Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE courtS of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHCF 14

Divorce Transfer No 5830 of 2014

Between

UBD  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

UBE  
---  
  
… Defendant

Grounds of Decision

[Family law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

[Family law] — [Maintenance] — [Wife]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
UBD

  

v

  

UBE

  

[2017] SGHCF 14

High Court — Divorce Transfer No 5830 of 2014  
Valerie Thean JC  
9 February 2017

29 May 2017

Valerie Thean JC:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff (“the Husband”) and the defendant (“the Wife”) married on 6
April 1988 in Singapore. They have two sons, aged 25 and 21 respectively. The
Husband is a doctor and works as a general practitioner at his one-man clinic
in Serangoon Central. The Wife, previously a teacher, has been a professional
counsellor since September 2016.

2 The Husband moved out of the matrimonial home (“the Property”) on 1 January
2011. Some three years later, on 9 December 2014, the Husband commenced
divorce proceedings. Interim judgment (“the IJ”) was granted on 19 January
2015 (“the IJ Date”) by consent.

3 On 9 February 2017, I heard and dealt with the parties’ ancillary matters,
being: (i) the division of their matrimonial assets; and (ii) the appropriate
maintenance for the Wife. The Husband has appealed, vide, Civil Appeal No 38
of 2017, and these grounds of decision explain my orders made.

Division of Assets

Constitution of the matrimonial assets

4 Parties were largely in agreement on the constitution of the pool of
matrimonial assets and the respective values of these assets. The Husband’s
medical practice (“the Medical Practice”) was the main point of contention. I
deal with this first before setting out the overall matrimonial pool that was
found liable for division.

Valuation of the Medical Practice

5 The Medical Practice is physically situated in a HDB two storey shophouse
(“the Shophouse”). Parties agreed on a joint valuation in respect of the
Shophouse. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Exhibit A at item 2.

As regards the Medical Practice, parties obtained a joint valuation report
prepared by Acumen Assurance (“Acumen”) dated 26 April 2016. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Wife’s 2nd Affidavit of Assets and Means, pp 169–179.

Acumen’s desktop value of the Medical Practice based on their assessment
ranged from an “indicative value” of S$12,000 to a “business value” of
S$102,000. The indicative value was premised on the adjusted book value of the
Medical Practice as at 31 December 2015, which is an accounting value
calculated by subtracting the Medical Practice’s total liabilities from its
total assets. Acumen opined that “[c]onsidering the transactions of the
[Medical Practice] are mainly cash transactions with little or no off balance
sheet items, book value appears to be approximate to the fair value of the
business”. As for the business value, this was derived based on a discounted
cash flow analysis of the Medical Practice’s income and earning potential.
Acumen opined that this value provided a “highly accurate estimate of business
value based on the business earning potential” [emphasis added].

6 Notwithstanding the above, the Husband submitted that the Medical Practice
should be valued at S$15,346, which was the figure for the net tangible assets
of the clinic reflected on its balance sheet dated 31 December 2014. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Notes of Evidence dated 9 February 2017, p 1; Husband’s 1st Affidavit of
Assets and Means, p 5.

In essence, the Husband argued that a book value based approach was more
useful, echoing Acumen’s observation that such an approach was appropriate for
a “cash business” and thus proposed to use the higher figure of S$15,346. In
response, the Wife submitted that an income based approach was more
appropriate. The Husband had been operating the clinic since 1989 and was well
established in the neighbourhood, and the clinic’s profit over the last four
years was about S$190,000 – a figure that was far higher than the book value
based figures.

7 I agreed with the Wife that an income based approach was the better method
of valuation in the circumstances. Even if the Husband chose to discontinue
the Medical Practice, he would likely sell the business which has significant
goodwill associated with it given its location in a HDB precinct and its
existing clientele. Further, as noted by Acumen, such family clinics belonged
to a “recession proof industry as the patients will consult doctor[s]
regardless of the economic outlook. Walk in patients usually opt to visit [a]
particular clinic for one of two reasons: its proximity to the patients’
workplace or home to the clinic and the familiarity of the patients with the
doctor practicing in the clinic.” 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Wife’s 2nd Affidavit of Assets and Means, p 173.

While the income based method utilised a projection of cash flows for four
years going forward, this anticipated cash flow would be similar to that used
by any medical practitioner seeking to buy a practice within a HDB precinct.
However, even though Acumen set the clinic’s business value at S$102,000 under
its income based analysis, I adopted a more conservative figure of S$80,000
because any contemplated sale of the Medical Practice would be dependent upon
the vagaries of the market and buyer-seller uncertainties.

Other assets

8 The inclusion and valuation of most of the other matrimonial assets were
agreed between the parties, save in relation to the following assets to which
I turn.

9 In respect of the Husband’s shares in DBS Bank, there was initially a
dispute as the Wife’s submission put the figure as S$74,450, whereas the
Husband’s submissions had used S$61,354. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Husband’s Written Submissions, p 12.

Counsel for the Wife clarified at the ancillaries hearing, however, that
S$74,450 was the value of the DBS shares used by the Husband himself in his
1st Affidavit of Assets and Means. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Notes of Evidence dated 7 February 2017, p 2; Husband’s 1st Affidavit of
Assets and Means, p 5.

Counsel for the Husband therefore agreed to using this figure of S$74,450 to
value the DBS shares.

10 Regarding the parties’ personal bank accounts, three DBS bank accounts on
the part of the Husband, and two POSB accounts on the part of the Wife, I used
the figures of the deposited sums nearest to the IJ Date. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Notes of Evidence dated 7 February 2017, p 1.

In my view, this was appropriate in the context of this case.

11 The legal context should first be set out before we turn to the case on the
facts. The Court of Appeal has reiterated, after I gave my decision, that
generally, once an asset is regarded as a matrimonial asset, it ought to be
valued as at the date of the ancillaries hearing, unless a departure is
warranted by the facts (“the Valuation Rule”) (see TND v TNC and another
appeal [2017] SGCA 34 (“TND v TNC”) at [19], commenting on TDT v TDS and
another appeal and another matter [2016] 4 SLR 145 (“TDT v TDS”) at [50]).
This Valuation Rule comes logically subsequent to a preceding inquiry: whether
any particular asset forms part of the matrimonial pool in the first place.
For this preceding inquiry, which involves determining the appropriate
operative date for delineating the pool of matrimonial assets, the law set out
by the Court of Appeal is that “unless the particular circumstances or justice
of the case warrant it, the starting point or default position should be the
date that interim judgment is granted” (“the Delineation Rule”) (see ARY v ARX
and another appeal [2016] 2 SLR 686 at [31]). Two separate default operative
dates are therefore relevant for dividing matrimonial assets: for delineation
issues, the date of the interim judgment generally prevails; for valuation
matters, the default position leans in favour of the date of the ancillaries
hearing.

12 In this case, I was of the view that a departure from the default position
under the Valuation Rule was warranted in relation to the bank accounts: these
bank accounts were delineated and valued as at the IJ Date instead. This was
because the parties had lived separate and independent lives for more than 6
years since January 2011 when the Husband moved out of the matrimonial home.
It was thus a reasonable expectation on their part that they would be free to
spend from their bank accounts as they saw necessary from the date at which
their separation formalised (ie, the IJ Date), without having to account ex
post for or rebut contentions of wrongful dissipation. Therefore, if either
spouse, for instance, invested funds from his or her bank account, it would be
just and reasonable that he or she should have to bear the liabilities of, or
enjoy the profits from, such investment, so long as the original funds used
for that investment were restored to the common pool (Yeo Chong Lin v Tay Ang
Choo Nancy and another appeal [2011] 2 SLR 1157 (“Yeo Chong Lin”) at [40]).

13 In the present case, a further benefit would accrue if both the delineation
and valuation dates for the bank accounts were set as the IJ Date: this would
minimise the incentive for, and any subsequent argument about, issues of
wrongful dissipation from these accounts post-IJ. Particularly in relation to
bank accounts, this would enable much desired simplicity and certainty in the
litigation process. Indeed, at least in the present case, if the court held
otherwise that the valuation date of such liquid assets was the date of the
ancillaries hearing, which took place long after the IJ Date and after both
parties had clearly started to lead separately financial lives utilising funds
from their largely segregated bank accounts, unfairness may result from the
division process: neither party would had been able to expend what they
commonly and reasonably hold to be separate funds with a peace of mind.
Instead, going forward, a perverse incentive for attempted dissipation in the
interim between the date of the IJ and the date of the ancillaries hearing may
be created in the shadow of the law.

14 In considering the above, a distinction may usefully be drawn between bank
accounts and other kinds of assets. This is because funds in bank accounts are
by their nature easily moved or spent; concerns about deterring wrongful
dissipation and permitting legitimate expenditures thus come prominently to
the fore. In contrast, different considerations often underlie the division of
other properties. In particular, for real properties, values may fluctuate
significantly between the date of the IJ and the date of the ancillaries
hearing. The accommodation needs of the family may require realisation of
particular properties: in a falling market, if the valuation date is much
earlier, hardship may arise; conversely, in a rising market a division using
too early a valuation may result in the allocation carrying an unintended and
uneven windfall effect. In this context, the Court of Appeal has allowed, in
Yeo Chong Lin at [39], that “there is nothing to preclude the court from
applying different cut-off dates to different categories of assets if the
circumstances so warrant”.

15 In the result, I chose the figures of the funds in these accounts that were
closest to the IJ Date for the asset pool. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Notes of Evidence dated 7 February 2017, p 1.

Table of matrimonial assets

16 Parties’ pool of matrimonial assets were therefore as follows:

Matrimonial Assets that are Jointly Held  
---  
S/N| Asset Description| Value| Comments  
1| The Property| S$2,900,000.00| Agreed; current value based on joint
valuation report. 9

##### Foot Note 9

× Exhibit B, p 4.  
2| The Shophouse| S$2,400,000.00  
Sub-Total| S$5,300,000.00  
Matrimonial Assets in Husband’s Possession  
S/N| Asset Description| Value| Comments  
1| Insurance Policies| S$442,312.83| Agreed 10

##### Foot Note 10

× Exhibit B, p 5.  
2| Medical Practice| S$80,000.00| Based on income method: see above at [5]–[7]  
3| DBS shares| S$74,449.98| Agreed: see above at [9]  
4| SingTel Ltd shares| S$778.60| Average of two figures proposed 11

##### Foot Note 11

× Exhibit B, p 5.  
5| DBS Autosave Plus Account No. XXX-XXX265-2| S$212,122.01| Value closer to
the IJ Date: see [10] 12

##### Foot Note 12

× Husband’s 1st Affidavit of Assets and Means, pp 3–4.  
6| DBS Savings Plus Account No. XXX-X-XX4583| S$301,092.66  
7| DBS Fixed Deposit Account No. XXX-XXXX03-05| S$13,114.14  
8| POSB Passbook Savings Account No. XXX-XX217-0| S$16,070.18| Agreed 13

##### Foot Note 13

× Exhibit B, pp 6–7.  
9| CPF Ordinary Account| S$31,872.68  
10| CPF Special Account| S$1,949.14  
11| CPF Medisave Account| S$49,800.00  
12| CPF Retirement Account| S$88,861.66  
13| Country Club Membership| S$21,400.00  
14| Motor Vehicle (Toyota)| S$29,752.00| Agreed 14

##### Foot Note 14

× Notes of Evidence dated 9 February 2017, p 1.  
Sub-Total| S$1,363,575.88  
Matrimonial Assets in Wife’s Possession  
S/N| Asset Description| Value| Comments  
1| POSB Account No. XXXXX9458| S$58,000.00| Value closer to IJ Date 15

##### Foot Note 15

× Wife’s 1st Affidavit of Assets and Means, p 7. : see [10]  
2| POSB Account No. XXXXX1557| S$3,211.00  
3| Insurance Policies| S$208,733.82| Agreed 16

##### Foot Note 16

× Exhibit B, p 7.  
5| CPF Ordinary Account| S$34,529.54  
6| CPF Medisave Account| S$48,309.70  
7| CPF Retirement Account| S$161,000.00  
Sub-Total| S$513,784.06  
Total| S$7,177,359.94  
  
Division of the asset pool

Assessment methodology

17 There are two methodologies which may be applied in clustering matrimonial
assets in preparation for division: (a) the global assessment methodology,
which entails the court applying one ratio to the global pool of identified
matrimonial assets; and (b) the classification methodology, which requires the
court to classify the matrimonial assets and thereafter determine and apply
separate ratios to each class of the assets (see NK v NL [2007] 3 SLR(R) 743
(“NK v NL”) at [31]–[33]).

18 The Husband contended that the classification methodology should be used
because the parties’ direct contributions across the matrimonial assets were
varied. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Husband’s Written Submissions, para 25.

While joint contribution was conceded for some assets, these were in varying
proportions, and the Husband contended that the Wife made no financial
contribution at all to his Medical Practice or the motor vehicle.

19 As noted by the Court of Appeal in NK v NL (at [33]), the statutory
imprimatur of s 112 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“WC”)
requires the court to consider and apply the methodology that would result in
a “just and equitable” division of the matrimonial assets based on the facts
of each case. In my view, the following fact patterns may render the
classification methodology more suitable than the global assessment
methodology:

(a) Where an adverse inference is drawn against a party in relation to one
class of asset and the court wishes to confine the consequences of that
adverse inference to the relevant class of assets (see, eg, NK v NL at [33];
BJZ v BKA [2013] SGHC 149 at [73]).

(b) Where there is a clear reason to make a different ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR
1043 (“ANJ”) calculation in relation to a class of assets. In this regard,
because indirect contributions are to be assessed in hindsight with full
appreciation of the context of the marriage, the ratio for indirect
contributions should remain constant in relation to all assets even under the
classification methodology (see AYQ v AYR [2013] 1 SLR 476 at [22]-[23]).
There could, nonetheless, be reason to attribute a different direct
contribution ratio to a specific class of assets (see, eg, TNC v TND [2016] 3
SLR 1172 at [44] and TND v TNC at [35] where pre-marriage properties were
differentiated), or to use a different weightage of the direct and indirect
ratios in the third stage of the ANJ analysis.

20 In this case, the Husband’s submission urging the classification
methodology appeared to be premised primarily upon the fact that the parties
had made different direct and financial contributions to different matrimonial
assets. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Husband’s Written Submissions, para 25.

He pointed out that his direct contribution featured in varying strength
across the entire range of the matrimonial assets, whereas the Wife’s direct
contribution was limited to specific matrimonial assets.

21 I did not accept the Husband’s submission. In this case, all of the
matrimonial assets were accumulated during the marriage and represented the
result of the parties’ joint efforts. The Wife’s support would have assisted
the Husband across the range of financial acquisitions over the course of the
marriage. The Husband’s greater direct contribution was a natural incidence of
his higher income. A mere variance in direct contributions to different assets
did not in itself militate against the global assessment methodology. Indeed,
to granulate each asset in a class of its own simply because of a variance in
direct contribution would not be desirable. In such cases where variation in
direct contribution is the only factor in play, two points of principle favour
the global assessment methodology. First, this methodology aligns with “the
legislative mandate to… treat all matrimonial assets as community property… to
be divided in accordance with s 112 of the [WC]” (Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock
Chye [2007] 3 SLR(R) at [40]). Secondly, this legislative mandate, consonant
with the Court of Appeal’s guidance in ANJ (at [30]), is one that ought to be
exercised in broad strokes, premised upon the court’s feel as to what is just
and equitable on the facts of the case.

22 Several reasons could ground good rationale to these points of principle.
First, an over-intensive scrutiny of the minutiae of family accounts is often
impractical. There may be motivations or habits underlying how spouses plan
their finances and expenditures during the subsistence of the marriage, which
could be arbitrary or tacit, upon which the law is unable to, and in any event
should not, intrude. Thus, the High Court stated in AJR v AJS [2010] 4 SLR 617
(at [22]), that “in most marriage partnerships it is largely fortuitous as to
which party contributes direct towards the acquisition of matrimonial assets…
and which party pays for other family expenditure”. The same fortuity exists
in respect of how spouses in ordinary relationships apportion their finances
towards the acquisition of different matrimonial assets. If varying
contributions to different assets could in itself justify a different
substantive outcome in the division of matrimonial assets, the court may be
seeking meaning where none can – and should – be found.

23 Given such practicalities of married life, the court should be slow to
adopt any practice that could well subvert “the philosophy of marriage being
an equal partnership” (TNL v TNK and another appeal and another matter [2017]
1 SLR 609 (“TNL v TNK”) at [44]). Parties do not live their lives in
anticipation of marital breakdown, nor should they feel compelled or
incentivised to do so by legal rules which attempt to unravel and colour the
intricacies of their familial decisions ex post facto. Viewing the fruit of
their marriage in a holistic manner, in general, better upholds the
institution of marriage as a partnership of joint efforts.

24 A third and more general point is that in the general run of family cases,
simplicity could be an integral aspect of access to justice. Thus, Thorpe LJ
observed (at [22]) in the English Court of Appeal decision in Parra v Parra
[2003] 1 FLR 942 (“Parra”):

The judgment that emerged is a tribute to the judge's exhaustive investigation
of a mass of detailed evidence. The result is painstakingly thorough. But the
outcome of ancillary relief cases depends upon the exercise of a singularly
broad judgment that obviates the need for the investigation of minute detail
and equally the need to make findings on minor issues in dispute. The judicial
task is very different from the task of the judge in the civil justice system
whose obligation is to make findings on all issues in dispute relevant to
outcome. The quasi-inquisitorial role of the judge in ancillary relief
litigation obliges him to investigate issues which he considers relevant to
the outcome even if not advanced by either party. Equally he is not bound to
adopt a conclusion upon which the parties have agreed. But this independence
must be matched by an obligation to eschew over-elaboration and to endeavour
to paint the canvas of his judgment with a broad brush rather than with a fine
sable. Judgments in this field need to be simple in structure and simply
explained.

[emphasis added]

25 For completeness, I deal with two other justifications offered by the
Husband in support of the classification methodology, neither of which I found
persuasive. To the extent that the Husband was relying on his greater direct
contribution (compared to the Wife’s) in absolute terms, both the global
assessment and classification methodologies, appropriately applied, were
equally capable of addressing his concern. The Husband further suggested that
the classification methodology would lead to a more just and equitable
division as the matrimonial assets had been acquired and utilised for
different purposes. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Husband’s Written Submissions, para 26.

He did not, however, particularise what these purposes were, or cite any
precedents in support. It would appear to me commonsensical that in the
ordinary nature of things, different assets would be used for different
purposes at different times and in different situations in a marriage, and
such could not in itself ground a distinction. For the foregoing reasons, I
adopted the global assessment methodology.

Applying the ANJ approach

26 The Court of Appeal’s structured approach, first set out ANJ (at
[17]–[30]), was summarised in three broad steps set out in Twiss, Christopher
James Hans v Twiss, Yvonne Prendergast [2015] SGCA 52 (at [17]), and
reiterated recently in TNL v TNK at [37], as follows:

(a) express as a ratio the parties’ direct contributions relative to each
other, having regard to the amount of financial contribution each party made
towards the acquisition or improvement of the matrimonial assets (“Step 1”);

(b) express as a second ratio the parties’ indirect contributions relative to
each other, having regard to both indirect financial and non-financial
contributions (“Step 2”); and

(c) derive the parties’ overall contributions relative to each other by taking
an average of the two ratios above, keeping in mind that, depending on the
circumstances of each case, the direct and indirect contributions may not be
accorded equal weight and one of the two ratios may be accorded more
significance than the other (“Step 3”).

Step 1: Direct contribution ratio

27 In respect of the parties’ direct contributions, the Wife proposed a ratio
of 75.76:24.24 in favour of the Husband, whereas the Husband initially
proposed a range of ratios for different assets but later settled on the
global ratio of 87.5:12.5 in his favour. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Exhibit B, p 12.

28 The main reason for the difference in proposed ratios lay with the parties’
respective purchases for the furnishing of the Property and its renovation in
2010. The Wife included in her calculations various alleged purchases
including furniture, appliances and decorative artefacts amounting to some
S$81,452.00, 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Wife’s 2nd Affidavit of Assets and Means, pp 64–124; Exhibit B, p 12.

while the Husband included in his calculations his payment towards repairs of
the Property totalling some S$29,685.84. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Husband’s 1st Affidavit of Assets and Means, p 24; Exhibit B, p 12.

However, in my view, these payments were more appropriately considered as
indirect, rather than direct, contributions. Hence, taking these out from the
calculations, the direct contribution ratio for the Property would be around
445,165:76,093 and that for the Shophouse would be 1,226,778:147,845 (or
85.4:14.6 and 89.2:10.8 respectively). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Notes of Evidence dated 9 February 2017, pp 2-3.

Applying these ratios to the assessed values of the Property and the Shophouse
correspondingly, the Wife’s direct contribution to the Property and Shophouse
would amount to about S$682,000 in total. Adding this figure to the Wife’s
assets valued at around S$513,784.06 that were in her sole name (as the Wife
contended should be done and the Husband appeared to accept), 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Wife’s Written Submissions, para 71; Notes of Evidence dated 9 February 2017,
p 3.

the Wife’s direct contribution would amount to some S$1,196,000. Dividing this
figure by the value of the total matrimonial pool would lead to the conclusion
that the Wife had made direct contributions of about 17% to the global
matrimonial assets.

29 Accordingly, I held that the direct contribution ratio in Step 1 was 83:17
in favour of the Husband.

Step 2: Indirect contribution ratio

30 Parties were diametrically opposed on the indirect contribution ratio. The
Wife submitted that her indirect contributions should be valued at 80% while
the Husband’s should be valued at 20%. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Wife’s Written Submissions, para 73.

The Wife highlighted that she had been a full-time homemaker during the
formative years of their children’s lives. Even as the children grew older,
she was their main source of support. It was only after the children were much
older and settled that the Wife ventured out to pursue her own interests,
obtaining her Masters in Professional Counselling and building her counselling
business. The Wife also pointed to her sole responsibility for maintaining the
matrimonial home at her own expense.

31 The Husband, on the other hand, submitted for an indirect contribution
ratio of 80:20 in his favour. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Husband’s Written Submissions, para 133.

He did not dispute that the Wife stayed at home as a homemaker for more than
four years, but he stated that he had always been pulling his weight at home,
including sending and picking up the children. Even his clinic hours had been
structured around his family. He was also actively involved with the boys’
school lives, helping them with their schoolwork, nurturing their hobbies, as
well as teaching them how to cook. Further, he was the handyman of the family.
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Husband’s 1st Affidavit of Means and Assets, pp 34–56.

32 In addition, both parties contended that the other had behaved terribly.
The Husband, upset over the Wife’s relationship with a third party, submitted
that a negative value should be ascribed to the Wife’s alleged misconduct in
“not only failing to contribute to the partnership of efforts”, but also
engaging in “conduct that fundamentally undermines the co-operative
partnership of the marriage and harms the welfare of the other” (Chan Tin Sun
v Fong Quay Sim [2015] 2 SLR 195 (“Chan Tin Sun”) at [27]). The Wife, on her
part, raised in her reply contentions such as emotional abuse by the Husband,
his being inaccessible, and his being a womanizer. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Wife’s 2nd Affidavit of Means and Assets, pp 1-28, 40.

These were not well substantiated and were raised only belatedly.

33 It was unfortunate that the parties involved their sons in this dispute.
The older son wrote a brief e-mail dated 3 July 2016 which denied the Wife’s
allegations about the Husband and stated that he “ha[d] not witnessed [the
Husband] verbally or psychological[ly] abuse [him], [his] brother or mother”.
The older son was of the opinion that the Husband was not an absent father,
but rather, loving and willing to make the effort to partake in activities
such as cooking, going out for dinners and having long, engaged conversations.
29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Husband’s 3rd Affidavit of Assets and Means, pp 120.

The younger son, requested similarly by the Husband for an affidavit, filed
one in support of the Wife instead. The younger son read all the affidavits
filed by both his parents before giving evidence that he wished to show
support for his mother in gratitude for her care and contribution to his
childhood. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Younger Child’s Affidavit, p 1.

From the younger son’s affidavit, it was clear that the Wife had been a loving
and involved mother. He confirmed that the Wife had been the main caregiver
for his brother and him as they grew up, and he recounted various fond
memories with her. He also affirmed that the role she had played in their
lives was “significant and instrumental” and that she “ha[d] always been a
constant pillar of support” in his life. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Younger Child’s Affidavit, p 6.

The Husband followed on this thread with various other third party statements.
These included e-mails from the Husband’s sister completely contrary to the
evidence provided by the younger son, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Husband’s 3rd Affidavit of Assets and Means, pp 83–85.

a written testimonial from the Husband’s long-time friend, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Husband’s 3rd Affidavit of Assets and Means, pp 91–93.

more e-mails from more of his long-time friends, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Husband’s 3rd Affidavit of Assets and Means, pp 100–101.

as well as other supporting affidavits from his classmate, domestic helper,
and friends.

34 As I mentioned to counsel, I did not find these testimonials helpful. They
were clearly written to assist the Husband and were opinions of third parties
without intimate and direct knowledge of the relationship between the parties
and the relevant events throughout the years of marriage. Similarly, parties
ought to consider whether polarising their children would bring any value to
their case, as the court, in considering the reliability of such evidence, is
well aware of the unique pressures that such witnesses face. In advancing
their cases, parties ought to bear in mind that the court uses a broad brush
approach in exercising its statutory discretion. Particularly in family cases,
the desirability of having additional evidence must be balanced responsibly
with, first, its probative value, and secondly, its effect on relationships
that will subsist and remain important even after the spouses part ways. While
adult children may not suffer the same mental wellness risks that minor
children might, they are not immune to the stress of their parents’
expectations, nor is the familial tension generated helpful in building the
support structures that each parent would require as he or she ages.

35 In this case, while it was undeniable that the Husband did spend time with
the children, it was also clear that the Wife’s indirect contributions
outweighed his. In this regard, I took the Wife’s evidence that the Husband
had only woken up to his fatherly duties after the matrimonial proceedings
began 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Wife’s 2nd Affidavit of Assets and Means, p 33.

with a generous pinch of salt. Rather, her greater indirect contribution arose
from the nature of their respective roles within the marriage, and not from
any dereliction on the Husband’s part. She was the primary caregiver of the
children through the years. Being a school teacher for many years gave her the
liberty and resources to do so, and she also stayed home for a four-year
period.

36 Further, contrary to the Husband’s assertions, this was not a case for the
application of Chan Tin Sun. Apart from merely citing the principles set out
by the Court of Appeal in Chan Tin Sun, the Husband’s submissions did not
point out which aspects of the Wife’s behaviour he was seeking to rely on in
purporting to apply Chan Tin Sun. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Husband’s Supplementary Written Submissions, paras 5–10.

As the Court of Appeal clearly emphasised – and I reiterate – “the hearing of
the ancillaries is not intended to be another forum for parties to dredge up
accusations and allegations relating to each other’s conduct” [emphasis in
original] (at [25]). Only misconduct that is both extreme and undisputed
should be taken into consideration when the court exercises its powers under s
112(1) of the WC to order the division of the parties’ matrimonial assets (at
[25]).

37 In the circumstances, I was of the view that a 63:37 ratio in favour of the
Wife was fair as Step 2 of the ANJ framework. This was a long marriage: 27
years until the IJ Date, and 24 years until the date of their separation. The
Wife had been the primary caregiver of the children, although the Husband did
play his part. The Wife also stayed home for more than four years to look
after the children. The parties were likely to have been, by and large,
content with the marriage for some 20 years, during which they achieved much
as a couple, raising their children and building significant assets through
joint sacrifice and effort. While the Husband moved out in the last four
years, the Wife continued to look after the home and the children. The
unhappiness on each side in the last 6 years or so must be seen in context and
not form a bitter lens through which the entirety of their 27 years of family
life is viewed.

Step 3: Final ratio for division

38 A simple average of the two ratios above yielded an overall divisional
ratio of 60:40 in favour of the Husband. In ANJ, the Court of Appeal set out
three relevant and non-exhaustive factors in determining if the relative
weightage of the ratios should be adjusted: (a) the size of the matrimonial
pool, (b) the duration of the marriage, and (c) the nature and extent of the
parties’ indirect contributions (at [27]). The Wife submitted that the derived
ratio should be adjusted in her favour as the appreciation of the two real
properties (ie, the Property and the Shophouse) was the result of her
persevering efforts during the marriage and her looking after, furnishing, and
decorating the Property. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Wife’s Written Submissions, paras 116–132.

As for the Husband, he submitted that the ratio should be adjusted in his
favour due to (a) the Wife’s rent-free occupation of the Property since the
parties separated, and (b) the inequity of the situation where, according to
him, he held the family together while the Wife disregarded him and carried on
with her clubbing and drinking lifestyle. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Husband’s Written Submissions, paras 140–141.

39 In my judgment, there was no need for any adjustment to the average of the
ratios. The matrimonial pool in this case was not extraordinarily large. The
length of marriage was relatively long, and it was the collective effort of
the parties that had built up the family’s pool of assets. The direct
contributions of the Husband were enabled only by the indirect contributions
and sacrifices on the part of the Wife, particularly given that she had stayed
home to take care of the children while they were at their youngest and most
demanding. Further, the rent-free occupation during the period of separation
was a voluntary act on the part of the Husband, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Husband’s 1st Affidavit of Assets and Means, p 42.

and subsisted only for the last four years. During this period, the children
of the marriage also continued to live with the Wife in the Property.

40 Accordingly, in the round, the final ratio for division was 60:40 in favour
of the Husband. This was a fair and equitable outcome taking into account all
the circumstances and the ups and downs of their marriage.

41 In coming to this particular division, two countervailing considerations
were in play as I contextualised the Court of Appeal’s illuminating guidance
in ANJ (at [30]) that: “The controlling principle has always been and remains
that the court must approach the exercise with broad strokes based on its feel
of what is just and equitable on the facts of the case.”

42 The first was a consideration of two precedents in marriages of similar
length: Tan Hwee Lee v Tan Cheng Guan and another appeal and another matter
[2012] 4 SLR 785, where the Court of Appeal applied equal division in a
marriage of 28 years, and Yow Mee Lan v Chan Kai Buan [2000] 2 SLR(R) 659, a
High Court decision which has been cited by the Court of Appeal on many
occasions, where equal division was applied in a marriage of 26 years. In both
of these marriages of similar length, the wives made no direct financial
contributions. In this case, the Wife had made some direct financial
contribution, and the Husband had played his part at home. Parties had
cooperated in the partnership of marriage over many years, and indeed, on the
precedents, a range of up to half of the matrimonial assets was open to
consideration, if such a division was just and equitable. I had in mind,
nevertheless, a second consideration: that the Husband lived and worked at the
Shophouse. After the marriage broke down, he had graciously moved out of the
matrimonial home, allowing the Wife and their sons use of the Property during
their period of separation. Whilst this was not itself a reason to adjust the
Wife’s ratio downwards, it was in my view a fair reason not to adjust it
upwards either. It would not be equitable if the division compelled the
Husband to liquidate the Shophouse or his Medical Practice at this stage in
his life. In the circumstances, allocation of 40% of the assets to the Wife
met both imperatives.

43 For the foregoing reasons, a 60:40 division in favour of the Husband, on
the facts of this particular case, was in my judgment just and equitable: it
gave appropriate dignity to their joint achievements together over the years
to build home and hearth, and at the same time, left each party with a sound
platform from which to move forward with their lives.

Implementation of asset division orders

44 The Wife’s 40% share of the total matrimonial assets was about S$2,870,945.
Taking into account the assets in her name, she should be paid the remainder
due of around S$2,357,161, out of the proceeds of sale of the Property. Both
parties had indicated that they wished to sell the Property during the
ancillaries hearing. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Notes of Evidence dated 9 February 2017, p 3.

Upon receipt of her share of the sale proceeds, the Wife was to transfer all
of her title, rights, and interest in the Shophouse to the Husband. As the
division took cognisance of the Wife’s CPF money invested in the Property and
the Shophouse, she was ordered to refund to her CPF account these invested
sums out of her share of the sale proceeds from the Property. The Husband did
not have CPF money invested in the Property; while he had CPF money invested
in the Shophouse, he would retain that asset. No CPF-related order was
therefore needed in respect of the Husband. Parties were to retain the assets
that were held in their sole names.

Maintenance for Wife

45 The Wife has been working as a counsellor since September 2016 and at the
time of the hearing drew a monthly income of S$2,200. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Wife’s Ancillary Matters Fact and Position Sheet, p 5.

The Husband earned around S$16,511.08 per month as a family physician. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Husband’s Ancillary Matters Fact and Position Sheet, p 8.

The Husband, who had paid $1,500 per month for household needs up to the end
of 2016, submitted that no maintenance should be payable to the Wife, as she
was self-sufficient, received income from her counselling practice, and there
was no evidence that she was wanting in funds. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Husband’s Written Submissions, paras 159-162.

Further, the Husband pointed out that he was 63 years old, and would continue
to support the younger child who was in the second year of a three-year degree
course in Australia.

46 The Wife, on the other hand, sought a lump sum maintenance of S$240,000
being a sum of S$1,000 per month for the next 20 years based on the premise
that “the Wife is currently 56 years old and her needing a roof over her head
for the next 20 years is not unexpected”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Wife’s Written Submissions, paras 150-152.

47 In my judgment, the Wife was gainfully employed and, equipped with a
Masters in Professional Counselling and her own established practice, she was
appropriately resourced to continue and excel at her employment. The law
encourages former wives who are able to gain self-sufficiency to do so (see,
eg, ATE v ATD [2016] SGCA 2 (“ATE v ATD”) at [31]). Further, the court’s power
to order maintenance is supplementary to the court’s power to divide
matrimonial assets (see ATE v ATD at [33]): the division of assets made in the
Wife’s favour in the present case was sufficient to secure her financial
wellbeing. She and the children would, however, need to find new long term
accommodation. I thus awarded the Wife a small lump sum of $15,000 to ease any
transitional issues.

Costs

48 Neither party asked for costs. No order was thus made on costs.

Conclusion

49 In summary, the orders for the ancillary matters were as follows:

(a) The Property is to be sold on the open market within six months of the
date of the order. Parties are to have joint conduct of the sale of the
Property, with costs and expenses deducted from the proceeds of sale. The Wife
is to receive S$2,357,161 of the proceeds of sale, and is to reimburse her CPF
accounts with interest thereon out of her share of the sale proceeds.

(b) Upon receipt of her share of the sale proceeds of the Property, the Wife
is to transfer her rights, title and interest in the Shophouse to the Husband.
The Wife is to refund all monies owing to the CPF for the Shophouse to her CPF
accounts with interest thereon.

(c) Parties are to retain all assets held in their own names.

(d) The Husband is to pay the Wife a sum of S$15,000 within a month from the
date of the order, as lump sum maintenance for the Wife.

(e) No order on costs.

Valerie Thean  
Judicial Commissioner

Yee May Kuen Peggy Sarah and Audrey Liaw Shu Juan  
(Liao Shujuan) (PY Legal LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Parhar Sunita Sonya (S. S. Parhar Law Corporation)  
for the defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

