Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 08

Suit No 71 of 2012

Between

(1)| Cristian Priwisata Yacob  
---|---  
(2)| Denny Suriadinata  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Wibowo Boediono  
---|---  
(2)| Koh Teng Teng Isabelle  
  
… Defendants

Suit No 169 of 2012

Between

(1)| Cristian Priwisata Yacob  
---|---  
(2)| Nila Susilawaty  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Budiono Kweh  
---|---  
(2)| Wibowo Boediono  
(3)| Toh Wee Jin  
(4)(5)| Tan Lay PhengKoh Teng Teng Isabelle  
|  
|  
  
… Defendants

And

(1)| Wibowo Boediono  
---|---  
(2)| Koh Teng Teng Isabelle  
(3)| Toh Wee Jin  
|  
|  
  
… Third Parties

judgment

[Damages] — [Mitigation] — [Tort]

[Land] — [Registration of Title]

[Restitution] — [Unjust Enrichment]

[Tort] — [Misrepresentation] — [Fraud and Deceit]

[Tort] — [Misrepresentation] — [Negligent Misrepresentation]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Duty of Care]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Breach of Duty]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Causation]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Contributory Negligence]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Cristian Priwisata Yacob and another

  
v

  

Wibowo Boediono and another and another suit

[2017] SGHC 08

High Court — Suit Nos 71 and 169 of 2012  
George Wei J  
16–20, 23–27, 30 March. 9, 11–12, 16–20 November 2015, 15–19, 24–26, 29
February, 1–2 March 2016; 1 June 2016  

26 January 2017 Judgment reserved.

George Wei J:

Introduction

1 The present proceedings concern two actions commenced in the High Court:
Suit No 71 of 2012 (“S 71/2012”) and Suit No 169 of 2012 (“S 169/2012”). For
ease of reference, I will refer to them collectively as “the Suits”. The
actions were not consolidated but had been ordered on 14 September 2012 to be
tried together.

2 Given the complicated and interlocking narrative behind the claims in the
Suits, I start with a brief summary setting out the dramatis personae, the
essential claims and the general position taken by the parties.

Background

Dramatis personae

3 Cristian Priwisata Yacob (“Cristian”), 48, is an Indonesian citizen educated
in Indonesia up to high school level. Sometime in 1998, he started his own
business in Surabaya which involved the raw timber trade. It appears that
Cristian’s business was and is primarily within Indonesia. Cristian is married
to Nila Susilawaty (“Nila”), with whom he has three children. The children
were born in 1991, 1993 and 2006. Nila’s family home is in Surabaya and her
family’s business is in the timber industry. Cristian and Nila owned, at the
material time, a unit at a condominium in Singapore located at Lorong Chuan
(“the Lorong Chuan condominium”). For convenience, I will refer to the unit
owned by Christian and Nila as “the Chuan”.

4 Denny Suriadinata (“Denny”) is Cristian’s friend and business partner.
Cristian had timber-related business dealings with Denny. These dealings
started some time ago, possibly as early as 2006. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Notes of Evidence (“NOE”) 17 March 2015 p 62 line 10–p 63 line 14 (Denny); NOE
9 November 2015 p 19 line 1–6 (Cristian); NOE 9 November 2015 p 33 line 2–6.

Cristian gave evidence that he also entered into joint investments with Denny
outside Indonesia. Such investments included joint investments in shares
listed in Singapore which were made through Pacific Heights Ltd (“Pacific
Heights”), a company registered in the British Virgin Islands. Pacific
Heights, which was owned by Cristian and Denny, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiffs’ Supplemental Bundle of Document-12 (Share Certificates for
Cristian and Denny) r/w NOE 18 March 2015 p 7 line 10–17; NOE 16 November 2015
2015 p 52 line 24–25.

held an account at Credit Suisse in Singapore. Whilst the joint investments
were primarily concerned with the stock market, 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

NOE 17 March 2015 p 96 line 3–8.

it appears that Cristian and Denny were not averse to the idea of investment
in the property market in Singapore. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

NOE 17 March 2015 p 86 line 13–22.

The evidence is that Cristian and Denny contributed equally to the funds of
Pacific Heights. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

NOE 17 March 2015 p 91 line 18–20; NOE 19 March 2015 p 55 line 9–12.

There is, however, no documentary evidence on the investment arrangement
between Cristian and Denny nor on how Pacific Heights was funded.

5 Wibowo Boediono (“Wibowo”) was born in Indonesia in 1986. He became a
Singapore permanent resident in 2012. Wibowo was educated in Canada and the
United States, although his early schooling was in Singapore. Wibowo graduated
in May 2007 and returned to Singapore permanently around September 2008. He is
fluent in English.

6 Wibowo is married to Isabelle Koh Teng Teng (“Isabelle”), a Singaporean with
a degree in Economics from the National University of Singapore, obtained in
1998. Isabelle had already graduated when the couple first met in 2001. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

NOE 24 February 2016 p 4 line 6–12.

At that time, Wibowo was 15 years old and Isabelle was 28 years old. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NOE 16 February 2015 p 3 line 23.

They kept in contact whilst Wibowo was studying overseas. They met up again in
2007 and married in November 2007. Like Cristian and Nila, Wibowo and Isabelle
owned a unit at the Lorong Chuan condominium. Whilst Cristian and Nila clearly
do understand some English, it is apparent that Wibowo’s command of English is
very much stronger. Indeed, the evidence is that Wibowo is more comfortable
communicating in English rather than Bahasa Indonesia. It is significant to
note that Isabelle’s evidence is that she is unable to converse in Bahasa
Indonesia.

7 I pause to note that Isabelle comes from a well-to-do family. Her father
provided considerable financial assistance to the newly married couple in
respect of various property purchases. Isabelle’s evidence is that after her
marriage in 2007, she essentially became a home-maker; all matters relating to
finances and household income were left in Wibowo’s hands. It should be noted
that in 2007, Wibowo had only recently graduated and was only just about to
start his working life in Singapore. In contrast, it appears that by 2007,
Isabelle must have been working for many years. Prior to her marriage and for
some time thereafter, Isabelle worked in Singapore as a “guardian” for
children from overseas who were studying in Singapore. It appears that this
service continued for a while after her marriage as it was only stopped after
the birth of her second child in 2010. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NOE 16 February 2016 p 7 line 6–21 (Wibowo); NOE 26 February 2016 p73 line
7–19 (Isabelle).

8 Budiono Kweh (“Kweh”), Wibowo’s father, was married to Liem Landy (“Landy”).
Kweh and Landy were in the plywood furniture business in Indonesia. They had
some business dealings with Cristian in connection with the supply of timber.
Cristian’s evidence was that his dealings were more with Landy rather than
Kweh and that Landy was active and took a major role in the running of the
plywood business. It is also significant to note that Kweh passed away after
the Suits were filed. Wibowo’s evidence is that he has become the owner or
part-owner of the Indonesian plywood business. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

NOE 19 February 2016 p 74 line 8–23.

This is so even though Wibowo has not been appointed as a legal representative
of his father’s estate either in Singapore or Indonesia.

9 Toh Wee Jin (“Toh”) and Tan Lay Pheng (“Tan”) are both solicitors in
Singapore who were involved in an allegedly fraudulent transfer of the Chuan
owned by Cristian and Nila to Kweh. The facts pertaining to their involvement
will become clearer later in this judgment.

The pleadings in S 71/2012

10 There are two distinct claims in S 71/2012. The principal claim is brought
by Cristian and Denny against Wibowo and Isabelle for the recovery of monies
invested by them in two properties, a unit at Oasis Garden and a unit at Parc
Mondrian (“the Investment Claim”). The secondary claim is brought by Cristian
for conversion/loss of use of a car that was purportedly bought and paid for
by him but registered in Isabelle’s name (“the Car Claim”).

11 Whilst Wibowo and Isabelle accept that monies were indeed transferred by
Cristian into their joint bank account in Singapore, they deny that any sums
are owed or that they are in breach of any joint investment agreement. The
crux of the defence was that the monies were paid over in part-satisfaction of
a debt owed by Cristian to Kweh. According to Wibowo and Isabelle, the
proposed investment and acquisition of units in Oasis Garden and Parc Mondrian
never materialised although the investment had been discussed. Further, Wibowo
and Isabelle deny entering into any joint investment agreement with Denny;
Wibowo’s position is that the discussions which he had with Cristian were only
in respect of a possible investment agreement with Cristian alone. In any
event, Isabelle’s case is that she was not a party to the alleged joint
investment agreement. As for the Car Claim, Wibowo and Isabelle deny that the
car in question belonged to Cristian. They claim that the monies were provided
by Cristian to satisfy the same debt owed by Cristian to Kweh.

The pleadings in S 169/2012

12 In S 169/2012, Cristian and Nila claim that Kweh, Wibowo and Isabelle
engaged solicitors to fraudulently convey the Chuan to Kweh without their
knowledge or consent (“the Fraud Claim”). Cristian and Nila claim damages for
the loss of the Chuan and their belongings in the Chuan. According to Cristian
and Nila, they only discovered the transfer to Kweh when Wibowo and Isabelle
filed and served the defence in S 71/2012 on 22 February 2012. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NOE 26 March 2015 p 20 line 24–p 21 line 2 (Nila); NOE 19 November 2015 p 3
line 17–p 4 line 5 (Cristian).

The defence stated that the Chuan had been transferred to Kweh in satisfaction
of the balance of the alleged debt that Cristian owed to Kweh. According to
Cristian and Nila, they knew nothing of the transfer of the Chuan before that
date. They further assert that they never instructed solicitors to act in the
supposed sale or transfer.

13 Cristian and Nila also brought negligence claims against Toh and Tan (“the
Negligence Claims”). Toh was the solicitor who acted for Kweh (as the “buyer”)
under the instructions of Wibowo and Isabelle in the conveyance of the Chuan.
Toh had also applied for a Replacement Certificate of Title (“RCOT”) which was
used to complete the transfer of the Chuan to Kweh. This was done, allegedly
on the instructions of Cristian and Nila. Tan, on the other hand, was the
solicitor who purported to act for Cristian and Nila (as the “sellers”) in the
conveyance of the Chuan to Kweh.

14 The case against Toh and Tan is that Cristian and Nila never instructed
them to act on any matter in relation to the Chuan. Any instructions were in
fact provided by Kweh and/or Wibowo and/or Isabelle without the knowledge and
authority of Cristian and Nila. The crux of the complaint is that Toh and Tan
did not conduct proper checks to verify the source and authenticity of the
supposed instructions that they thought they had received from Cristian and
Nila. If this had been done, they would have discovered that they did not have
any authority to act for Cristian and Nila. There is no assertion that Toh
and/or Tan were complicit in the fraudulent plans of Wibowo, Isabelle and
Kweh.

15 Toh, in turn, took out third party proceedings against Wibowo and Isabelle.
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

3rd Defendant’s Statement of Claim against Third Parties at p14.

The crux of Toh’s claim is that if Cristian and Nila succeed in their claim
against him, Wibowo and Isabelle are liable to him for fraudulently
misrepresenting that Cristian and Nila had agreed to Toh acting in respect of
the application for a RCOT. Toh also has a claim for contribution against
Wibowo and Isabelle under the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) (“CLA”).

16 Another set of third party proceedings was taken out by Tan against Toh.
The crux of Tan’s claim is that if he is found liable to Cristian and Nila,
Toh is liable to indemnify him, because Toh had negligently or recklessly
misrepresented that Cristian and Nila had agreed to appoint him to act in the
conveyance. Tan also has a claim for contribution against Toh under the CLA.

The relevance of Kweh’s demise

17 Kweh, the first defendant in S 169/2012, passed away in Penang on 17
November 2012. The estate of Kweh was unrepresented at the trial as there was
no litigation representative or personal representative appointed on behalf of
Kweh’s Estate. I note that the question as to whether a litigation
representative or personal representative should be appointed appears to have
been raised in early interlocutory proceedings. Curiously, the evidence of
Wibowo is that he is not even aware of the appointment of any personal
representative for his late father, not even in Indonesia. This is a point
that I shall return to later.

18 I note that an application was made for a supplementary affidavit of
evidence-in-chief (“SAEIC”) by Isabelle to be filed after Kweh’s demise. This
affidavit explains that on 8 March 2012, Isabelle accompanied Kweh to the law
offices of Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP (“Rajah & Tann”) where a statement was
taken from Kweh setting out his general position in S 169/2012. The signed
statement was exhibited in this affidavit. In the circumstances, especially
given that Kweh passed away eight months from the date Kweh provided his
statement, leave was granted for the statement to be admitted.

19 To facilitate understanding, the judgment will be broadly divided into
three parts. Part One will mainly examine the evidence relating to the issues
and dispute between Cristian/Nila/Denny and Wibowo/Isabelle. Part Two will
deal with the evidence on the issues and disputes concerning the acts and
conduct of Toh and Tan in respect of the conveyance. Part Three will deal with
legal issues and set out the decisions reached in the light of Parts One and
Two. The judgment will conclude by setting out separately the decision and
orders in respect of each suit and claim.

Part One: The Issues and Disputes between Cristian/Nila/Denny and
Wibowo/Isabelle

Burden of Proof

20 A preliminary issue that arises is whether the burden of proof lies on
Cristian and Nila to show that the conveyancing documents are spurious or on
Wibowo and Isabelle to establish that the documents are genuine.

21 In iTronics Holdings Pte Ltd v Tan Swee Leon and another [2016] 3 SLR 663,
this court held at [63], citing Chng Bee Kheng and another (executrixes and
trustees of the estate of Fock Poh Kum, deceased) v Chng Eng Chye [2013] 2 SLR
715 (“Chng Bee Kheng”) at [51], that the party who alleges that a document is
a sham bears the burden of proving that the parties intended the document to
be a pretence. Whilst this statement relates to sham agreements (agreements
that were “entered into” but never intended to be relied upon), I am of the
view that it is equally applicable in the context in the present case. I also
note the endorsement by the Court of Appeal in Gimpex Ltd v Unity Holdings
Business Ltd and others and another appeal [2015] 2 SLR 686 at [183]–[184] of
the following statement in Tang Yoke Kheng v Lek Benedict [2005] 3 SLR(R) 263
at [14]: “the more serious the allegation, the more the party, on whose
shoulders the burden of proof falls, may have to do if he hopes to establish
his case”.

22 Applying the above to the present case, I am of the view that the legal
burden of proof falls on Cristian and Nila to show that the conveyancing
documents (such as the application for a RCOT and the Letter of Authority
appointing Tan) in question are spurious. Their pleaded case is that the Chuan
was their property and that the conveyance of the Chuan to Kweh was fraudulent
in that they had never agreed to make the transfer of the Chuan for any
purpose at all. To this end, all the documents which appear to suggest that
they had willingly agreed to the transfer are said to be spurious and the
product of a fraud. On the facts, this must include, at the very least,
sufficient proof that they did not knowingly sign the documents in question.

23 This is not, however, the end of the matter on the question of proof and
evidence. V K Rajah JA in Britestone Pte Ltd v Smith & Associates Far East,
Ltd [2007] 4 SLR(R) 855 (“Britestone”) stated at [58] that there are two kinds
of burden in relation to the adduction of evidence. The first is the legal
burden of proof which describes the obligation to persuade the trier of fact
that, in view of the evidence, the fact in dispute exists. This legal burden
always rests with the plaintiffs, unless a legal presumption operates. The
second is the evidential burden to produce evidence since, whenever it
operates, the failure to adduce some evidence will mean a failure to engage
the question of the existence of a particular fact or to keep this question
alive. This evidential burden can and will shift.

The evidence at trial

24 I turn now to the evidence elicited at the trial before me. Six witnesses
were called on behalf of the plaintiffs in the Suits. The four factual
witnesses were: Cristian, Nila, Denny, Agus Riyanto (a friend of Denny). Two
expert witnesses were also called: Yap Bei Sing (a handwriting expert) (“Mr
Yap”) and Tan Kah Leong (a mobile forensics expert). For the defendants,
evidence was heard from four factual witnesses: Wibowo, Isabelle, Toh and Tan.

25 The cross-examination was lengthy and often robust and intense. Given the
lack of documentary evidence and independent corroboration of the basic
underlying loans and transactions between Cristian/Nila/Denny and
Wibowo/Isabelle, the examination of the witnesses gained importance. For this
reason, it will be necessary to set out a somewhat lengthy discussion of the
oral evidence. This will be done in relation to the specific issues that arose
in the two suits. The parties agree that the claims in the Suits overlap in
terms of the narrative. As will be seen, in the case of the core battle
between the two couples, it is evident that much will turn on the court’s
assessment of the credibility of the testimony of each witness as a whole.

26 To facilitate understanding, I will first elaborate on the main factual
issues in turn, before presenting my findings on each of them. The factual
issues will be addressed in the following order:

(a) Whether Cristian was indebted to Kweh;

(b) Whether Cristian had paid for the cars;

(c) Whether Cristian and Denny had paid the monies over pursuant to an alleged
joint investment in Oasis Garden and Parc Mondrian;

(d) Whether the Chuan had been fraudulently transferred;

(e) Whether Isabelle was involved; and

(f) Whether Kweh was involved.

Whether Cristian was indebted to Kweh

27 This is the key issue that underlies the disputes in the Suits. The crux of
the defence of Wibowo and Isabelle to the Investment Claim, the Car Claim as
well as the Fraud Claim is that the monies that Cristian transferred to them
for the alleged purposes of purchasing vehicles and joint investment, as well
as the Chuan that was transferred to Kweh, were in fact made to discharge
Cristian’s indebtedness to Kweh. Therefore, it will be more convenient to
begin with the story from the perspective of Wibowo and Isabelle. The
existence of the debt is the lynchpin of their defence. As will be seen, there
is no doubt that monies were transferred from Cristian and Denny to Wibowo’s
and Isabelle’s joint bank account. Wibowo and Isabelle assert and plead that
these monies were transferred by way of part-payment of a large debt owed by
Cristian to Kweh. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defence (Amendment No 2) in S 71/2012 at paras 15–16

It stands to reason that the burden lies on Wibowo and Isabelle to adduce
evidence on this debt.

28 According to Wibowo, he was told of the debt that Cristian owed to Kweh
when he informed his parents about his proposed joint investment with
Cristian, because he needed financial assistance from his parents and sought
their consent. He claims that he only found out the details after S 71/2012
was commenced. He was then told of the loans made to Cristian by Kweh and the
fact that Kweh had borrowed the loan monies from another Indonesian
businessman, one “Haryono.” The debt was said to be large and in the region of
IDR 22.5 billion and dating back to February or March 2009. After his parents
were told of the possible joint investment (which they strongly opposed),
Wibowo’s evidence is that Kweh and Cristian entered into an oral agreement
whereby Cristian would make repayments in Singapore dollars direct into
Wibowo’s account in Singapore. This apparently explains the transfers of funds
into Wibowo’s and Isabelle’s joint account and the transfer of the title to
the Chuan.

29 Against the above, Cristian’s position is straightforward: he was not
indebted to Kweh at all. The funds transferred by him and Denny to Wibowo were
not made in satisfaction of any debt owed by him to Kweh.

Whether Cristian had paid for the car

30 I begin with the undisputed facts before setting out the parties’
respective accounts. On 7 April 2008, Cristian made a transfer of S$100,000 to
Wibowo. This was evidenced by a DBS transfer note and in any case, Wibowo did
not deny receiving the sum. In May 2008, Wibowo purchased, in his name, a new
Honda Accord at the price of S$97,800 (excluding insurance). Documents adduced
confirmed the purchase of the Honda Accord in Wibowo’s name with delivery
taking place on 28 May 2008. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Wibowo’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) Tab 3 (p 69).

Apart from an initial down-payment of S$28,640 (which was paid for using part
of the S$100,000 transferred by Cristian), the remainder of Wibowo’s purchase
(S$69,160) was financed by a loan. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at para 15; Tab 2 (p 64); Tab 4 (p 82).

31 Subsequently, in or around November 2009, the Honda Accord was traded in
for a new Mercedes E300 (“the E300”) which was registered in Isabelle’s name.
Wibowo made the bid for the certificate of entitlement himself and secured it
at a lower figure than that offered by the dealer. The trade-in price of the
Honda Accord was S$80,000 and the purchase of the E300 at S$217,389 was
financed by a S$120,000 loan that was taken out by Isabelle. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at para 34; Tab 7 (pp 96 and 108).

The E300 was delivered on 25 November 2009. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Isabelle’s AEIC at para 16; Tab 1 (p 41).

Cristian transferred, in two tranches, a total of S$140,100 to Wibowo in
August 2009. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Cristian’s AEIC at para 11; NOE 11 November 2015 at p 42 line 22–23; p 53 line
7–16.

32 The car was eventually sold by Wibowo and Isabelle on or around 17 January
2012 for the sum of S$173,000. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Isabelle’s AEIC at para 17.

Cristian’s and Nila’s account

33 Cristian’s and Nila’s trips to Singapore increased in frequency around
2005, when their children started attending school in Singapore. Prior to
that, Cristian visited Singapore only occasionally. They subsequently decided
to purchase a flat in Singapore where the children could stay. The Chuan was
purchased in April 2007 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NOE 9 November 2015 p 46 line 5–p 47 line 2.

and the actual transfer was dated 30 July 2008. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NOE 9 November 2015 p 43 line 25– p 44 line 2.

For this purchase, Cristian and Nila engaged the services of JS Yeh, a
Singapore solicitor. The couple also used the services of a property agent
(also an Indonesian) named “Kristopher” in their search for a suitable
property and the conveyance. The details of the purchase were said to have
been explained to him by Kristopher. Cristian’s position is that whilst he has
a little knowledge of English, he is not fluent and is much more comfortable
communicating in Bahasa Indonesia.

34 Cristian and Nila assert that they decided to acquire or obtain use of a
car in Singapore at or around the time the Chuan was purchased. Whilst there
is some inconsistency over whose idea it was to acquire a car and when the
decision was made, I have no reason to doubt the general tenor of their
evidence as to why they wanted to have use of a car in Singapore. It does not
appear that they had previously bought a car in Singapore.

35 Cristian and Nila assert that the arrangement was for the car to be
purchased in Wibowo’s name. The idea, they claim, came from Wibowo. It was
more convenient to register the car in Wibowo’s name for the purpose of road
tax renewal and servicing, since Wibowo and Isabelle were living in Singapore.
Further, at that time, Cristian/Nila and Wibowo/Isabelle were about to become
neighbours at the Lorong Chuan condominium. When asked why he did not simply
rent a car, Cristian explains that he was under the impression at the time
that as a foreigner, he might not be able to rent a vehicle. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NOE 11 November 2015 p 11 line 2–17.

36 In respect of the purchase of the Honda Accord, Cristian claims that he
provided the monies, S$100,000, by means of a bank transfer to Wibowo.
Cristian’s evidence was that the S$100,000 was for outright purchase and he
was unaware until the trial that in fact, Wibowo financed the purchase through
a substantial loan.

37 As for the decision to purchase the E300, Cristian explained that it was
made at Wibowo’s suggestion to upgrade the Honda Accord to a new E300 which
had just been launched. The Honda Accord (only one year old) had a very low
mileage. It was estimated to possess a trade-in value of about S$85,000.
Cristian asserts that he transferred S$140,000 to Wibowo’s bank account to
make up for the price difference. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NOE 11 November 2015 p 35 line 7–11.

He claimed that he was unaware that Isabelle in fact took out a loan of
S$120,000 to finance the purchase. His understanding was that the monies for
the E300 came from the trade-in value of the Honda Accord plus the S$140,000
that he had remitted to Wibowo. Thereafter, the E300 was used by Cristian and
Nila when they were in Singapore. Cristian’s case is that he paid for the road
tax and other expenses.

Wibowo’s and Isabelle’s account

38 The story from Wibowo’s and Isabelle’s perspective is entirely different.
They assert that Cristian and Nila initially had the idea of renting a car. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at para 26; Isabelle’s AEIC at para 14.

Wibowo offered to let them use one of his own cars. The Honda Accord was
purchased in Wibowo’s own name as it always was to be his own car. All the
expenses for the Honda Accord were met by Wibowo. Wibowo does not deny receipt
of the S$100,000 from Cristian. However, he explains that the sum (which
Cristian claims was remitted to pay for the Honda Accord) was given to him by
Kweh who agreed to provide him (Wibowo) with financial help to acquire
furniture, fittings and a car. The sum was transferred via Cristian pursuant
to a remittance arrangement between Cristian and Kweh. These monies were used
to meet the down-payment and the balance was financed by a bank loan.

39 As for the upgrade to the E300, Wibowo explains that the upgrade was made
for his own purposes and the purchase was to be financed in the same way:
funds would be sent by Cristian to Wibowo’s bank account and Kweh would settle
directly with Cristian. As can be seen, the stories are diametrically opposed.
Clearly one side must be lying. There is no room to explain away the
discrepancies as a simple misunderstanding.

Whether Cristian and Denny had paid the monies over pursuant to an alleged
joint investment in Oasis Garden and Parc Mondrian

40 This dispute concerns Cristian and Denny on the one side and Wibowo and
Isabelle on the other side. The key factual issues are whether the parties had
entered into a joint investment in Oasis Garden and Parc Mondrian and whether
the sums of monies paid by Cristian and Denny were indeed paid pursuant to the
joint investment. Again, I will begin with the undisputed facts before setting
out the parties’ respective accounts.

41 After Wibowo’s return to Singapore from the United States, he was keen to
invest in property developments. It is not in dispute that Wibowo first
approached Cristian on a possible joint investment in a unit which was under
construction and nearing completion at Oasis Garden. The idea was that Wibowo
and Cristian acquire a unit and to sell it for a profit as and when the
opportunity arose. Shortly afterwards, Wibowo contacted Cristian again with
news that there was a second unit at another condominium under construction
called Parc Mondrian.

42 On 7 December 2010, Cristian arranged for the transfer of S$607,700 to
Wibowo. Subsequently, on 23 December 2010, Denny transferred S$450,000 to
Wibowo. In the same month, Denny remitted further sums to Wibowo via the use
of money changers in Indonesia and Singapore. In total, Wibowo and Isabelle
accept that they had received S$1,232,270.19 into their joint DBS account. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at paras 55–56; Isabelle’s AEIC at para 23.

43 On 4 April 2011, Wibowo sent Cristian a new proposal by email to convert
the investment in Oasis Garden and Parc Mondrian into a single joint
investment in a cluster bungalow project said to be worth S$10.5m (“the
Cluster Bungalow Email”). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Cristian’s AEIC at para 29, Exhibit CPY-5 (p 56–57).

In brief, the email sets out the price of land (16,000 sq ft) as being
S$10.5m. The project was for a minimum of four houses but with an intention to
build six to eight houses. The construction cost for each house was estimated
to be between S$700,000 and S$1,000,000. Figures were also provided for, inter
alia, house design cost, documentation. The estimated selling price was
between S$4,600,000 and S$5,300,000 based on the then prevailing market value
and size. It is not disputed that nothing came out of this proposal. I pause
to note that the parties disagree on why this email was sent and its purpose.

Cristian’s, Denny’s and Nila’s account

44 Cristian’s evidence is that he discussed the investments in Oasis Garden
and Parc Mondrian with Denny who expressed interest in joining. The pair then
decided that they would enter into a joint investment which was structured as
follows: the investment in Oasis Garden would be made in the joint names of
Nila and Isabelle, whereas the investment in Parc Mondrian would be made in
the joint names of Denny and Isabelle. Each investor would have a half share
in the relevant property. Cristian asserts that Wibowo was informed about and
agreed to Denny’s participation in the joint investment. According to
Cristian, he forwarded to Denny emails from Wibowo containing the details of
the joint investments and left Denny to make the necessary arrangements to
effect the payments required for his investment in Parc Mondrian.

45 Cristian also gave evidence that in reliance on Wibowo’s representations on
the joint investment for the purchase of the Oasis Garden unit, he and Nila
flew to Singapore on 7 December 2010. They were met at the airport by Wibowo
and Isabelle and taken to a “Bak Kut Teh” restaurant for lunch. During lunch,
they signed some documents that were purportedly for the purchase of the unit.
They then proceeded to Credit Suisse bank to effect the transfer of the sum of
$607,700 to a DBS Bank account jointly held by Wibowo and Isabelle. Cristian
also asserted that he provided to Wibowo copies of his and Nila’s passports
that were said to be for the purchase of the unit.

46 As for Denny, he claims to have flown to Singapore on 23 December 2010 to
sign documents pertaining to his investment in Parc Mondrian. He claims that
he was told to sign certain documents that he assumed was for his investment.
Denny also effected a transfer of S$450,000 to Wibowo for his share of the
investment on the same day.

47 Cristian’s evidence was also that Wibowo subsequently made contact with him
in June 2011, informing him that a Malaysian buyer had been found for the unit
at Oasis Garden. According to Cristian, he understood that he and Nila had to
come to Singapore to sign documents relating to the sale of Oasis Garden.
Nila’s evidence was that she went back to Singapore on 15 June 2011 and stayed
at the Chuan. According to her, Wibowo and Isabelle came to her flat late at
night on 20 June 2011 and obtained her signature on certain documents that
were purportedly for the sale of the unit at Oasis Garden. Her understanding
was that Wibowo needed the documents signed urgently because he was leaving
very shortly for Malaysia by coach or bus to meet the buyer. Nila’s evidence
was that she signed quite a few documents – the language of the documents was
English and some pages that she signed were either partially blank or wholly
blank.

48 Cristian asserts that he arrived in Singapore on 21 June 2011 and met
Wibowo and Isabelle by the swimming pool at the Lorong Chuan condominium late
at night. Cristian was also asked to sign some documents. The evidence was
that the lighting at the poolside was poor and Cristian simply signed where he
was asked to sign, thinking that these documents related to the sale of Oasis
Garden. A cashier’s order for S$7,250 was given to Cristian. Cristian’s
understanding was that this represented his half share of the Malaysian
buyer’s deposit. Whilst it might appear odd that Cristian should meet Wibowo
at the poolside, the evidence is that Wibowo and Cristian often did this for
discussions over cigarettes. According to Cristian, his understanding from
Wibowo was that the sale transaction for Oasis Garden would be completed by
end of July 2011. He claims that he was also told that Wibowo would provide
copies of the documents that had just been signed. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NOE 17 November 2015 p 16 line 3–9.

49 According to Cristian, sometime in August 2011, he came across an
Indonesian news report that Kweh and Landy were being sought by the Indonesian
authorities for questioning on a suspected fraud. After discussions with
Denny, it was decided that Cristian should send a strongly-worded email to
Wibowo setting out their concerns. The email, written in Bahasa Indonesia,
dated 24 September 2011, was sent to Isabelle’s email address. The email
referred to the investment in property and the car and asked for a meeting to
sort matters out. Specific reference was made in this email to Denny’s
interest in the joint investment. The urgency is apparent from the tone of the
email: 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Cristian’s AEIC Exhibit CPY-7 (p 71).

To Wibowo

I have to write this email because it is very difficult to contact you.

I am not sure whether you (wi) are too busy to return my call or you (WI) are
hiding something from me.

What is it Wi??? I really trust you. Look at all the transactions. I have even
heard of the negative condition of your family in Surabaya, but I still trust
you. I still worked with you and even bought an apartment + car using your
name.

Honestly speaking I felt embarrassed and bad regarding Uncle Denny when his
father wanted to stay in the apartment but I did not hear anything from you.

…

Let us have a meeting or somehow resolve this matter.

In the future we can still be engaged in other businesses.

I myself do not believe that you are avoiding me.

Uncle Denny keeps pushing me. Please do not embarrass me.

because when I get embarrassed, I be unreasonable.

Thanks wi.

50 On 30 September 2011, Isabelle replied Cristian stating that Wibowo was
only free to meet Cristian on 1 November 2011 in Singapore. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NOE 25 February 2016 p 19 line 16–p 20 line 5; AB pp 196–197.

Cristian followed this with emails on 20 and 24 October 2011 asking for
confirmation of the meeting on 1 November 2011. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Cristian’s AEIC at para 38; Exhibit CPY-7 (p 74–75).

On 30 October 2011, Cristian’s evidence is that he flew to Singapore together
with Bonardo Pardonuan (“Bonardo”), his Indonesian lawyer and another
individual referred to as Suraya, who apparently also had a small share in the
Oasis Garden investment. The meeting with Wibowo did not materialise.
Subsequently, it appears that Cristian, Nila and Denny visited Singapore from
1 to 7 December 2011. During this visit, they assert that they paid visits to
Oasis Garden and Parc Mondrian in an attempt to discover whether any units
were in their names or the names of Wibowo or Isabelle. They found out that no
units were registered under any of those names. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Cristian’s AEIC at para 39; Denny’s AEIC at para 19.

Cristian claims that thereafter, he sent an SMS to Isabelle sometime in
December 2011 asking for urgent responses on Parc Mondrian for the sake of
Denny and Denny’s father. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NOE 18 November 2015 p 34 line 5–p 37 line 20; Cristian’s AEIC at para 39,
Exhibit CPY-8 (p 77–80).

51 Overall, Cristian’s and Nila’s evidence is that between the 20 and 21 June
2011 meetings at the Chuan and the end of December 2011, it was hard to
communicate directly with Wibowo on the investments. That said, there is no
dispute that Cristian/Nila and Wibowo/Isabelle did in fact meet in Bali in
July 2011. The purpose of the Bali trip was never made clear – although it
seems to have been made in connection with another large property/resort
venture in Bali that had arisen for discussion. July 2011, of course, was the
month when Cristian’s understanding was that the sale of Oasis Garden would be
completed. Thereafter, the evidence of Cristian/Nila is that there was no more
face-to-face contact with Wibowo/Isabelle.

Wibowo’s and Isabelle’s account

52 In stark contrast to Cristian’s and Denny’s account, Wibowo’s case is that
whilst he did propose a joint investment in Oasis Garden and Parc Mondrian to
Cristian, the agreement never materialised. His evidence was that his parents,
when consulted by him, instructed him not to enter into any joint investment
with Cristian. Wibowo’s recollection as to when he was instructed by his
parents was hazy. Inconsistent dates were provided as to when he discussed the
matter with his parents, although he eventually stated that it was after he
had sent the 27 November 2010 emails in which he summarised the purchase
schedule and price for Oasis Garden and Parc Mondrian. Wibowo’s position is
that the emails of 27 November 2010 were just for the purpose of providing
information to Cristian. The emails were not evidence that a joint investment
with Cristian and Denny had been agreed. Wibowo’s evidence is that neither he
nor Isabelle in fact purchased units at Oasis Garden or Parc Mondrian. Wibowo
and Isabelle categorically deny meeting Cristian and Nila at all on 7 December
2010 (see [45] above).

53 When asked to explain why Cristian did in fact transfer funds to Wibowo,
including the S$607,700 that Cristian said was for his half share investment
in Oasis Garden, Wibowo’s response was that Cristian had agreed with Kweh that
he would repay the debt by transferring monies to Wibowo. The total sum of
S$1,232,270.19 was transferred to his account. Although this figure matches
the amount referred to in the 27 November 2010 email for the half share in the
investment in Oasis Garden and Parc Mondrian, Wibowo’s position is that this
was in fact a part-payment of the debt owed.

54 Wibowo also denies that he was ever informed that Denny was the investor
for Parc Mondrian. He also denies that he agreed to the arrangement. His
evidence is that he does not know Denny. Wibowo asserts that he agreed to meet
him at the airport on 23 December 2010 and to accompany him to Credit Suisse
only as a favour for Cristian. He claims that he was only dealing with
Cristian as far as he was concerned. Whilst he met Denny on 23 December 2010
and Denny in fact transferred S$450,000 to Wibowo on that day, his evidence is
that he does not know why Denny made that transfer. He postulates that
Cristian may have asked Denny to do this as a further part-payment of the
debt.

55 Wibowo’s and Isabelle’s position is that they did not meet Nila at all on
the night of 20 June 2011. However, they claim to have met Cristian in the
morning on 21 June 2011 (instead of at night as alleged by Cristian). In order
to prove that he had left Singapore by the evening of 21 June 2011, Wibowo
produced copies of the relevant pages of his passport with the date stamps.
This was only done very late in the day and during the course of the trial. It
was also very surprising, because Wibowo had previously explained that he was
unable to produce his old passport (covering the period) as it had been taken
or seized by the authorities in Indonesia. Yet, when production of the
passport was to his advantage, he was able to produce it overnight.

56 Wibowo further asserts that nothing was signed at the meeting on 21 June
2011 although the cashier’s order was handed over, but for a rather different
reason namely that the sum represented the money due to Cristian in respect of
the sale and transfer of the Chuan and the settlement of the debt to Kweh.

57 Wibowo initially claimed that he did not receive the emails and text
messages that were sent to him by Cristian through Isabelle. This includes the
email of 24 September 2011 when Cristian was asking for a meeting to resolve
matters (see [49] above). Eventually, under cross-examination, Wibowo accepted
that he did use Isabelle’s email account from time to time and that he did
have access to her email. Wibowo accepts that Isabelle did inform him that
Cristian had sent an email for him to her email account. He however asserts
that Isabelle did not understand the email as it was in Bahasa Indonesia and
further he did not bother checking the email himself. Neither did he bother
getting in touch with Cristian to find out what was on his mind.
Paradoxically, Wibowo claimed that he was talking a lot to Cristian at the
time on his Blackberry and that he was getting tired of Cristian’s questions.
I state for completeness that documentary evidence of these alleged Blackberry
conversations was not placed before the court; Wibowo’s evidence is that he
has changed his phone and no longer has his Blackberry. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NOE 17 February 2016 p 61 line 14–19; p 90 line 10–12

58 I note also that in their affidavits of evidence-in-chief (“AEICs”), Wibowo
and Isabelle explained that during this period (sometime on or around 30
September 2011) Wibowo was out of Singapore. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at para 122(a); Isabelle’s AEIC at para 61(a).

Wibowo denied that he was trying to avoid Cristian. Subsequently, Wibowo’s
evidence changed and he asserted that he was in fact in Singapore during this
time and staying at Sentosa without Isabelle. This change of evidence took
place after Wibowo’s passport was entered into evidence.

59 The passport showed that Wibowo was in Singapore during this period. When
asked to explain why Isabelle also stated that he was out of Singapore, his
answer was simple. He had lied to her. Their marriage was going through
problems at that time and he was in fact staying at Sentosa with a friend and
without her knowledge. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NOE 26 February 2016 p 81 line 14–p 82 line 6.

60 Wibowo asserted in cross-examination that he did in fact meet Cristian in
Singapore on 31 October 2011. The meeting was said to have taken place outside
his Dunsfold property. At this meeting, Cristian is said to have handed over a
statutory declaration connected with an application for a RCOT for the Chuan.
This time, it is Cristian who denies that any such meeting took place. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NOE 18 November 2015 p 41 line 18–p 43 line 25.

Whether the Chuan had been fraudulently transferred

61 It is not in dispute that the Chuan was transferred to Kweh. The transfer
was effected by way of a RCOT that was allegedly applied for by Cristian and
Nila as they had allegedly misplaced the original certificate of title
(“COT”). Toh acted for Cristian and Nila in the application for the RCOT.
Thereafter, he acted for Kweh (as the buyer) in the transfer of the Chuan.
Tan, on the other hand, acted for Cristian and Nila (as the sellers) in the
transfer of the Chuan. It will be convenient to begin with the story from the
perspective of Wibowo and Isabelle.

Wibowo’s and Isabelle’s account

62 Wibowo’s evidence was that by February or March 2011, he was informed by
Kweh that the debt owed by Cristian had been reduced to about S$1.793m 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at para 58; NOE 18 February 2016 p 25 line 3– p 26 line 23.

and was to be satisfied by the transfer of the Chuan to Kweh by 31 December
2011. Nila was said to have signed a cheque for S$1.793m which Kweh was to
encash if the transfer was not made. A handwritten note by Kweh was said to
have been signed by Nila, recording the purpose of this cheque.

63 Wibowo asserts that Kweh had in late May or early June 2011 requested
Wibowo to assist in the transfer of the Chuan. In June 2011, Wibowo contacted
Toh to handle the transfer of the Chuan to Kweh. Wibowo knew Toh as he had
acted for Wibowo in respect of other conveyancing matters. Toh was told the
background and purpose of the transfer. This was followed by two emails on 10
June 2011 attaching soft copies of Cristian’s and Nila’s passports.

64 What follows is a brief time-line of events leading up to completion of the
transfer of the Chuan to Kweh. The time-line sets out the key events in broad
terms mainly as asserted by Wibowo. Where relevant, the case asserted by Toh
and Tan is also briefly set out. The time-line is set out purely as a matter
of convenience to provide the scene for a more detailed analysis of the
evidence as a whole of the events and steps leading up to the conveyance.

(a) 14 June 2011: Toh prepared a draft sale and purchase agreement. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at para 69, Tab 23 (p 199).

(b) 15 June 2011: Wibowo emailed Toh and explained that whilst the debt was
now S$1.793m, the purchase price was agreed at S$1.8m. Toh advised that Wibowo
should not pay the balance due (S$7,250) until Toh’s further advice. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at paras 70–71, Tabs 24–25 (pp 200–206).

(c) 17 June 2011: Isabelle attends at Toh’s office and collects the undated
sale and purchase agreement and transfer documents marked with tabs indicating
where Kweh, Cristian and Nila were to sign. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at para 75.

(d) 21 June 2011: Wibowo hands Cristian a cashier’s order for S$7,250 which
Wibowo alleges represents the balance of the purchase price for the Chuan. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NOE 17 February 2016 p 7 line 9-–19.

Wibowo claimed to have done so in accordance with Kweh’s instructions. This
cheque was handed over at the Chuan. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at para 76.

(e) 21 June 2011: Wibowo and Cristian flew to Surabaya where they met Kweh.
The documents were passed to Kweh. The documents were to be signed before an
Indonesian notary public. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at para 77.

(f) 27 June 2011: Kweh returned the documents to Wibowo: the signed sales and
purchase agreement, transfer instrument and written statement confirming
receipt of S$1.793m by Cristian and Nila. The documents appear to have been
signed before one Hengki Budi Priyanto Putro (“Hengki”), purportedly an
Indonesian notary public. Wibowo returned to Singapore and passed the
documents to Toh. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at paras 78–80.

(g) Late June or early July 2011: Kweh informed Wibowo that Cristian had
misplaced the COT for the Chuan. Toh was alleged to have advised Wibowo that
Cristian/Nila can apply for a RCOT. Toh was prepared to assist in making this
application and asks Wibowo for Cristian’s contact details to make
arrangements. Thereafter, Wibowo claimed that he obtained from Cristian a
mobile number and the following email address: cristianyacob@ymail.com
(“Address A”). 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at paras 81–83.

(h) 3 July 2011: Wibowo sent an email from Isabelle’s email address to Toh
informing Toh of Cristian’s contact details. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at para 84.

(i) 7 July 2011: Toh sent an email to Isabelle asking Wibowo/Isabelle to
collect documents for the application for RCOT and the draft statutory
declaration to be signed by Cristian and Nila. A few days later, Wibowo gave
these to his friend, one Suteja Hartanto, to bring these back to Surabaya so
that Kweh could arrange for Cristian and Nila to sign before a notary public.
Thereafter, Kweh came to Singapore for a health checkup and passed the signed
documents back to Wibowo who passed them to Toh through Isabelle. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at paras 86–89.

(j) 20 September 2011: Toh made the RCOT application. The RCOT application was
rejected by the Singapore Land Authority (“SLA”) because the statutory
declaration did not set out enough information on how the original COT was
lost or misplaced. Toh’s staff informed Wibowo that more information is
required. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Toh’s AEIC at para 4.2.1; Wibowo’s AEIC at para 90.

I pause here to note that it was on 24 September 2011 that Cristian sent an
email to Wibowo at Isabelle’s email address requesting for a meeting as
Cristian was finding it hard to contact Wibowo (see [49] above).

(k) 18 October 2011: Wibowo emailed Toh, providing more information on how the
original COT was lost. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at para 90, Tab 35 (p 234); Toh’s AEIC at para 4.2.2.

(l) 20 October 2011: Toh emailed Wibowo, attaching a revised draft statutory
declaration for the RCOT application based on the additional information
given. Toh informed Wibowo that more details are required. Toh requested
Wibowo to ask Cristian to email Toh directly on the new application. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at paras 91; Tab 36 (p 236); Toh’s AEIC at para 4.2.5.

(m) 24 October 2011: Cristian provided more information on how the original
COT was lost in Surabaya by an email to Toh sent from
yacob.cristian@yahoo.co.id (“Address B”), 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Toh’s AEIC at Tab 11 (p 70).

an email address that was different from the one which Wibowo had provided
earlier (ie, Address A). This appears to be the first direct communication
between Toh and Cristian. According to Toh, his office sent back on the same
day to Address B a new or revised draft statutory declaration. Neither Wibowo
nor Isabelle were copied on this email.

(n) 25 October 2011: Isabelle attended at Toh’s office and collected the new
application for RCOT and a new statutory declaration. Wibowo passed these
documents to another friend in Singapore called Angkee who is said to live
near Kweh in Surabaya. Angkee was told to pass the same to Kweh for Cristian
and Nila to sign. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at paras 92-93

(o) Late October/Early November 2011: Wibowo asserted that he met Cristian
near his Dunsfold home. At this meeting, Cristian handed to Wibowo, the second
application for RCOT and second statutory declaration. These appear to have
been signed before Ali Husein, another Indonesian notary public. Wibowo handed
the documents to Toh a few days later. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at para 94.

(p) 2 December 2011: The SLA issued the RCOT and sent a letter to the Chuan
notifying Cristian and Nila of the same. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at para 96; Toh’s AEIC at para 4.2.16.

Cristian’s and Nila’s evidence is that they never received this letter. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NOE 19 November 2015 p 63 line 13–p 72 line 9; NOE 25 March 2015 p 14 line
10–p 15 line 7

(q) 7 December 2011: Toh’s evidence is that he had earlier provided Tan with
Address B and yacob.cristian@yahoo.com.id (“Address C”) as the email addresses
at which Tan could make contact with Cristian. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Tan’s AEIC at para 14; NOE 1 March 2016 p 83 line 3–p 87 line 21 (Toh).

Tan’s evidence is that he emailed a draft Letter of Authority and a draft
Sales and Purchase agreement to both email addresses on 7 December 2011, but
received a failure notice in respect of the email sent to Address C. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Tan’s AEIC at para 21.

According to Tan, on either 6 or 7 December 2011, Toh informed him that Wibowo
was about to visit Indonesia to meet Cristian, Nila and Kweh. Tan then emailed
the very same Letter of Authority to Toh to be handed to Wibowo and brought to
Indonesia by Wibowo for Cristian to sign. Pausing here, it is to be noted that
Cristian and Nila were in Singapore from 1 December 2011 to 7 December 2011.
57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NOE 18 November 2015 p 22 line 13–16 (Cristian); NOE 26 March 2015 p 29 line
6–22 (Nila).

(r) 10 December 2011: Wibowo collected the Letter of Authority from Toh’s
office and sends the same to Kweh by courier. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at para 97.

I note however that the date when Wibowo actually collected the Letter of
Authority is unclear. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Toh’s Supplementary AEIC (“SAEIC”) at para 4.2.5–4.2.6.

Wibowo’s case is that Kweh arranged for Cristian and Nila to sign the Letter
of Authority before a notary public. The Letter of Authority was then sent
back to Wibowo who passed it on to Toh. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at para 97.

For completeness, Tan’s recollection is that he received the Letter of
Authority from Toh around 22 December 2011. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NOE 2 March 2016 at p1 lines 18–24.

(s) 12 December 2011: According to Tan, an email was sent to him from Address
B which appeared to be from Cristian. The email did not mention either the
Letter of Authority or Sale and Purchase Agreement. It simply stated: 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Tan’s AEIC at Tab 5 (p 33).

Dear Tan

Informasi [sic] I recevie [sic] is correct. Property fully paid. Thanks.

Yacob

(t) 23 December 2011: Tan’s case is that he sent an email to Cristian at
Address B asking for confirmation that he was agreeable to proceed to an
earlier completion. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Tan’s AEIC at Tab 8 (p 49).

(u) 27 December 2011: Tan’s evidence is that he received a short email from
Address B confirming early completion and volunteering details of Cristian’s
and Nila’s birthday. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Tan’s AEIC at Tab 9 (p 53).

(v) 28 December 2011: The transfer of the Chuan to Kweh was completed. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at para 98; Tan’s AEIC at para 30.

Cristian’s and Nila’s account

65 Cristian and Nila take the position that they were victims of an elaborate
fraud and they claim that they never intended to transfer the Chuan to Kweh.
Their position is that Address B is a fake and was likely created and operated
by Wibowo and/or Isabelle. In any case, they say that Addresses A and B are
both spurious in that they do not belong to Cristian. According to them,
Cristian’s only actual email address is the address used by him in the emails
with Wibowo and Isabelle that have been discussed earlier. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at paras 221 and 226.

66 Further, Nila denies any knowledge of the cheque that was purportedly
signed by her and the note accompanying the cheque (referred to above at
[62]). I note that Cristian’s and Nila’s evidence is that when they gained
access to the Chuan after discovering the transfer to Kweh, a number of their
personal items, including their cheque book, were missing. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Cristian’s AEIC at para 68; Nila’s AEIC at para 48.

My findings

67 I begin with the observation that Cristian and Wibowo were on friendly
terms. Cristian is very much older and has much more business experience than
Wibowo. Cristian was familiar with Wibowo’s parents having had business
dealings with them in Indonesia. There is some evidence that the first meeting
between the two couples at Lorong Chuan was facilitated by Wibowo’s parents.
Nila and Isabelle became acquainted through their husbands. The relationship
between Isabelle and Nila whilst cordial did not appear to be close because of
the asserted language barrier.

68 What follows in the paragraphs below is a more detailed discussion of the
evidence relating to the specific claims and issues. I should make clear at
the outset that the parties’ versions of the events and on what transpired are
by and large polar opposites on nearly all important points. The claims and
issues overlap. The assessment is made more difficult by the absence of
independent corroborating evidence. Counsel for the two couples have also
urged this court to bear in mind that the different claims and issues in the
Suits are related in that they arise out of a singular fraudulent intent to
cheat. Thus, for example, it is said that if the court believes and accepts
the evidence of one side in relation to one claim (such as in respect of the
car), this must directly impact the assessment of the creditability for the
other claims as well. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PCS at paras 1, 3; Wibowo/Isabelle closing submissions (“WCS”) at para 12.

My findings on whether Cristian was indebted to Kweh

69 Having considered all the facts and evidence, I find that Cristian was not
indebted to Kweh for the said IDR 22.5 billion. The evidence on the loan by
Haryono to Kweh and the drawdown by Cristian of the loan by Kweh to Cristian
is based almost entirely on the testimony of Wibowo which, in my view, was
highly unsatisfactory. As will be elaborated on below, certain aspects of
Wibowo’s evidence appear to be at odds with the conduct of the parties at the
material time. In addition, the documentary evidence said to support the
existence of the debt was “dubious” to say the least. I am unable to accord
much (if any) weight to them.

70 At the outset, I note that Wibowo accepts that he was not present at any
meetings or discussions between Haryono and Kweh or between Kweh and Cristian.
He claims that all his knowledge on the loan and debt is from what he was told
by his father, Kweh. No other witnesses testified in support of Wibowo and the
pleaded case on the debt. Neither Haryono (who allegedly provided the funds to
Kweh that had been on-lent to Cristian) nor Landy (who was originally listed
as a witness) testified before this court. The failure of Landy to testify is
especially puzzling as Kweh’s signed statement asserts that Landy had
knowledge of the loan or debt. As for Haryono, it was said that the reason for
his absence from the proceedings was simply that he did not want to get
involved. I note in passing that Haryono was actually in the public gallery of
the courtroom on 19 February 2016. The court was only informed of this on 20
February 2016 when he apparently had already left Singapore. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NOE 19 February 2016 p 5 line 10–18.

71 Secondly, there is no written document or other independent evidence on the
loan provided by Haryono to Kweh, even though the loan was supposedly secured
by a large number of post-dated cheques signed by Kweh, to be encashed by
Haryono only if Kweh was late in making the scheduled repayments. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at para 51; Tab 16.

There is also a notebook that was said to have been discovered after Kweh’s
death and written by Kweh that records the alleged drawdowns by Cristian, and
one of the pages from the notebook was exhibited in Wibowo’s AEIC. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at para 49(c)–(d); Tabs 14–15.

However, the note was undated and there was no expert or independent
confirmation that it was indeed written by Kweh. The notebook was not referred
to in Kweh’s statement taken at Rajah & Tann. In these circumstances, even if
I was minded to ignore the hearsay rule, the handwritten note carries little
to no weight.

72 I note that there was also a copy of a cheque signed by Nila for the sum of
S$1,792,750 attached to the statement prepared by Kweh sometime before his
death but after commencement of the actions (see above at [18]). The cheque
was drawn on a HSBC bank account in the names of Cristian and Nila. The name
of the payee was left blank and the cheque was undated. This cheque was said
to have been signed by Nila before Kweh on 25 May 2011. It was to be encashed
only if the Chuan was not conveyed to Kweh by end of 2011. Nila denies any
knowledge of the cheque. Kweh’s statement also refers to a note signed by Nila
on the same day. The note, which is written by hand in Bahasa Indonesia and
which purports to have been written by Kweh and signed by Nila, sets out the
purpose of the cheque as described above. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Isabelle’s SAEIC at p 12; Kweh’s statement at para 23.

No expert evidence was placed before the court as to the handwriting and
authenticity of Nila’s signature. In these circumstances, there is a real
doubt over the authenticity of the cheque and handwritten Bahasa Indonesia
note and I am as such unable to place any reliance on these documents.

73 Thirdly, as mentioned above, certain aspects of Wibowo’s evidence sit
uncomfortably with the parties’ conduct at the material time. Wibowo claimed
that his parents were adamant in October/November 2010 that there should be no
joint investment with Cristian in Singapore. In this light, it is curious, to
say the least, that Wibowo would engage Cristian with details of a cluster
bungalow project in Singapore in April 2011. This raises a serious question
over the veracity of his evidence. Further, it is rather surprising that in
July 2011, Wibowo would meet Cristian in Bali (with others) to discuss what
appears to have been an even more substantial property/resort project proposal
of Cristian’s. After all, at this time, Cristian still owed Kweh a
considerable amount of money which was only allegedly fully repaid by the
transfer of the Chuan at the end of 2011.

74 Moreover, Wibowo’s evidence was that by February or March 2011, he was
informed by his father that the debt owed by Cristian had been reduced to
S$1.793m. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at para 58; NOE 18 February 2016 p 25 line 3– p 26 line 23.

This is well before S 71/2012 was brought. Wibowo’s evidence, it will be
recalled, is that he did not know the details of the debt until after S
71/2012 was commenced. This does not appear to be the case. On the contrary,
there is some evidence that he appears to have known quite a number of
details. For example, in Wibowo’s email to Toh dated 15 June 2011 (sent from
Isabelle’s email address), details of the alleged loan instalments were
included. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NOE 18 February 2016 p 32 line 19 – p 33 line 20; Agreed Bundle (“AB”) 181–182
and Wibowo’s AEIC at paras 70 and 72.

75 Fourthly, I find it difficult to believe that Kweh would agree to such
haphazard repayments of the alleged loan. Wibowo’s and Isabelle’s case is that
the monies that were allegedly remitted to Wibowo for the purchase of the
vehicles (S$100,000 and S$140,100), a cheque that was made out for the road
tax and insurance on the E300 in 2011 (over S$5,484.50), the joint investments
in Oasis Garden and Parc Mondrian (several transfers of funds which totalled
S$1,232,270.19) as well as the transfer of the Chuan were intended to
discharge Cristian’s indebtedness to Kweh. The issue of Cristian’s alleged
indebtedness must also be viewed in light of the evidence that has been
adduced in respect of the alleged car arrangement and the joint investments.
As will be explained in the paragraphs that follow, I take the view that the
evidence was consistent with Cristian’s/Denny’s/Nila’s case that the transfers
of funds from Cristian to Wibowo were effected for the cars and the joint
investments as alleged by Cristian, rather than to satisfy the purported debt
to Kweh. At this juncture, it would suffice for me to briefly conclude that
Cristian was not indebted to Kweh in the manner alleged by Wibowo and
Isabelle.

My findings on whether Cristian paid for the cars

76 Having considered the evidence and the parties’ arguments, I find, on a
balance of probabilities, that Cristian had indeed remitted monies to Wibowo
for the acquisition of the Honda Accord and the E300.

(1) The first meeting between Cristian/Nila and Wibowo/Isabelle

77 A key factual dispute centred on when Cristian and Nila first met Wibowo
and Isabelle. If the couples only met after May 2008, it would be highly
unlikely that the Honda Accord was purchased pursuant to the alleged
arrangement as asserted by Cristian. This is because Cristian had purportedly
made a transfer of S$100,000 to Wibowo for the Honda Accord in April 2008. The
evidence of Cristian and Nila initially was that the meeting was around August
2008. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Cristian’s AEIC at paras 4–5; Nila’s AEIC at paras 3–4.

During cross-examination, Nila’s recollection was that the first meeting was
only around September 2008. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NOE 20 March 2015 p 47 line 11–21.

It was in her re-examination that Nila changed her mind and asserted that it
was April 2008. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NOE 30 March 2015 p 10 line 5–16.

Similarly, Cristian’s recollection of the date of their first meeting changed
to February or March 2008 during cross-examination. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NOE 9 November 2015 p 48 line 24– p 49 line 1.

On the other hand, Wibowo’s and Isabelle’s position was that the first meeting
only took place around June or July 2008.

78 Whilst the evidence of Cristian and Nila was inconsistent, the events did
take place a very long time ago and at a time when many things were happening
in the lives of both couples. Indeed, Nila’s statement that the first meeting
was in September 2008 was made after a lengthy period of cross-examination on
when the couple obtained the keys to the Chuan and when the children moved
into the Chuan. Nila appeared to be confused over the dates. In any case,
there is no dispute that S$100,000 was transferred to Wibowo’s and Isabelle’s
joint account in April 2008. This would be considerably before the couples
first met according to the time-line of Wibowo. Looking at the evidence as a
whole, I am satisfied that the couples did meet in Singapore sometime in
March/April 2008, before the transfer of the S$100,000.

79 To prove that Nila was indeed in Singapore between 2 April 2008 and 25
April 2008, counsel for the plaintiffs drew the court’s attention to a copy of
Nila’s old passport ([number redacted]) in his reply submissions. Counsel for
Wibowo and Isabelle strongly objects to this reference and the attachment of
the copy of the said passport on the basis that it was an improper attempt to
introduce evidence from the Bar. Counsel for the plaintiffs rightly and fairly
concedes that the copy of the old passport had not been formally admitted and
marked by an inadvertent omission but submits that the court could have regard
to the copy of the passport since it had been relied on in cross-examination.
Counsel also submits that the copy of the passport was in fact referred to
during the re-examination of Nila when she testified that she was in Singapore
for three weeks in April 2008.

80 I am unable to place much (if any) reliance on the passport pages that were
attached to the plaintiffs’ reply submissions. First, while two pages of
Nila’s old passport had been referred to in cross-examination, those pages
were different from those (bearing the entry and exit stamps) that counsel for
the plaintiff seeks to rely on. I reiterate that the pages that bore the exit
and entry stamps had not been disclosed and admitted into evidence. Further,
the cross-examination on Nila’s old passport proceeded on a completely
different point and mainly concerned the form and appearance of her signature,
and nothing more. I would also add that there was no dispute as to the
authenticity of the pages of Nila’s old passport that were relied on during
cross-examination as well as the fact that Nila did have an older passport
bearing the number [redacted].

(2) The evidence relating to the alleged car arrangement between Cristian/Nila
and Wibowo/Isabelle

81 The evidence in respect of the alleged agreement to have the cars in
Wibowo’s/Isabelle’s name, whilst thin, tends to support Cristian’s account.
The documentary evidence mainly comprises two SMS messages allegedly sent by
Wibowo to Cristian in respect of the E300. The first SMS message dated 9
September 2009 states: 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Plaintiffs’ Core Bundle (“PCB”) p 13.

Uncle at first gave me 30,000 + 110,000 = 140,000

I paid dp e-class 28,888.

Bid number 1,100, paid Eric 1,000. Paid for coe 12000. Balance of money 98k.

82 The second SMS message is dated 21 November 2010 and states: 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

PCB p 17.

Insurance: $3,075.50

Road tax: $2409

Altogether is $5484.50

For one year. Please write a check to Koh Teng Teng

83 As for the first SMS message, this was said to have been received by
Cristian on his Blackberry mobile on 9 September 2009. Subsequently, the
message was forwarded to a solicitor at Lee & Lee who was assisting in the
case. Cristian asserts that he is unable to exhibit the original message that
he received because his Blackberry data was lost when the mobile was being
repaired in December 2013. For this reason, Cristian arranged to take a
photograph of the SMS message as it appeared on the Samsung phone of the Lee &
Lee solicitor to whom he had forwarded the message. The solicitor in question
has since left Lee & Lee. The difficulty with the first SMS is that neither
the Samsung nor Blackberry mobile phones was examined by the expert. The
solicitor to whom Cristian forwarded the message was not called to give
evidence. Given that Wibowo claims he has no memory of this SMS and does not
admit its authenticity, I am unable to attach any weight to this SMS.

84 In my view, the second SMS, whilst not conclusive, is consistent with the
evidence of Cristian. First, the authenticity and contemporaneity of this SMS
is supported by the expert report of Mr Tan Kah Leong. Second, the evidence of
Wibowo on the second SMS is unsatisfactory to say the least. While Wibowo
claimed that he would usually communicate with Cristian by Blackberry
Messenger Service, he had the means to send SMS messages if he desired since
he agreed when questioned that he had two mobile phones at the time: a
Blackberry and an iPhone. Further, his explanation that he may have sent the
second SMS because Cristian wanted to find out the cost for maintaining a car
like an E300 was unsatisfactory since it did not explain why he would ask
Cristian to make out a cheque to “Koh Teng Teng” (ie, Isabelle).

85 I am also not impressed by Wibowo’s explanation that Cristian had offered
to pay the road tax and insurance on the E300 for 2011 as a partial redemption
of the debt he owed to Kweh and that this was paid for by means of a cheque.
81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NOE 17 February 2016 p 59 line 12–p 60 line 8.

I have found earlier that the debt that Cristian allegedly owed to Kweh did
not exist. As I have earlier mentioned, given the size of the debt that
Cristian was said to owe Kweh, it is surprising that Kweh would agree to
accept repayments in such a haphazard manner. I reiterate that there is no
independent evidence to corroborate the alleged debt owed by Cristian to Kweh
or indeed of an arrangement whereby Cristian would send monies to Wibowo as
and when requested by Kweh for Wibowo’s own use and purposes.

86 Wibowo and Isabelle also question why Cristian should be so trusting as to
remit funds to Wibowo and allow the cars to be registered in his or Isabelle’s
name. After all, by all accounts, they had only recently met. Wibowo was a
young man. He was very much less experienced than Cristian. I am equally
unimpressed by this line of argument. Cristian knew Wibowo’s parents and it
appears that their first meeting was facilitated by Wibowo’s parents. When the
Honda Accord was bought, Wibowo and Isabelle had already acquired a unit of
their own at the Lorong Chuan condominium. Even though it seems that Wibowo
and Isabelle subsequently moved to the Dunsfold Road property, the evidence
was that this property was just across the road from the Lorong Chuan. Indeed,
Wibowo and Isabelle only sold their own unit at the Lorong Chuan condominium
in 2013, sometime after the purchase of the E300 in November 2009.

87 Counsel for Wibowo and Isabelle submits that the fact that neither Cristian
and Nila went to the showrooms to choose the cars or to conduct test drives is
inconsistent with their story that the Honda Accord and E300 were intended to
be their own. I disagree. Convenience aside, the fact that the Honda Accord
and E300 were bought in the names of Wibowo and then Isabelle must be seen in
the context that Wibowo was a car aficionado with considerable experience in
buying and selling cars. Between 2008 and 2012, Wibowo bought, sold and owned
some 12 cars including: a Honda Odyssey, a Lexus SC 430, a BMW X6, a Mercedes
ML 350, a Mercedes S350, a Mercedes S300, a Nissan GTR, a Mini Cooper S, a
Honda S 2000, a Fiat Diablo, a Land Rover Discovery and a Range Rover Evoque.
82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NOE 17 February 2016 p 19 line 16–p 30 line 7; PCB p 16

Many of these cars were registered in Isabelle’s name apparently because this
was advantageous for insurance and other reasons. Whilst there is no evidence
that Isabelle’s name was used for this purpose in the case of the Honda Accord
and E300, the simple point is that the couples (especially the husbands) were
on friendly terms at the material time.

88 Further, whilst it may be “curious” as to why Cristian decided to upgrade
the Honda Accord to the much more expensive E300 after only a year of light
usage, on balance, I accept Cristian’s evidence that the decisions were made
in the manner that they were said to have been made. Registration of the cars
in Wibowo’s (the Honda Accord) and Isabelle’s names (the E300) was as a matter
of convenience. I add that whilst the precise sequence of the purchases of the
Mercedes S350, S300 and E300 is a little unclear, it does appear that on
Wibowo’s own version of events, he and Isabelle acquired the E300 at about the
same time when they were buying the S350. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NOE 17 February 2016 p22 line 17-p23 line 4; p55 line 4 -19; p.71 line 12-15.

My findings on whether Cristian and Denny had paid monies to Wibowo pursuant
to the alleged joint investment

89 Before delving into the facts proper, it will be useful to bear in mind
that Wibowo and Isabelle accept that they had received a total of
S$1,232,270.19 into their joint DBS account but claim that these monies were
paid pursuant to the alleged loan owed by Cristian to Kweh. However, as I have
found that the alleged loan did not exist, much of Wibowo’s and Isabelle’s
defence falls away. Further, I note that the evidence in this regard tends to
support Cristian’s and Denny’s case that the monies were paid to Wibowo
pursuant to the joint investment. In particular, I find that Wibowo was, at
all material times, apprised of Denny’s involvement in the joint investment,
and that Cristian, Nila and Denny had signed documents that were purportedly
for the purpose of the joint investments in Oasis Garden and Parc Mondrian.

(1) The documentary evidence and the payments

90 In my judgment, the correspondence between the parties as well as the
conduct of the parties suggest that the parties had entered into the joint
investments as alleged by Cristian and Denny.

91 I begin with the joint investment proposal that is set out in an email sent
by Wibowo to Cristian at 8.41pm on 27 November 2010. The email was written in
Bahasa Indonesia and has been translated as follows: 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

AB p 154.

Detail of Properties:

1\. Oasis Garden

developed by Kheng Leong Co. Total units: 134

full condo facilities.

FREEHOLD

Size: 1227 sqft, asking: 1,280,000 million

selling price: 1,180,000 million

psf: $961.695

$1,180,000 + $35,400 (3% tax) = $1,215,400

$1,215,400:2 = $607,700

2\. Parc Mondrian

Full condo facilities

FREEHOLD

Size: 1184 sqft, asking: $1,293,000 million

Selling price: 1,238,000

psf: $1045.61

$1,238,000 + $37,140 (3% tax)= $1,275,140

$1,275,140: 2 = $637,570

the 2nd one is close to ama american school. opening next year.

92 Some two hours later, Wibowo sent out a second email (also in Bahasa
Indonesia) with the payment terms and schedule. This email suggested a degree
of urgency in meeting the payment schedule which suggests that an agreement
between the parties had already been concluded. This email states: 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

AB p 156

1% for deposit, from 27 november

1 week later, 4%

The following 1 week 3% tax (stamp duty – transfer of name)

4 weeks, the remaining.

This is only the estimated schedule, it can be earlier. We would like to sell
quickly and notarial process should proceed faster, therefore, we have to
present cheque in full amount to the notary public. We cannot afford to be
late, if we are late, we will be subject to interest payment

wahh it’s not easy to translate English to Indonesian

93 The plan was to put the properties in the names of Nila and Isabelle. I
note that only brief details are provided in the above emails. Cristian
responded with a short reply which was translated as follows: 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

AB p 160

Hahaha, you have to speak Indonesian. You come from here anyway. Ok, I will
forward it.

According to Cristian, by saying that he “will forward” the emails, he meant
that he would send the same to Denny. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NOE 12 November 2015 p 60 line 3–11; PCB p 59.

94 Aside from the above emails which were sent on 27 November 2010, there are
no other documents relevant to the joint investment agreement or the
discussions on Oasis Garden or Parc Mondrian. There is certainly no written
joint investment agreement. Wibowo submits that the emails simply set out
basic information for discussion purposes only. Cristian and Denny’s case is
that the quoted words from the second email above suggest a degree of urgency
in meeting the payment schedule and that this is consistent with their
assertion that an agreement had already been made. I agree. The two emails at
the very least strongly suggest that there was a clear understanding already
over the key terms of the agreement.

95 Even if there is doubt (arising from the above emails) as to whether the
joint investment remained a proposal or had crystallised as an agreement, the
fact that Cristian subsequently provided his share of the investment in Oasis
Garden in the sum of S$607,700 (as calculated in Wibowo’s first email on 27
November 2010 referred to above at [91]) puts it beyond doubt that there was a
firm agreement between Cristian and Wibowo to invest in Oasis Garden. As for
Denny, there were numerous payments that made up his share of the investment
in Parc Mondrian and I accept Denny’s case that those monies were paid over to
Wibowo pursuant to the joint investment. In short, the fact that the correct
sums were provided by Cristian and Denny is clear evidence supporting their
case that a firm agreement had been reached with Wibowo.

96 Further evidence that the parties had entered into the joint investment may
be found in the Cluster Bungalow Email. In brief, the email sets out the price
of land (16,000 sqft) as being S$10.5m. The project was for a minimum of four
houses but with an intention to build six to eight houses. The construction
cost for each house was estimated at S$700,000 – S$1,000,000. Figures were
also provided for house design cost, documentation, etc. The estimated selling
price was S$4,600,000 – S$5,300,000 based on current market value and size.
For convenient reference, the email stated, inter alia: 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

PCB p 80.

Selling price of oasis garden condo $1,500,000

Selling price of Parc Mondrian condo $1,800,000

within 4 weeks, the money from the condos shall be returned to us, at the most
8 weeks (document is complete)

payment scheme: $10,500,000 in cash to be entitled for

credit minimum 70%

credit will be arranged within 3 weeks at the quickest, or at the latest
within 2 months

You will not lose money building a landed house uncle, although property price
may drop for the condo market but it will remain stable and even climb for
landed property.

Thank you

97 In my view, the email on its face is also consistent with some sort of
investment in Oasis Garden and Parc Mondrian having been entered into and
which Wibowo was now proposing to replace with a landed property investment.
Contrary to Wibowo’s assertion that he was simply giving Cristian information
to help Cristian source for potential investors for the cluster bungalow
project, the natural interpretation of the email is that Cristian was indeed
being asked to move out of condominium-based investments and into a landed
project proposal. In any case, even if Cristian had asked for detailed
information on the cluster bungalow project, this does not explain why
references are made in the same email to Oasis Garden and Parc Mondrian.

98 It is also noted that Wibowo does not appear to have sent any email or SMS
or Blackberry message to Cristian advising him that the investment proposal
had been withdrawn. Instead, what we have is a bare assertion that Kweh spoke
to Cristian around the time and sought repayment of the debt from Cristian.
There is also a bare assertion that on an unspecified date, Wibowo spoke to
Cristian and they agreed to abort the joint investment.

(2) The meetings between Cristian/Nila and Wibowo/Isabelle in December 2010

99 As mentioned already, Cristian’s and Nila‘s evidence is that they flew to
Singapore on 7 December 2010 to sign documents pertaining to the investment in
Oasis Garden. Cristian and Nila claimed that they met Wibowo and Isabelle on
that day. Over lunch at a “Bak Kut Teh” restaurant, they were presented with
numerous documents (drafted in English) to sign and were told that these
related to the investment in Oasis Garden. They claimed to have signed without
reading the documents and copies of these documents were not provided to them.
Cristian also asserts that he handed copies of his and Nila’s passports for
the purpose of the investment at the 7 December 2010 meeting. Thereafter, the
parties went to Credit Suisse where Cristian arranged for the transfer of
S$607,700 to Wibowo representing his half share of the investment in the
acquisition of Oasis Garden. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Cristian’s AEIC at para 23; PCB pp 44–45.

100 While there were inconsistencies in the evidence of Cristian and Nila (in
cross-examination and re-examination) as to the details of what transpired
(how many documents or pages were signed, etc), I accept Cristian’s and Nila’s
evidence that they met Wibowo and Isabelle on 7 December 2010 and had signed
documents that were purportedly for their investment in Oasis Garden. First,
although Wibowo and Isabelle aver that no meeting took place on 7 December
2010, I note that Cristian’s passport shows that he did indeed enter Singapore
on 7 December 2010 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NOE 20 March 2015 p 72 line 15–p 73 line18; PCB p 60 (Cristian’s passport
pages).

and this is consistent with his assertion that the 7 December 2010 meeting
took place. Secondly, Cristian’s evidence that he was subsequently informed
that the copy of Nila’s passport was of poor quality is also supported by his
subsequent sending of a new scanned copy of Nila’s passport by email on 10
December 2010. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NOE 20 November 2015 p 3 line 3–13; Exhibit P-7; PCB pp 49–50.

Thirdly, Cristian’s evidence is also consistent with the fact that the
transfer of $607,700 to Wibowo and Isabelle took place on 7 December 2010.

(3) The 23 December 2010 meeting between Wibowo and Denny

101 According to Denny, whose evidence I accept, he flew to Singapore to sign
the papers relating to Parc Mondrian on 23 December 2010. Denny asserts that
he had confirmed the position with Wibowo and arrangements were made for him
to meet Wibowo in Singapore. He was also met at the airport by Wibowo where he
signed documents that he also assumed related to the investment. Thereafter,
he was taken to Credit Suisse to effect payment. Denny’s evidence is that he
transferred S$450,000 to Wibowo on 23 December 2010 as part-payment of his
share. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Denny’s AEIC at para 7; NOE 18 March 2015 p 75 line 10–16; p 76 line 18–p 77
line 6.

The balance of his share was paid by monies transferred from Indonesia through
money changers in Indonesia and Singapore to Wibowo. Whilst the evidence as to
how these funds were transferred was confused and poorly documented, I note
that Wibowo accepted that it was common practice for Indonesians to send
monies to Singapore through middlemen and money changers. As in the case of
Oasis Garden, Denny was not provided with copies of what he had signed.

102 At this juncture, it is apposite to address Wibowo’s claim that he was
unaware of Denny’s involvement in the joint investments. Cristian asserts that
he had made it clear to Wibowo in telephone communications that Denny was his
partner and would invest in Parc Mondrian with Wibowo. Whilst the evidence as
to what was said or agreed is thin, I am of the view that the evidence on the
whole supports the position taken by Cristian and Denny.

103 It is clear that Denny did come to Singapore on 23 December 2010. It is
also not in dispute that Denny was met by Wibowo at the airport and that
Wibowo had accompanied Denny to Credit Suisse on the same day. Wibowo’s
position is that he did not know Denny. He claims that he agreed to meet Denny
at the airport and to accompany Denny to Credit Suisse as a favour to
Cristian. I find his explanation to be unconvincing. Further, the undisputed
fact that Denny transferred S$450,000 to Wibowo from the Credit Suisse account
maintained by Pacific Heights (the British Virgin Islands company owned by
Cristian and Denny) on 23 December 2010 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NOE 16 February 2016 p 67 line 21–p 68 line 10.

is further evidence that Wibowo knew of Denny’s involvement in the joint
investment. In addition, there are also subsequent emails or messages sent by
Cristian to Wibowo (which will be referred to later) which are also consistent
with Denny’s involvement in the joint investment.

(4) The events thereafter.

104 I am of the view that the subsequent correspondence between the parties as
well as the conduct of the parties support Cristian’s and Denny’s version of
the story that they thought they had invested monies in Oasis Garden and Parc
Mondrian and were becoming frustrated at their unsuccessful attempts to
contact Wibowo between June/July 2011 and December 2011.

105 In June 2011, Wibowo is alleged to have made contact with Cristian with
news that a Malaysian buyer had been found for the unit at Oasis Garden. Even
though Oasis Garden was supposed to have been purchased in the joint names of
Isabelle and Nila, he was advised that under Indonesian law, it was best if he
also signed certain documents as he did not have a prenuptial agreement with
Nila. The nature of the documents and why they had to be signed by Cristian
because of Indonesian law was never made clear in the evidence. Cristian’s
evidence was that he understood that they had to come to Singapore to sign
documents relating to the sale of Oasis Garden.

106 The evidence as to the meetings of 20 June 2011 (Nila) and 21 June 2011
(Cristian) was thin and at times confused. Given the long time that has
elapsed since June 2011, it is again perhaps not surprising that there will be
lapses of memory. Wibowo and Isabelle, on the other hand, simply deny the
meeting of 20 June 2011. Wibowo and Isabelle claim that they met Cristian on
the morning of 21 June 2011. However, their claim is squarely contradicted by
an SMS dated 21 June 2011 at 6.08pm which Cristian claims was sent by
Isabelle. The SMS states that Wibowo would be returning that night and would
leave for Surabaya the next day. Although Isabelle has denied sending this
SMS, 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NOE 25 February 2016 p 17 line 10–p 19 line 8.

I am of the view that the SMS tends to support Cristian’s version of what
happened; it contradicts Wibowo’s testimony that he actually met Cristian in
Singapore on the morning of 21 June 2011 when he merely handed over the
cashier’s order.

107 My view is reinforced by the tone and contents of the emails sent by
Cristian to Wibowo nearer to the end of 2011. It will be recalled that
Cristian sent to Wibowo a strongly-worded email asking for a meeting to
resolve things. This email was referred to at [49] above. Whilst there was
considerable cross-examination as to why Cristian should choose to attempt
making contact with Wibowo by sending emails to Isabelle, it is clear that the
above email was in fact received by Isabelle. Isabelle’s evidence was confused
and hard to follow. At times, it appears that her evidence was that she did
not read this email or that she did not understand the email. However, the
fact remains that Isabelle replied on 30 September 2011 stating that Wibowo
was only free to meet Cristian on 1 November 2011 in Singapore. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NOE 25 February 2016 p 16–p 20 line 5; AB p 196–197.

Cristian followed up with emails on 20 and 24 October 2011 asking for
confirmation of the meeting on 1 November 2011. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Cristian’s AEIC at para 38; Exhibit CPY-7 (p 74–75).

108 On 30 October 2011, Cristian’s evidence is that he flew to Singapore
together with Bonardo, his Indonesian lawyer and another individual referred
to as Suraya, who apparently also had a small share in the Oasis Garden
investment. The meeting with Wibowo did not materialise. What is, perhaps,
even more surprising is that Wibowo asserted in cross-examination that he did
in fact meet Cristian in Singapore on 31 October 2011. At this meeting,
Cristian is said to have handed over a statutory declaration connected with an
application for a RCOT for the Chuan. Whilst Isabelle also made reference to a
meeting on 31 October 2011 outside their Dunsfold property, there is also
evidence that by early June 2011, Wibowo and Isabelle had already moved out of
the Dunsfold property to another residence at Jalan Angin Laut. This evidence
comprises Isabelle’s bank statements sent to Jalan Angin Laut in June 2011.
Isabelle’s explanation was that she had updated her address (for the bank
statements) before she actually moved to Jalan Angin Laut in September/October
2011. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NOE 25 February 2016 p 39 line 14–p 40 line 24.

This seems rather improbable. All in all, the evidence as to where Wibowo and
Isabelle were staying between June and October 2011 is vague or hard to
follow.

109 In the circumstances, bearing in mind the matters referred to above and
the evidence as a whole, it is hard to accept that such a meeting took place
and that Cristian handed over a statutory declaration. It is far more likely
that Cristian was in Singapore for the meeting that was supposed to take place
on 1 November 2011 and which clearly did not materialise.

110 Thereafter, Cristian’s evidence was that his attempts to contact Wibowo
were still unsuccessful. Cristian claims that he sent an SMS to Isabelle
sometime in December 2011 asking for urgent responses on Parc Mondrian for the
sake of Denny and Denny’s father. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NOE 18 November 2015 p 34 line 5–p 37 line 20; Cristian’s AEIC at para 39;
Exhibit CPY-8 (pp 77–80).

Isabelle’s position is that she has no knowledge at all of this SMS. Isabelle
points out that the date stamp for this SMS was 10 August 2009 which, of
course, is wholly inconsistent with the timeline. This SMS was sent by
Cristian on his Nokia mobile phone. This was the same mobile phone that had
been examined by the expert, Mr Tan Kah Leong. The expert’s report noted that
the Nokia phone had on many occasions reset itself back to the year 2009. The
resetting of the phone clock could have been the result of depletion of the
phone battery or the changing of the phone SIM card. Whilst the expert was not
able to determine when this SMS was actually sent, he concluded that there was
a possibility that the SMS was sent later than 2009. In any event, the
expert’s opinion was that there was no indication that the SMS messages on the
Nokia phone had been tampered with. Given that the message itself appears to
be genuine, the only explanation for the date stamp is that the Nokia phone
must have been reset in the manner indicated by the expert. After all, there
is no reason at all as to why such a message should have been sent by Cristian
to Isabelle in August 2009. The content only makes sense if it was sent
sometime after Parc Mondrian was constructed. Whilst it is unclear as to
exactly when the message was sent, the fact that such a message was sent at
all is at least consistent with the assertion that Denny thought he had an
interest of some sort in Parc Mondrian.

(5) The absence of formal agreements evidencing the joint investments

111 The explanation for the absence of a proper written joint investment
agreement was that everything is done under trust. By this, what was meant is
that an oral agreement was sufficient for the parties. Wibowo was the son of
an Indonesian businessman whom Cristian knew and had dealings with in the
past. Certainly, the tone of many of the emails or messages between Wibowo was
framed in a courteous manner, with Wibowo referring to Cristian as “uncle” on
several occasions. Whilst a proper written agreement or a more detailed email
would have avoided many of the difficulties of proof that have arisen, the
evidence of Cristian is that in Indonesia it is common practice for business
deals to be entered on an oral basis. Further, in the case of the business
arrangement between Denny and Cristian in Pacific Heights and the investment
in shares, there is also no written agreement as such. It appears that the
oral agreement was sufficient given the relationship and trust between
Cristian and Denny. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NOE 18 March 2015 p 80 line 4–12; NOE 19 March 2015 p 68 line 5–20.

In any event, after hearing the evidence of Cristian and Denny, I have no
reason to doubt that Cristian and Denny were indeed business (or investment)
partners in Singapore.

112 To conclude, I am persuaded, on the evidence before me, it is more likely
than not that Cristian, Denny and Wibowo had entered into a joint investment
in Oasis Garden and Parc Mondrian and Cristian and Denny had paid over monies
pursuant to the same.

My findings on whether the Chuan had been fraudulently transferred

113 To recapitulate, I have previously found that there is no sufficient proof
of the alleged debt. The existence of this debt is essential to the defence
presented by Wibowo and Isabelle. The “evidence” in support comprised largely
assertions of Wibowo based on what he was told by Kweh. The documentary
evidence in support is, however, woefully thin. In my assessment, there are
many features of the alleged events leading up to the transfer of the Chuan
which reinforce the view that Cristian and Nila were indeed the victims of an
elaborate fraud. These are set out below.

114 I begin with the passing observation that Cristian and Nila had engaged
the services of JS Yeh, a Singapore lawyer in respect of their purchase of the
Chuan in 2008. The short point is that even if Cristian and Nila were staying
mostly in Indonesia in 2010 and 2011, there is no explanation as to why they
would not consider engaging JS Yeh’s services for the application for a RCOT
and or the conveyance and completion of the transfer.

(1) The email addresses that allegedly belong to Cristian

115 Cristian’s case is that Addresses A and B are both spurious in that they
do not belong to him and that his actual email address is the address used by
him in the emails with Wibowo and Isabelle. There was no reason why Wibowo
would have needed to ask Cristian for an email address to pass to Toh when he
already knew what his email address was. Reference may be made to the email
sent on 24 September 2011 by Cristian to Isabelle in which he was urgently
requesting a meeting to resolve matters. Indeed, it is clear that Wibowo had
also used that email address.

116 In the circumstances, whilst there is no direct evidence, I find that the
two disputed email addresses are more likely than not, spurious, and created
and operated by Wibowo and/or Isabelle. They are not Cristian’s real email
addresses and are not operated by him.

(2) Cristian’s and Nila’s signatures on the transfer documents

117 Cristian and especially Nila were cross-examined at length on the
signatures that appeared on the sale and purchase agreement, transfer
instrument, the applications for RCOT, the statutory declarations, the letter
of appointment of Tan, the acknowledgment of receipt of the cashier’s order
dated 20 June 2011, the handwritten note signed by Nila of 25 May 2011 and the
HSBC cheque for S$1.793m.

118 The genuineness of the signatures or circumstances under which these
documents were signed is heavily disputed. I pause here to refer to the
defendants’ submission that Cristian and Nila never pleaded forgery as
such.The defendants complain that instead of pleading forgery, Cristian and
Nila took an equivocal position of (i) denying the signatures were genuine;
and (ii) asserting that if they were genuine that they were obtained by fraud
and deception. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

WCS at paras 251, 259 and 389.

Whilst their evidence could have been clearer, I am satisfied that Cristian’s
and Nila’s position is that the signatures on the contested documents were
either forgeries or were real but had been obtained by trickery and deceit. I
do not accept the suggestion that these are inconsistent positions to take.
The underlying position is clear: either way, they did not knowingly sign any
of the disputed documents. Given that their case is that there were two
occasions when they were asked to sign documents (in a rush and without proper
explanation), they could not say for sure whether the signatures were
forgeries or obtained by deceit.

119 In fact, Cristian and Nila accept and indeed assert that they did sign
numerous documents at the meeting of 7 December 2010 and at the meetings at
the Lorong Chuan condominium on 20/21 June 2011. Their position, however, is
that these documents were not explained properly (or at all), many pages where
they signed were blank and that their understanding was that the documents
related to the investment and purchase of the Oasis Garden unit and the
subsequent sale to the Malaysian buyer. It appears that Cristian’s and Nila’s
position is that it is for this reason that they are unable to state
affirmatively whether the signatures on the disputed documents are genuine as
being their real signatures. The key point is that they never signed documents
whether in Indonesia or elsewhere for the transfer of the Chuan to Kweh.

120 It will be recalled that Wibowo’s and Isabelle’s position is an emphatic
denial of the meeting on 7 December 2010. Whilst Wibowo agrees that he met
Cristian by the poolside of Lorong Chuan condominium on 21 June 2011 (though
they differ on the exact timing, as discussed at [55] above), the meeting with
Nila on the night of 20 June 2011 is completely denied. Wibowo and Isabelle
deny that they asked Cristian and Nila to sign any documents in respect of
Oasis Garden at all. Their case is that the disputed documents relating to the
sale and transfer of the Chuan were all signed in Indonesia in the manner
outlined earlier and which, of course, Cristian and Nila deny.

121 Cristian’s and Nila’s expert evidence on the signatures was confined to
their signatures on the Letter of Authority to Tan (and no other disputed
document or signature). The expert, Mr Yap, expressed the opinion that these
signatures were likely a form of “trace forgery”. The defendants did not call
any expert evidence of their own although they had engaged their own expert to
review the disputed documents including the Letter of Authority. The decision
not to call the defendants’ expert was made after the testimony of Mr Yap.

122 In ECICS Ltd v Capstone Construction Pte Ltd and others [2015] SGHC 214,
the court noted (at [45]) that an adverse inference may be drawn from the
failure of a party to call a handwriting expert engaged to produce a report.
Whilst I accept that the drawing of an adverse inference may be appropriate in
some cases, this is not such a case. Cristian and Nila decided to confine
their own expert evidence to just one of the disputed documents. Given this
position, the defendants decided not to call their expert who had examined all
the disputed documents. This was done after Mr Yap’s evidence was concluded.

123 Whilst the defendants criticise the expert report, the unrebutted evidence
is that the signatures on that document were likely forged. Indeed, the expert
was not cross-examined at all by Wibowo’s and Isabelle’s counsel. The question
remains: what, if any, inference can be drawn as to the signatures on the
other disputed documents and on which there was no expert evidence from either
side? Counsel for Cristian and Nila submit that if the signature on any one
disputed document is shown to be forged, the inference arises that the same
must be likely for all the signatures on all the disputed documents. The point
made is that the Letter of Authority is just one document in the chain of
alleged fraudulent documents needed to carry out the fraud.

124 Given that the law requires cogent evidence to support a finding of fraud,
I am not prepared to draw an inference that all the signatures on all the
disputed documents are likely to be forgeries based simply on the expert
opinion that the signatures on one document, viz the Letter of Authority to
Tan, were likely “trace forgeries.” Nevertheless, looking at the evidence as a
whole, I accept the evidence of Cristian and Nila that they did not knowingly
sign the disputed documents such as the sale and purchase agreement, the
transfer deed, the statutory declarations, etc in Indonesia before notaries
public. I accept that their position is that all the signatures are either
forgeries or, if they are genuine, were obtained by deceit.

(3) The notaries public

125 Given the sequence of events outlined above on the transfer documents, the
best evidence to establish the alleged fact that Cristian and Nila signed the
documents before notaries public in Indonesia would be from the notaries
public in question.

126 Hengki is said to be an Indonesian notary public. According to the
evidence of Wibowo and Isabelle, the sale and purchase agreement, transfer
instrument, application for RCOT, statutory declarations and a written
acknowledgement, all in respect of the conveyance of the Chuan, were signed by
Cristian and Nila before Hengki. It was intended that Hengki testify for
Wibowo and Isabelle at trial. An affidavit was sworn by Hengki on 8 March 2012
verifying that he witnessed the signatures. Subsequently, however, Hengki
changed his mind and declined to testify in Singapore. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

2nd affidavit of Wibowo in S 169/2012 dated 25 February 2015 at paras 26–30
and pp 52-–54.

An application was made on 25 February 2015 to admit the affidavit of Hengki
as an annex to Wibowo’s SAEIC. However, the application was disallowed on 16
March 2015, the first day of the trial. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

SUM 913/2015; Minute sheet dated 16 March 2015.

127 Bonardo is a legal counsel in Indonesia engaged by Cristian and Nila.
Bonardo swore an AEIC for the plaintiffs in which he exhibited statements said
to have been signed by Hengki before Bonardo. The statements were to the
effect that Hengki had never met Cristian and Nila and that the documents were
not signed before him. In addition, there is a statement made by Hengki on 18
July 2012 before another Indonesian notary public confirming, inter alia, that
the documents were not signed by Cristian and Nila before him. Given that
Hengki has declined to testify, an application was made to admit these
statements under s 32(1)(j) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“EA”).
103

##### Foot Note 103

×

2nd Affidavit of Wibowo in S 169/2012 dated 25 February 2015 at para 33.

This application was also rejected on the first day of the trial. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Minute sheet dated 16 March 2015.

128 As may be discerned from above, it appears that Hengki had provided
contradictory statements on this matter to both sides. One statement (by
affidavit) asserts that he did witness and notarise the documents as alleged
on or around 27 June 2011. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

2nd Affidavit of Wibowo in S 169/2012 dated 25 February 2015 at pp 53–55.

The other statement was said to have been obtained by Bonardo from Hengki on 8
June 2012. In that statement, Hengki asserted that he had never met Cristian
and Nila and that the documents were not signed before him. Both statements
were ruled inadmissible.

129 To be clear, the applications in respect of Hengki’s contradictory
statements to the effect that he did witness the signatures of Cristian and
Nila as well as the attempt to introduce evidence of his retraction are
referred to solely for the purpose of setting out the backdrop. Ultimately,
there was no evidence before the court from or concerning Hengki other than
the fact that he refused eventually to give evidence.

130 Ali Husein is said to be another Indonesian notary public before whom it
is asserted Cristian and Nila signed a Letter of Authority appointing Tan to
act in the conveyance of the Chuan. Ali Husein did not give evidence at the
trial. Cristian and Nila, who have denied signing any Letter of Authority,
appear to have made some efforts, through Bonardo, to verify with the
Indonesian authorities the existence of Ali Husein as a notary public. To this
end, some letters between Bonardo and the authorities were referred to and
exhibited in Cristian’s AEIC. The letters state that Ali Husein was not a
registered notary in Kota Gresik or a member of the Association of Notary
Public of Indonesia of Gresik Branch. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Cristian’s AEIC Exhibit CPY-15 (p 136–144).

The long and short of the responses is that they were unable to verify his
existence. Cristian and Nila submit that there is a real doubt as to whether
Ali Husein in fact exists or is a notary public.

131 On the first day of the trial on 16 March 2015, the question arose as to
the admissibility of the letters written by or to Bonardo over the status of
Ali Husein. Cristian’s and Nila’s position was that the letters were evidence
suggesting that Ali Husein is not in fact a registered notary public. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Cristian’s AEIC at para 59.

Wibowo and Isabelle strongly objected on the basis that the authenticity of
the letters was not admitted and were hearsay. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

WCS at paras 297–301.

Leaving aside any issue on authenticity, the letters were at least some
evidence that efforts had been made by Cristian and Nila, through Bonardo, to
ascertain the whereabouts of Ali Husein. In the end, the decision I reached
was that whilst the letters were not admissible, this was on the basis that
the parties agreed to the facts in paras 7–11 and 13 of Bonardo’s first AEIC
dated 16 July 2014 that he wrote the letters, made a police report and
received the replies that he did. In short, the parties accepted that efforts
were made by Bonardo, the Indonesian lawyer, to verify the status of Ali
Husein. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Plaintiffs’ reply submissions (“PRS”) at para 115; WCS at para 295.

What is also abundantly clear is that Wibowo, Isabelle, Toh and Tan made no
attempts to verify the existence of Ali Husein. The position that they take is
essentially they are entitled to rely on the signature and stamp of Ali Husein
as it appears on the face of the documents.

132 Further, the failure of Wibowo and Kweh to call Ali Husein is troubling
given that it is Wibowo’s and Isabelle’s case that signatures for the
documents for the second application for a RCOT and the Letter of Authority
were witnessed before Ali Husein. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at para 94; Toh‘s AEIC at Tab 16 (p 86–89) and Tab 18 (p 95).

I make this observation not so much because it relates to the legal burden of
proof. The point is that it is rather surprising that no attempt appears to
have been made by Wibowo or Isabelle to call Ali Husein or to at least verify
his existence as a notary public.

133 I note also that none of the friends or middlemen who were said to have
helped Wibowo carry or bring the disputed documents to Indonesia to pass to
Kweh for Cristian and Nila to sign was asked to give evidence. Whilst Kweh
states in the signed note that Nila signed the cheque and handwritten
acknowledgment at his house in Indonesia on 25 May 2011, there is also no
evidence to corroborate Nila’s visit to Kweh’s house on that day.

(4) The inconsistencies between the evidence of Wibowo and Toh

134 In reaching the conclusion that the disputed documents were not signed by
Cristian and Nila as alleged in Indonesia (bearing in mind that
Wibowo/Isabelle have not suggested that they were signed anywhere else), I
have also taken account of inconsistencies between the evidence of Wibowo and
Toh.

135 According to Wibowo, Toh advised him that there was no need for Cristian
and Nila to sign the documents before him in Singapore. Toh, on the other
hand, asserted under cross-examination that it was Wibowo and Isabelle who
stated that all documents would be signed in Indonesia. Toh’s advice was that
in such a case they must be signed before a notary public. The decision as to
where the documents were to be signed was left to Wibowo and Isabelle.

136 I pause here to note that what is clear is that Toh never actually met
Cristian or Nila. He had not even spoken to them on the telephone in respect
of the application for RCOT. Whilst he had acted for Wibowo and Isabelle on
previous matters, he had no knowledge of Cristian and Nila at all. The same is
true for Tan, the lawyer who was allegedly instructed to act for Cristian and
Nila for the conveyance.

(5) The inclusion of the transfer of the Chuan in the defence filed in S
71/2012

137 Perhaps the strongest point in favour of Wibowo and Isabelle is the fact
that they chose to reveal the transfer of the Chuan to Kweh in the defence
filed in S 71/2012. For convenience, the relevant timeline is as follows.

(a) 28 December 2011: Transfer of the Chuan to Kweh was completed.

(b) 5 January 2012: Letter before commencement of S 71/2012.

(c) 10 January 2012: Rajah & Tann requested for time to respond.

(d) 30 January 2012: S 71/2012 was filed.

(e) 12 February 2012: Kweh received a letter of offer from OCBC for a loan of
S$1.44m with the Chuan as collateral.

(f) 16 February 2012: Letter of offer was signed by Kweh.

(g) 20 February 2012: Caveat was lodged by OCBC.

(h) 22 February 2012: Defence was filed in S 71/2012 at 5pm. The sale and
transfer of the Chuan to Kweh is pleaded.

(i) 24 February 2012: The OCBC caveat was registered.

(j) 28 February 2012: First attempt to file a caveat to protect interest of
Cristian and Nila in the Chuan.

(k) 29 February 2012: The Instrument of Mortgage is lodged the day before and
registered on this day. The Chuan is mortgaged to OCBC.

(l) 29 February 2012: The SLA rejects Cristian’s and Nila’s caveat because of
inadequate information on the basis of the caveat.

(m) 1 March 2012: A fresh caveat was lodged. Lee & Lee received notice
confirming acceptance at 6.02 pm.

(n) 1 March 2012: A one-day account was opened at OCBC by Kweh. The loan is
disbursed into this account. The funds are withdrawn on the same day by a cash
withdrawal and two transfers to another joint account of Kweh and Wibowo at
OCBC. Kweh’s OCBC account is closed.

(o) 2 March 2012: A generally indorsed Writ of Summons in S169/2012 is filed
on the basis of which Cristian and Nila obtained a Mareva injunction, which,
inter alia, prohibited Kweh from (i) disposing of the sum of S$1,245,270; and
(ii) disposing of and/or diminishing the value of the property.

(p) 8 March 2012: Isabelle accompanies Kweh to Rajah & Tann for Kweh to sign
his statement. That statement only recounted events up to 28 December 2011. No
mention at all was made of the OCBC term loan at (e) above.

(q) March to April 2012: Monies in the joint account of Kweh and Wibowo were
disposed by a series of telegraphic transfers and cash withdrawals.

(r) 21 May 2014: The Chuan was sold by mortgagee auction for S$1.8m.

(s) 12 August 2014: Balance of S$167,999.65 was paid into Court pursuant to
the Mareva injunction. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Cristian’s AEIC at para 75; Tab 20 (pp 314–315).

138 The point made is that if Wibowo, Isabelle and Kweh were perpetrating a
bold and audacious scam, inter alia, to obtain the Chuan, there was no reason
for the pleaded defence in S 71/2012 to reveal the transfer of the Chuan. It
would have made more sense to wait until the loan was disbursed and the funds
transferred out. On Cristian’s and Nila’s evidence, they were unaware at the
time the Defence was filed of what had taken place.

139 But against this, it would have only been a matter of time before Cristian
and Nila discovered what had transpired. In any case, time was rapidly running
out to file the Defence in S 71/2012. It appears that the Defence was filed on
the last day allowed under the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)
(“ROC”). As highlighted above, the loan from OCBC to Kweh had been granted on
16 February 2012. OCBC had lodged a caveat on 20 February 2012. In these
circumstances, it is also not surprising on the basis of Cristian’s and Nila’s
version of what had taken place that the defence as pleaded on 22 February
2012 “revealed” the existence of the debt and the agreement to settle by
transfer of the Chuan.

140 Looking at the evidence and submissions as a whole, I am of the view that
the reaction of Cristian and Nila on discovering the transfer of the Chuan on
22 February 2012 is consistent with their version of the events. Their lawyers
were clearly concerned and conducted a Singapore Titles Automated Registration
System (“STARS”) search that very day to confirm the transfer of the Chuan.
Whilst Nila and Cristian might have been expected to return to Singapore
immediately, given the seriousness of the turn of events, their evidence,
which I accept, is that they were unable to do so immediately. Nila’s father
was seriously ill and Cristian had other urgent business to attend to.
Cristian, in any case, returned to Singapore on 28 February 2012. Between 23
and 28 February 2012, Lee & Lee conducted investigations and queried Tan in an
effort to discover what had taken place. On 28 February 2012, the first
attempt was made to lodge a caveat on the basis of a constructive trust
arising out of an unauthorised transfer of the Chuan. Whilst the first attempt
failed, the second attempt succeeded on 1 March 2012.

(6) Miscellaneous points

141 The point may also be taken that the trust shown by Cristian and Nila in
Wibowo took a surprisingly long time to erode. The failure of Wibowo to
provide copies of the documents signed on 7 December 2010 (for Oasis Garden)
and 23 December 2010 (for Parc Mondrian) did not provoke a strong reaction.
The difficulty Cristian had in contacting Wibowo in September/October 2011
(especially given that his understanding was that the sale of Oasis Garden
would be completed by July 2011) and Wibowo’s failure to appear for the
meeting on 1 November 2011 merely resulted in Cristian, Nila and Denny paying
visits to Oasis Garden and Parc Mondrian in December 2011 in an effort to
establish if any units were in their names. Nothing else was done: no
complaints were made to the police in Singapore. No attempt was made at that
point to engage legal counsel for advice.

142 The point has also been made that the fraud perpetrated by Wibowo and
Isabelle was inherently impossible if not absurd. The chance of success was
very slim and depended, inter alia, on the failure of the lawyers involved in
the RCOT application and conveyance to obtain direct or face-to-face
confirmation of the instructions from Cristian and Nila. The fraud in this
sense was almost bound to fail if due care was taken by the lawyers.

143 Nevertheless, the reverse observation can also be made. If Cristian did
owe large sums to Kweh and had agreed to repay by means of the cash transfers
(essentially the subject matter of S 71/2012) and the transfer of the Chuan
(the subject matter of S 169/2012), then the commencement of S 71/2012 at the
time and in that manner might be thought to be equally puzzling. It was bound
to attract the defence that was filed. It would mean that Cristian and Nila
had, well in advance, formed a plan to fabricate an elaborate scam of their
own: to deprive Kweh of his money in respect of the debt through an elaborate
ruse. Under this purported scam, Cristian and Nila would sign documents in
Indonesia in circumstances such as to make it possible for them to challenge
the documents subsequently in court. As a consequence, the lawyers involved
would necessarily be pulled in. Cristian and Nila would then take no action to
stop or prevent the transfer of the Chuan to Kweh. In doing so, they must have
calculated that they would be able to take action later against Kweh, Wibowo
and Isabelle to recover the Chuan or its value as compensation. This version
of events is equally, if not more, remarkable. Indeed, if Cristian did owe
large sums to Kweh, but was unwilling or unable to make repayments, it was
unthinkable that he would fabricate such an elaborate scheme to avoid
repayment given the huge risk he was taking on the Chuan and his investments.

144 Looking at the matter in the round, I am of the view that the transfer of
the Chuan to Kweh had been effected without the knowledge of Cristian and
Nila, and on the basis of documents which (i) had not been signed by them; or
(ii) they were tricked into signing. In coming to my conclusion, I have also
noted the weaknesses and inconsistencies in the evidence of Cristian and Nila.
Some of these, such as inconsistencies as to dates and details of certain
events, can be explained by the long time that has elapsed since the events
took place.

My findings on Isabelle’s involvement in the fraud

145 I turn to deal with the extent to which Isabelle was a knowing participant
in the fraud that was perpetrated on Cristian and Nila. Isabelle’s evidence is
that she had little knowledge of what was taking place. She asserts that she
had no personal knowledge of the business dealings between Kweh, Landy and
Cristian. She also claimed to be unaware of the alleged debt owed by Cristian
to Kweh until after the start of the proceedings. All or most of the
information that she possessed was said to have been provided by Wibowo.
Whilst her family background appears well-to-do and Isabelle has a degree in
Economics, her position is that she left all financial matters to Wibowo. Her
role after marriage was primarily that of mother and home-maker. Whilst the
E300 was registered in her name, I accept that this alone does not prove that
she had knowledge that the monies for the car was provided by Cristian.
Indeed, as noted, it appears that many other cars bought by Wibowo were
registered in Isabelle’s name and the evidence was that this was to secure
better insurance terms (see [87] above).

146 Notwithstanding Isabelle’s pleas of ignorance, I am, on balance, of the
view that Isabelle was a knowing participant in the fraud perpetrated on the
plaintiffs in the Suits.

147 First, Isabelle’s mobile phone number was used to send the SMS on 21
November 2010 to Cristian. In that SMS, Cristian was asked to make out a
cheque for the road tax for the E300 which was registered in the name of
Isabelle. This SMS supports Cristian’s assertion that the E300 was indeed
bought and paid for by Cristian. Isabelle has attempted to distance herself
from the mobile phone number by explaining that the number belonged to Wibowo
until she took over the number around August 2012. Isabelle claims that she
had no knowledge of that SMS. I find her evidence on her use of this phone
number to be confusing and unsatisfactory. At times, she appears to accept
that she did have access to the number and did use it sometimes. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NOE 25 February 2016 p 13 line 19–23; p 23 line 17–p 24 line 8.

At other times, she states that she remembers only using the number after
August 2012. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NOE 25 February 2016 p 11 line 24–p 12 line 16; p 13 line 24–p 14 line 10.

148 Second, it appears that Isabelle had sent another SMS on 21 June 2011 at
6:08pm 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

PCB pp 85–87.

from the same number to Cristian. This SMS states: “Bowo might come back
tonight om, he is goin[g] back to Surabaya tomorrow.” 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NOE 25 February 2016 p 17 line 10–21.

It is clear that Bowo is a reference to Wibowo. The natural inference is that
the sender of this SMS is Isabelle and not Wibowo. The SMS is also significant
because it supports Nila’s and Cristian’s version of the timing of the meeting
between Cristian and Wibowo on 21 June 2011 near the swimming pool of the
Lorong Chuan condominium. Isabelle’s response to this SMS is two-fold. First,
she claims that she has no recollection of this SMS. Secondly, she denies that
she commonly uses “Bowo” to refer to her husband. When confronted with the
evidence that she sent an email to Cristian on 30 September 2011 stating that
she had already forwarded Cristian’s email of 24 September 2011 to “Bowo”, her
response was that she had used this expression only because Cristian calls him
by that name (ie, “Bowo”). I find her evidence on this rather strained. In my
view, the SMS that was sent to Cristian on 21 June 2011 suggests that Isabelle
was using this mobile number much earlier than she was prepared to admit to.

149 Third, there is also an email to Isabelle’s email account from Toh’s law
firm dated 24 October 2011. The email records that a staff member had called
Isabelle at the very mobile number in issue. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Isabelle’s AEIC at Tab 12; NOE 25 February 2016 p 23 line 10–p 24 line 8.

Separately, in Isabelle’s telegraphic transfer application that is dated 18
November 2011, Isabelle’s phone number is recorded as the same number. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Isabelle’s AEIC at Tab 3; NOE 25 February 2016 p 24 line 9–p 25 line 6.

150 Even more troubling is her evidence on the emails meant for Wibowo and
which were sent to her email address by Cristian. This includes the email (in
Bahasa Indonesia) of 24 September 2011 in which Cristian was asking Wibowo for
a meeting to resolve the issues and problems on the joint investment (see [49]
above). To be clear, the fact that Cristian tried to contact Wibowo through
Isabelle does not mean that she was actively involved in Wibowo’s business
dealings. That said, it is also clear that Wibowo accepts that he did have
access to her email account and that he did from time to time use her email
for communications. Isabelle’s evidence on whether she had seen these emails
was troubling. I have touched on this already. Her evidence is that she rarely
checked or read her emails. This is surprising as she was involved in other
on-going legal proceedings at the time. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NOE 25 February p 113 line 5–9.

Indeed, Isabelle asserts that the first thing she will often do when opening
her email account is to delete emails. This is also a somewhat surprising and
a rather convenient response. Isabelle also asserts that she does not
understand Bahasa Indonesia. Nevertheless, Isabelle was able to reply to
Cristian’s email (which was written in Bahasa Indonesia) on 30 September 2011
stating that Wibowo was only free to meet him in Singapore on 1 November 2011.
119

##### Foot Note 119

×

AB p 196–197.

151 The evidence, as a whole, is consistent with Isabelle having use of the
number well before August 2012. Further, if it was Wibowo’s intention to keep
Isabelle in the dark on what was happening between himself and Cristian, it is
surprising that he would make so much use of Isabelle’s mobile phone number or
a phone number that Isabelle was also using or had access to.

152 Moving on, Isabelle accepts that she was involved in the dealings between
Wibowo and Toh in respect of the transfer of the Chuan. Aside from
accompanying Wibowo to the meetings, she was also the one who collected the
documents from Toh so that Wibowo could arrange for them to be sent to
Indonesia as described earlier. Isabelle insists, however, that she was simply
acting as a “courier” and on the instructions of Wibowo in all her contacts
with Toh. However, Toh’s evidence was that he was dealing mainly with
Isabelle. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NOE 29 February 2016 at p 36 line 21–p 38 line 3.

153 After S 71/2012 was commenced, Isabelle agrees that she played an active
role in communications with their lawyers, Rajah & Tann. This includes, for
example, accompanying Kweh and Landy to Rajah & Tann on the day when the
statement was recorded on 8 March 2012. Isabelle’s evidence was that she was
simply assisting her husband and following his instructions. This is
surprising. It bears repeating that Kweh was rather ill and was the first
defendant in S 169/2012, which raised serious allegations of fraud. The taking
of the statement was clearly important from the perspective of the defendants.
Wibowo was the one who was said to have directly communicated with Kweh on
matters relating to the key events such as the existence of the debt and the
later arrangements to transfer the Chuan. It would make much more sense for
Wibowo to have accompanied Kweh for the taking of the statement, unless of
course Isabelle had a much greater understanding and knowledge of the
background details than she was prepared to acknowledge. That said, Isabelle’s
evidence was that Wibowo was away in Indonesia on 8 March 2012. Even if this
is so, given the importance of Kweh’s statement, it is surprising that Wibowo
would not have insisted on accompanying Kweh. After all, their position is
that Isabelle is unable to speak Bahasa Indonesia and has almost no knowledge
of Kweh’s business arrangements. Wibowo, at the very least, according to his
evidence, had received instructions from Kweh, his father, on the arrangements
between Kweh and Cristian, and had a basic command of Bahasa Indonesia.

154 I also note that Isabelle was made a “partner” of Landy in August 2007, in
respect of a company set up in Singapore called Citra Abadi Bosco (“Bosco”).
Bosco appears to be connected with Kweh’s and Landy’s Indonesian company
called Citra Surabaya. Isabelle’s evidence is that she was made a partner
because it was easier if a Singapore citizen was involved when setting up a
company in Singapore. Her evidence was that she received a monthly fee of
S$5,000 until the closure of the Bosco bank account in January 2009. I am
inclined to disbelieve her evidence on the extent of her knowledge. In my
view, her partnership in Bosco is another piece of evidence that she could not
have had no knowledge of Kweh’s business arrangements.

155 Looking at the evidence as a whole, I am also of the view that Isabelle
played a much more active role in the family finances than she was prepared to
admit. This is especially given that in 2008, Wibowo was still a young man who
had only just started business in Singapore after graduation. Isabelle was
some 13 years his senior and had graduated many years earlier in 1998.

156 Against this, it could be argued that Isabelle was not an active
participant in the fraud, because she was not even aware of Wibowo’s true
whereabouts in September 2011, when events were developing fast and Cristian
was clearly anxious to get in touch with Wibowo to resolve the matters.
Isabelle’s evidence is that Wibowo was out of Singapore at that time. On the
other hand, Wibowo’s evidence, it will be recalled, is that he had lied to
Isabelle as to his whereabouts; he was actually in Singapore and in Sentosa
with a friend (see [58] above). However, Wibowo’s explanation was only
revealed when copies of the pages of his passport were produced in the course
of trial, in proving another matter (see [55] above), and it became
incontrovertible that he was in Singapore in September 2011. Clearly, Wibowo
had a self-serving interest in stating that he had lied to Isabelle on his
whereabouts, ie, to explain away the inconsistencies between his account and
Isabelle’s as to his whereabouts in September 2011. For this reason, I am
unable to place much weight on Wibowo’s statement, and consequently, this
argument in favour of Isabelle’s lack of knowledge and participation in the
fraud.

157 Considering the evidence as a whole, I am of the view that Isabelle had
sufficient knowledge and involvement such as to make her a knowing participant
in the fraud in respect of the joint investment (Oasis Garden and Parc
Mondrian) and the transfer of the Chuan.

My findings on Kweh’s involvement in the fraud

158 On the basis of the fraud that I have found perpetrated by Wibowo and
Isabelle on Cristian and Nila, the claim against Kweh is that he was a knowing
participant (and, of course, beneficiary) of the plan to cheat Cristian and
Nila of the Chuan.

159 Wibowo’s and Isabelle’s position is that they acted under the instructions
of Kweh at all times. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

WCS at paras 37(d) and 367 (in relation to the Chuan); 70, 73 and 93 (in
relation to monies allegedly received to purchase the cars); 238 (in relation
to monies allegedly received pursuant to the joint investment agreement).

The decision to engage Toh for the conveyance of the Chuan as well as the
instructions on the need for a RCOT were all said to have come from Kweh at a
time when he was already seriously ill. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at paras 64–65; 81.

Indeed, it will be recalled that during or around this period (July/August
2011), the Indonesian authorities were looking for Kweh and Landy in respect
of a suspected offence. However, there is almost no direct evidence as to the
nature of the problems that led to the police report and announcement that he
and Landy were wanted for questioning by the Indonesian police.

160 The picture that Wibowo paints is that he had little knowledge of the
business dealings of his parents and that he was even unaware of the details
of the debt owed by Cristian to Kweh until after S 71/2012 was commenced. This
clearly contradicts his evidence that he knew, well before the commencement of
S 71/2012, that the size of the alleged debt had been reduced and that the
balance owing was to be met by the transfer of the Chuan. Wibowo’s evidence
was that Kweh did not have a bank account in Singapore and that Kweh
effectively used Wibowo’s own joint bank account with Isabelle to transfer
monies back and forth. This was sometimes done without even telling Wibowo in
advance of transfers into the account.

161 The general impression that I formed was that Wibowo was keen to return to
Singapore. Almost immediately upon graduation, he married Isabelle and had his
first child in Singapore. Quite apart from financial support from his own
parents, it is evident that he also received considerable financial support
from his father-in-law. He acquired several properties and professed a keen
interest in property-based investments. It is also clear that he needed his
parents’ assistance on the proposed investments in Oasis Garden and Parc
Mondrian, which he informed his parents he planned to invest jointly with
Cristian. Whilst there is a severe dispute between the parties as to why
Wibowo’s parents were against the idea, it is clear, on Wibowo’s evidence,
that they did not support the plan. By this time, Kweh was already unwell and
was being treated in Singapore for kidney-related problems and diabetes.
Isabelle accompanied him to make the statement at Rajah & Tann on 8 March
2012, some eight months before his death. Kweh’s statement was relied on by
Wibowo and Isabelle in their defence. Kweh also obtained a term loan from OCBC
secured by the Chuan and he transferred the monies on the same day to the
joint account that he opened with Wibowo. In the circumstances, given Kweh’s
involvement in the many aspects relating to the Chuan, I find that Kweh was a
knowing participant in the fraud perpetrated by Wibowo and Isabelle.

Part Two: The Involvement of the Lawyers

162 To recapitulate, Toh was the solicitor engaged by Kweh (through Wibowo) to
handle the conveyance of the Chuan. Kweh and Wibowo were comfortable with
engaging the services of Toh as he had acted for them on previous property
matters. Tan was the solicitor whom Toh recommended to represent Cristian and
Nila in the sale.

163 Toh’s position is that he had no reason to doubt the genuineness of his
instructions on the sale and transfer of the Chuan to Kweh as part of an
agreement to repay a debt owed by Cristian. Toh asserts that he did not act in
breach of any duty that he owed to Cristian and Nila and that he was entitled
to apply for the RCOT based on the instructions and information provided by
Wibowo. In taking this position, Toh asserts that Cristian and Nila have not
established that the signatures on the disputed documents are forgeries or
that they were obtained by deception and fraud. Second, even if the signatures
were forgeries or fraudulently obtained, Toh asserts that (i) he was not in
breach of any duty by applying for the RCOT and acting in the manner that he
did; (ii) Cristian and Nila failed to take reasonable steps to safeguard their
interest immediately upon discovery of the fraudulent transfer; and (iii)
Wibowo and Isabelle are liable to indemnify him on account of their fraudulent
misrepresentations to him.

164 Tan’s position is that he was properly authorised to act for Cristian and
Nila in the conveyance. If, to the contrary, it is found that he was not in
fact authorised and that he was in breach of his duty to Cristian and Nila, he
asserts that he is also a victim of the same fraud perpetrated by Wibowo and
Isabelle. In that eventuality, Tan claims that the loss and damage suffered by
Cristian and Nila were not caused by his breach but by the fraud of Wibowo and
Isabelle and the negligence of Toh. Tan also asserts that he is entitled to an
indemnity against Toh.

165 Insofar as the issue and evidence on whether the signatures were forged or
obtained by means of some fraud or deceit is concerned, this has been examined
above (see [117] to [124] above). I have found that their signatures are
either forgeries or, if they are genuine, obtained by deceit.

166 I turn now to a more detailed discussion of the involvement by the lawyers
in the steps leading up to the transfer of title.

167 Toh’s evidence was that he never received instructions direct from Kweh.
All his instructions came from Wibowo and Isabelle. Whilst Wibowo and Isabelle
maintain that it was Wibowo who was driving the instructions on the conveyance
(on behalf of Kweh), Toh agrees that he had more communications with Isabelle.
123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NOE 29 February 2016 p 36 line 21–p 38 line 3.

It is clear that Toh has never met Cristian or Nila. Toh’s evidence was that
he considered it was acceptable for his firm to apply for RCOT for Cristian
and Nila notwithstanding his intention to recommend Tan to act for the
Cristian and Nila. His explanation was that in his mind, application for a
RCOT was a “neutral application”. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NOE 29 February 2016 p 7 line 16–line 18.

The Chuan would still have to be conveyed to Kweh and it was up to Tan to take
the necessary and usual steps.

168 It is clear that Toh did not even attempt to contact Cristian and Nila for
confirmation of the instructions on the position on the RCOT. He appears to
have relied entirely on what he had been told by Wibowo. To be clear, even
though Wibowo had provided Toh with a phone number and email address for Toh
to reach Cristian, Toh made no attempts to directly verify with Cristian or
Nila at this stage. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NOE 29 February 2016 p 48 line 19 – p 54 line 3.

This reveals a surprisingly lax stance by Toh. Instead, the first RCOT
application and statutory declaration were prepared and passed over to Wibowo
(via Isabelle) for Cristian and Nila to sign before Hengki (apparently a
notary public in Indonesia). It does not even seem that Toh is familiar with
Hengki. It was only when the first RCOT application failed (for want of
details as to why the original was lost) that any email contact was made by
Toh’s office with Cristian. Even then, it is undisputed that this email
contact appears to have been initiated by Cristian and from an email address
(Address B) that was different to the one provided to Toh by Wibowo (Address
A) (see [64(g)] and [64(m)] above). It is abundantly clear that Toh did not
attempt to independently verify the identity of the sender of the 24 October
2011 email. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NOE 29 February 2016 p 8 line 10–22; NOE 1 March 2016 p 32 line 8–p 33 line
21.

169 Based on the information provided in that email, a new RCOT application
and statutory declaration were prepared. These were then allegedly signed
before a notary public in Indonesia in the manner related earlier. The second
application was successful and the matter was able to proceed towards
completion. Further, it is clear that Toh, again on Wibowo’s instructions, was
able to secure a slightly earlier completion date.

170 Toh accepts that he did not take any steps to verify the identity of the
notary public who witnessed the plaintiffs’ execution of the second RCOT
application and statutory declaration.

171 It was after the successful second RCOT application that Toh recommended
Tan to act for Cristian and Nila. His evidence was that this was advisable in
his view as there might be a conflict of interest if Toh acted for both sides.
127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Toh and Tan were classmates at university. They were at the time friends and
had referred work to each other. Tan asserts that the approach was made around
6 December 2011. Tan said he was provided with an overseas phone number of
Cristian. Tan claims that he made several unsuccessful attempts to contact
Cristian at that number on or around 7 December 2011. On 7 December 2011, Tan
emailed a draft Letter of Authority and a draft Sales and Purchase agreement
to the email address from which Toh had received the 24 October 2011 email
from Cristian on the second RCOT. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Tan’s AEIC at p 20; Toh’s AEIC at p 70.

Nevertheless, instead of waiting for a response, Tan chose to email the very
same Letter of Authority to Toh so that Toh could hand the same to Wibowo who
was going to Indonesia. The idea apparently was that the draft Letter of
Authority would be passed to Cristian to sign before a notary public.

172 On 12 December 2011, Tan received an email from Address B confirming that
the information set out in that email was correct and that the purchase price
had been paid. This appears to be an email from Cristian.

173 The date of completion was scheduled for 31 January 2012. Other documents
handed to Tan included the signed Letter of Authority and the signed
instrument of transfer. On 22 December 2011, Toh sent Tan a request for
completion to be brought forward to 28 December 2011. As a result, Tan sent
another email to Address B asking whether the plaintiffs were agreeable. An
affirmative response was received on 27 December 2011 from Address B. Tan
agrees that he never attempted to meet Cristian or Nila face-to-face or to
speak by telephone or by video conference. Tan’s position is that he was
entitled to rely on: (i) Toh’s representation that Cristian and Nila wanted to
engaged him for the conveyance; (ii) the signed Letter of Authority before an
Indonesian notary public (although, as in the case of Toh, Tan did not take
steps to verify the identity of the notary public); and (iii) the fact that he
had received two emails which appeared on their face to be from Cristian.

174 Tan also complains that he was never informed of the applications for RCOT
made by Toh on behalf of Cristian and Nila and in respect of which Toh earned
a fee. Tan asserts that if he had known of this, he would have declined the
engagement. The difficulty, however, is that if Tan had conducted a fresh
title search prior to completion he would have been alerted to the fact that a
RCOT had been applied for. The reason why he did not conduct the title search
was because he had been provided with a copy of a title search done by Toh
some six months earlier. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NOE 2 March 2016 p 39 line 22–p 40 line 22.

Tan’s position is that it was acceptable and common practice at the time to
rely on title searches that were six months old. There is no independent
evidence, however, to support this assertion. Tan also appears to take the
position that it was the buyer’s responsibility to conduct a title search and
that he would not have conducted a search even if Toh had not provided him
with a title search. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NOE 1 March 2016 p155 line 15-22; NOE 2 March 2016 p 33 line 24 – p34 line 10.

Against this, it is clear that Tan knew that this was not a “normal” sale and
purchase. No monies would be paid on completion as the conveyance was in fact
by way of discharge of a debt. Indeed, according to Tan, he was approached by
Toh rather late in the day.

General Observations on the Evidence

175 The AEICs of Cristian, Nila, Wibowo and Isabelle were subjected to the
criticism that they were comparatively bereft of details as compared to their
testimony under cross-examination. In the case of Cristian and Nila,
inconsistencies between their evidence on points of detail, such as when they
first met Wibowo and Isabelle and as to what took place at the “Bak Kut Teh"
meeting of 7 December 2010, were highlighted by counsel for Wibowo and
Isabelle. There are other points where Cristian’s and Nila’s recollection or
testimony on details were at variance. In the case of Wibowo and Isabelle,
whilst their testimony was generally more consistent, it is clear that Wibowo
has been less than truthful to Isabelle on his whereabouts in
September/October 2011. It will be recalled that this was the period when
Cristian was trying to set up a meeting with Wibowo to resolve matters. As
mentioned previously, the fact that Wibowo’s and Isabelle’s marriage was going
through a rough time at that stage does not prove the fraud or conspiracy that
has been alleged. However, the general point remains that the evidence as to
Wibowo’s whereabouts and the revelation of his passport stamps casts some
doubt over whether Wibowo has been completely frank and open in his evidence.

176 On the stand, Nila was cross-examined at length for six days. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

20, 23–26 and 30 March 2015.

Cristian was cross-examined for nine days. The distress that Nila felt over
the transfer of the Chuan in the witness box was self-evident. Whilst it is
clear that there were lapses in her memory, I am satisfied that she was a
witness to the truth. In reaching this view, I am cognisant of the timely
reminder of the Court of Appeal in Sandz Solutions (Singapore) Pte Ltd and
others v Strategic Worldwide Assets Ltd and others [2014] 3 SLR 562 (“Sandz
Solutions”) (at [43]) against excessive reliance on the demeanour of a
witness:

Findings on demeanour often relate to the fluency (or hesitation) of a
witness, his steady or shifting gaze, his body language and the like. A great
deal of caution should be exercised by the trial judge when placing reliance
on these factors alone to find a witness untruthful. In this regard, it is
important to remember the context in which evidence is given in court – the
witness is under intense scrutiny of the judge and is also under pressure to
answer counsel’s questions; even truthful witnesses may wilt and display
discomfort in such circumstances.

[emphasis in original]

177 In a similar vein, I note Yong Pung How CJ’s reminder in Public Prosecutor
v Singh Kalpanath [1995] 3 SLR(R) 158 at [60] that in some instances, the
failure of a witness to answer questions “may be the direct result of the
aggressive manner of the cross-examination.” In the present case, as noted,
Nila was cross-examined over a period of six days. The cross-examination was
robust, persistent and intense at times. The events occurred many years in the
past. In the circumstances of this particular case, it is not that surprising
if there are inconsistencies in points of detail in her answers. Indeed, even
on general points such as when Nila first met Wibowo and Isabelle in 2008, I
have formed the impression that Nila was a witness to the truth, even though
she had problems in recollection and had given inconsistent answers. In
assessing her evidence (and, indeed, the evidence of all the witnesses), I
have paid due regard to the length and intensity of the cross-examination
especially on areas where the witness is asked repeated questions on specific
points of detail. As always, it is important not to lose sight of the wood for
the trees. To be clear, in making these comments, I make no criticism of the
manner in which Nila was cross-examined.

178 I note that the comments in Sandz Solutions were made in respect of a
finding that a witness has been untruthful. I accept that caution is needed
even where the demeanour is said to support a finding that the witness has
been truthful. Even so, I note that the Court of Appeal in Sandz Solutions (at
[56]) added that a witness should not be found to be less credible merely
because of gaps in his memory, especially where a long time has elapsed. The
duty of the court is to consider the totality of the evidence in determining
the veracity, reliability and credibility of a particular witness’ evidence.
The totality of the evidence will, of course, include contemporaneous
objective documentary evidence. In the present case, my conclusion on the
veracity of Nila is based on the evidence as a whole.

179 I should add that I am of the same view in respect of the evidence of
Denny. Denny did have some difficulty recollecting the details of
conversations he had with Cristian and Wibowo on the property investment. His
evidence on the amounts remitted to Wibowo through the use of money changers
as intermediaries in Indonesia and Singapore has been noted. Nevertheless, I
am satisfied that his evidence squares with the evidence as a whole, including
the subsequent email messages sent by Cristian to Wibowo on the difficulties
he was having explaining to Denny what had happened to his investment. To be
sure, Cristian and Denny might well have been much more careful in their
dealings and to have taken tougher action only when they started to worry
about their investment with Wibowo. But, looking at the circumstances as a
whole, I do not think this provides a sufficient basis to doubt their
testimony.

Summary of main factual findings

180 Given the broad range of issues and facts in dispute across the various
claims, it is convenient to set out a summary of the main findings of facts:

(a) Cristian provided the S$100,000 to Wibowo for the acquisition of the Honda
Accord. The Honda Accord, whilst registered in Wibowo’s name, was the property
of Cristian. Subsequently, Cristian remitted another S$140,000 for the
purchase of the E300 by way of upgrade of the Honda Accord. The E300, which
was registered in Isabelle’s name, was supposed to have been purchased
outright by means of the trade-in of the Honda Accord and the cash remittance.
The E300 was the property of Cristian.

(b) Cristian and Denny had entered into an oral agreement with Wibowo to
invest in a unit at Oasis Garden and another unit at Parc Mondrian. Under the
agreement, Cristian would invest with Wibowo in the Oasis Garden unit. The
properties were to be registered in joint names of Nila and Isabelle. Denny
would be the investment partner in the Parc Mondrian unit. This property was
also to be acquired in the joint names of Nila and Isabelle. The question as
to whether Isabelle was a party to this oral agreement is considered later.

(c) Cristian and Nila did not agree to transfer the Chuan to Kweh. Cristian
and Nila were unaware of the engagement of Toh in respect of the RCOT and the
engagement of Tan in respect of the conveyance of the Chuan.

(d) Isabelle was a knowing participant in the fraud in respect of the joint
investment (Oasis Garden and Parc Mondrian) and the transfer of the Chuan.

(e) Kweh was aware of the acts of Wibowo and he must have participated
actively in the various steps taken by Wibowo to instruct solicitors for the
RCOT, conveyance, the OCBC loan and the disbursement and transfer of the loan
monies out of the loan account and into a joint account that he held with
Wibowo.

Part Three: Legal Issues

The Car Claim: S 71/2012

181 Cristian’s claim in respect of the E300 is essentially based on the tort
of conversion. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Plaintiffs’ Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) in S 71/2012 (“SOC (2) (S
71)”) at para 28.

The agreement was that the E300 would be purchased in Isabelle’s name as a
matter of convenience (for purposes of payment of road tax and insurance)
using funds provided by Cristian through transfer of funds and the trade-in
value of the Honda Accord owned by Cristian (as described above).

182 Gary Chan Kok Yew and Lee Pey Woan, The Law of Torts in Singapore (Academy
Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2016) (“The Law of Torts in Singapore”) at para 11.002
explains that conversion is a wrongful interference with the claimant’s
chattel in a manner that is inconsistent with the claimant’s superior
possessory title. Cristian rightly submits that legal ownership is not a
prerequisite as such to a claim in conversion. It is not necessary even to
show that the claimant is in actual possession at the time of the
interference. The tort of conversion, as noted in Tat Seng Machine Movers Pte
Ltd v Orix Leasing Singapore Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 1101 at [49], can be grounded
on proof of an “immediate right to possession.” The Hong Kong decision in Fook
Woo Waste Paper Co Ltd v Leung Kai Kuen [2015] HKEC 2007 (“Fook Woo Waste
Paper”) was cited as an example where conversion succeeded in respect of a car
that was paid for by the claimant but registered in the name of the defendant.
In Fook Woo Waste Paper, the car was registered in the defendant’s name. The
defendant had confirmed in a Confirmation Note that he held the car on behalf
of the claimant. In the present case, there is no confirmation or statement by
the defendants acknowledging that the car was registered on behalf of
Cristian. Whilst the position would have been much clearer and simpler if
there was such an acknowledgement, I am satisfied on the evidence as a whole
that Cristian did provide the funds for the E300 and that Isabelle held the
E300 on behalf of Cristian.

183 Given my findings, it is clear that Cristian has a sufficient title to
maintain the action in conversion. The E300 was sold by Wibowo and Isabelle on
or around 16 January 2012 for S$173,000 without Cristian’s knowledge or
consent. It follows that the Wibowo and Isabelle are jointly and severally
liable to pay damages for the act of conversion. It is noted that liability
for conversion is strict. The general measure of damages is the market value
of the converted asset at the date of conversion. This is the measure which
usually best approximates the loss suffered by the claimant. In this case, it
would be the price obtained in the sale of the E300. Thus, Cristian succeeds
in his claim against Wibowo and Isabelle for S$173,000 as damages for the
loss.

The Investment Claim: S 71/2012

184 I turn now to the claim in unjust enrichment brought by Cristian and Denny
against Wibowo and Isabelle in respect of the monies provided for the joint
investment in Oasis Garden and Parc Mondrian. This amounts to S$607,700 from
Cristian and S$624,570.19 from Denny. The plaintiffs seek restitution of the
said sum and all gains or profit arising from the use of the monies by Wibowo
and Isabelle. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

SOC (2) (S 71) at para 27.

185 In Tjong Very Sumito v Chan Sing En and others [2012] 3 SLR 953 at [81],
the High Court held that the elements of a successful claim in unjust
enrichment are as follows:

(a) The defendant is enriched;

(b) The enrichment is at the expense of the plaintiff;

(c) It is unjust to allow the defendant to retain the enrichment;

(d) There are no available defences.

186 In the context of unjust enrichment, “unjust” refers to specific
“categories which the law recognises as sufficient to make retention by the
recipient unjust” (Deutsche Morgan Grenfell Group plc v Inland Revenue
Commissioners [2007] 1 AC 558, cited by the Singapore Court of Appeal in Wee
Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the estate of Ng Hock
Seng, deceased) and another [2013] 3 SLR 801 (“Anna Wee”) at [130]). These are
known as “unjust factors”. For example, in Andrew Burrows, The Law of
Restitution (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2011) (“The Law of Restitution”)
at p 86, unjust factors are summarised as follows (as cited in Anna Wee at
[132]):

As regards the cause of action of unjust enrichment, the main unjust factors
can be listed as follows: mistake, duress, undue influence, exploitation of
weakness, human incapacity, failure of consideration, ignorance, legal
compulsion, necessity, illegality and public authority ultra vires exaction
and payment.

187 The unjust factor relied on by the plaintiffs here is total failure of
consideration. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

PCS at para 86; PRS at para 72.

The plaintiffs argued that the defendants were enriched by the sums that they
received. The monies were transferred as consideration for their anticipated
half shares in the Oasis Garden and Parc Mondrian units. The joint investment
agreement was never carried out by the defendants. The plaintiffs assert that
the monies were therefore paid for a consideration that has totally failed.
135

##### Foot Note 135

×

PCS at para 186.

188 To succeed in such a claim, it is necessary to show a total failure of the
consideration on the part of the promisor to perform that which he had
promised: Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed, The Law of Contract in Singapore
(Academy Publishing, 2012) (“The Law of Contract in Singapore”) at para
23.252. In this context, what this means is that the promisor does not provide
that which has been promised. The claim, being based on unjust enrichment,
looks to the future performance and not the bare promise as the relevant
consideration: Baltic Shipping Co v Dillon (1993) 176 CLR 344.

189 The authors of The Law of Contract in Singapore at para 23.255 also
rightly point out that unjust enrichment can arise in both a contractual and
non-contractual context. The example provided is a situation where advances
were made to further a particular purpose or goal, and the purpose or goal
fails. In such cases, the recipient in general must return the advance. In a
similar vein, in The Law of Restitution at p 372, it is stated that the
failure of consideration analysis would be equally applicable where money was
paid over under an incomplete contract. The point is that the fact that
contract law does not impose liability (since it is an incomplete contract)
does not rule out an independent cause of action in unjust enrichment. In the
present case, I have found that a contract had been entered into in respect of
which Cristian and Denny transferred monies to Wibowo and Isabelle for the
acquisition of units at Oasis Garden and Parc Mondrian (“the joint investment
agreement”). I have also found that the investments in Oasis Gardan and Parc
Mondrian were never carried out. Wibowo and Isabelle have thus failed to
perform any part of the contractual duties that was promised. It follows that
Cristian and Denny are entitled to recover the sums that have been paid by way
of a claim for unjust enrichment.

190 I pause for a moment to examine Isabelle’s involvement with respect to the
joint investment agreement. There is no direct evidence to show that Isabelle
was a party to the joint investment agreement. That said, I am satisfied that
Isabelle was fully aware of the joint investment agreement and the purpose for
which the monies were transferred by Cristian and Denny. Further, it is clear
that the intention all along was that the two properties be purchased in the
joint names of Nila/Denny and Isabelle. Looking at the evidence as a whole, I
am satisfied that the joint investment agreement included Isabelle. The monies
were paid into Wibowo’s and Isabelle’s joint bank account at DBS. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Wibowo’s AEIC at paras 13, 55 and 60; Isabelle’s AEIC at para 23; NOE 24
February 2016 p 13 line 3–5; p 15 line 4–7.

This is the basis on which Cristian and Denny assert Isabelle was unjustly
enriched. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

PRS at para 82.

There is also no evidence to show how the monies paid into the account were
used by Wibowo and/or Isabelle. For these reasons, I find that Isabelle was
acting in concert with Wibowo. Whilst the basis of the claim against Isabelle
could have been pleaded more clearly, I am satisfied that Wibowo and Isabelle
were aware of the underlying basis of the claim in unjust enrichment.

191 I note in passing the point that there is some evidence that Cristian and
Denny had a third partner, Suraya, who was said to have a small share of about
2% in the investment made into Oasis Garden. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NOE 18 November 2015 p 16 line 24–p 18 line 7.

The evidence was, however, thin and it is unclear what the relationship was
between Cristian, Denny and this third partner. That said, it appears that
even if there was a third partner (with a small share), this was some
“private” arrangement between them. In these circumstances, I do not find this
factor relevant at all to the claim by Cristian and Denny in unjust
enrichment.

192 In these circumstances I find that Wibowo and Isabelle are liable to
return S$607,700 to Cristian and S$624,570.19 to Denny. Whilst Cristian and
Denny have claimed the right to interest, no submissions were made as to the
date from when interest should run. My decision is that interest at the usual
rate of 5.33% per annum is to be awarded from date of the writ of summons up
to the date of payment. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Supreme Court Practice Directions at para 77(5).

The Fraud Claim against Kweh, Wibowo and Isabelle: S 169/2012

193 In respect of the Chuan, it is convenient to deal first with the claim
against Kweh, Wibowo and Isabelle (the first, second and fifth defendants)
before turning to the Negligence Claims against the lawyers (the third and
fourth defendants).

194 The plaintiffs for this claim are Cristian and Nila. The crux of their
claim is that Kweh, Wibowo and Isabelle fraudulently transferred or caused to
be transferred the Chuan to Kweh. As a result, the plaintiffs suffered loss
and damage. The claim was framed under the tort of conspiracy by unlawful
means. I note that the Statement of Claim in S 169/2012 merely claimed that
the defendants fraudulently transferred or caused the transfer of the Chuan,
without specifically pleading the cause of action. That said, whilst the
pleadings could have been better, I am satisfied that the Statement of Claim
made clear that the claim was that Wibowo, Kweh and Isabelle were jointly and
severally liable for fraud. In any case, I note that no issue on this account
was taken on behalf of Wibowo, Kweh and Isabelle.

195 The tort of conspiracy by unlawful means is committed when two or more
persons combine to commit an unlawful act with the intention of injuring the
claimant. It is well-established that it is sufficient to establish the fact
of a combination or concerted action. It is not necessary to show proof of a
concrete agreement as such. The combination may even be inferred in
appropriate cases from the acts and conduct of the parties. Whilst the
unlawful means conspiracy in this case involves an allegation of fraud, the
standard of proof required remains set at a balance of probabilities. However,
it is also clear that more evidence is required to reach that standard of
proof where fraud is alleged (see The Law of Torts in Singapore at para
15.055).

196 On the facts before me, I have no doubt that the plaintiffs have
established the combination and the use of unlawful acts required to establish
the tort. Turning to the requirement of the intention to injure, I observe
that it does not require proof that the predominant purpose was to cause harm.
It is sufficient to establish that the conspirators intended the injury or
damage as the means to an end or as an end in itself. On the facts as I have
found them, I have no doubt that the requirement of intention has been
established.

197 Wibowo’s liability, on the facts as I have found them, is self-evident. I
shall proceed to elaborate on my reasons with respect to Isabelle and Kweh in
the following sections. I will then address the issue of the proper remedy
available to the plaintiffs.

Isabelle’s involvement in the transfer of the Chuan

198 As against Isabelle, the plaintiffs assert that she played a vital role in
securing Toh’s compliance with Kweh’s, Wibowo’s and her instructions. On this
basis, the plaintiffs assert that Isabelle, Wibowo and Kweh shared a common
intention to deprive them of the Chuan. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

PCS at para 252.

199 Given my earlier findings of fact, the claim that Isabelle is liable as a
joint tortfeasor by conspiracy succeeds. Isabelle’s evidence was that she
merely communicated with Toh for and on behalf of Wibowo by helping to convey
instructions and to collect documents. I find her evidence hard to accept. It
will be recalled that Toh’s evidence was that he communicated primarily with
Isabelle on matters regarding the conveyance (see [152] above). Isabelle also
asserts that it was Wibowo who was in direct communication with Kweh and that
she had little knowledge of the details of Kweh’s business and arrangements. I
have already noted (at [155] above) that Isabelle was likely to have been much
more involved in the family finances than she was prepared to admit. Beyond
this and for the reasons that were discussed earlier, I do not accept her
evidence that she did not have knowledge of the details or arrangements made
by Kweh and Wibowo on the conveyance and that she acted merely on her
husband’s instructions. Accordingly, the claim against Isabelle succeeds.

Kweh’s status in the proceedings and his involvement in the transfer of the
Chuan

200 I turn now to consider the claim against Kweh. I begin by considering
Kweh’s position in the proceedings, given that his estate was not represented
in the proceedings at trial, before examining the issue of whether the
evidence supports the finding that Kweh is liable for conspiracy.

201 It will be recalled that S 169/2012 was issued inter alia against Kweh as
the first defendant and Wibowo as the second defendant. Isabelle was later
added as the fifth defendant. The plaintiffs’ claim against the defendants is
joint and several. Under such circumstances, upon Kweh’s death, they may
choose to proceed against the other defendants, or against the representative
of the deceased and the other defendants: Foo Chee Hock JC gen ed, Singapore
Civil Procedure 2016 vol I (Sweet & Maxwell, 2016) at para 15/7/9.

202 Kweh engaged Rajah & Tann to act in his defence. By the time Kweh passed
away on 17 November 2012, a joint defence by Kweh and Wibowo had been filed by
their lawyers (on 26 April 2012). No personal representative was appointed,
even though according to the plaintiffs, they have complied with a direction
by Tay Yong Kwang J (as he then was) in earlier interlocutory proceedings to
invite family members and beneficiaries to Kweh’s Estate to come forward. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

PCS at para 318.

However, the minutes of the hearing on 13 May 2013 before Tay J records that
Wibowo and Isabelle were directed to file an affidavit stating that they did
not wish to represent the Estate of Kweh and their reasons for the decision.
142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Summons 849/2013 and RA 82/2013 of 22 April 2013 and 13 May 2013.

The said affidavit was filed by Isabelle on 3 June 2013. Eventually, no person
came forward. The Court expresses surprise at this. Kweh’s wife, Landy, who
was originally slated to testify for Wibowo and Isabelle did not come forward.
Wibowo did not step forward either, even though he intended to rely on the
signed written statement of Kweh taken at Rajah & Tann and which I have
referred to. Wibowo explained that he did not “see the purpose.” Indeed,
Wibowo was quick to add that Kweh had already given him some assets and that
he had already received what Kweh wanted to give him. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

NOE 17 February 2016 p 5 line 1; PCB p 217

Wibowo’s position was simple: he was not the legally appointed representative
of Kweh’s estate and he did not have any desire or further interest in the
estate.

203 On the death of any person, all causes of action subsisting against him
shall survive against his estate: s 10(1) of the CLA. The main exception
concerns claims for defamation which is not presently applicable. It follows
that Kweh’s death does not extinguish the cause of action which remains
maintainable against his estate.

204 Order 15 r 7(1) of the ROC also provides that “where a party to an action
dies or becomes bankrupt but the cause of action survives, the action shall
not abate by reason of the death or bankruptcy.” A representative of the
deceased’s estate may be joined to the action under O 15 r 7(2).

205 The difficulty in the present case is that no representative was appointed
for Kweh’s Estate. No family member stepped forward. It follows that it was
not possible for an application to be made for the personal representative of
Kweh to be made a party to the action under O 15 r 7(2).

206 Special provisions are set out in O 15 r 9 dealing with the position where
the cause of action has survived but no order under O 15 r 7 is made
substituting, inter alia, the personal representatives of the deceased
defendant. Jeffrey Pinsler SC, Singapore Court Practice 2014 Vol 1
(LexisNexis, 2014) at para 15/9/1 explains that the provisions under O 15 r 9
would apply, for example, where the defendant dies and the plaintiff fails to
apply for an order making the defendant’s personal representatives parties. In
such a case, the personal representatives can apply under O 15 r 9 for an
order that unless the action is proceeded with within such time as may be
specified in the order, the action may be struck out. However, no such
application was made either.

207 I pause to note that the minutes of the 13 May 2013 hearing before Tay J
also records the learned judge’s direction that after Isabelle and Wibowo have
filed the affidavit referred earlier, the plaintiffs were to proceed “by way O
15 r 10 (if applicable) and r 13A.” 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Summons 849/2013 and RA 82/2013 of 13 May 2013.

No submissions were made on the effect of this direction. It does not appear
that the plaintiffs have taken any steps under r 13A. Instead, at the start of
the hearing, counsel for the plaintiffs informed the Court that they were
applying under O 15 r 15 to proceed in the absence of Kweh and that the
decision in the proceedings bind Kweh’s Estate to the same extent as it would
had a personal representative been a party to the proceedings. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NOE 17 March 2015 p 1 line 19–22.

Even though detailed submissions were not provided, it is appropriate to
consider the applicability of O 15 r 15 in some detail. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

PCS at para 321.

208 Order 15 r 15 of the ROC provides as follows:

15.—(1) Where in any proceedings it appears to the Court that a deceased
person was interested in the matter in question in the proceedings and that he
has no personal representative, the Court may, on the application of any party
to the proceedings, proceed in the absence of a person representing the estate
of the deceased person or may by order appoint a person to represent that
estate for the purposes of the proceedings; and any such order, and any
judgment or order subsequently given or made in the proceedings, shall bind
the estate of the deceased person to the same extent as it would have been
bound had a personal representative of that person been a party to the
proceedings.

(2) Before making an order under this Rule, the Court may require notice of
the application for the order to be given to such (if any) of the persons
having an interest in the estate as it thinks fit.

[emphasis added]

209 In Wong Moy (administratrix of the estate of Theng Chee Khim, deceased) v
Soo Ah Choy [1995] 3 SLR(R) 822 (“Wong Moy”), Judith Prakash J (as she then
was) at [20] sets out four conditions to be satisfied before the court could
make an order under O 15 r 15: (i) the application is made at a time when
there are existing proceedings; (ii) the deceased person is interested in the
matter in question in the action; (iii) the deceased does not have a personal
representative; and (iv) the applicant is a party to the existing proceedings.

210 At first blush, the facts before me appear to meet the conditions referred
to in Wong Moy. The difficulty, however, is that this is a case where the
defendant was already a party to the dispute prior to his death. In Wong Moy,
Prakash J observed at [22] that:

… O 15 r 15(1) is directed at the situation where after an action has been
started and both plaintiff and defendant were litigating it, it became
apparent that a deceased person who was neither the plaintiff nor the
defendant and thus not a party to the litigation had an interest in the
subject matter of the litigation and therefore his estate should be
represented in the action. This was not the case here because when the suit
had started, the plaintiff had sued in her purported capacity as
administratrix of the deceased’s estate. She had brought the action on behalf
of the deceased and not an action on her own behalf. There was no pending
proceeding between third parties in which the deceased had an interest because
the plaintiff was in fact the deceased in other clothing.

[emphasis added]

211 The holding of Prakash J was approved in Teo Gim Tiong v Krishnasamy
Pushpavathi (legal representative of the estate of Maran s/o Kannakasabai,
deceased) [2014] 4 SLR 15. The Court of Appeal at [56] held that whilst the
word “interested” in O 15 r 15(1) had a wide ambit, it did not circumvent or
displace the rule in O 15 r 7(2). A purposive approach to O 15 r 15 was called
for. The provision only permitted the court to order that some person, not a
personal representative, may represent the estate of a deceased person where
the deceased person was not a party to the litigation.

212 Whilst the parties did not make substantive submissions before me on the
effect of the death of Kweh or indeed on the relevant case law, it is clear
that O 15 r 15 has no application in the present case.

213 Nevertheless, I am of the view that the action against Kweh continues
against his estate upon his death. Where an individual is already a proper
party to a cause of action prior to his death and in circumstances where the
cause of action does not abate and by law continues against the estate, it
cannot be right that the cause of action can be negated by the simple act of
those with the most obvious and direct interest in the estate refusing to step
forward or to seek the appointment of any individual as the personal
representative. The negation of a cause of action in such a manner is
incompatible with the fundamental rule expressed in s 10(1) of the CLA that on
a person’s death, an action against him survives against his estate. As noted
above, O 15 r 7 provides for a change of parties by reason of death, and O 15
r 9 allows for the personal representatives of the deceased defendant to
strike an action out if the plaintiff does not proceed under O 15 r 7. It
appears to me, therefore, that the default position in the absence of any
application under O 15 r 9 is that the action survives and proceeds against
the estate.

214 In the present case, whilst the plaintiffs were unsuccessful in their
applications under O 15 r 7, no application under O 15 r 9 was made (nor could
it have been made, given that Kweh has no known personal representatives).
Therefore, the action survived and proceeded against Kweh’s Estate, and this
judgment must accordingly bind his Estate. I add that even though no personal
representative has come forward, there is no doubt that Wibowo and Landy are
cognisant of the action and were content to let the action against Kweh’s
Estate continue with no representative appointed. What makes this especially
troubling is that Wibowo, the second defendant who was being sued jointly and
severally with Kweh, professed no further interest in Kweh’s Estate and had no
desire to step forward even though (i) he was representated by the same law
firm which represented Kweh; and (ii) he intended to rely on the position
taken by Kweh in the statement signed at the law firm’s offices.

215 In any event, even if I am wrong and the decision in S 169/2012 does not
bind the estate of Kweh, this does not affect the position of Wibowo and
Isabelle.

216 Returning to the question of whether Kweh is liable for conspiracy by
unlawful means, it will be recalled that Wibowo’s assertion was that all
decisions and instructions relating to the conveyance of the Chuan in
settlement of the alleged debt came from Kweh. It was Kweh’s decision to
instruct lawyers in Singapore for the conveyance. Wibowo, in turn, was merely
carrying out his father’s instructions. According to Wibowo, it was Kweh who
arranged for the documents to be signed by Cristian and Nila before notaries
public in Indonesia. There is no dispute that Kweh applied for and was granted
financial facilities from OCBC secured by the Chuan. The funds were drawn down
and transferred out of the loan account on the same day and placed into
another account held by Kweh and Wibowo. The monies were soon after
transferred out of the joint account. In these circumstances and given my
findings against Wibowo, there is a very strong inference that Kweh must have
actively participated in the fraud against Cristian and Nila. In coming to
this conclusion, I note that Kweh was not able to give his own evidence in his
own voice. Whilst there was a signed written statement, I have rejected the
contents of that written statement as being unreliable. In any event, I repeat
that the signed written statement adds little to the defence as pleaded.
Accordingly, the plaintiffs succeed in their claim against Wibowo, Isabelle
and Kweh.

Remedies

217 The plaintiffs originally sought three remedies: (i) a declaration that
the transfer to Kweh is null and void; (ii) an order for rectification of the
Register of Title at the Land Titles Registry by expungement of the Instrument
of Transfer and deleting the registration of the same by the Kweh on 28
December 2011; and (iii) damages in respect of the loss of the Chuan. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Plaintiffs’ Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) for S 169/2012 at p 16.

218 The plaintiffs subsequently amended their Statement of Claim and filed
Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) on 28 January 2014. Among other changes,
this amendment removed the prayer for the second remedy, viz, the order for
rectification of the Register of Title. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Plaintiffs’ Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) for S169/2012 at p 21.

The position remains the same in their Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3).
149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Plaintiffs’ Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) for S169/2012 at p 20.

Indeed, it was unlikely that the second remedy could have been granted, given
that the current owner of the Chuan is not a party to the proceedings. With
this in mind, I turn to the declaration sought. The declaration was not
addressed in the plaintiffs’ submissions. The plaintiffs were content to focus
on the issue of damages in their submission, arguing that damages amounting to
the value of the Chuan should be awarded. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

PCS at para 253.

In the circumstances, the declaration appears unnecessary and I accordingly
decline to make the declaration. I shall now address the claim for damages.

219 In principle, on the facts before me, the plaintiffs are entitled to
recover the value of the property that has been misappropriated. No
submissions were made on the methodology (or indeed the date) to be used in
assessing the value of the misappropriated property. On the facts before me, I
find that the appropriate basis is to make the assessment based on the market
value at the date of the appropriation. In this case, based on the material
before me, I find that the price realised at the mortgagee auction (S$1.8m) is
the best representative of that value.

The Negligence Claims against Toh and Tan: S 169/2012

220 Toh and Tan (whom, it will be recalled, are the third and fourth
defendants in S 169/2012) are the solicitors involved in the conveyance of the
Chuan. As noted earlier, the claim is essentially in negligence. There is no
claim or allegation of fraud against either solicitor.

221 The general position of Toh and Tan is that no fraud took place: that the
evidence of Wibowo and Isabelle was to be preferred over the evidence of
Cristian, Denny and Nila in respect of the alleged investment agreement in
Oasis Garden, Parc Mondrian and also in respect of the signing of the disputed
conveyancing documents, such as the sales and purchase agreement and the
Letter of Authority. For completeness, I note there remains some dispute among
Toh, Wibowo and Isabelle over: (i) whether Toh took instructions from Wibowo
and/or Isabelle on the conveyance and whether he dealt more with Isabelle than
Wibowo; and (ii) whether it was Wibowo and Isabelle who instructed Toh to
apply for the RCOT (on the basis that this was what Cristian and Nila wanted)
or whether it was Toh who took the initiative to make the application.

222 Since I have found in favour of Cristian’s and Nila’s claim against Kweh,
Wibowo and Isabelle, any liability in negligence on the part of the solicitors
must be assessed and determined in the light of the fact that a serious fraud
had been committed. Toh and Tan submit, amongst other arguments, that in that
eventuality, they were victims of the same fraud.

223 Both Toh and Tan accept that they each owed the plaintiffs a duty of care
to take reasonable steps to verify their instructions when Toh and Tan
purported to act for the plaintiffs in the RCOT application and the conveyance
of the Chuan, respectively. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Toh’s closing submissions at paras 173–174; Tan’s AEIC at para 31; Tan’s
closing submissions at para 53(a).

I find that their concessions were correctly made. While there was no contract
or retainer between the plaintiffs and Toh or Tan as an advocate and
solicitor, this does not mean that a duty of care does not arise.

224 In the decision of the Supreme Court of New South Wales in Chandra and
anor v Perpetual Trustees Victoria Ltd and ors [2007] NSWSC 694 (“Chandra”), a
solicitor was found negligent for acting without authority in applying for a
RCOT. A fraudster instructed a solicitor to obtain a RCOT using forged
statutory declarations to the effect that the original was lost. The fraudster
was then able to use the replacement certificate to obtain advances secured by
the property. In holding that a duty of care was owed, Bryson AJ held at [100]
that the plaintiffs, as registered owners, stood to be affected by the
negligence of the solicitor as much as and perhaps even more than they would
have been affected had the solicitor actually a retainer from the plaintiffs.
To this end, the remarks of Bryson AJ at [101] bear setting out:

The weakness and vulnerability of the plaintiffs’ situation was related to the
weakness of [the solicitor’s] situation in that he accepted that [the
fraudster] had authority from the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs’ vulnerability to
an event or loss such as the one which in fact occurred was very high; indeed
I cannot see how it could be any higher, as the plaintiffs had no means of
preventing [the fraudster] from getting his hands on a new [COT] and no means
of knowing that he was doing so, and the ordinary measure available to a
registered proprietor of seeing that his own [COT] is in a safe place could
not protect the plaintiffs.

225 In Chandra, Bryson AJ (at [106]) commented that the fraudster was unknown
to the solicitor, there was no confirmation of authority and not a line of
writing nor a voice on the telephone. In finding breach of duty, Bryson AJ
held that a reasonable solicitor would have wanted to see the clients and
would have wanted them to establish their identities or would have wanted a
much better story as to why they were not consulting the solicitor themselves.

226 Another Supreme Court of New South Wales case is the decision of Rein J in
Chen v Gu; Chen v Nguyen [2011] NSWSC 1622 (“Chen”). This was a case where a
husband and wife were named as co-owners in the COT. The wife sold the
property without the knowledge and consent of her husband, by forging her
husband’s signature on the contract of sale and letters of authority. The
defendant solicitor had no prior knowledge of the husband and wife. Whilst the
wife attended at his office to give instructions together with a male relative
who pretended to be the husband, the solicitor only took instructions from the
wife. The solicitor did not take any steps to verify that the person who he
thought was the husband understood the documents. No steps were taken to
verify the identity of the persons such as by means of photographic identity,
although the solicitor did take steps to check that the COT was genuine. In
the circumstances as a whole, the court found that the solicitor was negligent
in failing to take adequate steps to verify the identity of the person
presented to him as the husband. The two critical points in time were (i) when
the person was first presented; and (ii) when the wife required the net sale
proceeds to be paid entirely over to herself. In finding that there was a duty
of care owed and that this duty was breached, the Court (at [125(10)]) agreed
with the importance placed by the Chandra decision on a solicitor being
conscious of the significance of his action vis-à-vis persons who he purported
to represent.

227 In the present case, there is no doubt that both the application for the
RCOT and the conveyance are significant acts. I note that Toh had explained
that in his view, application for a RCOT was a “neutral application”, since
the intention was for a different set of lawyers to act for Cristian and Nila
in the actual conveyance and transfer of title. That may well be so. However,
the point remains that obtaining the RCOT was an essential step without which
the Chuan could not have been conveyed. I pause to note that Toh’s fees for
applying for the RCOT were actually paid for by a cheque signed by Isabelle.
152

##### Foot Note 152

×

PCS at para 241(f).

Accordingly, in the circumstances, both Toh and Tan owed duties of care to the
plaintiffs. For completeness, I add that the existence of a duty of care in
the circumstances before me is fully consistent with the principles
established by the Court of Appeal in Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v
Defence Science & Technology Agency [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100; Man Mohan Singh s/o
Jothirambal Singh v Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 735
and Anwar Patrick Adrian and another v Ng Chong & Hue LLC and another [2014] 3
SLR 761 (“Anwar Patrick Adrian”).

228 Toh and Tan both argued that they had taken reasonable steps to verify
their instructions. They each placed much emphasis on the fact that key
documents were notarised. I shall begin by surveying the rules (if any)
applicable to: (i) the verification of a client’s identity by an advocate and
solicitor; and (ii) the identification and verification of a notary public. I
will then turn to the question of whether Toh and Tan breached their duties of
care. Thereafter, I will consider questions of causation, remoteness,
mitigation and contributory negligence.

What are the relevant professional rules on verification of client identity?

229 In Fong Maun Yee and another v Yoong Weng Ho Robert [1997] 1 SLR(R) 751
(“Fong Maun Yee”), the Court of Appeal observed (at [44]-[45]) that guidelines
as to what constitutes good conveyancing practice in other jurisdictions
should be adapted and followed where possible by Singapore conveyancing
practitioners so as not to be exposed to the risk of acting without authority.
The Court of Appeal endorsed para 1.3.1 of Silverman, The Law Society’s
Conveyancing Handbook (1993) (England), which states that where the solicitor
is instructed by one person to act on behalf of that person and another (for
example as co-vendors), the non-instructing client’s authority to act and
consent “should be confirmed directly with the person concerned.” The Court of
Appeal also cited with approval para 9.05 of The United Kingdom Law Society’s
Guide to the Professional Conduct of Solicitors (1990), which states that
where instructions are received not from the client but from a third party
purporting to represent that client, a solicitor should obtain written
instructions from the client that he wishes him to act or “in any case of
doubt he should see the client or take other appropriate steps to confirm
instructions”.

230 In Singapore, the applicable rules can be found in the various iterations
of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2010 Rev
Ed) (“PCR (2010)”). Under the PCR (2010), before a lawyer accepts instructions
to act in a matter, the lawyer must “take reasonable measures to ascertain the
identity of a client as soon as reasonably practicable”: r 11D(1) of the PCR
(2010). If such instructions emanate from an agent on behalf of a principal
client, the lawyer “shall take reasonable measures to ascertain the identity
of the principal client”: r 11D(2).

231 Rule 11D of the PCR (2010) is of general application to the
solicitor/client relationship. It is not limited to any particular type of
transaction or any particular circumstances.

232 The PCR (2010) goes on to set out further provisions dealing with the duty
of the lawyer to know the client’s business relationship. In particular, r
11F(1)(a) imposes such a duty where the lawyer acts for a client in the
acquisition, divestment or any other dealing of any interest in real estate.
In such a case, the lawyer or law firm must obtain satisfactory evidence as to
the nature and purpose of the business relationship with the client in the
matter and the business relationship between the client and any other party to
the matter: r 11F(2).

233 The provisions in PCR (2010) were amplified by Practice Direction 1 of
2008 (“PD (2008)”), which was issued by the Council of the Law Society of
Singapore (I note for completeness that PD (2008) has since been superceded by
Practice Direction 1 of 2015). The preamble of PD (2008) explains that the
direction is concerned with the prevention of money laundering and funding of
terrorist activity.

234 PD (2008) Part (c) goes on to explain how client identification is to be
carried out. It provides that the duty is “to identify and then verify the
identity of a client before starting work on any matter.” It goes on to set
out detailed provisions. For example, para 14 provides that the client’s
identity must be verified using reliable, independent data or information at
the beginning. Paras 22 and 23 require the lawyer to ascertain the identity of
the principal client, check the identity of the agent who is giving
instructions, establish that the agent in fact represents the client, and
verify that he has the specific authority to relay instructions to the lawyer
on behalf of the client. Part (d) recognises that in some cases (depending on
the type of client and type of business or transaction) “simplified know your
client” checks may suffice. For example, simplified checks may suffice if the
client is an individual or entity where reliable information on the identity
of the client and its beneficial owners is publicly available. In the present
case, given that Toh has never been instructed by Cristian and Nila before on
any matter (and, indeed, he has no personal knowledge of them at all), it is
clear that simplified know your client checks are not appropriate or indeed
permitted under PD (2008).

235 Leaving aside cases where a law firm, after conducting client due
diligence, makes a decision to carry out a risk-based simplified know your
client verification, PD (2008) Part (e) sets out detailed provisions on the
actual steps to be taken in identifying a client. In the case of face-to-face
meetings, evidence of identity can be obtained and verified by sight of the
original identity card or international passport or a driving license. Where
the lawyer is unable to meet the client face-to-face, a certified true copy of
the identity document must be provided. In addition, the lawyer is required to
“take appropriate precautions to ensure that the client’s identity and
particulars…are adequately verified.” Part (e) states that “a lawyer/law
practice must not accept a fax or photocopied version of identity documents
which is not adequately verified as the same may be fabricated.”

236 Toh takes the position that PD (2008) does not apply. Toh submits that PD
(2008) only applies in the context of money laundering and terrorist funding
activities. The submissions, with respect, are hard to follow. The danger and
harm which PD (2008) seeks to prevent or mitigate is indeed money laundering
and/or terrorist activity. Nevertheless, PD (2008) in my view is of general
application. It is clearly intended to inculcate a system where proactive
steps are to be taken to avoid or minimise the risk of the law firm being
involved inadvertently in money laundering activities. PD (2008) Part (f)
mandates that a full know your client check must be conducted in the case of
new clients. Furthermore, PD (2008) Part (j) at para 60 specifically refers to
the requirement in r 11F(1)(a) of PCR (2010) that the lawyer must takes steps
to know his client’s business whenever there is any acquisition or divestment
of real estate. That said, it is appreciated that the objective of PD (2008)
is to control or detect money laundering and terrorist financing. Even though
strict compliance will render fraud on individual clients or members of the
public more difficult, it is not the immediate objective of PD (2008) to
protect clients and members of the public from fraud as such. Nevertheless,
for reasons that will become clear below, I am of the view that this makes
little difference on the facts before me.

What rules (if any) apply to identification and verification of a Notary
Public?

237 Toh asserts that there are no specific rules in the PCR (2010) or PD
(2008) that require the lawyer to take steps to confirm and verify the
identity of a person who witnesses documents as a notary public. Much is made
of the fact that there are provisions in the ROC and the EA which makes clear
that a party producing and relying on a notarised document does not have to
prove that the seal in fact belongs to the notary public in question. To this
end, reference was made to O 41 r 12 of the ROC, which provides that a
document purporting to have affixed or impressed or subscribed thereon the
seal or signature of a notary public in the testimony of an affidavit shall be
admitted in evidence without proof of the seal or signature being that of the
notary public. However, O 41 r 12 of the ROC is about admission of the
document in an affidavit in evidence. It does not necessarily mean that a
lawyer is entitled to assume, as part of his duty of due diligence, that the
signature or seal is indeed the seal or signature of the person name as the
notary public or that the affidavit was in fact signed before the notary
public. This is considered further below.

238 Toh also relies on section 59(1)(f) of the EA. This provides that the
court is to take judicial notice of all seals which English courts take
judicial notice, the seals of all the courts in Singapore, the seals of
notaries public and all seals which any person is authorised to use by any law
in force for the time being in Singapore. In my view, this provision does not
assist. Section 59 is about facts which need not formally be proved. These
facts are regarded as being so well-established that the court may assume its
existence without proof. Jeffrey Pinsler SC, Evidence and the Litigation
Process (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2015) at para 11.002 explains that “in such
circumstances, proof is unnecessary because the fact has an objective
existence beyond, and unaffected by, the specific circumstances of the case.”
It is accordingly not necessary to adduce evidence that the seal used by a
notary public is a seal that is authorised for use by that notary public. The
provision, however, is not about the duty of a lawyer to confirm and verify
the identity of a person who witnesses documents as a notary public.

239 Finally, Toh also relies on section 87 of the EA which states that the
court will presume that powers of attorney purportedly authenticated by a
notary public were indeed so authenticated.

240 A large number of cases from various jurisdictions (including Malaysia,
Hong Kong and the United States of America) was cited to support the
proposition that a litigant who challenges the authenticity of signatures on a
notarised document “must meet a high threshold to discharge their burden of
proof”. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Toh’s closing submissions at para 248.

The cases cited were: NKR Arunsalam Chettiar a/l Karuppan Chettiar v Goh Yew
Jin & Ors [1999] 6 MLJ 202; Brooke v Brooke (1881) 17 Ch D 833; Free Focus Ltd
v Fels China Ltd [1990] 1 HKLR 731; Butler v Encyclopedia Brittanica Inc 41 F
3d 285 (7th Circuit, 1994); 1st Coppell Bank v Smith 742 S.W. 2d 454 (Tex.
App. Dallas, 1987). Reference was also made to the principle that “great
respect is accorded to notarial acts” (see NP Ready, Brooke’s Notary (Sweet &
Maxwell, 13th Ed, 2009) (“Brooke’s Notary”) at p 90, citing The Hedwig (1853)
1 Spinks E & Ad 19). The point made is that a person appointed as a notary
public has the duty to take care in carrying out his responsibilities. His is
an office of trust and the veracity of the statements made by the notary
public in a document is “accepted without question” (Brooke’s Notary at p 90).

241 Toh relies on the above cases and provisions in support of the submission
that good practice in Singapore permits solicitors to rely on notarised
documents without requiring further verification of the notary public. In
addition, the point was made that the SLA in fact accepts notarised documents
without requiring further proof of the person appearing as notary public.

242 Whilst this Court is not bound by the overseas decisions, I have no doubt
that Singapore can and does take judicial notice of the seal of a notary
public and that in the absence of convincing contrary evidence, it is presumed
that a document which on its face appears to have been regularly notarised,
has in fact been properly notarised. The key question before me, however, is
whether a solicitor can always rely on the fact that the document in question
appears to have been signed by the client before a notary public, whose name,
seal and signature appears on the face of the document, as being sufficient to
fulfil his obligation to take due care to his client. In the specific
circumstances of the case before me, can Toh rely on the fact that he was
given application forms for RCOT and statutory declarations which appear to
have been signed before Hengki in Indonesia as sufficient to discharge his
duty to establish the identity of his client and his instructions to act? This
is considered next.

Is Toh in breach of his duty to identify his client and to confirm
instructions to act?

243 The leading decision on the duty of a lawyer to confirm his instructions
to act is Fong Maun Yee, which I have referred to earlier at [229] above. In
that case, the appellants sued the respondent lawyer, inter alia, for
negligent misrepresentation and breach of warranty of authority. A property
agent had used forged documents to trick the appellants into thinking that the
seller (a company) had resolved to sell a property and to appoint the
respondent as their lawyers for the sale. Neither the appellants nor the
respondent was aware that the documents (including the option) were forgeries.
The respondent carried out a company search to confirm that the persons who
signed the resolution and option were the purported seller’s directors,
communicated this information to the appellants, but did not obtain a letter
of appointment from the sellers. The property agent absconded with the
appellants’ monies.

244 The Court of Appeal found that the respondent had breached his duty of
care by not taking steps to verify his instructions from the seller. As a
result, the respondent was found liable for negligent misstatement to the
appellants as well as breach of warranty of authority. On the particular
facts, the Court of Appeal found that by failing to verify his instructions to
act directly from the seller, there was a clear foreseeable risk that the
respondent would be acting without authority. The risk could have been avoided
by getting direct confirmation from the seller. At the very least, the
respondent should have informed the appellant that he had not been able to
confirm his instructions direct from the seller. Support for this conclusion
was found in the statement of Lord Brightman in Edward Wong Finance Co Ltd v
Johnson Stokes & Master (a firm) [1984] AC 296 (“Edward Wong”) at 306 that in
assessing whether solicitors fell short of the standard of care, three
questions had to be considered: first, did the practice as operated by the
solicitors in the instant case involve a foreseeable risk? If so, could that
risk have been avoided? If so, were the solicitors negligent for failing to
take avoiding action?

245 Several points are to be noted about the decision in Fong Maun Yee. First,
the Court of Appeal reached its conclusion notwithstanding that there was
evidence that it was sufficient to rely on the resolution and option and that
it was not the practice in Singapore to verify instructions. Instead, the
question of the required standard of care “is not really what the practice is
or what a particular solicitor would have done in a particular situation but
the extent of the legal duty in a given situation, which is a question of law”
(Fong Maun Yee at [46]).

246 Second, the suit was brought by the would-be buyers for negligent
misrepresentation and breach of warranty of authority which caused the buyer
to hand over monies to the property agent. The suit was not by the purported
sellers (as in the present case before me). It appears that the transaction
was never completed. The respondent denied that he owed any solicitor-client
duties to the appellants. I note that the Court of Appeal stated at [40] that
it could not be denied that, as a matter of law, the respondent owed a duty to
the appellants to exercise care and skill as their solicitor. This second
point bolsters my earlier conclusion that Toh and Tan owed duties of care to
the Cristian and Nila.

247 I return now to the question of standard of care and breach. There is no
dispute that the standard required is what a reasonably competent solicitor
would do having regard to the standards normally adopted in his profession.
Toh rightly stresses that the standard is not based on hindsight citing the
following passage from JSI Shipping (S) Pte Ltd v Teofoongwonglcloong (a firm)
[2007] 4 SLR(R) 460 (“JSI Shipping”) at [69]:

…a court must always guard against the “scapegoat effect” that often magnifies
ex post facto and makes plausible culpability by employing the spectacles of
hindsight…the standard of reasonable care [must] be objectively assessed on
the basis of knowledge then reasonably available as well as measures that
could have been reasonably adopted at the material time. The acid test is
certainly not one of retrospective plausibility.

248 Whilst evidence as to existing conveyancing practice may be relevant, a
number of points should be borne in mind. First, is there convincing evidence
of the conveyancing practice which the defendant asserts and relies on?
Second, even if there is evidence, it does not follow that the practice is
conclusive of the issue: Edward Wong.

249 In some cases, such as Fong Maun Yee, there may be conflicting evidence on
what is the established practice. Indeed, in assessing the opinion expressed
by the “expert”, much may depend on the level of generality at which the
question is posed. Both Toh and Tan gave evidence that when clients signed
documents overseas, they would customarily rely on documents signed before a
notary public. This was said to be the relevant conveyancing practice. Thus,
Toh asserts that it would not be reasonable to require him to demand or obtain
verification that the documents were genuine in that they were really signed
before the notary public. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Toh’s closing submissions at paras 236-239

250 The problem, however, is that leaving aside the various provisions on
accepting or recognising notarial seals, there is no independent evidence of
the conveyancing practice in Singapore. Further, the question is not whether
the court accords the greatest respect to acts of a notary public or even
whether judicial notice is to be taken of notarial seals and signatures. The
question is what steps would a reasonably competent solicitor in a position
such as Toh be expected to take to verify his instructions from Cristian and
Nila, on the particular facts and circumstances before him.

251 Toh submits that sufficient steps were taken because he: (i) requested and
received written instructions from Cristian to make the application; and (ii)
received the relevant application forms and statutory declarations which
appeared to have been signed by Cristian and Nila before Hengki, the
Indonesian notary public. Whilst these notarised documents were used for the
first RCOT application, and the application failed because of insufficient
information on what happened to the original certificate, Toh asserts that he
had no reason to suspect that Cristian and Nila did not know of the
application.

252 The circumstances in which Toh made the first and second RCOT applications
have been set out in some detail above. In my judgment, the steps taken by Toh
were clearly insufficient on the facts for the following reasons:

(a) The transaction was not a standard sales and purchase agreement. One of
the registered proprietors (Cristian) was said to be heavily indebted to Kweh,
the “buyer”, and the transfer of title was by way of satisfaction of that
debt.

(b) Toh was instructed to act for Kweh, the creditor and buyer. It was not
Toh’s intention to act for the registered proprietors (Cristian and Nila).

(c) Toh received all his instructions from Isabelle and Wibowo, the son of
Kweh. These included information on the alleged debt owed by Cristian, the
agreement to transfer the Chuan so as to satisfy the debt, and instructions
that the original COT was lost. Whilst Wibowo claimed that the decision that
Toh could make the application for a RCOT was made by Toh himself, it is clear
that Toh made the application because he thought he had instructions from
Wibowo to do so on behalf of Cristian and Nila.

(d) Toh had no prior dealings with Cristian and Nila.

(e) Toh made no attempts at all to verify Cristian’s and Nila’s instructions
or consent prior to his making the first RCOT application. This was so even
though Wibowo had provided Toh with an email address at which he could contact
Cristian. Indeed, if the first RCOT application had been successful, the
replacement certificate would have been obtained without any verification at
all (aside from the fact that the application and statutory declaration
appeared to have been notarized).

(f) When the first RCOT application was turned down by SLA (for insufficient
information), instead of trying to contact Cristian and Nila himself, Toh
merely requested Wibowo to contact Cristian for further information so as to
satisfy SLA. Shortly thereafter, Toh received an email apparently from
Cristian setting out brief details requested. This was the first direct
“communication” Toh had with Cristian. Even then, the email was from a
different email address. The email was not sent by Cristian in reply to an
email from Toh. There was no request for Cristian to provide the information
personally or any attempt by Toh to speak to Cristian by telephone.

(g) Whilst the second RCOT application was successful, it appears that the
RCOT was never passed to Tan. In any case, it is clear that Tan was unaware
and had no knowledge at all that a RCOT had been applied for and that Toh had
made the RCOT applications.

253 Bearing in mind rr 11D(1), 11D(2) and 11F(1)(a) of the PCR (2010) (see
[230]-[232] above), I am of the view that any reasonable solicitor in the
position of Toh would have taken further steps to verify Cristian’s and Nila’s
instructions to apply for a RCOT. The fact that great respect is paid to the
acts of a notary public, is neither here or there. In Chandra, the court found
at [104] that everything the solicitor knew and saw depended on the sincerity
of the property agent who claimed to represent the registered proprietors. In
the present case, the reality is that Toh thought he could trust the words of
Wibowo. He asserts that he had no reason to doubt Wibowo and thought that it
was sufficient in the first instance to just rely on the fact that the first
RCOT application and documents appeared to have been signed by Cristian and
Nila before a notary public. This was so even though he had never met Cristian
and Nila or had any contact with them. He was also content to pass the
documents to Wibowo for transmission to Cristian and Nila for signing in
Indonesia.

254 It goes without saying that the measures to be expected from a reasonably
competent solicitor must be commensurate with the risk of harm. In this
regard, I repeat the observation of the Supreme Court of New South Wales in
Chandra at [106] that “a solicitor[] handling title documents of a client or
of a supposed client calls for vigilance. Possession of a [COT] is charged
with economic significance: loans are made on their mere deposit, even without
writing.”

255 Whilst I accept that there is no evidence as to whether loans are extended
in Singapore simply on deposit of a COT, the point remains that the COT is an
important document. The remarks in Chandra (at [107]) referring to the
mischief which can arise from misuse of RCOTs falling into the wrong hands, as
well as the need for a solicitor to consider fully what he is doing and to
obtain appropriate authority when handling COTs, bear underscoring. Toh was
prepared to accept Wibowo’s explanation of the background debt without direct
confirmation of the same from Cristian and Nila. As in the case of Chandra at
[106], I am of the view that at the very least, a much better explanation
ought to have been sought from Wibowo as to why Cristian and Nila were unable
to consult a solicitor directly by themselves. Indeed, in the circumstances,
the question remains as to why Toh did not ensure that the RCOT when obtained
was passed to Cristian and Nila or Tan.

256 In coming to my decision, I note the remarks made in Chen. In that case,
the solicitor argued that a requirement for a solicitor to obtain photographic
identification of the identity of a new client unknown to him, at least where
the new client is not referred to him by a person well-known to the solicitor,
will have wide reaching implications and effect. Against this, the Supreme
Court of New South Wales stressed at [129] the importance of balancing that
consideration against the significance of important documents of title in the
title registration system, the fact that the capacity for harm to the owner is
considerable and the task of seeking photographic identification is not
particularly onerous. In the present case, Toh (and Tan) argue that, aside
from requiring signed and notarised documentation, it will be very onerous to
take further steps to verify the identity of a client who is overseas. It is
accepted that the more steps required, the greater the inconvenience and
expense of the verification procedure. However, as evident in Chen, this must
be balanced against the risk of harm and the particular circumstances of each
case. Whilst Toh makes the point that he was familiar with Wibowo and
Isabelle, it is clear that he has never met Kweh nor had he any prior
knowledge or dealings with Cristian and Nila. Toh was well aware that the
transfer of the title was for the purposes of extinguishing a rather large
debt said to be owed to Kweh. Even if Toh had been shown or provided with a
mere copy of Cristian’s and Nila’s passports, this would not have provided any
assurance. It may be different if Cristian and Nila had actually appeared
before Toh when the original passports are produced to verify their
identities.

257 I pause to note that in Fong Maun Yee, the Court of Appeal at [41] noted
the view expressed at first instance that a lawyer is not the insurer for his
client’s own folly nor is he obliged to guarantee the validity of a
transaction which documentation he did not prepare. But just as this was not
the point in Fong Maun Yee, the same is equally true in the present case. Toh
was responsible for preparing the application and draft statutory declarations
for the RCOT. He was purporting to do this for Cristian and Nila and with
their authority. In failing to take proper steps to verify his instructions,
there was a foreseeable risk that he would be acting without authority. Toh
may well have been honest in expressing his belief that he could trust Wibowo
and that the email from Cristian in respect of the second RCOT application was
genuine and had confirmed his instructions to act. This is not an answer
however to the claim in negligence.

258 I note also Toh’s submission that, even if there was a foreseeable risk
(that he might be acting without authority), this was not a risk that could
have been avoided. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Toh’s closing submissions at para 217(b).

Toh’s position is that short of requiring a face-to-face interview with
Cristian and Nila, there was nothing else that could be done, especially since
the second RCOT application documents appeared to have been signed in
Indonesia before a notary public. The point, however, is that this is not a
case where the solicitor has taken adequate steps in the first place to verify
his instructions and authority to act. Relying on the application and
statutory declaration as confirming his instructions begs the question:
instructions to do what and from whom? The whole point of verifying
instructions and authority to act is to lessen the risk that the solicitor is
acting without authority and being used by some party to commit fraud.

259 Professor Tan Yock Lin (“Professor Tan”) in The Law of Advocates and
Solicitors in Singapore and West Malaysia (Butterworths Asia, 2nd Ed, 1998)
(“The Law of Advocates and Solicitors”) at p 350 discusses the duty of a
solicitor to verify that he has instructions to act from all joint owners and
states that a solicitor’s negligence or omission to do his duty in verifying
the identity of all his clients means that he assumes responsibility for any
who has not in fact retained him. The case cited as authority is Penn v
Bristol and West Building Society [1995] 2 FLR 938. The plaintiff and her
husband were joint owners of a house. The husband ran into financial
difficulties which the wife was unaware of. The husband made arrangements to
sell the property to raise monies. The wife was unaware of this. The husband
and the purchaser colluded and forged the wife’s signature on the conveyance
and contract of sale. Solicitors were instructed to act in the sale. The
solicitors did not verify the instructions to act from the wife. Instead he
merely sent a letter addressed to the husband and wife. This letter was
intercepted by the husband who proceeded to forge her signature on the
property questionnaire. Judge Kolbert found (at 949) the wife was never a
client of the solicitor. Nevertheless, the solicitors owed a duty of care to
her as she was reasonably within their contemplation when the solicitors
received the title deeds. The wife’s interest as co-owner meant that she was
sufficiently proximate to the transaction in which they were engaged. The
solicitor had assumed he had the authority of both husband and wife. The court
also held that he had ready means to discharge that duty. He should have
written directly to the wife to seek her confirmation or to take other steps
such as to require her to call at his office. Had this been done, the fraud
would have been “stopped dead in its tracks”. The fact that the husband may
well have intercepted such a letter evidently did not impress the court.
Indeed, I note that the solicitor submitted that his failure to check whether
he did have authority did not have any effect on her existing interest. The
fraud would have been perpetrated in any case. The submission was rejected and
the court found that as a direct consequence the fraud took place causing
direct loss and distress to the wife.

260 Similarly, in the present case, I am of the view that more could and
should have been done by Toh to confirm and verify his instructions directly
with Cristian and Nila. Even though he did receive what he assumed was a
response from Cristian and Nila in respect of information for the second RCOT
application, I am of the view that he should have been far more pro-active and
to have independently sought information and instructions by means of a direct
communication with the registered owners. To rely on an intermediary who is
taking instructions from the creditor and would-be buyer is fraught with risk.

261 I pause here to repeat the warning of the Court of Appeal in Mahidon
Nichiar bte Mohd Ali and others v Dawood Sultan Kamaldin [2015] 5 SLR 62
(“Kamaldin”) at [144]:

It is even more imperative for the solicitor to communicate directly with all
the clients where (as in the present case) he has been approached by only one
of them who, quite obviously is the party that stands to benefit from the
intended transaction. The solicitor would be seriously mistaken if he believes
that he has the informed consent of all the clients based only on the word of
one of them. In these circumstances, what the solicitor must do is communicate
directly with the ostensibly disadvantaged clients and confirm with them that
the instructions which he has received are indeed reflective of their
intentions…

[emphasis in original]

262 This case involved an estate matter wherein four siblings and their mother
were beneficiaries to their late father’s estate. One sibling, X, was also the
sole administrator. X instructed a firm of solicitors to prepare a deed
whereby the other three siblings renounced their interests in the late
father’s estate in favour of their mother and X. The solicitor took the
instructions solely from X and did not verify the instructions independently
with the three siblings. It is in this context that the above warning was set
out by the Court of Appeal. The present case is different in that Toh had
always intended that Cristian and Nila (the sellers) should be represented in
the conveyance by separate lawyers to avoid any possible problem with conflict
of interest. Nevertheless, at the time when he decided to assist in the
application for a RCOT for Cristian and Nila, he was already acting for Kweh,
the buyer. Toh clearly knew that the RCOT was essential but reasoned that the
act of applying was “neutral.” In my view, it was incumbent on Toh, much for
the same reasons articulated by the Court of Appeal in Kamaldin, to
communicate directly with Cristian and Nila and obtain unambiguous
confirmation of his authority to act. This is especially since Toh knew or
understood that Cristian and Nila were in a sense being forced to “sell” the
Chuan because of the debt that was owed to Kweh: a debt on which he only had
the instructions of Wibowo. Toh did not even have direct confirmation of the
debt from Kweh at that time. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

NOE 1 March 2016 p 42 line 3–10.

Even if Toh was of the view that there was no risk because Tan was to be
engaged to act for Cristian and Nila in the conveyance, I am of the view that
a reasonably competent solicitor would at the very least have informed Tan
expressly of the problem with the COT, that Toh had obtained a RCOT for
Cristian and Nila and that his instructions were being provided to him by
intermediaries, namely, Wibowo and Isabelle. On balance, I am of the view that
Toh is in breach of his duty to identify his client and to confirm his
instructions to act.

Is Tan in breach of his duty to Cristian and Nila?

263 Tan’s position on the applicable law in respect of his duty to Cristian
and Nila is similar to the position argued by Toh. To be clear, Tan does not
dispute the existence of the duty to take reasonable care by the standards of
a reasonably competent and diligent conveyancing lawyer. Tan does not dispute
that the duty includes a duty to take reasonable measures to ascertain the
identity of his client and to verify the instructions to act. However, he
denies any breach of the duty on the facts.

264 Tan’s case is that he took all reasonable steps in the circumstances to
ascertain the identity of his clients and to verify his instructions to act in
the conveyance of the Chuan. Tan submits that the circumstances against which
the reasonableness of his conduct is to be assessed includes the following:

(a) Tan had no prior knowledge of Cristian and Nila, the registered
proprietors.

(b) Tan had no knowledge of Wibowo or Isabelle during his involvement in the
conveyance.

(c) It was Toh who referred the matter to Tan for the purposes of Tan acting
for the would-be sellers.

(d) Tan was informed by Toh that he (Toh) was acting for the would-be buyer in
the sale and purchase. Toh never told Tan that he had never met Kweh before
and was in fact receiving his instructions through intermediaries, Wibowo and
Isabelle.

(e) Toh provided Tan with two email addresses and a phone number at which he
could contact Cristian and Nila.

(f) Tan made a few unsuccessful attempts to contact Cristian at the phone
number.

(g) Tan sent an email on 7 December 2011 to the two addresses provided by Toh
requesting confirmation and attaching a draft sales and purchase agreement and
Letter of Authority.

(h) Tan also provided a copy of the Letter of Authority to Toh so that Kweh
could pass the same to Cristian and Nila at an upcoming meeting in Indonesia.
Whilst there is a dispute as to whether this was done at Toh’s suggestion, it
is not disputed that Toh did receive a copy of the Letter of Authority by
email which he then passed to Wibowo and Isabelle. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Toh’s SAEIC at paras 4.2.2–4.2.6; Tan’s AEIC at paras 23–24 and 26.

(i) Tan received a confirmation by email from Cristian on 12 December 2011
(“the confirmatory email”), which confirmed the contents of Tan’s email and
stated that the purchase price had already been fully paid.

(j) The Letter of Authority was returned to Tan bearing the signatures of
Cristian and Nila and signed before Ali Husein, an Indonesian notary public.

(k) Tan accepts that he never had a face–to-face meeting with Cristian and
Nila. Neither did he ask for their identity documents. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

NOE 2 March 2016 p 12 line 19–25.

(l) Tan was aware that the conveyance of the Chuan was for the purpose of
repayment of a debt.

(m) Tan also received documents relevant to the conveyance from Toh that on
their face were signed by Cristian and Nila before a notary public in
Indonesia. These included the sale and purchase agreement dated 13 June 2011
and the Instrument of Transfer.

(n) Tan also communicated with someone purporting to be Cristian by email on
23 December 2011 on the question of an earlier completion date.

(o) Tan was not informed by Toh that he had assisted Cristian and Nila obtain
a RCOT. Indeed, Tan had been informed by Toh on 22 December 2011 that the
original COT was in his possession. Tan accepts that he did not perform a
fresh title search prior to completion. Instead, he relied on a title search
conducted by Toh on 6 July 2011. Tan accepts that if a title search was done
in December 2011 the fact that a RCOT had been issued would have been
apparent.

(p) Completion of the sale was brought forward and took place on 28 December
2011.

265 Tan’s position is that he acted as a reasonably competent and diligent
solicitor. He had been referred the business (to act for the seller) by Toh, a
fellow advocate and solicitor who was acting for the buyer. In these
circumstances, Tan asserts that he acted reasonably in relying on (i) the
confirmatory email; and (ii) the Letter of Authority which appeared to have
been signed before a notary public.

266 To Tan’s credit, the confirmatory email that he received was in response
to an email that Tan had sent to Cristian at the email address which had been
provided by Toh. The difference between this confirmatory email and the email
which Toh received from Cristian providing further information for the second
RCOT is clear (see [252(f)] above). In Toh’s case, he had never initiated
direct communication with Cristian at any email address, let alone at the
email address that he says Wibowo provided him with. The email that purports
to be from Cristian was apparently sent to Toh because Toh had asked Wibowo to
contact or ask Cristian to provide the information. Toh never felt any need to
pro-actively initiate direct communications of any sort with Cristian and
Nila. On the other hand, it could be said that Tan at least took the
initiative and did email Cristian directly at the address which Toh had
provided for confirmation, and later appeared to have received such
confirmation. There is also some evidence that Tan had attempted
unsuccessfully to call Cristian at the number provided by Toh. Further, whilst
there is some dispute as to when Toh first asked Tan whether he was interested
in acting, it is clear that Tan was only engaged late in the day: sometime in
December 2011. The date for completion was not far off and indeed was later
brought forward.

267 However, on balance, it is in my view still insufficient for Tan to simply
rely on the confirmatory email and the signed Letter of Authority. The email
address was provided by Toh and not by Cristian and/or Nila. Email addresses
can be easily set up. Moreover, it is one thing to rely on a signed Letter of
Authority where Tan had obtained direct reliable confirmation of Cristian’s
and Nila’s instructions (such as by means of a face-to-face meeting); it is
quite a different matter to rely on the same where there has been no direct
reliable confirmation from them. I accept that the effort required to obtain
direct and reliable confirmation of instructions can be inconvenient and incur
expenses. This is, however, not a reason for not taking the steps as I have
noted above.

268 Tan’s position is that Toh did not provide him with any other information
which gave rise to any cause for concern. This included the fact that the
original COT was said to have been lost and that Toh himself had been involved
in the process of applying for a RCOT for Cristian and Nila on the
instructions of Wibowo. Indeed, it appears that Tan’s position is that Toh
misled him (whether accidentally or otherwise) into thinking that Toh had
possession of the original COT. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

AB p 235.

However, Tan knew that this was not the usual case where a buyer will transfer
money to the seller to complete the purchase. The transfer was instead made in
order to satisfy a large debt said to be owed by one of the registered
proprietors (Cristian) to an Indonesian businessman in Indonsesia. Even though
Toh, a fellow advocate and solicitor, was referring the would-be sellers to
Tan, much more should have been done to verify the instructions from Cristian
and Nila. If Tan had pressed Toh for more information, something he should
have done as reasonably competent solicitor, he would have realised that Toh
himself did not have any direct knowledge of the registered proprietors.

269 In these circumstances, I am satisfied that Tan breached his duty of care
in failing to take reasonable steps to verify his instructions, for example,
by requiring a face–to-face meeting or conference call.

270 In coming to this decision, I note the plaintiffs’ argument that Tan
should have conducted a more current title search. If he had done this, he
would have in all likelihood discovered that a RCOT had been obtained. Armed
with that knowledge, a competent solicitor in Tan’s position would have taken
further steps to require explanation and verification of the RCOT from
Cristian and Nila. The need to conduct an updated title search before
completion is underscored by the importance attached to the Certificate of
Correctness that Tan was required to sign in the Instrument of Transfer.

271 Tan submits that whilst the taking of such steps may have revealed the
fraud, breach is not to be assessed using the lens of hindsight. In addition,
Tan’s evidence was that it is common practice for solicitors in Singapore to
rely on title searches which are less than six months old and that it was
common for a seller’s solicitor to rely on a title search provided by the
buyer’s solicitor. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NOE 1 March 2016 p 155 line 15-22.

There is no independent evidence, however, that this is in fact the common
practice in Singapore.

272 In Anwar Patrick Adrian, the Court of Appeal agreed at [57] that an
accurate certificate of correctness was of paramount importance because the
Registrar of Titles and the public place enormous faith on the certificate,
especially where it emanates from an advocate and solicitor. By signing on the
certificate, the solicitor must have thought he had the authority to act. For
this and other reasons, the Court of Appeal found that an implied retainer
existed.

273 The point, however, is that the remarks in Anwar Patrick Adrian on the
certificate of correctness were made in connection with the question whether
an implied retainer and a duty of care existed. In the present case, there is
no dispute that Tan owes a duty of care. The question is whether he acted in
breach of the duty of care that he readily accepts he owes. There is nothing
in Anwar Patrick Adrian that states a solicitor must conduct a title search
shortly before completion and the signing of the certificate of correctness.
There is no doubt that a title search must be done. However, as argued by Tan,
a title search was done by Toh and produced to Tan. Looking at the facts and
circumstances as a whole, I am unable to conclude that by failing to do a
fresh search in mid-December 2011 (or thereabouts), Tan had fallen below the
standards of a reasonably competent and diligent solicitor. For the avoidance
of doubt, this court is not holding that the duty owed by a solicitor will
never require a fresh or updated title search to be conducted shortly before
completion. Whether such a step is needed must depend on the facts and
circumstances of each case.

274 Nevertheless, this does not detract from my finding that Tan is negligent
in failing to take adequate and reasonable measures to identify his clients
and to confirm his instructions in a reliable manner.

Causation and the Negligence Claims against Toh and Tan

275 Toh submits that even if there was a breach of duty on his part, the
breach did not cause any loss. Instead, the loss was caused by the fraud of
Wibowo and Isabelle as well as the negligence of Tan, which constituted novus
actus interveniens and broke the chain of causation. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Toh’s closing submissions at paras 281-291

Tan, on the other hand, submits that “the chain of causation was broken by
[Toh’s] involvement in the application for a [RCOT]”. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Tan’s closing submissions at paras 149–150.

276 Adapting the language of Lord Sumner in Weld-Blundell v Stephens [1920] AC
956 at 986, where novus actus interveniens is established, the effect is to
“insulate” the first tortfeasor from the victim. It follows that it is not
sufficient to merely establish that the intervening act was a “conduit pipe”
through which the consequences created by the defendant’s negligence flowed.
Novus actus interveniens requires proof of a wholly independent cause of
damage which breaks the chain of causation (see TV Media Pte Ltd v De Cruz
Andrea Heidi [2004] 3 SLR(R) 543 at [76]). In other words, it refers to a “new
intervening act that takes place between the defendant’s negligent conduct and
the damage”: The Law of Torts in Singapore at para 07.071.

277 I begin with Tan’s submission on causation which can be easily disposed
of. Since Toh’s involvement in the RCOT application preceded Tan’s tort, the
former cannot be said to have broken the chain of causation for the latter.

278 In relation to the submission by Toh that Tan’s negligence had broken the
chain of causation, I am similarly unable to follow the argument. It was Toh
who introduced the conveyance of the Chuan to Tan with the intention that Tan
should act for the sellers. It was Toh who provided Tan with a particular
email address at which Tan might contact Cristian. It was Toh who assisted Tan
in sending the Letter of Authority to Wibowo and Isabelle for passing over to
Cristian and Nila for signing in Indonesia. Toh also informed Tan that he had
in his possession the COT – without telling Tan the history of his involvement
in procuring what was in fact a RCOT.

279 Indeed, quite apart from the fact that Tan did not know that Toh earned
fees for the RCOT application, it appears that Isabelle also arranged for
Tan’s fees to be sent to Toh for onward transmission to Tan. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

NOE 29 February 2016 p 56 line 5–10.

In these circumstances (bearing in mind that causation is not a precise
science but a matter of overall justice), I am unable to see how Tan’s
negligence could amount to a “wholly independent cause” which severed the
chain of causation beginning with Toh’s own negligence in applying for the
RCOT without first making proper checks to identify Cristian and Nila and his
instructions to act.

280 In coming to this conclusion, I found the following passage from the Court
of Appeal decision in Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric
[2007] 3 SLR(R) 782 at [54] helpful:

As illustrated by the example just discussed, sometimes, the defendant’s
conduct sets off a sequence of events, each one of which is a necessary link
in the causal chain between the initial wrong and the claimant’s damage. In
such cases, the court has to determine whether any of the intervening events
can be said to be said to be so significant causally as to break the causal
link to be regarded as a novus actus interveniens. There is usually no dispute
as to what in fact happened to cause the claimant’s damage; rather the
question is which event will be treated as the cause for the purpose of
attributing legal responsibility. The court therefore has to decide whether
the defendant’s wrongful conduct constituted the “legal cause” of the damage.
This recognises that causes assume significance to the extent that they assist
the court in deciding how best to attribute responsibility for the claimant’s
damage: see M’Lean v Bell (1932) 48 TLR 467 at 469. In effect, as Andrews J
quite candidly put it in Palsgraf v The Long Island Railroad Company 248 NY
339 (1928) at 352:

[B]ecause of convenience, of public policy, of a rough sense of justice, the
law arbitrarily declines to trace a series of events beyond a certain point.
This is not logic. It is practical politics.

[emphasis in original]

281 I pause to note that it is in fact unclear whether novus actus
interveniens is available in cases where the subsequent intervening act or
event is tortious in nature (see Baker v Willoughby [1970] AC 467, Jobling v
Associated Dairies Ltd [1982] AC 794, Salcon Ltd v United Cement Pte Ltd
[2004] 4 SLR(R) 353 and The Law of Torts in Singapore at para 07.068).

282 This is not a matter, however, that this court needs to examine. As set
out at [278]–[279] above, I am satisfied that the negligence of Tan is not a
wholly independent cause of the loss of the Chuan. It did not break the chain
of causation. Indeed, this is a case where both acts of negligence, sequential
though they were, caused and contributed to the same loss. In coming to this
conclusion, I have also found the following hypothetical discussed by Goff LJ
in Muirhead v Industrial Tank Specialties Ltd [1986] QB 507 at 532–533
helpful:

…Let it be supposed that pumps installed at a fish farm for these purposes cut
out; and that a supervisor engaged by the fish farm failed negligently to call
at the farm for a week or so with the result that the discovery of the fault
was delayed and the fish died in consequence. In such a case there would be
two contributory causes of the damage—the failure of the pumps, due to the
negligence of the manufacturer, and the failure to attend at the fish farm,
due to the negligence of the supervisor. I cannot see that the former could
escape liability on the simple basis that he did not anticipate the negligence
of the latter, especially when the purpose for which his goods were to be used
was, as he should have appreciated, to preserve the health and lives of the
fish. Only where the act or omission of another was of such a nature that it
constituted a wholly independent cause of the damage, i.e., a novus actus
interveniens, could the manufacturer escape all liability for the damage…

283 I turn now to the submission that the chain of causation was broken by the
deliberate and intentional fraud of Wibowo and Isabelle. If Cristian and Nila
were victims of that fraud, Toh was also a victim of the same fraud. Toh
submits that, as a general principle, the more deliberate and intentional the
third party act, the more likely it will be taken to constitute a novus actus
interveniens. That said, it is clear that novus actus interveniens is not
applicable where the intervening act was something that was likely to occur or
where the risk of it occurring was glaringly obvious (see The Law of Torts in
Singapore at para 07.078, referring to Home Office v Dorset Yacht Co Ltd
[1970] AC 1004).

284 In deciding whether the chain of causation has been broken, it is
necessary to bear in mind the nature and scope of the duty that was breached
by the defendant. For example, it is obvious that a security guard engaged to
patrol an estate cannot point to the deliberate acts of a burglar as breaking
the chain of causation between his falling asleep on the job and the losses
sustained by a householder. The Court of Appeal in Chong Yeo and Partners and
another v Guan Ming Hardware and Engineering Pte Ltd [1997] 2 SLR(R) 30 (at
[58]) cited with approval the following remarks of Oliver LJ in Lamb v Camden
London Borough Council [1981] QB 625 at 640:

What is referred to as the “chain of causation” may be broken and the most
common example of a break in the chain is the intervening act of a third
person over whom the tortfeasor can exercise no control. Such an intervention
does not always break the chain, and in particular, it will not do so where
the very breach of duty relied on is the duty of the defendant to prevent the
sort of intervention which has occurred…

285 The issue of causation and solicitor’s negligence was also considered in
the recent case of Nava Bharat (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Straits Law Practice LLC
and another and another suit [2015] SGHC 146 (“Nava Bharat”). The High Court,
after citing the remarks of the Oliver LJ, went on to approve the observations
of Carnwath J in British Racing Drivers’ Club Ltd v Hextall Erskine & Co
[1996] 3 All ER 667 at 681:

… [I]n cases of solicitor’s negligence, it is unlikely that the conduct of the
solicitor will itself be the direct cause of the damage which is suffered.
More usually the basis of the claim is the solicitor’s failure to protect the
client against some other effective cause. The question, therefore, is whether
the particular loss was within the reasonable scope of the dangers against
which it was the solicitor’s duty to provide protection.

286 In a similar vein, Denning LJ in Roe v Ministry of Health and others,
Woolley v Ministry of Health [1954] 2 All ER 131 at 138 postulated that
“causation, as well as duty, often depends on what you should foresee” and
that the question was “is the consequence fairly to be regarded as within the
risk created by the negligence.”

287 Toh submitted that he did not owe any duty to Cristian and Nila to detect
and prevent the fraud committed by Wibowo and Isabelle. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Toh closing submissions at para 285.

Instead the duty owed “was confined to the 2nd Application for [the RCOT].”
165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Toh’s closing submissions at para 285(a).

Toh argued that the act of “[o]btaining the replacement certificate of title,
in and of itself, could not give rise to the loss which the plaintiffs now
complain, namely the fraudulent transfer of the property.”

288 In support, considerable reliance was placed on the decision in Nava
Bharat. In that case, the plaintiff entered into a series of agreements with
one Dicky Tan (“DT”). The goal of the agreements was to enable the plaintiff
to gain control of an Indonesian company, of which DT was the president
director and majority shareholder. The plaintiff was represented by his own
lawyer. DT was represented by another lawyer, Chidambaram Chandrasegar (“CC”).
It was alleged that DT (together with others) later sold or dispersed the
shares in the company (by bringing proceedings to reverse his share ownership)
as a result of which loss was caused to the plaintiff. An action was brought
against DT, the plaintiff’s own lawyer as well as CC. The essence of the claim
against CC was that he had been negligent in failing to protect the
plaintiff’s interest against fraud by DT. The High Court found fraud by DT
against the plaintiff. The High Court went on to find that even if CC owed a
duty of care to the plaintiff (which it found he did not), the acts of DT in
reversing the shares were not reasonably foreseeable. The High Court held at
[566] that CC neither knew nor was involved in the alleged conspiracy to
defraud the plaintiff. CC was not under a duty to protect the plaintiff from
fraud. It followed that even if CC was negligent, (i) his negligence was not
the effective cause of the losses; or alternatively (ii) the acts of DT broke
the chain of causation (at [567]). In reliance on Nava Bharat, it was
submitted that Toh likewise owed no duty to prevent the fraud of Wibowo and
Isabelle. By the time the transfer took place, Toh had already ceased to act
for Cristian and Nila.

289 In my view, Nava Bharat was decided on its own particular facts and
circumstances. The primary holding was that CC did not owe any duty of care to
the plaintiff. Given that the plaintiff had conceded that CC was not under a
duty to protect the plaintiff from fraud, the High Court found that the cause
of the alleged losses was the acts of DT (and others) in procuring the share
reversals which CC was not involved in. Alternatively, the High Court stated
that it would have found that the share reversal was a novus actus
interveniens which broke the chain of causation. In my view, the facts of that
case bear little relevance to the present case.

290 I also note the submission that even if Toh had required more
identification and proper verification of instructions on the RCOT, it was
likely that false identification material would have been provided. A similar
argument was made and rejected in Chen. In that case, the court held at [135]
that if the solicitor had taken steps to question the man purporting to be the
husband, that man would not have been able to produce legitimate
identification. The court was also not satisfied on the balance of
probabilities that he would have produced false identification. Instead, there
is a strong likelihood that the wife would have withdrawn her instructions to
proceed. In the present case, I am similarly not satisfied that false
identification documents will have been produced such that the fraud would
still have succeeded; this is a matter of pure speculation. Instead, if Toh
had taken adequate steps to verify the instructions directly with Cristian and
Nila, it is likely that the fraud would have been discovered.

291 Parties also made submissions on the decision of the Supreme Court of
Western Australia in Zeljko Mrsa (As Executor of Estate of Late Ivan Mrsa) v
Mrsa [2014] WASC 482 (“Zeljko”). In this case, the daughter, M, of the
registered proprietor of a piece of land committed fraud by forging a power of
attorney of her father and obtaining a RCOT. Another daughter signed the power
of attorney as a witness to the execution by the father. She was brought in as
a third party. Whilst the third party claimed that she was not aware of the
fraudulent intention of M, the court found that she must have known that the
representation made by the power of attorney was false. The property was then
sold by M to the Western Australia Planning Commission. The plaintiff (the
father) obtained a default judgment against M with damages to be assessed. The
problem was that the whereabouts of M was unknown and, indeed, it was likely
that she was no longer even in Australia. Whilst the plaintiff sought to
proceed with the assessment of damages against M, the Supreme Court of Western
Australia declined to do so for procedural reasons and because of lack of
utility. What remained was the plaintiff’s claim against the Registrar under
the Transfer of Land Act 1893 (Western Australia) (“the Transfer of Land Act”)
and the Registrar claim against M and the third party for an indemnity.

292 Section 205 of the Transfer of Land Act provides that any person who has
sustained loss “… by the registration of any other person as proprietor and
who by the provisions of this Act is barred from bringing an action for
ejectment … may in any case in which the remedy by action for recovery of
damages as herein provided is inapplicable bring an action against the State
with the Registrar as nominal defendant for the recovery of damages.”

293 It was clear that the Western Australia Planning Commission had become the
registered proprietor by reason of the fraud of M and that the plaintiff had a
claim under section 205.

294 The Supreme Court of Western Australia held at [24] that the plaintiff was
entitled under section 205 to recover the amount of money as would place him
in the same position as if the deprivation of title had not taken place. In
some cases, the appropriate measure will be the value of the land at the time
of deprivation of title by registration of another proprietor. In other cases,
it might be the value of the land at date of judgment (at [25]). On the facts,
this compensation was assessed at A$1,290,000.

295 In this context, the Registrar sought to recover in deceit on the basis
that the State had sustained damage by the Registrar acting on the false
representations of M. In particular, the assertion by the Registrar was that
in obtaining a RCOT and in executing the transfer of land as her father’s
attorney, M had made representations knowing and intending that the Registrar
would rely on them. It was in this context that the court held at [76] that
the damage was caused by the fraudulent inducements. But for M’s fraud, the
title of the Western Australia Planning Commission would not have been
registered.

296 The Supreme Court of Western Australia held (at [75]) that the act of
obtaining the RCOT was material to the registration of the transfer. The fraud
by which the RCOT was obtained did not directly cause the loss, although it
provided an instrument by which the later fraud was facilitated.

297 In reliance on this case, Toh submits that where a fraudster obtains a
RCOT and uses it to transfer the property, it is the fraud which will be
regarded as causative of the loss “and not any alleged negligence by other
parties.” 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Toh’s reply submissions at para 117.

298 With respect, I disagree with this interpretation of Zeljko. The Supreme
Court of Western Australia at [75] was dealing with section 205 of the
Transfer of Land Act and the question of whether the State could claim an
indemnity. As was clear at [77] of Zeljko, section 205 provided for payment of
compensation by the State under a statutory compensation scheme. That scheme
was implemented to support the operation of a title registration system that
provided for indefeasibility of title. The liability of the State did not
depend on fraud or some other tort. The Supreme Court of Western Australia’s
final decision was that section 205 did not contemplate that payments made by
the State, as a result of its liability under section 205, being a loss that
is recoverable in an action for deceit or any other tort. The present context
is markedly different from Zeljko.

299 Indeed, it is to be noted that the Supreme Court of Western Australia also
held at [79] that the conduct of the third party (in signing as witness) also
met the “but for test” (for liability in tort). Nevertheless, this was not
causative of the State’s loss and the Registrar’s claim under section 205
(which is concerned with statutory compensation).

300 The key point is that the Supreme Court of Western Australia was not
dealing with the question of the liability of a solicitor whose negligence led
to the issuance of the RCOT used by a fraudster to effect a title transfer.
There is nothing in the decision which supports the statement that in such a
case, the acts of the fraudster is the effective cause of the loss to the
exclusion of the negligence of the solicitor. In such cases, it appears to me
that the RCOT was an instrument of fraud and was essential to making good the
fraudulent transfer. If a solicitor’s negligence (failure to confirm identity
and instructions) resulted in the issuance of the instrument of fraud, it is
hard to see why, barring exceptional cases, the negligence ceases to be
causative when the fraud is completed.

301 Professor Tan in The Law of Advocates and Solicitors at p 383 rightly
cautions that careful attention to the scope of the duty of care is necessary
precisely because it does not follow that every loss caused by the advice in
question or the information supplied must be guarded against by the solicitor.
Professor Tan cautions that the solicitor’s liability must not be spread too
wide.

302 Sometimes, the balance is found in resolving the question of whether a
duty of care was owed on the particular facts. In other cases, it may be the
matter is better approached from the perspective of breach and standard of
care required. The third possibility is to approach the issue from the
perspective of causation including remoteness. The present case is not
concerned with negligent advice or failure to provide information to the
plaintiffs. It is mainly concerned with the duty of care owed by Toh to take
reasonable steps to identify his client and to verify his instructions and
authority to act in respect of the application for a RCOT. Toh emphasised that
a duty of care is confined to the second RCOT application. With respect, this
begs the question: what is the scope of the duty of care that is owed in tort
in this respect? This can only be sensibly answered by taking account of the
reason why the duty of care arose in the first place: what is the harm the
foreseeability of which generates the duty of care?

303 In Chandra, the Supreme Court of New South Wales, after referring to
“recent experience of frauds involving wrongly obtained duplicate certificates
of title”, commented (at [107]) that “the need for a solicitor to consider
fully what he is doing and obtain appropriate authority when handling [COTs]
is quite obvious.” Whilst there is no evidence before me as to whether fraud
and RCOTs are common or well-known, I am of the view that it is because of
this obvious danger, there is a duty to take reasonable care to identify the
client and to verify or confirm his instructions to act. As applied to the
facts and circumstances of the case at hand (Toh was getting his instructions
from an intermediary and not from the registered proprietors of whom he had no
knowledge of), the importance and significance of Toh’s duty to identify his
client and to verify his instructions to apply for a RCOT is obvious. The
failure of Toh to take reasonable steps to confirm his instructions with the
registered proprietor lead to the issuance of the very RCOT that was essential
to the completion of the fraudulent transfer. In my judgment, looking at the
circumstances as a whole, the fact that Toh had ceased to act for Cristian and
Nila at the time when the conveyance and transfer was completed does not
affect the issue of causation. This is especially since Toh had told Tan that
he had possession of the COT.

Is the loss suffered too remote to be recoverable against Toh?

304 Toh argues that aside from causation, the losses are too remote to be
recoverable. The general principle is well-known: the question is whether the
type of damage was reasonably foreseeable and not whether the defendant could
have foreseen the full extent of the damage: Saatchi & Saatchi Pte Ltd and
others v Tan Hun Ling (Clarke Quay Pte Ltd, third party) [2006] 1 SLR(R) 670
at [11]. The Law of Torts in Singapore at para 07.105 rightly comments that
where third party acts are involved, the judicial analysis can be especially
complicated and may traverse duty of care (policy), causation as well as
remoteness. Indeed, as earlier discussed, a remoteness driven approach
necessarily involves a question over the scope of the duty owed and breached.

305 Toh relies on JSI Shipping in support of his submission that the losses
are too remote. In JSI Shipping, an action was brought against an accounting
firm for negligent auditing of the company accounts. Three categories of
losses were claimed: (i) payment of excessive remuneration to the director;
(ii) encashment of fraudulent or unauthorised cheques by the director; and
(iii) payments to the director for fictitious office renovation expenses. The
Court of Appeal held at [107] that the essence of an audit was to obtain and
provide reasonable assurance that a company’s accounts provided a true and
fair view of the financial position of the company. This encompassed the duty
to verify and to be sensitive to the possibility of fraud. On the facts, the
Court of Appeal found that the accounting firm owed a duty of care to make
proper enquiries so as to verify the director’s remuneration. It was not
enough in the particular circumstances for the accountant to just rely on a
confirmatory email sent by the client: additional enquiries should have been
made to “ensure the chastity of the verification process”. The problem,
however, was that the claim extended to include losses arising from payments
on fraudulent cheques and office expenses. The Court of Appeal held that it
was not convinced that proper verification of the director’s entitlement to
remuneration would have led to a realistic chance of discovery, prevention and
recovery of these items. At [144], the Court of Appeal stated that the breach
of duty only related to the failure to take adequate steps to verify the
director’s remuneration and that this breach was not to be conflated with the
alleged failure to detect fraud by verifying all the alleged false invoices
and cheques.

306 JSI Shipping well demonstrates the thin line between duty, causation and
remoteness. The decision also demonstrates the highly fact-sensitive nature of
the inquiry. In my judgment, the present case can be distinguished. The scope
of the duty and breach in JSI Shipping concerned the failure of the accounting
firm to take proper steps to confirm or verify the director’s remuneration.
For this reason, the Court of Appeal found that this breach was the effective
cause of the losses arising from the excessive or unauthorised remuneration.
The Court of Appeal was of the view (at [155]) that even if proper steps were
made to verify the remuneration, this did not mean that the losses arising
from the fraudulent cheques and expense claims would have been caught. In
short, the breach found did not have any causative effect in respect of these
other losses.

307 In the present case, I have found that Toh was in breach of his duty by
failing to take proper steps to identify Cristian and Nila and to verify his
instructions and authority from them in respect of the RCOT application. On
the facts, a successful application for a RCOT was essential if the transfer
of the property was to take place. The breach by Toh was thus an effective
cause of the loss sustained by Cristian and Nila, the registered proprietors.
The fact that Wibowo and Isabelle (together with Kweh) had acted deliberately
and fraudulently in using the RCOT as an essential document in completing the
transfer does not break the chain of causation any more than the deliberate
acts of the director in JSL Shipping amounted to a break in the chain of
causation in respect of the excessive remuneration.

Did the plaintiffs fail to take reasonable steps to mitigate the loss?

308 Toh and Tan both submit that Cristian and Nila failed to mitigate their
loss by (i) failing to lodge a caveat on the property in a timely manner; and
(ii) failing to make an application for a Mareva injunction against Kweh,
Wibowo and/or Isabelle in a timely manner. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Toh’s closing submissions at para 302; Toh’s Defence (Amendment No 2) at para
19B; Tan’s Defence (Amendment No 2) at para 14C.

309 In support of the contention, Toh relies on the decision of the Court of
Appeal in The “Asia Star” [2010] 2 SLR 1154 (“The Asia Star”) where it was
said at [24] that:

…[t]he aggrieved party must take all reasonable steps to mitigate the loss
consequent on the defaulting party’s breach, and cannot recover damages for
any loss which it could have avoided but failed to avoid due to its own
unreasonable action or inaction….

310 I note that The Asia Star was a decision on the duty to mitigate in
respect of a breach of contract, a voyage charterparty. However, it is clear
that the duty to mitigate arises in respect of both claims in tort and
contract. Andrew Burrows in Remedies for Torts and Breach of Contract (Oxford
University Press, 3rd Ed, 2004) at p 122 explains that the duty to mitigate
“is a restriction placed on compensatory damages. A claimant should not sit
back and do nothing to minimize loss flowing from a wrong but should rather
use its resources to do what is reasonable to put itself into as good a
position as if the contract had been performed or the tort not committed.” In
a similar vein, The Law of Torts in Singapore at para 20.098 summarises the
principle as follows:

It is the defendant’s burden to show that the plaintiff ought to have taken
reasonable steps to prevent or reduce the plaintiff’s loss arising from the
defendant’s tort. If the defendant is able to discharge his or her burden, the
loss claimable by the plaintiff would be reduced accordingly. The question of
mitigation is one of fact, not law. The standard of conduct expected of the
plaintiff in mitigation is generally not a high one considering that the
defendant is the wrongdoer.

311 The facts and circumstances relied on in support of the assertion of a
failure to mitigate are as follows:

(a) 28 December 2011: the Chuan was transferred to Kweh.

(b) 16 February 2012: Kweh signed the letter of offer to mortgage the Chuan to
OCBC.

(c) 22 February 2012: Cristian and Nila discovered that the Chuan had been
transferred to Kweh by way of the Defence filed in S 71/2012.

(d) 24 February 2012: OCBC registered a caveat on the Chuan.

(e) 28 February 2012: the plaintiffs unsuccessfully filed a caveat.

(f) 29 February 2012: OCBC registered the mortgage.

(g) 1 March 2012: the plaintiffs’ amended caveat was registered.

(h) 1 March 2012: A one-day account was opened at OCBC by Kweh. The loan was
disbursed into this account. The funds were withdrawn on the same day by a
cash withdrawal and two transfers to another joint account of Kweh and Wibowo
at OCBC. Kweh’s OCBC account was closed.

(i) 2 March 2012: A generally endorsed Writ of Summons in S 169/2012 was
filed, on the basis of which Cristian and Nila obtained a Mareva injunction
which, inter alia, prohibited Kweh from (i) disposing of the sum of
S$1,245,270; and (ii) disposing of and/or diminishing the value of the
property.

(j) March to April 2012: Monies in the joint account of Kweh and Wibowo were
disposed by a series of telegraphic transfers and cash withdrawals.

(k) 21 May 2014: the Chuan was sold by mortgagee auction for S$1.8m.

(l) The balance of S$167,999.65 was paid into Court pursuant to the Mareva
injunction.

312 I shall address the issues of the caveat and Mareva injunction in turn.

The lodging of a caveat

313 Toh argues that Cristian and Nila had sufficient time to lodge an
effective caveat which would have prevented the mortgage of the property to
OCBC. Cristian and Nila were aware of the transfer of the Chuan on 22 February
2012. Whilst OCBC registered its own caveat on 24 February 2012, the mortgage
was only registered on 29 February 2012. The argument is that if a caveat had
been lodged before 29 February 2012 or, indeed, 24 February 2012, the attempt
by Kweh to mortgage the Chuan to OCBC would have failed or at least would have
been subject to their interest. Toh submits that until the mortgage was
actually registered, OCBC only had an equitable interest in the property under
Walsh v Lonsdale (1882) 21 Ch D 9. According to Toh, if Cristian and Nila had
lodged the caveat before OCBC had lodged its own caveat on 24 February 2012,
OCBC would have notice of the fraud committed by Kweh and would have been
unable to lodge their own caveat. Toh also submits that even if Cristian and
Nila had lodged a caveat between 24 February and 29 February 2012, OCBC would
have been notified of that caveat. Thereafter OCBC would have either
challenged the plaintiffs’ caveat or withdrawn its own caveat. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Toh’s closing submissions at para 321.

The point made is that if the plaintiffs had given timely instructions to
their lawyers to lodge a caveat, the mortgage to OCBC could have been
prevented. Instead, the evidence is that instructions were only given on 28
February 2012.

314 I reject Toh’s submissions. The reality is that Cristian and Nila were
unable to come to Singapore immediately to discuss matters with their
Singapore lawyers because (a) Nila’s father was critically ill; and (b)
Cristian had other urgent business matters to attend to (see [140] above). In
this regard, Toh submits that there is no independent evidence to support
these reasons and there was no reason why instructions could not have been
given immediately to lodge a caveat. This is inaccurate. In fact, on 22 or 23
February 2012, Cristian’s and Nila’s lawyers, Lee & Lee, were able to speak to
them about the defence that had just been filed. It will be recalled that the
defence in S 71/2012 was filed on the last day permitted under the ROC.
Cristian expressed his shock to his lawyers and indicated that he would come
to Singapore as soon as he was able to do so. In the meantime, his lawyers
started an immediate investigation to verify the allegations on the Chuan made
in the Defence that had just been filed. The steps taken included the
following. First, on 23 February 2012, a STARS search was conducted by Lee &
Lee at the SLA. The search confirmed the transfer of the Chuan to Kweh on 28
December 2011. At that date, no registered or pending interest in the Chuan
had been registered. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Cristian’s SAEIC at para 6.

315 Second, upon discovering that Tan acted in the conveyance, enquiries were
made with Tan. Tan agreed to send copies of the relevant documents to Lee &
Lee. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Cristian’s SAEIC at para 7.

Third, on 28 February 2012, Cristian returned to Singapore and confirmed to
Lee & Lee that the sale to Kweh was unauthorised. A draft caveat was uploaded
on SLA STARS e-lodgment portal at 4.30 pm. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Cristian’s SAEIC at para 10.

On 29 February 2012 at 4.55pm, the SLA notified Lee & Lee that the caveat had
been rejected on the grounds that the basis for the caveat was not made clear.
172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Cristian’s SAEIC at para 11.

On the same day, Lee & Lee also received copies of documents from Tan,
including the Letter of Authority and the Sales & Purchase Agreement. Cristian
and Nila examined these documents and informed Lee & Lee that they did not
sign the documents and that neither had appeared before the notaries public in
Indonesia. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Cristian’s SAEIC at para 12.

A second amended caveat was lodged with SLA and registered on 1 March 2012.
174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Cristian’s SAEIC at para 15.

316 In this regard, I note Tan’s submission that the plaintiffs were at fault
for the rejection of the caveat application on 29 February 2012. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Tan’s closing submissions at para 161.

Whilst the first attempt to register a caveat failed because the SLA required
more details on the basis of the claim, I am of the view that this failure
cannot be categorised as a “fault” or carelessness.

317 To be clear, the first caveat application sets the ground out as
“[c]onstructive trust arising out of unauthorised transfer of the land to the
Registered Proprietor.” The SLA rejected the application because “[t]he
Grounds of Claim does not clearly state on how the Caveators derive their
interest from the registered proprietor.”

318 The second and successful caveat application made on 1 March 2012 sets the
ground out as: “Constructive trust arising out of the transfer of the land to
the Registered Proprietor by fraud or deception committed by the Registered
Proprietor and others in concert.” It is noted that the SLA in fact sought
further clarifications by phone call from Lee & Lee on 1 March 2012. It was
only after Lee & Lee explained to the SLA that Cristian and Nila intended to
swear a statutory declaration, file a police report and apply for an
injunction that the caveat was lodged and registered. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Cristian’s SAEIC at para 14.

319 Accordingly, I find that the plaintiffs did not fail to mitigate their
losses with respect to the lodgement of the caveat.

The failure to obtain an earlier Mareva injunction

320 Toh also submits that if Cristian and Nila had obtained a timely Mareva
injunction against Kweh and Wibowo, they could have prevented the mortgage to
OCBC and thereby significantly mitigated their loss. By the time a Mareva
injunction was obtained, the mortgage had already been registered and the
funds disbursed to Kweh’s account, from which it was transferred to another
joint account held by Kweh and Wibowo. Toh also submits that the Mareva
injunction obtained on 2 March 2012 did not in any case prevent Kweh and/or
Wibowo from removing his assets from Singapore up to the value of S$1.8m. I
stress, however, that the question is not whether (with the benefit of
hindsight) the plaintiffs could have reduced the losses by taking out an
earlier Mareva injunction or a Mareva injunction that was more broadly framed.
The question is whether the plaintiffs had acted reasonably at the material
time.

321 Toh also complains that as matters now stand, Cristian and Nila cannot
rectify the land register since OCBC has already taken possession and sold the
Chuan by mortagee sale to a third party purchaser. Only the sum of
S$167,999.65, representing the excess proceeds of sale of the Chuan, remains
and has been paid into court. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Toh’s closing submissions at para 329.

This may well be so, but the law is cognisant of the fact that the plaintiffs
were placed into a perilous situation by Toh and Tan’s breaches of duty. In
these circumstances, I reject the assertion that Cristian and Nila acted
unreasonably and breached their duty to mitigate their loss. For the avoidance
of any doubt, I also reject any suggestion that the plaintiffs’ lawyers were
negligent in the responses that were made.

322 In coming to this decision, I note the finding in The Asia Star at [43]
that there is strong support for the view that the court should adopt a
generous approach in assessing the aggrieved party’s conduct in mitigation. I
also agree with the statement in Jia Min Building Construction Pte Ltd v Ann
Lee Pte Ltd [2004] 3 SLR(R) 288 (“Jia Min Building Construction”) at [73]
that:

…Mitigation is neither an exact science nor a mathematical exercise. It must
be viewed through a commercial lens and measured by commercial common sense.
The court will not audit every decision made in the turmoil of a difficult and
fluid commercial situation….

323 Whilst The Asia Star and Jia Min Building Construction dealt with
mitigation in the context of a contractual claim, I accept that the same
general principle applies to claims in tort. Whilst it may also be said that
the reference to “commercial lens” and “commercial common sense” is usually
more appropriate for contractual disputes, the general sentiment is clear. A
detailed forensic examination aided with a heavy dose of hindsight is not the
correct approach to take. It is sufficient if the plaintiffs have acted
reasonably in the circumstances in which they found themselves. In the present
case, I find that the plaintiffs have acted reasonably and thus did not fail
to mitigate their losses.

Were the plaintiffs contributorily negligent?

324 Tan submits that Cristian and Nila were contributorily negligent for
signing documents on 7 December 2010 and again on 20/21 June 2011 without
verifying the contents. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Tan’s closing submissions at paras 165–167.

I reject this submission. It will be recalled that Cristian and Nila believed
they were signing documents for the investment in the Oasis Garden unit on 7
December 2010. They had no reason to suspect Wibowo’s and Isabelle’s bona
fides at that stage. The circumstances under which Nila and Cristian signed
further documents on 20/21 June 2011 has been dealt with earlier. In any case,
it bears repeating that on Wibowo’s and Isabelle’s own case, the conveyancing
documents were actually signed by Cristian and Nila in Indonesia before
notaries public. What is clear, in my findings, is that Cristian and Nila
never signed any of the disputed documents before notaries public in
Indonesia. It must follow that their signatures on these documents were either
forged or obtained surreptitiously from Cristian and Nila at some other place
and time. For these reasons, I am not satisfied that Cristian and Nila were
contributorily negligent in the manner complained of.

Claims by Toh

325 In this section, I shall examine in turn whether Toh succeeds against
Wibowo and Isabelle in his claims for contribution or indemnity, and his claim
in the tort of deceit.

Is Toh entitled to a contribution or indemnity from Wibowo and Isabelle?

326 Section 15(1) of the CLA provides that:

Subject to subsections (2) to (5), any person liable in respect of any damage
suffered by another person may recover contribution from any other person
liable in respect of the same damage (whether jointly with him or otherwise).

327 Sections 16 (1) and (2) of the CLA go on to state:

(1) Subject to subsection (3), in any proceedings for contribution under
section 15, the amount of the contribution recoverable from any person shall
be such as may be found by the court to be just and equitable having regard to
the extent of that person’s responsibility for the damage in question.

(2) Subject to subsection (3), the court shall have power in any such
proceedings to exempt any person from liability to make contribution, or to
direct that the contribution to be recovered from any person shall amount to a
complete indemnity.

328 Toh submits that he is entitled to claim a contribution from Wibowo and
Isabelle on the basis that they are liable to Cristian and Nila for the same
damage that is the unauthorised transfer of the Chuan. Wibowo and Isabelle are
jointly and severally liable for the fraud that was committed. The liability
of Toh is different in that it lies in negligence. A distinction is drawn in
tort law between joint tortfeasors who cause indivisible injury to the
plaintiff and a case where several concurrent tortfeasors who committed
independent acts which have resulted in the same damage. In the former case,
the plaintiff is entitled to sue any one joint tortfeasor for the whole
damage. That tortfeasor may in turn bring a claim for contribution against the
other tortfeasor. In the latter case, several torts are committed and which
result in the same damage. These tortfeasors are severally liable for their
independent acts and torts. They are not joint tortfeasors: The Law of Torts
in Singapore at para 18.030. Prior to 1998, the CLA only provided for
contribution where the liability of the tortfeasors was as joint tortfeasors
for the same damage. The statutory provisions were amended in 1998 so to
permit inter alia a claim for contribution, even where the liability is
several in respect of the same damage (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report (26 November 1998) vol 69 at cols 1694–1695 (Assoc Prof Ho
Peng Kee, Minister of State for Law)). In the present case, I am satisfied
that the two torts, whilst distinct and several, have resulted in the same
damage viz the loss of the Chuan. That being so, Toh is prima facie entitled
to seek a contribution from Wibowo and Isabelle. Apportionment of liability is
based on the seriousness of the respective parties’ fault and the causative
impact on the plaintiffs’ loss: The Law of Torts in Singapore at para 18.036,
citing Downs v Chappell [1997] 1 WLR 426 at 445. Toh submits that in terms of
culpability, the fraud committed by Wibowo and Isabelle is by far the more
serious.

329 In Nationwide Building Society v Dunlop Haywards Ltd and Cobbetts (a firm)
[2009] EWHC 254 (Comm), the plaintiff (lender) suffered a loss when it relied
on fraudulently over-stated valuations of a property in making loans to a
company. The action was brought by the lender against the valuers for deceit
and against its own solicitors for negligence (failing to alert the lender to
the indicia of fraud which they should have spotted). The English High Court
found at [47] that the two tortfeasors were on the facts at least to some
extent liable and responsible for the same damage. That damage was eventually
quantified at some £6.6m. The High Court apportioned the loss at 80% for the
valuers and 20% for the solicitors, holding at [77]:

…In my judgment the relative proportions should be 80%/20%. The moral
blameworthiness of [the valuers] and the causative potency of the fraud of its
agent are very much greater than that of [the solicitors]. [The valuers’]
deceit was bare-faced fraud … That deceit was the prime reason for [the
plaintiff] making the advances that it did. [The solicitors] should have
alerted [the plaintiff] to the indicia of fraud … But their failing was not to
pick up on the fraudulent scheme rather than to play any part in it.

330 Coming back to the present case, I agree that the culpability of Kweh,
Wibowo and Isabelle is far greater than that of Toh. Further, whilst both
torts were the cause of the same loss, I have little doubt that the causative
impact and moral blameworthiness of the fraud of Kweh, Wibowo and Isabelle was
far greater. I am of the view that Toh is entitled to an 80% contribution from
Wibowo and Isabelle in respect of his liability for the loss.

331 I note for completeness that Tan has not claimed an indemnity or
contribution against Wibowo or Isabelle. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Tan’s Statement of Claim; Notice Served Pursuant to Rules of Court Order 16
Rule 8 by the 4th Defendant against the 3rd Defendant dated 10 November 2014.

He has, however, claimed an indemnity or contribution against Toh. This claim
is addressed at [339] below.

Is Toh entitled to succeed in his claim against Wibowo and Isabelle in deceit?

332 Given that I have found that Toh is liable to Cristian and Nila for the
loss of the Chuan (apportioned as above), the question that remains is whether
Toh succeeds in his own claim against Wibowo and Isabelle in the tort of
deceit. The elements of this tort, as stated by the Court of Appeal in
Panatron Pte Ltd and another v Lee Cheow Lee and another [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435
at [14], comprise the following elements:

(a) There must be a representation of fact made by words or conduct;

(b) The representation must be made with the knowledge that it is false – it
must be wilfully false or at least made in the absence of any genuine belief
that it is true;

(c) The representation must be made with the intention that it should be acted
upon by the plaintiff or a class of persons which includes the plaintiff;

(d) The plaintiff has acted upon the false statement and suffered damage in so
doing.

333 The claim is predicated on the following arguments. Toh will only be
liable to Cristian and Nila if the court finds that Cristian and Nila were the
victims of the fraud that they have alleged. If so, it must follow that Toh
was himself deceived by Wibowo and Isabelle when he was given instructions and
information on the debt owed to Kweh, the agreement to redeem the loan by
transfer of the Chuan, the information that the COT had been lost and the
instructions to apply for a RCOT. All of these statements or representations,
which Toh assumed to be true, were bare-faced lies and falsehoods. The
statements were made with the intention that Toh should rely on them: which he
indeed did. As a result, Toh has suffered detriment in having to defend this
lawsuit and being potentially liable to compensate Cristian and Nila.

334 Counsel for Wibowo and Isabelle deny that any false statement was made.
Much is made of the assertion that it was Toh who advised them that he could
apply for a RCOT for Cristian and Isabelle. However, as I have earlier stated,
it was Wibowo who provided information to Toh that a problem had arisen
because Cristian had lost the COT. There is no doubt that when Toh applied for
the RCOT, he did so because this was what Wibowo and Isabelle had wanted him
to do. Wibowo’s evidence that he himself had very little knowledge of what was
going on between Kweh and Cristian and that he was merely conveying his
father’s wishes or instructions is strained and hugely difficult to accept.
Looking at the evidence as a whole, I am satisfied that Wibowo and Isabelle
falsely represented to Toh that Cristian and Nila had requested Wibowo and
Isabelle to instruct Toh to prepare an application for a RCOT.

335 In these circumstances, I find that Toh succeeds in his claim against
Wibowo and Isabelle for the tort of deceit. Toh, whilst negligent, was also a
victim of the fraud. As a result of his act of applying for a RCOT on the
basis of the false information he had been provided, Toh was exposed to
liability to Cristian and Nila. The Court of Appeal in Wishing Star Ltd v
Jurong Town Corp [2008] 2 SLR(R) 909 held (at [26]) that damages for deceit
includes all losses flowing directly from the plaintiff’s reliance on the
defendant’s fraudulent misrepresentation, whether or not the losses were
foreseeable. The Law of Torts in Singapore at para 14.029 correctly states
that in an action for deceit, it is no defence for the defendant to allege
that the plaintiff acted incautiously and failed to take steps to verify the
truth of the representations which a prudent man would have done. As has often
been said, “a knave does not escape liability because he is dealing with a
fool.”

Claims by Tan

336 Other issues raised by the pleadings include the question whether Tan has
a claim against Toh for negligent misrepresentation at common law and/or under
the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the MA”). The question also
arises whether Tan can seek contribution or indemnity from Toh. I will address
each in turn.

337 In my view, the MA is not relevant to the present case. I accept Toh’s
submission in this regard that the words “[w]here a person has entered into a
contract after a misrepresentation has been made to him by another party
thereto” in s 2(1) of the MA confines the scope of the provision to situations
where a mispresentation is made between contracting parties (see also The Law
of Contract in Singapore at paras 11.223–11.224). 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Toh’s closing submissions at para 396–397.

Given that Tan and Toh were not contracting parties, Tan’s claim under the MA
must fail.

338 I turn now to Tan’s claim at common law. In my view, this claim also fails
for the fundamental reason that Toh did not owe Tan a duty of care. Toh and
Tan were acting for different sides in a conveyancing transaction. It bears
repeating that Toh decided to refer the matter to Tan precisely because of a
possible conflict of interest if Toh had gone ahead to act for both sides. Toh
did not assume personal responsibility and was not “advising” Tan on how he
should do his own work. I thus dismiss Tan’s claims against Toh for negligent
misrepresentation at common law and under the MA.

339 Nevertheless, given that I have found that Toh’s and Tan’s negligent acts
were operative causes of the same loss, Tan is entitled to a contribution from
Toh under the CLA. Looking at the negligence of Toh and Tan and the relative
culpability, I am of the view that Tan is entitled to a 50% contribution from
Toh in respect of his liability for the damage.

Conclusion

340 The evidence in the two Suits was heard over three tranches. The dispute
goes back many years. Numerous questions of fact and law have been fought
over. Given the nature of the allegations and the paucity of documentary
evidence, it is perhaps not surprising that the cross-examination was
oftentimes intense. Whilst I have dealt with the evidence and issues in a
unitary manner, it may be convenient and helpful to the parties if I summarise
my decision and orders in respect of each Suit.

S 71/2012

341 The plaintiffs, Cristian and Denny, succeed in their claims against Wibowo
and Isabelle.

342 With regards to the Car Claim:

(a) The defendants are jointly and severally liable to pay Cristian damages
for loss arising from the act of conversion which I assess at S$173,000.

(b) Interest is awarded at 5.33% per annum on the S$173,000 from the date of
the writ of summons until the date of the judgment.

343 As to the Investment Claim:

(a) The defendants are jointly and severally liable to return S$607,700 to
Cristian and S$624,570.19 to Denny.

(b) Interest is awarded at at 5.33% per annum on the said amounts from the
date of the writ of summons until the date of the judgment.

344 The plaintiffs are awarded costs to be agreed or taxed.

S 169/2012

345 The plaintiffs, Cristian and Nila, succeed in their suit against Kweh,
Wibowo, Isabelle, Toh and Tan:

(a) Kweh, Wibowo and Isabelle are jointly and severally liable for the
fraudulent conversion of the Chuan. The loss is assessed at the value of the
misappropriated property by reference to the price realised at the OCBC
mortgagee’s auction namely, S$1.8m.

(b) Toh and Tan are each severally liable in negligence for the full extent of
Cristian’s and Nila’s loss (ie, $1.8m). In other words, Toh is liable to
Cristian and Nila for the same damage as that for which Tan is liable and vice
versa.

(c) Interest is awarded at 5.33% per annum on the S$1.8m from the date of the
writ of summons until the date of the judgment.

(d) Toh succeeds in his claim against Wibowo and Isabelle for a contribution
or indemnity under the CLA. If the full claim of S$1.8m is enforced against
Toh, he is entitled to an 80% contribution (ie, S$1.44m) from Wibowo and
Isabelle.

346 Toh succeeds in his claim against Wibowo and Isabelle for damages arising
from the deceit. Given my finding in respect of Toh’s claim for an indemnity
under the CLA, the damages flowing from the deceit effectively comprises his
20% “share” of the damages payable above to Cristian and Nila, amounting to
S$360,000.

347 Tan succeeds in his claim against Toh for a contribution under the CLA.
Bearing in mind that Tan and Toh are severally liable for the loss of the
Chuan, I find that Tan is entitled to a 50% contribution from Toh (amounting
to S$900,000).

348 Tan’s claim against Toh for misrepresentation, both under the MA and at
common law, is dismissed.

349 The plaintiffs are entitled to costs against Kweh, Wibowo, Isabelle, Toh
and Tan.

350 Toh is entitled to costs in respects of his claim against Wibowo and
Isabelle for deceit and the contribution claim

351 Toh is also entitled to costs in respects of Tan’s claim against Toh for
misrepresentation.

352 Tan is entitled to costs against Toh for his contribution claim.

353 All of the above costs awards are to be agreed or taxed.

George Wei  
Judge

Quek Mong Hua, Benjamin Yam and Jacqueline Chua (Lee & Lee) for the
plaintiffs;  
Harish Kumar, Jonathan Toh and Michelle Lee (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for
the first and second defendants in S 71/2012 and the second and fifth
defendants in S 169/2012;  
Sarjit Singh Gill SC, Tan Su Hui and Jamal Siddique (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for
the third defendant in S 169/2012;

Khwaja Imran Hamid, M K Eusuff Ali, Lucinda Lim and Daniella Ong (Tan Rajah &
Cheah) for the fourth defendant in S169/2012.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

