Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 214

Suit No 221 of 2016  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 140 of 2017)

Between

BGC PARTNERS (SINGAPORE) LIMITED

… Plaintiff

And

KEVIN TAN WEE HIONG

… Defendant

A N D

Between

KEVIN TAN WEE HIONG

… Plaintiff in counterclaim

And

(1) BGC PARTNERS (SINGAPORE) LIMITED

(2) BGC HOLDINGS, L.P.

… Defendants in counterclaim

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil Procedure] — [Service out of jurisdiction]

[Conflict of Laws] — [Stay of court proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BGC Partners (Singapore) Limited

  

v

  

Kevin Tan Wee Hiong

[2017] SGHC 214

High Court — Suit No 221 of 2016 (Registrar’s Appeal 140 of 2017)  
Choo Han Teck J  
29 June 2017; 13 July 2017

29 August 2017

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The undisputed facts are set out in the AR’s judgment.

2 Briefly, there are three agreements between the parties. The first is an
employment contract between the plaintiff, BGC Singapore and the defendant,
Kevin (“Employment Agreement”). The second is a Cash Advance and Distribution
Agreement and Promissory Note (“Cash AD Agreement”) between BGC Singapore and
Kevin. Both are governed by Singapore law and each contains a non-exclusive
jurisdiction clause in favour of Singapore. The third is a partnership
agreement between the second defendant in the counterclaim, BGC Holdings and
Kevin (“Partnership Agreement”). It is governed by Delaware law and has an
exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour of the Delaware courts.

3 Suit No 221 of 2016 (“S 221/2016”) was brought by BGC Singapore against
Kevin for the repayment of an outstanding loan under the Cash AD Agreement.
Kevin counterclaimed against BGC Singapore as well as BGC Holdings for
wrongful termination of his employment under the Employment Agreement and
wrongful forfeiture of his partnership units under the Partnership Agreement
respectively. As BGC Holdings is a limited partnership formed under the laws
of the state of Delaware in the United States of America, Kevin sought leave
for service out of jurisdiction on BGC Holdings for his counterclaim. The AR
accepted that there are exceptional circumstances amounting to strong cause as
to why the court should exercise its discretion in Kevin’s favour and granted
leave for service out of jurisdiction despite the existence of the exclusive
jurisdiction clause in the Partnership Agreement.

4 This is BGC Holdings’ appeal against the AR’s decision. The court must first
be satisfied that there is a good arguable case that the claim falls within
one of the grounds set out in O 11, r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5,
2014 Rev Ed), second, that there is a serious issue to be tried and third,
that Singapore is the proper forum, before granting leave for service out of
jurisdiction. The present appeal turns on whether Kevin has shown Singapore to
be the proper forum for his counterclaim against BGC Holdings, in light of the
exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour of Delaware in the Partnership
Agreement.

5 Counsel for BGC Holdings, Mr Tay, submitted that Singapore is not the proper
forum for the counterclaim against BGC Holdings as the exclusive jurisdiction
clause in the Partnership Agreement compels the parties to sue in Delaware. He
argued that the clause ought to be upheld unless there are exceptional
circumstances amounting to strong cause to allow a breach, that there are no
such exceptional circumstances in the present case, and Kevin’s counterclaim
against BGC Holdings should therefore be brought in Delaware. Consequently,
leave for service out of jurisdiction should not be granted. Alternatively, he
submitted that a stay of proceedings in Singapore could be granted to avoid
inconsistent findings between the Delaware and Singapore courts.

6 It was not disputed that there is an exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour
of Delaware in the Partnership Agreement and that Kevin’s counterclaim against
BGC Holdings falls within the said clause. Kevin’s case is that although there
is an exclusive jurisdiction clause, the court retains discretion to exercise
jurisdiction over BGC Holdings if strong cause is shown. Counsel for Kevin, Ms
Ganga, listed several factors that the court should consider and urged a
finding that there was strong cause to refuse holding him to the exclusive
jurisdiction clause. It was agreed that the burden of showing strong cause is
on Kevin.

7 I dismissed the appeal. The Singapore court has jurisdiction over BGC
Holdings in exceptional circumstances amounting to strong cause
notwithstanding the exclusive jurisdiction clause. I agreed with the AR that
Singapore has been shown to be the proper forum for Kevin’s counterclaim
against BGC Holdings and leave to serve out of jurisdiction should be granted.
BGC Holdings sought leave to appeal against my decision. I set out the grounds
for my decision below.

8 At the heart of the three claims before the Singapore court is the
termination of Kevin as an employee of BGC Singapore. The claim for recovery
of loan monies was initiated by BGC Singapore, who elected to sue Kevin in
Singapore. In paragraph 10 of its Statement of Claim, BGC Singapore pleaded
that they are entitled to their claim because

… upon [Kevin] ceasing to be a partner in BGC Holdings on 9 November 2015, the
remainder of the Loan amount… became immediately due and payable by [Kevin] to
[BGC Singapore].

[emphasis added]

BGC Singapore’s claim arose out of Kevin’s termination as a partner, which is
governed by the Partnership Agreement. Kevin’s termination as a partner of BGC
Holdings follows upon Kevin’s dismissal as an employee of BGC Singapore.
Counsel for the appellant, Mr Tay, did not suggest that there was another
independent basis on which the Partnership Agreement was terminated. The main
issues in dispute would therefore involve the circumstances under which Kevin
was terminated as an employee. Ms Ganga submitted that these are best resolved
in Singapore where Kevin was employed and carried out his duties. I agree. BGC
Singapore must have thought so in commencing the suit in Singapore against
Kevin even though its claim is inherently linked to the termination of Kevin’s
status as a partner. In order to resolve the dispute in the claim brought by
BGC Singapore, the Singapore courts has to make a finding as to whether Kevin
had been terminated as a partner. It would thus be in the interests of justice
for Kevin’s counterclaim in relation to his termination as a partner to also
be heard in Singapore.

9 BGC Holdings submitted that Kevin’s counterclaims against BGC Singapore and
BGC Holdings are separate and distinct. Undoubtedly, the remedies sought are
different—as Mr Tay pointed out, Kevin is seeking, inter alia, recovery of his
salary and cash bonus in his counterclaim against BGC Singapore and an account
of his partnership units in his counterclaim against BGC Holdings. But for the
reasons above, the AR was right in finding that the three claims are
intimately connected and cannot be meaningfully separated. Given that the
findings of fact and law in relation to Kevin’s dismissal are crucial to all
three claims, there is a risk of inconsistent finding between the Delaware
court and Singapore court should there be parallel proceedings and thus create
undue problems for all. The interests of justice will be best served if the
three claims are heard in Singapore. It was also argued that the allocation of
jurisdiction between the Delaware courts for disputes in relation to the
Partnership Agreement and the Singapore courts for employment-related is
commercially rational. Even if that is so, there remains a clear risk of a
multiplicity of proceedings and inconsistent findings between Delaware and
Singapore for the three claims as pleaded.

10 Mr Tay submitted that the Delaware courts would follow the finding of the
Singapore court in relation to the termination of Kevin as a partner under the
Delaware doctrine of “issue preclusion”. He cited the appellant’s expert, Mr
Donald Parsons’ opinion in support. In response, Ms Ganga highlighted that Mr
Parsons only went as far as to say that the Delaware courts may take into
account the findings of the Singapore courts. Indeed, at paragraph 9.5 of his
expert report, Mr Parsons opined that

[i]f there are any subsequent proceedings brought by Kevin Tan and BHC
Holdings under the Partnership Agreement, the Delaware Courts may take into
account the findings of the Singapore Courts in relation to the [issue of
Kevin Tan’s dismissal of employment by BGC Singapore under the Employment
Agreement], under the doctrines of claim preclusion or issue preclusion in
Delaware law…

[emphasis added]

Contrary to Mr Tay’s understanding, Mr Parsons is not saying that the findings
of the Singapore court would invariably be accepted and followed.

11 In my opinion, the considerations above justify granting leave for service
out of jurisdiction on BGC Holdings in order for the three claims to be heard
together in Singapore. The factors cited by counsel for both parties, as
listed in Golden Shore Transportation Pte Ltd v UCO Bank  [2004] 1 SLR(R) 6
(at [33]), even if found to be in favour of BGC Holdings, would not affect my
finding that there is strong cause to refuse holding Kevin to the exclusive
jurisdiction clause in the Partnership Agreement. In particular, BGC Holdings
submitted that the fact that the governing law in the Partnership Agreement is
Delaware law should be a weighty consideration. In my view, it is inadequate
in showing that Singapore is not the proper forum. The Singapore court can
determine issues of Delaware law, as pointed out by BGC Holdings in its
written submissions (at [55]).

12 For the reasons above, I dismissed the appeal and affirmed the AR’s
decision to grant leave for service out of jurisdiction. I ordered that costs
here and below be in the cause.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Ganga Avadiar and Eileen Yeo Yi Ling (Advocatus Law LLP) for the plaintiff in
counterclaim;  
Tay Yong Seng, Alexander Yeo and Ong Chin Kiat (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
2nd defendant in counterclaim.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

