Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGCA 70

Civil Appeal No 42 of 2017

Between

CIFG SPECIAL ASSETS CAPITAL I LTD (FORMERLY KNOWN AS DIAMOND KENDALL LIMITED)  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

(1) ONG PUAY KOON(2) LEE SIN PENG(3) ANDY HO(4) YAP TIEN SUNG  
---  
  
… Respondents

Civil Appeal No 43 of 2017

Between

(1) ONG PUAY KOON(2) LEE SIN PENG(3) ANDY HO(4) YAP TIEN SUNG  
---  
  
… Appellants

And

(1) CIFG SPECIAL ASSETS CAPITAL I LTD (FORMERLY KNOWN AS DIAMOND KENDALL
LIMITED)(2) CHRIS CHIA WOON LIAT(3) YEO KAR PENG  
---  
  
… Respondents

EX TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Interpretation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CIFG Special Assets Capital I Ltd (formerly known as Diamond Kendall Ltd)

  
v

  

Ong Puay Koon and others and another appeal

[2017] SGCA 70

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal Nos 42 and 43 of 2017  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Steven Chong JA  
29 November 2017

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Parties

1 These two appeals arise out of a set of Convertible Bond Subscription
Agreements (“CBSAs”) that the parties entered into. Given the view we have
taken on the first appeal, which is Civil Appeal No 42 of 2017 (“CA 42 of
2017”), it is unnecessary for us to deal with the second appeal, which is
Civil Appeal No 43 of 2017 (“CA 43 of 2017”).

2 The plaintiff in the court below was CIFG Special Assets Capital I Ltd
(formerly known as Diamond Kendall Limited) (“CIFG”). CIFG is an investment
vehicle that was established in 2007 to enter into the CBSAs with the
defendants.

3 The defendants in the court below were Ong Puay Koon (“Ong”), Lee Sin Peng
(“Lee”), Andy Ho (“Ho”), and Yap Tien Sung (“Yap”), collectively referred to
as the “Initial Shareholders”. They were the second to fifth defendants in the
court below and were the initial shareholders in Polimet Pte Ltd (“Polimet”).
Polimet, which is a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a holding company
for the Initial Shareholders’ other companies, was the first defendant in the
court below. Polimet and the Initial Shareholders were all parties to the
CBSAs. We refer to Polimet and the Initial Shareholders collectively as “the
Respondents”.

Background

4 The Initial Shareholders were involved in the business of manufacturing
components used to make diodes through four companies incorporated in China
and Hong Kong (“the Group Companies”). In 2007, they decided to acquire a
company known as “Philips” and tried to find an investor willing to finance
the acquisition. Between June and October 2007 the Initial Shareholders met
with Kendall Court Capital Partners Limited (“KC”), a fund management company
that wholly owned CIFG through a mezzanine fund. Although the parties hotly
contested what occurred during those meetings, what is material for the
purpose of these appeals is that they did agree to a deal whereby CIFG would
finance the intended transactions.

5 The parties envisioned that Polimet would be incorporated as a holding
company of the Group Companies. KC would provide a US$5m loan by subscribing
for convertible bonds issued by Polimet with a five-year maturity term and a
US$8.33m redemption value. KC wanted security for the loan and this was part
of what was discussed. What is material for present purposes is that the
provision of an indemnity, which is the subject matter of this appeal, was not
specifically discussed in this context of how the loan would be secured. How
it came to be included in the agreement is something we will deal with
shortly.

6 A draft term sheet was sent to Lee dated 1 August 2007 (“Term Sheet 1”),
containing broad terms of the agreement. Specifically, this included an
indemnity clause indicating that KC should be indemnified by Polimet for all
losses arising out of or relating to the investment.

7 Further discussions took place at which the question of personal guarantees
(“PGs”) and which of the Initial Shareholders were to provide them was
negotiated.

8 A revised draft term sheet dated 9 August 2007 (“Final Term Sheet”) was sent
to Lee on 10 August 2007. It indicated that Lee and Ho would provide joint and
several PGs based on their initial 50% shareholding in Polimet. No other terms
were changed from Term Sheet 1, including the provision that Polimet would
indemnify KC. Chris Chia Woon Liat, the managing partner in KC, and Lee signed
the Final Term Sheet.

9 On 7 September 2007, KC sent Lee drafts of the 2007 CBSA and the PGs. The
documents were reviewed by some of the parties on 9 September 2007 in
Salzburg. The indemnity clause that is the subject of the present appeals and
which found its way into the 2007 CBSA was reviewed for the first time at that
meeting. It differed from the provision that was originally contained in the
two term sheets at least to the extent that it was not limited to Polimet but
extended to the Initial Shareholders. On 5 October 2007, the parties executed
the 2007 CBSA and incorporated Polimet. The 2007 CBSA contained the indemnity
clause as aforesaid, namely cl 12. CIFG also obtained as security, charges
over the assets of all the Group Companies, PGs from Lee and Ho, and the
Initial Shareholders’ shares in Polimet (which would be transferred back to
them once the facility was fully discharged).

10 The 2007 CBSA was later supplemented by other CBSAs. The material terms –
including cl 12 – remained the same in each of them. By 2011 it became clear
that Polimet would not be able to meet its payment obligations.

11 Polimet eventually defaulted and CIFG issued demands in 2012 and
subsequently in August 2013.

12 The parties eventually entered into a partial settlement agreement (“the
Settlement Agreement”) and recorded a consent judgment on 22 August 2016.
Polimet was to pay CIFG about US$39m comprising about US$18.6m as the
outstanding sum along with facility fees and contractual default interest of
2% per month, and a further 2% interest per month until full payment. Lee and
Ho were to pay CIFG about US$8.7m and interest at 5.33% per annum. The
Settlement Agreement noted that the parties disputed the scope of cl 12 –
whether the Initial Shareholders could be liable for Polimet’s default – and
also whether the default interest of 2% per month under cl 5.5 was an
unenforceable penalty.

The decision below

13 The matter was heard before a Judicial Commissioner (“the Judge”) who dealt
with various issues in her judgment (which can be found at CIFG Special Assets
Capital I Ltd v Polimet Pte Ltd and others (Chris Chia Woon Liat and another,
third parties) [2017] SGHC 22) but what is material for present purposes is
the construction she placed on cl 12.1 of the CBSAs (which is the indemnity
clause) and in particular, whether on its true construction it had the effect
of enabling CIFG to claim the entirety of its losses arising from Polimet’s
default against each of the Initial Shareholders on a joint and several basis.

14 The Judge found that the clause was not so wide and for the reasons which
follow, we agree with her though we differ somewhat in our reasoning and also
in the construction we place on that provision. In relation to cl 12.1, the
Judge first found that it appeared to be an unlimited and general indemnity
which, on its face, would cover Polimet’s default (at [79]). But the Judge
found it odd that there was no reference to the possibility of Polimet’s
default in cl 12.1, especially since Polimet was one of the indemnifiers under
cl 12.1 and its default would have been the most important category of
potential breach (at [84]). The Judge further noted that there were other
clauses on repayment – in particular cl 11 which sets out the procedure on an
event of default – and which specifically confined the class of persons who
would be liable and the documents under which they would be liable in such
circumstances (at [85]). These were inconsistent with placing such a wide
construction on cl 12.1. She therefore found that there was at least ambiguity
on the face of the provision (at [87]).

15 The Judge then turned to the context. She found that the parties did not
discuss cl 12 until the Salzburg meeting (which was after the Final Term Sheet
had been signed) and this suggested that all the parties assumed that CISG’s
only recourse against the Initial Shareholders personally was pursuant to Lee
and Ho’s PGs. This was why they focused their negotiations on the PGs. The
Judge also considered it significant that there was no discussion as to the
scope of cl 12.1 or what the Initial Shareholders would be liable for under
that provision. Given that the main purpose of the Salzburg meeting was to
finalise an agreement that captured the same substance as the Final Term
Sheet, the Judge found that the Salzburg meeting could not have altered the
parties’ commercial bargain (at [100]–[102]).

16 The Judge also found that the commercial context supported a narrow reading
of cl 12; only Lee and Ho had agreed to grant the PGs and only on the basis of
the PGs being limited to their 50% shareholding in Polimet. It would not make
sense that they would then agree to be exposed to 100% of Polimet’s
liabilities through cl 12.1 at the same time (at [105]). It was also not
evident what the benefit would be to KC in obtaining these PGs from Lee and Ho
if cl 12.1 already covered 100% of potential liabilities (at [106]).

17 We share these concerns but we elaborate on this below.

Issue on appeal

18 The central issue to be decided by us is, as we have noted, the true
construction of cl 12.1.

Analysis

19 We begin with a brief statement of the relevant principles to be applied in
the construction of contracts. These are well established in several decisions
of this court and before us in the course of the oral arguments there was no
real disagreement as to these. Stated briefly, these principles are as follow:

(a) The starting point is that one looks to the text that the parties have
used (see Lucky Realty Co Pte Ltd v HSBC Trustee (Singapore)Ltd [2016] 1 SLR
1069 at [2]);

(b) At the same time, it is permissible to have regard to the relevant context
as long as the relevant contextual points are clear, obvious and known to both
parties (see Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design &
Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 at [125], [128] and [129]);

(c) The reason the court has regard to the relevant context is that it places
the court in “the best possible position to ascertain the parties’ objective
intentions by interpreting the expressions used by [them] in their proper
context” (see Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 193 at
[72]); and

(d) In general, the meaning ascribed to the terms of the contract must be one
which the expressions used by the parties can reasonably bear (see eg, Yap Son
On v Ding Pei Zhen [2017] 1 SLR 219 at [31]).

20 In that light we turn to the text of cl 12.1, which provides:

12\. INDEMNITY

12.1 General Indemnity. The Initial Shareholders and the Issuer hereby jointly
and severally agree and undertake to fully indemnify and hold the Bondholder
and its shareholders and their respective fund managers, directors, officers
and employees (the “Indemnified Parties”) harmless from and against any
claims, damages, deficiencies, losses, costs, liabilities and expenses
(including legal fees and disbursements on a full indemnity basis) directly or
indirectly caused to the Indemnified Parties and in particular, but without
prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, for any short-fall, depletion or
diminution in value of the assets of the Issuer, the Group or any Group
Company resulting directly or indirectly from or arising out of any breach or
alleged breach of any of the representations, warranties, undertakings and
covenants given by the Initial Shareholders and/or the Issuer under this
Agreement or for any breach or alleged breach of any term or condition of this
Agreement.

21 It is evident that the language of cl 12.1 is extremely broad. Indeed, as
we pointed out to Mr Teo, who appeared for CIFG before us, the text is broad:

(a) as to the class of beneficiaries since the indemnity conceivably extends
to a host of persons not even party to the CBSAs; and

(b) as to the matters conceivably covered by the indemnity. Indeed on its
terms, it appears to be unlimited as to the sort of matters that could
conceivably be covered by the indemnity.

22 To demonstrate its potential width, we asked Mr Teo in the course of his
argument whether the language was wide enough to permit a claim brought by a
non-party to the CBSAs, for instance an employee of CIFG who suffered losses
in the share market from a bad personal investment unconnected to the CBSAs.
Mr Teo accepted that it seemed to be, though he hastened to add that he was
not suggesting that this would be the correct interpretation of the clause. We
will return to this momentarily but we pause here to observe that such breadth
would make it absurd to construe the clause on its plain terms without regard
to its context. The point simply is that it is impossible to contemplate that
the parties would objectively have intended such an effect. But how is a court
to resolve such a difficulty? We accept without reservation Mr Teo’s salutary
reminder that we cannot simply rewrite the bargain that the parties have
concluded; but before we even get there, it is of course critical to have
careful regard to the relevant context, and this is perhaps even more so when
it is evident that the language simply cannot mean what it says.

23 In our judgment the relevant context in this case includes the following in
particular:

(a) The entirety of the document and the way the contract as a whole was
drafted. In the different but somewhat analogous context of the interpretation
of statutes, we have similarly had regard to the entirety of the statute in
question in discerning the correct interpretation of a particular provision
(see, eg, Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850 at [35] and
[54(b)]). In our judgment it is no less relevant to do the same when dealing
with the construction of a contract.

(b) The entirety of the commercial documents that were entered into as part of
this transaction. This is no more than an extension of the first point.

(c) The circumstances in which cl 12.1 was admitted into the agreement. We
consider it relevant to refer to this in the present context even though it is
part of the pre-contract negotiations because this part of the factual matrix
was not controversial or disputed.

24 It may be noted that each of these points is clear, obvious, known to both
parties and uncontroversial and accordingly we consider that they can fairly
be considered to form part of the context against which the clause is to be
construed. When this is done, it becomes clear, in our judgement, that cl 12.1
could not bear the meaning that CIFG contends it does.

25 Turning first to the entirety of the CBSAs, it may be noted that these made
provision for the specific allocation of risks variously to Polimet, to the
Initial Shareholders or to a combination of some or all of them. Purely by way
of illustration, cl 11.1(a) makes it an event of default if “any Security
Party fails to pay to the Bondholder any amount due and payable under any
Transaction Document on the due date or on demand if so payable”. This made
Polimet liable for the loan; and Lee and Ho liable under the PGs to the extent
they undertook to be so liable thereunder. It is not consistent with this to
then provide that Polimet, Lee, Ho and each of the Initial Shareholders would
also be liable for the entirety of the loan. This was a point noted by the
Judge and we agree with it. What is material to emphasise is, as we have
already stated, that throughout the CBSAs there are obligations variously
placed on Polimet, the Initial Shareholders or some combination of them and
this makes it even more unlikely that cl 12.1 had the effect of overriding the
entire allocation of the risks under the contract. Mr Teo candidly accepted
that on his construction of the clause, its effect would be to make each of
the parties responsible on a joint and several basis to answer for the breach
of any term of the contract.

26 This is then strengthened by reference to the second contextual point we
have noted above (at [23]). As we have observed, when the original structure
of the transaction as a whole was being negotiated the parties did discuss the
question of security and the points they agreed on were eventually reflected
in the two term sheets. The first of these provided generally for PGs to be
furnished, but by the second and final term sheet this was confined to PGs
from Lee and Ho limited to the extent of their shareholding. In our judgment,
this militates strongly against adopting the construction that Mr Teo urges on
us because were it the case that cl 12.1 makes each and all the parties
answerable for each and the entirety of the obligations under the CBSAs, then
the PGs would have been unnecessary and otiose. Indeed, the fact that CIFG
pursued and obtained the PGs from just two of the relevant persons and for
only half of the total liability undermines its present case.

27 This leads us to the third and final contextual point and that is the
circumstances in which the clause was introduced. It is common ground that:

(a) The clause was first introduced at the Salzburg meeting;

(b) It was not mentioned at that time that this would change the commercial
structure of the deal. Indeed Mr Teo candidly accepted that the parties were
probably not aware at the time of the contract that cl 12.1 could have the
sort of effect that he was urging upon us in the appeal;

(c) The clause was read over by those at the meeting but its scope and effect
were not discussed; and

(d) It was introduced as a “boiler-plate" provision to complete the document.

28 In our judgment, this last factor not only strengthens the force of the
first two points but makes it impossible to contend that what was a common
form boiler-plate provision that made its way into the agreement at the last
stages of discussion could have the effect of overriding the commercial
structure of the deal and the calibrated allocation of risk that is reflected
elsewhere in the suite of agreements that were entered into. In our judgment,
read in context, cl 12.1 was nothing more than a gap-filling provision
introduced into the contract at a late stage to cover matters, if and to the
extent these were not already covered elsewhere.

29 Mr Teo accepted that cl 12.1 did at least have that effect. Thus if there
were obligations in the CBSAs that were not specifically allocated to any one
or more of the parties, cl 12.1 would make it incumbent on all the named
parties to perform or be liable for non-performance of such a provision.
Similarly, if there were losses that arose from matters not arising out of the
CBSAs at all, but were nonetheless somehow related to the transaction, then
these too might be covered. However, Mr Teo submitted that beyond this, the
clause also had a wider effect, which was to make Polimet and each of the
Initial Shareholders liable for any loss suffered or claimed by the
indemnified parties arising from the breach of any provision of the CBSAs. For
the foregoing reasons we do not agree that, when read in context, the clause
can be given such an extended meaning, even if the words on their own might
allow this.

30 We therefore dismiss the appeal though we commend Mr Teo for the candour,
fairness and tenacity with which he advanced his case.

31 We make no order as to costs in CA 43 of 2017 and fix the costs of CA 42 of
2017 in the aggregate sum of $50,000 (inclusive of reasonable disbursements)
in favour of the Respondents.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Steven Chong  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Teo Chun-Wei Benedict and Poon Guokun Nicholas (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
appellant in Civil Appeal No 42 of 2017 and the respondents in Civil Appeal 43
of 2017;  
Tan Chee Meng S.C., Lim Xian Yong Alvin and Ho Wei Jie Vincent
(WongPartnership LLP) for the respondents in Civil Appeal No 42 of 2017 and
the appellants in Civil Appeal 43 of 2017.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

