Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 59

Originating Summons No 291 of 2017

(Summons No 1197 of 2017)

In the matter of Section 10 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A)

And

In the Matter of Order 69A, Rule 2 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, Rule 5)

And

In the Matter of an arbitration between (1) BLZ as Claimant and Counterclaim
Respondent; (2) BMA as Counterclaim Respondent; and (1) SUB as Counterclaimant
and Respondent; (2) BLY as Respondent

Between

| BLY  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| BLZ  
---|---  
(2)| BMA  
  
… Defendants

Extempore judgment

[Arbitration] — [Stay of arbitral proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BLY

  

v

  

BLZ & Another

[2017] SGHC 59

High Court — Originating Summons No 291 of 2017 (Summons No 1197 of 2017)  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
24 March 2017

27 March 2017 Extempore Judgment

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 Summons No 1197 of 2017 (“SUM 1197”) is an application to stay an
International Chamber of Commerce arbitration commenced in 2016 (“the
Arbitration”) under s 10(9) of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A,
2002 Rev Ed) (“the IAA”), pending the final determination of Originating
Summons No 291 of 2017 (“OS 291”), an application made under s 10(3) of the
IAA to review the Tribunal’s ruling on its jurisdiction as a preliminary
issue. Having considered arguments and submissions, I decline to exercise the
court’s discretion to stay the Arbitration pending the final determination of
OS 291, and accordingly, SUM 1197 is dismissed. The grounds of my decision are
as follows.

Preliminary observation

2 Before I turn to the application proper, I make one preliminary observation.
During the hearing, I invited Mr Alvin Yeo, SC (“Mr Yeo”), who represents the
Plaintiff, to indicate which limb(s) of s 10(9) of the IAA the Plaintiff was
relying on. Section 10(9) provides:

(9) Where an application is made pursuant to Article 16(3) of the Model Law or
this section —

(a) such application shall not operate as a stay of the arbitral proceedings
or of execution of any award or order made in the arbitral proceedings unless
the High Court orders otherwise; and

(b) no intermediate act or proceeding shall be invalidated except so far as
the High Court may direct.

3 Mr Yeo clarified that the Plaintiff was only relying on s 10(9)(a) to ask
for a “stay of the arbitral proceedings overall”, and that it was not seeking
to invalidate the Tribunal’s Ruling on Document Production Requests (dated 11
March 2017) (“Production Order”) under s 10(9)(b) of the IAA. In the premises,
the Production Order and the directions contained therein stood as ordered. I
wish to refer to the alternative limb in s 10(9)(a), namely, the application
for curial review of a tribunal’s ruling on jurisdiction shall not operate as
a stay “of execution of any award or order made in the arbitral proceedings”.
In this regard, whilst the Production Order is not an “award” within the
definition of s 2 of the IAA, the Production Order is arguably an order under
s 12(6) which is capable of enforcement as a court order if leave is granted
by the High Court. I do not propose to say more since this alternative limb
(the result of an amendment to s 10 in 2012) was not part of SUM 1197 and was
not discussed at the hearing.

4 Returning to Mr Yeo’s clarification, and if the Plaintiff’s stay application
is successful, the effect of a stay on the arbitral proceedings is necessarily
prospective by virtue of the date of the order made in SUM 1197, and the
Production Order, being a ruling made before SUM 1197 was filed and heard,
must still be complied with even if the timelines set under the Production
Order extend beyond the date of the granting of any stay. As I alluded to
earlier, the Production Order is capable of being enforced as an order of High
Court under s 12(6) of the IAA. Although I alluded to this concern in the
context of s 10(9)(b), the position ought to be no different in an application
made under s 10(9)(a). Mr Yeo’s view (which is a sensible one) is that it he
would leave it to his instructing solicitors to make arguments before the
Tribunal that compliance with the Production Order ought to be held in
abeyance as well if I were to grant a stay of arbitral proceedings.

Principles for the granting of a stay under s 10(9)(a) of the IAA

5 At the outset, both parties have pointed to a paucity of legal authorities
setting out the appropriate test to be applied for stay of arbitrations under
s 10(9)(a) of the IAA. This was acknowledged in the sole authority that has
dealt with this point: AYY v AYZ and another [2015] SGHCR 22 (“AYY v AYZ”) at
[3]. In AYY v AYZ, the Assistant Registrar sought to “sow some jurisprudential
seeds in the existing corpus of law”. Drawing from established principles that
apply to the stay of execution of court judgments pending appeal, he held that
a stay of arbitral proceedings will generally be ordered if an applicant is
able to demonstrate with reasonable and credible substantiation that a refusal
of stay would result in detriment or prejudice that could not be adequately
compensated with costs (at [7]–[9]). Mr Yeo referred to the test propounded in
AYY v AYZ as the irreparable prejudice test. The Assistant Registrar also
offered an illustration: in his view, if a party is compelled to disclose
confidential or sensitive information to an industry competitor in order to
defend arbitral proceedings, that party would have suffered irreparable
prejudice.

6 Mr Yeo does not accept the irreparable prejudice test in AYY v AYZ, arguing
that a more appropriate test for the court to apply in deciding whether to
exercise discretion to grant a stay of arbitral proceedings is that of a
“balance of convenience”. Mr Yeo points out that the jurisprudential
underpinnings for seeking a stay under s 10(9)(a) of the IAA are markedly
different from that for seeking a stay of execution pending appeal. For the
latter, the overarching consideration is to not deprive the successful
litigant of the fruits of his litigation; for the former, Mr Yeo submits that
the key consideration is the balance between the prejudice that may result
from the carrying out of an unnecessary arbitration and the prejudice that
would result from a delay in the arbitration. Mr Yeo bases his view on the
drafting history of Article 16(3) of the Model Law.

7 Mr Cavinder Bull, SC, represents the Defendants. Mr Bull submits that since
the default position is that the court should not grant a stay, the Plaintiff
must show the existence of special circumstances before the court would
exercise its discretion to grant a stay of the arbitral proceedings. There
must be something that is over and above inconvenience, time wasted and
exposure to costs even though all of these matters could be occasioned if the
arbitration turns out to be unnecessary in the end. All these matters are
often the experience of the parties in an arbitration whenever a tribunal in
its discretion has decided to proceed with the arbitration pending an Art
16(3) review. Mr Bull also submits that the balance of convenience test cannot
be accepted given that both s 10 of the IAA and Article 16(3) of the Model Law
envisage minimal curial intervention.

8 I agree with Mr Bull that the court’s approach to the exercise of its
statutory discretion is not based on a balance of convenience test. The
starting point is the statutory scheme as outlined in s 10 which allows for
curial review of a tribunal’s ruling on jurisdiction but under the conditions
statutorily prescribed. Section 10(9)(a) states that an application for curial
review of the tribunal’s ruling on jurisdiction “shall not operate as a stay
of the arbitral proceedings… .” However, the court, at the same time, is given
the statutory discretion to stay arbitral proceedings pending curial review of
a tribunal’s ruling on jurisdiction in circumstances where the default
position creates ill-effects that may lead to injustice and unfairness. The
court’s statutory discretion must be exercised judiciously and this requires
the court to exercise its discretion by reference to all the circumstances of
the particular case. Bearing in mind that the discretion must not be so easily
exercised as to render the default position meaningless, there must be special
facts and circumstances that warrant the court’s exercise of its statutory
discretion to depart from the statutory default position. From this
perspective, the expression “irreparable prejudice” is basically the
consequence or outcome of a court not granting a stay, but the consequence and
outcome stems from the existence of special facts and circumstances present in
the particular case.

9 To elaborate, the approach to the exercise of the statutory discretion under
s 10(9)(a) must accord with the purpose of the provision and this brings me to
Mr Bull’s remark on the relationship between s 10 of the IAA and Article 16(3)
of the Model Law. It is fairly uncontroversial that the re-enactment of s 10
of the IAA under the International Arbitration (Amendment) Bill (Bill No 10 of
2012) retains Article 16(3) of the Model Law within the scheme of the IAA.
Article 16(3) deals with a positive ruling on a tribunal’s jurisdiction. As Mr
Bull submits, “[s]ection 10 of the IAA has its genesis in Article 16(3)”. All
the amended s 10 of the IAA serves to do is to “modify” the position under the
Model Law by permitting the review of negative jurisdictional rulings and
allowing decisions under s 10(3) of the IAA to be appealable to the Court of
Appeal with leave from the High Court (see the Explanatory Statement to the
International Arbitration (Amendment) Bill (Bill No 10 of 2012) (“the
Explanatory Statement”); Arbitration in Singapore: A Practical Guide
(Sundaresh Menon editor-in-chief, David Brock gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2014)
at para 3.084).

10 That arbitral proceedings can continue despite an application is filed for
curial review is a fundamental feature of Article 16(3). Section 10(9) of the
IAA reinforces this whether or not the application for curial review is
brought under Article 16(3) or “this section” (see the opening sentence of s
10(9)(a)). The Explanatory Statement notes that ss 10(9) and (10) were
inserted “to clarify that any appeal to the High Court or the Court of Appeal
on a jurisdictional ruling… will not operate as a stay of the arbitral
proceedings or of execution of any award or order made in the arbitral
proceedings unless otherwise ordered by the Court.” [emphasis added]

11 It is also uncontroversial that Article 16(3) was intended to reflect the
balance that the drafters of Model Law had struck between the countervailing
considerations of allowing the courts to have control over a tribunal’s
decision on jurisdiction on the one hand, and the need to ward against the
abuse of such recourse as a dilatory tactic to hold up the arbitration on the
other. While Article 16(3) allows jurisdictional rulings to come under court
control, this allowance must be subject to the following conditions: first,
there must be a short-time period for court resort; second, appeals are to be
excluded (the position under Singapore law has been modified by s 10(4) of the
IAA); and third, arbitral proceedings must be allowed to continue (see
International Arbitration in a Changing World, ICCA Congress Series Vol 6
(Kluwer Law International, 1994) at p 47). In AQZ v ARA [2015] 2 SLR 972 (“AQZ
v ARA”), the following extract from A Guide to the UNCITRAL Model Law on
International Commercial Arbitration: Legislative History and Commentary
(Kluwer Law and Taxation, 1989) was cited (at [68]):

… Second, under Article 16, the arbitral tribunal has a choice whether to
decide a jurisdictional question preliminarily or only in the final award. If
it issues a preliminary ruling, that is subject to immediate review by a
court. Otherwise, review must wait for a setting aside proceeding. The
advantage of this procedure is that the arbitral tribunal can assess in each
case and with regard to each jurisdictional question whether the risk of
dilatory tactics is greater than the danger of wasting money and time in a
useless arbitration. The dangers of delay in the arbitration while the court
is reviewing a preliminary ruling are further reduced by provision of short
time period for seeking court review, finality in the court’s decision, and
discretion in the arbitral tribunal to continue the proceedings while the
court review is going on. These procedures … allow the tribunal to postpone
decision of frivolous or dilatory objections, or ones that are difficult to
separate from the merits of the case.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

12 The upshot of the above analysis is that the balance the Plaintiff speaks
of (see [6] above) has already been struck by the drafters of the Model Law: a
tribunal’s discretion to continue arbitral proceedings is the very embodiment
of the balance struck. The same balance is retained by Parliament in the
adoption of the default position in s 10(9) and s 10(10). From this
perspective, I do not accept the Plaintiff’s proposed “balance of convenience”
test.

13 When then should the court exercise its statutory discretion? I agree with
Mr Bull that a stay ought to be granted when there are special circumstances
to do so given the specific facts of the particular case. Some guidelines of
what can and do not constitute special circumstances (and the guidelines are
by no means exhaustive) may be of assistance in the court’s approach to
exercise of the statutory discretion.

14 First, as stated in [8] above, the court exercises discretion by reference
to all the circumstances of the particular case. I repeat the point made
earlier that the statutory discretion must not be so easily exercised as to
render the default position meaningless, and in order to depart from the
statutory default position, there must be special facts and circumstances that
warrant the exercise of its statutory discretion. The phrase “special
circumstances” is wide enough to include the conduct of the other party in
relation to the arbitral proceedings that warrant a stay of the arbitral
proceedings.

15 Secondly, as circumstances must be “special”, so-called prejudice or
detriment derived from wasted time and costs of what could be a potentially
useless arbitration is a usual and attendant by-product or consequence of a
tribunal’s decision to continue with the arbitral proceedings and hence
cannot, in and of itself, justify a stay. Neither can potential prejudice or
detriment stemming from the rendering of an arbitral award if the pending
application for curial review has yet to be heard or concluded. As Mr Bull
points out, Article 16(3) of the Model Law provides that even while a request
for a jurisdictional ruling is pending, “the arbitral tribunal may continue
the arbitral proceedings and make an award” [emphasis added]. On a similar
note, s 10(9)(a) of the IAA states that applications made under s 10 will not
operate as a stay “of execution of any award or order”. Implicit in these
provisions is the recognition that an award on the merits could be rendered
before the application to review the jurisdictional ruling is heard by the
High Court or the Court of Appeal as the case may be.

16 Given the obvious possibility that there might be an eventual determination
that the tribunal did not have jurisdiction to hear the dispute in the first
place, the necessary corollary of allowing the continuation of arbitral
proceedings nonetheless is that factors such as the time and costs expended on
an unnecessary arbitration are not “special” enough to warrant the granting of
a stay. The same can be said of the inconvenience and uncertainty associated
with the need to set aside the award or resist the enforcement of the award
using the court’s adverse ruling on jurisdiction. A fortiori, that the party
seeking a review of the tribunal’s jurisdictional ruling has to make a
strategic choice of whether it ought to participate in the arbitration
proceedings will not amount to a special circumstance in light of the default
position prescribed by statute. In this case, Mr Yeo has informed the court
that the Plaintiff has already informed the Tribunal that it would not
participate in the Arbitration.

17 Thirdly, the strength of the jurisdictional objection cannot, in and of
itself, be a reason to grant a stay. Given that every application under s
10(9)(a) of the IAA will be filed pursuant to an application challenging the
jurisdictional ruling of the tribunal under s 10(3) of the IAA, the strength
of the jurisdictional objection is not a special circumstance. Nor can it be
the focus of the inquiry lest the anterior stay application shades into the
challenge of jurisdiction proper.

18 Lastly, I deal with the Assistant Registrar’s decision in AYY v AYZ. At the
outset, I accept that there is some ostensible degree of overlap between the
irreparable prejudice test and the requirement to show special circumstances.
But as explained in [8] above, irreparable prejudice is the consequence or
outcome that arises given the existence of some special circumstances in the
case.

19 Besides, the irreparable prejudice test does not adequately address the
underpinnings of the IAA and the Model Law. As a result, it is over-inclusive.
For instance, if a tribunal directs parties to disclose confidential documents
in furtherance of arbitral proceedings, strictly speaking, such disclosure
cannot be undone or compensated by a costs order in the event that the
tribunal was wrong in finding that it has jurisdiction. But this is to be
expected in the usual course of arbitral proceedings. It does not amount to
special circumstances. That said, I do not foreclose the possibility where in
a proper case the documents are of such a sensitive nature that the disclosure
of such documents might constitute a special circumstance. Despite Mr Yeo’s
valiant attempt, the Plaintiff’s case falls outside the rubric of special
circumstances.

20 The irreparable prejudice test is also under-inclusive. In certain
situations, even though parties have not suffered any harm or prejudice per
se, a stay of proceedings may be warranted. Mr Bull posited that if, for
instance, a hearing of the merits is slated to take place far later than the
scheduled hearing for the review application under s 10(3) of the IAA, it
might make little sense to deny a stay if nothing much is going on in the
arbitral proceedings. In such a case, I suspect the parties would mutually
agree to a stay for practical reasons. If there is no agreement, the conduct
of the other party may be relevant to the exercise of discretion. On a
separate note, in the off-chance that the tribunal is acting in a manner that
is manifestly and egregiously improper, that might constitute special
circumstances requiring the court to exercise its powers under s 10(9)(a) and
(b) of the IAA. Ultimately, very much depends on the unique facts and
circumstances of each case.

Application

21 With the guidelines in mind, I turn now to the factors raised in the
affidavits. Dealing first with Mr Yeo’s submissions on the Production Order,
his argument is that the stay ought to be granted because the Production Order
compels the Plaintiff to produce sensitive and confidential information – such
information being minutes of board-level meetings, expansion plans, marketing
plans, as well as documents relating to the Plaintiff’s financial performance,
sales and marketing expenditure, market share, revenue and other information
relating to the Plaintiff’s relationship with the Defendants. The Plaintiff
also pre-empted the Defendants’ argument that most of the documents would have
to be provided by the other respondent in the Arbitration, SUB, anyway. The
Plaintiff’s reply is that SUB was a “fourth-level affiliate” that would not
have access to many of the documents in the Production Order. In response, the
Defendants noted that a SUB employee claimed to have received and seen minutes
of the Plaintiff’s board meetings.

22 I also note that some peripheral arguments were made in relation to the
fact that the underlying agreement was a vertical distributorship agreement,
and that the parties were not competitors, and therefore, the possibility of
prejudice and detriment is not as real as the Plaintiff makes it out to be.

23 In my view, two points are determinative. First, the Plaintiff has not
satisfactorily demonstrated how the information contained in documents in the
Production Order is so sensitive or confidential that it warrants protection
afforded by the granting of a stay application. Mr Bull’s point is that
disclosure orders are commonplace in arbitration proceedings and if the
Plaintiff’s objections suffice as a reason for the court to grant a stay, the
balance struck by the IAA and the Model Law would be upset in that the default
position would be turned on its head – stays would be routinely granted
instead as tribunals have to make disclosure orders before the arbitration can
even continue to the merits of the dispute.

24 On a separate but related note, the authority relied upon by the Plaintiff,
O’Connor v Nova Scotia [2001] NSCA 47, to support the general proposition that
discovery once given cannot be taken back in that the documents have been
revealed. That case concerned government programs carried out by the
Priorities and Planning Committee. The present case relates to information of
a very different nature, and is therefore distinguishable as Mr Bull contends.

25 The second point relates to how the confidentiality of the documents (if
disclosed) would be protected. As Mr Bull points out, the Terms of Reference
include a clause committing all parties to protect the confidentiality of the
Arbitration. A further safeguard provided by the Tribunal in the Production
Order is that for particularly sensitive information, “additional
confidentiality arrangements may be prudent”. It then invited the parties to
undergo a process of mutual consultation to come up with arrangements to
preserve the confidentiality and sensitivity of the information disclosed,
while allowing for the production of such information. Should parties fail to
come to an agreement, the Tribunal can also make appropriate arrangements on
the request of any of the parties. Given that such safeguards exist, I do not
find that circumstances surrounding the Production Order warrant an overall
stay of the arbitral proceedings.

26 Mr Yeo’s other argument relates generally to the prejudice the Plaintiff
would suffer if it were to participate in the Arbitration pending the court’s
curial review on the Tribunal’s ruling on jurisdiction. Mr Yeo submits that
such participation could amount to a waiver of its jurisdictional objections,
and that substantial and unrecoverable management time and costs would have to
be expended. I do not see any merit in these contentions. As Mr Bull rightly
argues, the “waiver” concern is overstated as the Plaintiff had clearly and
unequivocally raised its jurisdictional objection to the Tribunal (such
objection forming the nub of the dispute at the Arbitration’s jurisdiction
phase) and maintained this objection by filing an application seeking a review
of the Tribunal’s positive jurisdictional ruling. Further, management time and
costs would inevitably be expended when arbitral proceedings continue. It does
not amount to special circumstances. As for wasted costs, Mr Bull relies on s
10(7) of the IAA where the High Court could make a costs order accompanying a
ruling that the Tribunal had no jurisdiction over the Plaintiff. Finally, I do
not see the need to comment on his observation that SUB is not disputing the
Tribunal’s jurisdiction, and that costs would have to be expended in defending
SUB in the Arbitration anyway. In that sense, so his argument develops, the
extra costs that the Plaintiff would incur in participating in the Arbitration
would not be significant.

27 Mr Yeo’s remaining arguments relate to the repercussions of the court’s
refusal to grant a stay, and the Plaintiff’s election to not participate in
the Arbitration. Mr Yeo’s argument is that adverse inferences would be drawn
against the Plaintiff for non-compliance with the Production Order, and hence
the resulting award on the merits would be in the Defendants’ favour, the
Plaintiff having not defended in the Arbitration. There is nothing to Mr Yeo’s
contention on adverse inferences.

28 For the reasons stated, I find that there are no special circumstances in
this particular case warranting a stay of the arbitral proceedings under s
10(9)(a) of the IAA. I will hear parties on costs.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge

Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai S.C., Wendy Lin Weiqi and Mak Shin Yi (WongPartnership
LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Cavinder Bull S.C. and Foo Yuet Min (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendants;  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 4: 12 Oct 2022 (20:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

