Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 290

Criminal Case No 33 of 2017

Between

PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
---  
  
And

(1)| RAMESH A/L PERUMAL  
---|---  
(2)| CHANDER KUMAR A/L JAYAGARAN  
  
Judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Joint trial] — [Taking into
consideration admission of co-accused]

[Evidence] — [Proof of evidence] — [Confessions]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Ramesh a/l Perumal and another

[2017] SGHC 290

High Court — Criminal Case No 33 of 2017  
Chan Seng Onn J  
25–27 April; 3–5 May; 3 July 2017

14 November 2017 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 This is a joint trial of two accused persons who have been accused of
bringing a total of nine bundles of diamorphine into Singapore from Malaysia
in a lorry driven by the second accused person, Chander Kumar a/l Jayagaran
(“Chander”). The first accused person, Ramesh a/l Perumal (“Ramesh”), was a
passenger in the said lorry. When in Singapore, the accused persons parted
ways. Ramesh was arrested shortly after with four of the bundles in his
possession; Chander was arrested with two of the bundles in his possession,
after having delivered three of the bundles to one Harun bin Idris (“Harun”).

2 Ramesh faces a single charge under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the Misuse
of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”) for having in his possession
not less than 29.96g of diamorphine for the purpose of trafficking without any
authorisation under the MDA. Chander faces the following three charges:

(a) one charge under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA for having in his
possession not less than 14.79g of diamorphine for the purpose of trafficking
without any authorisation under the MDA;

(b) one charge under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA for trafficking in not less than
19.27g of diamorphine by delivering three bundles of diamorphine to Harun
without any authorisation under the MDA; and

(c) one charge under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA for trafficking in not less than
29.96g of diamorphine by delivering four bundles of diamorphine to Ramesh
without any authorisation under the MDA.

3 Both accused persons claimed trial to their charges. Ramesh contests his
charge by essentially arguing that he did not know that the bag that Chander
had passed to him contained the four bundles of diamorphine that he is being
charged for; instead, he thought that the bag contained office documents. As
for Chander, he argues that he did not know that the nine bundles of
diamorphine that are the subject of his charges contained diamorphine; rather,
he thought that the bundles contained betel nuts.

4 At the end of the joint trial, I reserved judgment. I now set out my
decision and the accompanying reasons.

The undisputed facts

5 Ramesh, a 39-year-old Malaysian national, and Chander, a 40-year-old
Malaysian national, both work as drivers for Millennium Transport Agency, a
transport company based in Johor Bahru, Malaysia, which handles deliveries in
Singapore. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Agreed Facts (“SOAF”) dated 19 April 2017, para 1.

6 On 26 June 2013, at or about 7.40am, Chander and Ramesh arrived together at
Woodlands Checkpoint, Singapore, from Malaysia in a delivery lorry bearing
registration number JNS 2583 (“the first lorry”), which was driven by Chander.
After entering Singapore, Chander drove to a location along Woodlands Road,
Singapore, where another delivery lorry bearing registration number JMG 7398
(“the second lorry”) was parked. Ramesh alighted from the first lorry and
boarded the second lorry. Both accused persons then drove off separately. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOAF, para 2.

7 At or about 8.30am on the same day, officers from the Central Narcotics
Bureau (“CNB”) spotted Chander stopping the first lorry close to the food
centre at 20 Marsiling Lane, where Harun and one Tang Chee Sun (“Tang”) were
waiting. Harun approached the first lorry and opened the door of the front
passenger side of the lorry. Chander informed Harun that his items were on the
passenger’s side of the lorry. Harun then retrieved a white plastic bag
(“E1”), which contained three bundles wrapped in black tape (“E1A”, “E1B” and
“E1C”; collectively, “the E bundles”), from the floor of the passenger’s side
of the first lorry, placed an envelope and a stack of cash on the passenger
seat, and left. Chander then drove off from the location. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOAF, para 3.

8 At about 8.45am, Chander arrived just outside the premises of Sankyu
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Sankyu”) at 11 Clementi Loop, where he was arrested by
CNB officers shortly after at about 8.55am. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOAF, para 4.

The officers searched the first lorry and seized the following items: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOAF, paras 5 and 7.

(a) one bundle wrapped in black tape, recovered from the area between the
driver and passenger seats (“A1”);

(b) one bundle wrapped in black tape, recovered from a compartment under the
radio (“B1”); and

(c) cash amounting to S$6,950 (“C1”) and one Nokia 110 mobile phone (“CKJ-
HP1”), both recovered from the compartment above the driver’s seat.

A1 and B1 shall be collectively referred to as “the AB bundles”. The officers
also searched Chander and seized another Nokia 110 mobile phone (“CKJ-HP2”),
recovered from the right pocket of his pants. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOAF, para 6.

9 Shortly after, at or about 9.00am, Ramesh stopped the second lorry at the
same location at 11 Clementi Loop. He was arrested by CNB officers while
walking towards the premises of Sankyu after alighting from the second lorry.
7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOAF, para 8.

The officers proceeded to search the second lorry, and seized a blue bag
(“D1”) from the area between the driver and passenger seats. Within the bag,
there was a white plastic bag (“D1A”), which contained four bundles wrapped in
black tape (“D1A1”, “D1A2”, “D1A3” and “D1A4”; collectively, “the D bundles”).
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOAF, para 9.

10 All the seized bundles were submitted to the Health Sciences Authority
(“HSA”) for analysis. In summary, the following findings were made: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOAF, paras 15–16.

(a) The AB bundles, which together contained not less than 460.3g of
granular/powdery substance, were found to contain not less than 14.79g of
diamorphine.

(b) The D bundles, which together contained not less than 923g of
granular/powdery substance, were found to contain not less than 29.96g of
diamorphine.

(c) The E bundles, which together contained not less than 688.5g of
granular/powdery substance, were found to contain not less than 19.27g of
diamorphine.

Diamorphine is a Class A controlled drug listed under the First Schedule to
the MDA.

11 Tests run by the HSA on the blood samples obtained from both accused
persons further revealed that Ramesh’s deoxyribonucleic acid (“DNA”) was found
on the adhesive sides of the tape used to wrap exhibit D1A2. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOAF, paras 17–20.

Statements recorded from the accused persons

12 In the course of investigations, the CNB officers recorded six statements
from Ramesh, which comprised:

(a) one contemporaneous statement recorded pursuant to s 22 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”) on 26 June 2013 at 9.40am; 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Agreed Bundle (“AB”), pp 307–311.

(b) one cautioned statement recorded pursuant to s 23 of the CPC on 26 June
2013, 11.06pm to 11.20pm; 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AB, pp 351–355.

and

(c) four long statements recorded pursuant to s 22 of the CPC on 30 June 2013
(“P98”), 2 July 2013 (“P100”), 3 July 2013 (“P102”) and 24 April 2014 (“P104”)
respectively. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AB, pp 381–389, 396–398, 402–408 and 426–427

13 As for Chander, the CNB officers recorded ten statements, which comprised:

(a) two contemporaneous statements recorded pursuant to s 22 of the CPC on 26
June 2013 at 9.42am and 11.37am respectively; 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AB, pp 276–283 and 313.

(b) three cautioned statements recorded pursuant to s 23 of the CPC on: (i) 27
June 2013, 12.25am to 12.35am (“P94”); (ii) 27 June 2013, 1.06am to 1.12am
(“P95”); and (iii) 27 June 2013, 1.40am to 2.05am (“P96”) respectively; 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AB, pp 356–370.

and

(c) five long statements recorded pursuant to s 22 of the CPC on 29 June 2013
(“P97”), 1 July 2013 (“P99”), 2 July 2013 (“P101”), 3 July 2013 (“P103”) and
30 April 2014 (“P105”) respectively. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AB, pp 371–380, 390–395, 399–401, 409–425 and 428–439.

14 Neither of the accused persons disputes the voluntariness of any of the
statements.

Ramesh

15 In his contemporaneous statement recorded on the day he was arrested,
Ramesh said that Chander had passed him D1 “at about 7 plus” on 26 June 2013,
asked him to hold on to D1, and instructed Ramesh to pass D1 back to him after
1pm on the same day. He also claimed that this was the first time that Chander
had ever told him to hold onto a bag. Crucially, Ramesh further stated that he
had asked Chander what was in the bag, to which Chander replied that “there is
company item inside” that “he wants to bring back to Malaysia”. However,
Ramesh claimed that he did not open D1 to check its contents, and that he had
never seen the D bundles before. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AB, pp 310–311.

16 In his cautioned statement recorded on the same day, Ramesh stated that
Chander gave him a bag, ie, D1, and asked him to keep it in the second lorry.
What was noteworthy was that Ramesh stated that he received a call at 8.30am
from someone asking him “where is the bag”, to which Ramesh replied that he
did not know. Ramesh also received another call at about 8.40am from a
Malaysian number asking him in Tamil “work finish?”, to which he replied “what
work”. The Malaysian caller then hung up. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AB, pp 354–355.

17 In P98, Ramesh gave an extensive account of the events leading up to his
arrest. The following portions are worth highlighting:

(a) He was instructed by his employer on the night of 25 June 2013 to hitch a
ride from Chander the next day into Singapore and use the second lorry parked
in Woodlands to collect some documents from Sankyu at 11 Clementi Loop and
other items from various other locations. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

P98, para 7.

On 26 June 2013, at about 5.30am, he hitched a motorcycle ride from his
friend, one Murugan, who was an old friend from another transport company that
he used to work for, to his office. According to Ramesh, although he usually
does not hitch a ride from Murugan, he decided to do so on that day as he “was
afraid [that Chander] might be late for work”. However, in the same breath,
Ramesh also said that “[Chander] is habitually late for work”. Ramesh reached
his office at 5.40am, while Chander arrived ten minutes after. They set off
for Woodlands Checkpoint at about 6.15am, and arrived at about 7.20am. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

P98, paras 9–10.

(b) They arrived at the location where the second lorry was parked at about
7.40am. While Ramesh was alighting from the first lorry, he claimed that
Chander gave him a blue bag, ie, D1, and “told [him] to keep the bag till
[they] were done with [their] collection at Keppel Distripark”. Ramesh claimed
that he was confused as he “did not know why he would want to give [him] his
bag”. According to Ramesh, he only saw D1 when Chander wanted to pass it to
him. Ramesh asked Chander why he gave him D1. In response, Chander told him
“to help him keep the bag as it contained some office documents”. Ramesh felt
that D1 was heavy and hence again asked Chander what was in D1. Chander again
replied that it contained office documents. After Chander drove off in the
first lorry, Ramesh opened the door of the second lorry and “threw the bag
onto the space beside the driver seat”. Ramesh then drove off at about 8am. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

P98, para 12.

(c) While Ramesh was driving the second lorry, he claimed to have received a
phone call from a Malaysian number, during which the male caller asked him in
Tamil “if the work has been completed”. Ramesh asked in return “what work he
was referring to and who he was”. The caller then hung up abruptly. About ten
minutes later, at about 8.40am, Ramesh then received a call from a Singapore
number, during which the male caller told him in English that “I am at Cheng
Meng”. Ramesh claimed that he “was not really sure what he meant by this”, and
hence asked the caller what he meant. The caller once again hung up abruptly.
22

##### Foot Note 22

×

P98, paras 13–14.

(d) Subsequently, after Ramesh arrived at Sankyu at 11 Clementi Loop, he was
arrested by CNB officers while walking towards the Sankyu premises after
alighting from the second lorry. Ramesh was brought to the lorry and asked
what he had inside. Ramesh responded by informing the officers that he had
“some company documents and a bag”. The officers then opened the door of the
second lorry, retrieved D1, and asked Ramesh what was inside the bag. Ramesh
answered that he “did not know what was inside”. When the officers emptied the
contents of D1 to reveal the D bundles and informed Ramesh that they could be
drugs, Ramesh claimed to feel “shocked”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

P98, para 15.

18 In P100, Ramesh reiterated that he received two calls in the morning of 26
June 2013 – one from a Malaysian number and one from a Singapore number.
However, Ramesh also stated that after he had received those two calls, he
also received a call from Chander, who called to check on his delivery status.
After this call from Chander, Ramesh then claimed to receive another call from
the same Malaysian number that he had earlier received the first call from.
The caller remained silent throughout the call this time. Ramesh hung up after
the caller failed to respond. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

P100, paras 17–18.

19 Finally, in P104, Ramesh stated – after being shown the HSA test results
revealing that Ramesh’s DNA was found on the adhesive sides of the tape used
to wrap exhibit D1A2 – that during the journey on the first lorry, he recalled
using his hand to reach down and push aside an object that “came out from the
dashboard compartment beside [his] leg”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

P104, para 40.

Specifically, he had felt uncomfortable as the object was hitting his leg
during the journey, and hence he “grasped [the object] in [his] hand using
[his] fingers and moved it aside”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

P104, para 37.

However, he “could not clearly see what [he had] pushed aside” as it was dark.
After pushing aside the object, he went back to sleep. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

P104, para 38.

Chander

20 In his two contemporaneous statements recorded on 26 June 2013, Chander
stated that A1 was passed to him from “[s]omeone on top in Malaysia” for him
to “give [to] one Malay person” who would contact him later, and that B1 was
also passed to him from “[t]he person on top” for him deliver to “the person
that wants to take the thing”, who would also contact him later. Chander also
stated that he had passed “[f]our bundles” to Ramesh, while he had passed
“[t]hree” bundles to Harun in exchange for “7 thousand [dollars]”. When asked
how many times he had previously “done this kind of work sending things”,
Chander stated that he had done this “[o]nly three times in a period of two
months. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AB, p 313.

21 In his three cautioned statements, ie, P94, P95 and P96, Chander purported
to admit to all three charges that were served on him. As the statements are
extremely material to my decision, it is useful for me to set them out in
full. First, P94, which was recorded in relation to the charge under s 5(1)(a)
read with s 5(2) of the MDA for having in his possession the AB bundles of
diamorphine for the purpose of trafficking, reads as follows: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AB, p 359.

I admit to the charge. I need to support my aged parents my wife and 6
children. My eldest daughter is 15 years and my youngest child is 4 months
old. I’m the sole breadwinner of the family. I will give my full cooperation
to CNB in order to arrest the supplier. Even after my sentence, after I go
back to Malaysia I shall still render my assistance to CNB to catch the
culprits who do this. I plead for leniency and a very light sentence. This is
my first offence and I will never do it again. I did it because I have heavy
debts to pay. My father is a heart patient and my mother suffers from
diabetes.

[emphasis added]

Next, P95, which was recorded in relation to the charge under s 5(1)(a) for
trafficking in diamorphine by delivering the E bundles of diamorphine to
Harun, reads as follows: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AB, p 364.

I admit to the charge. I will never do it again. I plead for mercy and light
sentence. I need to support my aged parents who are also sick, my wife and my
6 children who are very young. They all depend on me. I am remorseful for what
I have done. Please give me a chance. I will give my full cooperation to CNB
authorities.

[emphasis added]

Finally, P96, which was recorded in relation to the charge under s 5(1)(a) for
trafficking in diamorphine by delivering the D bundles of diamorphine to
Ramesh, reads as follows: 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AB, p 369.

I admit to the charge, however I wish to state that I gave the 4 bundles to
him after he asked for his share of 4 bundles which was given to him by the
Malaysian supplier. The Malaysian supplier gave the 4 bundles because he
wanted to do the job. However since Ramesh lorry was parked in Singapore, he
came with me in the same lorry from Johor Bahru. That was the reason why his
share of the drugs was also in my lorry, which I subsequently handed over to
him. Please try to help me reunite with my family. I will never do this
mistake again. I am remorseful for what I did. I plead for mercy. I am the
sole breadwinner of my family.

[emphasis added]

22 In P97, P99, P101 and P103, Chander gave a detailed account of the events
leading up to his arrest. The material portions are summarised as follows:

(a) About four months before his arrest, Chander was first approached by one
Roy, a Malaysian Indian man living in his estate, to deliver undeclared betel
nuts (also known as “pakku” in Tamil and “pinang” in Malay). Chander agreed to
do so and hence in May 2013, he helped to deliver one bundle of betel nuts to
Harun. Harun passed Chander an envelope containing money in exchange, which
Chander in turn passed to Roy at a coffee shop near his office. Roy counted
the money in the envelope in front of Chander. Chander was paid RM250 for the
delivery. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

P97, paras 8–9; P99, para 21.

(b) On the night of 25 June 2013, Roy approached Chander and requested him to
help make another delivery of betel nuts. Roy stated that Chander was to
deliver “3 small bundles to one person, 4 small bundles to another person, and
2 small bundles to another person”. Specifically, the first three bundles were
meant for delivery at Woodlands, the next four bundles were meant for delivery
at Bedok, and he would be told where to deliver the last two bundles
subsequently. Chander was initially reluctant, but eventually agreed. Chander
enlisted Ramesh to help with the delivery of the set of four bundles.
Likewise, Ramesh was initially reluctant, but eventually agreed. Chander
assumed that Roy agreed to place the bundles in the basket of Chander’s
motorcycle. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

P97, paras 10–11; P99, para 26; P101, paras 44–47, 49.

(c) On 26 June 2013, Chander met Ramesh, who stayed in the same estate as
Chander, at about 5.45am at his motorcycle. At that time, Chander observed
that the nine bundles had already been neatly separated into three separate
plastic bags of four bundles, three bundles and two bundles respectively, and
stacked in the motorcycle basket. Chander gave Ramesh a lift to their office
on his motorcycle. While Ramesh helped to park Chander’s motorcycle, Chander
pulled open the cover of the dashboard at the front of the first lorry and
placed the plastic bags containing all nine bundles inside the compartment. At
that time, Ramesh did not see where Chander had kept the bundles. However,
Chandra told Ramesh where the bundles were kept while they were on the
causeway, having passed the Malaysia customs. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

P97, para 12; P99, para 24; P103, para 59.

(d) After they cleared the immigration checkpoint at about 7.30am, Chander
drove them to the location where the second lorry was parked. There, Chander
“told Ramesh to open the dashboard and take the 4 bundles that were meant for
him”. Ramesh asked Chander how he should keep the four bundles. Hence, Chander
instructed him to take his “blue SG brand bag”, ie, D1, and place the plastic
bag, ie, D1A, containing the four bundles, ie, the D bundles, into D1. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

P97, para 13; P99, para 35.

Ramesh then asked Chander “what to do with the rest of the bundles”. In
response, Chander told Ramesh to take out the set of three bundles and place
the bundles on the floor of the cabin, and leave the remaining two bundles
inside the dashboard. After Ramesh left the first lorry, Chander drove off and
stopped at a heavy vehicle car park at Admiralty Road West to await further
instructions. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

P97, para 14; P99, para 36; P103, paras 60–61.

(e) Subsequently, at about 8.05am, Chander received a call from a Malaysian
number. The caller, who spoke in Tamil, introduced himself as Roy’s friend and
instructed Chander to deliver four, instead of three, bundles to the next
recipient. Chander thus took out one bundle from the dashboard compartment and
placed it together with the three bundles that had earlier been placed on the
floor by Ramesh. A few minutes later, Chander received a call from a
Singaporean number. The caller, who spoke in Malay, arranged to meet Chander
at the market at 20 Marsiling Lane. Then, Roy’s friend contacted Chander
again, informing him that the next recipient would be giving him some money.
37

##### Foot Note 37

×

P97, para 15; P99, para 36.

(f) As Chander was driving towards 20 Marsiling Lane, the Singaporean caller
again contacted Chander, informing Chander that he was once again to deliver
only three bundles to the next recipient. Chander thus removed one bundle, ie,
A1, from the existing pile and placed it in the area between the driver’s seat
and the passenger’s seat. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

P97, para 16; P103, para 63.

(g) Chander reached 20 Marsiling Lane at about 8.20am. There, Harun, who was
waiting alongside Tang, opened the passenger door of the lorry, collected the
E bundles from the floor of the passenger’s side of the lorry, placed an
envelope containing a stack of cash and a separate bundle of notes tied with a
rubber band on the passenger seat, and left. Chander then drove off from the
location. While driving, he received a call from Roy’s friend, who asked if he
had taken the money and instructed him to count the money. Chander then
counted the money while he was driving, and realised that it came up to
S$7,000. Chander wondered to himself “how can ‘pinang’ cost so much”, and also
expressed this concern to Roy’s friend, who had called again. Roy’s friend
claimed that the money was debt for a previous shipment. After counting the
money, Chander tied all the notes up with the same rubber band and placed
them, ie, C1, in the compartment above the driver’s seat. Roy’s friend also
informed Chander that the remaining two bundles, ie, the AB bundles, were to
be delivered to someone riding a black motorcycle and wearing a red shirt.
Chander arranged to meet the recipient at 11 Clementi Loop. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

P97, para 17; P99, paras 37–38; P101, para 51; P103, paras 63–64.

(h) While driving towards 11 Clementi Loop, Chander placed C1 at the
compartment above the driver’s seat. Chander then received an SMS from Roy’s
friend with the contact number of a Chinese man, who was supposed to be the
last recipient. Shortly after Chander arrived in front of Sankyu at 11
Clementi Loop, he was arrested by CNB officers. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

P97, para 18; P99, para 38; P103, para 66.

The applicable legal principles

23 Before turning to consider the submissions advanced by the parties and the
evidence adduced during trial, I first set out the applicable legal principles
that govern the charges faced by the accused persons.

24 Section 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA provide as follows:

Trafficking in controlled drugs

5.—(1) Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a person,
on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person, whether or not that other
person is in Singapore —

(a) to traffic in a controlled drug;

…

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a person commits the offence of trafficking
in a controlled drug if he has in his possession that drug for the purpose of
trafficking.

Under s 2 of the MDA, “traffic” is defined to mean “to sell, give, administer,
transport, send, deliver or distribute” [emphasis added], or “to offer to do”
any of those actions.

25 In order to make out an offence of trafficking in a controlled drug under s
5(1)(a) of the MDA, the Prosecution must prove: (a) trafficking, without
authorisation, in a controlled drug; and (b) knowledge of the nature of the
controlled drug, which may be proved or presumed pursuant to s 18(2). If an
accused person is merely found to be in possession of the controlled drug, but
a trafficking charge is brought under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA,
the elements that must be established are: (a) possession of a controlled
drug, which may be proved or presumed pursuant to s 18(1); (b) knowledge of
the nature of the drug, which may be proved or presumed pursuant to s 18(2);
and (c) that possession of the drug was for the purpose of trafficking which
was not authorised.

26 Given that the Prosecution invokes the presumptions of possession and
knowledge under ss 18(1)(a) and 18(2) of the MDA respectively, I set out the
sub-provisions as follows:

Presumption of possession and knowledge of controlled drugs

18.—(1) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody or
under his control —

(a) anything containing a controlled drug;

…

shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have had that drug in his
possession.

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

27 Under s 18(1)(a) of the MDA, the accused is presumed to possess the drugs
that are contained in a particular thing as long as the Prosecution is able to
prove that the thing in issue exists and that the accused has possession,
control or custody of the thing in issue. This presumption is rebutted if the
accused is able to prove, on a balance of probabilities, that he did not have
the drugs in his possession. The clearest way in which the accused can
accomplish this is by establishing that he did not know that the thing in
issue contained the drug in question (eg, the drug was slipped into his bag
without his knowledge). If the presumption under s 18(1)(a) has been
successfully rebutted by the accused, the Prosecution would have failed to
prove that the accused was in possession of the drug. See Obeng Comfort v
Public Prosecutor [2017] 1 SLR 633 (“Obeng Comfort”) at [34]–[36].

28 The presumption under s 18(2) that the accused has knowledge of the nature
of the drug would be invoked if an accused is either (a) proved to have had
the controlled drug in his possession, or (b) presumed under s 18(1) of the
MDA to have had the controlled drug in his possession and this presumption is
not rebutted. This presumption is rebutted if the accused is able to prove, on
a balance of probabilities, that he did not have knowledge of the nature of
the controlled drug, which refers to the specific controlled drug found in his
possession. The accused can do so by showing that he did not know or could not
reasonably be expected to have known the nature of the controlled drug.
Practically speaking, this entails the accused explaining what he thought or
believed he was carrying, which could either be something innocuous or a
controlled drug other than the one found on him. The court will assess the
credibility and veracity of the accused’s account against the objective facts,
in the light of the item that the accused thought he was carrying. It would
not be possible for the accused to rebut the presumption where the Prosecution
is able to prove that the accused was acting with actual knowledge or wilful
blindness (ie, where the accused had the appropriate level of suspicion but
deliberately refused to inquire into the facts to investigate further). See
Obeng Comfort ([27] supra) at [35]–[40], Masoud Rahimi bin Mehrzad v Public
Prosecutor and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR 257 at [55] and Muhammad Ridzuan
bin Md Ali v Public Prosecutor and other matters [2014] 3 SLR 721 at
[75]–[76].

29 I now turn to apply these principles to the facts of this case.

My decision

30 Having carefully considered all the material before me, I find that the
Prosecution has proven the elements of all the charges against both Ramesh and
Chander beyond reasonable doubt. I shall now proceed to furnish my detailed
reasons for their convictions.

Ramesh

31 Ramesh faces a single charge under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA
for having the diamorphine in the D bundles in his possession for the purpose
of trafficking.

32 The Prosecution’s case against Ramesh may be summarised thus: 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions dated 19 June 2017, para 10.

(a) First, possession is made out. Chander’s evidence – that Ramesh had placed
the D bundles into D1 and left the first lorry with D1 – directly proves
Ramesh’s possession of the D bundles. Alternatively, the Prosecution relies on
the presumption of possession under s 18(1)(a) of the MDA, which arises by
virtue of Ramesh’s own admission that Chander had passed D1 to him and that D1
was in his possession.

(b) Second, knowledge of the nature of the drugs is satisfied. In this
respect, the Prosecution relies on the presumption of knowledge under s 18(2)
of the MDA and argues that given that Ramesh has been proven or presumed to
have had in his possession the D bundles, Ramesh is presumed to have known
that the D bundles contained diamorphine.

(c) Third, the requirement for the possession of the drugs to be “for the
purpose of trafficking” is made out by Chander’s evidence that Ramesh was
supposed to deliver the D bundles to a recipient in Bedok. Alternatively,
Ramesh’s own admission that he was going to return D1 and its contents to
Chander would also satisfy the definition of “traffic” under s 2 of the MDA.

33 In response, Ramesh essentially asserts that although Chander had indeed
passed D1 to him, he did not know that there were controlled drugs found
inside D1. He had asked Chander what was inside D1, and Chander replied by
stating that D1 merely contained office documents. This directly contradicts
Chander’s evidence that Chander had told him to put the D bundles into D1. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Ramesh’s Closing Submissions dated 19 June 2017, paras 10–11.

34 Ramesh submits in closing that the evidence adduced in this regard goes
towards rebutting the presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Ramesh’s Closing Submissions, paras 22 and 30.

With respect, I find this submission to be misguided. I think the evidence
adduced by Ramesh goes towards showing that possession under s 5(2) of the MDA
is not made out, by introducing a reasonable doubt as to his possession of
diamorphine, and also by rebutting the s 18(1)(a) presumption of possession.
If Ramesh succeeds in that regard, then the knowledge element would also not
be satisfied because if possession can be neither proved nor presumed, the
Prosecution may not invoke the presumption of knowledge under s 18(2).

35 In my view, the Prosecution has managed to establish beyond reasonable
doubt all three elements of the single charge against Ramesh.

Whether Ramesh was in possession of the D bundles

36 It is evident from Ramesh’s case that whether Ramesh was in possession of
the D bundles is the main issue in contention (see [33] above). I accept the
Prosecution’s submission that Ramesh was in possession of the D bundles.

(1) Positive proof of possession

37 While there was no doubt that Ramesh was physically in possession of D1,
and accordingly, the D bundles, Ramesh submitted that he did not know that the
D bundles were in D1. In my view, the Prosecution is able to positively prove
beyond reasonable doubt that Ramesh was in possession of the D bundles because
the evidence given by Chander shows that Ramesh knew that the D bundles were
in D1.

38 At trial, Chander testified that he had specifically told Ramesh how he had
kept all nine bundles, which had been neatly packed into three separate
plastic bags, in the dashboard compartment at the front of the first lorry.
Chander also gave evidence that after they had arrived at the location where
the second lorry was parked, Chander had instructed Ramesh to open the
dashboard and retrieve the four bundles that were meant for him to deliver,
ie, the D bundles. When Ramesh asked Chander how he should keep the four
bundles, Chander further instructed Ramesh to place the D bundles into D1.
During examination-in-chief by his counsel, Chander testified as follows: 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE, 4 May 2017, 53:15–32.

Q All right. And then---so after you cleared Malaysian Customs, what happened
next?

A And after the Malaysian Customs at the Causeway, I told Ramesh that I placed
the jaman here.

Q When you say you placed the jaman here, where are you referring to?

A At---in the dashboard labelled B.

…

Q All right. And what happened next?

A After clearing the Customs, we entered into Singapore. No checking was done.
I have been driving lorry for a very long time but on that day the Customs was
very unusual. It was unusually quiet. Someone whom I do not know, he was
standing at the boot and he was looking at my lorry. And I did not bother
about it and I continued in my journey. At Kranji Road, I made a U-turn at
Turf Club and that was when I told Ramesh to open up the dashboard and to take
out four bundles. He took it and he asked me where to put it and I told him---
and I told him to put it inside my bag. And he asked me about the rest of the
bundles and I told him to take three bundles and to place it on the floor.
After that, I dropped him and he went off with the bag.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

Chander’s evidence remained largely consistent during cross-examination by
counsel for Ramesh. The relevant portion of Chander’s testimony is reproduced
as follows: 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NE, 4 May 2017, 74:28–75:20.

Q So when you arrived at Woodlands, when Ramesh was about to alight from the
lorry, what did you tell Ramesh?

A I told Ramesh to check his lorry.

Q What about the bundles?

A He---he has---he took it and has gotten down.

Q Did you tell him to take the bundles?

A Yes, I told him to take.

Q So you told him to take? How did---

A Yes, I told him that they were\---

Q What did you---

A ---inside\---

Q ---tell him?

A ---the dashboard and I told him to---and I told him to take his four
bundles.

Q How would he know which are his four bundles? You---sorry.

A Roy told me that he had separated the bundles---he had separated the bundles
into four, three and two.

Q So how did Ramesh go about taking out these bundles?

A He opened the dashboard and took out the bag. He took four bundles and he
asked me about the rest of the bundles. And I told him to place three bundles
on the floor. And he asked me how to bring these four bundles and I told him
to put it inside my bag.

Q This is your personal bag?

A Yes.

Q So you are saying that Ramesh took a plastic bag which contained four
bundles?

A Yes.

[emphasis added in bold]

39 On the whole, I find the account provided by Chander in this regard to be
reliable because his evidence is both internally and externally consistent.
That Chander’s evidence is internally consistent is evident from how the
specific account of events provided at trial is consistent with the evidence
that Chander provided during investigations in both P97 and P99 (see
[22(c)]–[22(d)] above). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

P97, para 13; P99, para 35.

40 Chander’s evidence is also externally consistent, given that his account
implicating Ramesh is corroborated by other pieces of evidence adduced at
trial. First, it was undisputed that HSA tests showed that Ramesh’s DNA was
found on the adhesive sides of the tape used to wrap D1A2 (see [11] above). 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

SOAF, paras 17–20.

This supports Chander’s description of how it was Ramesh who had placed the D
bundles into D1. The logical inference to draw from this is that Ramesh’s DNA
could have accidentally been transferred onto the adhesive sides of the tape
wrapping D1A2 when Ramesh was checking to see which of the three plastic bags
hidden in the dashboard compartment was the plastic bag containing the D
bundles.

41 I accept the Prosecution’s submission that Ramesh’s DNA could not have been
transferred onto D1A2 due to events occurring after Ramesh’s arrest. After
Ramesh was arrested, a grip restraint and a face mask were both placed on him
while a search of the second lorry by the CNB officers was conducted in the
presence of Ramesh. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PS31, para 10; PS34A, para 8; PS35A, para 8.

D1 was only retrieved from the lorry during the search. I thus found it
extremely unlikely that Ramesh’s DNA was transferred to D1A2 after his arrest.

42 I reject Ramesh’s attempts to discredit the corroborative DNA evidence for
the following reasons:

(a) First, Ramesh’s explanation that his DNA was transferred when he was
brushing the bundles away from his leg while he was in the first lorry driven
by Chander should be dismissed as a mere afterthought. Ramesh offered this
explanation only when recording P104, which was a long statement recorded on
24 April 2014, after he had been confronted with the HSA test results (see
[19] above). I also found Ramesh’s explanation to be inherently incredible. In
this regard, I accepted the evidence of the HSA analyst Tang Sheau Wei June,
who testified that if a person had merely touched the outside of a plastic
bag, it would theoretically not be possible for his DNA to be found on the
adhesive side of the bundles inside that plastic bag. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE, 26 April 2017, 22:16–21.

(b) Next, Ramesh’s suggestion that his DNA could have been transferred to D1A2
due to contamination during the handling of the exhibits is fanciful at best.
D1A2 could not have been contaminated at the place of arrest because Ramesh’s
belongings had been seized and placed in tamper-proof bags even before D1 was
found. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PS33A, para 7.

D1A2 also could not have been contaminated when it was being sent to the HSA
for testing because the HSA analyst only received drug exhibits that were
individually sealed in tamper-proof bags. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PS8, para 2.

It is thus evidently impossible for the handling of the exhibits at any stage
to have resulted in Ramesh’s DNA being transferred to D1A2.

43 Second, another piece of corroborative evidence is Ramesh’s own actions
when he was questioned by Senior Station Inspector David Ng (“PW45”)
immediately after his arrest. PW45 testified in his written statement that
when he first took over custody of Ramesh from another CNB officer, he “asked
[Ramesh] if he had anything illegal inside the [second lorry]. Ramesh replied
‘one bag’ in English”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PS31, para 7.

PW45 also stated that when the second lorry was being searched in Ramesh’s
presence, he “asked Ramesh in English ‘where is the illegal thing?’ and
[Ramesh] replied ‘middle’ in English, while using his head to point to the
area between the driver and the passenger seat”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PS31, para 9.

It is undisputed that the item identified by Ramesh at that instant was D1.
This evidence was consistent with PW45’s evidence during his examination-in-
chief, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NE, 3 May 2017, 19:30–20:7, 20:22–27.

and remained unshaken during cross-examination by counsel for Ramesh. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE, 3 May 2017, 26:14–31, 30:14–18.

To my mind, the fact that Ramesh associated D1 with something “illegal” is
highly indicative of his actual knowledge that D1 contained the D bundles.

44 Finally, I also find it telling that Ramesh himself acted furtively in
attempting to conceal D1 before leaving the second lorry. PW45 stated in his
written statement that when the CNB officers were searching the second lorry
in the presence of Ramesh, he “saw a bag partially hidden behind a pillow
which was placed between the driver and passenger seat”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PS31, para 9.

This was confirmed by PW45 on the stand during examination-in-chief, when he
clarified that D1 was “partially hidden” between the driver seat and the
passenger seat behind the pillow, which was “leaning backwards”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE, 3 May 2017, 21:1–22:32.

During cross-examination by counsel for Ramesh, PW45’s evidence was unshaken –
he maintained that when searching the second lorry, he “saw a bag partially
hidden behind a pillow”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NE, 3 May 2017, 30:15–18.

Given that Ramesh’s evidence is that after receiving D1 from Chander, he just
“threw the bag onto the space beside the driver seat”, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

P98, para 12.

the logical inference that should be drawn from the position in which PW45 saw
D1 is that Ramesh attempted to hide D1 by covering it with the pillow before
leaving the second lorry. When Ramesh was cross-examined by the Deputy Public
Prosecutor (“DPP”) at trial on this point, he initially denied covering D1
with a pillow. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NE, 4 May 2017, 30:15–22.

It was only after questioning by the court that Ramesh relented and conceded
that the person placing D1 behind the pillow “could have been” him, and that
he “[did] not know clearly” whether it was him. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NE, 4 May 2017, 33:1–34:27.

I agree with the Prosecution that there would have been no reason for Ramesh
to have attempted to conceal D1 in this manner – behind a pillow between the
driver’s seat and the passenger’s seat of the second lorry – if he did not in
fact know that D1 contained the D bundles.

45 I pause at this juncture to briefly address the Prosecution’s submission
regarding the admissibility of P96, which is Chander’s third cautioned
statement. The Prosecution argues that the court should take P96 into
consideration as against Ramesh pursuant to s 258(5) of the CPC. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions, para 16.

In P96, Chander stated that he had passed Ramesh the D bundles after Ramesh
specifically asked for his share of the drugs which had been given to him by
the Malaysian supplier, and that the Malaysian supplier had passed Ramesh the
D bundles because this was a job that he wanted to do. Chander also explained
that Ramesh’s share of the drugs was in Chander’s lorry, and was only
subsequently handed over by Chander to Ramesh, because Chander was giving
Ramesh a lift from Johor Bahru to his lorry parked in Singapore (see [21]
above). 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

AB, p 370.

It is evident that P96 contains admissions by Chander that affect both himself
and Ramesh and that, if found to be capable of being taken into consideration
as against Ramesh, would be gravely detrimental, even fatal, to his defence.

46 I reject the Prosecution’s attempt to use P96 against Ramesh pursuant to s
258(5) of the CPC, and find its submissions in this regard to be misconceived
in law. Section 258(5) states thus:

(5) When more persons than one are being tried jointly for the same offence,
and a confession made by one of such persons affecting himself and some other
of such persons is proved, the court may take into consideration the
confession as against the other person as well as against the person who makes
the confession.

Explanation — “Offence” as used in this section includes the abetment of or
attempt to commit the offence.

Illustrations

(a) A and B are jointly tried for the murder of C. It is proved that A said “B
and I murdered C”. The court may consider the effect of this confession as
against B.

…

Leaving aside the analysis of whether P96 fulfils the s 258(7) definition of a
“confession” in the first place (which will, in any case, be addressed below
at [69]–[73]), the Prosecution cannot rely on s 258(5) to submit that P96
should be taken into consideration against Ramesh. P96 is a cautioned
statement recorded in respect of the charge against Chander under s 5(1)(a) of
the MDA for trafficking diamorphine by giving the D bundles to Ramesh. On the
other hand, Ramesh faces one charge under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) for being
in possession of the D bundles for the purpose of trafficking. In my view,
although Chander and Ramesh were jointly tried for trafficking the exact same
bundles of diamorphine, ie, the D bundles, they were not being tried jointly
“for the same offence”.

47 This is evident from a plain and literal reading of the language of s
258(5) of the CPC as well as the accompanying Explanation and Illustrations.
First, assuming that there are two co-accused persons, I take the view that
the Explanation to s 258(5) suggests that s 258(5) should only apply if: (a)
both co-accused persons face the exact same charges for identical crimes, or
(b) one of the co-accused persons is charged with (i) abetting the other in
the commission of the offence with which the other is charged, or (ii)
attempting to commit the exact same offence as the other. None of these
scenarios presents itself in the present case. Second, Illustration (a) to s
258(5) also shows that Ramesh and Chander cannot be considered to be tried
jointly for the same offence. Illustration (a) provides that where A and B are
jointly tried for the murder of C, A’s confession that both B and he murdered
C can be taken into consideration against B. While A and B are being tried
jointly for the same incident in the Illustration (ie, the murder of C),
Ramesh and Chander were tried jointly for different drug trafficking
incidents.

48 This reading of s 258(5) of the CPC also finds support in existing case
law. In Lee Yuan Kwang and others v Public Prosecutor [1995] 1 SLR(R) 778
(“Lee Yuan Kwang”), there were four appellants who were jointly tried for drug
trafficking. The two key parties for our purposes are the third appellant,
Choo, and the fourth appellant, Yakoob. Choo faced two charges of trafficking,
one of which was for trafficking in 166.3g of diamorphine contained in two
packets by delivering the two packets to Yakoob. Yakoob faced one charge of
trafficking in 166.3g of diamorphine contained in the exact same two packets
by virtue of his possession of those two packets for the purpose of
trafficking. Those two packets of diamorphine were the very ones which Choo
was accused of having delivered to Yakoob. During investigations, the CNB
officers had recorded an oral statement from Choo, which contained a
confession from Choo that implicated both himself and Yakoob. The trial judge
held that the oral statement from Choo could be used as “independent evidence”
to sustain the conviction of Yakoob: see Lee Yuan Kwang at [52]. When the
matter came on appeal before the Court of Appeal, Yong Pung How CJ (delivering
the judgment of the court) disagreed. In interpreting s 30 of the Evidence Act
(Cap 97, 1990 Rev Ed), which was in pari materia with the present s 258(5) of
the CPC, Yong CJ stated thus (at [53]):

… The trial judge’s comments suggested that he did not see a distinction
between those cases which interpret s 30 of the Evidence Act and the present
case. The crucial distinction is that s 30 of the Evidence Act covers co-
accused who are “being tried jointly for the same offence”. We would therefore
agree with counsel that the situation at present, as far as Yakoob was
concerned, did not fall within the s 30 scenario. While the judge had ruled
that all the offences were “committed in the same transaction” as to come
within s 176 of the [Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)], the
charges before him (at least in respect of Choo and Yakoob) clearly did not
constitute “the same offence”. Rather, Yakoob faced an independent charge
which was quite unconnected with the two charges against Choo. …

[emphasis added]

As is evident from the foregoing discussion, Lee Yuan Kwang is a decision that
features facts that are strikingly similar to those of the present case.
Ramesh, like Yakoob in Lee Yuan Kwang, faces “an independent charge which [is]
quite unconnected with the … charges against” his co-accused, ie, Chander. In
other words, they have been tried for distinct and independent offences such
that they cannot be considered to be tried jointly “for the same offence”. It
is thus clear that s 258(5) of the CPC may not apply in the present context to
assist the Prosecution in the manner that they have sought.

49 Having said that, even without relying on Chander’s evidence in P96, I am
still satisfied that the evidence provided by Chander at trial as well as the
other corroborative evidence discussed above, is sufficient for the
Prosecution to prove beyond reasonable doubt that Ramesh was in possession of
the D bundles.

(2) Presumption of possession under s 18(1)(a) of the MDA

50 Even if the evidence highlighted by the Prosecution is considered
insufficient to positively prove that Ramesh was in possession of the D
bundles, I find that the Prosecution is able to invoke the presumption under s
18(1)(a) of the MDA that Ramesh was in possession of the D bundles. I also
find that Ramesh is unable to rebut this presumption on the balance of
probabilities.

51 The Prosecution is clearly able to rely on the s 18(1)(a) presumption of
possession because there is no dispute that Ramesh had possession of D1.
Indeed, Ramesh admits in all his statements that Chander passed D1 to him and
that D1 was in his possession (see [15]–[17] above).

52 The central question then is whether Ramesh is able to rebut the
presumption of possession on the balance of probabilities. In my judgment,
Ramesh is unable to do so. Although Ramesh claims that he did not check D1’s
contents because he honestly believed that D1 merely contained office
documents, I am not persuaded that Ramesh did not know that D1 contained the D
bundles.

53 First, I do not accept Ramesh’s explanation that Chander had told him that
D1 contained office documents and had instructed him to help safekeep D1 until
they were done with their deliveries at about 1pm for the following two
reasons:

(a) Earlier, I have already explained why I considered Chander’s evidence that
he had instructed Ramesh to put the D bundles into D1 to be convincing and
reliable (see [38]–[44] above). This naturally directly contradicts Ramesh’s
account that he was told that D1 contained office documents.

(b) Next, putting aside Chander’s account of the events, I also do not think
that Ramesh’s account is supported by the evidence. Ramesh stated both in P98
64

##### Foot Note 64

×

P98, para 15.

and at trial 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE, 4 May 2017, 38:16–23.

that he had informed the CNB officers, when asked what was inside the second
lorry, that he had some company documents and a bag in the second lorry.
However, it has earlier been established this is contradicted by the evidence
of the CNB officers. In particular, PW45 never asked Ramesh what he had inside
the lorry. Rather, he had “asked [Ramesh] if he had anything illegal inside
the [second lorry]. Ramesh replied ‘one bag’ in English”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PS31, para 7.

He also “asked Ramesh in English ‘where is the illegal thing?’ and [Ramesh]
replied ‘middle’ in English, while using his head to point to the area between
the driver and the passenger seat” 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

PS31, para 9.

(see [43] above). PW45’s account is in turn corroborated by the evidence of
other CNB officers who had helped to administer the search of the second
lorry. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PS32, para 8; PS33, para 8.

54 Second, even assuming arguendo that Chander had indeed told Ramesh that D1
contained office documents, I still find Ramesh’s explanation to be inherently
illogical for the following reasons:

(a) First, I find it difficult to believe that Ramesh would have accepted D1
simply because Chander instructed him to help keep it and return it to him
later. If D1 indeed contained office documents, there was no reason for
Chander to make this request, given that Chander could very well have just
kept D1 with him. Ramesh surely ought to have checked D1’s contents given that
this was, on Ramesh’s own account, the first time Chander had asked him to
safekeep office documents on his behalf. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

AB, p 310, A7.

(b) Next, I also reject Ramesh’s explanation that he refrained from checking
D1’s contents because Chander was the “senior driver” while Ramesh was just
“new to this job”, and so Ramesh was just following Chander’s instructions. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE, 3 May 2017, 68:12–18, 85:10–22.

I dismiss this explanation as a mere afterthought as it was only conjured up
by Ramesh at trial, and was never recorded in any of his statements.

(c) Finally, I take the view that it is extremely unlikely for Ramesh to not
have checked the contents of D1 just because Chander told him that D1
contained office documents, because Ramesh himself had admitted that D1 “felt
heavy” when he was first passed the bag (see [17(b)] above). 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

P98, para 12.

Given that the D bundles together weighed a total of nearly 1kg, Ramesh surely
ought to have known that D1 was too heavy for a bag containing mere office
documents.

55 Third, I find it troubling that Ramesh failed to check D1 even though it is
plain that he had every opportunity to do so. It is undisputed, on Ramesh’s
own account of the facts, that from the moment he received D1 from Chander
just before he left the first lorry, till the moment he was arrested, Ramesh
was the only one who had both physical control of D1 and access to the second
lorry. I thus find it extremely unlikely that Ramesh indeed did not know that
D1 contained the D bundles.

56 Finally, I do not think that Ramesh is a credible witness, given his
inconsistent or inherently unbelievable evidence provided in the course of the
trial. This in turn significantly hampers Ramesh’s ability to rebut the
presumption of possession. I highlight the following to illustrate this point:

(a) First, the evidence shows that Ramesh has been untruthful about the phone
calls that he received on his mobile phone on 26 June 2013. Whereas Ramesh
claimed both in his statements 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

AB, pp 354–355; P98, paras 13–14.

and at trial 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE, 3 May 2017, 69:16–30.

that he only received two calls, the evidence shows that he in fact received
five calls. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

AB, p 96; NE 4 May 2017, 16:5–29.

Further, although Ramesh claimed that he did not know Roy or Roy’s friend (who
was in fact the person contacting him on 26 June 2013), the evidence shows
that Roy’s friend was the one who had made the five calls to him on 26 June
2013 between the time when he received D1 from Chander and the time of his
arrest, and that these calls lasted for some time. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

AB, p 96.

Finally, even Ramesh’s evidence about the content of his two calls was
inconsistent. At trial, Ramesh testified that the first caller asked him in
Tamil “if the job is completed”, while the second caller told him “I am Cheng
Meng” before hanging up. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NE, 3 May 2017, 69:16–30.

I note that this description is broadly similar to the content of the two
calls as described in P98 (see [17(c)] above). However, these accounts vary
considerably from that provided in Ramesh’s cautioned statement, in which he
stated that the first caller had asked him “where is the bag”, to which Ramesh
replied that he did not know, while the second caller asked him in Tamil “work
finish?”, to which he replied “what work” (see [16] above). 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

AB, pp 354–355.

(b) Second, Ramesh strangely insisted during cross-examination by the DPP that
he did not witness the search of the second lorry immediately after he was
arrested, as he was looking down at the road and not the lorry when it was
being searched. This was despite the fact that the court had sought
clarification in this regard numerous times, thereby giving Ramesh ample
opportunity to correct his testimony. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE, 4 May 2017, 31:14–32:31.

Ramesh’s evidence in this regard is clearly unbelievable, in the light of
overwhelming evidence from the CNB officers that Ramesh did observe the search
of the second lorry. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

PS32, para 8; PS33A, para 8.

57 For all of the above reasons, I find that Ramesh is unable to rebut, on the
balance of probabilities, the presumption invoked by the Prosecution under s
18(1)(a) of the MDA that Ramesh was in possession of the D bundles.

Whether Ramesh knew that the D bundles contained diamorphine

58 Given my finding that Ramesh was in possession of the D bundles, the
Prosecution is accordingly able to invoke the presumption of knowledge under s
18(2).

59 I find that Ramesh is unable to rebut this presumption on the balance of
probabilities. In my view, Ramesh has not adduced any evidence to show that he
did not know or could not reasonably be expected to have known the nature of
the controlled drugs in the D bundles, ie, that the D bundles contained
diamorphine. As the Court of Appeal emphatically observed in Obeng Comfort
([27] supra) at [39], in order for an accused to rebut the s 18(2)
presumption:

It would not suffice for the accused to claim simply that he did not know what
he was carrying save that he did not know or think it was drugs. If such a
simplistic claim could rebut the presumption in s 18(2), the presumption would
be all bark and no bite.

Given the evidence before me, Ramesh’s bare assertion that he thought that D1
contained company documents is woefully insufficient to pry open the jaws of
the s 18(2) presumption of knowledge, which I find to remain firmly clenched.

60 Accordingly, I find that the Prosecution has successfully invoked the
presumption of knowledge of the nature of the controlled drug under s 18(2) of
the MDA, and that Ramesh is unable to rebut this presumption on the balance of
probabilities. Ramesh is thus presumed to have known that the D bundles
contained diamorphine.

Whether the D bundles were in Ramesh’s possession for the purpose of
trafficking

61 Finally, I find that the D bundles were in Ramesh’s possession for the
purpose of trafficking. This issue was not contested, given that Ramesh failed
to make specific submissions in this regard. Regardless, I agree with the
Prosecution’s submission that Ramesh possessed the D bundles for the purpose
of trafficking.

62 Chander’s evidence was that Ramesh was supposed to deliver the D bundles to
a recipient in Bedok (see [22(b)] above). 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

P101, para 47.

In any case, Ramesh averred in his own statements that he was supposed to
return D1 to Chander either at 1pm or when they had completed their respective
deliveries (see [15] and [17(b)] above). 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

AB, p 310, A4; P98, para 12.

Given that “traffic” is defined under s 2 of the MDA to include the acts of
giving and delivering, as well as offering to do either, I find that the
Prosecution has managed to show that the D bundles were in Ramesh’s possession
for the purpose of trafficking.

63 For the reasons stated above, I am thus of the view that the Prosecution
has established beyond reasonable doubt all three elements in respect of the
single charge against Ramesh.

Chander

64 I turn now to deal with the three charges that Chander faces, which are set
out once again as follows:

(a) one charge under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA for having in his
possession the AB bundles, containing not less than 14.79g of diamorphine, for
the purpose of trafficking without any authorisation under the MDA;

(b) one charge under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA for trafficking in not less than
19.27g of diamorphine by delivering the E bundles to Harun without any
authorisation under the MDA; and

(c) one charge under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA for trafficking in not less than
29.96g of diamorphine by delivering the D bundles to Ramesh without any
authorisation under the MDA.

65 The Prosecution’s case against Chander may be summarised thus: 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions, para 11.

(a) First, the element of trafficking for Chander’s two charges under s
5(1)(a) of the MDA is satisfied due to Chander’s own admission in his long
statements that he gave the D bundles in D1 to Ramesh and delivered the E
bundles in E1 to Harun.

(b) Second, the element of possession for the purpose of trafficking for
Chander’s one charge under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA is made out
due to Chander’s admission in his long statements that he was going to deliver
the AB bundles to a recipient he was intending to meet.

(c) Third, the element of knowledge of the nature of the controlled drug for
all three charges is met due to Chander’s own confessions in his cautioned
statements that he knew that all of the nine bundles contained diamorphine.
Alternatively, the Prosecution also relies on the presumption of knowledge of
the nature of the drug under s 18(2) of the MDA to show that Chander should be
presumed to have known that all nine bundles contained diamorphine.

66 In response, Chander only contests the element of knowledge of the nature
of the drugs in his possession, arguing that he did not know that the nine
bundles originally in his possession contained diamorphine. To that end,
Chander claims that he believed that the bundles all contained betel nuts, and
that he did not have any reason to suspect otherwise. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Chander’s Closing Submissions dated 19 June 2017, para 12.

67 In the light of the arguments raised by the parties, I shall evaluate
Chander’s guilt for all three charges by answering the following two
questions:

(a) First, are Chander’s confessions in P94, P95 and P96 alone sufficient to
convict him?

(b) Second, even if Chander’s confessions in P94, P95 and P96 are disregarded,
is there sufficient evidence to convict him?

68 In my judgment, both questions should be answered in the positive. I thus
find that the Prosecution has managed to establish Chander’s guilt in respect
of all three charges beyond reasonable doubt.

Whether Chander may be convicted solely on the basis of his confessions in
P94, P95 and P96

69 In my view, Chander’s three cautioned statements, ie, P94, P95 and P96,
satisfy the legal definition of a “confession” under the CPC. I also find that
they are admissible and are sufficient to prove Chander’s guilt for all three
charges beyond reasonable doubt.

70 A “confession” is defined under s 258(7) of the CPC as “any statement made
at any time by [the accused] stating or suggesting the inference that he
committed the offence”. In determining whether a statement is a confession,
the test enunciated in the decision of the Judicial Committee of the Privy
Council in Jayalal Anandagoda v The Queen [1962] 1 WLR 817 (“Anandagoda”) is
instructive. Lord Guest, delivering the judgment of the court, held as follows
(at 823–824):

The test whether a statement is a confession is an objective one, whether to
the mind of a reasonable person reading the statement at the time and in the
circumstance in which it was made it can be said to amount to a statement that
the accused committed the offence or which suggested the inference that he
committed the offence. The statement must be looked at as a whole and it must
be considered on its own terms without reference to extrinsic facts. … It is
not permissible in judging whether the statement is a confession to look at
other facts which may not be known at the time or which may emerge in evidence
at the trial. But equally it is irrelevant to consider whether the accused
intended to make a confession. If the facts in the statement added together
suggest the inference that the accused is guilty of the offence then it is
nonetheless a confession even although the accused at the same time protests
his innocence. … The appropriate test in deciding whether a particular
statement is a confession is whether the words of admission in the context
expressly or substantially admit guilt or do they taken together in the
context inferentially admit guilt?

This test has been repeatedly endorsed by the Court of Appeal: see eg, Nguyen
Tuong Van v Public Prosecutor [2005] 1 SLR(R) 103 at [21]. It bears emphasis
that the Court of Appeal has notably also held that “for a statement to amount
to a confession, it need not be of a plenary or unqualified nature; it can
also be of a non-plenary nature so long as the statement connected the accused
in some way with the offence”: Chai Chien Wei Kelvin v Public Prosecutor
[1998] 3 SLR(R) 619 at [48], citing Tong Chee Kong and another v Public
Prosecutor [1998] 1 SLR(R) 591 at [18].

71 In my view, Chander’s three cautioned statements all qualify as
confessions. Looking at P94, P95 and P96 objectively, I find that they
indisputably amount to statements that Chander had committed the offences he
has been charged with. This is abundantly clear from the fact that Chander
begins each cautioned statement with the same explicit recital: “I admit to
the charge” (see [21] above). These unqualified statements amounted to express
admissions of guilt without requiring any inference on my part. It is also
clear to me that the cautioned statements all unequivocally connected Chander
to each of the three offences that he has been charged with. This is because
all three cautioned statements were only recorded after the charges were
explained and interpreted to Chander, who confirmed that he understood the
relevant charges and notices of warning administered. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

AB, pp 314–323.

In this regard, Chander’s pleas for leniency and mercy and expressions of
remorse were surely made in reference to the particulars of the offences set
out in the charges served on him by the CNB officers and explained to him by
the assigned interpreter, V I Ramanathan (“PW41”).

72 At trial, Chander suggested in his examination-in-chief that he made the
confessions given that he “was very scared and very confused [because he] was
informed that it was drugs and it’s capital punishment, death penalty for it”.
85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NE, 4 May 2017, 57:18–23.

In the first place, I do not accept Chander’s claim that he was indeed very
scared and confused when giving his statements. His explanations were flatly
contradicted by the testimony of PW41, who testified that Chander in fact
looked “very normal” and “very calm” when giving his cautioned statements. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE, 27 April 2017, 16:9–17:5.

In any case, even assuming that Chander indeed felt anxious, I do not think
that this detracts from my finding that the cautioned statements unequivocally
connect Chander to the drug trafficking charges that he is facing. First, if
Chander were indeed anxious about the fact that he was being charged with
offences that carry the death penalty, it would have been more logical for
Chander to deny his guilt, rather than confess to the charges immediately.
Moreover, it has been noted above that “it is irrelevant to consider whether
the accused intended to make a confession” [emphasis added]: Anandagoda at
823. Hence, insofar as Chander’s explanations in court suggest that he had
accidentally admitted to the charges when his cautioned statements were being
recorded, they are of no account.

73 Chander also submits that P96 in particularly should not amount to a
confession because PW41 mistranslated his oral statement given in Tamil.
According to him, he had used the word “jamma”, which means “thing” in Tamil,
and did not use the words “bothai porul”, which mean “drugs” in Tamil. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NE, 4 May 2017, 57:28–58:10; NE, 27 April 2017, 19:24–31, 20:18–22.

I reject this argument and find this to be a mere disingenuous attempt to
retract his confession. I accept PW41’s evidence that Chander could not have
used the word “jamma” when giving his statement for P96 because if he had done
so, PW41 would then have, in accordance with his job as a translator,
mentioned it to the CNB officer conducting the interview and then interpreted
it. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE, 27 April 2017, 20:12–17.

In my view, given PW41’s experience in performing interpretations for similar
CNB interviews, 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NE, 27 April 2017, 19:21–23.

it was unlikely that he had made a mistake in translating “jamma”. It was also
equally, if not more, unlikely for PW41 to deliberately misinterpret “jamma”
as “drugs”, given that there was clearly no reason for him to do so. In the
circumstances, I maintain my view that P96 was indeed a confession. Although
Chander subsequently denied knowledge of the drugs, it is settled law that an
accused person who retracts during his trial a confession he made earlier on
can still be convicted on the basis of the confession as long as the court is
satisfied that the confession was made voluntarily and that it is true and
reliable: Lim Thian Lai v Public Prosecutor [2006] 1 SLR(R) 319 at [43]; Syed
Abdul Mutalip bin Syed Sidek and another v Public Prosecutor [2002] 1 SLR(R)
1166 at [21].

74 Since I have established that P94, P95 and P96 are all confessions within
the meaning of s 258(7) of the CPC, they are accordingly all admissible unless
the statements appear not to have been voluntarily made pursuant to s 258(3)
of the CPC. However, I note that Chander did not, at any point in time during
the trial, challenge the voluntariness of any of his statements recorded (see
[14] above). There was no suggestion that any of Chander’s statements had been
obtained by any inducement, threat or promise from any person in authority, or
that such inducement, threat or promise, if made, had operated on Chander’s
mind.

75 In the light of my finding that all of Chander’s cautioned statements
amount to admissible confessions that should not be excluded for lack of
voluntariness, it necessarily follows that there is sufficient basis for me to
convict Chander on all three of his drug trafficking charges. Having said
that, out of an abundance of caution, I shall proceed to consider whether
there is sufficient evidence to make out the individual elements of Chander’s
three charges, even without Chander’s confessions in P94, P95 and P96.

Whether Chander’s offences may be proved without his confessions in P94, P95
and P96

76 In my view, even if Chander’s confessions are disregarded, there is still
sufficient evidence for the Prosecution to establish Chander’s guilt for all
three charges beyond reasonable doubt.

(1) Acts of trafficking

77 Although Chander does not dispute the fact that he had in his possession
the AB bundles with the intention to deliver them to another recipient, or
that he had given the D bundles to Ramesh and delivered the E bundles to
Harun, I will nevertheless briefly address whether the elements of these
charges have been made out by the Prosecution.

78 In respect of the two charges for trafficking under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA by
giving the D bundles to Ramesh and delivering the E bundles to Harun, I find
that Chander admitted in his contemporaneous statements and long statements
that he gave the D bundles in D1 to Ramesh and delivered the E bundles in E1
to Harun (see [20], [22(d)] and [22(g)] above). It was thus incontrovertible
that Chander had committed the acts of trafficking for these two charges.

79 As for the single charge for being in possession of the AB bundles for the
purpose of trafficking under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA, I find
that Chander had admitted in his contemporaneous statements and long
statements that the AB bundles were meant to be delivered to a recipient he
was supposed to meet before he got arrested (see [20], [22(b)],
[22(g)]–[22(h)] above). It was therefore clear that Chander was in possession
of the AB bundles for the purpose of trafficking.

(2) Presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA

80 Regarding the requirement that Chander must have had knowledge of the
nature of the controlled drug that he is being charged for trafficking, the
key question is whether Chander is able to rebut the presumption of knowledge
of the nature of the drug under s 18(2) of the MDA. The Prosecution is able to
invoke this presumption by dint of the fact that Chander has been proven to
have had the bundles in his possession (see [28] above).

81 Chander argues that he did not know that all the bundles contained
diamorphine because he believed that the bundles all contained betel nuts and
had no reason to suspect otherwise (“betel nut defence”). In my judgment,
Chander is unable to rebut the s 18(2) presumption that he knew that all nine
bundles contained diamorphine. I briefly set out three reasons for this
finding as follows.

82 First, I do not find the betel nut defence to be a credible account of the
events. Chander failed to mention the betel nut defence in his contemporaneous
statements recorded shortly after his arrest, as well as in his cautioned
statements, which were recorded just after midnight of the day after his
arrest. When those statements were being recorded, Chander clearly had ample
opportunity to explain what he thought he was transporting on behalf of Roy,
but failed to do so. From the fact that Chander only mentioned the betel nut
defence for the first time on 29 June 2013 when his first long statement was
being recorded, which was some two days after his arrest, I draw the
irresistible inference that the betel nut defence is a mere afterthought that
should be dismissed.

83 Second, assuming arguendo that Chander was indeed told by Roy that he was
helping to deliver betel nuts, I find that Chander was wilfully blind to the
fact that the bundles did not contain betel nuts. Chander claimed to have
previously delivered one bundle supposedly containing betel nuts to Harun on
behalf of Roy in May 2013. This was not supported by Harun’s evidence, which
was that the bundle in May 2013 contained diamorphine, and not betel nuts. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

AB 447.

During that delivery, Harun had passed Chander an envelope containing money in
exchange. Chander then handed the envelope over to Roy at a coffee shop back
in Malaysia. Roy then counted the money in the envelope in front of Chander.
In return, Roy paid Chander RM250 for the delivery (see [22(a)] above). 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

P97, paras 8–9; P99, para 21.

Harun’s evidence is that he had passed Roy S$2,300 for the delivery of the
single bundle in May 2013. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

AB, p 447, para 2.

Chander said in his long statement that he was “not sure how much the total
amount was”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

P99, para 21.

Be that as it may, Chander admitted during cross-examination at trial that he
saw Roy counting a lot of money in front of him. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE, 5 May 2017, 16:2–9, 17:27–18:22.

In my view, Chander thus would have become suspicious, from the large sums of
money involved in the prior delivery, that he was not in fact delivering betel
nuts for Roy. The fact that he refused to act upon his suspicions by inquiring
into the contents of the bundles that Roy had passed to him for delivery for
the present charges shows that he was wilfully blind to the contents of the
bundles.

84 Third, I find Chander to be a witness unworthy of credit. This was evident
from Chander’s evasiveness when answering questions that could potentially
imperil his defence. I cite just one example to illustrate this point. At
trial, when Chander was being cross-examined by the DPP on the frequency of
his interactions with Harun, Chander adamantly insisted that prior to
delivering to Harun the E bundles, he had only spoken to Harun once, which was
during his first delivery in May 2013. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE, 5 May 2017, 23:15–23, 24: 13–18.

However, call records adduced by the Prosecution flatly contradicted Chander’s
evidence: they showed that Chander had in fact contacted Harun on 19 June 2013
and 25 June 2013. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

AB, pp 105, 125, 140, 143.

The objective evidence thus showed that Chander lied about not having
contacted Harun prior to the delivery that is the subject of the present
charges.

85 Therefore, I find that Chander is unable to rebut the s 18(2) presumption
that he knew that all nine bundles contained diamorphine. I thus also find
that the Prosecution is able to prove the elements of all three charges
against Chander beyond reasonable doubt, even without relying on the
confessions made in P94, P95 and P96.

Conclusion

86 For all the above reasons, I am satisfied that the Prosecution has proven
the elements of all the charges brought against both Ramesh and Chander beyond
reasonable doubt. I thus find both Ramesh and Chander guilty of the charges
that they respectively face, and convict them accordingly.

87 I shall hear submissions on sentence from the parties on a date to be
fixed.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Francis Ng Yong Kiat, SC, Yang Yong Kenny, Selene Yap Wan Ting and Joey Lim
Zuo Yi (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor;  
Allagarsamy s/o Palaniyappan (Allagarsamy & Co) and A Revi Shanker s/o K
Annamalai (ARShanker Law Chambers) for the first accused;  
Kishan Pratap (Ho Wong Law Practice LLC) and Skandarajah s/o Selvarajah (S
Skandarajah & Co) for the second accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

