Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2017] SGHC 123

Magistrate’s Appeal No 65 of 2016

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Koh Thiam Huat  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Principles]

[Road Traffic] — [Offences]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Koh Thiam Huat

[2017] SGHC 123

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 65 of 2016  
See Kee Oon J  
12 April 2017

25 May 2017

See Kee Oon J:

1 The Accused pleaded guilty in a District Court to a single charge of
dangerous driving under s 64(1) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed)
(“RTA”). The District Judge sentenced the Accused to a fine of $3,000 (in
default 15 days’ imprisonment) and disqualification from holding and obtaining
all classes of driving licence for a period of 11 months (see his Grounds of
Decision in Public Prosecutor v Koh Thiam Huat [2016] SGDC 354). Dissatisfied,
the Public Prosecutor appealed against the District Judge’s decision on
sentence. After hearing the parties on 12 April 2017, I was satisfied that a
custodial sentence was warranted. Accordingly, I allowed the appeal and
imposed a sentence of one week’s imprisonment. I also increased the period of
disqualification to 18 months and ordered that the fine (which had been paid)
be refunded. These are the grounds of my decision.

The relevant facts

2 The facts are set out in the statement of facts which the Accused admitted
to without qualification.

3 On 20 August 2015, the Accused, a 54-year-old male, was driving his motor
lorry on the left-most lane along Hougang Avenue 9 towards the direction of
Hougang Avenue 8. The Accused then came to a signalised traffic junction,
where he failed to conform to the red light signal. This resulted in a
collision with the victim, a 20-year-old female pedestrian, who was then
crossing the signalised traffic junction on a green man signal from the
Accused’s right to left. The Accused said that the left side of the victim’s
head hit the bottom right portion of the motor lorry’s windscreen.

4 At the material time, the weather was fine, the road surface was dry, the
traffic flow was light and visibility was clear. The Accused admitted that his
view was unobstructed. He also admitted that he did not notice the traffic
light signal as he was following a white sedan car in front of him, and that
he did not notice the victim until she was about an arm’s length away.

5 The victim suffered multiple injuries as a result of the accident, including
traumatic head injury features such as a comminuted undisplaced fracture of
the skull vault in the left parieto-temporal region extending to the temporal
bone. She was warded for seven days and given hospitalisation leave over two
periods totalling 42 days (this latter figure included the seven days she was
warded). The windscreen of the motor lorry was also cracked near its bottom
right side.

The District Judge’s decision

6 The District Judge considered the following in sentencing the Accused: (a)
the Accused’s manner of driving; (b) the extent of the victim’s injuries; (c)
the Accused’s antecedents; (d) the mitigating factors; and (e) the precedents.

7 With respect to (a), ie, the Accused’s manner of driving, the District Judge
held that the Accused’s manner of driving was “far below what would be
expected of a driver”. Although the Accused must have known that he was
driving through a junction controlled by traffic lights, he did not ensure
that the traffic light signal was in his favour but chose instead to drive
through the junction. Accordingly, on the authority of the Court of Appeal’s
decision in Jali bin Mohd Yunos v Public Prosecutor [2014] 4 SLR 1059
(“Jali”), the Accused had not merely been negligent but had acted in a rash or
reckless manner. The District Judge also considered the fact that the accident
occurred at a pedestrian crossing with the victim crossing with the green man
signal in her favour. Beyond these facts, however, the District Judge thought
that there were no other aggravating factors relating to the Accused’s manner
of driving. There was no evidence that the Accused had deliberately tried to
beat the red light. Nor was there evidence to suggest that the Accused was
speeding whilst he drove through the junction; indeed, the unchallenged
mitigation was that the Accused was travelling at a speed between 40 and 50
km/h. The Accused was also not driving under the influence of alcohol or
drugs, whilst tired or whilst using a mobile phone. Nor was his driving
aggressive or erratic. In the District Judge’s view, a custodial starting
point would only be justified in the presence of the aggravating factors
identified in Public Prosecutor v Hue An Li [2014] 4 SLR 661 (“Hue An Li”),
ie, speeding, drink-driving and sleepy driving, coupled with serious injuries.
On the whole, the District Judge did not consider the manner of the Accused’s
driving to be sufficient, in itself, to justify a custodial sentence.

8 As regards (b), ie, the extent of the victim’s injuries, the District Judge
found the injuries suffered by the victim to be severe and serious. However,
he noted that she did not suffer any permanent disability and consequently
found that the extent of the victim’s injuries were not so aggravating as to
justify a custodial sentence.

9 With regard to (c), ie, the Accused’s antecedents, the District Judge noted
that the Accused had traffic-related antecedents. In the late 1990s, he was
convicted for an offence of careless driving and two offences of speeding. He
had also compounded an offence of failing to conform to a red light signal in
2007 and an offence of speeding in 2013. However, except for the compounded
speeding offence in 2013, most of these antecedents were dated. Thus, the
District Judge held that, although there was a need for specific deterrence,
the Accused’s antecedents did not justify a custodial sentence.

10 As for (d), ie, the mitigating factors, the District Judge accepted that
the Accused had exhibited remorse by pleading guilty and that there was no
undue delay with respect to the conclusion of the case. However, the District
Judge did not accord any weight to the fact that the sentence would negatively
impact the Accused’s employment prospects and cause hardship to him and his
family.

11 Finally, with regard to (e), ie, the precedents, the District Judge did not
rely on some of the precedents submitted by the Prosecution as he considered
the circumstances of the offence in these cases to be very different. Nor did
he give much weight to the precedents submitted by the Prosecution which he
found to be more relevant, as he thought that these cases had more aggravated
facts or were unreported. The District Judge found the precedents submitted by
the Defence to be more instructive. On his own initiative, the District Judge
also considered six cases he had found via the State Courts’ Sentencing
Information and Research Repository (“the SIR”) which is hosted on Lawnet, and
in which imprisonment terms between one day and two weeks were imposed. In his
view, however, these cases involved aggravating factors which were absent in
the present case.

12 All said, the District Judge found a custodial sentence to be
inappropriate. He further noted that a period of disqualification of 12 months
or more would usually be ordered for cases which were more aggravated than the
present. Accordingly, he sentenced the Accused to a fine of $3,000 (in default
15 days’ imprisonment) and disqualification from holding and obtaining all
classes of driving licence for a period of 11 months.

The parties’ submissions

The Prosecution’s submissions

13 The Prosecution urged me to enhance the sentence to one week’s imprisonment
and 18 months’ disqualification. The Prosecution made three broad points.

14 First, the Prosecution submitted that the District Judge placed
insufficient weight on the need for general and specific deterrence. According
to the Prosecution, the District Judge did not fully appreciate the
significance of general deterrence, which was said to be a key sentencing
consideration in dangerous driving cases. The Prosecution further contended
that the Accused’s poor driving record heightened the need for specific
deterrence and, in this regard, pointed out that the District Judge overlooked
the fact that the Accused had compounded an offence of making an unauthorised
U-turn in 2014, which was only a year before the accident. Looked at in
totality, the Accused’s driving record showed that he had a history of
flouting traffic rules stretching back nearly two decades from the date of the
accident. It was submitted that while the Accused’s antecedents may not have
warranted a custodial sentence in and of themselves, they underscored the need
to factor a high degree of specific deterrence into the sentencing equation.

15 Second, the Prosecution argued that the District Judge erred in his
consideration of the aggravating factors for the offence of dangerous driving.
Firstly, the Prosecution submitted that the District Judge derived an
erroneous sentencing formula which required the presence of specific
aggravating factors before the starting point could be a custodial sentence
(see [7] above). Secondly, it was submitted that the District Judge placed
insufficient weight on the aggravating factors that were present, namely: (a)
the high degree of danger to the public arising from the Accused driving
through a signalised pedestrian crossing in a residential area when the
traffic light signal was red against him; and (b) the victim’s severe and
serious injuries.

16 Third, the Prosecution contended that the District Judge erred in his
treatment of the sentencing precedents. It was said that the authorities that
the District Judge relied on, in which only fines were imposed, did not in
fact support the imposition of a fine. The Prosecution further argued that the
six cases the District Judge referred to on his own accord did not support his
conclusion as to when dangerous driving would attract a custodial sentence. It
was also submitted that the District Judge failed to appreciate that the
Prosecution’s sentencing position below had already incorporated a downward
calibration from the cases the Prosecution had relied on.

17 In addition, the Prosecution also suggested that fines should be regarded
as appropriate only in cases of dangerous driving that had not resulted in
accidents (or where only minor damage or injury had resulted) and where there
were no other compelling reasons for stronger deterrent sentencing (eg,
driving that posed a particularly high risk or where an accused had a bad
driving record). It was further argued that a custodial sentence ought to be
the norm in cases where serious damage or injuries had resulted from dangerous
driving.

The Accused’s submissions

18 The Accused submitted, firstly, that the District Judge had not erred in
finding that the injuries sustained by the victim did not justify crossing the
custodial threshold, and that he had adequately considered the extent of the
victim’s injuries. Secondly, the District Judge had fully appreciated the
materials placed before him. In this regard, it was argued that the Accused’s
compounded offences (which were, in any event, minor offences) should have
been disregarded as, pursuant to ss 241(5) and 242(4) of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”), the effect of compounding an
offence was a discharge amounting to an acquittal. Thirdly, the District Judge
had not erred in either fact or law and had addressed his mind to, considered
and weighed all the relevant factors. Fourthly, the District Judge had not
erred in principle as he had holistically considered the sentencing principles
of prevention, detention, rehabilitation and retribution, without giving undue
weight to any one of these principles. Fifthly, the District Judge had imposed
a sentence which was well in line with similar precedents. Finally, the
District Judge had not erred in his consideration that the sentence was
appropriate in the light of the full spectrum of sentences enacted and allowed
by Parliament.

My decision

19 The central issue posed by the present appeal was whether the custodial
threshold had been crossed in the present case. This, in turn, depended on two
anterior matters: (a) the sentencing trend for the offence of dangerous
driving under s 64(1) of the RTA; and (b) the custodial threshold for the
offence of dangerous driving under s 64(1) of the RTA. I deal with these
issues in turn.

The sentencing trend for the offence of dangerous driving under s 64(1) of the
RTA

20 The District Judge considered a fair number of precedents which had been
brought to his attention. As mentioned earlier, he also considered six cases
he had found via the SIR (see [11] above). For the purposes of the present
discussion, however, I focus only on the precedents relied on by the parties
in the appeal. In the main, the Prosecution relied on two cases: Public
Prosecutor v Chai Kang Wei Samuel [2004] SGDC 198 (“Samuel Chai”) and Public
Prosecutor v Subramaniam Sangili Karupu (Case No 091009876011) (unreported)
(“Subramaniam”). In addition, the Prosecution also appeared to rely somewhat
on two of the cases the District Judge had found via the SIR: Public
Prosecutor v Muhammad Haridz bin Razali (DAC 937117/2015) (unreported)
(“Haridz”) and Public Prosecutor v Rahim bin Rahman (MAC 907864/2014)
(unreported) (“Rahim”). On the other hand, the Accused relied on the same
“fine-only” cases as the District Judge: Chue Woon Wai v Public Prosecutor
[1996] 1 SLR(R) 725 (“Chue Woon Wai”); Lim Hong Eng v Public Prosecutor [2009]
3 SLR(R) 682 (“Lim Hong Eng”); Public Prosecutor v Liew Tow Han [2015] SGDC
174 (“Liew Tow Han”); and Public Prosecutor v Bhahwatkar Nitin Vasant Rao
[2015] SGDC 254 (“Bhahwatkar”).

21 In addition to these precedents, it is also apposite to consider the
decision of the three-judge coram of the High Court in Hue An Li and the
decision of the Court of Appeal in Jali. These decisions were handed down in
September and October 2014 respectively. Although neither Hue An Li nor Jali
involved the offence of dangerous driving under s 64(1) of the RTA, both cases
are relevant to the present analysis because they represent a shift in the
courts’ sentencing paradigm apropos traffic offences (see [36] below). It is
therefore necessary to consider the impact of these two cases on the
sentencing trend for the offence of dangerous driving under s 64(1) of the
RTA.

Pre-Hue An Li and Jali

22 The earliest among the precedents referred to at [20] above is Chue Woon
Wai. The accused was driving a taxi and failed to conform to traffic red light
signals, thus colliding into a motorcycle. The motorcycle rider’s left leg was
fractured and he had to be hospitalised, while his pillion rider sustained
lacerations on both legs and hands and was treated as an outpatient. The
accused had a good driving record and had pleaded guilty at the first
available opportunity. He was sentenced to a fine of $1,000 and disqualified
from driving all classes of vehicles for one year. On appeal, the period of
disqualification was reduced to six months. The Prosecution, however, pointed
out that this case preceded the 1996 amendments to the Road Traffic Act (Cap
276, 1994 Rev Ed), which enhanced the penalties for the offence of dangerous
driving to their present form.

23 In Samuel Chai, the accused was driving a car and failed to follow the
turn-right directional arrow along the extreme right lane towards a signalised
cross-junction. Instead, he proceeded straight on the extreme right lane while
trying to overtake another vehicle (which was in the second right lane) from
the right when that vehicle was turning right at the said cross-junction. This
resulted in the accused having to swerve his car to the right. The car mounted
the pedestrian pavement and knocked into four pedestrians before eventually
hitting a tree, ripping off some of its bark. The car also uprooted a concrete
bollard on the pedestrian pavement and damaged some wooden barricades. The
victims suffered very serious injuries (including fractures) and had to be
hospitalised for periods ranging from one month to one month and three weeks.
The accused was driving at a speed of 90 km/h when the speed limit was 50
km/h. He was untraced. He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to imprisonment for
three months and disqualified from holding or obtaining a driving licence for
all classes for five years, with effect from release. On appeal, the sentence
was reduced to a fine of $3,000 and imprisonment for one month, with the
period of disqualification left undisturbed.

24 In Lim Hong Eng, the accused was driving a car and collided with a
motorcycle as she crossed into a junction when the traffic lights were not in
her favour. The motorcyclist and the pillion were flung off the motorcycle.
The former suffered a compound fracture to his left leg while the latter
subsequently succumbed to her injuries and died. The accused, who was untraced
(see Public Prosecutor v Lim Hong Eng [2008] SGDC 320 at [49]), was convicted
after trial of one charge of causing death by dangerous driving under s 66(1)
of the RTA (for which she was sentenced to imprisonment for 18 months and
disqualification from holding or obtaining a driving licence for all classes
of vehicles for ten years with effect from the date of release from prison)
and one charge of causing grievous hurt by doing a rash act under s 338 of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (for which she was sentenced to imprisonment
for six months). On appeal, the sentence for the charge of causing death by
dangerous driving was reduced to one day’s imprisonment, with the
disqualification order undisturbed. The charge of causing grievous hurt by
doing a rash act was amended to one of dangerous driving under s 64(1) of the
RTA on the basis that the accused’s conduct was “more negligent than rash”,
and the accused was sentenced to a fine of $2,000. The Prosecution pointed
out, however, that Lim Hong Eng has since been doubted in Jali. In Jali, the
Court of Appeal observed (at [41]) that the High Court’s conclusion in Lim
Hong Eng that the accused’s conduct was more negligent than rash “might not be
appropriate on similar facts in future cases”. The Court of Appeal further
noted (at [43]) that, to the extent that Lim Hong Eng also appeared to suggest
that negligence should attract a relatively low sentence compared to
recklessness, this was not correct.

25 The last of the pre-Hue An Li and Jali precedents to consider is
Subramaniam. Unfortunately, this is an unreported case and the only materials
before me are the charge sheet and the statement of facts. The decision date
is not evident, although both the charge sheet and the statement of facts are
dated 2010. The accused in this case was driving a motor lorry and failed to
conform to the traffic red light signal whilst driving straight across a
junction, thus resulting in a collision with a taxi. The accused’s motor lorry
subsequently collided with another motor lorry and a motorcycle which were
stationary. There were a total of six victims, three of whom suffered more
serious injuries (including fractures) and required medical leave ranging from
37 to 92 days. The accused, who was untraced, pleaded guilty and was sentenced
to imprisonment for three months and disqualification for 12 months. There was
no subsequent appeal.

26 This sampling of pre-Hue An Li and Jali precedents comports, by and large,
with the observation in Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts vol II
(LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2013) (“Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts vol
II”) (at p 1674) that “[w]here injury was caused to other road users, there
are cases where fines were imposed and cases where terms of custody were
imposed”. I note, however, that in the two cases where custodial terms were
imposed (ie, Samuel Chai and Subramaniam), there were multiple victims who had
suffered serious injuries (four in Samuel Chai and three in Subramaniam),
therefore bringing these cases within the higher end of the severity spectrum.

Hue An Li and Jali

27 On 2 September 2014, a three-judge coram of the High Court handed down its
decision in Hue An Li. The accused in Hue An Li was involved in a tragic
vehicular accident when she momentarily dozed off while driving and collided
into a lorry. Among other consequences, this caused the death of a passenger
in the lorry. The accused pleaded guilty to a charge of causing death by a
negligent act under s 304A(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“PC”),
and two further charges under ss 338(b) and 337(b) of the PC were taken into
consideration for sentencing purposes. The accused was sentenced to a fine of
$10,000 and was disqualified from driving for five years from the date of her
conviction. On appeal, the High Court varied the sentence to imprisonment for
four weeks. It also ordered the disqualification period to take effect from
the date of the accused’s release from prison.

28 What is noteworthy for present purposes is the High Court’s consideration
of the default punitive position for negligent driving which constituted an
offence under s 304A(b) of the PC. On this point, the High Court noted (at
[56]) that the starting point of its analysis was the High Court’s earlier
decision in Public Prosecutor v Gan Lim Soon [1993] 2 SLR(R) 67 (“Gan Lim
Soon”), where Yong Pung How CJ drew a distinction (at [10]) between rashness
and negligence: for the former, imprisonment would be warranted, while for the
latter, “it would be sufficient in most cases to inflict a fine”. However, the
High Court in Hue An Li went on to hold (at [60]) that following the statutory
amendments in 2008, the position laid down in Gan Lim Soon was no longer
tenable, given the bifurcation of the predecessor of s 304A of the PC into two
limbs (with s 304A(a) of the PC dealing with rashness and s 304A(b) of the PC
dealing with negligence). In the premises, the High Court was satisfied (at
[61]) that the starting point for sentencing in a s 304A(b) traffic death case
was a brief period of incarceration for up to four weeks. The High Court
further added (at [134]) that the presence of speeding, drink-driving and
sleepy driving would call for a starting point of between two and fourth
months’ imprisonment.

29 Slightly over a month later, on 9 October 2014, the Court of Appeal handed
down its decision in Jali. The accused in Jali was driving a car and failed to
conform to the traffic red light signal. He entered into a junction, resulting
in a collision with another car that was entering into the junction from his
left on a green light. The accused’s car then veered into a pedestrian
crossing, thereby colliding into the victim who was then crossing the road.
The victim eventually succumbed to her injuries. The accused did not check to
see whether the traffic light was green in his favour. Instead, he simply
followed the vehicle in front of him. He pleaded guilty to a charge of causing
death by dangerous driving under s 66(1) of the RTA and was sentenced to four
months’ imprisonment and disqualification from obtaining or holding a licence
for all classes of vehicles for seven years. The accused’s appeal against
sentence was dismissed by the High Court. The accused then brought a criminal
reference in the Court of Appeal; the question was whether a finding of
rashness in road traffic offences required consciousness as to risk. For
present purposes, it suffices to note that the Court of Appeal affirmed the
sentence imposed by the courts below, although it should be perhaps also be
noted that imprisonment is mandatory under s 66(1) of the RTA.

Post-Hue An Li and Jali

30 I now come to the precedents referred to at [20] above which were decided
after Hue An Li and Jali.

31 Rahim is an unreported case and the materials before me are limited to the
charge sheet, the statement of facts and the accused’s criminal records. The
decision date is again not evident, although both the charge sheet and the
statement of facts are dated 9 December 2014. The accused was driving a motor
lorry and made an unauthorised U-turn against the flow of traffic, which
resulted in a collision with a motorcycle which caused injury to the
motorcyclist. The victim suffered various injuries which included a number of
fractures. He was warded for 19 days and given medical leave from 12 July 2014
to September 2014. The accused, who was untraced, pleaded guilty and was
sentenced to imprisonment for one week and disqualification for 12 months.
There was no appeal.

32 In Liew Tow Han, the accused was driving a tipper truck and failed to give
way to the victim who was pushing his bicycle across a zebra crossing, thereby
colliding into him. The victim suffered extensive injuries to his right hand
and haematomas to his scalp. The accused was convicted after trial and
sentenced to a fine of $2,500 and disqualification from holding or obtaining
all classes of driving licence for 6 months. He had previously been convicted
for speeding in 2013. The sentence was upheld on appeal. The Prosecution
tendered an extract of the notes of evidence of the trial to show that the
injury to the victim’s hand was likely to be permanent.

33 In Bhahwatkar, the accused was driving a car and made a right turn when the
directional arrow for cars turning right was showing red. In so doing, he
failed to give way to a motorcycle which was coming in the opposite direction,
thereby causing a collision with the said motorcycle. The pillion rider
sustained light injuries and was discharged with three days’ medical leave,
but the motorcycle rider suffered multiple traumatic injuries, including
fractures and a left deep scrotal tear which required the removal of his left
testicle, and was warded for nine days and granted medical leave for a total
of 219 days. The accused admitted to drinking alcohol before the accident,
although his alcohol level was below the prescribed legal limit. The accused,
who was untraced, pleaded guilty and was sentenced to a fine of $2,500 and
disqualification from holding or obtaining all classes of driving licences for
12 months, with effect from the date of conviction. The Prosecution’s appeal
was discontinued.

34 Haridz is, again, an unreported case and the only materials before me are
the charge sheet, the statement of facts, the accused’s criminal records and a
printout from the Integrated Criminal Case Filing and Management System which
shows the decision date as 9 December 2015. The accused was driving a car and
failed to have proper control of it, resulting in a collusion with a taxi
which was proceeding straight. Prior to the collision, the accused had been
driving his car at a fast speed and had made abrupt lane changes before losing
control of his car. The victim (the taxi driver) suffered minor injuries and
complained of neck and chest pain. He was put under observation for 24 hours
and was discharged the next day with six days of medical leave. The accused
had some antecedents (including two prior traffic offences) but these were not
directly relevant. He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to imprisonment for one
week and disqualification from holding or obtaining all classes of driving
licences for two years. There was no appeal.

35 These precedents show that both fines and imprisonment terms continued to
be imposed even post-Hue An Li and Jali. It is, admittedly, not easy to
discern much of a trend from these precedents. For instance, the injuries
suffered by the victim in Bhahwatkar appear to be considerably more serious
than those suffered by the victim in Haridz. Yet, the accused in Bhahwatkar
was sentenced to only a fine, while the accused in Haridz was sentenced to
imprisonment. I accept, however, that the culpability of the accused in Haridz
seems to be higher than that of the accused in Bhahwatkar.

Analysis

36 In Lee-Teh Har Eng v Public Prosecutor (Magistrate’s Appeal No 9099 of
2016) (unreported) (“Lee-Teh Har Eng”), I observed in oral grounds that, after
the decision in Hue An Li, there had been a discernible shift in the
sentencing trend towards more custodial sentences being meted out for offences
under s 338(b) of the PC. I further noted that the consequence of Hue An Li
was that the lower courts were no longer bound by precedent to consider a non-
custodial punishment as the default starting point for offences under s
304A(b) of the PC, but should consider all the relevant considerations in each
case in determining the appropriate sentence. Jali can be seen as further
approval of this shift in approach in so far as the Court of Appeal affirmed
the not-insubstantial sentence of imprisonment imposed in that case. In my
view, this shift in approach applies with equal force vis-à-vis the offence of
dangerous driving under s 64(1) of the RTA.

37 Indeed, a brief examination of the sentencing statistics in the SIR
suggests that there has already been some recognition of this shift in
approach. As of 24 May 2017, the SIR contains sentencing information relating
to 130 charges under s 64(1) of the RTA (when only the base offence is
considered). The breakdown of the sentence types is as follows:

Sentence type| Number of charges  
---|---  
Fine| 93  
Imprisonment| 36  
Reformative training centre| 1  
  
What is perhaps more illuminating, however, is the yearly breakdown, which
shows a gradual increase in the percentage of charges where imprisonment was
ordered (for present purposes, I exclude the sentence of reformative
training):

Year| Number of charges| Number of charges where imprisonment ordered| Number
of charges where fine ordered| Percentage of charges where imprisonment
ordered  
---|---|---|---|---  
2014| 10| 0| 10| 0  
2015| 43| 12| 31| 27.9  
2016| 57| 16| 40| 28.1  
2017| 20| 8| 12| 40.0  
  
I accept that there are some limitations to the sentencing information on the
SIR. In particular, there is no information relating to any charges prior to
2014. Moreover, s 64(1) of the RTA also includes the offence of reckless
driving. I accept also that the increase in the percentage of charges where
imprisonment was ordered could have been due to other reasons (for instance,
the offences in the more recent years could have simply been more serious).
Nonetheless, these statistics are helpful to further support the point made in
the preceding paragraph.

38 What, then, does this shift in approach call for in terms of the courts’
treatment of the precedents? First, to the extent that the pre-Hue An Li and
Jali precedents appear to establish a non-custodial punishment as the default
starting point for the offence of dangerous driving under s 64(1) of the RTA,
the courts should not be bound by these precedents. Rather, the courts should
consider all the relevant considerations in each case in determining the
appropriate sentence. Second, the post-Hue An Li and Jali precedents must be
carefully scrutinised because the shift in approach may not always have been
immediately appreciated. In this connection, I note that, aside from some
passing reference to Hue An Li and Jali in Bhahwatkar, neither Liew Tow Han
nor Bhahwatkar had meaningfully considered the impact of Hue An Li and Jali on
the sentencing trend for the offence of dangerous driving under s 64(1) of the
RTA.

39 However, this shift in approach does not mean that a custodial term is now
the norm for the offence of dangerous driving under s 64(1) of the RTA. In
Lee-Teh Har Eng, I effectively rejected this notion vis-à-vis offences under
ss 304A(b) and 338(b) of the PC, and the same must, a fortiori, be the case
vis-à-vis the offence of dangerous driving under 64(1) of the RTA, which
carries a lower maximum sentence (at least for first offenders). Rather, what
this shift in approach calls for is a careful consideration of all the
relevant considerations in fashioning a condign sentence. Indeed, the facts
and circumstances which give rise to traffic offences are so infinitely varied
that a blind and rigid adherence to precedents and sentencing norms by default
is inadvisable. In this class of offences, attention to the particular facts
and circumstances is of paramount importance.

The custodial threshold for the offence of dangerous driving under s 64(1) of
the RTA

40 I now turn to the question of the custodial threshold for the offence of
dangerous driving under s 64(1) of the RTA. On the one hand, the District
Judge thought that the presence of the aggravating factors identified in Hue
An Li, ie, speeding, drink-driving and sleepy driving, coupled with serious
injuries would justify the imposition of a custodial sentence as a starting
point. On the other hand, the Prosecution made two submissions. First, the
Prosecution suggested that fines should be regarded as appropriate only in
cases of dangerous driving that had not resulted in accidents (or where only
minor damage or injury had resulted) and where there were no other compelling
reasons for stronger deterrent sentencing, eg, driving that posed a
particularly high risk or where an accused had a bad driving record. Second,
it was further suggested that in cases where serious damage or injuries had
resulted from dangerous driving, a custodial sentence ought to be the norm. It
was said that such an approach would conduce towards a stronger deterrent
message and make our roads safer for everyone.

41 As I noted in Lim Ying Ying Luciana v Public Prosecutor and another appeal
[2016] 4 SLR 1220 (at [28]), the two principal parameters which a sentencing
court would generally have regard to in evaluating the seriousness of a crime
are: (a) the harm caused by the offence; and (b) the accused’s culpability.
“Harm” is a measure of the injury which has been caused to society by the
commission of the offence, whereas “culpability” is a measure of the degree of
relative blameworthiness disclosed by an offender’s actions and is measured
chiefly in relation to the extent and manner of the offender’s involvement in
the criminal act. In the context of the offence of dangerous driving under s
64(1) of the RTA, the primary factor relating to the harm caused would be the
extent of injury or damage caused. A related and equally important
consideration would be the potential harm that might have resulted, given that
driving is an inherently dangerous activity that can pose serious risk to road
users and pedestrians alike. The factors increasing the accused’s culpability
would include a particularly dangerous manner of driving. As illustrations,
the aggravating factors identified in Hue An Li, ie, speeding, drink-driving
and sleepy driving, would clearly contribute to this, as would driving while
using a mobile phone. In addition, if the dangerous driving was deliberate
(for instance, in “hell riding” cases), this would also indicate a higher
level of culpability. Aside from these two principal parameters, the court
should also have regard to other mitigating and aggravating factors which do
not directly relate to the commission of the offence per se. These include
(but are not limited to) an accused’s good or bad driving record, as well as
his remorse or lack thereof.

42 Seen in this light, the District Judge’s approach and the Prosecution’s
submission are not that far apart in substance. Given the range of sentences
prescribed by s 64(1) of the RTA, I would agree that a fine would suffice
where there is a low level of harm caused by the offence (or none at all) and
the accused’s culpability is also low (substantially the Prosecution’s first
submission (see [40] above)). On the other hand, imprisonment would be
warranted where there is a high level of harm caused by the offence and the
accused’s culpability is also high (substantially the District Judge’s
approach (see [40] above)). Situated between these two obvious extremes are
myriad cases of varying levels of harm and culpability, and it would not be
fruitful to attempt to lay down too fine a rule. It suffices to state that the
role of a sentencing court is to appreciate the facts in each case and
properly situate the case before it along the continuum of severity, having
regard to both the level of harm and the accused’s culpability, as well as the
applicable mitigating and aggravating factors.

43 The Prosecution’s second submission was that a custodial sentence ought to
be the norm in cases where serious damage or injuries had resulted from
dangerous driving (see [40] above). Essentially, this calls for a custodial
norm where there is a high level of harm caused by the offence. I would agree
that this is an appropriate starting point, but I hasten to add that this is
not because the consideration of harm invariably eclipses any consideration of
culpability. As I have already emphasised in the preceding paragraph, a
sentencing court must have regard to both the level of harm and the accused’s
culpability, as well as the applicable mitigating and aggravating factors.
However, if there is a high level of harm caused by an accused’s dangerous
driving, a custodial sentence may very well be the presumptive sentencing
approach because the accused’s corresponding culpability is unlikely to be low
in such cases. Even then, however, the sentencing court must still add the
applicable mitigating and aggravating factors into the balance and weigh all
the relevant considerations holistically before determining if the overall
severity of the offence may be said to bring the case across the custodial
threshold.

Whether the custodial threshold had been crossed in the present case

44 As I pointed out earlier, the central issue posed by the present appeal was
whether the custodial threshold had been crossed.

The harm caused by the offence

45 The victim suffered multiple injuries as a result of the accident,
including traumatic head injury features such as a comminuted undisplaced
fracture of the skull vault in the left parieto-temporal region extending to
the temporal bone. She was warded for seven days and given hospitalisation
leave over two periods totalling 42 days (this latter figure included the
seven days she was warded). Like the District Judge, I had no doubt that the
victims’ injuries were severe and serious, although I similarly noted that the
victim did not suffer from permanent disability. I noted that the victim’s
medical report stated that an outpatient appointment was arranged as the
victim had complaints of reduced hearing in her left ear, but this, in and of
itself, was neither here nor there. All things considered, I was of the view
that the harm caused by the offence tended towards the higher side.

The Accused’s culpability

46 The Accused admitted that he did not notice the traffic light signal as he
was following a white sedan in front of him. In Jali, the Court of Appeal held
(at [22] and [27]) that:

… In this regard, it is clear and axiomatic that when a driver drives into a
signalised traffic junction, he must ensure that the traffic lights are in his
favour in order to avoid the dire (or even tragic) consequences that might
ensue if they are not, in fact, in his favour. If he chooses to drive into
such a junction and does not bother to check the state of the traffic lights,
he is not merely negligent; he has committed a rash or reckless act. …

…

… In this regard, it must be emphasised that we are here concerned with road
traffic offences. This particular context is of the first importance because
it means that it is not only appropriate but also principled and
commonsensical to place an objective obligation on all drivers (or
motorcyclists, as the case may be) to check the state of the traffic lights
when travelling across a signalised traffic junction … A driver or
motorcyclist who chooses (for whatever reason) not to do so and drives into
such a junction when the traffic lights are not in his favour drives, in our
view, in a manner that is rash or reckless.

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]

47 Applying Jali to the present case, the Accused clearly drove in a rash or
reckless manner. His claim to have simply followed the white sedan in front of
his vehicle is a poor excuse for his rashness or recklessness. I also took
into account that the present case involved an accident at a pedestrian
crossing, which is an aggravating factor (Sentencing Practice in the
Subordinate Courts vol II at p 1675).

48 However, as the District Judge noted, there was no evidence to suggest that
the Accused had deliberately tried to beat the red lights, or that his driving
was aggressive or erratic. Moreover, the aggravating factors identified in Hue
An Li, ie, speeding, drink-driving and sleepy driving, which related to the
manner of driving, were conspicuously absent. In addition, the Accused was not
driving while using a mobile phone.

49 The present case involved the offence of dangerous driving. Although I took
into account the Accused’s rash or reckless manner of driving, as well as the
fact that the an accident had occurred at a pedestrian crossing, I was careful
not to accord undue weight to these considerations because these facts were,
in many ways, the very same facts that made the Accused’s driving dangerous
and gave rise to liability for the offence in the first place. In considering
the Accused’s manner of driving at the sentencing stage, the question was not
whether the Accused’s manner of driving could be labelled “dangerous”, but
whether it was particularly dangerous so as to increase his culpability for
the offence. In the present case, there were no additional aggravating
features and also no evidence that the Accused’s dangerous driving was
deliberate. Notwithstanding my earlier observation that an accused’s
culpability is unlikely to be low in cases where there is a high level of harm
caused (see [43] above), the Accused’s culpability was not particularly high
in the circumstances.

The Accused’s remorse

50 Like the District Judge, I gave weight to the Accused’s remorse as
evidenced by his plea of guilt. This was a factor that operated in the
Accused’s favour.

The Accused’s bad driving record

51 The Accused’s driving record was peppered with a substantial number of
traffic offences over a span of 18 years, comprising offences which were
compounded and offences which he had pleaded guilty to (and for which he was
consequently fined). The full list is as follows:

SN| Date| Offence| Fine or composition / amount  
---|---|---|---  
1| 25 May 1996| Careless driving| Fine / $500  
2| 21 March 1997| Speeding| Fine / $1,000  
3| 11 January 1999| Speeding| Fine / $1,200  
4| 16 January 1999| Speeding| Composition / $200  
5| 3 August 1999| Speeding| Composition / $130  
6| 12 September 2006| Parking at unbroken double yellow lines| Composition /
$70  
7| 12 April 2007| Failing to conform to red light signal| Composition / $200  
8| 11 November 2009| Disobeying “no entry” sign| Composition / $70  
9| 11 October 2013| Speeding| Composition / $130  
10| 29 August 2014| Making an unauthorised U-turn| Composition / $70  
  
52 From the above list, SNs 1–5, 7 and 9 were directly relevant to the present
appeal. In addition, I also considered SN 10 to be potentially relevant.

53 The District Judge initially set out all of the Accused’s antecedents
except for SNs 6 and 8 in the above list. However, when he actually considered
these antecedents, his focus was on SNs 1–3, 7 and 9. Before me, parties were
at sharp variance over whether the District Judge should have taken into
account the offences which were compounded. The Accused submitted that the
District Judge should have disregarded the compounded offences, as they were,
for all intents and purposes, the same as a discharge amounting to an
acquittal. In this regard, the Accused referred to ss 241(5) and 242(4) of the
CPC. Sections 241 and 242 of the CPC provide as follows:

Compounding offences

241.—(1) An offence specified in the third column of the Fourth Schedule may
be compounded at any time by the person specified in the fourth column of that
Schedule or, if that person is suffering from a legal or mental disability, by
any person competent to act on his behalf.

(2) Notwithstanding subsection (1), where investigations have commenced for an
offence specified in the third column of the Fourth Schedule, or when the
accused has been charged in court for the offence, the offence shall only be
compounded with the consent of the Public Prosecutor on such conditions as he
may impose.

(3) Where any offence is compoundable under this section, the abetment of or a
conspiracy to commit the offence, or an attempt to commit the offence when the
attempt is itself an offence, may be compounded in like manner.

(4) Where investigations have commenced for an offence which is subsequently
compounded under subsection (2), no further proceedings shall be taken against
the person reasonably suspected of having committed the offence.

(5) Where after the accused has been charged in court, the offence is
compounded under subsection (2), the court must order a discharge amounting to
an acquittal in respect of the accused.

Public Prosecutor may compound offences

242.—(1) The Public Prosecutor may, on such terms and conditions as he may
determine, at any time compound any offence or class of offences as may be
prescribed by collecting from a person who is reasonably suspected of having
committed the offence a sum of money which shall not exceed —

(a) one half of the amount of the maximum fine that is prescribed for the
offence; or

(b) $5,000,

whichever is the lower.

(2) Where any offence is compoundable under this section, the abetment of or a
conspiracy to commit the offence, or an attempt to commit the offence when the
attempt is itself an offence, may be compounded in like manner.

(3) Where investigations have commenced for an offence which is subsequently
compounded under subsection (1), no further proceedings shall be taken against
the person reasonably suspected of having committed the offence.

(4) Where after the accused has been charged in court, the offence is
compounded under subsection (1), such composition shall have the effect of an
acquittal in respect of the accused.

(5) The Public Prosecutor may authorise in writing one or more Deputy Public
Prosecutors to exercise the power of composition conferred on him under this
section.

(6) The Minister shall designate the person who may collect any sum of money
paid under this section for the composition of offences.

The Accused further submitted that the compounded offences were, in any event,
minor offences which should not have any bearing on the present sentence.

54 The Prosecution, on the other hand, submitted that the provisions relied on
by the Accused dealt with offences under the PC and the Miscellaneous Offences
(Public Order and Nuisance) Act (Cap 184, 1997 Rev Ed) (“MOA”). It was said
that Parliament intended for composition of traffic offences to be an
expedient means of dealing with less serious offences, and not as a means of
having an offender acquitted. The Prosecution further pointed to s 243 of the
CPC, which it said dealt with composition of non-PC and non-MOA offences, and
which made no reference to an acquittal. This provision provides as follows:

Compounding of offences under other written laws

243.—(1) Where any Act (other than the Penal Code (Cap. 224)) contains an
express provision for the composition of offences thereunder, the person
authorised under that provision to compound such offences shall exercise the
power of composition subject to any general or special directions of the
Public Prosecutor.

(2) Where any Act (other than the Penal Code) does not contain any provision
for the composition of offences thereunder, any offence under that Act or any
subsidiary legislation made thereunder may be compounded under this section if
the offence is prescribed under that Act as a compoundable offence.

(3) For the purposes of subsection (2), the power conferred on any Minister,
statutory authority or other person to make subsidiary legislation under any
Act to which that subsection applies shall include the power —

(a) to prescribe the offences under that Act or any subsidiary legislation
made thereunder as offences that may be compounded under this section;

(b) to designate the person who may compound such offences; and

(c) to specify the maximum sum for which any such offence may be compoundable,
except that the maximum sum so specified shall not exceed —

(i) one half of the amount of the maximum fine that is prescribed for the
offence; or

(ii) $2,000,

whichever is the lower.

(4) The person designated under subsection (3)(b) may, subject to such general
or special directions that the Public Prosecutor may give, compound any
offence prescribed under subsection (3)(a) by collecting from a person who is
reasonably suspected of having committed the offence a sum of money not
exceeding the maximum sum that is specified under subsection (3)(c) in respect
of that offence.

(5) On payment of such sum of money, no further proceedings shall be taken
against that person in respect of such offence.

55 Ultimately, however, the question as to whether an offence under the RTA
(or its subsidiary legislation) which has been compounded amounts to an
acquittal did not have to be answered in the present case. Whether an offence
under the RTA (or its subsidiary legislation) which has been compounded
amounts to an acquittal is a separate and distinct question from whether the
same can be taken into account for sentencing purposes. The latter does not
turn on the answer to the former.

56 In my view, an offence under the RTA (or its subsidiary legislation) which
has been compounded can be taken into account for sentencing purposes.

57 In Public Prosecutor v Lim Niah Liang [1996] 3 SLR(R) 702 (“Lim Niah
Liang”), the accused pleaded guilty to a charge under s 18(2) and punishable
under s 21(1) of the Environmental Public Health Act (Cap 95, 1988 Rev Ed)
(“EPHA 1988”). The accused had previously compounded a similar offence, and
the essential point for consideration on appeal was whether the respondent
could have been properly characterised as a recalcitrant offender, such that a
corrective work order should have been imposed pursuant to s 21A(1) of the
EPHA 1988. Yong Pung How CJ held (at [21]) that:

In my opinion, in the context of s 21A(1) of the [EPHA 1988] and for the
purpose of showing that an offender is “recalcitrant”, it would suffice to
rely on evidence that he has previously committed the same offence on at least
one occasion. He need not have been convicted of the offence. In the
circumstances, I did not see why evidence of a compounded offence could not be
relied upon for the specific purpose of imposing a corrective work order under
the [EPHA 1988]. … [emphasis added]

Yong CJ subsequently went on to hold (at [23]) that:

It would also be pertinent to consider that, in the vast majority of cases,
enforcement of the anti-littering provisions in the [EPHA 1988] is dependent
on the direct observation of an enforcement officer, who witnesses the
commission of the offence while he is performing his anti-littering rounds. As
the DPP rightly pointed out, it would not be inconceivable that composition of
such offences, in view of the straightforward nature of the offence itself,
amounts to an admission of guilt. The offender having been caught red-handed
would probably decide to pay the composition fine, if permitted, rather than
go to court. After all, an offence under s 18(1) of the [EPHA 1988] is what
one could consider to be a “strict liability” offence, where no blameworthy
mental element need be shown. Hence, the Prosecution would only have to show
that the offender had littered and that he had done so voluntarily and not out
of accident or automatism …

58 I accept that the passage just quoted may not apply in its entirety to all
traffic offences. However, it is fair to say that it is, for the most part,
applicable to less serious traffic offences for which composition is offered.

59 Moreover, allowing a court to take into account a compounded offence under
the RTA (or its subsidiary legislation) allows for a more holistic approach in
sentencing. It cannot be gainsaid that a court should have regard to all
relevant factors in sentencing. This is, in fact, hinted at by s 228(2)(c) of
the CPC, which provides that the Prosecution’s address on sentence may include
“any relevant factors which may affect the sentence” [emphasis added]
(although this provision appears to apply only to plead guilty proceedings, s
230(1)(x) of the CPC makes it applicable to trial proceedings as well). It
follows that the court must be allowed to take these same factors into
account.

60 Furthermore, the offence of dangerous driving is one that calls for both
specific and general deterrence (D’Rozario Pancratius Joseph v Public
Prosecutor [2015] SGHC 46 at [27]). Allowing a court to take into account a
compounded offence under the RTA (or its subsidiary legislation) gives better
effect to this need. Indeed, whether a traffic offence is compounded may
ultimately depend on the prevailing prosecutorial policy of the day. But the
need to deter bad driving remains regardless and is better given effect to
when a court is allowed to take into account compounded offences under the RTA
(or its subsidiary legislation).

61 Returning to the present case, I was of the view that the District Judge
had failed to give sufficient weight to the Accused’s bad driving record. I
noted the Prosecution’s concession that the Accused’s antecedents may not, in
and of themselves, warrant a custodial sentence. In my view, however, this
factor was a significant one to which considerable weight had to be accorded.

62 Leaving aside SNs 6 and 8 in the list at [51] above (which I considered to
be irrelevant), the Accused’s antecedents could be divided into two broad time
periods. The first period was from 1996 to 1999 and comprised SNs 1–5 in the
list. I noted that in 1999 alone, the Accused was dealt with for speeding
three times (ie, SNs 3–5 in the list). The second period was from 2007 to 2014
and comprised SNs 7, 9 and 10 in the list. The Accused’s last antecedent (ie,
SN 10 in the list) was less than a year before the accident in the present
case. All things said, it was plain that the Accused had an alarming
proclivity to flout traffic rules. Yet, he had, time and time again, been let
off with either a fine or composition. These proverbial slaps on the wrist
might well explain the Accused’s seeming nonchalance towards his traffic
offences. It was also most likely the case that in all these past episodes, no
one had actually been injured by the Accused’s infractions. The present case,
unfortunately, was not as before. In my judgment, this was a case where
specific deterrence was called squarely to the fore. A clearer and, indeed,
stronger message had to be sent to the Accused that traffic rules are to be
strictly obeyed and not flouted with impunity.

Conclusion on whether the custodial threshold had been crossed in the present
case

63 In the present case, I found that the harm caused by the offence tended
towards the higher side (see [45] above) but that the Accused’s culpability
was not particularly high (see [46]–[49] above). In addition, the Accused’s
remorse operated in his favour (see [50] above). If these were all there were
to consider, I would have been hesitant in concluding that the custodial
threshold had been crossed. However, what ultimately tipped the balance in
bringing the present case over the custodial threshold was the Accused’s bad
driving record (see [51]–[62] above).

64 In the circumstances, I was of the view that a short custodial sentence of
one week’s imprisonment was appropriate. As for the disqualification order,
this combines the three sentencing objectives of punishment, protection of the
public and deterrence and should increase in tandem with the severity of the
offence (Edwin s/o Suse Nathen v Public Prosecutor [2013] 4 SLR 1139 at
[13]–[14]). Given the increased severity with which I have viewed the
Accused’s offending, a concomitant increase of the disqualification period was
warranted. I therefore increased the disqualification period to 18 months.

Other observations

65 Before concluding, I make some additional observations on the Prosecution’s
reliance on two sets of statistics to illustrate the “magnitude of this
problem”. The first was derived from Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report (27 February 1996) vol 65, where the Minister for Home Affairs stated
(at col 716) that an average of 7,200 people were killed or injured on the
roads every year from 1991 to 1995. The Prosecution said that this figure
presupposed that there were, at most, 7,200 accidents per year (as there may
have been multiple victims in some accidents). The second set of statistics
was from a Police News Release dated 15 February 2017 (“the Police News
Release”), which showed the number of accidents resulting in injuries from
2014 to 2016 as follows:

Year| Number of accidents resulting in injuries  
---|---  
2014| 7,809  
2015| 8,058  
2016| 8,277  
  
The Prosecution contended that these figures represented, at least, the number
of persons injured (as this latter number could be higher if there were
multiple victims in some accidents). It was also highlighted that these
figures did not include the number of accidents resulting in death.
Contrasting the two sets of figures, the Prosecution submitted that there were
“far more accidents, far more injuries” today than in 1996.

66 Assuming the data was accurate and reliable, I was conscious that the two
sets of figures did not correlate with each other: the first set of statistics
had to do with the average number of people killed or injured on the roads and
the second set of statistics had to do with the number of accidents resulting
in injuries. The first set of statistics would in all likelihood correlate
with a lower number of accidents given that there would probably have been
multiple accident victims in at least some cases. Adopting the same logic, the
second set of statistics would in all likelihood correlate with a higher
number of accident victims who sustained injuries.

67 From the second set of statistics, the number of accidents involving
injuries had certainly registered a continuing increasing trend over the
recent few years (ie, from 2014 to 2016). Logically, this would also mean that
the number of accident victims must have been increasing. However, these
statistics only suggest a possible recent trend at best and do not reveal any
marked longer-term shift towards deteriorating driving behaviour over time. If
one were to look slightly further back to 2012 and 2013, it is apparent from
the Police News Release that the numbers only tell us so much as a snapshot.
They can and will fluctuate with little or no predictability. The 2012 and
2013 figures in fact stood at 8,022 and 7,598 respectively. Viewed in
perspective, there is not all that much to be gleaned from the perceived trend
from 2014 to 2016 where the numbers began to rise. I do, of course, fully
recognise the need for constant vigilance and rigorous enforcement to ensure
that the number of accidents on our roads are kept to a minimum, and it is
probably because this has been a cornerstone of our traffic enforcement regime
that the numbers do not appear to have reached dramatically high levels in
spite of our increasing vehicle population.

68 Nor could a longer-term trend be discerned by comparing both sets of
statistics. The Prosecution submitted that it was the absolute number of
accidents and injuries that mattered. While I would agree with this submission
if one were simply seeking to identify a short-term trend (such as in the
preceding paragraph), I do not think that the absolute numbers tell the whole
story when the trend concerned involves a more substantial period of time.
Indeed, the Prosecution candidly accepted that the vehicle population and the
number of kilometres of road have increased over time. That being the case,
statistics presented as a percentage of the vehicle population or the number
of kilometres of road would have, in my view, presented a more helpful
picture. In this regard, I further note that the absolute numbers have not
actually increased all that significantly over a period of approximately 20
years, and I would not be at all surprised if any statistics presented along
these lines as a percentage were to show a contrary trend.

69 For the above reasons, while I did take into account the apparent
increasing trend of accidents resulting in injuries over the recent few years,
ie, from 2014 to 2016, I did not accord very substantial weight to this in my
decision.

Conclusion

70 In the premises, I was persuaded that the sentence imposed by the District
Judge was manifestly inadequate. A clear deterrent sentence, in the form of a
custodial sentence and a longer period of disqualification, was necessary for
both specific and general deterrence. Accordingly, I allowed the appeal and
imposed a sentence of one week’s imprisonment. I also increased the period of
disqualification to 18 months and ordered that the fine (which had been paid)
be refunded to the Accused.

See Kee Oon  
Judge

Francis Ng SC and Tan Zhongshan (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
appellant;  
Goh Teck Wee (Goh JP & Wong LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

