Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 74

Originating Summons 734 of 2016  
(Registrar’s Appeals Nos 362 and 378 of 2016)

Between

INTAS PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

DEALSTREETASIA PTE LTD  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Disclosure of Documents] — [Discovery of Documents] —
[Pre-action Disclosure] — [Norwich Pharmacal Orders]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd

  

v

  

DealStreetAsia Pte Ltd

[2017] SGHC 74

High Court — Originating Summons 734 of 2016 (Registrar’s Appeals Nos 362 and
378 of 2016)  
George Wei J  
10 February 2017

10 April 2017 Judgment reserved.

George Wei J:

Introduction

1 The Plaintiff is Intas Pharmaceuticals Limited (“Intas”), an India
incorporated company in the business of manufacturing, marketing and
distributing pharmaceutical products. The Defendant is DealStreetAsia Pte Ltd
(“DealStreetAsia”), a Singapore incorporated company which operates a
financial news website at the Internet address www.dealstreetasia.com.

2 These appeals arise out of an application by the Plaintiff for pre-action
interrogatories and pre-action discovery against the Defendant. The
application was granted in part by the learned Assistant Registrar (“the AR”)
on 26 September 2016. Both parties (“Parties”) appealed against different
aspects of the AR’s decision. Having considered the arguments, I allow the
Plaintiff’s appeal in part and dismiss the Defendant’s appeal.

Facts

3 The Parties’ dispute centres on an article published on the Defendant’s
website on 21 December 2015 (“the Article”). The Article was written by one of
the Defendant’s correspondents, Ms Bhawna Gupta (“Ms Gupta”). In gist, the
Article reported that a competitor of the Plaintiff, Sun Pharmaceuticals
Industries Ltd (“SPI”), was in “early talks” to acquire the Plaintiff’s
business (“the alleged intended acquisition”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1st Affidavit of Chandrasekhar Kantilal Yagnik, Exhibit CKY-2.

4 A day prior to the publication of the Article, Ms Gupta had written an email
to the Plaintiff’s Chief Financial Officer, Mr Jayesh Shah (“Mr Shah”), on 20
December 2015. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1st Affidavit of Chandrasekhar Kantilal Yagnik, Exhibit CKY-1; 1st Affidavit
of Thomas Phillip Joji, para 11.

The email stated:

This is regarding a story we are doing on Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd Ltd [sic].
We understand that the company is looking to sell its business and is in talks
with Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd for the same.

The email continued with Ms Gupta seeking confirmation and additional details
in relation to the alleged intended acquisition. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1st Affidavit of Chandrasekhar Kantilal Yagnik, Exhibit CKY-1.

5 Mr Shah replied Ms Gupta on the morning of 21 December 2015, stating: “This
report is completely base less [sic] and we fully deny it.” 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1st Affidavit of Chandrasekhar Kantilal Yagnik, Exhibit CKY-1; 1st Affidavit
of Thomas Phillip Joji, para 12.

6 The Defendant asserts that Ms Gupta also contacted SPI and the Kotak
Mahindra Group (who according to Ms Gupta’s source had been appointed to lead
the mandate on behalf of SPI for the proposed deal) for their comments. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1st Affidavit of Thomas Phillip Joji at para 13.

7 Mr Thomas Philip Joji (“Mr Joji”) who is a director, shareholder and editor-
in-chief of the Defendant asserts that Ms Gupta also sent the Article to him
for review and comments. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1st Affidavit of Thomas Phillip Joji at para 14.

After vetting, the Article was published on 21 December 2015. The Article
cited “multiple sources familiar with the development” and “executive(s) who
[are] directly aware of the development”. The Article also reported that: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1st Affidavit of Chandrasekhar Kantilal Yagnik, Exhibit CKY-2.

(a) Mr Shah had denied the alleged intended acquisition in response to email
inquiries from the Defendant.

(b) The Kotak Mahindra Group also denied the statement and had stated that
they were not aware of any such transaction.

(c) SPI had declined to comment.

(d) “Temasek” had purchased a 10% stake in Intas.

8 I pause to note that the reference to “Temasek” appears to be a reference to
Temasek Holdings Private Limited, the Singapore-based investment company.

9 Following the publication of the Article, the Plaintiff’s Vice Chairman, Mr
Binish Chudgar (“Mr Chudgar”) sent an email to Ms Gupta on 24 December 2015,
describing the Article as “false, baseless, unjustified and lacking
substantial proof” and demanding that the Defendant publish an apology. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

1st Affidavit of Chandrasekhar Kantilal Yagnik, Exhibit CKY-4.

10 Emailing Mr Chudgar in reply, Mr Joji stated that the Defendant had carried
out “due diligence” and published the story “only after confirmations from
reliable sources”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1st Affidavit of Chandrasekhar Kantilal Yagnik, Exhibit CKY-4.

The Defendant also updated the Article on its website by inserting the
following “Editor’s Note”: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1st Affidavit of Chandrasekhar Kantilal Yagnik, Exhibit CKY-5.

Editor’s Note: The above story, titled, ‘Exclusive: India’s Sun Pharma in
‘early talks’ to buy rival Intas in blockbuster $2b deal’, was based on
information provided by reliable sources, and published after following all
standard protocol. The DEALSTREETASIA correspondent had included Intas’
comments/denial, in the original version, and had also sought reactions from
all parties, including the advisors from both sides, before publishing the
story. There was no deliberate attempt from our side “to create unnecessary
confusion among the various stakeholders of our company so as to destabilize
its smooth/efficient functioning” – as has been suggested by the company.

This portal wants to reiterate that the story was done after all requisite due
diligence, and also wishes to clarify that there was no intention to harm
Intas Pharmaceuticals.

11 Subsequently, the Plaintiff’s solicitors in Ahmedabad, India, Messrs Singhi
& Co, wrote to the Defendant (specifically addressing Mr Joji and Ms Gupta) on
30 December 2015, calling upon the Defendant to explain what due diligence it
had carried out in relation to the Article, and to provide details of the
sources it had relied on (“the Sources”). The Defendant, however, refused to
furnish the information sought by the Plaintiff. The letter was sent to the
address of DealStreetAsia Pte Ltd situated in Boat Quay, Singapore. Whilst the
letter was addressed to Ms Gupta at the Singapore office address, the
Defendant claims that Ms Gupta was at that time based in India and that the
Article was in fact written and published in India. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

1st Affidavit of Thomas Phillip Joji at para 24.

12 The Plaintiff subsequently instructed solicitors in Singapore, Messrs Allen
& Gledhill LLP, who sent a letter to the Defendant on 10 March 2016. The
letter stated that the Plaintiff intended to commence proceedings against the
Defendant for malicious falsehood, and requested that the Defendant furnish
certain information as set out in a schedule to the letter.

13 The information sought generally related to what the Sources had
communicated to the Defendant (“the Communications”), how the Communications
were made and the identity of the Sources. Having received the letter, Mr Joji
wrote an email to Mr Chudgar on 18 March 2016. The tone of the email was
apologetic, and Mr Joji expressed a hope that the Parties could resolve their
dispute amicably. However, as before, the Defendant did not furnish the
requested information.

14 On 21 July 2016, the Plaintiff filed Originating Summons 734 of 2016 (“OS
734”) in the High Court. By OS 734, the Plaintiff sought leave to serve pre-
action interrogatories on the Defendant under O 26A rr 1(1) and 1(5) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”); as well as an order
for pre-action discovery against the Defendant under O 24 rr 6(1) and 6(5) of
the Rules. Again, broadly speaking, the Plaintiff sought disclosure of the
Communications and the identity of the Sources.

Decision below

15 The AR allowed the Plaintiff’s application in part and ordered the
Defendant to provide pre-action discovery of certain documents sought (“the
Documents”). The AR was of the view that the Plaintiff ought to be shown these
documents as these would “assist the Plaintiff in pursing their intended claim
for malicious falsehood”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Notes of Evidence at page 2, lines 1 to 4.

16 For convenience, I reproduce below the list of Documents which the
Defendant was ordered to disclose: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Order of Court HC/ORC 7332/2016 at para 1.

(a) All documents and correspondence evidencing the statement in the “Editor’s
Note” to the Article that the Article was “based on information provided by
reliable sources”, namely the following:

(i) Documents and correspondence evidencing the statement in the Article that
“multiple sources familiar with the development” had told the Defendant that
“Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd is now sweeting its sights to acquire local
rival Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd, and is in ‘early talks’ in what could be a Rs
15,0000 ($2.3 billion) deal”.

(ii) Documents and correspondence evidencing the statement in the Article that
“one of the executives who is directly aware of the development” had told the
Defendant that the Acquisition would be a “cash-cum-stock deal [that] will see
Sun Pharma cough up Rs 7,500 crore in cash and issue shares for the remaining
amount.

(iii) Documents and correspondence evidencing the statement in the Article
that “another of the executives quoted above” had told the Defendant that “Sun
Pharma has hired Kotak Mahindra while Intas Pharma has appointed a leading
Mumbai-based advisory firm to lead the mandate for the proposed deal”.

(iv) Documents and correspondence evidencing the statement in the “Editor’s
Note” to the Article that the Defendant had “sought reactions” from the
“leading Mumbai-based advisory firm” (as identified in (iii) above) that was
allegedly appointed by the Plaintiff to “lead the mandate for the proposed
deal”.

17 However, the AR declined to allow any of the interrogatories sought by the
Plaintiff. He also took the view that it was not sufficiently material for the
Plaintiff to know the identity of the Sources to pursue its claim in malicious
falsehood against the Defendant. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Notes of Evidence at page 1, lines 31 to 37.

As such, the AR further directed that, in disclosing the Documents, the
Defendant could redact any information that may lead to identification of the
Sources. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Order of Court HC/ORC 7332/2016 at para 4.

The Parties’ arguments on appeal

The Plaintiff’s arguments

18 By Registrar’s Appeal 362 of 2016, the Plaintiff appeals, first, against
the AR’s decision declining to allow it to serve interrogatories on the
Defendant, and secondly, against the AR’s decision allowing the Defendant to
redact from the Documents, any information which may lead to identification of
the Sources.

19 The Plaintiff states that it requires pre-action disclosure of the
Communications and the identity of the Sources for two purposes:

(a) First, to determine whether it has a viable cause of action against the
Defendant for malicious falsehood (“the First Purpose”); and

(b) Secondly, to identify the Defendant’s sources so as to commence
proceedings for malicious falsehood against the Sources themselves (“the
Second Purpose”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

1st Affidavit of Chandrasekhar Kantilal Yagnik at para 9.

20 In applying for disclosure for the Second Purpose, the Plaintiff
effectively seeks a Norwich Pharmacal order. Such orders are named after the
English decision of Norwich Pharmacal Co v Customs and Excise Commissioners
[1974] AC 133 (“Norwich Pharmacal”), and are sought by a Plaintiff who wishes
to ascertain the identity of a potential defendant with a view to commencing
proceedings against that potential defendant. This remedy is now encapsulated
in both O 24 r 6(5) and O 26A r 1(5) of the Rules.

21 In respect of the First Purpose, the Plaintiff argues that it requires the
information sought in OS 734 because this information is necessary for it to
determine whether it has a viable claim in malicious falsehood against the
Defendant. Specifically, the Plaintiff submits that it should be allowed to
serve pre-action interrogatories on the Defendant because the Sources may have
communicated with the Defendant orally, and pre-action discovery of the
Documents will not reveal such oral communications. The Plaintiff further
states that it requires disclosure of the identity of the Sources, because
both what the Sources communicated to the Defendant, as well as the identity
of the Sources, materially impact whether the Defendant can be said to have
acted with malice, a key element of malicious falsehood.

22 In respect of both the First and Second Purposes, the Plaintiff argues that
this Court has the jurisdiction to order pre-action interrogatories against
the Defendant because there is a sufficient nexus between any intended causes
of action (both against the Defendant and against the Sources) and Singapore.
The Plaintiff also maintains that the Defendant is not entitled to withhold
the identity of the Sources on the ground of confidentiality. This is because
the Defendant’s interests in maintaining the confidentiality of the Sources
are outweighed by the “interests of justice” which, according to the
Plaintiff, require that the Plaintiff be able to pursue its claims against the
Defendant and/or the Sources.

The Defendant’s arguments

23 By Registrar’s Appeal 378 of 2016, the Defendant appeals against the AR’s
decision directing the Defendant to disclose the Documents. Unsurprisingly,
the Defendant also takes the position that the AR was correct to have allowed
it to withhold the identity of its sources. Thus, the Defendant argues that it
should neither be compelled to disclose the Documents, nor the identity of the
Sources. This is because, according to the Defendant, both the contents of the
Documents and the identity of the Sources are confidential, and the interests
of justice demand that such confidentiality be preserved. The Defendant
further argues that this court has no jurisdiction to order pre-action
disclosure because the Plaintiff has failed to demonstrate the requisite nexus
between Singapore and the alleged wrongdoings by the Defendant and/or the
Sources.

Issues to be determined

24 Pre-action interrogatories and pre-action discovery are both forms of pre-
action disclosure. This judgment will use the term “pre-action disclosure” to
generally describe the relief sought by the Plaintiff in OS 734 and by
extension, in these Registrar’s Appeals.

25 Broadly speaking, the issues to be determined may be characterised as
follows:

(a) Whether the Plaintiff is entitled to pre-action disclosure of the
Communications and/or the identity of the Sources for the First Purpose; and

(b) Whether the Plaintiff is entitled to pre-action disclosure of the
Communications and/or the identity of the Sources for the Second Purpose.

Decision and analysis

Whether the Plaintiff was entitled to pre-action disclosure of the
Communications and/or the identity of the Sources for the First Purpose

The law on pre-action disclosure

26 Both O 26A r 1 and of O 24 r 6 of the Rules (which govern pre-action
interrogatories and pre-action discovery respectively) are largely similar in
wording and, as stated by the Court of Appeal in Dorsey James Michael v World
Sport Group Pte Ltd [2014] 2 SLR 208 (“Dorsey”) at [25], the principles
underlying pre-action discovery and pre-action interrogatories are broadly the
same.

27 The controlling requirements for both types of pre-action disclosure are
that the court must be satisfied that it is necessary (see O 26A r 2 and O 24
r 7) and just (see O 26A r 1(5) and O 24 r 6(5)) to order such disclosure.
Dorsey at [33] explains that aside from the threshold requirement of
relevance, the prescribed test is that of “justness underpinned by necessity.”

The requirement of necessity

28 Jeffrey Pinsler SC comments in Singapore Court Practice 2017, Vol 1
(LexisNexis, 2017) at p 1189 that whilst necessity is a fundamental
requirement of any application for discovery, the apparent simplicity of the
word belies its deeper and more difficult meaning in the context of pre-action
discovery. The comment is well-made for indeed the issue of necessity, what it
relates to, and the standard by which it is assessed has been the subject of
considerable judicial discussion.

29 It is established law that the applicant who seeks pre-action disclosure
must provide the defendant with sufficient information to enable him to take
legal advice on the issue of necessity and justness. This will require the
applicant to provide sufficient information so that the defendant will
understand the nature of the complaint being made. The applicant is not
permitted to take advantage of the rules merely to go on a fishing expedition
(see Kuah Kok Kim v Ernst & Young [1996] 3 SLR(R) 485 (“Kuah”) at [31] and
[38]). It follows that an applicant who is unable to even set out the core
substance of the complaint is not entitled to ask for pre-action disclosure.

30 In Kuah, the substance of the complaint related to the negligent valuation
of shares sold by the minority shareholders to the majority shareholders. An
application was made for disclosure of the documents and working papers relied
upon by the respondent in obtaining its valuation. This was to enable the
minority shareholders to decide whether an action lay against the valuer for
breach of contract and/or negligence. The Court of Appeal found that the
minority shareholders had already adduced evidence showing a reasonable basis
for their allegations (at [42]). In the Court’s view, the minority
shareholders sought pre-action discovery to determine whether those documents
would ground their cause of action (at [60]). Overall, since the documents
were relevant to an issue likely to arise out of the claim which would
probably be made in the intended proceedings, and were also necessary for
disposing fairly of the cause or matter, pre-action discovery was granted (at
[61]).

31 The case of Kuah therefore illustrates that pre-action disclosure is meant
to assist a plaintiff who, whilst able to set out the core substance of the
complaint, does not yet know whether he has a viable or good cause of action
against a potential defendant (at [31] and [57]).

32 The Court of Appeal in Ching Mun Fong v Standard Chartered Bank [2012] 4
SLR 185 (“Ching”) clarified at [21] that whilst Kuah used the terms “viable”
and “good” interchangeably, this did not mean that pre-action discovery could
be granted to assist a plaintiff to develop and finesse his cause of action. A
“good” cause of action is simply one that is possible to fashion into a claim,
as opposed to a set of facts which does not give rise to any cause of action
at all. Pre-action discovery is only necessary if a plaintiff lacks sufficient
knowledge to fashion a claim and commence proceedings against the would-be
defendant (see Ching at [23] and [40]). By “fashion a claim”, what is meant is
that the plaintiff must be able to bring a claim that is viable. Necessity is
not assessed by reference to the goal of determining whether the plaintiff has
a strong case and is likely to succeed in his cause of action. Necessity is
assessed by reference to whether the plaintiff knows what the intended causes
of action are, and the basis on which the causes of action are said to have
arisen. That basis depends of course on the cause of action relied upon.

33 I pause to note that Dorsey at [27] also held that pre-action disclosure
could assist a claimant to ascertain who the appropriate parties to sue are,
or whether he even has any cause of action against them. This of course is the
“Norwich Pharmacal” aspect of pre-action discovery (see [20] above).

The concept of justness

34 Turning to the issue of “justness”, the Court of Appeal in Dorsey advocated
taking a multi-factorial approach to deciding whether pre-action disclosure
ought to be ordered, bearing in mind that such disclosure is “quintessentially
intrusive in nature” (at [1] and [27]). Various considerations come into play.
The goal of pre-action disclosure is to save time and costs as well as to
promote efficient management of court processes. Against this, there are the
needs (i) to guard against fishing and roving requests in an attempt to make
out a contemplated claim which is wholly speculative in nature; (ii) to take
account of the reasonable expectations of non-parties in maintaining
confidentiality and privacy; and (iii) to be aware of the danger that
judicially administered orders for pre-action disclosure can increase the
expense of resolving disputes (see Dorsey at [26], citing Neil Andrews,
Andrews on Civil Processes vol I Court Proceedings (Intersentia Publishing
Ltd, 2013) at p 264).

35 It follows that some factors which a court can, in appropriate cases, have
regard to in deciding whether the order sought is just, include:

(a) The seriousness of the injury and or the loss and damage behind the
complaint made;

(b) The extent to which the intended cause of action that is said to underpin
the complaint is supported by material facts or to the contrary is wholly
speculative in nature (see Kuah at [33]);

(c) The degree of relevance of the material to the issues pertaining to the
cause of action;

(d) The scope or width of the documents or information being sought;

(e) Whether there is credible evidence that the alleged wrongdoing has a nexus
to Singapore (see Dorsey at [69]) (“the Singapore nexus factor”); and

(f) Whether there are relevant confidentiality (or related) obligations that
the defendant relies on, and if so, whether the interests of justice lie in
favour of maintaining or compromising such confidentiality obligations (see
Haywood Management Ltd v Eagle Aero Technology Pte Ltd [2014] 4 SLR 478
(“Haywood”) at [56]–[57]).

Is pre-action disclosure of the Communications and/or identity of the Sources
necessary for the First Purpose?

The Communications

36 I am of the view that disclosure of the Communications is necessary for the
First Purpose – that is, the Plaintiff needs to fill certain gaps in its
knowledge to determine whether it has a viable cause of action against the
Defendant for malicious falsehood. Specifically, without disclosure of the
Communications, the Plaintiff cannot determine whether there has been any
malice on the Defendant’s part, which is a key aspect of a claim in malicious
falsehood.

37 Gary Chan, The Law of Torts in Singapore, 2nd edition (“The Law of Torts in
Singapore”) at para 14.034 citing Challenger Technologies Pte Ltd v Dennison
Transoceanic Corp [1997] 2 SLR (R) 618 states that to prove malicious
falsehood, the plaintiff must show that:

(a) the defendant published a false statement to another person about the
plaintiff, his business, property or other interests;

(b) the defendant made the statement maliciously; and

(c) the plaintiff suffered actual damage as the direct and natural result of
the publication.

38 Malice is made out if a party publishing a falsehood was (i) actuated by an
improper or ulterior motive; or (ii) if the defendant did not honestly believe
that the statement was true or has acted with reckless disregard as to the
truth of the statements (see WBG Network (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Meridian Life
International Pte Ltd [2008] 4 SLR(R) 727 at [72], and The Law of Torts in
Singapore, at para 14.042).

39 The immediate difficulty the Plaintiff has in pleading a viable cause of
action is that it is unable to make an informed assessment on malice. Whilst
the Plaintiff knows that the Article was published despite its denial and the
absence of confirmation of the story from Kotak Mahindra Group and SPI, it
does not have sufficient knowledge as to the source and content of the
information provided to the Defendant in order to make a judgment on malice.

40 Whether the Defendant can be said to have acted with malice depends
materially on what the Sources communicated to the Defendant, and specifically
whether, based on these Communications as well as the other facts and
circumstances, including the Plaintiff’s denial of the alleged facts, the
Defendant acted in reckless disregard as to the truth of the impugned
statement. Without disclosure of such Communications, the Plaintiff does not
have a reasonable basis to make an assessment as to whether the Defendant was
“reckless” as to the truth, and therefore whether it can viably claim in
malicious falsehood. It simply lacks the knowledge to fashion a claim against
the Defendant.

41 I pause to note that O 18 r 12(1)(b) of the Rules provides that every
pleading must contain the necessary particulars of the claim or defence
including:

[…] where a party pleading alleges any condition of the mind of any person,
whether any disorder or disability of mind or any malice, fraudulent intention
or other condition of mind except knowledge, particulars of the facts on which
the party relies.

42 In the present case, the Plaintiff’s position is that it will only be in a
position to make an assessment on malice if it has sufficient knowledge of the
nature or identity of the Sources. An order for disclosure of this information
may help in saving time and costs.

43 The core complaint against the Defendant is clear. The intended cause of
action is malicious falsehood. After considering the submissions, in my
judgment, the intended claim is not speculative. There is some evidence or
material on the circumstances relating to the writing and publication of the
Article. This is not a case of fishing, speculative or otherwise. Mr Joji has
deposed on affidavit that, based on his experience in India, it is normal for
parties in commercial deals to respond with bare denials when contacted by the
press. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

1st Affidavit of Thomas Phillip Joji at para 16.

I make no finding as to whether that is true, but if it is, that would simply
be another reason why the Plaintiff cannot assess the viability of its claim
armed only with the knowledge that Mr Shah denied the alleged intended
acquisition in his email to Ms Gupta. If indeed such bare denials are
commonplace, then whether the Defendant can be said to have recklessly
disregarded the truth depends all the more on whether it received reliable
information from sources other than the Plaintiff. That would fortify the
conclusion that it is necessary for the Plaintiff to have disclosure of the
Communications.

The identity of the Sources

44 As for the identity of the Sources, I respectfully depart from the decision
of the learned AR and find that pre-action disclosure of the nature of the
Sources is necessary for the Plaintiff to know if it has a viable cause of
action. Again, the Plaintiff requires this information in order to form a view
as to whether it can viably claim that the Defendant has acted with malice in
the sense of a reckless disregard of the true facts (see [38] above).

45 Counsel for the Plaintiff drew my attention to the English case of South
Suburban Co-operative Society Ltd v Orum and Croydon Advertiser Ltd [1937] 3
All ER 133 (“South Suburban Co-operative Society”). That case concerned an
action for libel against a newspaper and against the contributor of a letter
to the newspaper. The plaintiff sought leave to serve interrogatories to
question the contributor on the identity of his sources of information. The
English Court of Appeal held that the plaintiff was entitled to make such
inquiries. Specifically, the Court noted that when malice is in issue, then
not only what was communicated to the defendant by its sources, but also the
“position, standing, character and opportunities of knowledge” of such sources
are relevant pieces of information (see South Suburban Co-operative Society at
135H–136A). I would add that such information is not only relevant but
material to the issue of malice. The Court in South Suburban Co-operative
Society endorsed an earlier decision, White & Co v Credit Reform Association &
Credit Index Ltd [1905] 1 KB 653 (“White & Co”), in which Sir Richard Henn
Collins MR stated at 658:

The issue being as to the condition of mind of the defendants when the libel
was published, and whether they were actuated by malice, an important factor
would be, not merely what inquiry they made into the truth of the statements
published, but to whom such inquiry was addressed. If there is to be an
investigation into the motives of the person publishing the libel, it is
essential to know all the facts; and it is obvious that, if the information
upon which he acted was procured from a person or persons who could not
possibly know anything about the matters in question, and he nevertheless
published the statements complained of as if they were based on sufficient
information, that might be cogent evidence of malice. To sever the question
from whom such information was obtained from the question whether any and what
information was obtained appears to me quite illogical.

[emphasis added]

46 These comments are apposite to the present case. I accept that both South
Suburban Co-operative Society and White & Co involved defamation and discovery
after the commencement of proceedings, instead of pre-action disclosure. In
the context of a defamation action, it is of course not necessary to plead
malice in order to bring a viable claim. Malice may however be relevant in
response to certain defences such as fair comment and qualified privilege.
Thus in Nirumalan K Pillay and others v A Balakrishnan and others [1996] 2
SLR(R) 650 it was held at [10] that:

If the defendant pleads fair comment on a matter of public interest and the
plaintiffs intend to defeat it on the ground that it was actuated by express
malice, they are required by O 78 r 3(3) of the RSC to serve a reply giving
particulars of facts and matters from which the malice may be inferred.
Needless to state, plaintiffs who intend to allege express malice must be in
possession of facts and matters which support malice and not concoct a case by
introducing irrelevant facts which embarrass the defendant.

47 The tort of malicious falsehood is different from defamation in several
important respects. For the purposes of this application, the most significant
difference is the fact that the plaintiff must be able to plead malice to
bring a viable claim in the former. Whilst the plaintiff in a defamation claim
may plead that the statement was falsely and maliciously published, malice is
presumed from the publication of the defamatory words. It is only where the
plaintiff seeks to destroy the defence of fair comment or qualified privilege
by asserting express malice that particulars of facts from which the malice is
to be inferred must be contained in the reply (see Singapore Civil Procedure
2017, Vol 1 (Foo Chee Hock gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2017) at para 18/12/26).

48 In an action for malicious falsehood, the burden is on the plaintiff to
allege and prove malice. Where the defendant asserts reliance on “reliable
sources”, as in the present case, the “position, standing, character and
opportunities of knowledge” of those sources materially impact the question of
whether a defendant has been “reckless” in publishing the information received
from those sources. What information was obtained from a defendant’s sources
cannot be artificially severed from who those sources are. The claim that the
information disclosed by the source to the Defendant appears on its face to
validate the impugned statement must be assessed in the context of the nature
or identity of the source.

49 As mentioned, the gap in the Plaintiff’s knowledge at present is that it
does not know whether it has a basis for pleading that the Defendant has acted
with malice. In my view that gap cannot be filled by simply disclosing the
contents of the Communications without also disclosing the identities of the
Sources. What information the Defendant obtained, and from where and/or whom
it was obtained, are both issues going to the heart of whether the Defendant
recklessly disregarded the truth, and thus whether the Plaintiff may viably
claim in malicious falsehood.

50 In any event, I note that the Defendant’s arguments were not focused so
much on questioning the necessity of the information sought by the Plaintiff.
Rather, the Defendant emphasised that the identity of the Sources should be
protected for reasons of confidentiality and the lack of a Singapore nexus.
This leads me to the “justness” of the pre-action disclosure orders sought.

Is it just to order pre-action disclosure of the Communications and/or the
Sources?

51 As mentioned at [34] above, justness is to be assessed using a multi-
factorial approach. The Defendant argues that it would not be just to order
pre-action disclosure of the Communications and/or the identity of the Sources
based on several factors, including the lack of a Singapore nexus and the
Defendant’s interests in maintaining confidentiality. I will analyse these
arguments in turn.

The Singapore nexus requirement

52 Interpreting s 18(2) read with para 12 of the First Schedule of the Supreme
Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed), the Court of Appeal in Dorsey
at [68] held that pre-action disclosure can only be ordered in relation to
intended proceedings in a Singapore court. That being so, the Court of Appeal
stated that it was necessary for the applicant to adduce “credible evidence of
a Singapore nexus” (at [69]). These comments were made in a context where the
respondent, World Sports Group, had applied for a Norwich Pharmacal order
compelling the appellant, James Dorsey (“Mr Dorsey”), to reveal the identity
of sources he had cited in an article that was allegedly defamatory of the
respondent. The respondent also alleged that certain confidential reports had
been released by the sources in breach of confidence to Mr Dorsey (at [10]).
It is stressed that the Court of Appeal’s comments regarding the need for a
Singapore nexus apply not only to Norwich Pharmacal orders, but to pre-action
disclosure in general.

53 In refusing the application to order disclosure of the identity of the
sources, the Court of Appeal stated at [69] that the sheer uncertainty of
where the alleged wrongdoing took place was a strong factor which weighed
against the ordering of pre-action interrogatories, as the courts’ powers do
not extend to interrogatories in aid of proceedings beyond Singapore. The
Court also found that the balance was tipped against granting the order
because, inter alia, it had not even been suggested that the breach or
disclosure had taken place or was actionable in Singapore (at [70]).

54 In reaching its decision, the Court of Appeal accepted that as far as the
defamation action against Mr Dorsey was concerned, there was no issue with
seeing a clear Singapore nexus. After all, Mr Dorsey resided and blogged from
Singapore (at [66]). The problem was with the alleged wrongdoing by the
sources in leaking the information to Mr Dorsey. The Court of Appeal found
that there was no evidence at all that Mr Dorsey obtained the information in
Singapore (at [67]). In short, the Court was of the view that there was
nothing to suggest that the breach of confidence occurred in Singapore, or
that the respondent had a potential cause of action against the sources in
Singapore. However, as regards the intended defamation action against Mr
Dorsey, the Court of Appeal found at [71] that the respondent already had a
“complete” cause of action.

55 It bears repeating that in the present case, the cause of action the
Plaintiff intends to bring in Singapore against the Defendant is malicious
falsehood. In addition, it is asserted that a claim for malicious falsehood
may be brought against the Sources.

56 The Parties had different views on what it means to adduce “credible
evidence of a Singapore nexus”. The Plaintiff submitted that the court only
needs to be satisfied that the applicant could potentially bring a cause of
action in Singapore. For its part, the Defendant argued that the court needs
to go beyond the threshold question of whether it has jurisdiction over the
intended cause of action. Rather, on the Defendant’s interpretation of Dorsey,
the court should consider the test set out in Spiliada Maritime Corp v
Cansulex Ltd [1987] AC 46 (“the Spiliada test”) and whether the various
connecting factors point to Singapore as the appropriate forum.

57 I agree with the Defendant that establishing a Singapore nexus means
something beyond the mere possibility that the applicant could potentially
bring a cause of action in Singapore. The Court of Appeal in Dorsey used the
language of “likely prospects of subsequent proceedings being held in
Singapore” [emphasis added] (at [70]). That said, Dorsey does not bear out the
Defendant’s suggestion that the court ought to consider the Spiliada test or
whether Singapore would be the most appropriate forum. I note that in Dorsey,
the Court felt that there was “no issue with seeing a clear nexus with
Singapore” [emphasis added], as far as the respondent’s cause of action
against Mr Dorsey was concerned (at [67]). In coming to that conclusion, the
Court took what may perhaps be described as a “broad brush” approach, and
simply noted that Mr Dorsey resided in, and blogged from Singapore. The Court
did not, however, go into a detailed analysis of where the witnesses and
evidence were located, or other connecting factors that may be relevant to a
Spiliada enquiry.

58 A similar approach may be seen in the recent decision of Success Elegant
Trading Ltd v La Dolce Vita Fine Dining Co Ltd [2016] 4 SLR 1392. In that
case, the plaintiffs alleged that one Mdm Zhang had made fraudulent
misrepresentations that induced them to acquire shares in a food and beverage
business. They discovered that large sums of money had been transferred from
Mdm Zhang’s bank account in Hong Kong to bank accounts in Singapore belonging
to SETL, a company which the plaintiffs believed to be owned by Mdm Zhang. The
plaintiffs then applied to court for pre-action discovery of banking documents
relating to SETL’s bank accounts. Andrew Ang SJ held that there was a
sufficiently clear nexus to Singapore by virtue of the fact that, since SETL’s
bank accounts were in Singapore, there was a real possibility of proceedings
being commenced in Singapore (at [85]). Again, Ang SJ came to this conclusion
without a detailed examination of the connecting factors in that case.

59 Thus, the principle that a party applying for pre-action disclosure must
establish credible evidence of a Singapore nexus does not require the
applicant to prove that the Spiliada factors point to Singapore as the
appropriate forum. That position is not only consistent with the authorities
but also principled and sensible. Any attempt to delicately balance the
various connecting factors would be premature and speculative at a stage where
the plaintiff does not even yet know if he has a viable cause of action, or
who his potential defendant is.

60 Counsel for the Defendant pointed me to [67]–[70] of Dorsey, where, as
mentioned, the Court noted that there was no evidence to show that Mr Dorsey’s
sources had committed any wrongdoing in Singapore, or any wrongdoing that was
actionable in Singapore. This led the Court to find that there was no credible
evidence of a Singapore nexus in respect of any intended cause of action
against the sources. However, unlike the Court in Dorsey, at this point, I am
not assessing the likelihood of the Plaintiff commencing proceedings against
the Sources. Rather, I am assessing the application for pre-action disclosure
in the context of the First Purpose – ie, the Plaintiff’s potential claim
against the Defendant in Singapore for the tort of malicious falsehood.

61 It is clear, in my view, that there is sufficient evidence of a nexus
between Singapore and any potential cause of action against the Defendant. The
Defendant is a Singapore-incorporated company. The Defendant’s website
describes the Defendant as being “founded in May 2014 in Singapore” and
“[having] come to life through its main news and intelligence portal
www.dealstreetasia.com in October 2014”. Additionally, Mr Joji, who “lead[s] a
team of journalists and business developers across the Asian market”, is
described as being “based in the Asian financial headquarters in Singapore”.
It is not in dispute that the Article was made accessible in Singapore. It is
unclear whether the Article was actually accessed by readers in Singapore. If
it was, then the Article was certainly published in Singapore, since for
materials that are made available on the Internet, publication takes place
when the material is accessed by the end user (see Dow Jones and Company Inc v
Gutnick (2002) 210 CLR 575, endorsed in Ng Koo Kay Benedict v Zim Integrated
Shipping Services Ltd [2010] 2 SLR 860 at [26]). In this regard, I note that
Mr Joji’s response to a letter from the Plaintiff’s solicitors in India,
Singhi & Co, was to say that the Defendant “may consider removing the story
itself from the web-site in Singapore” [emphasis added]. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

1st Affidavit of Chandrasekhar Kantilal Yagnik, Exhibit CKY-4.

There is also evidence that at least one investor in the Plaintiff is a
Singapore-incorporated company (see [8] above), the point being that
Singapore-based investors may have an interest in the pharmaceutical industry
in India and Asia. Taking all of these factors into consideration, I am
satisfied that the requirement of a Singapore nexus is fulfilled. In the
language of the Court in Dorsey (at [70]), there is a “likely prospect” that
the intended cause of action against the Defendant for malicious falsehood
will be brought in Singapore.

Confidentiality of the Sources

62 As noted by Tay Yong Kwang J (as he then was) in Haywood at [56], where
confidentiality obligations are at stake, the court has to balance the
interests of the applicant against those of the defendant. The question,
therefore, is whether the Plaintiff’s interest in ascertaining the viability
of its intended claim outweighs the Defendant’s interest in maintaining the
confidentiality of the Sources, or vice versa.

63 Counsel for the Defendant highlighted the case of KLW Holdings v Singapore
Press Holdings Ltd [2002] 2 SLR(R) 477 (“KLW”). There, Choo Han Teck JC (as he
then was) suggested that, in the context of pre-action discovery applications,
the courts should prima facie lean in favour of confidentiality (at [10]). I
pause to note that there is now some doubt over this position. In Haywood, Tay
J (as he then was) was of the view that Odex Pte Ltd v Pacific Internet Ltd
[2008] 3 SLR(R) 18 (“Odex”), a decision subsequent to KLW, had “dispelled any
notion that a higher standard of proof should be imposed in situations where
the defendant owes a duty of confidentiality to other parties” (at [54]). What
is clear and uncontroversial, however, is that the guiding test is whether it
is in the interests of justice to grant disclosure (see KLW at [11], Odex at
[59] and Haywood at [55]). The question has to be approached having regard to
the specific rules pertaining to the relevancy and admissibility of the
evidence (see KLW at [11]).

64 On that front, I was of the view that KLW could be distinguished on its
facts. There, the appellant, KLW, had commenced proceedings against Singapore
Press Holdings for an allegedly libellous article published in a newspaper.
KLW then applied for pre-action discovery of the interview notes with the
maker of the allegedly libellous statement and the working drafts of the
article. Choo JC (as he then was) noted that there was “no disguise” that the
discovery application had been brought with a view to ascertaining the
identity of the source (at [3]). The key fact was that the intended cause of
action was in libel; the “big question” was whether the article was libellous.
In view of this, the journalist’s interview notes and drafts, as well as the
identity of the source, were found to be irrelevant (at [12]). In contrast,
the Plaintiff in the present case intends to claim in the tort of malicious
falsehood. As set out earlier, what was communicated to the Defendants and the
identity of its sources are both material and certainly relevant issues going
to the heart of whether there was any malice on the Defendant’s part (see
[44]–[49] above). The Plaintiff therefore has an interest in obtaining this
information for the purpose of assessing whether it is able to plead a viable
claim, as far as the question of malice is concerned.

65 There are two other factors which weigh in favour of compromising the
confidentiality of the Defendant’s sources in the interests of justice. The
first is that, although Mr Joji’s affidavit states generally that “news tip-
offs received by our journalists are very often provided on the condition of
anonymity and confidentiality” [emphasis added], 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

1st Affidavit of Thomas Philip Joji at para 32.

the Defendant has not deposed on affidavit that the information about the
alleged intended acquisition was in fact communicated to it in confidence. The
second point I would make is that the Article does not involve the type of
subject matter for which compelling public interest considerations might
otherwise justify protecting the sources’ confidentiality. By way of
comparison, in Dorsey, the allegedly defamatory publication related to the
exposure of flagrant corruption. The Court noted at [75] that:

[T]here is a compelling public interest consideration ever present in
Singapore to encourage whistle blowing against corruption: under s 36 of the
Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed) complaints made under the
Act cannot be admitted as evidence in any civil or criminal proceedings, and
no witness shall be obliged or permitted to disclose the name of the informer.
Needless to say, such protection does not literally extend to Dorsey in this
case as this matter does not involve such a complaint. Nonetheless, the
provision is a salutary reminder of the enlightened legislative approach that
has been taken to coax the exposure of corrupt activities.

66 This, among other factors, led the Court to conclude that the balance of
interests lay in favour of not ordering the interrogatories. Not exposing the
sources and maintaining their confidentiality at the pre-action stage was in
keeping with the “enlightened legislative approach” that sought to encourage
whistle blowing against corruption. In contrast, the subject matter of the
Article in the present case was simply a commercial deal allegedly in the
pipeline. Public interest considerations do not come down in favour of
maintaining the Sources’ confidentiality, certainly not the way that they did
in Dorsey.

67 I turn now to the scope of the information requested and justness. The
question is whether it is sufficient to merely require the Defendant to
disclose the “nature” of the Source (such as the fact that he is a manager of
a financial institution said to be engaged on the project, or a reporter
working for another news organisation, or an Internet website etc) as opposed
to the actual identity of the individual(s) involved. Given the intrusive
nature of the order, it is right in principle that a nuanced order may be
preferable, at least where the nuanced order is practical. The Defendant in
the Article and its responses has already indicated that it had relied on
“multiple sources” and these appear to be “executives with direct knowledge.”
It appears that these executives are likely to be either from Intas, SPI or
the Kotak Mahindra Group. That being so, the question is whether it is
sufficient to require the Defendant to disclose (i) whether the executive(s)
were from any of the aforementioned entities and if not, to state in general
terms the nature of the organisation from which the executive came, such as
professional advisers; and (ii) the seniority of the executive(s) involved,
such as their managerial level (if known).

68 After considering the submissions of the Parties, I am of the view that
whilst it was both just and necessary in all the circumstances to grant the
pre-action disclosure sought by the Plaintiff, the pre-action interrogatories
should be limited in the manner as indicated in [67] above. The Plaintiff
cannot expect to have complete knowledge of all facts: what it is entitled to
is disclosure of facts sufficient to give it a reasonable basis upon which to
form a view on whether it can plead a viable case, as far as the question of
malice is concerned.

Whether the Plaintiff was entitled to disclosure of the Communications and/or
the identity of the Sources for the Second Purpose

69 The Plaintiff sought pre-action disclosure for a Second Purpose – to
identify potential defendants to its claims for malicious falsehood against
the Sources. As mentioned earlier, the Plaintiff effectively sought what is
commonly referred to as a Norwich Pharmacal order in this respect.

70 After considering the submissions, I have come to the view that the
Plaintiff is not entitled to an order that the identity of the Sources be
disclosed for the Second Purpose. In Dorsey, the Court of Appeal summarised
the principles governing grant of a Norwich Pharmacal order as encapsulated
within O 26A r 1(5) of the Rules as follows:

(a) The person possessing the information must have been involved in the
wrongdoing whether the involvement was innocent or otherwise (at [39]);

(b) The applicant must have a real interest or real grievance to pursue which
must be weighed against other relevant interests such as (i) public interest
in an applicant vindicating his rights; (ii) strength of the possible cause of
action; (iii) proportionality and whether the information can be acquired by
other means; (iv) degree of confidentiality; (v) whether it will deter further
wrongdoing (at [41]–[44]).

(c) It must be necessary, just and convenient to allow the application (at
[45]).

71 These principles must be applied bearing in mind the Court of Appeal’s
ruling that pre-action interrogatories can only be ordered in respect of
intended proceedings in a Singapore court. As discussed earlier, one of the
factors relevant to determining whether making such order would be “just” is
whether there is credible evidence of a Singapore nexus (see [52] above). The
pre-action disclosure now in question is sought to enable the Plaintiff to
bring an action against the Sources. The gravamen of the complaint against the
Sources remains malicious falsehood and not, for example, unauthorised
disclosure of confidential information. The difficulty however is that there
is no evidence to suggest the Sources disclosed the information in Singapore
to Ms Gupta or Mr Joji. It may well be that the Sources in question were in
India and that whatever information was passed to the Defendant took place in
India. The question as to whether the Source is legally responsible together
with the Defendant for the publication of the Article on the website in
Singapore is by no means clear. Whilst the passing of the “information” to the
Defendant in India may well constitute an independent publication under the
tort of malicious falsehood, the nexus between that publication and the
separate publication of the Article by the Defendant in Singapore is tenuous
at best. On the facts before me, I am not persuaded by the Plaintiff’s
argument that it would have been reasonably foreseen by the Sources that, as a
consequence of their communications to the Defendant, there would be a
“malicious” publication of an allegedly false article in Singapore. Thus,
unlike the Plaintiff’s potential claim against the Defendant, I find there is
insufficient basis for a real possibility that the Plaintiff would bring a
claim against the Sources in Singapore for malicious falsehood.

72 It will be recalled that in KLW, the High Court declined to order a
newspaper to give discovery of the identity of the source in connection with a
libel suit. The disclosure of the source was not relevant at the point in time
when discovery was sought. Whilst Norwich Pharmacal was raised, it does not
appear that the High Court was ultimately concerned with the issue as to
whether discovery could be granted simply to enable the plaintiff identify the
source so that defamation proceedings could be brought against the source. In
the case before me, the Plaintiff has made clear that the identities of the
Sources are being sought for two purposes: first, to enable the plaintiff to
make a viable claim in malicious falsehood against the Defendant and secondly,
to discover the Sources’ identity so that proceedings can also be brought in
Singapore against the Sources themselves. Nevertheless, as indicated, I am not
satisfied that justness supports the grant of the order for the latter
purpose. As the Court of Appeal observed in Dorsey at [62], a balance must be
maintained between the competing interests.

Conclusion

73 For the reasons above, the Defendant’s appeal is dismissed and the
Plaintiff’s appeal is allowed in part.

74 I affirm the AR’s order as to pre-action discovery of the Documents,
including his decision permitting redaction of information which may lead to
identification of the Sources.

75 The Plaintiff is granted leave to serve interrogatories on the Defendant to
obtain information concerning the nature of its sources, to the extent set out
in [67] above – ie,

(a) whether the executive(s) or source(s) were from Intas Pharmaceuticals, Sun
Pharmaceuticals Industries or the Kotak Mahindra Group;

(b) the seniority of the executive(s) involved, such as their managerial level
(if known); and

(c) if the source(s) or executive(s) are not from the aforementioned
organisations, the type of organisation the source(s) or executive(s) are
from, and the nature or character of the source(s) or executive(s) by
reference to their seniority and/or managerial level (if known).

76 Parties are to agree on the precise terms of the interrogatories according
to this guidance within 14 days from the date of this judgment, failing which
they have liberty to apply.

77 Costs to be taxed if not agreed.

78 In conclusion, I note that the discovery and disclosure orders made today
are, of course, subject to the usual implied undertakings arising from Riddick
v Thames Board Mills Ltd [1977] QB 881 as applied and developed in Singapore
in Relfo Ltd (in liquidation) v Bhimji Velji Jadva Varsani [2009] 4 SLR(R) 351
and Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG [2005] 3 SLR(R) 555. I add that
nothing in this decision is to be taken as suggesting that any allegation of
malicious falsehood is proven. Quite aside from the issue of malice and
publication there is also the question of damage and harm taking account of s
6(1) of the Defamation Act (Cap 75, 2014 Rev Ed).

79 All that remains is for the Court to thank the counsel for their helpful
submissions and arguments.

George Wei  
Judge

Ang Cheng Hock SC, Lim Jun Rui, Ivan and Ramesh Kumar s/o Ramasamy (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Sim Bock Eng, Sngeeta Rai and Lim Si Wei, Samuel (WongPartnership LLP) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

