Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 9

Originating Summons No 774 of 2016

In the matter of Section 27 of the Building and Construction Industry Security
of Payment Act (Cap 30B)

And

In the matter of Order 95 Rule 3 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5)

And

In the matter of an Adjudication Review Application No SOP/ARA 03/2016 between
Ang Cheng Guan Construction Pte Ltd as the Claimant and Corporate Residence
Pte Ltd as the Respondent and the Adjudication Review Determination dated 13
July 2016

Between

| Ang Cheng Guan Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Corporate Residence Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Building and Construction Law] — [Dispute resolution] — [Adjudication]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ang Cheng Guan Construction Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Corporate Residence Pte Ltd

[2017] SGHC 9

High Court — Originating Summons No 774 of 2016  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
20 September; 28 October 2016

24 January 2017 Judgment reserved.

Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 In this originating summons, the applicant, Ang Cheng Guan Construction Pte
Ltd (“ACG”), seeks to set aside the adjudication review determination dated 13
July 2016 (“the Adjudication Review Determination”) in adjudication review
application no SOP/ARA 03 of 2016 (“the Adjudication Review Application”).
After hearing submissions from counsel for the parties on 20 September and 28
October 2016, I reserved judgment. I now give my decision.

Background

2 The respondent, Corporate Residence Pte Ltd (“CR”), had engaged ACG to carry
out works in a construction project. On 18 March 2016, ACG took out
adjudication application no SOP/AA 102 of 2016 (“the Adjudication
Application”) in relation to a payment claim dated 22 February 2016 (“the
Payment Claim”). Five issues (“the AA Issues”) were determined by the
adjudicator (“the Adjudicator”) in the resulting adjudication (“the
Adjudication”):

(a) Whether the Adjudication Application was invalid in that the Payment Claim
was served out of time (“the 1st AA Issue”).

(b) Whether the first and second payment responses provided by CR in response
to the Payment Claim (“the Payment Responses”) were valid (“the 2nd AA
Issue”).

(c) Whether ACG was entitled to extension of time (“EOT”) in excess of what
was granted by the architect (“the 3rd AA Issue”).

(d) Whether the delay certificate dated 27 November 2015 issued by the
architect against ACG was invalid and of no effect and therefore liquidated
damages were wrongfully imposed (“the 4th AA Issue”).

(e) Whether any, and if so what, amounts were payable to ACG for work done and
for variations/prolongation claims (“the 5th AA Issue”).

3 In relation to the 1st AA Issue, the Adjudicator found in favour of ACG and
determined that the Payment Claim was not served out of time. With respect to
the 2nd AA Issue, the Adjudicator found that the Payment Responses were valid.
On the 3rd AA Issue, ACG had claimed that it was entitled to EOT for four
delay events characterised as: (a) “Piles Removal Delay”; (b) “Piles Re-
Casting Delay”; (c) “Drawings Delay”; and (d) “ERSS Delay”. The Adjudicator
determined that ACG was entitled to an additional EOT of 133 days beyond what
was granted by the architect for the first delay event (ie, “Piles Removal
Delay”), but did not award any additional EOT for the remaining three delay
events. As for the 4th AA Issue, the Adjudicator determined that he did not
have the power to overturn the delay certificate and to declare it invalid.
However, he also found that in light of the additional EOT he had granted, CR
was not entitled to impose liquidated damages for late completion. With regard
to the 5th AA Issue, the Adjudicator found that ACG was entitled to certain
amounts under various heads.

4 The net result was that CR was found liable to pay ACG the sum of
$467,428.69 (“the Adjudicated Amount”). The Adjudicator also awarded interest
and ordered that CR bear 70% of the costs of the Adjudication.

5 On 19 May 2016, CR lodged the Adjudication Review Application pursuant to s
18(2) of the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap
30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). In compliance with s 18(3) of the Act, CR paid
the Adjudicated Amount to ACG prior to the lodgement. A review adjudicator
(“the RA”) was appointed by the Singapore Mediation Centre.

6 At the adjudication review (“the Adjudication Review”), CR sought a review
of two of the Adjudicator’s determinations:

(a) In relation to the 3rd AA Issue, that ACG was entitled to EOT of 133 days
in addition to the EOT granted by the Architect.

(b) In relation to the 4th AA Issue, that CR was not entitled to impose
liquidated damages.

7 In connection with the review of these two determinations, CR framed the
following issues for determination by the RA (“CR’s Issues”):

(a) Whether the Adjudicator had erred in determining that the “Contract
Variation Notice” constituted a valid and/or proper notice in compliance with
cl 23(2) of the Conditions of Contract (“CR’s 1st Issue”).

(b) Whether the Adjudicator had erred in determining that ACG was entitled to
133 days of EOT for “Piles Removal Delay” (“CR’s 2nd Issue”).

8 In respect of CR’s 1st Issue, the RA found that the “Contract Variation
Notice” did not constitute a valid and/or proper notice which complied with cl
23(2) of the Conditions of Contract. On CR’s 2nd Issue, the RA found that the
Adjudicator was wrong to have found that ACG was entitled to an additional EOT
of 133 days. In consequence of this finding, the RA held that CR had validly
imposed liquidated damages on ACG for delayed completion.

9 At the same time, ACG was also dissatisfied with the Adjudicator’s
determinations in relation to some of the AA Issues. At the Adjudication
Review, ACG submitted the following issues for the RA’s determination (“ACG’s
Issues”):

(a) Whether the Adjudicator should have granted further EOT for “Piles Re-
Casting Delay” and “Drawings Delay”.

(b) Whether the Adjudicator should have determined that time had been set at
large (“ACG’s 2nd Issue”).

(c) Whether the Adjudicator should have allowed ACG’s claim for: (a) all
preliminaries expended during the original 24 months; (b) all additional
preliminaries and/or prolongation costs incurred as a result of extensive
delays due to CR; and (c) all idling costs incurred by ACG.

10 However, the RA formed the view that his jurisdiction was limited to the
determination of the issues raised by CR in the Adjudication Review (ie, CR’s
Issues). It is principally in respect of this view taken by the RA that ACG
has taken out the present originating summons. The RA further determined that:

(a) Subject to certain observations on ACG’s 2nd Issue, ACG’s Issues were
completely separate and distinct from CR’s 1st Issue and CR’s 2nd Issue and
were not inextricably linked to either CR’s 1st Issue or CR’s 2nd Issue.

(b) In relation to ACG’s 2nd Issue:

(i) The issue of whether or not the Adjudicator should have determined that
time had been set at large by reason of “Piles Re-Casting Delay”, and/or
“Drawings Delay”, and/or “ERSS Delay” was an issue which was completely
separate and distinct from CR’s 1st Issue and CR’s 2nd Issue and was not
inextricably linked to CR’s 1st Issue or CR’s 2nd Issue.

(ii) The issue of whether or not the Adjudicator should have determined that
time had been set at large by reason of  
“Piles Removal Delay” was inextricably linked to CR’s 1st Issue and CR’s 2nd
Issue.

Scope of an adjudication review

11 This is the first time that the question of the scope of an adjudication
review has come up before the High Court. As noted in SEF Construction Pte Ltd
v Skoy Connected Pte Ltd [2010] 1 SLR 733 (“SEF Construction”) (at [24]), the
adjudication review procedure is unique to Singapore and is not found in other
jurisdictions with similar regimes to expedite payments in the construction
industry. As such, no guidance is available from precedent cases whether from
Singapore or abroad.

12 At the heart of the matter is the question: what is the scope of an
adjudication review? ACG submitted that a review adjudicator is entitled to
review the entire adjudication determination (“the Broad Interpretation”). On
the other hand, CR submitted that an adjudication review is restricted to only
the issues raised by the respondent (“the Narrow Interpretation”) because of
the following factors:

(a) Under the Act, only the respondent in an adjudication determination is
entitled to apply for an adjudication review.

(b) The adjudication review process is analogous to an appeal in court
proceedings, where it is well established that the respondent is not permitted
to raise any matter on appeal unless he has filed a cross-appeal.

13 It is convenient at this point to dispose of the second factor submitted by
CR. The adjudication regime is a creature of the Act, which establishes an
entirely new regime for the purpose of providing a fast but interim means for
resolving payment disputes in the construction industry. It is therefore
incorrect to draw an analogy to appeals in court proceedings which are not
only governed by different legislation but, more importantly, provide for a
final decision arrived at after a comprehensive process that ensures that all
relevant facts and legal arguments are fully ventilated. These are two
entirely different processes. The correct approach to resolving the question
in the present case is to consider the provisions in the Act and the Building
and Construction Industry Security of Payment Regulations (Cap 30B, Rg 1, 2006
Rev Ed) (“the Regulations”), secondary materials such as Parliamentary
debates, as well as the policy behind the Act.

14 With this in mind, I turn to consider the provisions in the Act and the
Regulations which relate to adjudication review. They are found in ss 18 and
19 of the Act and reg 10 of the Regulations.

15 Sections 18 and 19 of the Act provide as follows:

Adjudication review applications

18.—(1) This section shall apply to a respondent who is a party to an
adjudication if the adjudicated amount exceeds the relevant response amount by
the prescribed amount or more.

(2) Subject to subsection (3), where a respondent to whom this section applies
is aggrieved by the determination of the adjudicator, the respondent may,
within 7 days after being served the adjudication determination, lodge an
application for the review of the determination with the authorised nominating
body with which the application for the adjudication had been lodged under
section 13.

(3) Where the respondent is required in consequence of the adjudication
determination to pay an adjudicated amount to the claimant, the respondent
shall not lodge any application for the review of the determination unless he
has paid the adjudicated amount to the claimant.

(4) An adjudication review application —

(a) shall be made in writing addressed to the authorised nominating body
requesting it to appoint one or more review adjudicators to determine the
application;

(b) shall contain such information or be accompanied by such documents as may
be prescribed; and

(c) shall be accompanied by such application fee as may be determined by the
authorised nominating body.

(5) The authorised nominating body shall, upon receipt of an adjudication
review application —

(a) serve —

(i) a copy thereof on the claimant; and

(ii) a notice in writing that the application has been made on the principal
(if known) and the owner concerned; and

(b) subject to subsection (7) and in accordance with the prescribed criteria,
appoint a review adjudicator or a panel of 3 review adjudicators.

(6) The authorised nominating body shall, within 7 days after receipt of the
adjudication review application, serve a notice in writing confirming the
appointment of the review adjudicator or the panel of review adjudicators, as
the case may be, on the parties to the adjudication review, the principal (if
known) and the owner concerned.

(7) For the purpose of subsection (5)(b) —

(a) section 14(1) and (2) shall apply with the necessary modifications; and

(b) the authorised nominating body shall not appoint an adjudicator whose
determination is the subject of the adjudication review.

Adjudication review procedures, etc.

19.—(1) An adjudication review commences on the date immediately after the
appointment of the review adjudicator or the panel of review adjudicators, as
the case may be, is confirmed by the authorised nominating body under section
18(6).

(2) The review adjudicator or the panel of review adjudicators, as the case
may be, shall reject any adjudication review application that is not made —

(a) within the period referred to in section 18(2); or

(b) in accordance with section 18(4)(a) or (b).

(3) The review adjudicator or the panel of review adjudicators, as the case
may be, shall determine the adjudication review application within 14 days
after the commencement of the adjudication review or within such longer period
as may have been requested by the review adjudicator or the panel of review
adjudicators, as the case may be, and agreed to by the claimant and the
respondent.

(4) In relation to any adjudication review application, a review adjudicator
or a panel of review adjudicators, as the case may be, may —

(a) substitute the adjudication determination that is the subject of the
adjudication review for any other determination as is considered appropriate;
or

(b) refuse the adjudication review application.

(5) A review adjudicator or a panel of review adjudicators, as the case may
be, shall determine under subsection (4)(a) —

(a) the adjudicated amount (if any) to be paid by the respondent to the
claimant;

(b) where the adjudicated amount referred to in paragraph (a) is different
from the amount that the respondent has paid to the claimant under section
18(3), the date on which the difference in amount is payable;

(c) the interest payable on any such amount; and

(d) the proportion of the costs of the adjudication review payable by each
party to the adjudication review,

and shall include, in the determination, the reasons therefor.

(6) In determining an adjudication review application, the review adjudicator
or the panel of review adjudicators, as the case may be —

(a) shall only have regard to the matters referred to in section 17(3)(a) to
(h) and the adjudication determination that is the subject of the adjudication
review; and

(b) shall not be bound by any payment response, or any assessment in relation
to the progress payment, that is provided in the contract to be final or
binding on the parties thereto, whether subject to any term or condition or
otherwise.

(7) Where a panel of review adjudicators is appointed to determine an
adjudication review application, the determination shall be decided in
accordance with the opinion of the majority of the review adjudicators on the
panel.

(8) Sections 16(3) to (8) and 17(5) to (9) shall apply, with the necessary
modifications, in relation to adjudication review applications.

And reg 10 of the Regulations provides as follows:

Adjudication review applications

10.—(1) A respondent who is a party to an adjudication shall be entitled to
lodge an application for the review of the determination of the adjudicator
under section 18 of the Act if the adjudicated amount exceeds the relevant
response amount by $100,000 or more.

(2) Every adjudication review application shall —

(a) contain proof of payment of the adjudicated amount to the claimant
pursuant to section 18(3) of the Act; and

(b) be accompanied by a copy of the adjudication determination that is the
subject of the application.

(3) An authorised nominating body shall, upon receipt of an adjudication
review application —

(a) appoint one review adjudicator if the adjudicated amount exceeds the
relevant response amount by $100,000 or more but less than $1 million; or

(b) appoint a panel of 3 review adjudicators if the adjudicated amount exceeds
the relevant response amount by $1 million or more.

16 The first point to note is that there is nothing in the Act that explicitly
spells out the scope of an adjudication review. However, the operative words
in s 18(2) of the Act are “the review of the determination”. Prima facie, this
refers to the entire adjudication determination and supports the Broad
Interpretation. I accept that the sentence containing those words opens with
“where a respondent … is aggrieved by the determination of the adjudicator”.
However, I do not think that this, in itself, detracts from the generality of
the operative words. From this starting point, I turn to examine the other
provisions to discover the legislative intention.

17 From the provisions set out above, the following are the salient points
concerning adjudication reviews:

(a) Adjudication review is only available if the adjudicated amount exceeds
the response amount by $100,000 or more (s 18(1) of the Act read with reg
10(1) of the Regulations).

(b) Only the respondent in an adjudication may apply for adjudication review
(s 18(2) of the Act). There is no provision for the claimant to apply.

(c) The respondent must pay the adjudicated amount to the claimant before he
is entitled to apply for adjudication review (s 18(3) of the Act).

(d) The review adjudicator may:

(i) substitute the adjudication determination for any other determination as
is considered appropriate (s 19(4)(a) of the Act); or

(ii) dismiss the adjudication review application (s 19(4)(b) of the Act).

(e) Under s 19(4)(a) of the Act, the review adjudicator shall determine:

(i) the adjudicated amount (if any) to be paid by the respondent to the
claimant (s 19(5)(a) of the Act);

(ii) if the adjudicated amount is different from the amount that the
respondent has paid to the claimant under s 18(3) of the Act, the date on
which the difference in amount is payable (s 19(5)(b) of the Act);

(iii) the interest payable on any such amount (s 19(5)(c) of the Act); and

(iv) the proportion of the costs of the adjudication review payable by each
party (s 19(5)(d) of the Act).

(f) In conducting the adjudication review, the review adjudicator shall only
have regard to the matters in s 17(3)(a) to (h) of the Act and the
adjudication determination under review (s 19(6)(a) of the Act).

18 What is clear is that the Act does not state that an adjudication review is
limited to the issues raised by the respondent; nor does it state that it is
not limited to these issues. What it does state, in s 19(6)(a) of the Act, is
that the review adjudicator shall only have regard to the matters in s
17(3)(a) to (h) of the Act and the adjudication determination under review.
Section 17(3)(a) to (h) of the Act provides as follows:

(3) Subject to subsection (4), in determining an adjudication application, an
adjudicator shall only have regard to the following matters:

(a) the provisions of this Act;

(b) the provisions of the contract to which the adjudication application
relates;

(c) the payment claim to which the adjudication application relates, the
adjudication application, and the accompanying documents thereto;

(d) the payment response to which the adjudication application relates (if
any), the adjudication response (if any), and the accompanying documents
thereto;

(e) the results of any inspection carried out by the adjudicator of any matter
to which the adjudication relates;

(f) the report of any expert appointed to inquire on specific issues;

(g) the submissions and responses of the parties to the adjudication, and any
other information or document provided at the request of the adjudicator in
relation to the adjudication; and

(h) any other matter that the adjudicator reasonably considers to be relevant
to the adjudication.

19 This provision sets the boundaries of the matters that a review adjudicator
can consider. If the Narrow Interpretation were intended, either ss 17(3) or
19(6)(a) of the Act would have been an appropriate place to set that boundary
marker. In other words, the draftsman could have easily inserted, in either
provision, words to the effect that, in an adjudication review, only matters
raised by the respondent may be considered. No such marker was set, and
instead s 19(6)(a) of the Act states the matters which a review adjudicator
may have regard to, one of which is the adjudication determination under
review. Furthermore, it is a reference to the adjudication determination, not
a part of it. As for the matters in s 17(3)(a) to (h) of the Act, these
include the payment claim, the payment response and the submissions and
responses of the parties to the adjudication. Again, these are not expressed
in such a way that regard may only be had to part of these matters. There is
therefore no indication in s 19(6)(a) of the Act that an adjudication review
is limited to the issues raised by the respondent and the language is broad
enough to cover the entire adjudication determination. This is consistent with
the Broad Interpretation.

20 Another important indicia of the scope of an adjudication review is found
in s 19(5) of the Act. This states, in effect, that an adjudication review
shall determine the adjudicated amount (if any) to be paid by the respondent
to the claimant and, if this is different from that determined by the first
instance adjudicator, the review adjudicator shall also determine “the date on
which the difference in amount is payable”. If the Narrow Interpretation were
intended, it would be a simple matter to specify at this point that any
difference is payable by the claimant. However, s 19(5) of the Act does not
expressly restrict a review adjudicator to simply maintaining or decreasing
the adjudicated amount. Rather, the provision leaves it open to him to
increase it. Once again, this is consistent with the Broad Interpretation.

21 On this last point, I note that there is a statement in SEF Construction
that, at first blush, appears to suggest that the review adjudicator cannot
increase the adjudicated amount. In that case, the High Court stated (at
[26]):

… the only section of the SOP Act that deals with the court’s powers in
relation to an adjudication determination is s 27(5) which provides:

Enforcement of adjudication determination as a judgment debt, etc

27. — …

(5) Where any party to an adjudication commences proceedings to set aside the
adjudication determination or the judgment obtained pursuant to this section,
he shall pay into the court as security the unpaid portion of the adjudicated
amount that he is required to pay, in such manner as the court directs or as
provided in the Rules of Court (Cap. 332, R 5), pending the final
determination of those proceedings.

Whilst the section refers to “any party”, it is obvious from the condition
precedent imposed that in fact the only party who has a right under the
section to apply for a setting aside of the adjudication application is the
respondent since the respondent is the party who would have to pay into court
the unpaid portion of the adjudicated amount at the time of commencing the
application. The claimant has to live with the quantum of the adjudicated
amount determined by the adjudicator and has no recourse either before the
review adjudicator or the court to claim an increase of the same.

[emphasis added]

22 This statement was made in relation to s 27(5) of the Act, which deals with
the enforcement of an adjudication determination. Seen in that context, it is
clear that the statement contemplates a claimant who is dissatisfied with the
adjudication determination and, with no right to apply for a review, “has to
live with the quantum … determined by the adjudicator”. Furthermore, the High
Court was not dealing with the specific issue of the scope of an adjudication
review.

23 The only part of the Act that CR can rely on for the Narrow Interpretation
is s 18(2) of the Act, which provides that only the respondent in an
adjudication is entitled to apply for an adjudication review. In my view, all
that s 18(2) of the Act does is to establish the right of an aggrieved
respondent to apply for an adjudication review. Crucially, it does not state
that such a review is limited to the issues raised by the respondent. It is a
leap of logic to conclude from the fact that only the respondent is entitled
to apply for a review that the ensuing review is limited to only the issues
raised by the respondent.

24 CR relied on the following passage from Chow Kok Fong, Security of Payments
and Construction Adjudication (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2013) (at para 17.2):

An adjudication review … is not, strictly speaking, an appeal against the
first instance adjudication determination, nor should it be considered as a de
novo adjudication of the original dispute. Under the Act, an adjudication
review is essentially an adjudication of the extent to which ‘the adjudicated
amount exceeds the relevant response amount’. [emphasis added]

The footnote to the italicised sentence above refers to s 18(1) of the Act.
However, that provision does not state what an adjudication review is, and it
certainly does not do so in those terms. As was shown earlier, s 18(1) of the
Act merely sets out the situation under which a review is available, ie, if
the adjudicated amount exceeds the response amount by the prescribed amount
(which, under reg 10(1) of the Regulations, is $100,000) or more.

25 CR also relied on the following part of the speech of the Minister of State
for National Development at the second reading of the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Bill 2004 (Bill 54 of 2004)
(Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (16 November 2004) vol 78 at
col 1137):

… When the adjudicator rules in favour of the claimant, the claimant is then
entitled to the payment by a certain … date. In such a case, the respondent
may feel aggrieved and opined [sic] that the adjudication determination is
unfair. Therefore, we have stipulated that for amounts where the difference is
larger than $100,000, a right of review by the respondent is covered in the
Bill, and this is really to be fair to all parties.

26 This passage does not go as far as CR would like to take it because all it
does is affirm that the right to apply for review is only available to the
respondent (in cases where the adjudicated amount exceeds the response amount
by $100,000 or more). It does not quite go so far as to say that an
adjudication review is restricted to the issues raised by the respondent.

27 The last matter to consider is policy. The objective of the Act is to
establish a mechanism for speedy and low-cost adjudication of disputes over
payment claims, so as to ensure cash flow in the cash-sensitive construction
industry. An adjudication determination has “temporary finality” in that the
respondent is obliged to pay any sum ordered, but parties are not bound by the
findings of the adjudicator in any subsequent arbitration or court
proceedings. I examine whether the competing positions of the parties are in
contradiction with the policy of the Act.

28 CR pointed out that the Broad Interpretation would mean that an aggrieved
respondent could be liable to pay a higher sum upon an adjudication review
even though he is the only party entitled to seek a review. CR submitted that
the adjudication review procedure was established to balance the potential
unfairness suffered by a respondent in the adjudication process, given the
fact that the claimant has the benefit of deciding the time to initiate the
adjudication process and is therefore typically better prepared, as well as
the potential risk to the respondent if an adjudication determination is found
to be substantively wrong.

29 While CR’s submission may have some merit, the problem is that it does not
appear to be supported by the manner in which the pertinent provisions of the
Act are drafted. Further, for every good argument that CR may make, there is a
counter-argument that can be made for the other side. The Act was enacted to
establish a quick and inexpensive regime for the resolution of disputes over
payment claims that would facilitate cash flow in the construction industry.
Adjudication determinations would have “temporary finality” so that cash can
flow quickly and smoothly, and parties are to finally resolve all disputes
between them in arbitration or court proceedings after the construction works
are completed. The introduction of an additional layer of review runs the risk
of protracting proceedings further. If construction works are still in
progress, this could be an unwelcome distraction for the parties. Hence, the
legislature deemed it necessary to limit the right to apply for review to
cases where the difference between the adjudicated amount and the response
amount is large. Presently, this is set at $100,000. It is also conceivable
that the legislature deemed it necessary to place a further restraint in that
once an adjudication review is set in motion, the entire adjudication
determination is open for review and not just the parts that the respondent is
dissatisfied with. It must be borne in mind that in many adjudication
determinations, there will be parts where the adjudicator gets it right and
parts where he gets it wrong. To permit a respondent to cherry-pick the parts
which he is unhappy with, without a corresponding right on the part of the
claimant to seek a review of the parts where the adjudicator may have gotten
it wrong, could also be unfair. Indeed, the Narrow Interpretation would tend
to encourage respondents to apply for an adjudication review as there would be
nothing to lose, but everything to gain.

30 It can therefore be seen that the policy of the Act is ambivalent as to
which interpretation is to be preferred. On an analysis of the relevant
provisions of the Act, the Broad Interpretation is indicated. In view of the
foregoing, I hold that the Broad Interpretation is the correct one. I
therefore hold that in an adjudication review, the entire adjudication
determination is liable to be reviewed by the review adjudicator.

Whether the Adjudication Review Determination is liable to be set aside

31 Having found as such, the next question is whether the Adjudication Review
Determination is liable to be set aside.

ACG’s submission on breach of natural justice

32 ACG said that the RA had refused to hear its arguments relating to ACG’s
Issues and by so doing had breached the rules of natural justice. It submitted
that the Adjudication Review Determination should be set aside on this basis.
Specifically, ACG relied on s 16(3)(c) of the Act and submitted that an
“established example” of conduct amounting to a breach of natural justice is
where the adjudicator takes an erroneously restrictive view of his own
jurisdiction, with the result that he decides not to consider an important
element of the dispute that has been referred to him. A number of foreign
authorities were cited in support of this proposition.

33 In CJP Builders Limited v William Verry Limited [2008] EWHC 2025 (TCC), the
adjudicator had determined that he had no discretion to extend time for
service of the response and therefore excluded it from his consideration. The
English High Court held (at [79]) that the adjudicator did in fact have such a
discretion and was satisfied (at [84]) that the adjudicator had “failed to
apply the rule of natural justice that each party has a right to be heard and
to have its evidence and arguments considered by the tribunal”. In Pilon
Limited v Breyer Group Plc [2010] EWHC 837 (TCC), the English High Court held
(at [22.2]) that:

If the adjudicator fails to address the question referred to him because he
has taken an erroneously restrictive view of his jurisdiction (and has, for
example, failed even to consider the defence to the claim or some fundamental
element of it), then that may make his decision unenforceable, either on
grounds of jurisdiction or natural justice …

Among the cases cited as authority for this proposition were two further cases
relied on by ACG: the decision of the Outer House of the Scottish Court of
Session in Ballast Plc v The Burrell Company (Construction Management) Limited
[2001] BLR 529 and the decision of the English High Court in Thermal Energy
Construction Limited v AE & E Lentjes UK Limited [2009] EWHC 408 (TCC). I
note, however, that it is not clear if these two cases were even decided on
the basis of a breach of natural justice. Finally, ACG also referred to the
decision of Reiby Street Apartments Pty Ltd v Winterton Constructions Pty Ltd
& Anor [2006] NSWSC 375, where the New South Wales Supreme Court held (at
[62]) that the adjudicator’s failure to consider certain material meant that
he had failed to afford the respondent the measure of natural justice
prescribed by the New South Wales Building and Construction Industry Security
of Payment Act 1999 (Act 46 of 1999) (NSW) (“the NSW Act”).

34 Notwithstanding the cases cited by ACG, I do not agree with ACG’s
submission that the Adjudication Review Determination should be set aside on
the basis that there was a breach of natural justice. The cry for natural
justice has an attractive ring to it. But all too often it is used mistakenly,
perhaps because of its innate appeal to emotion. In the present case, the RA
had formed the view that an adjudication review was limited to the issues
raised by the respondent, ie, he was persuaded that the Narrow Interpretation
applied. Critically, this view was formed “[a]fter very careful consideration
of [ACG’s] submissions and a re-examination of the authorities cited to [the
RA] on this subject”. Having formed this view, there was no point in the RA
hearing arguments concerning ACG’s Issues because even if he agreed with those
arguments, it would not have made a difference to his decision. Therefore,
once the RA had decided that it was not open to ACG to challenge the parts of
the adjudication determination that CR did not seek to review, it was
absolutely correct for him to refuse to permit ACG to make submissions on
those points. Indeed, it was incumbent upon the RA to refuse to do so in order
to avoid a waste of time and costs. It is wrong to characterise this as a
breach of natural justice because ACG was heard on the preliminary question
concerning the scope of an adjudication review. The RA then determined that
what ACG wanted to submit was outside the scope of an adjudication review and
it was pointless to go beyond that. There was clearly and emphatically no
breach of natural justice in this case. To the extent that the foreign
authorities relied on by ACG appear to suggest otherwise, I respectfully
disagree with them for this reason.

Misdirection

35 The jurisdiction and powers of an adjudicator and a review adjudicator are
derived from the Act. As such, their orders are susceptible to judicial
review. This is envisaged by s 27(5) of the Act (see [21] above), as well as s
21(3) of the Act, which provides as follows:

(3) This section shall not affect the right of any party to challenge an
adjudication determination or an adjudication review determination in any
proceeding before a court …

36 In Sungdo Engineering & Construction (S) Pte Ltd v Italcor Pte Ltd [2010] 3
SLR 459 (“Sungdo”), I held (at [29]) that the High Court has the power of
judicial review over statutory tribunals by virtue of s 18(2) read with para 1
of the First Schedule of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007
Rev Ed). The Court of Appeal in Lee Wee Lick Terence (alias Li Weili Terence)
v Chua Say Eng (formerly trading as Weng Fatt Construction Engineering) and
another appeal [2013] 1 SLR 401 endorsed this position when it held (at [30])
that:

… If there is no payment claim or if a payment claim is not served on the
respondent, then the power of the [authorised nominating body] to nominate an
adjudicator would not have arisen, and an appointment made in such
circumstances would not be valid. The power of nomination under s 14(1) of the
Act is predicated on the existence of a payment claim and the service thereof
on the respondent. An acceptance of an invalid nomination would not clothe the
acceptor with the office of adjudicator. It is in this sense that an
adjudicator appointed in such circumstances is said to have no jurisdiction in
the matter because he has not been validly appointed under the Act. Any issue
arising in relation to the validity of the appointment of the adjudicator is a
jurisdictional issue which must be reviewable by the court. This was the kind
of issue that Lee J was concerned with in Sungdo.

37 In Citiwall Safety Glass Pte Ltd v Mansource Interior Pte Ltd [2015] 1 SLR
797, the Court of Appeal held (at [48]) that applications to set aside
adjudication determinations and/or judgments under s 27 of the Act are akin to
judicial review proceedings. In such applications, the court is exercising its
supervisory jurisdiction (at [51]).

38 The RA accepted the Narrow Interpretation. He therefore did not hear the
parties’ arguments on ACG’s Issues. This would not be wrong if his view of the
law was correct. However, this was not the case. Consequently, the RA had not
taken into consideration a very relevant matter.

39 In Associated Provincial Picture Houses, Limited v Wednesbury Corporation
[1948] 1 KB 223, the English Court of Appeal held that a wrong direction as to
the law could affect the validity of a decision. The court stated (at 229)
that:

It is true the discretion must be exercised reasonably. Now what does that
mean? Lawyers familiar with the phraseology commonly used in relation to
exercise of statutory discretions often use the word “unreasonable” in a
rather comprehensive sense. It has frequently been used and is frequently used
as a general description of the things that must not be done. For instance, a
person entrusted with a discretion must, so to speak, direct himself properly
in law. He must call his own attention to the matters which he is bound to
consider. He must exclude from his consideration matters which are irrelevant
to what he has to consider. If he does not obey those rules, he may truly be
said, and often is said, to be acting “unreasonably.” … [emphasis added]

40 The italicised part of the passage above was cited with approval by Lord
Hodson in the decision of the House of Lords in Padfield and Others v Minister
of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food and Others [1968] AC 997 (“Padfield") (at
1046). In that case, the Minister concerned had refused to refer a complaint
from milk producers in a particular region to a committee of investigation
under s 19 of the UK Agricultural Marketing Act 1958 (c 47) (UK). Lord Hodson
said (at 1046) that:

… The authority must not … allow itself to be influenced by something
extraneous and extrajudicial which ought not to have affected its decision.

41 In the same case, Lord Morris of Borth-y-Gest held (at 1041) that an order
of mandamus could only be made against the Minister if it was shown that in
some way he acted unlawfully, ie:

… if it were shown (a) that the Minister failed or refused to apply his mind
to or to consider the question whether to refer a complaint or (b) that he
misinterpreted the law or proceeded on an erroneous view of the law or (c)
that he based his decision on some wholly extraneous consideration or (d) that
he failed to have regard to matters which he should have taken into account.

Similarly, Lord Upjohn held (at 1058) that:

The Minister in exercising his powers and duties, conferred upon him by
statute, can only be controlled by a prerogative writ which will only issue if
he acts unlawfully. Unlawful behaviour by the Minister may be stated with
sufficient accuracy for the purposes of the present appeal: (a) by an outright
refusal to consider the relevant matter, or (b) by misdirecting himself in
point of law, or (c) by taking into account some wholly irrelevant or
extraneous consideration, or (d) by wholly omitting to take into account a
relevant consideration.

42 Subsequently, the House of Lords famously held in Anisminic Ltd v Foreign
Compensation Commission and Another [1969] 2 AC 147 (“Anisminic") (at 171)
that:

It has sometimes been said that it is only where a tribunal acts without
jurisdiction that its decision is a nullity. But in such cases the word
“jurisdiction” has been used in a very wide sense, and I have come to the
conclusion that it is better not to use the term except in the narrow and
original sense of the tribunal being entitled to enter on the inquiry in
question. But there are many cases where, although the tribunal had
jurisdiction to enter on the inquiry, it has done or failed to do something in
the course of the inquiry which is of such a nature that its decision is a
nullity. It may have given its decision in bad faith. It may have made a
decision which it had no power to make. It may have failed in the course of
the inquiry to comply with the requirements of natural justice. It may in
perfect good faith have misconstrued the provisions giving it power to act so
that it failed to deal with the question remitted to it and decided some
question which was not remitted to it. It may have refused to take into
account something which it was required to take into account. Or it may have
based its decision on some matter which, under the provisions setting it up,
it had no right to take into account. I do not intend this list to be
exhaustive. But if it decides a question remitted to it for decision without
committing any of these errors it is as much entitled to decide that question
wrongly as it is to decide it rightly. … [emphasis added]

43 This doctrine is well established in Singapore: see, for instance, Re Fong
Thin Choo [1991] 1 SLR(R) 774, Attorney-General v Venice-Simplon Orient
Express Inc Ltd [1995] 1 SLR(R) 533 and Tan Seet Eng v Attorney-General and
another matter [2016] 1 SLR 779, where the Court of Appeal (at [80])
classified the doctrine under the “illegality” head of review. MP Jain, in
Administrative Law of Malaysia and Singapore (LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2011)
observed (at pp 419–420) that:

It is the function of courts to assess whether an authority has taken into
account irrelevant considerations, or ignored relevant considerations, in
making orders in the exercise of its discretion. Interpretation of statutes is
a judicial function. Therefore, it is the courts which can determine whether
administrative power conferred by an [act] has been exercised for relevant or
irrelevant reasons. This gives an additional dimension to judicial review.

If the statute itself spells out the criteria which must be taken into account
in exercising power, then the courts’ task is relatively straightforward: they
have only to assess whether the statutory considerations have been applied and
others not taken into account. But, usually, statutes are not sufficiently
explicit. A statute may confer power almost in unlimited terms without
spelling out the criteria for its exercise. In such a case, the courts may, by
looking into the purpose of the statute, assess whether relevant or irrelevant
considerations have been applied by the authority. As the House of Lords
emphasised in [Padfield], the legislature confers discretion on an authority
intending it should be used to promote the policy and objectives of the
[relevant act], and these must be determined by construing the [relevant act]
as a whole. …

44 Having found that the Broad Interpretation is the correct one (see [30]
above), it follows that the RA had misdirected himself in a point of law and
ACG’s Issues were relevant considerations that he had failed to take into
account. Accordingly, the Adjudication Review Determination must be set aside
on this basis.

45 My conclusion is furthermore reinforced by a number of decisions of the New
South Wales Supreme Court which were cited by ACG and which have applied the
doctrine in the context of the NSW Act. In Joseph Musico (aka Giuseppe
Musico), Rosemary Musico, Luigi Genua and Rose Genua v Philip Davenport and
Grosvenor Constructions (NSW) Pty Ltd [Administrators appointed] [2003] NSWSC
977, the court referred (at [50]) to the following passage from Craig v The
State of South Australia (1995) 184 CLR 163 (“Craig”) (at 179):

… If such an administrative tribunal falls into an error of law which causes
it to identify a wrong issue, to ask itself a wrong question, to ignore
relevant material, to rely on irrelevant material or, at least in some
circumstances, to make an erroneous finding or to reach a mistaken conclusion,
and the tribunal's exercise or purported exercise of power is thereby
affected, it exceeds its authority or powers. Such an error of law is
jurisdictional error which will invalidate any order or decision of the
tribunal which reflects it.

The court then went on to state as follows (at [52]):

I therefore conclude that, where the determination of a dispute submitted to
an adjudicator under the [NSW] Act requires the adjudicator to consider issues
of law, the adjudicator will not fall into jurisdictional error simply because
he or she makes an error of law in the consideration and determination of
those issues. It would be otherwise, as the High Court pointed out in [Craig]
(echoing, I think, what Lord Reid said in [Anisminic]), if the error of law
causes the adjudicator to make one or other (or more) of the jurisdictional
errors that the court identified: in such a case, relief would lie, subject to
any relevant discretionary considerations.

46 A similar approach was taken in Multiplex Constructions Pty Limited v Jan
Luikens and Lahey Detailed Joinery Pty Ltd [2003] NSWSC 1140, where it was
held (at [34]) that relief will be granted where an adjudicator’s
determination is the result of jurisdictional error, which will arise where,
for example, the adjudicator’s decision, inter alia, did not take into account
something which the NSW Act required to be taken into account or was based
upon something which the NSW Act prohibited from being taken into account.

Conclusion

47 In these premises, the Adjudication Review Determination is set aside, with
costs to be paid by CR to ACG. Costs are to be taxed if not agreed.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Edwin Lee, Yong Boon On, Jasmine Chan and Amanda Koh (Eldan Law LLP) for the
applicant;  
Chuah Chee Kian Christopher, Tan Li Hsiang Pamela, Chen Hong Lynn and Jin Shan
(WongPartnership LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

