Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGCA 69

Criminal Appeal No 26 of 2016

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

BDB  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Criminal Case No 20 of 2016

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

BDB  
---  
  
Grounds of Decision

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Grievous Hurt]

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Children and Young Persons Act] —
[Ill-treatment of child or young person]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

BDB

[2017] SGCA 69

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeal No 26 of 2016  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Tay Yong Kwang JA and Steven Chong JA  
6 July 2017

29 November 2017

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal stemmed from a tragic case. Over a period of more than two
years, the respondent, BDB (“the Respondent”), repeatedly abused her own
child. On the last of these occasions, the child was abused to such an extent
that he died. This tragedy was exacerbated by the fact that the abuse
continued even after the involvement of the Child Protective Service (“the
CPS”) of the Ministry of Social and Family Development (“the MSF”) when the
matter was first brought to the attention of the authorities. The Respondent
was separated from the child for a time thereafter, but she later regained
custody of the child and then continued to ill-treat him and engage in a
pattern of conduct that can only be described as cruel.

2 Following investigations carried out after the child’s death, the Respondent
was charged under s 325 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) with
voluntarily causing grievous hurt to the child, and under s 5 of the Children
and Young Persons Act (Cap 38, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the CYPA”) with ill-treating
him. She pleaded guilty before a High Court judge (“the Judge”), who meted out
an aggregate sentence of eight years’ imprisonment: see Public Prosecutor v
BDB [2016] 5 SLR 1232 (“the GD”). The sole question in this appeal by the
Prosecution was whether that sentence was manifestly inadequate. At the
conclusion of the oral arguments, we allowed the Prosecution’s appeal and gave
our brief reasons. We indicated that we would elaborate on those reasons and
furnish our detailed grounds of decision in due course. This, we now do.

3 In these grounds, we examine the relevant sentencing principles for violent
offences against children and young persons that lead to serious injury or
death. Many, if not most, of these cases have resulted in charges being
brought not for culpable homicide, but for voluntarily causing grievous hurt
under s 322 of the Penal Code and punishable under s 325 of that Act, and/or
for ill-treating a child or young person under s 5(1) read with s 5(5)(b) of
the CYPA. We therefore consider the prevailing sentencing precedents for these
two offences. We then set out the approach that should guide the courts in
this context. In that light, we explain our decision in this appeal. We also
urge, in a closing coda, legislative reform to afford the courts the power to
impose enhanced penalties for certain offences against vulnerable victims, in
particular, children and young persons, in view of their heinous nature.

The factual background

The Respondent and the charges against her

4 The Respondent is a 35-year-old female Singaporean. At the time of her
arrest on 2 August 2014, she was residing at a flat in Eunos Crescent (“the
Eunos flat”) with her two children, a seven-year-old daughter (“P”) and a
four-year-old son (“A”), who was the victim of the abuse.

5 A total of six charges, two under s 325 of the Penal Code and four under s 5
of the CYPA, were brought against the Respondent. The Prosecution eventually
proceeded with only the two s 325 charges (the first and sixth charges) and
two of the CYPA charges (the third and fourth charges), with the remaining two
CYPA charges (the second and fifth charges) taken into consideration for
sentencing purposes. The four charges which were proceeded with read as
follows:

That you, [BDB],

1st Charge

on 1 August 2014, at [the Eunos flat], did cause grievous hurt to [A], to wit,
by doing the following:

1) Using your hands to push him on his chest area several times which resulted
in him falling and hitting his head on the ground;

2) Using your legs to step on his knees;

3) Using your right hand to choke him; and

4) Pushing your right hand against his neck until he was lifted off the
ground,

which caused the said [A] to subsequently die from head injuries, and you have
thereby committed an offence punishable under section 325 of the Penal Code …
.

…

3rd Charge

on the afternoon of 30 July 2014, at [the Eunos flat], being a person who has
custody of a child, namely, [A], male, 4 years old at the time of the
incident, did ill-treat the said child, to wit, by using both hands to push
him between his shoulder and chest area which resulted in him falling
backwards and hitting the back of his head against the television console
table, and you have thereby committed an offence under section 5(1) of the
[CYPA], and punishable under section 5(5)(b) of the said Act.

4th Charge

sometime at night on 30 July 2014, at [the Eunos flat], being a person who has
custody of a child, namely, [A], male, 4 years old at the time of the
incident, did ill-treat the said child, to wit, by kicking him at his waist
area and stepping on his stomach with both of your feet for a few seconds
after he fell, and you have thereby committed an offence under section 5(1) of
the [CYPA], and punishable under section 5(5)(b) of the said Act.

…

6th Charge

sometime in March 2012, at [the Eunos flat], did cause grievous hurt to [A],
to wit, by doing the following:

1) Using your hands to push him and stepping on his ribs after he fell to the
floor; and

2) Twisting and pulling his hand,

which caused the said [A] to sustain fractures to his left elbow, left calf,
and his right 8th – 11th ribs, [and] you have thereby committed an offence
punishable under section 325 of the Penal Code … .

6 The two CYPA charges which were taken into consideration for sentencing
purposes concerned, respectively, an incident on 31 July 2014 in which the
Respondent pushed A and caused him to fall (the second charge), and an
incident sometime in June 2014 in which the Respondent lifted A by the neck
before dropping him to the ground (the fifth charge).

7 We set out below the events relating to the four charges which were
proceeded with.

The events relating to the charges proceeded with

The first reported instance of abuse in March 2012 (the facts relating to the
sixth charge)

8 Chronologically, the events which gave rise to the sixth charge were the
first to occur. Sometime in March 2012, when A was just two years and five
months old, the Respondent was trying to teach him the alphabet. When he did
not or could not follow her instructions, she became irritated with him and
pushed him. Following further instructions that A failed to comply with, the
Respondent pushed him a second time, causing him to fall to the floor. The
Respondent then stepped on his ribs. Shortly after this, A asked if he could
do some drawing. The Respondent gave him some paper, but A scribbled on the
sofa instead. The Respondent became angry, and twisted and pulled A’s hand
very hard.

9 On 12 March 2012, the Respondent brought A to KK Women’s and Children’s
Hospital (“KK Hospital”), where he was admitted from 12 March to 2 April 2012.
At the hospital, the Respondent lied and claimed that A’s injuries were a
consequence of his having fallen twice: once down a flight of stairs at home
the day before, and prior to that, in the playground two weeks earlier. A was
found to have multiple fractures (on his left elbow, left calf and right
eighth to eleventh ribs), haematomas on his forehead and the back of his head,
several small healing bruises on various parts of his body, as well as other
healed linear scars on his lower legs and lower abdomen. Developmental
assessment also revealed a moderate level of expressive and receptive speech
delay.

The involvement of the CPS

10 Arising from this incident, which was also the first reported instance of
the Respondent’s abuse of A, A was referred to the MSF for suspected non-
accidental injuries. The CPS investigated A’s case and interviewed the
Respondent, as well as A’s father and P. Upon A’s discharge from KK Hospital
on 2 April 2012, he was initially placed in the care of foster caregivers
identified by the CPS. Three months later, on 2 July 2012, A was placed under
the care of his maternal uncle and the latter’s wife (“the maternal
relatives”), who were assessed to be suitable for this purpose.

11 A few months later, in November 2012, the Respondent and P moved in to live
with the maternal relatives and A. The CPS noted that during this period, no
recurrence of abuse was reported. With no evident child protection concerns,
the CPS treated the case as closed on 5 February 2014.

The move to the Eunos flat

12 Sometime in the first half of 2014, the Respondent and her two children
moved to the Eunos flat. It appears that this came about because of pressure
from the maternal relatives, who were unhappy that there were too many people
living at their home.

Ill-treatment in July 2014 (the facts relating to the third and fourth
charges)

13 The abuse of A resumed shortly after the move to the Eunos flat. On 30 July
2014, the Respondent pushed A while they were at the Eunos flat, causing him
to fall backwards and hit the back of his head against a television console
table. This transpired evidently because the Respondent became angry and
frustrated over A’s failure to recite certain numbers that she had asked him
to.

14 Later in the evening on the same day, the Respondent kicked A in the waist
area. A had upset the Respondent because he had moved his bowels on the floor.
After A fell as a result of being kicked, the Respondent stood on his stomach
with both of her feet for a few seconds before stepping away. These two
incidents on 30 July 2014 formed the factual backdrop of, respectively, the
third and fourth charges.

The events on 1 August 2014 which resulted in A’s death (the facts relating to
the first charge)

15 Two days later, on 1 August 2014, the Respondent and A returned home
shortly after noon after A had finished school for the day. Only the
Respondent and A were present in the Eunos flat at the time. The Respondent
asked A to recite some numbers in English and Malay, but he could not do so in
Malay. Angry and disappointed, the Respondent shouted at A. She then ignored
him for some time.

16 Meanwhile, A went to take a nap. He was awakened at about 4.30pm and was
asked by the Respondent once again to recite the numbers in Malay. When he was
unable to do so, the Respondent became agitated and pushed him on his chest.
He fell backwards and hit his head on the floor. He stood up and tried to
recite the numbers, but was unsuccessful. The Respondent then ignored A and
walked towards the kitchen, with A following her and attempting to recite the
numbers yet again. The Respondent turned and pushed A again on his chest,
causing him to fall and hit his head on the ground again. The Respondent then
stepped on A’s knees with both legs repeatedly three or four times.

17 As it was approaching the time for the Respondent to fetch P home from
school, she ordered A to shower and change after she had finished bathing.
While the Respondent was in the shower, A stood outside and continued to
recite the numbers wrongly. The Respondent ignored him and went to her room to
change after her shower. While she was in her room, she heard A slamming the
cover of the toilet bowl. She went to ask A what he was doing in the bathroom,
but he did not answer. Instead, he continued mumbling the numbers. Frustrated,
the Respondent choked A on his neck using her right hand and pushed him to the
floor.

18 The Respondent then left A, went to the living room and told A that she did
not want to hear him reciting the numbers anymore. She also told A that he
could either accompany her to fetch P home from school or stay at home. A
indicated that he wanted to accompany her. She thus went to take her handbag
from her room. By then, it was about 6.10pm. When the Respondent came out of
her room, A was still not ready to leave and was still reciting the numbers.
In anger, the Respondent choked A again by pushing her right hand against his
neck and lifting him off the ground with his back against the wall. Seeing
that A was gasping for air, the Respondent let go and A fell to the floor. At
this point, A was no longer moving. The Respondent carried him to the sofa,
but found him weak and unresponsive.

19 At 6.35pm, the Respondent called her sister-in-law for assistance and asked
her to go over to the Eunos flat. She made the call from the void deck of her
block of flats because she could not find her mobile phone. On her way back to
the Eunos flat, she met her 14-year-old neighbour at the lift lobby and asked
the latter for help. The neighbour arrived at the flat and noticed A lying
face up on the sofa. Despite his eyes being open, he was unresponsive. The
neighbour managed to detect his pulse and also noticed bruises on his chest.
The Respondent told the neighbour that A had fallen and hit his head on the
floor. The neighbour advised her to call an ambulance.

20 At around 6.50pm, the Respondent’s sister-in-law arrived and noticed that
A’s mouth was filled with foam. She also noticed reddish marks on his neck, a
reddish bump on his forehead and a very big bump on the back of his head. She
and the Respondent rushed A to a nearby clinic. After an initial examination,
A was conveyed by ambulance to Changi General Hospital (“CGH”), where he
underwent an emergency craniotomy and evacuation of a subdural blood clot (a
blood clot in the space between the skull and the brain). Apart from his head
injuries, various bruises on A’s body at different stages of healing were
observed. After the operation, A was transferred from CGH to KK Hospital for
further management the next day, 2 August 2014. There, he remained in a
critical condition and was put on life support. He subsequently developed
further complications. A conference was held with his family members, who
decided to take him off life support in view of the poor prognosis. A
eventually passed away on 5 August 2014 at 4.10pm.

21 In the autopsy report, A’s cause of death was identified as “head injury”
consisting of bruising of the scalp, a skull fracture and left subdural
haemorrhage. The forensic pathologist concluded that the head injury had been
caused by blunt force trauma.

Psychiatric evaluation of the Respondent

22 After her arrest on 2 August 2014, the Respondent was first examined by Dr
Subhash Gupta (“Dr Gupta”), a consultant with the General and Forensic
Psychiatry Division of the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”). In his report
dated 2 September 2014, Dr Gupta opined that although the Respondent had
several “personality aberrations”, these did not amount to a recognisable
mental disorder and the Respondent was therefore fit to plead. Dr Gupta also
noted that the Respondent’s personality aberrations, which he listed as
“recurrent suspicions regarding [the] sexual fidelity of [her] spouse/partner,
tendency to act impulsively, very low tolerance [for] frustration, a low
threshold for discharge of aggression, and marked proneness to blame others”,
made her more likely than others to cope maladaptively when faced with
stressful situations.

23 Dr Tommy Tan (“Dr Tan”), the defence expert from Novena Psychiatry Clinic,
subsequently examined the Respondent. In his report dated 3 May 2015, he
opined that the Respondent suffered from both Asperger’s Syndrome and Major
Depressive Disorder (“MDD”) of peri-partum onset. Dr Gupta considered Dr Tan’s
report and issued a clarification report dated 16 February 2016 in which he
provided his response to Dr Tan’s report. In essence, Dr Gupta concluded that
the Respondent did not suffer from either disorder at or around the time of
the offences.

24 The Prosecution and the Defence subsequently agreed to have the Respondent
examined by Dr Sajith Sreedharan Geetha (“Dr Geetha”), another doctor at the
IMH and a specialist in autism spectrum disorders including Asperger’s
Syndrome. Dr Geetha was only asked to opine on whether the Respondent suffered
from Asperger’s Syndrome, and his conclusion was that she did not.

The proceedings and the decision below

25 The Respondent was charged as stated at [5] above, and pleaded guilty on 28
March 2016 to the four charges which the Prosecution proceeded with. The Judge
ordered a Newton hearing to ascertain the Respondent’s psychiatric state at
the material time as he considered that this would have a significant bearing
on the sentence that should be imposed. The Judge also directed Dr Gupta and
Dr Tan to interview more witnesses so that both psychiatrists would, as far as
possible, be on an equal footing in terms of the number of witnesses they had
interviewed and the information that they had access to. Dr Gupta and Dr Tan
did as directed, but did not change their initial views. During the Newton
hearing, a joint session involving all three experts was conducted. At the end
of the Newton hearing, the Judge sentenced the Respondent on 29 July 2016 to
an aggregate term of eight years’ imprisonment.

26 The aggravating factors which the Judge took into account in arriving at
his decision were: (a) the young age of A; (b) the relationship between the
Respondent and A; (c) the severity of A’s injuries; and (d) the multitude of
acts of violence involved in each of the incidents that formed the subject
matter of a charge. Noting that these factors “already presented themselves in
the precedent cases” [emphasis in original], the Judge held that there was no
basis for imposing on the Respondent a sentence harsher than the range of
sentences imposed in those cases (see the GD at [24]).

27 Before turning to the mitigating factors which, in his view, were absent
from the precedent cases and warranted a lower sentence in the Respondent’s
case, the Judge addressed the Prosecution’s submission that “the foremost
sentencing principles in this case were deterrence and retribution” (see the
GD at [25]). He accepted that retribution was a relevant sentencing principle.
However, he did not accept that specific deterrence was a sentencing principle
that could feature heavily in the present case because the Respondent had
committed the offences “out of anger and [on] the spur of the moment” (see the
GD at [25]–[27]). He took the view that where the offences were “crimes of
passion”, it would generally be inappropriate to invoke deterrence as a
relevant sentencing consideration (see the GD at [27]).

28 The Judge then analysed the mitigating factors which he considered
relevant, namely: (a) the Respondent’s psychiatric condition; (b) her
inability to cope with stressful situations; and (c) her remorse (see the GD
at [28]). With regard to the Respondent’s psychiatric condition, the Judge
found that the Respondent was not suffering from either Asperger’s Syndrome or
MDD at the time of the offences. He preferred Dr Gupta’s evidence on the issue
of Asperger’s Syndrome; and on the issue of MDD, he held that there was
insufficient evidence to establish that the Respondent was suffering from this
condition at the material time (see the GD at [30]–[32]). However, he also
found that the Respondent had personality aberrations which had “a clear and
unmistakable causal link” with her offending conduct (see the GD at [35]), and
considered that mitigating weight should be accorded to these personality
aberrations.

29 In respect of the Respondent’s inability to cope with stressful situations,
the Judge noted that the offences had been committed at a time when the
Respondent was left to take care of A by herself after moving to the Eunos
flat. Prior to the move, the Respondent had had the help of various family
members (such as the maternal relatives) in looking after A. Although the
exact time when the Respondent moved to the Eunos flat in the first half of
2014 was disputed by the parties, the Judge did not consider this to be
important. He highlighted the fact that the Respondent had been taking care of
A on her own at the material time in July 2014 (see the GD at [41]), and
considered that her ability to cope with all that being A’s primary caregiver
entailed was not dependent on the length of time which she had had to adjust
to her new living circumstances at the Eunos flat. The Judge took this view
essentially because he did not think the Respondent’s personality aberrations
would change with the passage of time. He considered that these personality
aberrations, coupled with the Respondent’s inability to bond with A, had
mitigating value. He also regarded the Respondent’s financial and social
problems as stress-inducing factors that aggravated her personality
aberrations. In all the circumstances, the Judge concluded that the Respondent
was unable to cope with her situation and this mitigated her culpability (see
the GD at [42] and [44]).

30 The Judge imposed a sentence of seven years’ imprisonment for the first
charge and two years’ imprisonment for the sixth charge as he considered that
the latter “involved harm of a considerably less serious nature” than the
former (see the GD at [54]–[55]). As for the two CYPA charges, he imposed
imprisonment terms of six months and one year for the third and fourth charges
respectively (see the GD at [56]–[57]). The Judge ordered the sentence for the
fourth charge to run consecutively with that for the first charge, with the
rest of the sentences to run concurrently. The aggregate term of imprisonment
imposed was thus eight years, and this was backdated to 2 August 2014, the
date of the Respondent’s arrest (see the GD at [62]).

The parties’ arguments on appeal

31 The Prosecution appealed on the ground that the Judge erred in law in his
approach to determining the appropriate sentences. There were several aspects
to its argument. The Prosecution contended, first, that mitigating weight
should not have been accorded to the Respondent’s personality aberrations,
and, second, that it was wrong to disregard deterrence as a relevant
sentencing consideration because, among other things, the Respondent’s
offences were not “crimes of passion”. Third, the Prosecution submitted that
the Judge erred in placing little weight on several aggravating factors which
were relevant. Fourth, the Prosecution argued that the aggregate sentence of
eight years’ imprisonment was manifestly inadequate because it was not
commensurate with the sentencing precedents in cases involving violence
against a young child that resulted in death. The Prosecution sought the
following sentences in place of those imposed by the Judge:

(a) for the first charge, at least eight years’ imprisonment;

(b) for the third charge, at least 12 months’ imprisonment;

(c) for the fourth charge, at least 18 months’ imprisonment; and

(d) for the sixth charge, at least four years’ imprisonment.

The Prosecution further submitted that the Judge should have ordered the
sentences for the first, fourth and sixth charges to run consecutively, and
sought an aggregate sentence of at least 12 years’ imprisonment.

32 As against this, the Respondent’s counsel submitted that the Judge
correctly appreciated the relevant mitigating factors, and contended that the
aggregate sentence of eight years’ imprisonment was sufficient and reasonable
because it adequately reflected the gravity of the Respondent’s wrongdoing.
While each mitigating factor, considered individually, might not have
warranted a reduced sentence, an unfortunate concatenation of factors
contributed to the significant pressure which the Respondent faced at the time
of the offences. These factors were: (a) the Respondent’s personality
aberrations; (b) her inability to cope and bond with A; (c) her financial and
social problems; and (d) the lack of support which she encountered in caring
for A. The Respondent’s offences were, as the Judge rightly found, committed
“out of anger and ‘in moments of hot-blooded irrationality’” [emphasis in
original]. The sentencing considerations of general and specific deterrence
should therefore not feature significantly in the present case.

The relevant sentencing principles

33 We first deal with the relevant sentencing principles before we turn to
explain the reasons for our decision in this appeal.

Offences involving abuse of vulnerable victims

34 The law recognises the special need to protect certain groups of vulnerable
persons, such as the handicapped, the incapacitated, children and the elderly.
An offender’s culpability will generally be viewed as enhanced where the
victim is vulnerable. This is because the offender will, in such
circumstances, be seen as exploiting or taking advantage of a relatively
helpless person. In general, the more vulnerable the victim, the more culpable
the offender: see Andrew Ashworth, Sentencing and Criminal Justice (Cambridge
University Press, 6th Ed, 2015) at pp 168–169. Our own sentencing
jurisprudence has long emphasised that the victim’s vulnerability is a
significant aggravating consideration in sentencing: see Purwanti Parji v
Public Prosecutor [2005] 2 SLR(R) 220 at [30] and Public Prosecutor v Teo Chee
Seng [2005] 3 SLR(R) 250 (“Teo Chee Seng”) at [9].

35 In the specific context of violence against children, in Public Prosecutor
v AFR [2011] 3 SLR 833 (“AFR”), we made it clear to all parents and caregivers
that such violence would not be tolerated and would be met with the full force
of the law (at [12]). We also observed in the earlier decision of Public
Prosecutor v UI [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500 (“UI”), in the context of the sexual abuse
of young victims, that (at [33]):

The ultimate relationship of trust and authority is that between a parent and
his or her child. There exists between them a human relationship in which the
parent has a moral obligation to look after and care for the child. In our
view, the level of confidence and trust that a child naturally reposes in his
or her parent entails that a parent who betrays that trust and harms the child
stands at the furthest end of the spectrum of guilt … [emphasis in original in
italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

In our judgment, these observations apply with equal force to the distinct but
closely analogous situation of physical abuse of children.

36 By maintaining an uncompromising stance against offenders who abuse
vulnerable victims, several objectives may be served. First, this helps to
deter other like-minded members of the public, as was observed in Public
Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 (“Law Aik Meng”) at [24(b)] and
AFR at [12] and [30]. Second, by denouncing such conduct through the
imposition of stiff sentences, we give expression to public outrage at the
fact that the offenders in question have taken advantage of their victims’
vulnerability: see Kow Keng Siong, Sentencing Principles in Singapore (Academy
Publishing, 2009) (“Sentencing Principles in Singapore”) at para 16.060.
Third, the sentencing consideration of retribution is engaged in cases where
serious violence is inflicted on a vulnerable victim. Fourth, imposing a
severe sentence in such cases helps to ensure that the punishment is
proportionate to the offender’s culpability: see AFR at [32].

37 Among vulnerable victims, young victims are notable for several reasons.
More often than not, there will be a gross physical disparity at play, and as
a result, the victims will often be defenceless and unable to protect
themselves. Moreover, the abuse will often be inflicted by parents or
guardians abusing their position of trust and authority, and this makes the
abuse difficult to detect and prevent. As a consequence, the abuse can
continue over a sustained period of time, resulting in the accumulation of
injuries with grievous consequences. For this reason, deterrence is an
especially weighty consideration in offences against young victims. Indeed,
when a child is abused by a person who is entrusted with the care of that
child, this is itself a further aggravating factor: see Public Prosecutor v
Firdaus bin Abdullah [2010] 3 SLR 225 (“Firdaus”) at [19]. Violent acts
against children are particularly odious when they are committed within the
setting of a familial relationship because they destroy the bonds of trust and
interdependency that exist between family members: see Public Prosecutor v
Luan Yuanxin [2002] 1 SLR(R) 613 at [17] and UI at [33].

38 The most severe cases of abuse of young victims are those resulting in the
death of the victim. Many of these cases have been prosecuted not under the
culpable homicide provisions found in the Penal Code (namely, ss 299 and 300),
but rather, under s 325 for voluntarily causing grievous hurt. Despite the
multitude of aggravating circumstances that are commonly found in these cases,
a review of the relevant precedents reveals that in the most serious of these
cases, where a young victim’s death was caused by a parent or caregiver, the
aggregate imprisonment sentence imposed for the various charges brought
against the offender under s 325 of the Penal Code (and, where applicable, s 5
of the CYPA) ranged from only seven to 12 years. We examine these sentencing
precedents more closely below.

The sentencing framework for cases prosecuted under s 325 of the Penal Code

39 Where grievous hurt is voluntarily caused, the offence is typically
prosecuted under s 325 of the Penal Code, as opposed to under s 323, which
deals generally with cases where simple hurt is voluntarily caused. The
following kinds of hurt are deemed “grievous” under s 320 of the Penal Code:

(a) emasculation;

(aa) death;

(b) permanent privation of the sight of either eye;

(c) permanent privation of the hearing of either ear;

(d) privation of any member or joint;

(e) destruction or permanent impairing of the powers of any member or joint;

(f) permanent disfiguration of the head or face;

(g) fracture or dislocation of a bone;

(h) any hurt which endangers life, or which causes the sufferer to be, during
the space of 20 days, in severe bodily pain, or unable to follow his ordinary
pursuits;

(i) penetration of the vagina or anus, as the case may be, of a person without
that person’s consent, which causes severe bodily pain.

40 A charge of voluntarily causing grievous hurt is much more serious than one
of voluntarily causing simple hurt simply because the injuries contemplated
under s 320 of the Penal Code are serious and debilitating, and extend even to
death. Unsurprisingly, the permitted sentencing range in s 325 is more severe
than that in s 323, and extends to imprisonment of up to ten years and may
also include a fine or caning. As against this, the prescribed sentencing
range for voluntarily causing simple hurt is imprisonment of up to two years
or a fine of up to $5,000, or both.

41 As stated in Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts (LexisNexis, 3rd
Ed, 2013) (“Sentencing Practice”) at p 266, the facts and circumstances of
each offence of voluntarily causing grievous hurt vary considerably, and each
case must be evaluated based on its own particular facts:

The different forms of grievous hurt vary in their seriousness. For example,
permanent privation of sight or a bodily part would be more serious than a
simple fracture. The Penal Code (Amendment) Act [(Act 51 of 2007)] expanded
the definition of ‘grievous hurt’ by including ‘death’ and ‘penetration of the
vagina or anus’ as categories of grievous hurt. Clearly, where death has been
caused …, the imposition of a higher sentence must be considered. In general,
the factors that would dominate sentence are the degree of deliberation; the
extent and duration of the attack; the nature of the injury; and the use of a
weapon (the dangerousness of it). The obvious aggravating factors would be
premeditation, a lengthy application of violence, group assault, significant
injuries, permanence of injuries, the use of a weapon, a young or otherwise
vulnerable victim, abuse of position, and previous convictions … [emphasis
added]

42 In a similar vein, C K Thakker et al, Ratanlal & Dhirajlal’s Law of Crimes:
A Commentary on the Indian Penal Code, 1860 (Bharat Law House, 27th Ed, 2013)
states that the sentence to be imposed for voluntarily causing grievous hurt
should vary according to the seriousness of the injury (at vol 2, p 2088).
This stands to reason given the wide range of injuries that may bring an
offence within the ambit of s 325 of the Penal Code. The seriousness of the
hurt or injury caused to the victim is thus a primary indicator of the
seriousness of the offence in determining the appropriate sentence.

The sentencing precedents

43 Before we analyse some of the sentencing precedents under s 325 of the
Penal Code involving offenders who inflicted physical violence on young
victims, we observe that written grounds explaining the sentences imposed were
not issued in most of them (see, eg, the cases discussed at [48], [49] and
[53] below). It follows that their precedential value will be limited: see
Keeping Mark John v Public Prosecutor [2017] SGHC 170 at [18] and Public
Prosecutor v Lim Cheng Ji Alvin [2017] SGHC 183 at [13]. Subject to this, we
consider the precedents in two broad categories below: cases where death was
caused, and cases where non-fatal serious injury was caused.

(1) Cases where death was caused

44 Of the three cases that we considered in which the victim died, written
grounds are available only for Firdaus, and it is to this that we first turn.

45 In Firdaus, a three-year-old child was severely beaten on 14 January 2008
by his mother’s boyfriend, who was his caregiver and guardian when his mother
was not around. At the time of the offence, the child’s mother was not present
and the offender was thus charged with taking care of the child. The offender
lost his temper over the child’s persistent crying despite his attempts to
placate the child. The offender shouted at the child and asked the child why
he was so naughty. When the offender pointed to a wall that he had previously
ordered the child to stand in front of as a form of punishment, the child
cried even louder. The offender hit and slapped the child, all the while
shouting at the child to stop. When the child still did not stop crying, the
offender punched the child repeatedly in the face and jabbed upwards at the
child’s chin before grabbing the child by the mouth with his hand, lifting him
off the ground and slamming his head into a wall. This head injury led to
intracranial haemorrhage that eventually caused the child’s death. This
incident formed the basis of a charge of voluntarily causing grievous hurt
under s 325 of the previous revised edition of the Penal Code (namely, the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the 1985 edition of the Penal Code”)). The
offender also faced two other charges under s 5(1) of the CYPA: one for
grabbing, shaking and biting the child’s penis on the same day, and one for
punching the child in the head with great force two days earlier.

46 For the s 325 charge, the trial judge imposed a sentence of six years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane. On appeal, Chan Sek Keong CJ enhanced
this sentence and imposed the then maximum term of seven years’ imprisonment
and 12 strokes of the cane. Chan CJ noted (at [19]) that the fact that the
victim was a young child meant that he was particularly vulnerable because he
was defenceless, and this was treated as an aggravating factor. Chan CJ also
stated (at [18]) that where death, which was “generally the most serious
consequence of any offence”, was caused, the imposition of the maximum
sentence might be warranted:

Death, it goes without saying, is generally the most serious consequence of
any offence and may warrant the imposition of a maximum sentence: see, for
instance, PP v Fazely bin Rahmat [2003] 2 SLR(R) 184, where the (then) maximum
sentence under s 325 of the Penal Code of seven years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane was imposed for each of the two offenders convicted of
causing grievous hurt to a victim for an assault (together with other gang
members) on the victim which [led] to his death. But the consequence of death
alone would not attract the maximum sentence without more. Factors such as the
manner in which the death was caused, the relationship between the offender
and the victim, the offender’s state of mind or the offender’s motives would
also go towards the weighing of whether this particular instance fell within
the worst category of cases for the offence in question. [emphasis added]

47 Having regard to the nature of the injuries caused, the circumstances in
which they were inflicted (including the fact that the offender had intended
to cause physical harm to the child and had in fact caused the child’s death
when he should have been caring for his welfare), the offender’s lack of
remorse and the absence of mitigating factors, Chan CJ was satisfied that the
case before him fell into “the worst category of cases of causing grievous
hurt” and accordingly imposed the maximum sentence for the s 325 charge (at
[22]).

48 Next, we briefly consider Public Prosecutor v Mohd Azhar Bin Ghapar
District Arrest Cases Nos 53650 of 2010 and others (“Mohd Azhar”), which was
cited by the Prosecution. We do not regard this case as a useful precedent not
only because of the absence of detailed grounds, but also because the
sentences imposed did not differentiate between the varying degrees of
seriousness of the injuries caused in the incidents that were the subject
matter of separate charges against the offender. In Mohd Azhar, the offender
faced, among other charges, two charges under s 325 of the Penal Code for
voluntarily causing grievous hurt to his girlfriend’s two-year-old child. The
offending conduct that was the subject matter of one of the s 325 charges
resulted in the child suffering an acute subdural haematoma which, in the
event, ended her life. In respect of the other s 325 charge, the injuries
inflicted were fractures of the child’s ribs. Despite the patent difference in
the seriousness of the injuries, the district judge imposed the identical
sentence of seven years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane for each of
the s 325 charges. In our judgment, this could not be correct in law, and for
this reason, we also did not think the decision could have any precedential
value.

49 Lastly, there is the more recent decision of Public Prosecutor v Zaidah and
Zaini Bin Jamari District Arrest Cases Nos 942245 of 2015 and others (“Zaidah
& Zaini”). This too is a sentencing decision without written grounds and so
has little, if any, precedential weight. However, this decision does
demonstrate that a sentence at the highest end of the permitted range of
punishment may be warranted where the abuse leads to the death of the victim.
The victim in Zaidah & Zaini was a two-year-old child in the custody of his
mother, the first accused, and under the care of his mother’s boyfriend, the
second accused. Each offender faced, along with numerous charges of ill-
treatment under s 5(1) of the CYPA, one charge under s 325 of the Penal Code
for the physical abuse that led to the child’s death from a head injury. For
the s 325 charge, the first accused was sentenced to nine years’ imprisonment,
while the second accused was sentenced to eight years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane. Presumably, the difference between the two offenders’
imprisonment sentences was to account for the 12 strokes of the cane that the
first accused was exempted from by reason of s 325(1)(a) of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”).

(2) Cases where non-fatal serious injury was caused

50 We turn now to examine the cases prosecuted under s 325 of the Penal Code
where non-fatal serious injury was caused. We tabulate these cases below for
ease of reference:

S/N| Case| Injury| Imprisonment sentence for s 325 charge  
---|---|---|---  
1| Foo Ah Choo v Public Prosecutor Magistrate’s Appeal No 384 of 1992 (“Foo Ah
Choo”)| Perforations in stomach; injuries on forehead, cheek, abdomen, back
and limbs; three teeth broken| Two years imposed by trial judge (offender’s
appeal dismissed and sentence enhanced to three years and six months)  
2| Cindy Chandra v Public Prosecutor Magistrate’s Appeal No 293 of 1996
(“Cindy Chandra”)| Severe internal head injuries; mental retardation and
visual loss| Four years (offender’s appeal withdrawn)  
3| Public Prosecutor v Muhammad Yusof Bin Bachok District Arrest Cases Nos
942168 of 2016 and others| Fracture of right rib, among 29 distinct injuries;
hospitalisation for 20 days| Six years  
4| Public Prosecutor v Franklie Tan Guang Wei [2016] SGDC 263 (“Franklie
Tan”); Magistrate’s Appeal No 9222 of 2016| Skull fracture and brain
haemorrhage that necessitated emergency brain surgery to save child’s life;
neurosurgical follow-up treatment for up to two years| Six years (offender’s
appeal dismissed)  
  
51 The first two cases in the above table involved offences prosecuted under s
325 of the 1985 edition of the Penal Code, which (as noted earlier) prescribed
a maximum imprisonment term of seven years, while the last two cases were
prosecuted under s 325 of the present edition of the Penal Code, which
provides for a maximum imprisonment term of ten years.

52 We make three observations. First, the imprisonment sentences that were
imposed in these cases ranged from three years and six months under the
previous sentencing regime to six years under the present sentencing regime.

53 Second, we do not find the older cases relevant or helpful for sentencing
purposes. For one thing, they are decisions without any evident reasoning to
explain the court’s considerations, and were decided more than 20 years ago
(indeed, 25 years ago in the case of Foo Ah Choo) under a different sentencing
regime which prescribed a lower maximum imprisonment sentence than that which
currently applies. Further, based on the nature of the injuries sustained by
the victims in the older cases, it seems to us that the sentences imposed in
those cases might have been inadequate. For instance, in Foo Ah Choo, the
offender used canes and a slipper to assault a two-year-old child. The assault
was so severe that it caused the child to suffer a life-threatening injury in
the form of a perforated stomach. The child also had injuries on her forehead,
cheek, abdomen, back and limbs, and lost three of her teeth. In this light,
and having regard to the extreme youth and vulnerability of the victim, it
seems to us that the sentence of three years and six months (after being
enhanced on appeal) might have been inadequate. Similarly, the sentence of
four years’ imprisonment in Cindy Chandra seems to us to have been unduly
lenient having regard to the severity of the injuries suffered by the child in
that case and the permanence of the harm that was caused: the child became
mentally and visually impaired as a result of the abuse.

54 Third, we note that the trial judge’s analysis in Franklie Tan rightly
focused on the severity of the injuries suffered by the victim, who was just a
year old at the time of the offences. The judge considered it aggravating that
the injuries were “very severe” (at [10]), and inferred that considerable
force had been used when the child was pushed off the bed and landed on his
head, resulting in a skull fracture that needed emergency brain surgery. After
noting that the custodial sentences imposed in s 325 cases where the victims
died as a result of their head injuries were in the region of seven to nine
years’ imprisonment (with 12 strokes of the cane where the offenders were
male) (at [15]), the judge took into account the fact that the victim in
Franklie Tan survived and concluded that a sentence of six years’ imprisonment
and six strokes of the cane was appropriate. The offender’s appeal to the High
Court was dismissed.

Indicative starting points based on the seriousness of the injury

55 In the light of the above review of the precedents, we turn to the
sentencing approach to be taken in cases prosecuted under s 325 of the Penal
Code. The primary sentencing objective in such cases is likely to be
deterrence. Further, retribution may also be relevant as a sentencing
consideration where heinous violence has been inflicted. In our judgment, we
think that sentencing in such cases should be approached in a two-step process
as follows:

(a) First, because the seriousness of the injury caused underscores the
inherent mischief targeted by s 325, it is a good indicator of the gravity of
the offence and can guide the court in determining the indicative starting
point for sentencing.

(b) Second, after the indicative starting point has been identified, the
sentencing judge should consider the necessary adjustments upwards or
downwards based on an assessment of the offender’s culpability and the
presence of relevant aggravating and/or mitigating factors.

56 In our judgment, given the inherent mischief that underlies the offence
under s 325, and considering that a more severe sentencing range is prescribed
for this offence (compared to the offence of voluntarily causing simple hurt
under s 323) precisely because grievous hurt has been caused, the factor that
should guide the court’s determination of the indicative starting point for
sentencing should be the seriousness of the hurt caused to the victim. As we
have already noted, s 325 encompasses a broad spectrum of different forms of
grievous hurt ranging from a simple fracture to death. We do not propose to
set out a range of indicative starting points for each type of grievous hurt,
but what is relevant for present purposes is that in a case where the grievous
hurt takes the form of death (as in the case of the first charge against the
Respondent), the indicative starting point should be a term of imprisonment of
around eight years, which is close to the maximum imprisonment term of ten
years; whereas in a case where the grievous hurt takes the form of multiple
fractures of the type and gravity described in the sixth charge against the
Respondent, the indicative starting point should be a term of imprisonment of
around three years and six months. For the avoidance of doubt, we wish to make
it clear that the indicative starting point might be higher or lower depending
on the type and seriousness of the injuries caused. These indicative starting
points may then be calibrated upwards or downwards in view of the relevant
aggravating and/or mitigating factors.

57 In determining the above indicative starting points, we have taken into
account the following considerations.

58 First, as we have noted, in general, because of the importance of the
degree of harm as a sentencing consideration in grievous hurt offences under s
325 of the Penal Code, the indicative starting points should correspond to the
seriousness of the injury caused to the victims. This should be assessed along
a spectrum, having regard to considerations such as the nature and permanence
of the injury.

59 Second, the court should have regard to the full breadth of the permitted
sentencing range, and the indicative starting points should reflect this,
while allowing room for the sentencing judge to make adjustments based on the
offender’s culpability and other relevant circumstances.

60 Third, we agree with Chan CJ’s holding in Firdaus that death is generally
the most serious consequence of any offence and may warrant the imposition of
the maximum sentence in appropriate cases. Where death results from the
infliction of severe physical violence on a young victim, this would warrant a
sentence close to the statutory maximum. This is also consistent with the
court’s approach to fatal child abuse cases prosecuted under s 304(b) of the
Penal Code as culpable homicide not amounting to murder, which carries a
similar maximum imprisonment term of ten years. In s 304(b) cases that involve
parents or caregivers causing the death of young children, the period of
imprisonment imposed by our courts has generally been close to, if not set at,
the maximum imprisonment term of ten years: see for instance, Public
Prosecutor v Mohd Ismail Bin Abdullah @ Nai Henry Criminal Case No 37 of 1994
and Public Prosecutor v Devadass s/o Suppaiyah Criminal Case No 41 of 1997, in
both of which the maximum sentence of ten years’ imprisonment was imposed; see
also Teo Chee Seng and Public Prosecutor v Dwi Arti Samad Criminal Case No 12
of 2000, where seven-year and eight-year imprisonment terms were imposed
respectively. In AFR, where the offender’s 23-month-old daughter died after
the offender inflicted “disturbing brutal violence” on her, the offender’s
imprisonment term for a s 304(b) charge was enhanced on appeal from six years
to the maximum ten years, along with ten strokes of the cane.

61 The sentencing framework which we set out here is not meant to be rigidly
applied, and, as noted at [41] above, each case must be assessed based on its
own particular facts. The indicative starting points should be adjusted
according to the facts of the particular case before the sentencing judge.
This would allow sentencing judges to better calibrate sentences according to
the circumstances of each case.

Adjusting for the offender’s culpability – aggravating circumstances

62 As mentioned at [55(b)] above, the indicative starting point arrived at by
the sentencing judge should be adjusted either upwards or downwards based on
the judge’s assessment of the offender’s culpability, which entails a holistic
assessment of the relevant aggravating and/or mitigating factors. We set out
below some of the aggravating factors that would generally be relevant in this
context:

(a) the extent of deliberation or premeditation;

(b) the manner and duration of the attack;

(c) the victim’s vulnerability;

(d) the use of any weapon;

(e) whether the attack was undertaken by a group;

(f) any relevant antecedents on the offender’s part; and

(g) any prior intervention by the authorities.

(1) Deliberation or premeditation

63 Where the facts of the case demonstrate a degree of deliberation or
premeditation, the offender’s culpability would generally be increased. If a
weapon is used in the attack (see [67] below), the degree of premeditation
involved in procuring the weapon may also be relevant. In this regard, we note
that physical child abuse cases are often committed out of anger or annoyance.
The lack of premeditation in such situations may at most only amount to the
absence of an aggravating circumstance, and not the existence of a mitigating
circumstance.

(2) The manner and duration of the attack

64 The viciousness of the offender’s actions may be inferred from the
circumstances of the attack, such as the frequency and recurrence of the
attacks, and the length of time over which the attacks are carried out. The
focus here is not on the direct consequences of the attack, namely, the
injuries inflicted, since that has already been properly taken into
consideration at the first stage of the sentencing process when determining
the appropriate indicative starting point (see [55(a)] above). Rather, the
focus here is on the offender’s culpability, and this will entail an inquiry
into whether there was cruelty in the manner of the attack and whether the
victim’s agony was exacerbated by the manner in which the injuries were
inflicted. For instance, in Firdaus, the offender’s culpability was assessed
to be high considering that the offender had (among other things) punched the
three-year-old child in the face several times before grabbing him by the
mouth and slamming him into the wall. And even after that, the offender did
not stop, but instead continued to slap the child on his back.

(3) The victim’s vulnerability

65 The victim’s vulnerability is a seriously aggravating consideration. The
greater the advantage which the offender enjoys over the victim and exploits,
the greater his culpability. Such advantage need not only be physical,
although this will often be the case in the context of young victims. And such
advantage may be given additional aggravating weight where the victim’s
vulnerability is also rooted in the relationship of trust and dependence that
exists between the victim and the offender.

66 In UI, we noted (at [33]) that parents betray the ultimate relationship of
trust and authority when they abuse their children, and that for this reason,
a parent would typically receive a harsher punishment for such abuse (see [35]
above). In a similar vein, in AFR, we observed (at [15]–[16]) a difference in
sentencing between s 304(b) cases that involved parents causing the deaths of
young children under their care and s 304(b) cases that involved caregivers
doing the same. It was noted that the period of imprisonment imposed by our
courts for the latter category of cases was “slightly shorter” than that
imposed for the former category of cases, the maximum imprisonment sentence of
ten years being common to both categories of cases.

(4) The use of a weapon

67 The use of a weapon to inflict grievous hurt will increase the offender’s
culpability. Where dangerous weapons are used, the offence may even be
prosecuted under the aggravated offence of voluntarily causing grievous hurt
by dangerous weapons or means under s 326 of the Penal Code, which carries a
higher maximum sentence of 15 years’ imprisonment or even life imprisonment
and may also include a fine or caning. In addition, regard should be had to
the nature of the weapon and the way it was used, and how these aggravate the
offender’s culpability.

(5) Group assault

68 Where the abuse takes place in a group setting with other co-offenders
involved, this will enhance the offenders’ culpability. This may be especially
pertinent in child abuse cases involving more than one caregiver, such as
Zaidah & Zaini, where a two-year-old child’s mother and her boyfriend abused
the child on numerous occasions for more than a month on an almost daily
basis. They had done so both separately as well as together. In cases where
two or more offenders assault a defenceless child together, the sentence
imposed on the offenders should be adjusted upwards to reflect their higher
culpability.

(6) The offender’s antecedents

69 The presence of relevant antecedents on the offender’s part is an
aggravating factor because it signals a greater need for specific deterrence:
see Tan Kay Beng v Public Prosecutor [2006] 4 SLR(R) 10 (“Tan Kay Beng”) at
[14]. In this regard, previous convictions for voluntarily causing grievous
hurt are not the only relevant antecedents. Where the offence involves a young
victim, antecedents relating to other types of offences against such victims
(which may range from ill-treatment offences under the CYPA to serious sexual
offences against minors) may also be considered to be relevant. In addition,
it is pertinent to consider the seriousness and the number of relevant
antecedents.

(7) Prior intervention by the authorities

70 Lastly, we consider that the need for specific deterrence is also enhanced
when an offender continues to abuse a young victim despite prior intervention
by the CPS (as in the present case) or any other organisation that deals with
child protection concerns.

Mitigating factors

71 We now outline the typical mitigating factors that are raised by offenders
in cases prosecuted under s 325 of the Penal Code. These include:

(a) the offender’s mental condition;

(b) the offender’s genuine remorse; and

(c) the offender’s personal financial or social problems.

(1) The offender’s mental condition

72 Mitigating value may be attributed to an offender’s mental condition in
certain situations. The first issue in this context is whether the nature of
the mental condition is such that the offender retains substantially the
mental ability or capacity to control or restrain himself (see Public
Prosecutor v Chong Hou En [2015] 3 SLR 222 (“Chong Hou En”) at [28] and Ang
Zhu Ci Joshua v Public Prosecutor [2016] 4 SLR 1059 at [3]). Hence, medical
evidence to establish a causal connection between the mental condition and the
commission of the offence will be important in persuading the court to give a
diagnosis of a mental disorder significant mitigating value. The focus of the
inquiry will be on whether the evidence establishes that the offender’s mental
responsibility for his criminal acts was substantially diminished at the time
of the offence by reason of his mental condition. The sentencing principle of
general deterrence may be accorded full weight in circumstances where the
offender’s mental condition is not serious or is not causally related to the
commission of the offence and the offence is a serious one (see Chong Hou En
at [24(c)] and Vasentha d/o Joseph v Public Prosecutor [2015] 5 SLR 122
(“Vasentha”) at [74]).

73 By way of illustration, in Firdaus, Chan CJ reasoned (at [22]) that the
offence in Public Prosecutor v Rosnani bte Ismail District Arrest Case No
19936 of 2000 (“Rosnani”) was less serious than the offences before him in
Firdaus because the offender in Rosnani was mentally retarded and this
mitigated her offence.

(2) The offender’s genuine remorse

74 We have also generally considered that circumstances demonstrating the
offender’s genuine remorse may be accorded mitigating weight. This may be
relevant in situations where a timely admission of guilt or cooperation with
the authorities in their investigations reflects genuine remorse. However, an
offender’s plea of guilt should be given little weight if the evidence against
him is strong and he has little choice but to plead guilty: see Vasentha at
[71]. Similarly, the offender’s cooperation with the investigating authorities
should not be regarded as a strong mitigating factor if there is overwhelming
evidence against him: see Chia Kah Boon v Public Prosecutor [1999] 2 SLR(R)
1163 at [12] and Vasentha at [73].

(3) The offender’s personal financial or social problems

75 An often-cited factor raised by offenders relates to the difficult personal
circumstances that they faced at the time of the offences. This will rarely,
if ever, have mitigating value: see Lai Oei Mui Jenny v Public Prosecutor
[1993] 2 SLR(R) 406 at [10] (in the context of the offence of giving false
information to a public servant) and Public Prosecutor v Osi Maria Elenora
Protacio [2016] SGHC 78 at [8] (in the context of the offence of criminal
breach of trust). In the context of offences against young victims (as well as
other vulnerable victims), this proposition applies with even greater force
because the frustrations faced by a parent or caregiver due to his or her
difficult personal circumstances can never justify or excuse the abuse of such
victims. As we emphasised in AFR at [12]:

… Any parent or caregiver who [inflicts violence on young children under his
charge] will not be allowed to mitigate his culpability on the ground of
financial or social problems, nor will he be allowed (for mitigation purposes)
to exclaim with regret that he did not mean to inflict violence on the victim
in question, whom he professes to love. … [emphasis added]

Caning for cases prosecuted under s 325 of the Penal Code

76 In cases prosecuted under s 325 of the Penal Code, our courts have
invariably imposed, in addition to imprisonment sentences, caning of at least
six strokes where the offender in question is not exempted from caning under
the CPC. As the authors of Sentencing Practice have noted (at p 266), caning
“is also appropriate unless there are exceptional circumstances”. Where
violence has been inflicted on a victim, retribution is likely to be the
principal sentencing consideration that warrants the imposition of caning: see
Sentencing Principles in Singapore at paras 6.021 and 30.023, as well as Amin
Bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor [2017] SGHC 215 (“Amin”) at [63]. In our
judgment, where death is caused, a sentence of 12 or more strokes of the cane
may be warranted; whereas where non-fatal serious injury is caused, a sentence
of between six and 12 strokes of the cane may be considered.

Ill-treatment of young victims prosecuted under s 5 of the CYPA

77 We now consider the relevant sentencing considerations for the CYPA charges
against the Respondent before turning to apply these principles to the present
appeal. Section 5 of the CYPA provides as follows:

Ill-treatment of child or young person

5.—(1) A person shall be guilty of an offence if, being a person who has the
custody, charge or care of a child or young person, he ill-treats the child or
young person or causes, procures or knowingly permits the child or young
person to be ill-treated by any other person.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a person ill-treats a child or young person
if that person, being a person who has the custody, charge or care of the
child or young person —

(a) subjects the child or young person to physical or sexual abuse;

(b) wilfully or unreasonably does, or causes the child or young person to do,
any act which endangers or is likely to endanger the safety of the child or
young person or which causes or is likely to cause the child or young person —

(i) any unnecessary physical pain, suffering or injury;

(ii) any emotional injury; or

(iii) any injury to his health or development; or

(c) wilfully or unreasonably neglects, abandons or exposes the child or young
person with full intention of abandoning the child or young person or in
circumstances that are likely to endanger the safety of the child or young
person or to cause the child or young person —

(i) any unnecessary physical pain, suffering or injury;

(ii) any emotional injury; or

(iii) any injury to his health or development.

(3) For the purpose of subsection (2)(c), the parent or guardian of a child or
young person shall be deemed to have neglected the child or young person in a
manner likely to cause him physical pain, suffering or injury or emotional
injury or injury to his health or development if the parent or guardian
wilfully or unreasonably neglects to provide adequate food, clothing, medical
aid, lodging, care or other necessities of life for the child or young person.

(4) A person may be convicted of an offence under this section notwithstanding
—

(a) that any actual suffering or injury on the part of the child or young
person or the likelihood of any suffering or injury on the part of the child
or young person was obviated by the action of another person; or

(b) the death of the child or young person in respect of whom the offence is
committed.

(5) Subject to subsection (6), any person who is guilty of an offence under
this section shall be liable on conviction —

(a) in the case where death is caused to the child or young person, to a fine
not exceeding $20,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 7 years or
to both; and

(b) in any other case, to a fine not exceeding $4,000 or to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding 4 years or to both.

…

78 The earliest predecessor of the CYPA, the Children and Young Persons
Ordinance 1949 (No 18 of 1949), was enacted in 1949 to provide for the rescue,
care, protection and rehabilitation of children and young persons. Currently,
s 5 of the CYPA, titled “Ill-treatment of child or young person”, is located
in Part II of the CYPA, which deals with the welfare and protection of
children and young persons. Section 5 came into effect in 2001 and replaced
the former s 4 of the Children and Young Persons Act (Cap 38, 1994 Rev Ed)
(“the 1994 CYPA”); for present purposes, the two provisions are essentially
the same.

79 Section 5 is an all-encompassing section targeted at all forms of ill-
treatment of children and young persons. It covers the entire spectrum of
child abuse ranging from neglect or emotional abuse to physical and sexual
abuse, with the relevant harm ranging from physical or emotional injury to
injury to the child’s health or development. Although “emotional injury” is
not defined in the CYPA, s 4(g), which furnishes an example of when a child or
young person is in need of care or protection from such injury, sheds some
light:

When child or young person in need of care or protection

4. For the purposes of this Act, a child or young person is in need of care or protection if —

…

(g) there is such a serious and persistent conflict between the child or young
person and his parent or guardian, or between his parents or guardians, that
family relationships are seriously disrupted, thereby causing the child or
young person emotional injury;

…

80 Under s 2(1) of the CYPA, a “child” is defined as a person under the age of
14 years, and a “young person”, as a person who is between the ages of 14 and
16 years. Section 5(2) defines “ill-treatment”, while s 5(3) expands on what
“neglect” means. From the plain words of the provision, the operative mischief
targeted by s 5 of the CYPA is physical or sexual abuse (s 5(2)(a)) and wilful
or unreasonable harm to or neglect of young victims (ss 5(2)(b) and 5(2)(c)
respectively).

81 The 1994 CYPA incorporated enhanced penalties for child abuse and neglect.
Before the Children and Young Persons Act 1993 (Act 1 of 1993) repealed and
re-enacted (with amendments) the Children and Young Persons Act (Cap 38, 1985
Rev Ed) (“the 1985 CYPA”), s 5 of the 1985 CYPA prescribed lower penalties for
what was then termed “Cruelty to children and young persons”. At the second
reading of the Children and Young Persons Bill (Bill 38 of 1992), the then
Minister for Community Development, Mr Yeo Cheow Tong, explained why the
penalties were to be increased (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report (18 January 1993) vol 60 at cols 449–450):

The Children and Young Persons Bill …, while retaining most of the provisions
of the existing CYP Act [ie, the 1985 CYPA], will incorporate several major
changes to give the State wider powers to protect children at risk and to make
the Act more relevant to present day needs. Penalties are also being increased
to a more appropriate level. …

…

First, increased penalties. Mr Speaker, Sir, the quantum of fines and
penalties has not been changed since the Act was enacted in 1949. For example,
any person who causes a child to beg is liable on conviction to a fine of up
to $250 or to imprisonment of three months, or to both. The penalties for
offences against children in the existing CYP Act are now too low to be a
deterrent. Under the Bill, penalties for offences have been greatly enhanced,
especially for offences like child abuse and exploitation and contribution to
the delinquency of children and young persons.

…

… [W]hat is worrying are the instances where child abuse has resulted in the
death of the abused child. Between 1985 and 1988, there was an average of one
death from child abuse each year. This increased to an average of two deaths a
year for the past three years.

The present penalty for both fatal and non-fatal cases of child abuse is a
fine not exceeding $1,000 or … imprisonment for a term not exceeding two
years, or … both.

These penalties are manifestly inadequate. The Bill proposes to enhance the
penalties to strongly discourage such abuses of defenceless children. In fatal
cases, the Bill will increase the penalty to a fine not exceeding $20,000 or …
imprisonment for a term not exceeding seven years, or … both. In non-fatal
cases, the penalty will now be a fine not exceeding $4,000 or … imprisonment
for a term not exceeding four years, or … both.

[emphasis added]

82 At the same Parliamentary session, several other Members of Parliament
endorsed this proposed amendment. The then Deputy Speaker, Mr Abdullah
Tarmugi, stated (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (18
January 1993) vol 60 at cols 452–453):

… [W]e should continue to find ways to diminish further, if not altogether
eliminate, acts of abuse of children and young persons in our society.
Therefore, this Bill is welcomed. …

I am particularly glad to note that penalties for offences against children
have been enhanced so that they may act as deterrence. The quantum of fine,
for example, has been increased and so have been the jail terms. The quantum
of fines has not changed since the Act was enacted in 1949, as mentioned
earlier. What was a deterrent sum then … is a painless sum to be of any
deterrence now. This is especially so for abuses which lead to the death of
children. While such penalties may not be the best way of stopping child
abuse, it is nevertheless an effective one in most cases.

[emphasis added]

83 Mrs Yu-Foo Yee Shoon also alluded to the principle of general deterrence as
the main consideration behind the proposed increased penalties (see Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (18 January 1993) vol 60 at col 454):

The new provisions will help deter potential child abusers. They will help to
protect our children from people who exploit or are cruel to them in any way.
The passage of this Bill will send a strong message to these people that such
barbaric behaviour will be met with fitting punishments.

84 In these Parliamentary statements, the clear abhorrence of child abuse is
evident, as is the importance of imposing harsh sentences to deter potential
child abusers, especially where the abuse leads to the death of a child or
young person. This forms the background to the distinction that is now drawn
in s 5(5) of the CYPA in the range of permissible sentences for fatal and non-
fatal child abuse cases, as well as the increase in the maximum imprisonment
sentence from the original maximum of two years’ imprisonment under s 5 of the
1985 CYPA.

85 It follows that the sentencing considerations of deterrence and retribution
are just as relevant in the context of child abuse offences prosecuted under s
5 of the CYPA as in those prosecuted under s 325 of the Penal Code. We also
consider that factors similar to those outlined at [63]–[75] above would be
relevant in deriving the appropriate sentence on the facts of each case.

86 For non-fatal child abuse cases, the offender is liable under s 5(5)(b) of
the CYPA to a fine not exceeding $4,000, or imprisonment for a term not
exceeding four years, or both. We observe that in the relevant precedents
cited by the parties that involved physical violence to children or young
persons, the courts invariably imposed a term of imprisonment of at least six
months for offences prosecuted under s 5 of the CYPA. We also note that in
general, offenders who wilfully inflict injury on a child or young person may
be regarded as being more culpable than offenders who act unreasonably in
doing so, and should therefore receive harsher sentences than the latter
category of offenders: see Public Prosecutor v Kusrini Bt Caslan Arja [2017]
SGHC 94 at [7], where Tay Yong Kwang JA opined that the case before him, which
involved three unreasonable acts of ill-treatment of a child, was not as grave
as cases where pain and suffering were wilfully inflicted on a child.

87 In that light, we turn to our decision in the present appeal.

Our decision

Our reasons for disagreeing with the Judge’s sentences

Both general and specific deterrence were relevant in this case

88 We disagreed with the sentences imposed by the Judge for several reasons.
First, we were satisfied that the Judge erred in finding that the sentencing
objective of deterrence was not relevant in this case. In our judgment, both
general and specific deterrence were relevant sentencing considerations.

89 Deterrence, as a general sentencing principle, aims to signal to and create
an awareness in the public and among potential offenders that a particular
type of offending behaviour will not be condoned, and that punishment for such
behaviour will be certain and unrelenting: see Tan Kay Beng at [31]. There are
two aspects to deterrence: deterrence of the offender and deterrence of likely
offenders, corresponding to specific and general deterrence respectively: see
Public Prosecutor v Tan Fook Sum [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1022 at [18].

90 In the court below, the Judge accepted that retribution was a relevant
sentencing principle, but did not accept that deterrence was a sentencing
principle which could feature significantly in the present case because the
Respondent had committed the offences out of anger and on the spur of the
moment (see the GD at [25]–[27]; see also [27] above). He was of the view that
where the court was dealing with “crimes of passion”, it might often be
inappropriate to invoke deterrence as a sentencing consideration given that a
person who was acting on the passion of the moment might not be susceptible to
deterrence by considering the consequences that were likely to ensue. However,
the Judge also accepted (at [26] of the GD) that it was “uncontroversial” that
offences against vulnerable victims “normally warrant general deterrence”. We
therefore understand his comments on the inapplicability of the principle of
deterrence as being directed at specific deterrence.

91 There are three reasons, in our judgment, why the Judge erred in concluding
that specific deterrence was not relevant in this case.

92 First, we disagree with the Judge’s view that the Respondent’s offences
were “crimes of passion” that were committed on the spur of the moment. We
elaborate on this below at [109]–[114].

93 Second, even if the circumstances of this case did render the Respondent’s
offences “crimes of passion”, the mere fact that an offence is committed out
of anger does not in itself suggest that there is no room for considering the
applicability of deterrence as a sentencing objective. Our jurisprudence, as
rightly pointed out by the Prosecution, in fact goes the other way in viewing
certain crimes committed out of anger as warranting general deterrence. Such a
policy can be seen in the context of road rage cases, where the court is
mindful of the need to deter people from resorting to violence on the roads on
the slightest provocation (see Public Prosecutor v Lee Seck Hing [1992] 2
SLR(R) 374 at [11]–[12]), as well as in the context of cases involving the
abuse of domestic workers (see ADF v Public Prosecutor and another appeal
[2010] 1 SLR 874 at [58]–[59]).

94 Third, the fact that an offence is committed out of anger does not mean
that the offender was not able to make rational decisions at the material
time. The law expects a person to be in control of his emotions and conduct
even in moments of grave anger, and to face the consequences of failing to do
so. Deterrence is concerned with making it clear what those consequences are
likely to be even if the proscribed act is done in a moment of anger.

95 The principle of deterrence treats offenders and potential offenders as
rational actors who are capable of acting prudently, and who are therefore
likely to see the threat of punishment as a reason for not breaking the law:
see Public Prosecutor v Loqmanul Hakim bin Buang [2007] 4 SLR(R) 753 at [26].
In Law Aik Meng, it was noted (at [22]) that deterrence might not be as
effective in certain situations where the offender was thought to be
“undeterrable”:

… [D]eterrence probably works best where there is a conscious choice to commit
crimes. Nigel Walker and Nicola Padfield in Sentencing: Theory, Law and
Practice (Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1996) … at p 99 explain the theory of
“undeterribility”. Pathologically weak self-control, addictions, mental
illnesses and compulsions are some of the elements that, if possessed by an
offender, may constitute “undeterribility”, thus rendering deterrence futile.
Such elements seem to involve some form of impulse or inability to make proper
choices on the part of the offender … [emphasis in original in italics;
emphasis added in bold italics]

96 Drawing an analogy with when a mental condition would give rise to
“undeterribility”, the High Court in Chong Hou En at [28] and Chan Chun Hong v
Public Prosecutor [2016] 3 SLR 465 at [73] held that an offender should be
deemed to be capable of being deterred by punishment and should therefore face
the consequences imposed by the law as long as it could be shown that “the
offender’s ability to appreciate the nature and consequences of his actions”
and “to stop himself from committing the criminal act” had not been
substantially impaired. This is an important point because it requires the
court to go behind assertions of temper and rage and analyse: (a) whether
there is in fact expert evidence to establish an inability on the part of the
offender to make the appropriate choices; and also (b) whether, on the facts
of the case, the offender was labouring under such an inability at the
material time.

97 There is a further point which was noted in Mohammed Ali bin Johari v
Public Prosecutor [2008] 4 SLR(R) 1058 at [114], where we affirmed the
following observations of Prof A J Ashworth in “The Doctrine of Provocation”
[1976] CLJ 292 at p 319:

It is also arguable that no one should be provoked into a violent rage by a
young child, and that the defence of provocation should not be available to a
person who uses serious violence and kills in such circumstances. …

98 In our judgment, it would generally be untenable to contend that deterrence
as a sentencing consideration has been displaced where an offence is committed
out of anger, absent clear evidence that the offender was unable to stop
himself from committing the act in question. Indeed, as we emphasised in AFR
at [41], anger should not be accepted as a mitigating factor in child abuse
cases. Thus, leaving aside the possible relevance of the Respondent’s
personality aberrations, we are satisfied that both general and specific
deterrence, in addition to retribution, should feature prominently as
sentencing considerations in this case.

The Judge placed undue weight on the alleged mitigating factors

99 Another reason why we disagreed with the sentences imposed by the Judge was
that in our view, the Judge placed undue weight on certain alleged mitigating
factors which were either irrelevant or not in fact made out. Relying on the
Respondent’s personality aberrations coupled with various other stress
factors, the Judge concluded that the offences in this case were committed on
the spur of the moment and that the Respondent’s culpability was therefore
reduced. For the reasons that follow, we agreed with the Prosecution that the
Judge placed undue weight on these alleged mitigating factors.

(1) The Respondent’s personality aberrations should not have been treated as a
mitigating factor

100 Dealing first with the relevance of the Respondent’s personality
aberrations (as set out at [22] above), we considered that the Judge erred in
regarding these personality aberrations as having mitigating value.

101 In the proceedings below, after the Respondent pleaded guilty, a Newton
hearing was conducted to address the specific issue of whether the Respondent
was suffering from a mental disorder that caused her to injure her own child
as she did. The Prosecution’s position was that the Respondent only had
personality aberrations which did not affect her ability or capacity to
control herself. Citing Dr Gupta’s evidence, the Prosecution submitted that
these personality aberrations were personality traits rather than symptoms or
signs of Asperger’s Syndrome or any other mental or personality disorder.

102 As we mentioned earlier at [28] above, the Judge found that the Respondent
was not suffering from any recognised mental disorder at the time of the
offences, but he nonetheless drew a causal link between her personality
aberrations and her offending conduct (see the GD at [35]). In this regard, he
relied on the last paragraph of Dr Gupta’s report dated 2 September 2014 (see
[22] above), which expressed the opinion that the Respondent had:

… several personality aberrations (recurrent suspicions regarding [the] sexual
fidelity of [her] spouse/partner, tendency to act impulsively, very low
tolerance [for] frustration, a low threshold for discharge of aggression, and
marked proneness to blame others) which do not amount to a recognisable mental
disorder but make her more likely than others to cope maladaptively (such as
by using aggression in interpersonal relationships) when experiencing
stressful situations.

103 In our judgment, and with respect, the Judge erred in his appreciation of
the proper context of Dr Gupta’s expert opinion. We reiterate that it was
common ground that the Respondent’s various personality aberrations as
identified in Dr Gupta’s report did not amount to an established mental
disorder. When Dr Gupta was asked by defence counsel what caused these
personality aberrations, he answered that it was not possible to say. Dr Tan’s
evidence was similarly inconclusive as to the causes of these personality
aberrations. In the circumstances, it was impossible to conclude, without
more, that these personality traits should reduce the Respondent’s
culpability. Individuals react differently when faced with stress factors. To
treat as a mitigating circumstance an offender’s tendency to be aggressive
and/or to be prone to blame others when facing stressful situations even
though this does not amount to any recognisable mental disorder and did not
substantially impair the offender’s mental responsibility for his conduct at
the material time would seem to reward appallingly bad social behaviour. The
mitigating value of a psychiatric condition depends on, among other factors,
the existence of a causal connection between that condition and the commission
of the offence (see Chong Hou En at [28]). In the present case, the Respondent
simply had no mental disorder, and the mere fact that she was aggressive and
yielded to that aggression does not mean that she lost control of her impulses
when she committed the offences or that her aggressive personality should in
some way be treated as a mitigating circumstance.

104 It is not illogical to draw a causal link between an offender’s
personality trait of readily resorting to aggression in stressful situations
and the offender’s criminal conduct in giving vent to his aggression and using
violence. However, to accord mitigating value to such a personality trait is
erroneous. To put it another way, the Respondent’s aggressive personality
might help to explain what she did when she committed the offences, but it in
no way excuses or even reduces her culpability for abusing and ill-treating A.

105 In this regard, we find the case of R v Murukaiyan Rasoo [1957] 1 MLJ 26
(“Murukaiyan Rasoo”) illustrative of the approach which a sentencing court
should take towards an offender’s alleged personality traits. In that case,
which involved a charge of voluntarily causing grievous hurt, the trial judge
had imposed what the appellate court described as “a very light sentence” –
namely, binding over for one year in the sum of $500 – on the offender for his
knife attack on his ex-fiancée. The trial judge decided on this sentence after
taking into account “the personality of the accused” and the fact that he was
“highly sensitive and emotional”. On appeal by the Prosecution against the
sentence, the offender’s counsel submitted that the sentence should not be
enhanced because the offender suffered from “some temperamental defect”.
Whitton J rejected this argument, noting that there was no suggestion that the
offender suffered from a mental disorder, and that the medical expert had
merely testified that the offender was “emotionally immature”. Whitton J thus
allowed the Prosecution’s appeal and enhanced the sentence to six months’
imprisonment.

106 The situation in the recent decision of Chong Yee Ka v Public Prosecutor
[2017] 4 SLR 309 (“Chong Yee Ka”) was converse to that in Murukaiyan Rasoo. In
Chong Yee Ka, See Kee Oon J departed from the sentencing precedents (at [86])
and imposed a fine instead of a custodial sentence in respect of three charges
of voluntarily causing hurt. He did so in the light of “a diagnosis of
psychiatric disorder of sufficient severity as to significantly diminish the
offender’s culpability” (at [86]). See J rightly pointed out (at [80] and
[82]) that it would not be practicable to specify precisely how substantial
the impairment of an offender’s mental state would have to be in order to
warrant consideration as a mitigating factor because each case should be
carefully considered within its factual matrix. However, he helpfully framed
the inquiry as “whether the disorder(s) in question can be said to have
contributed so significantly to the offending conduct that it diminishes the
offender’s capacity to exercise self-control and restraint, and hence reduces
her culpability in the circumstances” (at [82]).

107 In Chong Yee Ka, it was undisputed that the offender had been suffering
from postnatal depression linked to caregiver stress and multiple family-
related stress factors. See J thus accepted (at [74]) that the offender’s
difficult personal circumstances rendered her “more prone to impulsive,
unpredictable and irrational acts including those involving violence to the
victim as well as … acts of self-harm”. Unlike the present case, both the
Prosecution’s and the Defence’s experts in Chong Yee Ka had diagnosed the
offender as having depression of moderate severity. In the circumstances, See
J found (at [64]) that the offender’s psychiatric condition “would have caused
her to have difficulties controlling her emotions and impulses and would have
contributed to her loss of self-control that led to the commission of the
offences” [emphasis added]. It may be noted that the offender in that case,
apart from pleading guilty and demonstrating her remorse, had sought treatment
for her condition, taking cognisance of her wrongdoing.

108 For these reasons, we were satisfied that the Judge erred in taking into
account the Respondent’s personality aberrations as a mitigating factor.

(2) The Respondent’s offences were not “crimes of passion”

109 We turn now to the Judge’s characterisation of the Respondent’s offences
as “crimes of passion” which, in his view, should be given mitigating weight.
We did not agree. We touched on this earlier at [91]–[96] above in considering
whether it is legitimate to disregard deterrence as a sentencing consideration
when an offence is committed out of anger. Here, we consider whether there was
any ground to view the Respondent’s offences as “crimes of passion” and, on
that basis, accord mitigating value to this factor. In our judgment, while
there might well have been no premeditation involved in the present case,
taking that at its highest, it would only mean the absence of an aggravating
circumstance and not the existence of a mitigating circumstance (see [63]
above). On the evidence, the assaults which formed the subject matter of the
charges against the Respondent were not the actions of a person who had lost
her senses. Instead, the Respondent’s attacks on A were responses to specific
acts of A, and were cruel and vindictive.

110 With regard to the third charge, the Respondent admitted pushing A,
causing him to fall backwards and hit the back of his head against a
television console. She had evidently done so because she was frustrated that
A failed to recite certain numbers that she had asked him to (see [13] above).
There was no evidence to suggest that she had lost her senses to the extent of
being in a state of hot-blooded irrationality on account of A’s failure to
recite those numbers.

111 As to the fourth charge, the Respondent admitted kicking A in the waist
area after he had moved his bowels on the floor. This assault was not even an
immediate reaction. It was only after A had cleaned himself up and gone to the
Respondent that she kicked him. After A fell due to her kick, the Respondent
then stepped on his stomach with both feet for a few seconds before moving
away (see [14] above). These actions could not be said to be acts of
“passion”; they were simply acts of vindictiveness.

112 In respect of the sixth charge, the Respondent, irritated by A’s inability
to follow her instructions as she attempted to teach him the alphabet, pushed
him. When A failed to comply with her further instructions, she pushed him a
second time, causing him to fall, and also stepped on his ribs. A then asked
if he could draw, so the Respondent gave him some paper. But A scribbled on
the sofa instead. In anger, the Respondent proceeded to twist and pull his
hand very hard. This series of actions did not suggest that the Respondent had
committed these acts (or any of them) on the spur of the moment. On the
contrary, the Respondent’s actions were deliberate responses to particular
actions by A. There was nothing to suggest that she had lost control.

113 Similarly, in relation to the assaults on 1 August 2014 which resulted in
A’s death (the subject matter of the first charge), four episodes of abuse
were carried out intermittently over about two hours from approximately 4.30pm
to 6.30pm. The Respondent had ample time to cool down during this period even
if she had been extremely angry with A. This included the period when she
simply ignored A for a time and when she went to take a shower in between the
episodes. The Respondent even had the presence of mind to remember to pick her
daughter up, and had asked A if he wanted to accompany her or stay at home
(see [18] above). In our judgment, and with respect, the Judge failed to give
appropriate consideration to the entire sequence of events and thus erred in
holding that the Respondent’s assaults on A on 1 August 2014 were committed on
the spur of the moment.

114 It is also pertinent that the Respondent told Dr Gupta that she had
committed the assaults to “discipline” A. This intention to “discipline” A is
borne out in a note that the Respondent wrote to her then boyfriend on 2 July
2014, approximately a month before the last instances of abuse on 30 July and
1 August 2014. In that note, the Respondent said that she taught A his
homework and “discipline [sic] him”. Having regard to the nature, timing and
frequency of the Respondent’s violent attacks on A, we reject any suggestion
that these assaults were not deliberate. They were certainly not spontaneous
and irrational reactions by the Respondent in a moment of a total loss of
control.

(3) The Respondent’s alleged inability to cope with her problems was not an
excuse

115 Finally, we are not persuaded that the Respondent’s alleged inability to
cope due to her financial and social problems could be viewed as a mitigating
factor. As we have observed above (at [75]), the frustrations faced by a
parent or caregiver due to difficult personal circumstances can never justify
or excuse the abuse of young victims.

116 In the circumstances, we disagreed with the Judge’s view that there were
relevant mitigating factors in the present case.

The Judge failed to give sufficient weight to the relevant aggravating factors

117 In fact, we considered that the gravity of the Respondent’s offences (and
hence, her culpability) was aggravated by several factors that, in our
respectful view, the Judge did not accord sufficient weight to.

118 First, there was the extreme youth of A. At the time the offences were
committed, A was between two and four years of age. Although the Judge
appeared to recognise the young age of A as an aggravating factor (see the GD
at [24]), he reasoned that to the extent that this factor already presented
itself in the precedent cases, it did not warrant an increase in the sentences
imposed in those cases (see [26] above). We note, however, that the victims in
the precedents cited to the Judge were of varying ages ranging from two to 12
years. In general, the younger the victim, the more defenceless he or she
would be (see, in this regard, [37] and [65] above). Here, the extreme youth
of A was a seriously aggravating factor, but it was not adequately appreciated
by the Judge.

119 Second, the Respondent, as the biological mother of A, had a particular
duty to protect him. The betrayal of this critical relationship of trust and
dependence was a separate and seriously aggravating factor. As we stated in UI
at [33] (see [35] above), a parent who betrays that relationship and harms his
or her child will generally stand at “the furthest end of the spectrum of
guilt” [emphasis in original]. The Judge, however, appeared to have overlooked
this.

120 Third, the Judge failed to give sufficient weight to the fact that the
Respondent’s pattern of conduct as a whole pointed to cruelty towards a
defenceless child. The degree and the duration of the violence inflicted on A
were important in assessing the Respondent’s culpability (see [64] above). We
have already pointed out that a high degree of violence and force was directed
by the Respondent against A. On several occasions, A was already on the floor
after being hit or pushed by the Respondent when she then proceeded to step on
his knees, ribs or stomach. The extent of the force that she used was also
clear. On the evening of the day when the fatal assaults took place, the
Respondent choked A with her right hand and lifted him off the ground against
the wall. She also pushed A on the chest on several occasions with such force
that he fell and hit his head either on the ground (see the first and sixth
charges) or against a television console table (see the third charge). In
addition, in the assault in March 2012 (the subject matter of the sixth
charge), the Respondent twisted and pulled A’s hand so hard that, among other
things, his left elbow was fractured. Apart from the viciousness of the
violence inflicted on A, the abuse in 2014 was protracted and occurred over a
sustained period from June until 1 August 2014.

121 Not only did the Respondent’s heinous and violent conduct cause the death
of a helpless child, the post-mortem examination of A revealed, in addition to
the fatal head injury (arising from six discrete impact sites on the head), 43
other external injuries to A. Four of them were old scars on his forehead,
chin, head and neck. The rest were recent injuries consisting of abrasions and
bruises all over A’s body – on his forehead, chin, jaw, scalp, ears, neck,
shoulder, chest, back, arms, hands, knees and left foot. Five areas of
internal haemorrhage were also found in his tissues. The pain suffered by A
must have been unspeakably severe. The extreme degree of violence and force
that the Respondent inflicted on her defenceless son did not appear to have
been given sufficient consideration by the Judge: nothing was said in the GD
about the viciousness of the Respondent’s acts of abuse or the severity of the
injuries suffered by A.

122 Lastly, the prior intervention of the CPS in between the episodes of abuse
in March 2012 and 2014 was also an aggravating factor (see [70] above). The
Respondent had previously been investigated for inflicting non-accidental
injuries on A, and it was barely a few months after A’s case was closed by the
CPS on 5 February 2014 (see [11] above) that the Respondent started to ill-
treat A again in June 2014. Yet, the Judge did not seem to have regarded this
as an aggravating factor at all.

The sentences for the s 325 charges enhanced

123 Having considered the relevant aggravating and mitigating factors in the
present case, we turn now to the appropriate sentences for the various charges
against the Respondent. We first deal with the two charges under s 325 of the
Penal Code, the first and sixth charges.

The first charge

124 For the first charge, given that the grievous hurt caused took the form of
death, we were satisfied that the appropriate imprisonment sentence should be
at the high end of the prescribed range. Based on the guidelines which we set
out earlier (at [56] above), the indicative starting point is a sentence of
around eight years’ imprisonment. In our view, this should be adjusted upwards
to nine years’ imprisonment in this case, taking into account the Respondent’s
high degree of culpability as well as the various aggravating factors that we
identified at [118]–[122] above. In particular, we took into account: (a) the
Respondent’s position as the mother of A; (b) the extreme youth of A; (c) the
viciousness of the violence inflicted; and (d) the extended period of time
over which the events on 1 August 2014 unfolded.

125 Further, in calibrating the appropriate sentence, we considered it
relevant to have regard to the fact that the Respondent would not be caned by
virtue of s 325(1)(a) of the CPC. The Prosecution had highlighted in the court
below that imprisonment coupled with between six and 12 strokes of the cane
had previously been imposed in grievous hurt cases where the victim either
died or suffered “very serious injuries”. Although the Prosecution sought an
enhancement of the Respondent’s imprisonment sentence in lieu of caning, the
Judge did not address this.

126 As the Respondent was exempted from caning, the Judge was empowered to
enhance her sentence by up to a maximum of 12 months’ imprisonment under s
325(2) of the CPC. In Amin, a three-judge panel of the High Court set out the
approach to be taken by a court when determining whether an offender’s
sentence should be enhanced by reason of the offender’s exemption from caning,
and if so, how the extent of such enhancement should be determined.

127 In the present case, we considered that there were grounds for such
enhancement. As a woman, the Respondent would have known that she fell into
one of the categories of offenders exempted from caning. Moreover, we
considered that the sentencing principles of both deterrence and retribution
featured significantly in this case as it involved grave violence against a
young victim who died from the injuries inflicted. In the circumstances, we
were satisfied that an additional term of imprisonment was called for to
compensate for the lost deterrent effect of caning (see Amin at [67]).

128 Earlier, we stated that in fatal cases prosecuted under s 325 of the Penal
Code, a sentence of 12 or more strokes of the cane may be warranted (see [76]
above). In the light of the substantial aggravating factors which featured in
this case and which we have already recounted (such as the extreme youth of A,
the fact that the Respondent was his biological mother and the Respondent’s
vicious cruelty towards a defenceless child), we would have imposed 14 strokes
of the cane on the Respondent if she had not been exempted from caning under s
325(1)(a) of the CPC. Based on the indicative guidelines provided in Amin (at
[90]), an additional term of imprisonment of between six and nine months was
called for. In the circumstances, we were of the view that an enhancement of
the Respondent’s imprisonment sentence for the first charge by six months was
warranted. We therefore increased the imprisonment sentence for this charge
from seven years to nine years and six months.

The sixth charge

129 As for the sixth charge, we increased the sentence from two years’
imprisonment to four years’ imprisonment. We earlier stated that the
indicative starting point for offences prosecuted under s 325 of the Penal
Code involving non-fatal serious injuries and multiple fractures of the type
and gravity encountered in this case is an imprisonment term of around three
years and six months (see [56] above). We were of the view that this should be
adjusted upwards in the Respondent’s case to four years’ imprisonment given
the aggravating factors present.

130 In relation to the sixth charge, the violence inflicted on A, who was
merely two years and five months old then, was, as we stated at [112] above,
unjustified and vicious. A’s injuries after this first reported instance of
abuse in 2012 were serious: he was found to have multiple fractures (on his
left elbow, left calf and right eighth to eleventh ribs), haematomas on his
forehead and the back of his head, various small healing bruises on various
parts of his body, as well as other healed linear scars on his lower legs and
lower abdomen (see [9] above). Further, the especially young age of A at that
time was a relevant consideration.

The sentences for the CYPA charges left undisturbed

131 We turn to the third and fourth charges for ill-treating A, which were
brought under s 5(1) of the CYPA and punishable under s 5(5)(b) of that Act.

132 We decided not to disturb the sentences imposed for these two charges
because, in our judgment, the agreed Statement of Facts did not allow us to
draw any conclusion as to the precise nature and seriousness of the injuries
that were inflicted on A in relation to these charges. There were no
accompanying medical reports or details of these injuries. As we pointed out
earlier, the sentence imposed must be sensitive to the facts of the case and
should reflect a proper appreciation of all the circumstances of the case,
including the nature of the harm caused and the seriousness and permanence of
the injuries inflicted. In the absence of detailed information on these
matters, we decided that the sentences imposed by the Judge for the third and
fourth charges should not be disturbed.

The aggregate sentence

133 With regard to the aggregate sentence, we were satisfied that in the
present circumstances, the Prosecution was correct to urge us to order the
sentences for the first, fourth and sixth charges to run consecutively so as
to make an aggregate sentence of 14 years and six months’ imprisonment.

134 Ordering the sentences for these three charges to run consecutively would
be in line with the one-transaction rule and the totality principle (see
Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998 (“Shouffee”) at
[25]). Where the one-transaction rule is concerned, these three charges
involved distinct offences. The acts of abuse which formed the subject matter
of these charges were committed on different days, with the first and sixth
offences committed almost two and a half years apart, and the CPS was involved
in the intervening period.

135 As for the totality principle, the first limb of this principle examines
whether “the aggregate sentence is substantially above the normal level of
sentences for the most serious of the individual offences committed” [emphasis
in original]: see Shouffee at [54], citing Prof D A Thomas, Principles of
Sentencing (Heinemann, 2nd Ed, 1979) at pp 57–58. In Haliffie bin Mamat v
Public Prosecutor and other appeals [2016] 5 SLR 636, we clarified (at [79])
that in determining the “normal level” of sentences for this purpose, the
court should look at the range of sentences normally imposed for the most
serious of the individual offences rather than a specific sentencing benchmark
or starting point. With regard to the second limb of the totality principle,
this assesses whether the effect of the aggregate sentence is “crushing and
not in keeping with [the offender’s] past record and … future prospects” (see
Shouffee at [57]).

136 In our judgment, the imposition of consecutive sentences for the first,
fourth and sixth charges against the Respondent, with an aggregate sentence of
14 years and six months’ imprisonment, was, on the whole, proportionate to the
gravity of her offences and her high degree of culpability. As we indicated at
[56] above, the normal imprisonment sentence for a fatal case prosecuted under
s 325 of the Penal Code should range from the indicative starting point of
around eight years’ imprisonment to, in the worst category of cases, the
maximum term of ten years’ imprisonment. An aggregate imprisonment sentence of
14 years and six months in the Respondent’s case was hence not so much higher
than the relevant range as to render it “crushing”.

Conclusion

137 For these reasons, we allowed the Prosecution’s appeal, and enhanced the
sentence for the first charge to nine years and six months’ imprisonment and
the sentence for the sixth charge to four years’ imprisonment. We left the
sentences for the third and fourth charges undisturbed at six months’ and a
year’s imprisonment respectively.

138 We also ordered the sentences for the first, fourth and sixth charges to
run consecutively, and the sentence for the third charge to run concurrently.
This resulted in an aggregate sentence of 14 years and six months’
imprisonment, backdated to 2 August 2014, the date of the Respondent’s arrest.

Coda: Law reform of offences against vulnerable victims

139 The law has always taken a strong stance on crimes against vulnerable
victims. Our courts condemn such offences by considering the victim’s
vulnerability to be an aggravating factor which is relevant for sentencing
purposes. This, however, may not be sufficient. We therefore invite Parliament
to consider affording the courts the power, when dealing with such offences,
in particular, those against children and young persons, to enhance the
permitted punishment to one and a half times the prescribed maximum penalty
for certain offences.

140 This approach of enhancing the permitted sentencing range by enacting
legislation that identifies a certain class of criminal action as deserving of
harsher punishment than similar criminal conduct is not new. Parliament has
enacted such legislation in relation to certain offences against foreign
domestic workers (for instance, voluntarily causing either hurt or grievous
hurt to, or wrongfully confining such workers) in order to send a clear signal
to employers that the Government takes a serious view of foreign domestic
worker abuse: see s 73 of the Penal Code and Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report (20 April 1998) vol 68 at cols 1923–1925. Parliament made this
legislative amendment because foreign domestic workers were recognised as
being “more vulnerable to abuse” by employers and their immediate family
members, and because the number of such cases of abuse had been on the rise.

141 A similar regime of enhanced penalties has also been imposed for racially
or religiously aggravated offences: see s 74 of the Penal Code and Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (22 October 2007) vol 83 at col 2183.

142 Recently, the MSF conducted a public consultation on a draft Vulnerable
Adults Bill which proposed (among other things) inserting a new s 74A in the
Penal Code to provide for enhanced penalties of up to one and a half times the
permitted sentencing range for certain offences against vulnerable adults.
Vulnerable adults are defined in this draft Bill as individuals who are: (a)
18 years of age or older; and (b) unable, by reason of mental or physical
infirmity, disability or incapacity, to protect themselves from abuse, neglect
or self-neglect. This proposed change is entirely consistent with our call for
the courts to be afforded the discretion to enhance sentences for certain
offences against vulnerable victims, especially children and young persons.

143 In the present case, if there had been such a provision affording us this
discretion, we would not have hesitated to enhance the Respondent’s sentence
for the first charge by one and a half times given the gravity of that offence
and the significant aggravating factors present.

Sundaresh Menon Tay Yong Kwang Steven Chong  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Kow Keng Siong, Tan Zhongshan, Quek Jing Feng and Soh Weiqi (Attorney-
General’s Chambers) for the appellant;  
Sunil Sudheesan, Diana Ngiam and Joel Ng (Quahe Woo & Palmer LLC) for the
respondent.

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

29 November 2017

Media Summary

_Public Prosecutor v BDB_

Criminal Appeal No 26 of 2016

Decision of the Court of Appeal (delivered by Sundaresh Menon CJ)

Background to the appeal

1 This was an appeal brought by the Public Prosecutor against the aggregate
sentence imposed by a High Court judge (“the Judge”) on the respondent, BDB
(“the Respondent”), who repeatedly abused her own son (“A”) between March 2012
and 1 August 2014. On the last of these occasions, A was abused to such an
extent that he died. The Respondent had choked A by pushing her right hand
against his neck and lifting him off the ground with his back against the wall
before letting go, whereupon he fell to the floor. After A was conveyed to the
hospital, he underwent emergency surgery. Apart from his head injuries, 43
other external injuries at different stages of healing were observed all over
his body and five areas of internal haemorrhage were also found. A eventually
passed away after his family members decided to take him off life support in
view of the poor prognosis.

2 This case was exacerbated by the fact that the abuse of A had continued even
after the involvement of the Child Protective Service (“the CPS”) of the
Ministry of Social and Family Development. The Respondent had earlier been
separated from A for a time after the CPS intervened, but she later regained
custody of A and then continued to ill-treat him.

3 A total of six charges – two under s 325 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008
Rev Ed) for voluntarily causing grievous hurt to A and four under s 5 of the
Children and Young Persons Act (Cap 38, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the CYPA”) for ill-
treating A – were brought against the Respondent. The Prosecution proceeded
with the two s 325 charges (the first and sixth charges) and two of the CYPA
charges (the third and fourth charges), with the remaining two CYPA charges
(the second and fifth charges) taken into consideration for sentencing
purposes. The Respondent pleaded guilty before the Judge, who meted out an
aggregate sentence of eight years’ imprisonment. The sole question in this
appeal by the Prosecution was whether that sentence was manifestly inadequate.

4 The Court of Appeal examined the relevant sentencing principles for violent
offences against children and young persons that led to serious injury or
death, and set out the sentencing approach that should guide the courts in
this context. The court also urged legislative reform to afford the courts the
power to impose enhanced penalties for certain offences against vulnerable
victims, in particular, children and young persons.

The court’s grounds of decision

The relevant sentencing principles

5 The court recognised the special need to protect certain groups of
vulnerable persons, such as the handicapped, the incapacitated, children and
the elderly, and noted that in the specific context of violence against
children, such violence would not be tolerated and would be met with the full
force of the law. It stated that deterrence was an especially weighty
consideration in offences against young victims given the gross physical
disparity between the victim and the offender in such cases, the offender’s
abuse of trust and authority and the difficulty of detecting and preventing
such offences, which meant that the abuse could continue over a sustained
period, leading to an accumulation of grievous injuries. The court also held
that a parent who betrayed the _ultimate_ relationship of trust and authority
between a parent and his or her child stood at the furthest end of the
spectrum of guilt. ([34]–[37])

6 After reviewing the sentencing precedents involving offenders who inflicted
physical violence on young victims, the court set out a two-step sentencing
approach to be taken in cases prosecuted under s 325 of the Penal Code: (a)
first, an indicative starting point for sentencing should be determined based
on the seriousness of the injury; (b) second, the indicative starting point
should then be adjusted either upwards or downwards based on an assessment of
the offender’s culpability and the presence of relevant aggravating and/or
mitigating factors. Where the grievous hurt took the form of death, the
indicative starting point should be a term of imprisonment of around eight
years; whereas in a case where the grievous hurt took the form of multiple
fractures of the type and gravity described in the sixth charge against the
Respondent, the indicative starting point should be a term of imprisonment of
around three years and six months. ([55]–[56]) In addition, where death was
caused, a sentence of 12 or more strokes of the cane might be warranted;
whereas where non-fatal serious injury was caused, a sentence of between six
and 12 strokes of the cane might be considered. ([76])

7 The relevant aggravating factors which the court would take into account for
sentencing purposes included: (a) the extent of deliberation or premeditation;
(b) the manner and duration of the attack; (c) the victim’s vulnerability; (d)
the use of any weapon; (e) whether the attack was undertaken by a group; (f)
any relevant antecedents on the offender’s part; and (g) any prior
intervention by the authorities. ([63]–[70]) The court accepted that
mitigating value might be attributed to an offender’s _genuine_ remorse, as
well as to an offender’s mental condition if the evidence established that
such mental condition had substantially diminished the offender’s mental
responsibility for his conduct at the time of the offence. The court, however,
held that an offender’s difficult personal circumstances could never justify
or excuse the abuse of young victims. ([72]–[75])

8 With regard to the ill-treatment of young victims prosecuted under s 5 of
the CYPA, the court held that the sentencing considerations of deterrence and
retribution would be just as relevant, and similarly, the aggravating and
mitigating factors outlined above would be applicable. ([85]) The court also
noted that in general, offenders who _wilfully_ inflicted injury on a child or
young person might be regarded as being more culpable than offenders who acted
_unreasonably_ in doing so. ([86])

The court’s reasons for disagreeing with the Judge’s sentences

9 The court disagreed with the sentences imposed by the Judge for several
reasons. First, the court was satisfied that the Judge erred in finding that
the sentencing objective of specific deterrence was not relevant. The court
held that it would generally be untenable to contend that deterrence as a
sentencing consideration was displaced where an offence was committed out of
anger, absent clear evidence that the offender was unable to stop himself from
committing the act in question. Further, anger should not be accepted as a
mitigating factor in child abuse cases. ([91]–[98])

10 Second, the court agreed with the Prosecution that the Judge placed undue
weight on certain alleged mitigating factors. The Respondent’s personality
aberrations, which were personality traits that made the Respondent more
likely than others to cope maladaptively when experiencing stressful
situations, should not reduce the Respondent’s culpability. These personality
aberrations did not amount to an established mental disorder and had not
substantially impaired the Respondent’s mental responsibility for her conduct
at the material time. ([100]–[108]) As for the Judge’s characterisation of the
Respondent’s offences as “crimes of passion”, the court disagreed and held
that the Respondent’s violent attacks on A were not the actions of a person
who had lost her senses. On the contrary, the Respondent’s assaults on A were
responses to specific acts of A, and were cruel and vindictive. ([109]–[114])
Lastly, the Respondent’s alleged inability to cope with her financial and
social problems could not justify or mitigate her abuse of A. ([115])

11 In addition, the court held that the Judge did not accord sufficient weight
to several aggravating factors, namely: (a) the extreme youth of A; (b) the
betrayal by the Respondent, A’s biological mother, of the ultimate
relationship of trust and dependence between a parent and his or her child;
(c) the viciousness of the Respondent’s cruel acts of abuse and the severity
of A’s injuries; and (d) the prior intervention of the CPS in between the
episodes of abuse in 2012 and 2014. ([117]–[122])

The sentences imposed on appeal

12 On appeal, the court increased the imprisonment sentence for the first
charge from seven years to nine years and six months after: (a) adjusting the
indicative starting point of around eight years’ imprisonment upwards to nine
years’ imprisonment to take into account the Respondent’s high degree of
culpability as well as the various aggravating factors present; and (b)
further enhancing the imprisonment sentence by six months in lieu of the 14
strokes of the cane that the court would have imposed if the Respondent had
not been exempted from caning. ([124]–[128]) As for the sixth charge, the
court increased the imprisonment sentence from two years to four years after
adjusting the indicative starting point of around three years and six months’
imprisonment upwards in view of the aggravating factors present. ([129]–[130])
In respect of the CYPA charges, the court did not disturb the sentences
imposed by the Judge (six months’ and one year’s imprisonment for the third
and fourth charges respectively) because the agreed Statement of Facts did not
allow the court to draw any conclusion as to the precise nature and
seriousness of the injuries that were inflicted on A in relation to those
charges. ([132]) With regard to the aggregate sentence, the court agreed with
the Prosecution that the sentences for the first, fourth and sixth charges
should run consecutively so as to yield an aggregate sentence of 14 years and
six months’ imprisonment. ([133]–[136])

Coda on law reform of offences against vulnerable victims

13 In closing, the court invited Parliament to consider affording the courts
the power, when dealing with crimes against vulnerable victims, in particular,
those against children and young persons, to enhance the permitted punishment
to one and a half times the prescribed maximum penalty for certain offences.
The court noted that such an approach was not new, and stated that _if_ there
had been such a provision affording the court this discretion in this case, it
would not have hesitated to enhance the Respondent’s sentence for the first
charge by one and a half times given the gravity of that offence and the
significant aggravating factors present. ([139]–[143])

_This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
grounds of decision. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of
the Court. All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the
corresponding paragraph numbers in the Court’s grounds of decision._

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

