Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2017] SGHC 235

Suit No 848 of 2016

Between

| Miah Rasel  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| 5 Ways Engineering Services Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Duty of care]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Contributory negligence]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Miah Rasel

  
v

  

5 Ways Engineering Services Pte Ltd

[2017] SGHC 235

High Court — Suit No 848 of 2016  
See Kee Oon J  
4, 6 July; 30 August 2017

27 September 2017 Judgment reserved

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, a Bangladeshi national, was employed by the defendant as a
construction worker at the material time. The defendant is in the business of
installation of fire protection and security alarm systems.

2 On 23 February 2015, the plaintiff was deployed to Block 2 Paya Lebar
Airbase (“the worksite”) by the defendant to replace sprinkler pipes located
on the ceiling of the premises about seven metres above ground level. In the
course of his performing his duties, he met with an unfortunate accident,
falling from a height of about five metres to the ground. As a result, he
suffered fairly serious injuries to his right elbow and back, including an
intra-articular fracture of the right olecranon, and probable prolapsed
intervertebral disc and Grade 1 compression fractures of his vertebrae.

3 The central issue in dispute relates to whether the accident was caused by
the negligence of the defendant in failing to provide a safe system of work.
Specifically, the plaintiff alleged that the defendant’s employee(s) had
instructed him to perform the work in an unsafe manner.

Undisputed background facts

4 The undisputed background facts are as follows. The plaintiff commenced his
employment with the defendant on 6 June 2014. He had worked in Singapore as a
construction worker since 2012 when he was first employed by Lian Beng
Construction Pte Ltd. After commencing employment with the defendant, he
attended a Construction Safety Orientation Course on 13 and 14 July 2014
conducted by the Ministry of Manpower’s approved trainer. He subsequently
attended a scissors lift operator course on 6 December 2014 and was qualified
to operate a scissors lift for five years.

5 On this occasion, the defendant was sub-contracted to replace the sprinkler
pipe system at the worksite which was used as premises for storage of
equipment by the Republic of Singapore Air Force (“RSAF”). The plaintiff and
his co-worker, one Hossain Ziarat (“Ziarat”) were deployed to the worksite on
23 February 2015. The plaintiff had been issued with a letter of appointment
for Mobile Elevated Work Platform Operator for the work at the worksite on
that day. He and Ziarat had begun performing the same work there a few days
earlier. They were provided with Personal Protective Equipment (“PPE”) which
included a safety harness, safety helmet and safety shoes, and they were to
replace the sprinkler pipes which were attached to the ceiling while standing
on the “caged” platform (“the “cage””) of a scissors lift. The replacement of
the sprinkler pipes had to be carried out at a height more than three metres
above ground. This came within the definition of hazardous work at height in
Reg 2 of the Workplace Safety and Health (Work at Heights) Regulations 2013.
The defendant did not provide a personal fall arrest system which comprises,
in addition to a safety harness or body support, anchorages and a lifeline.

6 The worksite contained various obstructions in the form of racks and large
stored items. There were certain areas where the sprinkler pipes needed to be
replaced which proved to be inaccessible if the scissors lift were to be used.
Neither party produced any photographs or a sketch plan depicting the layout
of the worksite. The defendant explained that this was because the worksite
belonged to the military (or more specifically, the RSAF/Ministry of Defence
(“MINDEF”)) and no photography was permitted for security reasons. This point
was not disputed.

7 The accident occurred on 23 February 2015 at about 1.50 pm while the
plaintiff had stepped out of the scissors lift and stood on an air-
conditioning duct (“air-con duct”) which was located below the sprinkler pipe
system. The air-con duct was about five metres above ground. He secured his
safety harness to the rebar of the air-con duct but the air-con duct could not
take his weight as he stepped onto it and gave way, resulting in him falling
to the ground.

The disputed areas

8 There were various factual disputes between the parties. I shall focus only
on three material ones. The main point in contention was whether the plaintiff
had been instructed by one Nur Islam, his supervisor, to step out of the
“cage” and on the air-con duct to carry out the work. Related to this, the
plaintiff had maintained that he and Ziarat had raised concerns with Nur
Islam’s instructions to stand on the air-con duct but these were ignored. The
defendant denied that any such instruction had been given and asserted that
the plaintiff stepped out of the “cage” entirely on his own volition. It was
thus the defendant’s contention that the plaintiff had failed to act as a
reasonable prudent employee would, and was either solely responsible for his
own injuries or ought at least to be found to be contributorily negligent.
Should the court arrive at the latter conclusion, then liability ought to be
apportioned between the parties.

9 It was common ground that the plaintiff was deployed to perform hazardous
work at height, and the defendant did not dispute that it owed the plaintiff a
duty of care as his employer to take reasonable care in providing a safe work
environment. A second disputed point was whether the defendant had provided a
safe system of work, including, for example, conducting a site inspection for
the purpose of preparing a preliminary risk assessment, providing all
necessary PPE, and demonstrating that it had obtained a valid permit to work
and appointed a competent or qualified work at height supervisor.

10 A third disputed point was whether the plaintiff had correctly described
the defendant as an “occupier” of the worksite. This is a mixed question of
law and fact. The defendant denied that it was an occupier and pointed to the
RSAF/MINDEF, which occupied Paya Lebar Airbase, or the main contractor of the
worksite QBH Pte Ltd (“QBH”) as the occupier. In any event, the defendant
maintained that the plaintiff had not satisfactorily proved that the defendant
was an occupier by merely pointing to the fact that it was involved in
performing work at the worksite to infer that it had control or possession of
the worksite.

Issues for determination

11 Having set out the three material disputed areas, I shall briefly outline
the issues for my determination as follows:

(a) First, what the events immediately prior to the accident were, and whether
any instruction was given at any point by Nur Islam to the plaintiff to step
on the air-con duct (“the instruction”);

(b) Second, whether the defendant was negligent in having breached its duty of
care to the plaintiff as an employer (or occupier) to provide a safe work
environment; and

(c) Third, if the defendant is found to have breached its duty of care,
whether the breach caused the plaintiff’s injuries; related to this is the
question of whether there was contributory negligence on the part of the
plaintiff and if so, the extent to which the defendants’ liability should be
reduced.

My decision

12 Before I elaborate on the reasons for my decision, I begin with the basic
observation that the plaintiff bears the burden of proving his case on the
balance of probabilities. This was not a case where the doctrine of res ipsa
loquitur could be said to apply, as the accident could have come about in
various different ways and through various causes. There was also no basis for
any claim on the ground of breach of the defendant’s statutory duty, since s
60 of the Workplace Safety and Health Act (Cap 354A, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the WSHA”)
makes it clear that the WSHA is not to be construed as conferring a right of
action in any civil proceedings in respect of any contravention, whether by
act or omission.

13 In the event, the defendant did not dispute that as the plaintiff’s
employer, it did owe him a duty of care and the plaintiff could thus rely on
the common law tortious cause of action founded in negligence. Insofar as the
general tenor of the witnesses’ evidence was concerned, the dispute turned
substantially on a factual point: whether Nur Islam had given the plaintiff
the instruction as alleged. This is the first issue which I shall address.

Issue 1: Events immediately prior to the accident – whether Nur Islam gave the
instruction to the plaintiff

14 At the trial, only three witnesses testified – the plaintiff himself and
two witnesses for the defence, Ziarat and Mr Derrick Ng Hai Siong (“Derrick
Ng”), the director of the defendant. It was evident that no one (leaving aside
the plaintiff himself) had actually witnessed the plaintiff stepping out of
the “cage” of the scissors lift and onto the air-con duct. In addition, Nur
Islam was not available to testify as he was no longer working in Singapore.
Neither the plaintiff nor the defendant made any arrangements to procure his
attendance at the trial.

15 In this connection, I note that both the plaintiff’s and Ziarat’s evidence
were not free from inconsistencies. At various points, I had sought
clarification of Ziarat’s evidence as I found it somewhat confusing. Perhaps
this may have been attributable in part to the fact that he, like the
plaintiff, needed to give evidence with the assistance of an interpreter and
certain nuances or details may not have been accurately communicated. In my
view, it is unhelpful to detail the various inconsistencies in both their
accounts as they related to mainly inconsequential aspects. The
inconsistencies did not detract from the overall thrust of their respective
accounts. Both the plaintiff and Ziarat appeared for the most part to be
reasonably candid in their testimony. Nevertheless, the plaintiff’s insistence
that Nur Islam had given the instruction to him was in direct contradiction
with the evidence of Ziarat, who maintained that no such instruction was ever
given.

16 In the face of material conflicting evidence on this aspect from the two
co-workers, I look to the contextual and circumstantial evidence to find where
the truth of the matter would more likely lie. In this regard, I begin by
noting that the defendant suggests that it was not rushing to complete the
work or trying to catch up for lost time. The plaintiff himself testified that
Nur Islam had said that while they had to “finish the job even though [it] is
a bit risky”, he also told them, “you all can do it slowly, take your time”.
There was no suggestion that the work was behind schedule. That said, they
would of course have had a deadline, and if they could not finish the job, as
Nur Islam purportedly said, they would be “under pressure” from the defendant.
Hence they tried to replace “as much as possible” each day although there was
no specific number of pipes that were required to be replaced. This is an
important aspect of the plaintiff’s testimony which was unchallenged when he
was cross-examined.

17 To my mind, even though the suggestion was that the defendant was not
rushing to complete the work, it was clearly not going to have the luxury of
taking as long as it wanted to do so. It would also not have made sense for
the defendant to deploy its workers there any longer than it needed to. This
made it more probable than not that Nur Islam would have informed the
plaintiff to try to finish the job quickly in any case, to avoid being “under
pressure” from the defendant in case there were complaints of undue delay or
procrastination.

18 The defendant’s case was that if there were inaccessible areas, the
defendant would need to find workarounds in order for the work to be done or
the workers would continue working at other areas instead. The only workaround
seemed to be to move the obstructions but it also appeared that the
obstructions could not be conveniently or readily moved. An alternative method
of work, involving the use of step ladders to reach areas which were
inaccessible to the scissors lift, was described by Ziarat during cross-
examination. But neither Ziarat nor the plaintiff made any mention of this
alternative method in their respective affidavits of evidence-in-chief. I note
that the availability of this alternative was not put to the plaintiff in
cross-examination, but only emerged during Ziarat’s oral testimony. It would
appear to be an afterthought on Ziarat’s part. In addition, despite Ziarat’s
claim that step ladders were used as an alternative method of work, he
conceded that the step ladders mentioned (which had 8, 10 or 12 steps) were
not sufficiently tall to allow access to the sprinkler pipes in question, or
to all locations throughout the worksite.

19 On the other hand, the plaintiff’s case was that no ladders were used that
day and it was thus submitted that this showed that the defendant did not
provide any other means to the plaintiff to gain access to the sprinkler pipes
in question. In his further written submission, the plaintiff contended that
the ladders could not be used at all to reach the sprinkler pipes since Ziarat
had said that they were meant for use for areas at a lower height than what
the scissors lift could reach. I am inclined to agree with the plaintiff’s
submissions in this connection. This lent considerable support to the
inference that Nur Islam had instructed the plaintiff to step onto the air-con
duct, since it was unlikely that any alternative method was made available to
enable him to reach the inaccessible areas. This is especially when seen in
the context of the plaintiff’s unchallenged testimony that they would have
been expected to replace “as much as possible” each day to avoid being “under
pressure” from the defendant.

20 This issue was at the core of the plaintiff’s case and the burden remained
squarely on him to prove this to the required standard. I am satisfied that it
was more probable than not that Nur Islam did give the plaintiff the
instruction, and he had agreed to follow Nur Islam’s instruction. Hence I find
that the instruction was in fact given, if not to both Ziarat and the
plaintiff, then at least to the plaintiff solely, even if Ziarat did not
receive a similar instruction. The plaintiff had decided not to take the
trouble of resorting to any alternative methods of work. More likely than not,
since he was already on the scissors lift, he decided that it would be more
expedient to save the time and effort involved in arranging for the
obstructions to be moved. He was prepared to be exposed to the risk of injury
by stepping on the air-con duct to reach the inaccessible sprinkler pipes. I
accept that there may have been an alternative method to perform the work if
obstructions were indeed faced on-site, but the plaintiff chose not to adopt
it out of convenience.

21 It is pertinent however to note the plaintiff’s two medical reports from
Changi General Hospital (“CGH”) and his specialist medical report from MY
Orthopaedic Clinic (“MYOC”) (dated 26 May 2015, 2 December 2015 and 16 March
2016 respectively, all of which are exhibited in his affidavit filed on 23 May
2017 and also contained within the Agreed Bundle). No doctors were called to
testify. In the 26 May 2015 CGH report prepared by Dr Chachan Sourabh,
Resident Physician of the Department of Orthopaedic Surgery, CGH, it was
stated that from the hospital records, “he was standing and working on a dock
and was wearing a harness. The harness suddenly broke and he fell from the
height of approximately 4meters”. In the 2 December 2015 CGH report prepared
by Dr Darshana Chandrakumara, Resident Physician of the Department of
Orthopaedic Surgery, CGH, it was only stated that he was seen at the CGH
Accident and Emergency Department “following a fall from 4m height”. Finally,
in his own specialist medical report from MYOC, it was stated that he
sustained injuries to his right elbow and back “when he fell from a height of
five meters after his harness broke during a work-place accident on 23rd
February 2015”. All the remarks found in the medical reports about the harness
breaking appear to be consistent with what was recorded in the 27 February
2015 CGH “Memo to SGH Spine”. The relevant documents therefore indicate that
the cause of the accident was the plaintiff’s harness “breaking” or becoming
detached from where it was anchored to; there was no mention of anything (much
less any specific mention of the air-con duct) that he was standing on giving
way beneath his weight and thus causing him to fall from a height. More
crucially, there was no mention of anyone having explicitly given the
plaintiff any instruction to step on the air-con duct. He was however not
cross-examined at all on any of these aspects and no submissions were
ultimately made on these points either. I would therefore go no further than
to note the inconsistencies but I am of the view that they do not materially
affect my main findings on the plaintiff’s credibility.

22 As for the evidence of Derrick Ng, the director of the defendant, I find it
to be generally of scant assistance to the defendant’s case beyond what was
already objectively undisputed. Derrick Ng was not personally aware of the
events surrounding the accident. He was not present at the worksite when Nur
Islam allegedly gave the instruction to the plaintiff. Crucially, he was not
at the worksite when the accident occurred. He was in no position to attest to
whether the accident had occurred due to the plaintiff’s “own carelessness and
conduct”. This would be a matter of surmise, based on hearsay and conjecture.
It would also appear that Derrick Ng was not personally aware of whether there
had been adequate compliance with any of the safety procedures that ought to
have been observed at the worksite. I should add that I find Derrick Ng’s
attempts to suggest that the main contractor (QBH) was the occupier and should
therefore be responsible overall for “all the work permits, safety permits,
safety orientation” to be unconvincing. This suggestion only arose belatedly
during his re-examination and was not substantiated by any documentary
evidence.

23 In the overall analysis, I accept the plaintiff’s claim that the
instruction had been given by Nur Islam. I would also accept however the
defendant’s submission to the effect that the plaintiff was trained and
sufficiently experienced to know the risk involved, and thus could have
refrained from complying with the instruction and escalated the matter to
another supervisor or to Derrick Ng. He did not. Instead, he elected to comply
with the instruction and step out of the “cage” of the scissors lift and onto
the air-con duct, believing that securing his safety harness to the rebar
would provide sufficient anchorage. He claimed that it had not posed an
apparent risk when he stepped onto the air-con duct previously. Perhaps that
lulled him into a false sense of security. He did so when Ziarat was not
present together with him on the scissors lift. Unfortunately, this was a poor
exercise of judgment in undertaking an obvious risk, more so when it was one
that he was conscious of. The direct and proximate cause of the fall was, as
the objective and uncontroverted evidence demonstrates, the air-con duct
giving way under his weight.

24 Having been conscious of the substantial risk involved in not remaining
within the “cage” of the scissors lift, but deciding nonetheless to take the
risk, I conclude that the plaintiff had been contributorily negligent. He knew
that it was potentially dangerous but he went ahead regardless, despite having
been trained on safety procedures and the proper use and operation of a
scissors lift. The fact that Nur Islam may have given him an instruction to do
so does not alter his subjective consciousness of the risk. To that extent, I
agree with the primary defence as pleaded – the plaintiff had failed to take
reasonable precautions for his own safety and to exercise reasonable care and
attention himself. I shall address the question of apportionment of liability
more fully in addressing Issue 3 below (at [44]–[50]).

Issue 2: Whether the defendant had breached its duty of care to provide a safe
work environment

The WSH Framework governing construction activities

25 The defendant does not dispute that the nature of the work which the
plaintiff was tasked to carry out is governed by the WSHA and its accompanying
regulations (collectively, “the WSH Framework”). From the plaintiff’s pleaded
case, he appears to rely on the defendant’s alleged breach of statutory duties
under the WSHA as one of the possible causes of action. However, in the
plaintiff’s written submissions, he accepts that any breach does not afford a
right of action in itself, having regard to s 60 of the WSHA(see [12] above).

26 It is nevertheless uncontroversial that the defendant may owe the plaintiff
a common law duty of care under the tort of negligence. As outlined succinctly
by George Wei JC (as he then was) in Chen Qiangshi v Hong Fey CDY Construction
Pte Ltd [2014] SGHC 177 (“Chen Qiangshi”) (at [125]), the four-fold test for
negligence is trite: (a) the defendant must have owed the claimant a duty of
care; (b) the defendant’s conduct must have breached the duty of care by
falling below the requisite standard of care; (c) the claimant must have
suffered loss; and (d) the defendant’s breach of duty must have been a cause
of the claimant’s loss. The WSH Framework intersects with the tort of
negligence at the first two stages of the inquiry.

27 The principles on a statutory duty shaping the existence of a duty of care
were discussed by the Court of Appeal in Tan Juay Pah v Kimly Construction Pte
Ltd and others [2012] 2 SLR 549 at [53]–[54] which I need not recite for
present purposes. These principles were later considered by the Court of
Appeal in Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd v Moh Seng Cranes Pte Ltd and others [2014]
2 SLR 360 (“Jurong Primewide”), in a detailed analysis of the WSH Framework
and its statutory purpose. The Court of Appeal (at [40]) cited the speech of
Dr Ng Eng Hen (“Dr Ng”), the then Minister for Manpower, at the second reading
of the Workplace Safety and Health Bill 2005 (No 36 of 2005) (Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (17 January 2006) vol 80 (“the WSH
Parliamentary Debates”) at cols 2208–2210). The following extracts of Dr Ng’s
speech bear repeating:

Third, this Bill will better define persons who are accountable, their
responsibilities and institute penalties which reflect the true economic and
social cost of risks and accidents. Penalties should be sufficient to deter
risk-taking behaviour and ensure that companies are proactive in preventing
incidents. Appropriately, companies and persons that show poor safety
management should be penalised even if no accident has occurred.

This Bill will put into place a new and more effective framework to reduce
accidents at the workplace – to bring about a quantum improvement in OSH
standards and to achieve our intermediate goal of halving the present
occupational fatality rate by 2015.

[emphasis of the Court of Appeal adopted]

28 The Court of Appeal concluded at [41]–[42] that:

41 From the foregoing it is clear that [main] contractors and subcontractors
... are precisely the entities which the WSHA seeks to increase direct
liability on for workplace safety. They have "primary responsibility" in all
areas of safety, given their "operational control" of workplaces. In fact, the
main purpose of the WSHA is to strengthen the accountability of and impose
responsibilities on parties such as the main contractor and subcontractors so
as to ensure a safer working environment at construction sites. These
statutory responsibilities also complement the very aims of the common law
tort of negligence, which is concerned with ensuring that negligent conduct,
within legal limits, would attract corresponding liability. The law of tort
serves two functions here: it is an engine of compensation as well as a
financial deterrent. The law governing the establishment of a duty of care in
turn helps to limit claims in negligence to only parties with sufficient
proximity and foreseeability, so that the net of liability is not cast too
widely. Plainly, contractors and subcontractors are parties whose negligence
on construction sites has the most potential to result in fatal, or at least
costly, consequences, given their well-placed abilities to foresee and be
aware of the various possible mishaps that others without operational
responsibilities and control may not be able to identify. In fact, it would be
very hard to think of situations where sufficient proximity to give rise to a
common law duty of care will not be found to exist due to the control
contractors and subcontractors have over the worksite and the on-going
activities on it.

42 The WSHA is clearly focussed on strengthening the safety management of
worksites as its primary aim. By placing heavy responsibilities on contractors
and subcontractors, the scheme of the WSHA intends that the burden of making
worksites as free from hazards as possible and installing necessary systems
and safeguards would fall on these parties.

[emphasis added]

29 In line with the Court of Appeal’s observations in Jurong Primewide, it is
clear that there is a parity of objectives between the tort of negligence and
the WSH Framework.

The standard of care

30 The WSH Framework is also relevant in ascertaining the appropriate standard
of care expected of the defendant. The standard of care is the general
objective standard of a reasonable person using ordinary care and skill.
Industry standards and normal practice are indicative of this standard (see
for example, Tesa Tape Asia Pacific Pte Ltd v Wing Seng Logistics Pte Ltd
[2006] 3 SLR(R) 116 at [17]). The Court of Appeal in Jurong Primewide endorsed
(at [43]) reference to the WSH Framework and other guidelines which lay down
such industry standards of care and practice.

31 As noted by Wei JC in Chen Qiangshi (at [147]–[148]), the WSH Framework
aims to make businesses responsible for managing their own risks. The industry
standards have evolved towards requiring contractors to establish and
implement effective systems of risk assessment, management and supervision,
rather than seeking to secure their adherence to operating procedures
prescribed down to the minutiae.

32 Wei JC went on to observe (at [149]) that the permit-to-work system
contemplated in the Workplace Safety and Health (Construction) Regulations
2007 (“the Construction Regulations” – as outlined below at [36]) places the
onus on the project manager of a worksite to assess the risk and safety
measures present before allowing high-risk work to be undertaken. The WSH
Framework envisages a sharp distinction between the duties of the contractor
responsible for the conduct of activities, and the duties of the persons on
the ground actually carrying out such activities. The contractor is
responsible for creating and enforcing an effective system of risk assessment,
management and supervision. On the other hand, prescriptive duties are imposed
on the rank-and-file workers executing the activities on the ground (Chen
Qiangshi at [156]).

33 As for whether the defendant in the present case was an occupier of the
worksite, this question may arguably be moot since the defendant does not
dispute that it owed the plaintiff a duty of care qua its capacity as the
plaintiff’s employer. In any event, in See Toh Siew Kee v Ho Ah Lam
Ferrocement (Pte) Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 284 (“See Toh Siew Kee”), a relatively
recent judgment of the Court of Appeal, the interplay between the law of
negligence and occupier’s liability was clarified. At [52] of See Toh Siew
Kee, V K Rajah JA opined that occupier’s liability should be subsumed under
the general tort of negligence. This was in line with the approach of the
Court of Appeal in Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science &
Technology Agency [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“Spandeck”) laying down general
principles which set out when a duty of care arises under the tort of
negligence. The general enquiry would thus centre on issues of factual
foreseeability, legal proximity and policy as set out in Spandeck.

34 Although neither party made substantive submissions in this connection, I
shall state for completeness that I have given the relevant issues due
consideration and I am satisfied that all the requirements in Spandeck are
satisfied in the present case. Factual foreseeability as a threshold
requirement is met since it was foreseeable that injury might be sustained if
the duty of care was not observed. There is also a sufficiently proximate
relationship for the defendant to owe a duty of care qua employer. There are
no policy reasons to suggest otherwise. Rather, policy considerations would
reinforce the existence of such a duty.

35 Section 4(1) of the WSHA defines “occupier” as meaning, inter alia, “the
person who has charge, management or control of those premises... whether or
not he is also the owner of the premises”. While there was no evidence on
whether the defendant had overall charge, management or control of the
worksite, I am of the view in any event that it can be reasonably inferred
that the defendant had at least a sufficient degree of control and management
over the relevant work area to qualify as an occupier. The defendant provided
no other evidence to the contrary, and saw no necessity to call any witness or
provide any documents from either the worksite owner (ie. the RSAF/MINDEF) or
the main contractor (QBH) to support its bare assertion that it was not an
occupier.

Regulatory non-compliance and adverse inferences

36 It is not in dispute that the defendant had to comply with the regulatory
requirements under the Construction Regulations. The Construction Regulations
implemented a “permit-to-work system”, under which the “supervisor of a person
who is to carry out any high-risk construction work in a worksite” is required
to obtain permits-to-work from the project manager of the worksite (Reg 13(a)
of the Construction Regulations). As hazardous work at height was involved in
the present case, it would require the supervisor of such operations to apply
for and obtain a permit-to-work. However, no evidence of any such application
was adduced even though the defendant attempted to suggest that it had
obtained a permit. Correspondingly, no evidence of any actual existing permit
was adduced as well. In the premises, there are only two logical inferences
open to me arising from the defendant’s chosen course. The first is that no
such application had actually been made at all. Second, even if an application
had been made, no such permit had been obtained. I see no other plausible
reason why the defendant would not have produced the relevant evidence
pertaining to an application or exhibited the permit itself. It would
therefore be appropriate to draw an adverse inference against the defendant
for its non-production of the evidence, pursuant to Illustration (g) to s 116
of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed).

37 Similarly, the defendant claimed to have conducted a preliminary risk
assessment and to have appointed a competent and qualified safety supervisor.
Once again, nothing was produced before me to substantiate or corroborate the
defendant’s bare assertions on these counts. Ziarat claimed to be the
competent person to supervise the plaintiff’s work at height and to have the
necessary certificate in support, but no corroborative documents of any sort
were produced by the defendant. Adopting the same reasoning which I have set
out above, it can reasonably be inferred that the defendant withheld evidence
on all these areas for two reasons: they would either be unfavourable to its
interests if they had been produced, or they simply did not exist despite the
defendant’s claims and thus were not capable of being produced. Either reason
would have adversely impacted the credibility of the defence.

38 Even taking the defendant’s case at its highest, if indeed all the
responsibility for site safety was borne by the main contractor (QBH), it
would stand to reason that the defendant could readily have obtained the
necessary supporting evidence from QBH to substantiate its claims. In the
event, no evidence whatsoever was produced.

39 Following from my findings of fact in relation to Issue 1, I am drawn to
conclude that the defendant must bear substantial liability. As the Court of
Appeal observed in Chandran a/l Subbiah v Dockers Marine Pte Ltd [2010] 1 SLR
786, an employer may be liable for a worksite accident in a primary or
secondary manner (at [13]). The primary mode is concerned with duties that the
employer owes directly to its employees, such as the employer’s non-delegable
duty to take care of the safety of its employees. The latter is concerned with
duties that one employee owes to another employee, for which the employer is
made vicariously liable.

40 While the defendant does owe the plaintiff a duty of care by virtue of the
employer-employee relationship, the enquiry as to the defendant’s potential
secondary liability would relate to whether there was a breach of the duty of
care by Ziarat’s purported failure to take adequate care in ensuring that
there was proper supervision of the plaintiff. Ziarat who was purportedly both
a co-worker and safety supervisor was aware that the plaintiff ought not to
have been left alone when the scissors lift was in operation. Assuming
Ziarat’s account was true and he was not present when the plaintiff fell from
a height, it was obvious that Ziarat would have had to descend from a height
first before stepping off the scissors lift to walk towards the storeroom. He
left the plaintiff to his own devices, and he agreed quite candidly that this
was a breach of the work method. This would therefore amount to a breach of
Ziarat’s duty of supervision, for which the defendant should be vicariously
liable, but it would be equally pertinent to note that the plaintiff had
apparently chosen unilaterally to ascend in the scissors lift and continue
working on his own.

41 To summarise, the general tenor of the evidence before me was that by and
large, the defendant was lackadaisical in its adherence to the WSH Framework
or in ensuring that workplace safety was observed. Relevant documentation to
show its adherence to the WSH Framework evidently did not exist. The adequacy
of control and safety measures was doubtful and supervision was lax. Daily
toolbox briefings (if they were indeed conducted at all) were in all
probability fairly perfunctory affairs. No documentary evidence of the
briefings was adduced in any event. It was also unclear if any specific
briefing on the safety issues had been conducted. In addition, given my
finding in relation to Issue 1, the defendant had not provided adequately for
the relevant PPE for working at a height.

42 In the circumstances, I find that the defendant had breached its duty to
take reasonably practicable measures to ensure the provision of a safe work
environment. It had failed to ensure the safety of the plaintiff in performing
his duties at the worksite.

Issue 3: Causation and whether there was contributory negligence

43 Turning finally to the question of causation, my findings as to Issues 1
and 2 above on the relevant factual circumstances and the defendant’s breach
of its duty of care clearly show that causation has been established. The
instruction given to the plaintiff, coupled with the lack of safe work methods
and measures and the defendant’s failure to adhere to the requisite standard
of care expected of an employer and occupier of a worksite, all amply support
a finding of causation.

44 Contributory negligence arises where a plaintiff has acted in a careless
manner, failing to take reasonable care for his own personal safety in the
circumstances, with the result that he contributes in part to his own injury.
The Court of Appeal in Parno v SC Marine Pte Ltd [1999] 3 SLR(R) 377 (“Parno”)
at [59] cited with approval the observation of Lord Denning MR in Froom v
Butcher [1976] QB 286 at 291:

Negligence depends on a breach of duty, whereas contributory negligence does
not. Negligence is a man’s carelessness in breach of duty to others.
Contributory negligence is a man’s carelessness in looking after his own
safety. He is guilty of contributory negligence if he ought reasonably to have
foreseen that, if he did not act as a reasonable prudent man, he might hurt
himself.

The defendant is thus not required to show that a claimant has breached a
legal duty of care, as is necessary in a claim for negligence (Gary Chan Kok
Yew, The Law of Torts in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2011) (“The Law of
Torts in Singapore”) at para 07.071).

45 For convenient reference, I set out s 3(1) of the Contributory Negligence
and Personal Injuries Act (Cap 54, 2002 Rev Ed) which provides as follows:

Apportionment of liability in case of contributory negligence

3.—(1) Where any person suffers damage as the result partly of his own fault
and partly of the fault of any other person or persons, a claim in respect of
that damage shall not be defeated by reason of the fault of the person
suffering the damage, but the damages recoverable in respect thereof shall be
reduced to such extent as the court thinks just and equitable having regard to
the claimant’s share in the responsibility for the damage.

[emphasis added]

46 Returning to the facts of the present case, as I have outlined above (at
[23]–[24]), I find that there was contributory negligence on the part of the
plaintiff in consciously undertaking a risky and potentially dangerous
endeavour. He was not a novice but an experienced and trained worker. He was
nonetheless eager, perhaps overly so, to complete the job as quickly as
possible and with minimum delay. Regrettably, he carried out the work in an
improper and unsafe manner. In doing so, he did not act as a reasonably
prudent man ought to have. I am therefore of the view that the plaintiff’s
conduct was a contributory cause of the accident.

47 Notwithstanding my finding that the plaintiff was contributorily negligent,
the WSH Framework serves primarily to impose duties on an employer and is
aimed at preventing or minimising the risk of injury and danger to workers and
indeed to all persons at the worksite. As Wei JC noted in Chen Qiangshi at
[211], the statutory scheme was introduced on the back of a perceived need to
change mindsets and to inculcate a more proactive approach to safety. There is
thus good reason why the defendant in the present case should bear substantial
liability even where the plaintiff has been found to have contributed to his
own injuries.

48 In the overall analysis, I am of the view that the liability of the
defendant to the plaintiff should be reduced by 25%. This is consistent with
the observation of the learned author of The Law of Torts in Singapore at para
07.079 that where contributory negligence is alleged against an employee, the
law tends, on balance, to lean in favour of the employee who had suffered
damage due to the employer’s negligence. Where the negligence of the employer
related to the failure to ensure that there was a safe system of work, the
fact that an employee took a risk or made an error of judgment does not
inevitably support a finding of substantial contributory negligence (or at
all). Following the Court of Appeal’s observation in Parno at [64], “the
primary responsibility for ensuring safety rests with the employer”. One
factor that remains relevant is whether the employee took an imprudent risk in
circumstances which arose (in whole or in part) due to the negligence of the
defendant.

49 In Zheng Yu Shan v Lian Beng Construction (1988) Pte Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R)
587 (“Zheng Yu Shan”), Rajah JA observed (at [38]) that in carrying out his
duty to provide a safe system of work, an employer must “take the employee’s
carelessness in relation to safety into account when devising a safe system of
work” [emphasis omitted]. Having devised such a system, the employer must take
reasonable care to see that the system is complied with. These observations
are relevant not just in determining whether the employer has breached his
duty of care. They are also pertinent in determining whether there is any
contributory negligence by the employee and, if so, the degree to which he was
responsible for the damage as compared to his employer. Where the employee’s
action was “so reckless or in such total disregard for his own safety”, he
ought to be found to be contributorily negligent (Zheng Yu Shan at [51]).

50 Bearing these considerations in mind, in view of the fact that the
plaintiff was a trained and experienced worker who was cognisant of the risks
involved, weighed against the negligence of the defendants, in my judgment it
is just and equitable that the defendant’s liability to the plaintiff be
reduced by 25%. This is not an insignificant reduction, but in my view it is
reflective of the relative degrees of responsibility that the plaintiff and
defendant ought to bear in the circumstances.

Conclusion

51 Although I have ruled that the merits lie substantially in favour of the
plaintiff, I should record a few observations. The plaintiff adopted a
blunderbuss approach in pleading his case. Counsel for the plaintiff sought to
plead common law negligence, contractual breach of duty, occupier’s liability,
vicarious liability and breach of statutory duty all at once, presumably in
the hope that at least one cause of action (or more) might eventually hit
home. Moreover, instead of pleading facts in his statement of claim, the
plaintiff filed a 29-page statement of claim laying out the evidence in
support of his claim, which was a relatively straightforward one for work-
related personal injuries.

52 I would further note that counsel for the plaintiff placed no less than
five separate sets of documents (four of which were unsolicited) before me as
his closing written submissions. I decided to admit them all for
consideration, while inviting counsel for the defendant to reply if he deemed
it necessary to do so. This incremental drip-feed method in putting forward
submissions is unsatisfactory. Counsel would be well-advised to refrain from
such a practice in future.

53 I find the defendant liable in negligence to the plaintiff. I also find
that the plaintiff was contributorily negligent. The defendant will bear 75%
liability for the loss and damage that the plaintiff suffered as a consequence
of the accident. I enter interlocutory judgment in those terms for the
plaintiff for damages to be assessed.

54 Having heard the parties on costs, I shall fix the costs of the trial at
$30,000 to be paid by the defendant, with reasonable disbursements to the
plaintiff in addition to be agreed between the parties. Costs of the
assessment will be reserved to the Registrar hearing the assessment.

See Kee Oon  
Judge

Joseph Chen (Joseph Chen & Co) for the plaintiff;  
Michael Eu and Gloria Lee (United Legal Alliance LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

