Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 291

Criminal Motion No 40 of 2016

Between

Roslan Bin Bakar

… Applicant

And

Public Prosecutor

… Respondent

A N D

Criminal Motion No 45 of 2016

Between

Pausi Bin Jefridin

… Applicant

And

Public Prosecutor

… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act] — [Discretion of
court not to impose sentence of death when offender was suffering from an
abnormality of mind]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Mentally disordered
offenders]

* * *

  
  
This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Roslan bin Bakar

  

v

  

Public Prosecutor and another matter

[2017] SGHC 291

High Court — Criminal Motion Nos 40 and 45 of 2016  
Choo Han Teck J  
12, 14–15, 20 September 2017

13 November 2017 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 Both applicants applied to this court to consider whether the death sentence
meted out to them on 22 April 2010 ought to be substituted with a sentence of
life imprisonment, under s 27(6) of the Misuse of Drugs (Amendment) Act 2012
(Act 30 of 2012).

2 The grounds for the applications of both applicants were similarly based on
s 33B(3)(b) read with s 33B(3) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev
Ed) (“MDA”). Both applicants claimed to be suffering from an abnormality of
mind, as defined in this provision, which substantially impaired his mental
responsibility for his acts and omissions. In order to escape the death
sentence under s 33B, both applicants also had to prove that they were
couriers only. The prosecution did not dispute that Pausi was a courier but
denied that Roslan was one.

3 Counsel for the applicant in Criminal Motion No. 45 of 2016 (“Pausi”), Mr
Chung Ting Fai, submitted that his client had an arrested or retarded
development of mind as a result of his exceptionally low and restricted
education. He further submitted that Pausi does not possess the average
reasoning abilities to think through his actions and consequences thoroughly.
Pausi’s expert, Mr Danny Ng, assessed Pausi’s IQ to be at 67, which would be a
mild intellectual disability. According to Mr Chung, the low intelligence of
Pausi made him “incapable of resisting any internal rationality that might
have dissuaded him from committing the offence”.

4 Counsel for the applicant in Criminal Motion No. 40 of 2016 (“Roslan”), Mr
Kertar Singh, submitted that his client was a courier and denied that he gave
instructions to another to retrieve and deliver the drugs. Mr Singh argued
that his client suffered from an abnormality of mind as he had reduced
intellectual functioning. He also relied on the experts’ opinion that his
client had “limited capacity for judgment, decision-making, consequential
thinking, impulse control and executive function” due to the underlying
cognitive defects. The learned DPP, Ms Christina Koh challenged these findings
on various grounds, such as the language used by the defence experts in
conducting the psychiatric assessments as well as the limitations of the
prison setting under which they were conducted. She argued that Roslan was
within the borderline range of intellectual functioning, relying on the
testimony of IMH psychiatrists, which she submitted was more accurate.

5 Counsel for prosecution and the applicants could not agree as to how the IQ
levels of the two applicants ought to be interpreted. Ms Koh maintained that
the IQ score alone, is not conclusive because it only assesses cognitive
abilities but not one’s adaptive functioning abilities.

6 I am of the view that the IQ level of both applicants in this case does not
assist them. In some cases, the IQ level may offer corroborative support, but
here, the conduct of both applicants were amply shown through the evidence at
trial including their own testimonies, that they were functioning in ways no
different from people with higher IQ level in relation to the drug offences.
Significantly, Roslan was the central figure in the drug transaction. He
directed the actions of the others involved and orchestrated its moving parts.
Pausi was able to deliver the drugs from outside Singapore and participated in
the operation with little difficulty. That conduct and behaviour, cannot be
regarded as that of affecting their culpability. A low IQ level alone is not
evidence of an abnormality of mind.

7 I find on the evidence at trial that Pausi was probably acting only as a
courier but I am satisfied that Roslan was not. This finding is for
completeness in dealing with their applications before me. It does not affect
the verdict because neither applicant succeeded in proving the second
criterion of s 33B(3) of the MDA.

8 For the purposes of s 33B(3), the court cannot ignore the functionality of
the mind of an accused person in question. In this case, I find that despite a
low score, both applicants had displayed competence and comprehension of what
they were doing when they carried out their act of trafficking in the drugs.

9 Their applications for re-sentencing are therefore dismissed.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Christina Koh, Chan Yi Cheng and Samuel Yap (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
prosecution  
Kertar Singh s/o Guljar Singh (Kertar and Sadhu LLC) for applicant in Criminal
Motion No 40 of 2016

  
Chung Ting Fai (Chung Ting Fai & Co) for applicant in Criminal Motion No 45 of
2016

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

