Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 132

Originating Summons No 294 of 2017

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Rajendar Prasad Rai  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Police] — [Preventive action]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Disputes as to immovable property]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Rajendar Prasad Rai

[2017] SGHC 132

High Court — Originating Summons No 294 of 2017  
Lai Siu Chiu SJ  
16, 17, 20 March 2017  

1 June 2017

Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

Introduction

1 The Public Prosecutor (“the Applicant”) applied in this Originating Summons
No 294 of 2017 (“the OS”) for the following orders (“the Orders”) against
Rajendar Prasad Rai (“the Defendant”):

(1) [The Defendant and his wife, Gurchandni Kaur Charan Singh @ Gurchandni
Kaur d/o Charan Singh (“GK”)] be restrained until further order, whether by
themselves, their servants, agents or otherwise howsoever, from disposing of,
transferring, assigning, pledging, distributing, charging, encumbering,
diminishing the value of or otherwise dealing with any realisable property
held by [the Defendant], whether in their possession, custody or power at the
time of the Order to be made hereon or coming into their possession, custody
or power at the time of the Order to be made heron or coming into their
possession, custody or power during the period while the Order to be made
hereon is in force:

a. the balance in the UOB High Yield account no. [xxxx120] in the name of
[GK];

b. the balance in the UOB Savings account no. [yyyy019] in the name of [GK];
and

c. the balance in the UOB High Yield account no. [zzzz345] in the name of [the
Defendant].

(2) A charge, subject to the Order to be made in Prayer (3) below, be imposed
on the following realisable property (hereinafter referred to as “the
properties”) held by [the Defendant] to secure payment to the Government of an
amount equal to the value from time to time of the property charged:

a. 36H Dunearn Road #16-45, Chancery Court, Singapore 309433 (“the Chancery
Court property”) which title is registered in the name of [the Defendant];

b. 44 Bedok Ria Crescent, Singapore 489860 (“the Bedok Ria property”) which
title is registered in the name of [the Defendant];

c. 78A Lorong K, Telok Kurau #05-10, Palm Galleria, Singapore 425702 (“the
Palm Galleria property”) which title is registered in the name of [the
Defendant]; and

d. 80B Horne Road, Singapore 209079 (“the Horne Road property”) which title is
registered in the name of [GK].

(3) (a) The following mortgagees shall be at liberty to exercise their powers
of sale as mortgagees over the respective properties:

(i) Standard Chartered Bank, over the [Horne Road property];

(ii) Standard Chartered Bank, over the [Palm Galleria property]; and

(iii) United Overseas Bank, over the [Bedok Ria property].

(b) The sale proceeds arising from the mortgagees’ exercise of their power of
sale are to be utilized as follows:

(i) to pay the legal and all other costs and expenses incurred or to be
incurred in relation to the property and the sale thereof; and

(ii) to pay to the mortgagee of the property sold the balance in respect of
the housing loan on the property sold;

provided that the legal and other expenses referred to in Prayer (3)(b)(i) and
the balance outstanding referred to in Prayer 3(b)(ii) are proven to the
satisfaction of the [A]pplicant.

(c) In the event that there are surplus sale proceeds after the sale of the
properties and settlement of the foregoing amounts, the surplus sale proceeds
(less any reasonable costs or expenses incurred for payment into Court) shall
be paid into Court by the mortgagees of the properties and the payment of such
surplus by the mortgagees shall constitute a full discharge of the payment
obligation of the mortgagees to the mortgagors of the properties.

(d) No application for payment out of the monies paid into Court under Prayer
(3)(c) would be made without notice to the [A]pplicant. Every application for
payment out of the monies paid into Court under Prayer (3)(c) should be served
on the [A]pplicant not less than [five] clear days before the date fixed for
the hearing of the application for payment out.

(4) A caveat, in respect of the Order to be under Prayer (2), be lodged under
the Land Titles Act [(Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the LTA”)].

(5) [The Defendant and GK] be notified of the Order to be made hereon and be
served with a copy of such Order and the affidavit filed in support of this
application.

(6) An officer of the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau, Singapore
(“CPIB”), be authorised to serve the Order to be made hereon and the affidavit
filed in support of this application on [the Defendant and GK] by posting the
same at their last known address in Singapore and the endorsement of the said
officer of such service shall be sufficient proof of such service on them.

(7) The [A]pplicant be given liberty to apply.

(8) The Order to be made hereon would have effect and remain in force until a
day [had been] fixed for hearing inter-partes of the application or any
adjournment thereof, whichever be the later.

(9) The costs of this application be reserved.

(10) Such other relief or order as the Honourable Court deems fit.

2 Although the OS was an ex-parte application, it was heard inter-partes over
three days after which this court granted:

(a) An order in terms of Prayer 1(a) to (c), as orally amended for Prayer 1 to
read in lines 6 & 7 “dealing with the following realisable properties held by
[the Defendant]” instead of “dealing with any realisable property”.

(b) An order in terms of Prayers 2(a), (b), (c) and (d) in that a charge would
be imposed on the following four properties held by the Defendant or GK to
secure to the Government an amount equal to the net value from time to time of
the properties charged (less redemption monies or money owed to mortgagee
banks):

(i) The Chancery Court property, which title is registered in the name of the
Defendant;

(ii) The Bedok Ria property, which title is registered in name of the
Defendant;

(iii) The Palm Galleria property, which title is registered in the name of the
Defendant; and

(iv) The Horne Road property, which title is registered in the name of GK.

(c) Prayers 3, 4, 5, 6 were adjourned sine die with liberty to restore.

(d) An order in terms of prayers 8 and 9.

(e) Parties liberty to apply under prayer 7.

(f) Costs in the cause.

(g) No order on prayer 10.

The Orders granted were to continue until further orders were made.

3 As the Defendant has appealed (in Civil Appeal No 74 of 2017) against the
orders that were made, I now set out the reasons therefor.

The background

4 The genesis of the OS is Criminal Motions Nos 71 and 72 of 2016
(collectively “the Criminal Motions”) which were heard by Sundaresh Menon CJ
in February 2017, after which he delivered his decision on 13 March 2017 (see
Rajendar Prasad Rai and Another v Public Prosecutor and Another Matter [2017]
SGHC 49 (“the Judgment”)).

5 The Defendant and his wife, GK were the applicants in Criminal Motion No 71
and 72 of 2016 respectively. They had applied for the release of bank accounts
and certain immoveable properties that had been seized by the authorities in
October 2015 (“the seizure order”) pursuant to ss 35(7) and 370(2) of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”). The seizure order
was made after the Defendant was charged on or about 26 September 2015 with
six counts of corruption under s 5(b)(i) (read with s 29) of the Prevention of
Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed) (“the PCA”) for match fixing activities
that had taken place in 2013–2014. Section 5(b)(i) of the PCA reads as
follows:

Punishment for corruption

5. Any person who shall by himself or by or in conjunction with any other person —

…

(b) corruptly give, promise or offer to any person whether for the benefit of
that person or of another person,

any gratification as an inducement to or reward for, or otherwise on account
of —

(i) any person doing or forbearing to do anything in respect of any matter or
transaction whatsoever, actual or proposed; …

…

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $100,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or to
both.

Trial on five of the corruption charges was on-going in the State Courts at
the time of the Application with the remaining sixth charge stood down. The
trial judge had called for the Defendant to take the stand after rejecting his
submission that there was no case for him to answer.

6 At the hearing, this court was informed that the Defendant was being
investigated for possible offences under s 47 of the Corruption, Drug
Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap 65A,
2000 Rev Ed) (“the CDSA”) although no charges thereunder have been preferred
against him.

7 The items seized pursuant to the seizure order included monies exceeding
$500,000 in the three UOB bank accounts (“the UOB accounts”) set out in [1]
above at para (1). Caveats had also been lodged by the Registrar of the
Singapore Land Authority (“the SLA”) over the immoveable properties listed in
[1] at para (2) (except for the Bedok Ria property) pursuant to s 7(1)(b) of
the LTA which states:

General powers of Registrar

7.—(1) The Registrar may exercise the following powers:

……

(b) he may enter caveats for the prevention of fraud or improper dealing
whenever he has reason to think that fraud or improper dealing may occur, or
for the prevention of any dealing with any registered land which has been
found to be erroneous;

Another seven bank accounts seized by the Applicant were subsequently released
by the Applicant and were not the subject of the extension of the seizure
order to 30 June 2016 granted by the State Courts.

8 In the Criminal Motions, the Defendant and GK applied to set aside the
seizure order. In the alternative, they applied under s 35(7) of the CPC for
the release of certain amounts from the UOB accounts to meet their reasonable
expenses, including payment of their legal fees. Section 35(7) of the CPC
states:

Powers to seize property in certain circumstances

(7) A court may —

(a) subsequent to an order of a police officer made under subsection (2); and

(b) on the application of any person who is prevented from dealing w property,

order the release of such property or any part of such property.

9 The Judgment only addressed the issue of whether the court below was correct
in granting the seizure order under s 370 of the CPC. That section reads as
follows:

Procedure governing seizure of property

370.—(1) If a police officer seizes property which is taken under section 35
or 78, or alleged or suspected to have been stolen, or found under
circumstances that lead him to suspect an offence, he must make a report of
the seizure to a Magistrate’s Court at the earlier of the following times:

(a) when the police officer considers that such property is no longer relevant
for the purposes of any investigation, inquiry, trial or other proceeding
under this Code; or

(b) one year from the date of seizure of the property.

(2) Subject to subsection (3), the Magistrate’s Court must, upon the receipt
of such report referred to in subsection (1), make such order as it thinks fit
respecting the delivery of the property to the person entitled to the
possession of it or, if that person cannot be ascertained, respecting the
custody and production of the property.

(3) The Magistrate’s Court must not dispose of any property if there is any
pending court proceeding under any written law in relation to the property in
respect of which the report referred to in subsection (1) is made, or if it is
satisfied that such property is relevant for the purposes of any
investigation, inquiry, trial or other proceeding under this Code.

10 At the hearing of the Criminal Motions, the Applicant argued that the funds
in the UOB accounts were relevant to investigations under the CDSA, were the
main focus of those CDSA investigations and the extension of the seizure order
was necessary to prevent a risk of dissipation.

11 Menon CJ pointed out (at [34]) of the Judgment that s 35(1)(b) and (c) of
the CPC concerned the seizure or the prevention of the disposal of evidence or
items used or intended to be used to commit an offence. Those provisions would
not extend to a seizure for the purpose of preventing the dissipation of
certain property, pending a final order for the disposal of that property.

12 Menon CJ went on to consider whether s 35(1)(a) of the CPC would extend to
a seizure for the purpose of preventing the dissipation of certain property,
pending a final order for the disposal of the same. He held that it would
provided that the items seized were the fruits or the traceable proceeds of an
identifiable crime. He pointed to the distinction in language between s
35(1)(a) and s 35(1)(b) and (c). The three subsections read as follows:

Powers to seize property in certain circumstances

35.—(1) A police officer may seize, or prohibit the disposal of or dealing in,
any property —

(a) in respect of which an offence is suspected to have been committed;

(b) which is suspected to have been used or intended to be used to commit an
offence; or

(c) which is suspected to constitute evidence of an offence.

13 As the funds in the UOB accounts were not the fruits or the traceable
proceeds of an identifiable crime, Menon CJ held that s 35(1)(a) of the CPC
precluded the Applicant from holding onto those funds. Menon CJ inquired (at
[57]) why the Applicant did not proceed under the powers of seizure contained
in the CDSA as in some respects, the CDSA expanded the reach of the powers of
seizure beyond those provided under s 35 of the CPC. His Honour cited in
particular the power to seize under the CDSA even if the property did not form
the traceable proceeds of an identifiable offence. He noted that the potential
reach of a CDSA restraint order is wider than that of seizure under s 35 of
the CPC.

14 Menon CJ held that the Magistrate had erred in granting the seizure order
as there was no reasonable basis before her to find that the seized funds were
relevant to any of the purposes listed under s 370(3) of the CPC (set out at
[9] above).

15 On 13 March 2017, Menon CJ granted the Criminal Motions and set aside the
seizure (“the release order”). Menon CJ rejected the Applicant’s request for a
stay of execution on the release order.

16 Menon CJ’s refusal on 14 March 2017 to grant a stay of the release order
was the catalyst for the filing of the OS. The Applicant’s move was also
prompted in part by the conduct of the Defendant and GK who wasted no time in
attempting to withdraw their funds from the UOB accounts. Indeed, on the very
same afternoon that Menon CJ refused to grant the Applicant’s application for
a stay, they tried to withdraw the funds. They failed as UOB required an order
of court for the release. The Defendant’s solicitors responded to UOB’s
refusal with a demand letter on 16 March 2017, stating that unless UOB
released the funds in the UOB accounts by 4.00pm, the Defendant would commence
proceedings against the bank. That did the trick. While counsel was before me
at the hearing on 16 March 2017, the Defendant and GK withdrew almost all the
funds in the UOB accounts.

The Originating Summons

The Applicant’s case

17 The Application was supported by an affidavit filed by Lam Wai Chong
(“Lam”) who is a principal special investigator of the CPIB. Lam’s affidavit
contained (in exhibit LWC-4) a concealed income analysis report (“the Analysis
Report”) that he had prepared in relation to the Defendant’s financial
affairs. According to Deputy Public Prosecutor Tan Kiat Pheng (“Mr Tan”), the
methodology employed by Lam is an established practice used by the CPIB and
the Central Narcotics Bureau as well as by the Inland Revenue authorities of
the United States.

18 In the Analysis Report, Lam computed the Defendant’s net worth using 2008
as the base year, based on the Applicant’s belief that the Defendant’s
criminal activities started in 2009. Lam’s calculations were done up to 30
September 2015.

19 The Analysis Report stated the following:

(a) the Defendant was only gainfully employed for a few months between
September 2008 and February 2009;

(b) GK stopped working after she conceived her first child in 2002 and was
last employed by Singapore Airlines as a flight attendant;

(c) the couple had three children of school-going age and had a helper; and

(d) the Defendant paid income taxes of $11,488.96 and $8,331.32 in 2013 and
2015 respectively.

20 The 17-page Analysis Report took into account:

(a) the couple’s rental income from all their properties (local and overseas)
between 2008 and 2013;

(b) the Defendant’s winnings from Singapore Pools of $546,840 and $790,830
(from his bets of $279,000 and $362,500) in 2013 and 2015 respectively;

(c) the Defendant’s winnings of $177,200 from gambling on eleven occasions at
Resort Worlds Sentosa between 2010 and 2015 although he also suffered losses
of $188,900 in 2010, 2014 and 2015. He had also lost $18,000 gambling at the
casino at Marina Bay Sands;

(d) the Defendant’s alleged inheritance from his late father in 2010 of $1m
cash and the Chancery Court property;

(e) the sale of No. 74 Duxton Road, Singapore (“the Duxton Road property”) in
2010 for a gross sum of $3,350,000 and a net sum of $822,876.09 as the
Defendant’s share; as well as

(f) the expenses incurred between 2008 and 2015 by the Defendant and GK which
included the following:

(i) household as well as their children’s expenses;

(ii) payments on eleven credit cards they held;

(iii) insurance premiums totalling $404,132.52 that was on eleven insurance
policies between 2008 and 2015;

(iv) road tax and insurance premium paid on their Toyota vehicle; and

(v) vacation trips to London, Cuba, Penang and Phuket.

21 The Analysis Report concluded that the Defendant had disproportionate
wealth estimated at $3,811,127.30 during the period January 2009 and September
2015 which was likely to be derived from his criminal activities.

22 Mr Tan informed this court that having taken note of the comments made by
Menon CJ in the Judgment, the Applicant filed the OS and the Application.

The Defendant’s case

23 Not surprisingly, the Defendant disputed the findings in the Analysis
Report and his counsel, Mr Sreenivasan challenged the methodology adopted by
Lam in its preparation.

24 Mr Sreenivasan submitted that a restraint order is far more serious than a
Mareva injunction. Further, a confiscation order under s 5(1) of the CDSA can
only be made when the Defendant is convicted, for which s 5(6) first requires
a presumption that the Defendant did hold property or interest in property
that was disproportionate to his known sources of income and which holding
cannot be explained to the satisfaction of the court. He pointed to the
requirements for a charging order set out under s 15(1)(a), (b) and (c) in
particular (c) that “the court must be satisfied that there is reasonable
cause to believe that benefits have been derived by the defendant from drug
dealing or from criminal conduct”. He contended this requirement was missing
in the Defendant’s case.

25 Mr Sreenivasan then drew this court’s attention to various passages in the
Judgment, which he asserted meant that the Applicant’s case against the
Defendant was lacking in many respects.

26 Mr Sreenivasan was puzzled why the Applicant chose to redact from the
exhibits in Lam’s supporting affidavit portions of the Defendant’s affidavit
filed in the State Courts on 28 October 2016, portions of GK’s statement
recorded by the CPIB on 6 October 2015, portions of the Defendant’s UOB
accounts’ statements as well as portions of the statement recorded on 19
August 2016 by CPIB from the Defendant’s brother, Vijay Nath Rai (“Vijay”). He
also questioned why the Applicant did not give this court a copy of the
Defendant’s as well as GK’s affidavit, both filed on 2 December 2016 (jointly
“the two December 2016 affidavits”) in support of the Criminal Motions.

27 Mr Sreenivasan pointed out that the above omissions were significant
because, had this court been apprised of the two December affidavits, the
court would have been aware that some issues before this court had already
been addressed.

28 He then referred to the affidavits filed on the morning of 17 March 2017 by
the Defendant and GK (“the 17 March 2017 affidavits”). GK’s affidavit
explained her withdrawals from the UOB accounts, the timings of those
withdrawals as well as the reasons therefor. Counsel did not dispute Mr Tan’s
statement that the Defendant and GK wanted to make withdrawals from the UOB
accounts but pointed out that prior to the seizure of her own bank account, GK
had made no attempt to withdraw her funds of $500,000 that were not the
Defendant’s.

29 Mr Sreenivasan questioned Lam’s qualifications in preparing the Analysis
Report. He contended that Lam had done a “horrible job” and inquired what
criminal activity the Defendant had engaged in, that prompted Lam to use 2008
as the base year for his analysis.

30 Mr Sreenivasan pointed out that in the Defendant’s 17 March 2017 affidavit,
he had deposed to the fact that he had sold his businesses in three bars in
2005 for which the Defendant was collecting payments by instalments. Mr
Sreenivasan argued it was absurd for the Analysis Report to state that the
Defendant’s net worth was a negative $4.033m when the Defendant had been in
business for a long time, owned three bars at one time, traded in
diamonds/precious stones and held a moneylender’s licence like his elder
brother, Bijabahadur Rai (“Bijabahadur”). Moreover, the Applicant had not
taken into account all of the Defendant’s winnings from Singapore Pools as
well as from his bets on European football clubs. When this court inquired, Mr
Sreenivasan confirmed that the Defendant was a very successful punter.

31 I now return to the 17 March 2017 affidavits, stated above in [28]. The
Defendant’s 17 March 2017 affidavit elaborated on his business activities set
out in [30]. He added that he also acted as a consultant to persons who wished
to set up new businesses or operate food and beverage related companies, both
locally and overseas. He deposed that he occasionally borrowed money from his
two elder brothers who are also successful businessmen.

32 The Defendant disclosed that he was a very heavy gambler, both locally and
overseas, whether in sports or in casinos. Due to his many contacts in
football circles acquired over the years, the Defendant claimed he often
received good betting tips from those sources.

33 Notwithstanding what Mr Tan had informed this court, the Defendant pointed
out that to-date, he had neither been charged for any offences under the CDSA
nor had he been interviewed by the CPIB in that regard or told what the
offences were for which he was being investigated.

34 He complained that the Applicant had deliberately redacted in the copy
tendered to this court, portions of the Defendant’s October 2016 affidavit,
despite a duty to make full and frank disclosure for applications made under
ss 16 and 17 of the CDSA. The Applicant had also intentionally redacted
important information pertaining to the sources of the Defendant’s income as
set out in the Defendant’s October 2016 affidavit.

35 In the Defendant’s October 2016 affidavit, he had explained how he had
obtained the funding for the purchase of the four properties listed at [1](2)
all of which the Applicant ignored. His source of funds were:

(a) an inheritance from his late father who passed away in November 2010;

(b) money that he obtained from his property investments;

(c) his earnings from operations of pubs that he owned; and

(d) his substantial winnings in placing bets with Singapore Pools over several
years.

36 The Defendant elaborated on [355] by providing the following details:

(a) The Chancery Court property

This flat was originally purchased by his father and brother, Vijay in 1996,
using in part a compensation sum of $43,500 that the Defendant had received
from the Singapore Armed Forces for an injury he had sustained to his left eye
while doing national service. The flat was transferred to the Defendant in
November 2000 with him taking over repayment of the housing loan.

(b) Overseas property at 324 City Point, Conningham Court Kidbrooke Village
London, SE9 United Kingdom (“the Conningham property”)

The Defendant noted that the Analysis Report showed an increase in value from
2012 to 2015 but this was due to the increase in value of the British pound
vis-à-vis the Singapore dollar and not an actual increase in the property’s
value. That increase in value however was taken by the Applicant to have
contributed to his “illegal income”.

(c) HDB flat at 895A, Tampines Street 81, Singapore 521895

The Defendant pointed out that this flat did not belong to him but to his
cousin, Inderjit Rai. It should therefore not be included as part of his
assets. (The Applicant on the other hand maintained that the Defendant paid
for and hence beneficially owned the flat).

(d) Diamond trading business

The Defendant deposed that he traded in diamonds between 2008 and 2015. In the
Analysis Report, Lam stated that there were no records at the Accounting and
Corporate Regulatory Authority of the Defendant’s shareholdings or
directorships in any registered business entities engaging in diamond trading.
The Defendant deposed that was because his diamond trading was transacted in
cash and carried out overseas in London, Antwerp, Panama and the Middle East
and for which he travelled three to four times every month. The Analysis
Report did not reflect his income from his diamond trade for which his
undeclared income was estimated to be $1m between 2008 and 2015. This figure
was omitted from the Analysis Report.

(e) Food and beverage business

The Defendant deposed that he met with a serious road accident in 2005 which
forced him to sell his businesses. The Analysis Report failed to take into
account the sum of $1.6–$1.7m that he received from selling his businesses.
Consequently, the Analysis Report was inaccurate in stating that his income
was approximately a negative $4m. He had in fact a few hundred thousand
dollars in cash and outstanding sums owed to him.

(f) Other income sources

(i) The Defendant deposed that he had other income from acting as a business
consultant in Malaysia, Latvia and England for the opening and operation of
bars, pubs and restaurants some of which assignments paid him $50,000 each.
Sometimes, he had three of such assignments in a year.

(ii) The Defendant deposed that his winnings from Singapore Pools were placed
in either his account with Standard Chartered Bank or in his UOB High Yield
account listed above at [1(1)(c)].

37 Besides not disclosing and/or redacting the Defendant’s October 2016
affidavit, the Defendant alleged that the Applicant had redacted significant
portions of Vijay’s statement as well as GK’s statement dated 19 August 2016
and 6 October 2016 respectively, recorded by the CPIB. Further, the Applicant
had deliberately omitted from disclosing to this court the Defendant’s three
affidavits and GK’s two affidavits filed for the Criminal Motions in which he
and GK had set out the sources of their income.

38 At the hearing, Mr Tan alleged that on the very day the Defendant was
arrested, the Defendant had through GK withdrawn $500,000 from a UOB account.
The Defendant disagreed. He explained that before his arrest, he had been in
Panama. There, he received a telephone call from his brother, Vijay to whom he
then owed $1.8m. Vijay had requested that the Defendant return $500,000 of
that loan as Vijay needed the money for an investment. Hence, the Defendant
telephoned GK and requested her to withdraw $500,000 by way of a cash cheque.
The Defendant claimed he would always leave a blank signed cheque with GK
whenever he travelled so that should anything happen to him, GK could withdraw
money to take care of herself and the children. That was how GK could withdraw
$500,000 to pay Vijay. The Defendant emphasised he had asked GK to withdraw
the sum even before his arrest by CPIB. Once arrested, he could not
communicate with anyone. If indeed he intended to dissipate his money, he
would have asked GK to withdraw all the funds in the UOB accounts instead of
only $500,000.

39 In regard to the withdrawals from the UOB accounts, the Defendant explained
that following upon the release order of Menon CJ and the dismissal of the
Applicant’s application for a stay of the release order, he and GK visited UOB
in the afternoon of 14 March 2017. He was unable to withdraw any funds because
UOB took the view that an order of court was necessary for the withdrawals to
be made.

40 The Defendant’s solicitors gave a deadline of 4.00pm on 16 March 2017 for
UOB to release funds from the UOB accounts or action would be taken against
the bank. That enabled the Defendant and GK to withdraw a total of $551,650
from the UOB accounts between 4.19pm and 4.32pm on 16 March 2017. He deposed
that his other solicitor, Jason Lim called him at 4.00pm to say UOB was
lifting the seizure. By the time he received Mr Sreenivasan’s telephone call
at 4.22pm to inform him that this court had directed that he should not
dispose of the funds in the UOB accounts, the Defendant had already made the
withdrawals, submitted the TT forms to UOB and he had handed cash $200,000 to
GK which was later passed to Vijay at a carpark along Philip Street.

41 In the Defendant’s October 2016 affidavit, he had complained that the
seizure order had caused him financial hardship – he had been unable to pay
for basic necessities such as his family’s food and household expenses, his
car’s expenses, utilities, insurance premiums and his children’s school and
tuition fees. He had also been unable to settle his outstanding tax
liabilities, property tax on his properties, mortgage instalments on his/GK’s
housing loans from OCBC, credit card bills and legal fees. The total amounts
he owed approximated $150,000–$200,000 which could easily be paid if his
seized funds were released.

42 GK’s 17 March 2017 affidavit in essence corroborated the Defendant’s
affidavit of the same date and it would not be necessary to dwell further on
it save to say that she disclosed that between 4.28pm and 4.32pm on 16 March
2017, three telegraphic transfers totalling $351,650 02,000 were remitted to
the account of Shree Rai, which is the moneylending business of the
Defendant’s brother, Bijabahadur. Of that amount, $302,000 and $33,700 came
from her account while $15,950 was remitted from the Defendant’s account.

The report of Ferrier Hodgson Pte Ltd

43 To counter the Analysis Report and Lam’s affidavit, the Defendant produced
in his supplementary affidavit, a report dated 16 March 2017 he had obtained
from Ferrier Hodgson Pte Ltd (“the FH Report”), an accounting expert. Citing
the FH report, the Defendant contended that if the Analysis Report was indeed
accurate, there would not be any negative concealed income as the Applicant
alleged. He contended that the fact that the Analysis Report stated there was
negative concealed income meant that Lam’s analysis was flawed.

44 The FH Report criticised the Analysis Report, noting that Lam’s analysis of
the change in net worth of the Defendant did not take into account the change
in value of assets due to market conditions. The FH Report opined that the
Analysis Report was essentially an analysis of cash flow which would not be
accurate at all unless all assets acquired or disposed of were identified and
included in the computation. The FH Report added that it was unusual to have
two negative amounts as stated in the Report of $514,440.75 and $1,375,116.33
as concealed income for 2009 and 2011 respectively as concealed income can
only be categorised as income which is unaccounted for. It cannot be a
negative figure (as Mr Sreenivasan contended).

45 The FH Report went on to expand in greater detail the perceived flaws in
the Analysis Report. First, it was noted that the Analysis Report recorded the
Defendant’s opening net worth as $4,033,852.40 by subtracting his liabilities
of $5,998,148.20 from his assets of $2,403,000 as at 31 December 2008. That
implied that either the Defendant had incurred larger liabilities without
acquiring equivalent assets (namely he had borrowed and lost/expended the
monies) or, that he was holding assets which had not been identified or
captured in Lam’s analysis. The FH Report noted that Lam failed to take into
account amounts owed to the Defendant by third parties or cash that he held.

46 As the starting net worth is critical to the entire analysis, the
discrepancy calls into question the entire Analysis Report unless the reason
for the large negative net worth was ascertained and considered.

47 The FH Report further noted that as at 31 December 2008, the Defendant’s
assets apparently comprised of bank deposits and properties while his
liabilities were bank and personal loans. In that regard, the FH Report noted
that personal loans to the Defendant from family members totalling $2.3m made
up 60% of the Defendant’s total liabilities of $3,806,295.82 as at 30
September 2015. Using the outstanding loans as at 30 September 2015, Lam had
then used the figure to calculate retrospectively the amounts of personal
loans extended by the Defendant’s family members for the years 2008 to 2014
without providing any explanation or banking or other supporting documents.

48 Further, the Analysis Report recorded the values of the Defendant’s
Singapore immoveable properties at their historical purchase prices and
maintained those prices throughout the period of the analysis. Even then, the
total value of the properties held by the Defendant stated to be $4,765,204.50
was inconsistent with the Appendix A figure of $4,743,204.50. There were no
supporting documents to explain why the Defendant’s share of the Duxton Road
property was determined to be 23% of the purchase and sale prices of
$2,500,000 and $3,350,000 respectively. Moreover, the rental income taken into
account by Lam did not identify the properties from which the income was
derived.

49 As for the Conningham property, the FH Report pointed out that the Analysis
Report should not have taken into account currency fluctuations between the
Singapore dollar and the British pound. The appropriate exchange rate to be
used would be that at the point of purchase.

50 Another criticism in the FH Report related to the Defendant’s Toyota
vehicle. It noted that the Analysis Report recorded the vehicle’s value
consistently at $40,000 from 2009 to 2013 without taking into account
depreciation, repair and running expenses.

51 The same criticism was levelled against Lam’s computation of household
expenses. Lam had used the same figure of $80,905 for such expenses for every
year from 2008 to 2015 without taking into account fluctuations in some items
such as utilities charges.

52 Lam’s treatment of the Defendant’s credit card expenses also attracted
criticism in the FH report. It was noted that while Lam had recorded the
credit card payments made by the Defendant from 2011 to 2015, he had omitted
to record any outstanding liabilities owed on the Defendant’s eleven credit
cards for the same period.

53 The FH Report noted that Lam’s figures for the Defendant’s income tax
payments for the years 2012 to 2015 totalling $17,303.17 were inconsistent
with the payments stated in Appendix A of $19,820.28. A similar inconsistency
was noted between the employment incomes received by the Defendant and GK
which were recorded as $2,048 and $1,078.26 respectively in the Analysis
Report but the total of $3,126.26 differed from those in Annex A which stated
the figures were $12,505.04 and $6,252.52 respectively for 2008 and 2009,
totalling $18,757.56.

The decision

54 It would be appropriate to first look at the provisions of the CDSA upon
which the OS was grounded. Section 5(6) of the CDSA reads as follows:

Without prejudice to section 28, for the purposes of this Act, a person who
holds or has at any time (whether before or after 13th September 1999) held
any property or any interest therein (including income accruing from such
property or interest) disproportionate to his known sources of income, the
holding of which cannot be explained to the satisfaction of the court, shall,
until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have derived benefits from
criminal conduct.

55 The restraint order that the Applicant sought was pursuant to s 16(1) and
(4) of the CDSA which read as follows:

Restraint orders

16.—(1) The High Court may make a restraint order to prohibit any person from
dealing with any realisable property, subject to such conditions and
exceptions as may be specified in the order.

…

(4) A restraint order —

(a) may be made only on an application by the Public Prosecutor;

(b) may be made on an ex parte application to a Judge in chambers; and

(c) shall provide for notice to be given to persons affected by the order.

56 The application for a charging order was pursuant to s 17(1)(a) and (3) of
the CDSA. The sections read:-

Charging orders in respect of land, securities, etc.

17.—(1) The High Court may make a charging order on realisable property for
securing the payment to the Government —

(a) where a confiscation order has not been made, of an amount equal to the
value from time to time of the property charged;

…

(3) A charging order may be made —

(a) only on an application by the Public Prosecutor

(b) on an ex parte application to a Judge in chambers.

57 It can be seen from the relevant provisions in ss 5, 16 and 17 of the CDSA
as set out above that the powers granted to the State are very wide indeed and
do not have the restrictions contained in s 35(1) of the CPC highlighted by
Menon CJ in the Judgment (see [11]–[12] above). Those sections were the basis
for the comprehensive orders that were sought by the Applicant.

58 It bears mentioning from [2] above that, save for granting charging orders
on the four properties listed and freezing the funds in the UOB accounts, this
court declined to grant the other prayers in the Application. In the light of
the substantial withdrawals made therefrom by the Defendant and GK as set out
in [39]–[40] above, the freezing orders that were granted on the UOB accounts
were also academic as the accounts had been largely depleted.

59 This court informed the parties at the time of making the orders that the
orders granted were a temporary measure in the light of Mr Tan’s assurance
that the Applicant only wanted such temporary measures to be in place until
such time as the State was ready to proffer charges against the Defendant
under the CDSA.

60 This court was willing to accommodate the Applicant to a limited extent as
reflected in the charging and freezing orders that were granted, as the court
indicated that the State should expedite its intended proceedings against the
Defendant under the CDSA.

61 In that regard, it is noted that the Defendant had been charged for match
fixing in September 2015 and the trial took place about 18 months later. If
the Defendant will indeed be charged under the CDSA, it was incumbent on the
Applicant to do so promptly out of fairness to the Defendant and in the
interests of justice.

62 While this court appreciates that the State must necessarily exercise
caution in bringing such serious criminal charges against any individual, it
behoves the Applicant not to delay such proceedings against the Defendant if
so intended. The Applicant has been familiar with the facts surrounding the
Defendant’s case since before 27 May 2015, that being the date of the second
charge that was proffered against the Defendant under s 5(b)(i) read with s 29
of the PCA. Therefore, regardless of the type or nature of the charges that
were brought against the Defendant, the State must have commenced
investigations against the Defendant in 2015 or even earlier. Hence, the
Applicant should be in a position to make a timely decision on whether and
what charges should be brought against the Defendant under the CDSA.

63 As for the Analysis Report, while this court accepts that the methodology
applied by Lam was/is adopted by other law enforcement agencies locally and
overseas, the application of the methodology is a different consideration
altogether.

64 This court noted that the criticisms in the FH Report against Lam’s
computations in [48]–[51] are not unfounded. There should not be discrepant
figures for the total values of the immoveable properties owned by the
Defendant and/or GK while the increase in value of the British pound against
the Singapore dollar (up to September 2015) cannot be a basis to compute the
increase in value of the Conningham property as an item of unexplained income.
Moreover, the value of any motor vehicle cannot remain constant for seven
years, let alone the Defendant’s second-hand Toyota. Depreciation alone would
have reduced its $40,000 value in 2009 to nil or a negligible sum by 2013. The
same comment would equally apply to household expenses. It cannot remain a
static figure of $80,905 for eight years as Lam stated in his analysis.

65 I should add that the above discrepancies were not addressed at all in
Lam’s second affidavit filed on 20 March 2017. Orally, Lam had at the hearing
that day, amended certain figures in the Analysis Report as well as in
Appendix A. However, his oral amendments did not explain the discrepancies and
shortcomings noted in the FH Report (which were accepted by this court).

66 I should point out that Mr Tan had, in response to the criticism on Lam’s
unjustified increase in the value of the Conningham property, submitted that
even if that increase in value (approximating $45,000) over four years was
discounted, it would not change the Defendant’s unexplained wealth of
$3,811,127.30. I agreed with this submission. This court further noted that
the other discrepancies enumerated at [48], [50] and [51] would not make any
significant dent in the disproportionate wealth figure of $3,811,127.30.

67 Leaving aside the dispute between the Applicant and the Defendant vis-à-vis
the methodology used to calculate the Defendant’s assets and liabilities, this
court cannot overlook the fact that a person of the Defendant’s reasonably
modest means and who of late (with his wife) was not gainfully employed,
possessed wealth far in excess of his known means and sources of income. In
this regard, this court gave the Defendant the full benefit of the doubt that
he was consistently if not always, successful in the (huge) bets he placed on
football matches by European clubs.

68 Further, if as the Defendant claimed, he traded in diamond/precious stones
overseas always on a cash basis, there must be some sort/form of documentation
for such trades. Yet not one iota of evidence was produced by the Defendant to
support this source of trade and attendant substantial income. Even if his
buyers bought from the Defendant on cash terms basis and there were no
acknowledgements of payment let alone paper trails, why was there no
documentation from his suppliers and who were those suppliers? Surely his
suppliers would have issued invoices and/or receipts.

69 In the same vein, why was there no documentation pertaining to instalment
payments allegedly made to him by the buyers of his three bar businesses?
Would there not be some form/sort of written agreement evidencing his sales
and the instalment payments if the Defendant sold the businesses for
substantial sums of around $1.6–1.7m?

70 This court therefore adopted a pragmatic approach. Even if the unexplained
wealth of $3.8m was discounted by $1m, the unexplained balance of $2.8m was
still a substantial figure, that called for explanations supported by credible
documentation. The Defendant’s explanations and his counsel’s submissions
could not/did not reduce this figure to zero.

71 Section 15(1)(c) of the CDSA stipulates that in order for the court to make
a restraint order under s 16 or a charging order under s 17, the court must be
satisfied that “there is reasonable cause to believe that benefits have been
derived by the defendant from drug dealing or from criminal conduct, as the
case may be”. Looking at the Analysis Report and comparing the information
therein with what was deposed to in the various affidavits of the Defendant
and GK that was placed before this court, it cannot be said that the State did
not have indirect proof (as stated in para 27 of the Analysis Report) “that
[the Defendant] had disproportionate wealth estimated to be S$3,811,127.30/-
during the material period from January 2009 to September 2015 which is likely
to be derived from his criminal conduct”.

72 Consequently, this court granted the orders set out in [2] above as a
temporary measure.

Lai Siu Chiu  
Senior Judge

Tan Kiat Pheng, Navin Naidu, Stacey Fernandez and Loh Hui-Min (Attorney-
General’s Chambers) for the Applicant;  
N Sreenivasan SC and Lim Wei Liang Jason (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the
Defendant.  

.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

