Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGCA 42

Civil Appeal No 137 of 2016

Between

Ngee Ann Development Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Takashimaya Singapore Ltd  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Landlord and tenant] – [Leases] – [Interpretation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ngee Ann Development Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Takashimaya Singapore Ltd

[2017] SGCA 42

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 137 of 2016  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Judith Prakash JA and Steven Chong JA  
17 April 2017

6 July 2017 Judgment reserved.

Steven Chong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal arises from a dispute involving a lease of some 56,105 sqm of
commercial space (“the Demised Premises”) in Ngee Ann City, one of Singapore’s
most prestigious shopping complexes in the heart of the famed Orchard Road
shopping belt. Since 1993, the Demised Premises have been leased from the
appellant landlord (“Ngee Ann Development”) by the respondent tenant
(“Takashimaya”), a department store operator which also runs a sizable and
well-known department store occupying about 38,000 sqm of the Demised
Premises. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

ROA vol III (Part 5) p7 at para 12(a); vol V (Part 5) p132 at para 5.3.

Both Ngee Ann City and Takashimaya’s department store have, over the years,
become iconic retail destinations of the Orchard Road shopping belt, even
amidst the high concentration of retail outlets in the area.

2 The commercial relationship between Ngee Ann Development and Takashimaya has
a considerable history. Their lease commenced more than 20 years ago in 1993.
It comprises an initial term of 20 years and provides for six consecutive
options to renew, each for a period of 10 years (save for the last option
period which is to last for about 8.5 years). It is immediately apparent from
the length of the lease alone that the parties contemplated a long term
relationship which could extend to an aggregate period of almost 80 years.
Bearing in mind that Takashimaya’s parent company, Takashimaya Co Ltd
(“Takashimaya Japan”), owns 26.3% of Ngee Ann Development, the length of the
lease is hardly surprising.

3 The lease contained an express provision that the renewal rent of each
option period shall be the “prevailing market rental value” of the Demised
Premises. The parties were divided as to whether such rental value is to be
determined on the basis of the “the existing configuration” of the Demised
Premises as currently in use by Takashimaya or a hypothetical configuration
that would yield “the highest and best use” of the Demised Premises, subject
only to the terms of the lease. The difference between these two approaches is
likely to have huge financial repercussions especially given the multiplying
effect over the aggregate lease period should all the renewal options be
exercised.

4 In deciding on the correct approach, it is important to bear in mind that
ultimately the tenant is exercising an option to renew the lease for a further
period of 10 years. Adopting Ngee Ann Development’s interpretation would
necessarily entail a notional valuation based on a hypothetical configuration
of the Demised Premises which may well bear no resemblance to the existing
configuration as currently in use by Takashimaya. This would invariably lead
to a further difficulty. Which hypothetical configuration should be adopted
for the valuation since different hypothetical configurations would yield
different valuations? According to Ngee Ann Development, the choice of the
configuration should be left to the appointed valuer. Was this contemplated by
the parties under the lease and would such an interpretation derogate from
Takashimaya’s right to exercise the option to renew the lease and effectively
impair its prerogative to choose the configuration of the Demised Premises?

5 The rent renewal clause provides that the “prevailing market rental value”
shall be determined by a licensed valuer who “shall act as an expert and not
as an arbitrator” and whose “decision shall be conclusive and binding on the
parties”. Each party appointed a valuer. Unfortunately the valuation process
was aborted due to an alleged breach of the terms of the valuers’
appointments. Disagreement ensued between the parties as to the appropriate
steps to remedy the alleged breach which eventually led to the present
proceedings. In this connection, this judgment will examine the role of the
court with respect to a valuation process in the context of an agreement which
contractually provides for appointed valuers, acting as experts, to arrive at
a conclusive and binding valuation.

Facts

The parties

6 The appellant, Ngee Ann Development, is a subsidiary of Ngee Ann Kongsi.
Ngee Ann Development is the registered proprietor of the Demised Premises
(which is comprised in Strata Lot U5784W of Town Subdivision 21 at 391 Orchard
Road, Ngee Ann City, Singapore). Its Executive Director is Mr Teo Chiang Long,
who was the sole witness of fact for Ngee Ann Development at the trial in the
High Court.

7 The respondent, Takashimaya, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Takashimaya
Japan, a Japanese company well-known for its operation of large prestigious
department stores. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROA vol III (Part 5) p4.

Takashimaya’s primary factual witness was Mr Masahiro Yoshino, a director of
Takashimaya who moved to Singapore from Japan in 1990 to manage Takashimaya’s
business here.

The genesis of the parties’ relationship

8 The parties’ relationship began in 1989, when representatives from Ngee Ann
Kongsi and Takashimaya Japan entered into discussions concerning the lease of
the Demised Premises. On 18 July 1989, Ngee Ann Development and Takashimaya
entered into a conditional agreement (“the Conditional Agreement”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROA vol V (Part 1) pp28–34.

Pursuant to the Conditional Agreement, the parties were to enter into an
Agreement for Lease, 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROA vol V (Part 1) pp42–62.

a document which was annexed to the Conditional Agreement. The terms of
Takashimaya’s lease of the Demised Premises were set out in a separate
document titled “Lease” 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROA vol V (Part 1) pp63–98.

(“the Lease”), which was in turn annexed to the Agreement for Lease. It is
this document – the Lease – that contains the terms of agreement that are
central to the dispute.

9 As part of the arrangements, Takashimaya Japan invested in Ngee Ann
Development and came to own 26.3% of the latter’s shares, with the remaining
shares owned by Ngee Ann Kongsi. Takashimaya Japan also appointed four out of
the 13 directors in Ngee Ann Development. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROA vol III (Part 5) p5 at para 8.

Accordingly, both Ngee Ann Development and Takashimaya have a common major
shareholder, ie, Takashimaya Japan.

The Lease

Terms governing the initial 20 year term

10 Under the terms of the Lease, Takashimaya would lease the Demised Premises
from Ngee Ann Development for an initial term of 20 years, which would
commence on 8 September 1993 and end on 7 September 2013. For the first five
years of that 20 year term, Takashimaya would pay a fixed monthly sum at the
rate of $9.70 per square foot (“psf”). It is unclear whether configuration of
the Demised Premises played any role in arriving at this rate. Thereafter, to
determine the rent payable for each successive five year period (“rent review
period”) up to the end of the initial 20 year term, a rent review would be
conducted.

11 In summary, the rent review mechanism as described in cl 2(c) of the Lease
operates in this manner. The parties would endeavour to agree on the
“prevailing market rental value of the Demised Premises”. If, by three months
before the commencement of the relevant rent review period, the parties still
have not reached agreement on the new rent, then Ngee Ann Development is to
appoint a licensed valuer to determine the “prevailing market rental value of
the Demised Premises”. The licensed valuer is to be nominated by agreement
between the parties, or, failing such agreement, by the President of the
Singapore Institute of Surveyors and Valuers (“SISV”). The “prevailing market
rental value of the Demised Premises” would be the new rent for that rent
review period.

12 Additionally, cl 11 of the Lease permits Takashimaya as lessee to sublet
the Demised Premises “on such terms and conditions as it shall determine”.
This is subject, under cl 11(d), to the retention of 10,000 sqm of the Demised
Premises (“the Retained Area”) for occupation by a single sub-lessee or by
Takashimaya itself. The sub-lessee is to be acceptable to Ngee Ann
Development, whose approval is not to be unreasonably withheld.

Terms governing the subsequent option periods

13 As earlier mentioned, Takashimaya is entitled to six consecutive options to
renew the Lease. For the first five options to renew, each period of renewal
(“option period”) would each last for 10 years. The sixth (and final) option
period would last for approximately 8.5 years ending on 30 March 2072.

14 In order to exercise its option to renew, Takashimaya is required to give
notice to Ngee Ann Development. Thereafter, under cl 12(c) of the Lease, the
parties are to endeavour to agree on the “prevailing market rental value of
the Demised Premises” for the purpose of determining the “renewal rent” for
the relevant option period in a procedure similar to the rent reviews for the
initial 20 year term described above. Under cl 12(d) of the Lease, the
“prevailing market rental value of the Demised Premises” thus agreed or
determined by the licensed valuer would be the renewal rent for the relevant
option period.

15 The Lease also provided that the rent for each option period would likewise
be subject to review every five years. The rent review mechanism described at
[11] above would also apply to the rent review for the option periods.

The initial 20 year term and the rent reviews

16 The parties did not agree on the rent payable until several years after the
initial 20 year term had commenced on 8 September 1993. No explanation was
provided for the delay in reaching agreement on the rental. On 17 November
1998, they entered into a supplemental agreement 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROA vol V (Part 1) pp154-170.

(“the Supplemental Agreement”) governing these matters. Under this agreement,
the parties accepted that the net floor area of the Demised Premises was
56,105 sqm, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROA vol V (Part 1) p158 at cl 2(a).

and that the monthly rent to be paid by Takashimaya for the first five years
of the initial 20 year term (from 8 September 1993 to 7 September 1998) was to
be capped at $5,011,680, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROA vol V (Part 1) p158 at cl 2(b).

varying the rental rate of $9.70 psf per month that was originally agreed in
the Lease (see [10] above). The new rental rate worked out to be about $8.30
psf per month. The parties further agreed that the rent payable for the first
rent review period (from 8 September 1998 to 7 September 2003) would be at the
unchanged rate of $5,011,680 per month (equivalent to about $8.30 psf per
month). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROA vol V (Part 1) p160 at cl 3.

The Second Rent Review

17 For the second five year rent review period from 8 September 2003 to 7
September 2008, the parties were unable to agree on the new rent. By way of a
letter dated 9 July 2003, 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROA vol V (Part 1) pp190–191.

Ngee Ann Development invoked the procedure under cl 2(c) of the Lease to have
the prevailing market rental value determined by a licensed valuer (see [11]
above). The SISV nominated Dr Lim Lan Yuan, a former Council Chairman of the
SISV, to carry out the rent review for this period (“the Second Rent Review”).

18 On 10 September 2003, Ngee Ann Development wrote to inform Dr Lim of his
appointment as valuer to determine the prevailing market rental value of the
Demised Premises for the Second Rent Review period. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROA vol V (Part 2) pp18–19.

Copies of the relevant documents were provided to Dr Lim. Dr Lim thereafter
produced a valuation report dated 3 December 2003, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROA vol III (Part 4) pp112–119.

in which he concluded that the prevailing market rental value was $4,090,000
per month or $49,080,000 per annum. This worked out to be $6.77 psf per month,
which is lower than the rent that Takashimaya paid for the initial five years
as well as for the first rent review period, under the terms of the
Supplemental Agreement (see [16] above).

19 On 8 May 2007, the parties executed instruments in relation to the Lease as
well as a Variation of Lease, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROA vol V (Part 2) pp49–53 and 84–87.

which essentially consolidated and formally incorporated into the Lease the
terms of several subsequent agreements, including the Supplemental Agreement.

The Third Rent Review

20 For the third five year rent review period from 8 September 2008 to 7
September 2013, the parties were again unable to agree on the rent to be paid.
Through a similar procedure, Dr Lim was appointed as valuer for the rent
review for this period (“the Third Rent Review”). Dr Lim produced a valuation
report 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROA vol III (Part 4) pp124–130.

dated 29 May 2009, determining the rental value at $5,300,000 per month or
$63,600,000 per annum (about $8.78 psf per month).

21 After Dr Lim had produced his report, a series of letters was then
exchanged between Mr Teo, writing on behalf of Ngee Ann Development, and Dr
Lim. These letters are relevant because they provide an insight into the
nature of Ngee Ann Development’s concerns as to how Dr Lim had carried out his
valuations.

22 In his letter to Dr Lim dated 10 June 2009, Mr Teo observed that the new
rent payable by Takashimaya had increased by only 5.75% from the previous rent
review period, but the rent payable by Toshin Development Co Ltd (“Toshin”) –
which had separately leased the part of Ngee Ann City owned by Orchard Square
Development Corporation Pte Ltd – had increased by 19.8%. Mr Teo sought “an
explanation on the huge difference in rental rates between Toshin
Development’s $12.49 psf per month as against the new rental for the area
leased to Takashimaya Singapore at $8.78 psf per month”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ROA vol III (Part 4) p132.

On 11 June 2009, Dr Lim replied in writing, explaining that the rent payable
by Takashimaya had in fact increased by 29.8%, (from $6.77 to $8.78 psf) and
that in any event the valuation had been based “on an analysis of the
prevailing market conditions taking into account the differences in size,
floor level, location etc”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ROA vol III (Part 4) p134.

23 Dissatisfied with Dr Lim’s response, Mr Teo again wrote to Dr Lim on 24
June 2009, disputing Dr Lim’s calculation of the percentage increase in rental
and again seeking “an explanation on the huge difference between the new
rental rates for Toshin and for Takashimaya Singapore”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ROA vol III (Part 4) pp135–136.

On 25 June 2009, Dr Lim explained 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ROA vol III (Part 4) p137.

that an “important factor affecting the rental rate [was] the difference in
lettable areas”, because Takashimaya leased an area that was 2.67 times that
of the area leased by Toshin. As the area leased by Toshin was “much smaller”,
it was “not unreasonable” that the rate payable by Toshin was higher in terms
of rent psf. No further reply or objection was forthcoming from Mr Teo or
other representatives of Ngee Ann Development.

The First Option Period

24 The detailed facts concerning the events after 18 January 2013, which was
the date on which Takashimaya gave notice to Ngee Ann Development of its
intention to exercise its option to renew the Lease for a further 10 year term
commencing on 8 September 2013 (“the First Option Period”), are set out
comprehensively in the High Court’s judgment (“the Judgment”) at [24]–[37]. We
do not propose to repeat them here in the same level of detail.

25 Suffice it to say that this was the point at which the parties’
disagreement over the renewal rent first arose. Takashimaya took the position
that the determination of the “prevailing market rental value of the Demised
Premises” should be based on the existing configuration of the Demised
Premises, or in other words, the current allocation of floor area to its
department store and specialty retail stores. Ngee Ann Development’s view was
that the valuer was permitted to posit a different configuration for the
purposes of the valuation exercise – more specifically, a configuration that
would reflect the “highest and best use” of the Demised Premises. The
negotiations between the parties on the renewal rent for the First Option
Period broke down as a result of this disagreement. Ngee Ann Development
commissioned a valuation report by Savills 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROA vol V (Part 2) pp128–141.

and in reliance thereon proposed a renewal rent at $19.83 psf per month, more
than double the then existing rent of $8.78 psf per month, which was promptly
rejected by Takashimaya.

26 Ngee Ann Development nominated Ms Sim Hwee Yan of CBRE Pte Ltd (“CBRE”) as
valuer and Takashimaya in turn nominated Ms Low Kin Hon of Knight Frank Pte
Ltd (“Knight Frank”). We will refer to Ms Sim and Ms Low collectively as “the
Valuers”. The parties then agreed to vary the procedure under cl 12 of the
Lease for the determination of the renewal rent. The Valuers were to
separately ascertain the “prevailing market rental value of the Demised
Premises”. The two rental values produced would then be averaged to determine
the renewal rent. The parties have referred to this variation as “the Revised
Rent Renewal Mechanism”. We should add that it is common ground that the
valuation procedure was varied only to the extent of providing for an average
of the two valuations instead of using a single valuation.

27 The parties then entered into negotiations on the drafting of a joint
appointment letter (“the Joint Appointment Letter”) to be sent to the Valuers.
Ngee Ann Development sought to include a provision in the Joint Appointment
Letter to specifically state that “there is no restriction in the Lease to
restrict the prevailing market rental value of the Demised Premises to be
determined by reference to the existing use of the Demised Premises”. Due to
Takashimaya’s objection, this was eventually removed and substituted with a
simple reproduction of cl 11(d) of the Lease, which merely sets out the
requirement regarding the Retained Area (see [12] above). Under the terms of
the Joint Appointment Letter, 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROA vol V (Part 3) pp107–109.

each party was entitled to make written representations to the Valuers, but
was required to provide a contemporaneous copy of those representations to the
other party.

28 The Joint Appointment Letter was issued to the Valuers on 11 April 2014. It
transpired, however, that Ngee Ann Development had sent written
representations 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ROA vol V (Part 5) pp154-157.

to the Valuers on 22 April 2014 (“22 April representations”), arguing that it
was open to the Valuers to consider a reconfiguration of the Demised Premises,
and enclosing a copy of Savills’ valuation report. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROA vol V (Part 4) pp113–127.

Crucially, Ngee Ann Development had omitted to provide a contemporaneous copy
of those representations to Takashimaya as required under the terms of the
Joint Appointment Letter.

29 Takashimaya came to learn of Ngee Ann Development’s 22 April
representations only after the Valuers had produced their valuation reports.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ROA vol V (Part 5) pp48–150.

Upon receiving those reports, Takashimaya sent an email query to Knight Frank
through their solicitors, enquiring why Knight Frank had stated in its report
that “open market rental” was a term that Knight Frank “would define as
intended to mean the best rental at which an interest in a property might
reasonably be expected to be let at the date of valuation”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ROA vol V (Part 5) pp151–152.

In its email reply, Knight Frank stated that its opinion of the “open market
rental value” was “in accordance with the basis of valuation set out in [Ngee
Ann Development’s 22 April representations] to both CBRE Pte Ltd and Knight
Frank Pte Ltd and copied Takashimaya Singapore Ltd”. Knight Frank further
referred to Ngee Ann Development’s “stipulat[ion]” within those
representations that (a) the prevailing market rental value should be
determined in accordance with the Valuation Standards and Guidelines adopted
by the SISV (“the SISV Guidelines”) which required a valuer to estimate the
“highest and best use” of the property in question; and (b) there was “no
provision in the Lease to restrict the determination of the prevailing market
rental value of the Demised Premises by reference to the existing or current
use by Takashimaya of the Demised Premises”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ROP vol V (Part 5) p153.

It is clear from Knight Frank’s reply that the valuation had been influenced
by Ngee Ann Development’s 22 April representations, which the Valuers had
taken into account without the benefit of any response from Takashimaya. In
fact, the absence of any response from Takashimaya would have given the
Valuers the erroneous impression that Takashimaya had agreed to or at least
had no objections to Ngee Ann Development’s representations.

30 Takashimaya then wrote to Ngee Ann Development, 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ROP vol V (Part 5) pp164-165.

seeking an explanation as to why the latter had omitted to inform Takashimaya
of its 22 April representations and to provide Takashimaya with a copy of
those representations, as required under the terms of the Joint Appointment
Letter. After several chasers 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ROP vol V (Part 5) pp171 and 173.

from Takashimaya and an awkward delay of more than a month, Ngee Ann
Development eventually explained that it had made an “administrative error and
oversight” in failing to provide Takashimaya with a contemporaneous copy of
its representations. Ngee Ann Development agreed, however, that a “fresh set
of valuation reports should be obtained” at its cost. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ROA vol V (Part 5) at pp186–187.

31 Thereafter, the parties reached an impasse as to how to proceed. Central to
the gridlock was the parties’ disagreement as to whether the fresh valuation
should be conducted on the basis of the existing configuration of the Demised
Premises, or if it was open to the Valuers to adopt a hypothetical
configuration that would reflect the “highest and best use” of the premises.

Commencement of litigation

32 On 28 March 2015, Ngee Ann Development commenced Suit No 292 of 2015
against Takashimaya, claiming that Takashimaya was “[i]n breach of the
agreement reached between the Parties as to the Revised Rent Renewal
Mechanism… [by] refus[ing] to join [Ngee Ann Development] in instructing the
Valuers to conduct the re-valuation exercise in accordance with the terms of
the Joint Appointment Letter”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Statement of Claim at para 24: ROA vol II p22.

Ngee Ann Development sought, amongst other things, a declaration that
Takashimaya was in breach of the Lease as varied by the parties.

33 Takashimaya denied Ngee Ann Development’s claims and in turn filed a
counterclaim, seeking a declaration that “the prevailing market rental value
to be determined at the time of an option renewal must take into account
and/or refer to the Existing Configured and Used Demised Premises”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) p33 at para 1(a): ROA vol II p56.

The High Court’s decision

34 The High Court judge (“the Judge”) dismissed Ngee Ann Development’s claims
in their entirety. She found at [49]–[52] of the Judgment that the text of the
Lease did not provide for a plain and unambiguous definition of the contested
phrase “prevailing market rental value”. On this matter, she also considered
the opinions of the parties’ experts on valuation. In relation to the context
of the agreement and the parties’ intentions, however, the Judge found that
the evidence demonstrated that “Takashimaya’s interpretation of the
‘prevailing market rental value’ was what the parties had intended”. She
therefore rejected Ngee Ann Development’s claim and allowed Takashimaya’s
counterclaim, granting Takashimaya the declaration it sought that the meaning
to be ascribed to “prevailing market rental value” in the Lease and the Joint
Appointment Letter “refers to a valuation based on the existing configuration
of the Demised Premises”: Judgment at [69]. She found at [62] that to adopt a
“hypothetical reduced area designated for departmental store use” would fail
“to cohere with its actual use”.

35 Dissatisfied with the outcome, Ngee Ann Development appealed against the
Judge’s decision.

The issues in the appeal

36 The core issue for decision in this appeal is whether the parties intended
that the “prevailing market rental value” of the Demised Premises should be
determined on the basis of the existing configuration or a hypothetical
configuration that would yield the “highest and best use” of the Demised
Premises. More specifically, the dispute concerns the proportion of the floor
area occupied by the anchor tenant (which is currently Takashimaya, by way of
its department store), relative to the floor area occupied by specialty and
other stores, which is to be used as the factual basis of the valuation.
Takashimaya contends that the valuation should take place on the basis of the
existing configuration – in which Takashimaya’s department store occupies a
sizable portion of about 38,000 sqm out of the total 56,105 sqm of the Demised
Premises – while Ngee Ann Development argues that it is for the Valuers to
decide how the “prevailing market rental value” should be determined and the
configuration of the Demised Premises to be assumed for the purposes of the
valuation, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Appellant’s Case at paras 5, 120 and 128.

including the use of whatever configuration which, in the assessment of the
Valuers, would represent the “highest and best use” of the Demised Premises.
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Statement of Claim at para 14: ROA vol II p18; Judgment at [2]: ROA vol I p8.

37 It is appropriate, before proceeding further, to briefly describe the
concept of the “highest and best use” and its relevance, if any, to the
dispute. As Associate Professor Yu Shi Ming (“Prof Yu”), Ngee Ann
Development’s expert witness, explained, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

ROA vol III (Part 4) pp18–19.

the “highest and best use” principle is found in the SISV Guidelines 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

ROA vol V (Part 1) pp171–189.

and is defined therein as “[t]he most probable use of an asset which is
physically possible, appropriately justified, legally permissible, financially
feasible, and which results in the highest value of the asset being valued”.
The SISV Guidelines also define “market value” as “the estimated amount for
which a property should exchange on the date of valuation between a willing
buyer and a willing seller in an arm’s length transaction after proper
marketing wherein the parties had acted knowledgeably, prudently and without
compulsion”. The SISV Guidelines explain the relationship between the concepts
of “market value” and “highest and best use” as follows: “To estimate Market
Value, a Valuer must first estimate the highest and best use, or most probable
use for the property in question. … This determination is made from market
evidence.”

38 We make some observations in relation to the SISV Guidelines. Neither the
Lease nor the Joint Appointment Letter contains any reference to the SISV
Guidelines, save for the clauses in the Lease on rent review and renewal rent,
which merely require Ngee Ann Development to request the President of the SISV
to nominate a valuer if the parties fail to agree on the identity of such
valuer (see [11] and [14] above). More specifically, nothing in the Lease
requires the prevailing market rental value of the Demised Premises to be
determined in accordance with or with reference to the SISV Guidelines. Simply
put, in the absence of any compelling evidence to the contrary, the SISV
Guidelines do not form part of the parties’ agreement and therefore do not
have contractual force. It is equally crucial to bear in mind the well-
established principle that the ultimate inquiry in a contractual dispute such
as that presently before us concerns the parties’ intentions, objectively
ascertained, as to how they intended the valuation to be carried out. The
search is for the parties’ common understanding at the time of contracting,
when they agreed that in the absence of consensus on the renewal rent, the
rent to be paid by Takashimaya would be the “prevailing market rental value”
of the Demised Premises as determined by a process of valuation. It therefore
stands to reason that the opinions of the parties’ experts on valuation
methods, and the principles and procedures set out in the SISV Guidelines, are
useful only insofar as they are able to shed light on this central inquiry.

39 We think it appropriate to begin, as the Judge did, with the text of the
parties’ agreement as embodied in the Lease and the Joint Appointment Letter.
We will then move on to consider the context of the parties’ agreement which –
as emphasised in a series of decisions of this court – is equally crucial and
must form part of the interpretive exercise. In our judgment, two aspects of
the context are of particular relevance in this case, ie, the unique nature of
the parties’ commercial relationship, and the events that reflect the parties’
understanding of how the valuation has been and is to be carried out. We will
elaborate in the subsequent analysis.

40 Before embarking on our examination of the text and context of the Lease
and the Joint Appointment Letter, there is an important preliminary issue
which must first be engaged. This concerns the scope of the court’s
involvement when parties have decided that particular disputed issues should
be determined by an expert. In the present circumstances, the parties have
respectively sought the intervention of the court even before the Valuers have
conducted a fresh valuation. This issue is logically anterior to our
determination of the substantive merits of the appeal. It is only if the
conditions for the court’s intervention are satisfied that it will be
appropriate for this court to ascertain the configuration to be adopted for
the purposes of the valuation.

The role of the court in relation to expert determinations

41 We begin by observing that there is a distinction between a situation where
the court’s involvement is sought before the expert has made his
determination, and a situation where the court is invited to intervene only
after that determination has been rendered. This is an important distinction
for at least two reasons. First, the court’s grounds for intervention in the
latter situation are wider than in the former: for instance, by his conduct in
arriving at his determination, the expert may have acted fraudulently or
failed to act impartially in the discharge of his duty: see Campbell v Edwards
[1976] 1 WLR 403 at 407; Evergreat Construction Co Pte Ltd v Presscrete
Engineering Pte Ltd [2006] 1 SLR(R) 634 at [29] and [34]; and The Oriental
Insurance Co Ltd v Reliance National Asia Re Pte Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R) 385 at
[47]. These are evidently not incidents that could have occurred prior to the
making of his determination. Second, in the former situation, the expert has
not even had an opportunity to opine on the issues to which the parties
disagree, be they issues of jurisdiction or merits. At first blush, there may
be some dissonance between the parties’ agreement for disputed issues be
decided by an expert, and their readiness to seek curial intervention prior to
the expert’s determination.

42 The present case involves only the former situation, and so it is only that
situation that we will consider. With regard to the latter situation, guidance
has been provided in the cases that are referred to in the preceding
paragraph. In deciding on the propriety of the court’s intervention, we will
examine what is the permissible scope of curial intervention when the parties
have agreed, by way of an expert determination clause, that particular
disputes be decided by an expert, and the separate question of whether the
court should nonetheless allow the expert to make his determination first, and
resolve any issues that may arise only thereafter. We will take each of these
questions in turn.

Permissible scope of curial intervention

43 In the English Court of Appeal’s decision in Mercury Communications Ltd v
The Director General of Telecommunications [1996] CLC 1125 (“Mercury”),
Hoffmann LJ (as he then was) set out a useful statement of principle in his
dissenting opinion. Although Hoffmann LJ was in the minority, the House of
Lords eventually agreed with his view and allowed the appeal. Hoffmann LJ’s
views in Mercury have since been cited with approval in a number of cases,
including the more recent decision of the English Court of Appeal in Barclays
Bank PLC v Nylon Capital LLP [2011] EWCA Civ 826 (“Barclays”), and represent
the current orthodoxy.

44 The relevant passage from Hoffmann LJ’s decision is as follows (Mercury at
1139–1140):

6\. Prematurity

This is a short-hand for saying that when parties have agreed to appoint
someone to determine a question in dispute, they should not pre-empt his
decision by asking the court to decide the matter in advance. It is however
important to notice that there are two separate principles involved. One is a
matter of substantive law and the other a matter of procedural convenience. I
can illustrate the difference in this way. The parties agree that a firm of
accountants shall determine the value of a parcel of shares. They do not
prescribe any particular principle of valuation, such as allowing a discount
for a minority interest. In such a case, the court will not intervene to
decide how the valuation should be done. Neither in advance of the valuation
nor afterwards. The parties have agreed to accept the accountants' valuation
and in the absence of fraud or collusion they are bound by whatever it is. The
same is true of other decisions entrusted to experts. This is a rule of
substantive law: Jones v Sherwood Computer Services plc [1992] 1 WLR 277.

Assume, however, that the parties have in addition agreed certain of the
principles upon which the accountants should value the shares. For example,
that the goodwill of the company's business shall be valued at three times the
net profits over the past three years. If it can be shown that the accountants
have valued the goodwill on a different basis (as to which there may be
evidential difficulties which are mentioned by Dillon LJ in Jones v Sherwood
Computer Services plc at p. 284) the court will set aside the valuation. It is
not a valuation to which the parties have agreed.

On the other hand, even in cases in which the parties have agreed principles
of valuation, their application may involve questions of judgment which they
have left to the decision of the accountants. In the last example, the
question of what counts as ‘net profits’ may be something on which different
accountants could hold different views. Here again, as a matter of substantive
law, the court will not interfere. As a matter of contract, the parties have
agreed that ‘net profits’ are to be whatever the accountants honestly consider
them to be.

So in questions in which the parties have entrusted the power of decision to a
valuer or other decision-maker, the courts will not interfere either before or
after the decision. This is because the court's views about the right answer
to the question are irrelevant. On the other hand, the court will intervene if
the decision-maker has gone outside the limits of his decision-making
authority.

One must be careful about what is meant by ‘the decision-making authority’. By
‘decision-making authority’ I mean the power to make the wrong decision, in
the sense of a decision different from that which the court would have made.
Where the decision-maker is asked to decide in accordance with certain
principles, he must obviously inform himself of those principles and this may
mean having, in a trivial sense, to ‘decide’ what they mean. It does not
follow that the question of what the principles mean is a matter within his
decision-making authority in the sense that the parties have agreed to be
bound by his views. Even if the language used by the parties is ambiguous, it
must (unless void for uncertainty) have a meaning. The parties have agreed to
a decision in accordance with this meaning and no other. Accordingly, if the
decision-maker has acted upon what in the court's view was the wrong meaning,
he has gone outside his decision-making authority. Ambiguity in this sense is
different from conceptual imprecision which leaves to the judgment of the
decision-maker the question of whether given facts fall within the specified
criterion. The distinction is clearly made by Lord Mustill in R v Monopolies
and Mergers Commission, ex parte South Yorkshire Transport Ltd [1993] 1 WLR 23
at p. 32.

[emphasis added]

In our judgment, Hoffmann LJ’s views are instructive and we summarise the
principles outlined at [49] below.

45 In Barclays, a dispute arose regarding whether certain investment profits
made by Barclays Bank had to be brought into account and distributed to
members under a partnership agreement. There was an expert determination
clause for an accountant to resolve disputes regarding profit allocations. A
question arose as to whether it was for the court or the expert accountant to
determine the scope of the expert’s jurisdiction. Thomas LJ (as he then was)
referred to several authorities including Hoffmann LJ’s opinion in Mercury,
and held (at [23]) that:

…in any case where a dispute arises as to the jurisdiction of an expert, a
court is the final decision maker as to whether the expert has jurisdiction,
even if a clause purports to confer that jurisdiction on the expert in a
manner that is final and binding.

46 In a concurring opinion, Lord Neuberger MR (as he then was) similarly
expressed his agreement with Hoffmann LJ’s opinion, but held more broadly (at
[69]) that:

…where a contract requires an expert to effect a valuation which is to be
binding as between the parties, and there is an issue of law which divides the
parties and needs to be resolved by the expert, it by no means follows that
his resolution of the issue is incapable of being challenged in court by the
party whose agreement on the issue is rejected.

Lord Neuberger MR also suggested at [70], in an opinion that has proven to be
somewhat controversial in subsequent cases, that:

…it must be questionable whether the parties would have intended an
accountant, surveyor or other professional with no legal qualification, to
determine a point of law, without any recourse to the courts, even if it has a
very substantial effect on their rights and obligations.

Referring to Lord Neuberger’s views in this regard, Thomas LJ remarked at [35]
that he saw force in Lord Neuberger’s views but the issue required detailed
examination when it arose, and so preferred to express no concluded view.

47 In Premier Telecom Communications Group Ltd v Webb [2014] EWCA Civ 994,
Moore-Bick LJ observed at [9] that Lord Neuberger’s comments in Barclays had
been made obiter and that neither of the other members of the court expressed
agreement with them. Moore-Bick LJ considered that if any error of law on the
part of the expert rendered his decision invalid, that would in many cases
risk undermining the whole purpose of the reference. He preferred the view
that whether the expert’s decisions on law or of mixed fact and law were
intended to bind the parties ultimately depended on the construction of the
contract under which the expert was appointed to act.

48 In the absence of full argument on the point, we do not propose to venture
an answer to the difficult question of whether it is for the court rather than
the expert to reach final and binding decisions on any and all issues of law.
We also leave for future decision the separate question of whether it is open
to the parties to agree that questions of construction and of law should be
remitted to an expert for his final and binding determination, without the
possibility of curial correction. We note that in Nikko Hotels (UK) Ltd v MEPC
plc [1991] 2 EGLR 103, Knox J expressed the following view (at 108):

…if parties agree to refer to the final and conclusive judgment of an expert
an issue which either consists of a question of construction or necessarily
involves the solution of a question of construction, the expert’s decision
will be final and conclusive and, therefore, not open to review or treatment
by the courts as a nullity on the ground that the expert's decision on
construction was erroneous in law, unless it can be shown that the expert has
not performed the task assigned to him.

In Barclays at [66], however, Lord Neuberger cast doubt on the correctness of
Knox J’s statement of principle, remarking that he “[did] not consider that
this by any means necessarily represents the general rule”. We leave these
matters and other related issues for future determination when they arise on
the facts.

49 For present purposes, we accept the narrower proposition suggested by
Hoffmann LJ in Mercury that the scope of the expert’s “decision-making
authority” is, in the final analysis, a matter for the court. This includes,
where the expert has been tasked to reach his determination in accordance with
certain principles, the correct meaning and understanding of such principles.
As Hoffmann LJ explained, the reason is that when an expert acts upon the
wrong application of those principles, he will necessarily go outside the
scope of his “decision-making authority” and his determination will not bind
the parties, since the parties have only agreed to be bound by a determination
that is made in accordance with the correct meaning of those principles. More
broadly, it is ultimately for the court to determine, on a final and binding
basis, the scope of the expert’s jurisdiction. The English Court of Appeal’s
decision in National Grid Company Plc v M25 Group Ltd [1999] 1 EGLR 65
(“National Grid”) provides a useful illustration of the approach. In that
case, the landlord and tenant disagreed on the proper construction of certain
aspects of the lease in connection with an ongoing rent review, and the tenant
sought declarations from the court on these issues. The first instance judge
granted the landlord’s application to strike out the originating summons on
the ground that those matters should be determined by the expert “on his way
to reaching his determination to the new rent”. The English Court of Appeal
allowed the appeal. Mummery LJ, delivering the principal judgment of the
court, observed that the parties had agreed that when the valuer determines
the question referred to him, the valuer should observe certain agreed
contractual directions, such as the requirement to ascertain the rent on an
open market basis, to have regard to the terms of the lease, and to disregard
three particular factors. Mummery LJ then held as follows (at 67):

… The valuer must ascertain the rent in accordance with these contractual
criteria. He can only lawfully do what he was appointed to do under the lease.
If he does something which he was not appointed to do, he is acting outside
his terms of reference. He does not have a completely free hand in deciding
the question what increase ought to be made in the rent payable. Whether he is
acting within the perimeter of his contractual power depends on ascertaining
the correct limits of the power conferred on him by the lease. Those limits
are ascertained by a process of construction of the lease. The terms of the
lease do not confer on the valuer, either expressly or by implication, the
sole and exclusive power to construe the lease.

[emphasis added]

Mummery LJ subsequently expressed his agreement (at 68) with Hoffmann LJ’s
dicta in Mercury and allowed the appeal.

50 Turning to the facts of the present case, the question for determination is
whether the meaning of “prevailing market rental value” and the method for
determining this are properly to be considered as principles in accordance
with which the Valuers are to perform the valuation. If they are properly to
be considered as such, it follows that it will be open to the court to make a
pronouncement on the matter. Indeed, in such a case the Valuers’ views on the
meaning of the term will not be binding on the parties because the court is
the sole proper arbiter on the subject.

51 Is it appropriate to regard the meaning of the term “prevailing market
rental value” and the method for its determination as principles governing the
valuation? In our judgment, the answer is quite clearly – yes. The central
dispute between the parties is whether the “highest and best use” principle
should (or should not) be applied in the performance of the valuation, with
the consequence that the Valuers may (or may not) adopt a configuration other
than the existing configuration for the purposes of the valuation. In this
regard, we agree with Takashimaya’s expert witness, Mr Tan Keng Chiam, Head of
Valuation Advisory Services of Jones Lang Lasalle Property Consultants Pte Ltd
that “in order to perform a rental valuation of the Demised Premises under the
Joint Appointment Letter, parties must first agree on the basis of the
valuation” [emphasis added]. After all, the Valuers are only entitled to carry
out the valuation in accordance with the relevant principles and if they
operate on an incorrect understanding of those principles, their
determinations will not bind the parties. These matters go to the jurisdiction
or “decision-making authority” of the Valuers and therefore come within the
purview of the court. Clearly an agreement on the configuration to be adopted
for the purposes of valuation is essential and since the parties have not been
able to reach consensus on this fundamental issue, the court’s intervention is
required to objectively ascertain the parties’ intention at the time of
contracting.

Order of determination

52 We now move to the second question that we identified at [41] above, which
is whether the court should first allow the expert to make his determination
before subsequently dealing with any disputed jurisdictional issues that
arise, or if the court should speak in advance on the scope of the expert’s
decision-making authority.

53 Guidance may once again be drawn from Hoffmann LJ’s opinion in Mercury at
1140–1141, which we agree with:

These are the principles upon which a court will decline as a matter of
substantive law from intervening in a matter which the parties have agreed to
submit to the decision of a third party. It does not follow, however, that
because the court will intervene to correct a decision-maker who has gone
outside his authority, it will declare in advance what the limits of that
authority are. The reason for this reluctance is not one of substantive law
but procedural convenience. It is because in advance of the decision, the true
meaning of the principles upon which he has to decide is usually a
hypothetical question. It is hypothetical because it will only become a live
issue if one of the parties thinks that the decision-maker has got it wrong.
It is always possible that he may get it right and therefore wasteful and
premature to come to the court until he has made his decision. The practice of
the courts is not to decide hypothetical questions: see Re Barnato [1949] Ch
258.

There is a further factor which plays a part in the court's reluctance to make
a pre-emptive ruling on the construction of the principles according to which
the decision-maker is required to decide. A party may be attempting to secure
a ruling in advance because he fears that if the decision-maker departs from
what he considers to be the correct meaning of those principles, he may have
evidential difficulties in proving that he has done so. The terms of the
valuation or award may not provide enough material to enable the court to say
that the decision-maker has gone outside his authority. But this is not
usually a legitimate reason for seeking a pre-emptive ruling. The party has
agreed to submit to a particular form of decision-making with whatever
evidential difficulties that might entail.

[emphasis added]

54 On appeal, and along similar lines, Lord Slynn of Hadley held as follows
(Mercury Communications Ltd v Director General of Telecommunications and
another [1996] 1 WLR 48 at 59C):

…The defendants under this head are entitled to say that the court normally
will not give a ruling as to the meaning of words to be applied by another
decision-maker before he has had a chance to express his own views about it
and that the courts will not answer questions which are wholly academic and
hypothetical.

55 In British Shipbuilders v VSEL Consortium plc [1997] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 106
(“British Shipbuilders”) at 109, Lightman J referred to the speeches of
Hoffmann LJ and Lord Slynn in Mercury and sought to summarise the approach to
be taken:

The Court has jurisdiction ahead of a determination by the expert to determine
a question as to the limits of his remit or the conditions which the expert
must comply with in making his determination, but (as a rule of procedural
convenience) will (save in exceptional circumstances) decline to do so. This
is because the question is ordinarily merely hypothetical, only proving live
if, after seeing the decision of the expert, one party considers that the
expert got it wrong. To apply to the Court in anticipation of his decision
(and before it is clear that he has got it wrong) is likely to prove wasteful
of time and costs – the saving of which may be presumed to have been the, or
at least one of the, objectives of the parties in agreeing to the
determination by the expert.

56 In Barclays at [42], Thomas LJ expressed the view that it was unnecessary
to go beyond Hoffmann LJ’s statement of principle in Mercury to describe (as
Lightman J did in British Shipbuilders) the circumstances in which the court
would intervene in advance of the expert’s determination as “exceptional”.
Thomas LJ held as follows:

…The court has to determine first whether it is faced with a dispute which is
real and not hypothetical and then if it is real, whether it is in the
interests of justice and convenience to determine the matter in issue itself
rather than allowing the expert to determine it first.

57 In our judgment, the court must consider whether the issue brought before
the court is a purely hypothetical question given that the expert has not
rendered his decision at this point, for the reasons Hoffmann LJ explained.
Whether the court decides to intervene ahead of the expert’s determination is
ultimately a matter for the court’s discretion, having regard to whether
intervention at an early juncture will prevent unnecessary wastage of costs
and time, for instance where the expert simply has no jurisdiction to
determine the dispute such that proceeding with the adjudication would entail
an unproductive expenditure of resources. In the final analysis, the court
must be satisfied that its intervention in advance of the expert’s
determination is fair and just in all the circumstances. We agree with Thomas
LJ that it is unnecessary to characterise the court’s intervention as an
“exceptional” course of action. It is merely an aspect of the court’s role to
ensure that practical justice is done in the case before it.

58 On the facts before us, it is plain that the dispute regarding the
configuration to be applied for the purposes of valuation has already
crystallised and therefore cannot be considered to be merely hypothetical. The
dispute manifested itself in 2013 when the parties’ negotiations on the
renewal rent failed and Ngee Ann Development sought to include in the draft
Joint Appointment Letter instructions to the Valuers that the Lease did not
prevent them from adopting a hypothetical configuration for the valuation (see
[27] above). The parties’ disagreement eventually culminated in a decision to
set aside the first valuation that was carried out and to obtain a fresh set
of valuation reports (see [30] above). The parties are presently unable to
proceed with the determination of the renewal rent unless the dispute over the
proper configuration to be adopted is resolved. There is no occasion for the
Valuers to make any sort of determination since the parties cannot even agree
on the instructions to be given to the Valuers.

59 We do not accept Ngee Ann Development’s submission that there is no
requirement for the determination of the “prevailing market rental value” to
be carried out with reference to any configuration. It argues that the Valuers
are entitled but not required to do so. Ngee Ann Development’s own conduct
suggests otherwise. It sought unsuccessfully to incorporate a provision in the
Joint Appointment Letter that the Valuers are not restricted to apply the
existing configuration. Having failed to do so, it sought to make the same
point through the 22 April representations. Finally, it is an undeniable fact
that the Valuers in reliance on the 22 April representations posited different
hypothetical configurations (see [101] below) to arrive at their respective
valuations of the renewal rent. It is therefore amply clear to us that both
parties were at all material times well alive to the point that the applicable
configuration is necessarily sensitive to any valuation exercise. It is
therefore plainly wrong for Ngee Ann Development to advance a contrary
position. We also have difficulties accepting Ngee Ann Development’s argument
36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Appellant’s Case at paras 123 and 128.

that it is for the Valuers to decide whether to adopt any configuration, if at
all, and that if the Valuers decide to use the existing configuration, Ngee
Ann Development must accept it and likewise if they choose to apply a
hypothetical configuration to derive the “highest and best” use, it is not
open to Takashimaya to dispute it. If this is right, it would follow that the
“prevailing market rental value” in every rent review or determination of
renewal rent would depend on the arbitrary decision of the appointed valuer to
adopt whatever configuration he chooses. As subsequent events have borne out
(see [101] below), such an approach would only lead to different valuers
adopting different configurations giving rise to further disputes. In the
circumstances, we are satisfied that it is in the interests of both parties
that the dispute as to the proper configuration to be applied for valuation
purposes be determined at this juncture by the court.

60 Having dealt with this preliminary issue of law, we now turn to the
substantive issues in the appeal, beginning with the text of the parties’
agreement.

The text of the agreement

61 As this court explained in Y.E.S. F&B Group Pte Ltd v Soup Restaurant
Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly known as Soup Restaurant (Causeway Point) Pte Ltd
[2015] 5 SLR 1187 (“Y.E.S.”) at [32], the text of the parties’ agreement
“ought always to be the first port of call” in contractual interpretation. The
reason for this approach is that “the primary source of understanding what the
parties meant is their language interpreted in accordance with the
conventional usage”: Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior
Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“Zurich Insurance”) at
[57] (citing with approval Lord Hoffmann’s dicta in Bank of Credit and
Commercial International SA v Ali [2002] 1 AC 251 at [39]). The language of
the parties’ agreement, which is embodied in the Lease and the Joint
Appointment Letter, accordingly forms the starting point of our analysis.

62 We have set out at [10]–[15] above the relevant provisions in the Lease. We
do not find any unequivocal confirmation within the terms of these two
documents as to whether the parties intended that the valuation should take
place on the basis of the existing configuration or some other configuration.
The Lease does not furnish any definition of “prevailing market rental value”
or prescribe either explicitly or implicitly how that is to be determined by
the Valuers. Clause 12(c) of the Lease only sets out the procedural mechanism
by which the renewal rent is to be determined without governing the substance
of the inquiry. The language of the Joint Appointment Letter likewise does not
provide any useful leads on the parties’ intentions. The letter merely
appoints the Valuers, instructs them to separately determine the “prevailing
market rental value of the Demised Premises” and directs them to have
reference to the terms of the Lease and the Variation of Lease. As described
at [27] above, the Joint Appointment Letter merely reproduces cl 11(d) of the
Lease, which establishes that the Retained Area can be sublet only to a single
sub-lessee or retained for Takashimaya’s own use, without elaboration.

63 We find, however, that a close reading of the text of the Lease reveals
several striking features of the parties’ agreement that shed light on the
nature of their intended relationship from the outset. These features are not
commonly found in commercial leases and they are therefore particularly
instructive as to the contractual expectations of the parties.

64 First, under the terms of the Lease, Takashimaya is given a wide-ranging
discretion to determine how the Demised Premises are to be used. Under cl 11
of the Lease, Takashimaya is given sole discretion to decide whether to sublet
any part of the Demised Premises, the portion of the Demised Premises to be
sub-let, and to whom such sub-letting should occur. This is only subject to
the conditions that the sub-lessee be of good reputation and should use the
sub-let premises in a manner that is consistent with the prestigious image of
Ngee Ann City, as well as the requirement of the Retained Area. Likewise, the
identity of the sub-lessee who occupies the Retained Area (ie, the anchor
tenant) – should Takashimaya choose to sublet the Retained Area – is a matter
for Takashimaya to decide, subject to Ngee Ann Development’s approval which is
not to be unreasonably withheld. The size of the anchor tenant’s premises over
and above 10,000 sqm is similarly for Takashimaya’s sole determination.
Critically, nothing in the Lease requires Takashimaya to apply any particular
layout or configuration. Other than the requirement of the Retained Area, the
proportion of the anchor tenant’s premises as against the remaining floor area
is left entirely to Takashimaya’s discretion. In our judgment, the most
prominent feature of the terms of Takashimaya’s lease is therefore the breadth
of Takashimaya’s discretion to use, manage, shape and sublease the Demised
Premises. It seems clear to us that the contractual freedom accorded to
Takashimaya in this regard is a fundamental tenet of the parties’ agreement.

65 Second, the parties envisaged a very lengthy commercial relationship. As we
have earlier described, the initial term of the Lease was for a substantial
period of 20 years. This initial term is, however, only a fraction of the
overall 80-year tenure permitted under the Lease. As Prof Yu, Ngee Ann
Development’s own expert, accepted, the terms of the parties’ agreement
indicated that this was “not the usual sort of … run-of-the-mill landlord and
tenant [relationship]”. In Prof Yu’s words, it was “not a direct
landlord/tenant relationship” and he was unaware of any similar arrangements
in Singapore. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NEs (Day 3) p8 line 12 to p9 line 8: ROA vol III (Part 8) pp129–130.

66 Third, we observe that the Lease confers on Takashimaya several atypical
privileges that even go beyond the Demised Premises. Under cl 13 of the Lease,
Takashimaya has a “first option to lease” any additional areas in the podium
block beyond the Demised Premises that become approved for use as commercial
shopping space. Before offering these additional areas for lease to other
persons, Ngee Ann Development is required to give written notice to
Takashimaya and inform Takashimaya of the rent and terms of the proposed
lease. If Takashimaya is desirous of leasing the additional commercial space,
the parties are then to negotiate for the lease in good faith. Clause 13 also
expressly states that these particular rights and obligations are personal to
Ngee Ann Development and Takashimaya and will not be binding on any party
taking a lease of the additional commercial space nor enure to the benefit of
any assignee or sub-lessee of Takashimaya. Going beyond this, cl 14 of the
Lease confers on Takashimaya pre-emption rights (meaning a first option to
buy) in relation to any and all parts of the Demised Premises that Ngee Ann
Development desires to sell. Again, these rights and obligations are expressed
to be personal to Ngee Ann Development and Takashimaya.

67 These additional unique features of the Lease, when taken together with the
other aspects of the agreement that we have observed, serve to highlight the
unusual nature of the agreement – it envisions a commercial relationship that
accords the tenant a wide discretion in its use and management of a very large
and valuable set of premises, which is capable of extension at the tenant’s
sole discretion for decades to come, and which demonstrates, in the rights and
obligations enjoyed by both parties, an exceptional degree of proximity and
collaboration between the parties. We consider that our decision on the
specific question before us – that is, the parties’ intentions regarding the
manner in which the valuation of the Demised Premises should take place –
should be congruent with these observations on the nature and terms of the
parties’ agreement. A conclusion that runs against the tide of these
observations would not only be anomalous but also would fail to reflect the
parties’ contractual expectations.

The context of the agreement

68 As we have mentioned at [39] above, two aspects of the factual background
are particularly relevant. We will begin by considering the nature of the
parties’ commercial relationship in the light of the evidence adduced at
trial. We will then examine and attribute the necessary significance to the
events that reflect the parties’ understanding or agreement as to how the
valuation should be carried out.

The nature of the intended relationship

The evidence of Mr Teo and Mr Yoshino

69 There were two primary witnesses of fact at the trial. These were Mr Teo
and Mr Yoshino, giving evidence on behalf of Ngee Ann Development and
Takashimaya respectively. Although their evidence was not always on the same
page, we note that there were several key areas of agreement between Mr Teo
and Mr Yoshino on the nature and object of the parties’ relationship.

70 First, the parties intended that Takashimaya operate a large department
store on the Demised Premises as the anchor tenant. In other words, the
parties agreed that Takashimaya’s department store was to occupy, at the
minimum, the Retained Area of 10,000 sqm. Mr Teo explained that before the
parties entered into any sort of agreement, Ngee Ann Development had intended
to invite Takashimaya Japan to open a department store in Ngee Ann City, which
would serve as the anchor tenant of the development. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NEs (Day 1) p37 lines 16–17: ROA vol III (Part 8) at p13.

Mr Teo agreed that Ngee Ann Development had hoped that the department store
would “serve as the main draw for traffic to the shopping side of [Ngee Ann
City]”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NEs (Day 1) p53 lines 2–12: ROA vol III (Part 8) at p17.

Initially, Ngee Ann Development had even wanted 30,000 sqm of the Demised
Premises to be occupied by Takashimaya’s department store. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NEs (Day 1) p96 lines 17–19: ROA vol III (Part 8) at p27.

71 Mr Yoshino’s evidence was to like effect. He explained that Ngee Ann
Kongsi’s representatives approached Takashimaya Japan in 1988 to discuss the
possibility of Takashimaya Japan taking up occupancy as an anchor tenant
running a large department store in Ngee Ann City. Ngee Ann Kongsi chose
Takashimaya Japan precisely for its expertise in managing the layout and
operations of a large scale department store that would be successful even in
the highly competitive Orchard Road shopping belt. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

ROA vol III (Part 5) pp4–5 at para 6.

72 We find that the witnesses’ explanations of the parties’ expectations is
entirely consistent with the terms of the Lease. Clause 11(d) of the Lease
prescribes a minimum, and not a maximum, floor area in respect of the part of
the premises to be retained by Takashimaya (ie, Takashimaya’s department
store) or for sub-letting to a single sub-lessee. This indicates a joint
intent that Takashimaya’s department store should not only be sizable; it
should be as large as Takashimaya thinks it appropriate. Ngee Ann
Development’s primary objective in inviting Takashimaya Japan to take on the
Lease was precisely to establish for Ngee Ann City a focal point of
attraction, which was to be a prestigious large scale department store. In
Y.E.S., this court observed at [35] that the court “is always to pay close
attention to both the text and context in every case – noting that both
interact with each other”. In our view, the present case provides an example
of how text and context are to be viewed and understood synchronously to build
a complete and accurate account of the parties’ agreement.

73 Second, we agree with the Judge’s finding that the parties’ relationship
has, and was intended to have, the nature of a joint commercial enterprise.
The evidence of the parties’ witnesses was clear and unequivocal on this
point. Mr Teo testified that because Ngee Ann Kongsi desired Takashimaya
Japan’s involvement in Ngee Ann City, it was prepared to grant Takashimaya
Japan’s request to be “partners” in the development. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NEs (Day 1) p53 lines 2 to 23: ROA vol III (Part 8) p17.

Ngee Ann Kongsi was also willing to grant Takashimaya a very long lease in
Ngee Ann City because it saw Takashimaya Japan as “a long-term partner”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NEs (Day 1) p101 at lines 21–24: ROA vol III (Part 8) p29.

Mr Teo accepted that Takashimaya was regarded “[n]ot just as a tenant, but
almost like a joint venture partner”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NEs (Day 1) p101 line 16 to p102 line 2: ROA vol III (Part 8) p29.

Along similar lines, Mr Yoshino pointed out that as part of the collaboration
between the parties, Takashimaya Japan came to own 26.3% of the shares in Ngee
Ann Development and appointed four out of the 13 directors on the board of
Ngee Ann Development. Mr Yoshino himself is one of Takashimaya Japan’s nominee
directors on the board of Ngee Ann Development. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

ROA vol III (Part 5) p5 at para 8.

74 It is apparent to us that the parties are therefore closely tied up beyond
the immediate terms of the Lease. Ngee Ann Development and Takashimaya share
more than a mere contractual relationship; what they have are ties of
ownership – they have a common major shareholder in Takashimaya Japan, which
set up Takashimaya and invested in Ngee Ann Development at the invitation of
Ngee Ann Development’s parent company, Ngee Ann Kongsi. We therefore have
little doubt that the parties’ relationship cannot be described as that of a
landlord and tenant simpliciter, and accordingly the agreement between them
cannot be construed as such without ignoring the true incidents of the
parties’ relationship. It is rooted in a deeper and interwoven venture.

75 Third, it is undisputed that Takashimaya’s department store has served its
intended function of enhancing the image of Ngee Ann City. Both Mr Teo and Mr
Yoshino agreed that the success of Takashimaya’s department store as the
anchor tenant has enhanced the image of Ngee Ann City as a prestigious
shopping complex. The department store has served as a major attraction for
shoppers, and this has in turn enhanced the rental value of other parts of
Ngee Ann City. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

ROA vol III (Part 5) p8 at para 16.

As a result, Takashimaya has “established its reputation as running the No. 1
department store in Singapore and the ASEAN region”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NEs (Day 2) p139 lines 7 to 16: ROA vol III (Part 8) at p104.

76 We are also satisfied that since the commencement of the Lease in 1993, the
size of Takashimaya’s department store on the Demised Premises has been the
same, or substantially the same. Mr Yoshino’s position on this issue, both in
his affidavit of evidence-in-chief 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

ROA vol III (Part 5) p8 at para 14.

as well as his oral evidence, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NEs (Day 3) p165 lines 15-24; p167 lines 6-7 and 21-22, p168 lines 3-5, p170
lines 16-19, p171 lines 7-8: ROA vol III (Part 8) pp169–170.

was consistent and unwavering. He explained that Takashimaya has used the same
configuration of the Demised Premises for over 20 years and has no intention
to alter that configuration. During cross-examination, he accepted (correctly)
that Takashimaya was permitted under the terms of the Lease to reduce its
department store to 10,000 sqm, but repeatedly emphasised that Takashimaya has
no intention to change the current layout and that Takashimaya considers it to
be neither in its or Ngee Ann Development’s interest to do so. Mr Teo took the
view 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NEs (Day 2) p140 lines 13-23: ROA vol III (Part 8) p104.

that Takashimaya had altered certain aspects of the layout, and pointed to two
changes that Ngee Ann Development had identified in its 22 April
representations. These changes were the conversion in 2013 of about 2,100 sqm
of space on Level 4 to retail space for high-end branded goods specialty
stores and concessionaires, and about 540 sqm of space on Level 1 to retail
space for luxury fashion specialty stores and concessionaires. Beyond this, Mr
Teo admitted that Ngee Ann Development had not produced evidence of any other
changes. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NEs (Day 2) p140 line 24 to p141 line 5: ROA vol III (Part 8) pp104-105.

In the circumstances, we accept that the configuration applied by Takashimaya
to the Demised Premises has remained the same, or substantially the same,
since the commencement of the Lease.

77 To sum up, we find it clear from the evidence that the parties’
relationship was not a typical landlord-tenant relationship, but rather a
collaborative long term commercial enterprise, akin to a joint venture, with
Ngee Ann Development providing Takashimaya with prominent and accessible
premises at the heart of Orchard Road, and Takashimaya in turn contributing
its expertise to operate a large scale prestigious department store which
would enhance the reputation of Ngee Ann City as a whole. The context that was
painted by the parties’ evidence is entirely consistent with the terms of the
Lease that we have described above at [10]–[15]. The parties intended that
Takashimaya be afforded a wide margin of contractual freedom to manage the
Demised Premises as it sees fit, in order to allow Ngee Ann Development to
leverage on Takashimaya’s expertise in this area.

Findings

78 Given this background to the parties’ relationship, we find it improbable
that the parties intended that the valuation of the renewal rent should take
place with reference to a hypothetical tenant based on a hypothetical
configuration. We will explain our reasons.

79 First, and most crucially, requiring Takashimaya to pay rent at the highest
possible rate will effectively erode Takashimaya’s freedom under the terms of
the Lease to decide the configuration to be used. The need to pay rent at the
highest possible rate will have a highly negative impact on the manner in
which Takashimaya chooses to configure the Demised Premises. This is
inconsistent with the parties’ intention in entering into the Lease that
Takashimaya should have a wide discretion to decide the configuration of the
Demised Premises, since this was a key area of its expertise.

80 Indeed, Ngee Ann Development implicitly recognises in its Appellant’s Case
that the rental imposed on Takashimaya will have a considerable impact on the
configuration that Takashimaya chooses. Ngee Ann Development argues that
“[t]he ‘prevailing market rental value of the Demised Premises’ is simply a
notional metric used for the purposes of calculating the renewal rent”, and
“[o]nce that figure has been derived, there is nothing to prevent
[Takashimaya] from maintaining the existing configuration if it is of the view
that it will still be able to make a satisfactory profit after servicing the
renewal rent” [emphasis added]. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Appellant’s Case at para 127.

Ngee Ann Development clearly recognises that Takashimaya’s profit margin will
be directly affected by the rent it has to pay, and that this will in turn
affect the configuration it chooses. Put another way, no sensible commercial
party will adopt a configuration that does not yield sufficient revenue to
cover the rent that it has to pay.

81 This leads to our second point. It is simply not part of the parties’
agreement that Takashimaya should configure the Demised Premises or otherwise
use it in a way that will maximise the rental yield of the Demised Premises
for Ngee Ann Development’s benefit. There is no contractual obligation on
Takashimaya to exercise its contractual freedom to configure the Demised
Premises for this purpose, and correspondingly there is no contractual right
for Ngee Ann Development to expect or insist that Takashimaya apply a
configuration that would maximise the market rental value of the Demised
Premises, or to insist that the valuation be carried out on the basis of a
hypothetical configuration that would enable Ngee Ann Development to maximise
its rental payout. Rather, as we have explained, the agreed arrangement is
more akin to that of a joint venture with both parties as partners, deriving
mutual benefits in the process. Ngee Ann Development intended to benefit not
merely from the rent for the Demised Premises that Takashimaya would pay Ngee
Ann Development, but also – and more significantly – from the prestige that
Takashimaya’s department store would bring to Ngee Ann City. This would in
turn, as Mr Yoshino described, increase footfall to Ngee Ann City and raise
the rental value of other parts of Ngee Ann City. The extent of the
partnership is exemplified in Takashimaya Japan’s ownership of a significant
portion of the shares in Ngee Ann Development. In our judgment, it is
inconsistent with the nature of the parties’ agreement and relationship for
Ngee Ann Development to seek to apply a configuration that would extract, at
all costs, the highest rental rate from Takashimaya.

82 Indeed, the extent of the inconsistency is starkly reflected in Mr Teo’s
answers to a series of questions during cross-examination: 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NEs (Day 2) p131 line 23 to p133 line 16: ROA vol III (Part 8) p102

Q. It is correct, Mr Teo, we are not talking about -- I mean, if I can call it
-- the typical lease you might have for a particular boutique or shop; this
was a lease that, with options, would cover almost 80 years. Correct?

A. Yes.

Q. Thank you. This was a lease of a very large part of NAD's shop units,
correct?

A. I would say almost all.

Q. Almost all. This was a lease for a tenant that was supposed to be the
anchor tenant and main draw for your development; correct?

A. Correct.

Q. I know you say that now they are not the main draw, but at the time the
lease was negotiated and entered into, they were considered to be the main
draw; correct?

A. Correct.

Q. Even when you say now they are not the main draw, you don't mean for
Takashimaya to close down their department store; correct?

A. Correct. Yes.

Q. You are just thinking it should be smaller?

A. Correct.

Q. Actually, you don't care whether it is smaller or not; you just want the
rental to be calculated on the basis that the departmental store is smaller.

A. Yes, from the landlord point of view.

Q. That is your concern.

A. Right.

Q. And this was a tenant that was like a joint venture partner, because they
also held shares -- 27 per cent -- in Ngee Ann Development; correct?

A. Correct.

Q. They were a tenant that had a first right to lease any additional space you
were able to convert, as well as the first right to buy any space you might
want to sell, correct?

A. Correct.

Q. Thank you. So, you know, these are unusual circumstances they are a
particular type of tenant. This is not the usual tenant you let your shop unit
to; correct?

A. Correct.

[emphasis added]

83 Mr Teo’s responses are particularly revealing of Ngee Ann Development’s
present motivations. In truth, it does not really matter to Ngee Ann
Development whether Takashimaya in fact reduces the size of its department
store or not, as long as Takashimaya pays rent that is calculated on the basis
of a hypothetical smaller department store. As Mr Teo explained, Ngee Ann
Development no longer considers Takashimaya’s department store to be the main
draw of Ngee Ann City, although Mr Teo agreed that at the time of contracting
Ngee Ann Development wanted Takashimaya to serve as the main draw and this was
the very reason why Ngee Ann Development had initially wanted Takashimaya to
operate a department store of at least 30,000 sqm. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NEs (Day 1) p168 lines 5-25: ROA vol III (Part 8) p45.

We find that Ngee Ann Development’s demand that Takashimaya should pay rent at
the highest possible rate, without regard to the parties’ original intentions
as to the size and purpose of Takashimaya’s department store, is entirely at
odds with the parties’ intentions at the time of contracting. It is indicative
of a present attempt simply to maximise profits as landlord, rather than a
genuine desire to have its contractual expectations satisfied.

84 The following point illustrates just how far removed Ngee Ann Development’s
present position is from the parties’ original understanding. In response to
Takashimaya’s submission that the parties intended Takashimaya to operate a
department store of “substantial size” on the Demised Premises, 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Respondent’s Case at para 22.

Ngee Ann Development refers to cl 11 of the Lease which, in its submission,
“contemplates that (i) [Takashimaya] was free to reconfigure the Demised
Premises at any time that it wished (even after commencement of the leased
term); (ii) the anchor tenant of the Demised Premises may not necessarily be
Takashimaya; (iii) the anchor tenant may not necessarily run a departmental
store; and (iv) the anchor tenant may possibly only occupy 10,000 sqm of the
lettable 56,105 sqm” [emphasis added]. Ngee Ann Development submits that
Takashimaya may even choose to “assign its leasehold interest to a third party
(even to a party to whom [Ngee Ann Development] has no prior relationship
with)”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Appellant’s Case at paras 142–143.

We find that Ngee Ann Development’s submissions are entirely divorced from the
parties’ intentions at the time of contracting. Indeed, from the perspective
of commercial sense, it is simply not realistic to suggest that Ngee Ann
Development would even have contemplated the notion of entering into such a
lengthy lease conferring broad discretionary rights on its tenant if that
tenant was not specifically to be Takashimaya, which would use its experience
and expertise to operate a successful and prestigious department store as
anchor tenant. Given the context of the parties’ agreement, the Lease cannot
be regarded as a conventional landlord-tenant arrangement and understood in
that way.

85 Our final point concerns the argument made at the hearing by Mr Ang Cheng
Hock SC, counsel for Ngee Ann Development, that applying the existing
configuration would allow Takashimaya to “game” the system by changing the
configuration of the Demised Premises just before the valuation in order to
depress the renewal rent. Commercial sense repels itself from such an
argument. The notion that Takashimaya would be able to sublet parts of the
Demised Premises and terminate those subletting arrangements just before a
valuation, in order that Takashimaya might benefit from the calculation of a
depressed market rental value, is plainly too farfetched. No sensible
commercial party would be willing to have the term of its sublease curtailed
in such an arbitrary fashion. Nor is there any evidence that Takashimaya has
done, or plans to do, anything like this. In fact, as we have accepted (see
[76] above), Takashimaya has not changed (at least not to any substantial
degree) the existing configuration of the Demised Premises since the
commencement of the Lease, and has no intention to do so in the future.

The parties’ conduct in relation to previous rent reviews

86 We now turn to consider certain events that reflect the parties’
understanding of how the valuation is to be carried out. An important part of
the context to the parties’ agreement is the two rent reviews that were
conducted in 2003 and 2008 (see [17]–[23] above), because valuations were
conducted as part of the rent reviews to determine the prevailing market
rental value. The Second and Third Rent Reviews therefore provide a useful and
contemporaneous analogue to the present situation, where the parties are once
again unable to agree on the renewal rent to be paid. But going beyond that,
they provide an insight into the parties’ understanding of how the “prevailing
market rental value” of the Demised Premises has been and is to be determined
moving forward.

Dr Lim’s evidence

87 Dr Lim carried out the valuations for the Second and Third Rent Reviews,
producing valuation reports dated 3 December 2003 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

ROA vol III (Part 4) pp112–119.

and 29 May 2009 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

ROA vol III (Part 4) pp124–130.

respectively. Dr Lim’s evidence was straightforward – he understood the
parties to have agreed that the valuation should be conducted on the basis of
the existing configuration. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

ROA vol III (Part 4) pp75, 76 and 81 at paras 5, 10 and 20.

Apart from the parties’ agreement, Dr Lim identified two other reasons why he
had used the existing configuration for the valuation. To start with, if the
parties had not reached any agreement on the configuration to be assumed for
the purpose of the valuation, it would have been “very difficult, if not
impossible, for [Dr Lim] to have done the rental valuation” because the
valuation exercise “would likely result in a large variation in the eventual
estimated rental sum and [would] in all likelihood result in further
disagreement between the parties”. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

ROA vol III (Part 4) pp77–78 at paras 14–15.

He repeated this multiple times during cross-examination. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NEs (Day 5) p116 lines 8-9; p119 lines 20-22; p127 lines 4-7; p128 lines
11-19: ROA vol III (Part 8) pp249, 250, 252

Indeed, if there had been no agreement, Dr Lim “would not have proceeded with
the valuation without clarifying the position with the parties, and asking
that they agree on the configuration and basis before [he] proceeded with
[his] work”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

ROA vol III (Part 4) p77 at para 13.

It is only common sense for Dr Lim to have adopted some configuration for the
purposes of the rental review. Further, Dr Lim took the view that as a matter
of fairness it was more appropriate for the existing configuration to be
adopted. He explained that he had carried out independent valuations and
therefore his valuations were “not aimed at maximising or minimising the
rental valuation for the benefit of the landlord or tenant respectively”.
Using the existing configuration as the basis of the valuation “would only be
proper and fair, and not skewed toward benefitting one side or the other”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

ROA vol III (Part 4) p76 at para 10.

As a matter of fairness, this must be right since the valuation exercise was
carried out with reference to the actual tenant, Takashimaya, and not some
hypothetical tenant with a hypothetical configuration.

88 Equally significantly, Dr Lim observed that following each of his reports,
Ngee Ann Development never objected on the basis that Dr Lim should have used
some configuration other than the existing configuration. In fact, “[a]t no
point did [Ngee Ann Development] state or instruct [Dr Lim] that [he] should
or must value the Demised Premises based on some other configuration, or that
Takashimaya was obliged to use only some minimum area for the department
store, with the balance area to be reconfigured differently”. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

ROA vol III (Part 4) pp76–77 at paras 11–12.

Dr Lim testified that he had used the same approach when conducting the
valuations for both the Second and Third Rent Reviews. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NEs (Day 5) p81 lines 21–25: ROA vol III (Part 8) at p241.

89 Ngee Ann Development argues that Dr Lim had not in fact adopted the
existing configuration to carry out the valuations for the Second and Third
Rent Reviews. It suggests that it is not apparent from Dr Lim’s reports for
the Second and Third Rent Reviews that Dr Lim had adopted the existing
configuration. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Appellant’s case at para 160.

Next, in response to Ngee Ann Development’s queries regarding the disparity in
rental rates paid by Takashimaya and Toshin (see [21]–[23] above), Dr Lim had
not explained away the disparity on the basis of a difference in
configuration, but had instead relied on some other reason. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Appellant’s case at para 159.

Findings

90 In our judgment, neither of the points made by Ngee Ann Development is
supported by the evidence. In fact, the evidence runs clearly to the contrary.
Ngee Ann Development was well aware that the valuations for the Second and
Third Rent Reviews had been carried out on the basis of the existing
configuration. For a very significant period of time – from 8 September 1993
(the commencement date of the initial 20 year term under the Lease) to 5 July
2013 (the date that Ngee Ann Development sent Takashimaya a draft Joint
Appointment Letter, in which Ngee Ann Development sought to instruct the
Valuers that there was nothing in the Lease requiring the valuation to be
carried out only with reference to the existing configuration) – Ngee Ann
Development never gave any indication that it intended or desired that some
hypothetical configuration other than the existing configuration should be
used for valuation purposes. We make several points in this regard.

91 To begin with, it appears to us that based on Mr Teo’s own evidence, Ngee
Ann Development was fully aware that Dr Lim had used the existing
configuration as the basis for his valuation. Following from this, Ngee Ann
Development considered making submissions to Dr Lim but finally decided
against this course of action. The following extract from the Notes of
Evidence makes this clear. When asked why Ngee Ann Development had not sought,
in the Second Rent Review, to direct Dr Lim to use a configuration that would
promote the highest and best use of the premises, rather than the existing
configuration, Mr Teo responded as follows: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NEs (Day 1) p79 lines 3–15: ROA vol III (Part 8) p23.

Q. … So I am going to ask my question again. If you felt so strongly about the
submissions that were made in the 22 April 2014 submission to the two valuers,
why did Ngee Ann Development not include this in their instructions to
Professor Lim?

A. I think, at the time we did not – after we received the – Professor Lim’s
valuation, we thought – as an afterthought, we thought we should have done so
– because, as you say, we just told him clause 204(?), and that is it.

Q. So after you got Professor Lim’s valuation, then you thought about it. Is
that right?

A. Yes.

[emphasis added]

From the above line of cross-examination, it is clear to us that Ngee Ann
Development knew that Dr Lim’s valuations were never carried out on the
“highest and best use” basis. Had it been otherwise, Mr Teo’s response would
simply have been that there was no necessity to make any representation to Dr
Lim to use a configuration that would promote the highest and best use since
Ngee Ann Development had assumed that this was how Dr Lim had done the
valuations all along. It was only after receiving Dr Lim’s report that Ngee
Ann Development thought that it should perhaps have directed Dr Lim to value
the Demised Premises based on the “highest and best use” of the property. Mr
Teo confirmed this account again subsequently during cross-examination. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NEs (Day 1) p83 line 19 to p84 line 5: ROA vol III (Part 8) p24.

92 Mr Alvin Yeo SC, counsel for Takashimaya, then pointed out to Mr Teo that
Ngee Ann Development had not put in any such submissions to Dr Lim for the
Third Rent Review either, some five years later: 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NEs (Day 1) p84 line 19 to p85 line 8: ROA vol III (Part 8) pp24–25.

Q. Now, Mr Teo, I don't have any record of Ngee Ann Development putting in
submissions like what we saw in April 2014. Can you point me to any such
submissions?

A. No.

Q. Isn't it correct, Mr Teo, that even for the last rent review period, 2008
to 2013, before the valuation is done, Ngee Ann Development did not seek to
put in any sort of submissions; correct?

A. Correct.

Q. They certainly did not make the submissions that they made in April 2014;
correct?

A. Correct.

Q. This was done for the first time in 2014; correct?

A. Correct.

Q. Thank you.

To similar effect, at a later part of the cross-examination, Mr Teo agreed
with Mr Yeo’s suggestion that “although you have said that you were not happy
with Professor Lim Lan Yuan’s second rent review report, even for the third
rent review report you didn’t make these points to Professor Lim”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NEs (Day 1) p166 line 21 to p167 line 1: ROA vol III (Part 8) p45.

93 Whatever the reason Ngee Ann Development may have had for not seeking to
instruct or direct Dr Lim to carry out the valuations for the Second and Third
Rent Reviews on the basis of a hypothetical configuration, the crucial fact is
that Ngee Ann Development was fully cognisant that Dr Lim had adopted the
existing configuration for the purposes of the valuations. It therefore does
not lie in Ngee Ann Development’s mouth to say that Dr Lim had not in fact
done so. There can be no doubt that the Second and Third Rent Reviews must
have been carried out by Dr Lim on the basis of some configuration. As there
is simply no basis to suggest that Dr Lim had adopted a hypothetical
configuration (which by its nature would require specific instructions and
there were none), it is a logical inference that Dr Lim, to the express
knowledge of both parties, had adopted Takashimaya’s existing configuration
for the two rent reviews. This is entirely consistent with Dr Lim’s evidence
under cross-examination: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NEs (Day 5) p131 line 17 to p132 line 3: ROA vol III (Part 8) p253.

Q: …I took you through your 2003 report, would you agree with me that your
2003 report doesn’t say specifically that you are valuing it based on the
existing configuration?

A: No. As I said, it is understood, because you are valuing that subject
property, you look at how the subject property is being configured, being
used.

…

The valuation -- not just based on existing use, or whatever use, you know. It
is not that. It is valuing the subject property as it is right now. Because
you are talking about a revision, rental revision.

[emphasis added]

94 There are two other aspects of Ngee Ann Development’s conduct that plainly
demonstrate its awareness that past valuations had been carried out on the
basis of the existing configuration. They are Ngee Ann Development’s attempt
to instruct the Valuers in the draft Joint Appointment Letter that the Valuers
were not required to adopt the existing configuration (see [27] above) and its
22 April representations to the Valuers, seeking to persuade the Valuers that
“the prevailing market rental value of the Demised Premises must be determined
on valuation principles which are not constrained by the existing or current
use of the Demised Premises by Takashimaya”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

ROA vol V (Part 4) p111 at para 8.

Ngee Ann Development was obviously aware that the past valuations had been
carried out using the existing configuration. Otherwise, it would not have
made active attempts to specifically direct the Valuers to determine the
renewal rent on the basis of a configuration that reflected the “highest and
best use” of the Demised Premises. Notably, when Mr Yeo asked Mr Teo about
Ngee Ann Development’s attempt to instruct the Valuers in the draft
Appointment Letter that the Lease did not require the prevailing market rental
value to be determined by reference to the existing use of the Demised
Premises, Mr Teo answered as follows: 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NEs (Day 1) p166 line 17 to p167 line 8: ROA vol III (Part 8) p45.

Q. … Mr Teo, you were trying to put in Ngee Ann Development's own
interpretation of the lease; correct?

A. Yes. We were trying to put in a new proposal.

…

Q. This was being done for the first time here; correct?

A. After Takashimaya said, “Let's do two valuers instead of one”.

Q. Yes, and Mr Teo, like the good businessman you are, so [you] saw the
opening to change some of the terms of the lease to Ngee Ann Development's
advantage; correct?

A. That is what businessmen do. Thank you.

[emphasis added]

95 This was, for all intents and purposes, a concession that Ngee Ann
Development had deliberately tried to move away from the terms of the original
agreement as embodied in the Lease in relation to how the “prevailing market
rental value” of the Demised Premises was to be ascertained by a licensed
valuer. For this reason, we do not see Ngee Ann Development’s suit as an
attempt to enforce its contractual expectations, but rather as an effort to
avoid the financial impact of the terms of the Lease under current market
conditions.

96 We also have grave doubts as to whether the Valuers would in fact have used
the hypothetical configuration that Ngee Ann Development preferred, had Ngee
Ann Development not sent them the 22 April representations. This can be
inferred from Knight Frank’s reply to Takashimaya’s queries following the
issuance of the valuation reports (see [29] above). Knight Frank did not
justify its choice of the hypothetical best use configuration on the basis of
its expertise or general industry practice, but instead cited Ngee Ann
Development’s 22 April representations to the Valuers to this effect. Knight
Frank also noted that those representations were copied to Takashimaya; but in
fact no contemporaneous copy had been provided to Takashimaya, and therefore
Takashimaya had not made representations of its own in reply. In the
circumstances, we also find it more likely than not that Ngee Ann Development
knew or at least suspected that the Valuers would have carried out the
valuation based on the existing configuration, in line with the past practice,
but for its unilateral representations.

97 We now consider Dr Lim’s responses to Ngee Ann Development’s queries. Ngee
Ann Development relies on those responses to suggest that Dr Lim never
purported to explain that the reason for the disparity in rental rates paid by
Takashimaya and Toshin was due to the difference in configuration. Takashimaya
relies on those same responses of Dr Lim to say that Ngee Ann Development’s
queries pertained only to the disparity in rental rates and not to Dr Lim’s
choice of configuration. Thus Ngee Ann Development had implicitly accepted Dr
Lim’s choice of the existing configuration for the Second and Third Rent
Reviews.

98 Ngee Ann Development’s position does not make sense. Since Toshin and
Takashimaya occupy different spaces and areas, it is only logical that their
respective configurations must necessarily be different. So at worst it was an
omission to state the obvious. Further, we do not think it was incumbent on Dr
Lim to state all the possible reasons for the disparity in the rental rates,
such that any omission to state a particular reason would necessarily mean
that the omitted reason was not operative, even though it was patently obvious
that such a reason must have been the case. He had simply highlighted one of
the major reasons for the disparity. To his mind, that was the difference in
floor area leased to Takashimaya and Toshin. Dr Lim explained this during
cross-examination:

Q. If you look at page 286, Ngee Ann Development wrote to you to ask for
further explanations, and also to register an objection, right?

A. Right.

Q. If you look at the fourth paragraph they say: “... we would like an
explanation on the huge difference between the new rental rates for Toshin and
for Takashimaya Singapore, for the period of June 2008 and September 2008
respectively. The time period was merely three months difference and we
believe that rental rates within the same building should not have moved so
drastically within such short period of time.”

Then they say at the top of 287: “... we would like to object to your rental
valuation of $5,300,000 ...” Correct?

A. That's correct.

Q. If you look at your reply at page 288, in the second paragraph you point
out that: “An important factor affecting the rental rate is the difference in
lettable areas. Toshin's area is 20,993 m2 whereas Takashimaya's area is 2.67
times that of Toshin at 56,105m2.”

So that was, to you, the main factor that explained the difference between
what you had found to be the prevailing market rent and what Toshin was
paying; correct?

A. That's correct.

Q. You didn't mention here that, “Look, another factor is the fact that the
existing configuration of the 56,000 square metres is that 38,000 square
metres is being used by Takashimaya as departmental store, and that certainly
affects the prevailing market rent”. You didn't say that, right?

A. I didn't say that.

Q. Is it because you thought that it was understood they would know?

A. I mentioned the important factor. There are also other factors. But I
thought, when I mentioned this, it will sort of bring across the message that
really, we are talking about different sizes, and therefore it will reflected
in the rate per metre squared.

Q. The main thrust of your letter is, the size of the premises let by
Takashimaya Singapore is much bigger than the size of the premises let by
Toshin?

A. Correct. That's right. Yes.

[emphasis added]

To Dr Lim, the difference in floor area leased was the primary reason for the
difference in rental rates paid by Takashimaya and Toshin. This was
consequently the reason that he conveyed to Ngee Ann Development in response
to the latter’s queries. This did not mean that Dr Lim thought that the
difference in floor area was the only reason for the disparity in rental
rates. As Dr Lim clarified during cross-examination, he considered that this
factor was “the important factor” and the “main thrust” of his letter, but at
the same time he was fully aware that “[t]here [were] also other factors”
which militated in favour of the conclusion he drew. All of this is entirely
consistent with Takashimaya’s position that Dr Lim did in fact have regard to
the existing configuration when he carried out the valuation and, conversely,
provides no support for Ngee Ann Development’s assertion to the contrary. The
glaring gap in Ngee Ann Development’s argument is simply this. If Dr Lim had
not in fact adopted the existing configuration for the two rent reviews, what
was the actual configuration which Ngee Ann Development believed was used by
Dr Lim? The conspicuous omission to put forward any positive case as to what
configuration was used by Dr Lim betrays Ngee Ann Development’s attempt to
ignore the undeniable fact that it knew all along that the existing
configuration was used for the Second and Third Rent Reviews. This is also in
line with our observation in [91] above that Ngee Ann Development knew all
along that the Second and Third Rent Reviews had not been carried out on the
“highest and best use” basis.

99 In our judgment, what is more noteworthy is the fact that Ngee Ann
Development never raised any query to Dr Lim as to whether he had used the
existing configuration, and never objected to him doing so. This is evident
from the correspondence between Ngee Ann Development and Dr Lim. Ngee Ann
Development was obviously not averse to making objections to Dr Lim regarding
his approach in conducting the valuation, having sent both a letter stating
its objections and a follow-up letter to Dr Lim. But Ngee Ann Development’s
demurral pertained only to the comparative difference between the rent payable
by Takashimaya and Toshin. It raised no objection regarding the configuration
Dr Lim had used. It did not even suggest to Dr Lim that the reason for the
disparity was that Dr Lim had incorrectly relied on the existing configuration
when carrying out the valuation. Ngee Ann Development had every opportunity to
raise any concerns on this matter, but we note that it chose to remain silent
on the issue for almost 20 years. In our judgment, Ngee Ann Development had
remained silent all these years simply because it knew all along that the rent
reviews were carried out with reference to Takashimaya’s existing
configuration of the Demised Premises.

100 Finally, from a practical perspective, it would seem to make little sense
for the parties to have directed valuers such as Dr Lim to unilaterally decide
the configuration to be assumed for the purpose of valuation. The valuer could
decide to adopt either the existing configuration (as Dr Lim did) or a
hypothetical configuration reflecting the “highest and best use” of the
Demised Premises. Since there could be a substantial difference in the
valuation depending on the choice of configuration, allowing a valuer to make
his own unilateral determination on this matter could lead to substantial
variations in the valuations for each rent review or for each determination of
renewal rent and, invariably, cause further disputes between the parties.
Given the nature of the parties’ agreement, we do not think that the parties
would have agreed that the valuers should make their own decisions on whether
the existing configuration or a hypothetical configuration reflecting the
“highest and best use” should be adopted, and what that hypothetical
configuration should look like. Such an approach would have yielded very
different valuation results and, correspondingly, a tremendous degree of
uncertainty for the parties on the rental rate to be paid. Such uncertainty
would have persisted throughout a lease with a potential aggregate period of
some 80 years and would bear no resemblance to the parties’ expectations as at
the time of contracting

101 We further observe that such unpredictability had in fact manifested in
the range of hypothetical configurations posited by the valuers that have
provided valuation reports so far. In the report by Savills 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

ROA vol V (Part 2) pp128-150.

that Ngee Ann Development enclosed with its 22 April representations, Savills
chose a department store floor area of 10,000 sqm, which it considered to be
“a reasonable size for a department store based on [its] observation of
current market trends in the reduction of the size of department stores”, with
the balance 46,105 sqm to be allocated to specialty and other stores. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

ROA vol V (Part 2) p138 at para 6.2.

In its report produced pursuant to the Joint Appointment Letter, 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

ROA vol V (Part 5) pp48-80.

Knight Frank posited a department store floor area of 19,909.1 sqm, with the
balance 36,195.9 sqm to be allocated to specialty shops and the atrium. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

ROA vol V (Part 5) p66.

CBRE allocated 15,200 sqm to the department store and 29,851 sqm for specialty
shops 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

ROA vol V (Part 5) p136.

in its valuation report. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

ROA vol V (Part 5) pp110-150.

Each of the valuers therefore adopted very different hypothetical
configurations which inevitably yielded different results. This simply could
not have been contemplated by the parties or within the scope of their
intentions when they entered into a lease of the length and nature that we
have described.

Conclusion on the context

102 Our review of the context to the parties’ agreement reveals a contractual
backdrop that is vastly different from that which Ngee Ann Development paints.
Far from being a typical landlord-tenant relationship where the landlord
maintains considerable control over the use of the premises and benefits
solely from rental yield, the collaboration between Ngee Ann Development and
Takashimaya is a joint commercial enterprise, with each party participating as
a partner contributing its assets and expertise for mutual benefit. The terms
of the Lease are entirely consistent with the context. A broad margin of
discretion was afforded to Takashimaya to manage the Demised Premises. The
configuration of the Demised Premises was intended to be a matter entirely
within Takashimaya’s discretion, and for good reason, as Takashimaya – not
Ngee Ann Development – is the party with particular expertise in this area.

103 In our judgment, the application of a hypothetical configuration that
would yield the “highest and best use” of the Demised Premises for the
purposes of valuation is entirely inconsistent with the parties’ contractual
expectations as it would seriously denude Takashimaya’s contractual freedom to
determine the configuration of the Demised Premises. It would also be
incongruent for the parties to agree, on the one hand, that Takashimaya should
be afforded such a breadth of discretion, and on the other hand, to stymie its
exercise of such discretion by effectively compelling it to select a
configuration that would maximise the market rental value of the Demised
Premises solely from the perspective of the landlord, Ngee Ann Development.
Such a conclusion is not only wholly inconsistent with the nature of the
parties’ agreement but also flies in the face of commercial sense. In
addition, Ngee Ann Development’s omission to raise any objections to Dr Lim’s
application of the existing configuration in the Second and Third Rent Reviews
– and indeed to raise any objections of this nature from the commencement of
the Lease until the time came to determine the renewal rent, some 20 years
after the commencement of the Lease – forms cogent evidence that the
application of such a configuration for the purposes of valuation is entirely
in line with the parties’ agreement. Ngee Ann Development’s silence in this
regard is not without significance; rather, it is in itself a clear
endorsement of Takashimaya’s position.

104 As a final matter, we wish to emphasise that the interpretation of terms
is an exercise that is inevitably contract-specific and fact-specific. The
nature and terms of the Lease between Ngee Ann Development and Takashimaya are
atypical, given the nature of the commercial venture that the parties
intended. Our conclusion that the parties intended to apply the existing
configuration rather than a hypothetical configuration is based on the
findings that we have made on the text and context of the case. Such a
conclusion will not, of course, be the same in every case.

105 It is largely for this reason that we disagree with Ngee Ann Development’s
reliance on Burns Philp Hardware Ltd v Howard Chia Pty Ltd (1987) 8 NSWLR 642
(“Burns”), a decision of the New South Wales Court of Appeal, to argue that
that the meaning of the phrase “prevailing market rental value of the Demised
Premise” has “in fact been judicially settled”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Appellant’s Case at para 94.

We note that this argument was raised only in Ngee Ann Development’s written
submissions and was not pursued in oral argument.

106 In Burns, the lease contained a rent review clause allowing the lessor, at
a stipulated time, to fix the annual rent at “the then current annual market
rent of the premises”. The lease also provided that the lessee (who was the
appellant) would not, without the lessor’s consent, carry on any business upon
the land other than that of a hardware department store, or such other
business as the lessor might approve. The land was subsequently transferred to
the respondent who purported to execute two deeds poll unilaterally, declaring
(amongst other things) that it consented to the appellant, its successors and
subtenants carrying on any lawful business on use upon the premises. The
appellant however regarded the relationship as unchanged. The respondent’s
purpose in executing the deeds poll became clear when it sought thereafter to
fix the rent payable by the appellant at a higher rate.

107 The dispute between the parties was essentially whether the “current
annual market rent of the premises” was to be determined upon the basis of the
use of the premises as a hardware department store. The appellant sought a
declaration to that effect and in its aid sought to admit extrinsic evidence
involving certain communications in order to show that the true agreement
between the lessor and the lessee at the time of the execution of the lease
was that the rent should be reviewed on the basis that the premises continued
to be used as a hardware store. Ultimately, the issue was decided against the
appellant because the pre-contractual negotiations relied upon by the
appellant were found to be inadmissible. The court held at 657E–658A that the
words “current annual market rent” were “not ambiguous” (ambiguity being a
prerequisite for the admission of extrinsic evidence under Australian law
unlike the position under Singapore law: Zurich Insurance at [114] and
[132(c)]) in the sense that they did not have “two or more plausible meanings
when the context of the words in the document is taken into account in light
of the knowledge any ordinarily intelligent reader of the document would bring
to the reading of it”. It decided that the disputed phrase ordinarily meant
“what the property in question would fetch in the market under the state of
things for the time being in question”. In short, it was strictly an
interpretation of the rent renewal clause which the court found, on the facts,
to be unambiguous.

108 Ngee Ann Development relies on Burns to submit that there is “no reason
why the phrase ‘prevailing market rental value of the Demised Premises’ …
should be considered ambiguous and should bear any different meaning from the
phrase ‘current market rental value of the premises’”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Appellant’s Case at para 102.

We reject this submission. Unlike in Burns, the dispute before us does not
simply concern what the “prevailing market rental value” is per se. Neither is
the issue whether there is any ambiguity with the phrase “prevailing market
rental value” taken in isolation for the purposes of admitting extrinsic
evidence. Instead as we have observed at [51] above, the heart of the dispute
concerns the “decision-making authority” of the Valuers which cannot be
properly carried out without reference to a configuration of the Demised
Premises given the terms of the Lease as well as the nature and history of the
parties’ relationship. As explained at [62] above, we find that neither the
terms of the Lease nor the Joint Appointment Letter contain the requisite
degree of clarity and certainty to satisfactorily prove that the parties
intended either that the valuation should take place on the basis of the
existing configuration or some other configuration. In other words, we did not
find the language of the Lease or Joint Appointment Letter to be unambiguous
on the specific issue in dispute. But the crucial point, as mentioned at [104]
above, is that contractual interpretation is necessarily and imperatively
contract-specific and fact-specific. Thus there are inherent risks in drawing
a conclusion on an issue of contractual interpretation in one case and seeking
to transplant that conclusion in another case, where that second case involves
an entirely different set of commercial aims and a unique corporate
relationship. We think it apposite to reiterate the guidance set out by this
court in Y.E.S. (at [35]):

… depending on the precise facts of the case, the text and context would often
interact with each other. For example, … what might look like a plain and
unambiguous text might not in fact be so if one has regard to the relevant
context – at which point the context is also helpful in aiding the court in
interpreting the text concerned. Much would, in the final analysis, turn on
the precise facts of the case (which would, holistically speaking, include not
only the text but also the context as well). It is important to observe that
the process of contractual interpretation is a dynamic one. It is certainly
not an unbridled exercise in raw judicial discretion: hence, the general
principles which constitute the legal structure within which the process of
contractual interpretation takes place. However, we also need to acknowledge
the practical reality to the effect that, in the sphere of application of
these general principles, the precise facts are (as just noted) of the first
importance. There is – and can be – no magic formula or legal silver bullet.
Contractual interpretation is (often at least) hard work, centring on a
meticulous and nuanced (yet practically-oriented) analysis of the relevant
text and context. Put simply, the court is always to pay close attention to
both the text and context in every case – noting that both interact with each
other.

[emphasis in the original]

Implied terms and rectification

109 Given that Ngee Ann Development’s appeal fails on its own merits and this
is dispositive of its appeal, there is no need for us to reach a decision on
Takashimaya’s alternative arguments on implied terms and rectification. But if
we were to decide those arguments, we would have rejected them. We also note
that these arguments did not find favour with the Judge: Judgment at [67]. We
will briefly explain our views.

110 Takashimaya seeks to imply a term in fact that “the determination of the
prevailing market rental value of the Demised Premises in the Lease and Joint
Appointment Letter should take into account and/or refer to the Existing
Configured and Used Demised Premises”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Respondent’s Case at para 110.

As this court held in Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another
and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193 at [101], there is a three-step process to
the implication of terms in fact. The court will first ascertain how the gap
in the contract arises, and implication will only be considered if the gap
arose because the parties did not contemplate the gap. Next, the court
considers whether it is necessary in the business or commercial sense to imply
a term in order to give the contract efficacy. Finally, the court considers
the specific term to be implied. Such a term must be one (applying the so-
called officious bystander test) which the parties, having regard to the need
for business efficacy, would have responded “Oh, of course!” had the proposed
term been put to them at the time of the contract.

111 Takashimaya argues that “there is a gap in that both [Ngee Ann
Development] and [Takashimaya] did not contemplate that the Valuers would
apply their own, different, assumed floor areas for department floor space”.
Both sides “expected that the Valuers would follow a pre-defined
configuration”, whether this was the existing configuration or a hypothetical
one. This argument is inconsistent with Takashimaya’s primary submission that
the parties had agreed that the existing configuration would be used for the
purpose of valuation. We have explained our finding that the parties had in
fact agreed on the matter, and as a corollary we reject the notion that the
parties had not even contemplated it, leading to a “gap” in the contract. Mr
Teo admitted as much that Ngee Ann Development was aware that Dr Lim had
applied the existing configuration in the Second Rent Review, but simply chose
not to take any action, even for the Third Rent Review: see [89]–[92] above.
Takashimaya’s submission therefore runs into intractable evidentiary
difficulties. With regard to the requirement that it be necessary to imply
such a term, we would likewise have found that the requirement has not been
satisfied. The fact that past valuations – in the Second and Third Rent
Reviews – have been carried out with some success is a compelling indication
that a further term need not be implied in order to give the contract
efficacy. Put simply, the contract is workable and has worked.

112 Takashimaya also argues that the Lease ought to be rectified, and relies
on the doctrines of mutual and unilateral mistake. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Respondent’s Case at paras 114–125.

Scant details are provided by Takashimaya as to how or why either or both
parties made a mistake that led to the parties’ failure to include a clause
stipulating that the existing configuration be used for purposes of valuation.
In the circumstances, we are not satisfied that the reason why the proposed
term did not find its way into either the Lease or the Joint Appointment
Letter is attributable to either or both the parties mistakenly omitting to
include it in those documents.

Conclusion

113 For these reasons, we dismiss the appeal with costs fixed at $65,000
inclusive of disbursements. We make the usual consequential order for payment
out of the security.

Sundaresh Menon Judith Prakash Steven Chong  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Ang Cheng Hock SC and Koh Zhen-Xi Benjamin (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
appellant;  
Yeo Khirn Hai Alvin SC, Lim Wei Lee and Chng Zi Zhao Joel (instructed)
(WongPartnership LLP) and Rajan Menon (instructing) (RHTLaw Taylor Wessing
LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

