Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 149

Suit No 1167 of 2015

Between

| Rohini d/o Balasubramaniam  
---|---  
|  
|  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Kelvin Yeow Khim Whye  
---|---  
(2)| HSR International Realtors Pte Ltd  
|  
|  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Agency] — [Principal] — [Tortious liability]

[Tort] — [Vicarious liability]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Breach of duty]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Rohini d/o Balasubramaniam

  
v

  

Yeow Khim Whye Kelvin and another

  

[2017] SGHC 149

High Court — Suit No 1167 of 2015  
Chua Lee Ming J  
7–8, 15 March 2017

28 June 2017 .

Chua Lee Ming J:

1 In 2009, the plaintiff, Ms Rohini d/o Balasubramaniam, gave four cheques,
signed in blank, to the first defendant, Kelvin Yeow Khim Whye (“Kelvin”).
Kelvin was a real estate agent who represented the second defendant, HSR
International Realtors Pte Ltd (“HSR”). Kelvin misappropriated the cheques for
his own use. The plaintiff sued both Kelvin and HSR. She obtained judgment in
default of appearance against Kelvin but has been unable to recover her loss
from him. The trial proceeded against HSR.

2 On 15 March 2017, I dismissed the plaintiff’s claim against HSR. The
plaintiff has appealed against my decision.

Undisputed facts

3 The facts in this case are straightforward and largely not in dispute.

4 In 2007, HSR acted for the plaintiff’s parents in the sale of their property
at 6 Marine Vista #05-19, Neptune Court, Singapore (“the Neptune Court
Property”) 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

AB 44.

and for the plaintiff’s father in the purchase of a property at 66 Bayshore
Road #21-01, Bayshore Park, Singapore (“the Bayshore Park Property”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AB 52.

HSR was represented by Kelvin in both transactions.

5 The plaintiff’s father passed away on 6 June 2008 and the plaintiff
inherited the Bayshore Park Property.

6 In mid-2009, the plaintiff decided to sell the Bayshore Park Property. The
plaintiff signed an agreement dated 25 July 2009 giving HSR the exclusive
right to sell the property. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AB 79.

Once again, Kelvin was the real estate agent who represented HSR in this
transaction.

7 By an Option to Purchase dated 30 September 2009, the plaintiff granted the
purchasers an option (“the Bayshore Option”) to purchase the Bayshore Park
Property for $850,000. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AB 80–83.

The Bayshore Option was exercised by the purchasers on 6 October 2009. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AB 83.

HSR denied any knowledge of the exercise of the Bayshore Option or the
subsequent sale of the Bayshore Park Property.

8 On 16 October 2009, the plaintiff was granted an option (“the Bedok Court
Option”) to purchase an apartment at Blk 297 Bedok South Avenue 3 #04-03,
Bedok Court, Singapore (“the Bedok Court Property”) for $1,280,000. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AB 131–132.

Kelvin acted for the plaintiff in this transaction. However, HSR denied all
knowledge of the Bedok Court Property transaction and claimed that Kelvin did
not inform it of the transaction. The plaintiff exercised the Bedok Court
Option on 5 November 2009. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AB 134.

9 In October/November 2009, the plaintiff applied (a) for a housing loan from
United Overseas Bank Limited (“UOB”) and (b) to use monies in her Central
Provident Fund (“CPF”) account in connection with the purchase of the Bedok
Court Property. The plaintiff claimed that Kelvin advised her to do so on the
ground that the sale proceeds from the Bayshore Park Property may not be
sufficient to pay for the Bedok Court Property and that the loan from UOB
would be for a short term until the completion of the sale of the Bayshore
Park Property.

10 Sometime in November 2009, UOB gave the plaintiff a loan of $650,000. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) para 57; AB 143.

On 17 November 2009, the CPF Board gave its approval for the plaintiff to use
her CPF monies to pay her legal and other fees, part of the purchase price,
and the servicing of the housing loan. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AB 139–141.

11 On 26 November 2009, the plaintiff entered into a tenancy agreement to rent
an apartment at 6 Marine Vista #09-25, Neptune Court, Singapore for two years
from 1 December 2009 to 31 November 2011 (“the Tenancy”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AB 61–66.

Kelvin helped the plaintiff secure the Tenancy and HSR invoiced her for the
commission for services rendered. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AB 72–73.

12 The sale of the Bayshore Park Property was completed on 1 December 2009. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AB 98.

The plaintiff informed her lawyers, M S Subra TT & Partners (“Subra TT &
Partners”), to release the sale proceeds to her agent. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AB 130.

Kelvin asked a colleague, one Kenneth Lu Zhongyi (“Kenneth”), to collect the
cashier’s orders and cheque from Subra TT & Partners. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Kenneth’s AEIC at para 17.

Kenneth collected two cashier’s orders and a cheque 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AB 97.

drawn for a total amount of $832,813.06 (“the Bayshore Park Sale Proceeds”)
and passed them to Kelvin. The Bayshore Park Sale Proceeds were deposited into
the plaintiff’s account with UOB no. 301-305-527-9 (“the UOB Account”) on 2
December 2009. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AB 177.

The UOB Account had been opened on 1 December 2009 for purposes of receiving
the Bayshore Park Sale Proceeds.

13 In late November/December 2009, the plaintiff gave Kelvin four cheques
drawn on the UOB Account and signed by her in blank. The plaintiff claimed
that Kelvin had visited her at home when she was recovering from her knee
surgery and advised her to give him the signed cheques which he would use to
assist her in making payment for the purchase of the Bedok Court Property.

14 According to the plaintiff, the four cheques were meant to be used to pay
(a) the loan taken from UOB, (b) agency fees, (c) legal fees and (d) the
deposit for the Tenancy. The plaintiff claimed that Kelvin completed the
cheques in her presence but she did not see or check what he wrote on the
cheques. The plaintiff said that she gave Kelvin the cheques signed in blank
and left everything else to him because she trusted him.

15 Subsequently, Kelvin told the plaintiff that one of the cheques had been
dishonoured because he had miscalculated and completed the four cheques for a
total amount that exceeded the Bayshore Park Sale Proceeds. The plaintiff then
gave Kelvin another cheque, again signed in blank. Again, the plaintiff
claimed that she left it to Kelvin to complete the cheque. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE 7 March 2017 at 54:14–55:12.

16 As it turned out, Kelvin did not use the cheques for any of the purposes
set out at [14] above. Instead, Kelvin used the four cheques to make the
following payments (“the Withdrawals”):

(a) $300,000 to himself (cheque no. 576852); 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AB 173.

(b) $70,336 in cash (cheque no. 576853); 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AB 174.

(c) $400,000 to himself (cheque no. 576854); 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AB 175.

and

(d) $60,000 to one Sammi Ching May (“Sammi”) (cheque no. 576856). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AB 176.

The first three cheques were dated 1 December 2009 and paid on 3 December 2009
whilst the fourth cheque was dated and paid on 10 December 2009. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AB 177.

Sammi was Kelvin’s colleague in HSR. No evidence was adduced during the trial
to explain why Kelvin paid Sammi $60,000.

17 The plaintiff alleged that sometime in 2010, she noticed that her UOB
Account balance did not reflect the Bayshore Park Sale Proceeds. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) (“SOC”), para 38.

Her new lawyers, Asia Law Corporation checked with her former lawyers, Subra
TT & Partners, in November 2010. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AB 123.

By way of letters dated 17 December 2010, 14 January 2011 and 20 January 2011,
Subra TT Law LLC (formerly Subra TT & Partners) explained that Kenneth had
collected the cashier’s orders and cheque after the plaintiff instructed the
firm to release the same to her agent. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AB 126, 128 and 130.

18 The plaintiff further alleged that upon further investigations, she
discovered that the Bayshore Park Sale Proceeds were deposited into the UOB
Account on 2 December 2009, and that shortly after, the four cheques were used
to make withdrawals totalling $830,336. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

SOC, paras 40–41.

19 On 21 February 2011, the plaintiff made a complaint to the Council for
Estate Agencies against Kelvin alleging that the cashier’s orders and cheque
(representing the Bayshore Park Sale Proceeds) had not been presented. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AB 178–179.

It was not clear why the plaintiff made this allegation when she would have
known by then that the Bayshore Park Sale Proceeds were in fact deposited into
the UOB Account on 2 December 2009.

20 On 22 February 2011, she made a police report against Kelvin alleging that
she did not receive the Bayshore Park Sale Proceeds. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AB 180–181.

On 5 July 2012, the police informed the plaintiff’s present lawyers that they
had decided “not to take further action against the accused”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AB 193.

21 On 16 November 2015, the plaintiff commenced the present action against
Kelvin and HSR. On 30 May 2016, the plaintiff entered judgment in default of
appearance against Kelvin.

The plaintiff’s case

22 The plaintiff’s case against HSR was as follows:

(a) The Withdrawals were not authorised by her and HSR was liable for Kelvin’s
fraudulent acts in making the Withdrawals because Kelvin was acting either as
HSR’s employee or as its agent.

(b) Alternatively, HSR had breached its duty of care to the plaintiff.

Whether HSR was liable for Kelvin’s fraudulent acts

23 The plaintiff’s case against HSR was based on vicarious liability,
alternatively agency.

24 A defendant can be vicariously liable for the act of another even though
the act cannot be said to have been authorised by the defendant: Tan Cheng Han
SC, The Law of Agency (Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2017) (“Law of Agency”) at
para 02.003. Vicarious liability is imposed on the defendant for policy
reasons: Ng Huat Seng and another v Munib Mohammad Madni and another [2016] 4
SLR 373 (“Ng Huat Seng”) at [16] citing Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB
(Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and
another and another appeal [2011] 3 SLR 540 (“Skandinaviska”) at [76]–[80]. As
will be seen later, the question in vicarious liability is whether the conduct
of the tortfeasor has a sufficient connection with the relationship between
the tortfeasor and the defendant such that it may be said that vicarious
liability may arise.

25 In contrast, in the case of agency, a principal’s liability for the act of
his agent depends on whether the act was within the agent’s authority: Law of
Agency at para 02.011.

Whether HSR was vicariously liable for Kelvin’s acts

26 Although the doctrine of vicarious liability developed in the context of an
employer-employee relationship, it is no longer so limited: Ng Huat Seng at
[26], citing Various Claimants v Catholic Child Welfare Society [2012] 3 WLR
1319 (“the Christian Brothers case”) at [35]. Under the so-called two-stage
approach, vicarious liability will be imposed where the following two
conditions are satisfied:

(a) The relationship between the tortfeasor and the defendant must be of a
type which is capable of giving rise to a finding of vicarious liability.

(b) The conduct of the tortfeasor must possess a sufficient connection with
the relationship between the tortfeasor and the defendant such that it may be
said that vicarious liability may arise.

See Ng Huat Seng at [25] and [40].

27 During the trial in the present case, there was some dispute over whether
Kelvin was (as the plaintiff alleged) HSR’s employee or (as HSR alleged) an
independent contractor. Vicarious liability cannot be imposed on a defendant
where the tortfeasor is an independent contractor: Ng Huat Seng at [33] and
[38]. However, the question whether Kelvin was an employee or an independent
contractor became irrelevant as HSR accepted, in its closing submissions, that
the first condition was satisfied, ie, the relationship between HSR and Kelvin
was capable of giving rise to vicarious liability.

28 HSR submitted that the second condition was not satisfied, ie, that
Kelvin’s fraudulent acts did not bear a sufficient connection with the
relationship between HSR and Kelvin.

29 It is accepted that a defendant can be vicariously liable even for
intentional torts, including fraud, committed by the tortfeasor: Gary Chan Kok
Yew and Lee Pey Woan, The Law of Torts in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2nd
Ed, 2016) (“Law of Torts”) at para 19.034.

30 The question is whether, taking into account all the relevant circumstances
– including policy considerations – it would be fair and just to impose
vicarious liability on the defendant. Two policy considerations underlie the
doctrine of vicarious liability, namely: (a) effective compensation for the
victim; and (b) deterrence of future harm by encouraging the employer to take
steps to reduce the risk of similar harm in future. However, a precondition
for the imposition of vicarious liability is that the victim seeking
compensation should either be without fault himself, or be less at fault than
the blameworthy party and/or the ultimate defendant; otherwise, the policy of
victim compensation as a justification for imposing vicarious liability loses
much of its moral force. See Skandinaviska at [75]–[78].

31 Relevant factors to consider in determining whether a sufficient connection
exists, include the following (using neutral terms that are not employment
related):

(a) The opportunity that the defendant afforded the tortfeasor to abuse his or
her power.

(b) The extent to which the wrongful act may have furthered the defendant’s
aims (and hence be more likely to have been committed by the tortfeasor).

(c) The extent to which the wrongful act was related to friction,
confrontation or intimacy inherent in the defendant organisation.

(d) The extent of power conferred on the tortfeasor in relation to the victim.

(e) The vulnerability of potential victims to wrongful exercise of the
tortfeasor’s power.

See Skandinaviska at [87], citing The Children’s Foundation, the
Superintendent of Family and Child Services in the Province of British
Columbia and Her Majesty The Queen in Right of the Province of British
Columbia as represented by the Ministry of Social Services and Housing v
Patrick Allan Bazley [1999] 2 SCR 534 (more commonly known as Bazley v Curry)
at [41].

32 The relevant facts in the present case were as follows:

(a) The plaintiff gave Kelvin the four cheques signed by her in blank. She
left it to Kelvin to fill in the date, name of the payee and the amount on
each cheque. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE 7 March 2017, at 13:30–15:9.

(b) The cheques were meant to be used to pay (a) the loan taken from UOB for
the Bedok Court Property, (b) agency fees, (c) legal fees and (d) the rental
deposit for the Tenancy. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE 7 March 2017, at 15:30–16:5.

(c) The plaintiff did not know what amount was to be paid for each of the four
items and she did not see, check or ask what Kelvin wrote on each cheque. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE 7 March 2017, at 18:13–24; 19:10–22:20.

Even when Kelvin told her that one of the cheques had been dishonoured because
he had miscalculated the amount, the plaintiff simply gave him another cheque
signed in blank without asking any further questions. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE 7 March 2017, at 54:17–55:26.

(d) The plaintiff realised from her UOB loan statements that she received from
January to March 2010 that the UOB loan had not been repaid but she did
nothing. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE 7 March 2017, at 25:11–26:3.

33 In my judgment, there was nothing on the facts of this case that warranted
HSR being held vicariously liable for the fraud perpetrated by Kelvin. It was
abundantly clear from the plaintiff’s testimony that she gave Kelvin the four
cheques signed in blank and left everything to him simply because she chose to
trust Kelvin. The plaintiff said that she was recovering from her knee surgery
at the material time. However, that did not explain why she could not have (a)
obtained the details from Kelvin and filled in the details on the cheques
herself, or (b) asked Kelvin to complete the cheques before she signed them.

34 In my view, the plaintiff’s conduct was grossly negligent. No reasonable
person would have or could be expected to have done what the plaintiff did.
Her loss was directly attributable to her own moral culpability.

35 There was no reason to fault HSR. Indeed, the plaintiff was aware from
HSR’s Service Fee Agreement for the purchase of the Bayshore Park Property
back in 2007 that she should not be giving blank cheques to HSR’s agents. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE 7 March 2017, at 37:19–38:16.

The Service Fee Agreement clearly stated that all commission was to be paid by
crossed cheque made in favour of HSR. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AB 54.

36 None of the factors listed in [31] above gave rise to any reason to impose
vicarious liability on HSR in this case. The opportunity given to Kelvin to
commit the fraud arose from the plaintiff’s own conduct. As pointed out in
Skandinaviska at [81], in the final analysis, the ultimate goals of fairness
and justice must be paramount. In the present case, it was unfortunate that
the plaintiff was defrauded by Kelvin. However, on the facts, it would be
unfair and unjust to impose vicarious liability on HSR.

Whether HSR was liable under agency law

37 A principal who authorises his agent, whether an employee or independent
contractor, to commit a tortious act is liable for the consequences of such
act. In the context of agency, the distinction over whether a person is an
employee or an independent contractor and how such persons differ from an
agent is of little significance. See The Law of Agency at paras 02-013 and
02-014).

38 In my view, Kelvin was clearly acting as HSR’s agent in his dealings with
the plaintiff. However, that did not mean that HSR was therefore liable for
everything that Kelvin did. The question was whether Kelvin acted within his
authority as HSR’s agent when he obtained the cheques, signed in blank, from
the plaintiff and used them for his own purposes.

39 An agent’s authority may be express, implied or apparent. It was not the
plaintiff’s case that she thought Kelvin had authority to receive cheques
signed in blank. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE 15 March 2017, at 3:6–19.

Instead, her case was based simply on the fact that Kelvin was authorised to
receive cheques on behalf of HSR. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE 15 March 2017, at 3:20–24.

However, it could not be disputed that Kelvin was authorised only to receive
cheques crossed and made payable to HSR. Clearly, this was vastly different
from receiving a cheque signed in blank. In my judgment, there was no basis
upon which Kelvin’s fraudulent acts could be said to have been within his
authority as an agent.

40 In the circumstances, I found HSR not liable for Kelvin’s wrongdoing based
on agency.

Whether HSR was in breach of its duty to supervise Kelvin

41 It was common ground that HSR owed the plaintiff a duty to exercise care
and skill. The plaintiff alleged that HSR breached its duty of care by

(a) appointing Kelvin as an agent representing HSR when Kelvin was an
undischarged bankrupt between 2 August 2003 and 9 April 2010;

(b) failing to disclose Kelvin’s status as a bankrupt;

(c) failing to supervise Kelvin; and

(d) misleading the plaintiff and/or misrepresenting Kelvin’s status as a
“Group Director”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Arguments at Close of Trial, para 75.

42 Kelvin was adjudged a bankrupt on 1 August 2003; he was discharged from
bankruptcy on 9 April 2010. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

AB 39.

Kelvin was therefore an undischarged bankrupt when he was engaged by the
plaintiff in 2009.

43 The Estate Agents Act (Cap 95A, 2011 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) was enacted in
2010. Section 28 of the Act imposes a requirement for estate agents to be
licensed and s 29 imposes a requirement for salespersons (acting for licensed
estate agents) to be registered. Section 32(2)(c) provides that an individual
shall not be eligible to be or to remain registered as a salesperson unless
the Council for Estates Agents (“CEA”) considers him a fit and proper person
to be registered as a salesperson. The CEA considers a person not to be fit
and proper to be registered as a salesperson if he is an undischarged
bankrupt. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Authorities, Tab U.

44 It was not disputed that the regulatory regime under the Act did not apply
in the present case since it came into effect only in 2010. Appointing an
undischarged bankrupt as a salesperson prior to 2010 did not breach any
regulations. During closing submissions, the plaintiff accepted that HSR did
not breach its duty of care in appointing Kelvin as a salesperson in 2009,
when Kelvin was an undischarged bankrupt. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NE 15 March 2017, at 7:23–27.

45 Instead the plaintiff submitted that HSR should have informed the plaintiff
that Kelvin was an undischarged bankrupt and asked the plaintiff whether she
was prepared to still let Kelvin handle her transactions. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE 15 March 2017, at 11:24–12:4.

I disagreed with the plaintiff. If HSR did not breach any duty of care in
appointing an undischarged bankrupt as a salesperson, there was no reason why
HSR should have had to inform the plaintiff that Kelvin was an undischarged
bankrupt.

46 As for the submission that HSR failed to supervise Kelvin, the statement of
claim was silent as to how HSR had breached this duty to supervise. During
closing submissions, the plaintiff was also unable to say what it was that HSR
had failed to do in supervising Kelvin.

47 I turn next to the alleged misrepresentation by HSR. Salespersons in HSR
were given different designations according to the total amount of commissions
that they earned to date. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE 8 March 2017, at 20:3–15; AB 292.

Kelvin’s designation was “Group Director” as he had earned sufficient
commissions to qualify for that designation. The use of the word “director”
did not mean that Kelvin was a statutory director under the Companies Act (Cap
50, 2006 Rev Ed). Kelvin’s designation as “Group Director” appeared on his
business card.

48 The plaintiff argued that the designation “Group Director” showed that
Kelvin was a senior person within HSR and it was therefore reasonable for the
plaintiff to trust him in giving him cheques signed in blank. According to the
plaintiff, since Kelvin was an undischarged bankrupt, HSR should not have
allowed him to present himself as a Group Director. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NE 15 March 2017, at 12:11–13:4.

49 I disagreed with the plaintiff. It was clear that the plaintiff trusted
Kelvin because of her prior dealings with him when he acted for her father in
selling the Neptune Court Property. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE 7 March 2017, at 20:17–25; SOC, para 48.

50 In any event, the plaintiff was unable to show the nexus between any of the
alleged breaches by HSR and the loss that she suffered. I had no doubt that
Kelvin was able to misappropriate the plaintiff’s monies only because the
plaintiff gave him cheques signed in blank. The plaintiff did so because she
chose to trust him. In my judgment, the plaintiff had failed to prove that her
loss resulted from any breach of duty by HSR.

Whether the four cheques were loans to Kelvin

51 One of the defences was that the four cheques represented loans to Kelvin
and/or his nominees. The plaintiff testified that in November/December 2010,
Kelvin called her and asked her for a loan, saying that he would repay all her
money (including the amount withdrawn using the Cheques) later. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE 7 March 2017, at 31:29–31; 32:24–30; 33:3–6.

I agreed with HSR that the fact that Kelvin would call the plaintiff to ask
for a loan, after having misappropriated the plaintiff’s money, did arouse
suspicion. However, this was mere suspicion and as there was no other
evidence, the defence that the four cheques represented loans to Kelvin did
not succeed.

Conclusion

52 It was unfortunate that the plaintiff suffered loss at Kelvin’s hands.
However, there was no basis whatsoever in law to hold HSR liable for Kelvin’s
wrongful acts in misappropriating the plaintiff’s monies. Kelvin was able to
do so because the plaintiff chose to give him cheques signed in blank,
trusting him to use the cheques for specified purposes.

53 I therefore dismissed the plaintiff’s claim. As the plaintiff had been
granted legal aid under the Legal Aid and Orders Act (Cap 160, 2014 Rev Ed), I
made no order as to costs.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge

Pereira Edmond Avethas and Justin James Zehnder (Edmond Pereira Law
Corporation) for the plaintiff;  
Eugene Thuraisingam and Suang Wijaya (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for the second
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 29 Oct 2020 (20:25 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

