Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGCA 44

Criminal Motion No 4 of 2017

Between

| Ilechukwu Uchechukwu Chukwudi  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Courts and Jurisdiction] — [Court of Appeal] — [Power to reopen concluded
criminal appeals]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Adducing fresh evidence]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ilechukwu Uchechukwu Chukwudi

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2017] SGCA 44

Court of Appeal — Criminal Motion No 4 of 2017  
Chao Hick Tin JA, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Tay Yong Kwang JA  
4 May 2017

2 August 2017 Judgment reserved.

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 In Kho Jabing v Public Prosecutor [2016] 3 SLR 135 (“Kho Jabing”) at [2],
this court established that in exceptional cases, it would review its previous
decision in a concluded criminal appeal where it was necessary to correct a
miscarriage of justice. In recent years, applications to review concluded
criminal appeals have arisen on several occasions (see Kho Jabing, Ramalingam
Ravinthran v Attorney-General [2012] 2 SLR 49 (“Ramalingam”), Yong Vui Kong v
Public Prosecutor [2012] 2 SLR 872 (“Yong Vui Kong (Prosecutorial
Discretion)”) and Quek Hock Lye v Public Prosecutor [2015] 2 SLR 563 (“Quek
Hock Lye”)). These applications were all based on new legal arguments.

2 The present criminal motion (“the Present Motion”) differs from these cases
in that the sole basis for review relied upon by the applicant, Ilechukwu
Uchechukwu Chukwudi (“the Applicant”), is fresh evidence. The question before
us is whether the Applicant’s case is sufficiently exceptional to warrant a
review under the principles set out in Kho Jabing.

The facts

3 On 13 November 2011, the Applicant, a Nigerian national, flew from Lagos,
Nigeria to Singapore. Prior to his departure from Lagos, he checked in a black
luggage bag (“the Black Luggage”), which he collected upon his arrival in
Singapore. That night, the Applicant passed the Black Luggage to one Hamidah
Binte Awang (“Hamidah”). Hamidah placed the Black Luggage in her car and drove
to Woodlands Checkpoint. At Woodlands Checkpoint, Hamidah’s car was searched.
The Black Luggage was cut open at the sides and drugs were discovered therein.

4 The Applicant was subsequently charged with trafficking in not less than
1,963.3g of methamphetamine under s 5(1)(a) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”). Hamidah was charged with attempting to export
not less than 1,963.3g of methamphetamine, an offence under s 7 read with s 12
of the MDA and punishable under either s 33 or s 33B of the MDA. Both the
Applicant and Hamidah claimed trial.

5 On 21 June 2013, the Applicant was asked by ASP Deng Kaile (“ASP Deng”), the
Investigating Officer handling the investigations into his case, if he wished
to be sent for a psychiatric evaluation. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

ASP Deng’s affidavit dated 13 April 2017 at para 5.

The Applicant indicated that he did not want a psychiatric evaluation.

6 The trial took place in late 2014. The main issue before the trial judge
(“the Judge”) was whether the Applicant and Hamidah had knowledge of the drugs
concealed in the Black Luggage. At the end of the trial, the Judge acquitted
the Applicant but convicted Hamidah (see Public Prosecutor v Hamidah Binte
Awang and another [2015] SGHC 4).

7 The Prosecution appealed against the Applicant’s acquittal by way of
Criminal Appeal No 10 of 2014 (“CCA 10/2014”). On 29 June 2015, we allowed the
appeal and convicted the Applicant of the charge preferred against him (see
Public Prosecutor v Ilechukwu Uchechukwu Chukwudi [2015] SGCA 33 (“CA
(Conviction)”)). We should point out that one of our reasons for allowing the
appeal was that we found that the Judge had failed to properly consider the
impact of the Applicant’s lies and omissions in his statements to the Central
Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) (CA (Conviction) at [88]).

8 The matter was remitted to the Judge for sentencing. Given the quantity of
drugs trafficked, the Applicant could be sentenced to suffer the penalty of
death. On 18 September 2015, with a view to considering whether the Applicant
had grounds to argue that he should instead be sentenced to life imprisonment
under s 33B(3)(b) of the MDA on the basis of diminished responsibility, the
Applicant’s lawyer, Mr Eugene Thuraisingam (“Mr Thuraisingam”), requested
Changi Prison’s Complex Medical Centre for a psychiatric report on the
Applicant. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Eugene Thuraisingam dated 4 April 2017 (“Eugene’s affidavit”) at
para 21.

The Complex Medical Centre issued its report (“the CMC Report”) on 30 November
2015. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Eugene’s affidavit at para 24.

9 To secure a second opinion, Mr Thuraisingam also obtained a psychiatric
report dated 28 March 2016 from Dr Ung Eng Khean (“Dr Ung”), a psychiatrist in
private practice. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Eugene’s affidavit at paras 26–27.

Dr Ung’s report (“the Private Report”) was served on the Prosecution on 25
April 2016. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Eugene’s affidavit at para 30.

10 The Prosecution then arranged for the Applicant to be assessed by the
Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”), which subsequently issued a report dated 6
March 2017 (“the IMH Report”). That report was prepared by Dr Jaydip Sarkar
(“Dr Sarkar”).

11 On 5 April 2017, the Applicant filed the Present Motion requesting (in the
main) this court to rehear the Prosecution’s appeal in CCA 10/2014 against the
Judge’s acquittal of the Applicant. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Notion of Motion, p 2.

In support of his motion, the Applicant relied on the IMH Report as fresh
evidence of his innocence.

The law on reopening concluded criminal appeals

12 The law on reopening concluded criminal appeals was extensively reviewed by
a five-judge coram of this court in Kho Jabing (at [10]–[24]), where we traced
the “gradual shift” in this court’s attitude towards reopening concluded
criminal appeals over the years. This court had in the past considered itself
functus officio in such situations, as held in four cases decided in the 1990s
and early 2000s. A limited exception was later recognised in Koh Zhan Quan
Tony v Public Prosecutor and another motion [2006] 2 SLR(R) 830, which is not
relevant for present purposes. In Yong Vui Kong v Public Prosecutor [2010] 2
SLR 192, this court expressed obiter support for a wider jurisdiction to
reopen concluded criminal appeals. Following that decision, concluded criminal
appeals were reviewed in three cases (namely, Ramalingam, Yong Vui Kong
(Prosecutorial Discretion) and Quek Hock Lye), all of which involved questions
of constitutional law that had not been considered at the hearing of the
respective appeals.

13 In Kho Jabing, after tracing the developments in Singapore in this area of
law, this court examined the position in several foreign jurisdictions before
restating the test for determining whether it would review a concluded
criminal appeal as follows (at [44]) – there had to be “sufficient material on
which the court can say that there has been a miscarriage of justice”. The
court went on to elaborate on this test in these terms (likewise at [44]):

… Analytically, we see this test as comprising two essential components:

(a) The first is the evidential requirement of “sufficient material”. The
court must be satisfied that the material adduced in support of the
application for review is both “new” and “compelling” before it will consider
the application. If the material presented does not satisfy these two indicia,
then the application fails in limine and the inquiry stops there. The burden
of production rests on the applicant.

(b) The second is the substantive requirement that a “miscarriage of justice”
must have been occasioned. This is the threshold which must be crossed before
the court will consider that a concluded criminal appeal ought to be reopened.
The burden of proving this likewise rests on the applicant.

14 The test laid down in Kho Jabing represents this court’s perception of the
right balance between the prevention of error on the one hand and the
according of proper respect to the principle of finality of proceedings on the
other. We also discussed in Kho Jabing the policy tension in a case involving
the death penalty such as the Present Motion (at [50]):

In our judgment, the principle of finality is no less important in cases
involving the death penalty. There is no question that as a modality of
punishment, capital punishment is different because of its irreversibility.
For this reason, capital cases deserve the most anxious and searching
scrutiny. This is also reflected in our laws. … But, once the processes of
appeal and/or review have run their course, the legal process must recede into
the background, and attention must then shift from the legal contest to the
search for repose. We do not think it benefits anyone – not accused persons,
not their families nor society at large – for there to be an endless inquiry
into the same facts and the same law with the same raised hopes and dashed
expectations that accompany each such fruitless endeavour.

15 With these policy considerations in mind, we now proceed to apply the test
set out in Kho Jabing to the Present Motion. Should this court’s decision in
CA (Conviction) be reopened?

Our analysis of the Present Motion

The IMH Report

16 The only fresh evidence relied on by the Applicant in the Present Motion is
the IMH Report. Given its central importance, we begin by elaborating on its
genesis and its contents.

17 It will be recalled that in March 2016, the Applicant obtained the Private
Report from Dr Ung (see [9] above). For this report, Dr Ung was instructed to
opine on whether the Applicant “was (on the balance of probabilities)
suffering from an abnormality of mind as would substantially impair his mental
responsibility for his acts and omissions in respect to the offence”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Eugene’s affidavit at p 161 (Private Report at para 6.1).

In the Private Report, Dr Ung stated that the Applicant suffered from
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (“ADHD”) at the time of the offence,
and that the Applicant’s ADHD had “substantially impaired” his mental
responsibility for the offence. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Eugene’s affidavit at p 185 (Private Report at para 43).

18 In response, the Prosecution arranged for the Applicant to be assessed by
Dr Sarkar, culminating in the IMH Report. The instructions given to Dr Sarkar
were more general than those given to Dr Ung (which focused on the Applicant’s
state of mind at the time of the offence). Dr Sarkar was “provided no specific
instructions other than to carry out a ‘psychiatric assessment of the
[Applicant]’” 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Eugene’s affidavit at p 23 (IMH Report at para 6).

[emphasis in original]. In the IMH Report, Dr Sarkar disagreed with Dr Ung and
opined that the Applicant did not suffer from ADHD. Instead, he diagnosed the
Applicant as suffering from Mild Neurocognitive Disorder (“MND”) which was
“extant at the time of [the] commission of [the] offence”, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Eugene’s affidavit at p 33 (IMH Report at para 73(a)).

but concluded that the Applicant’s MND had not substantially impaired his
criminal responsibility for the offence. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Eugene’s affidavit at p 35 (IMH Report at paras 85–87).

19 Dr Sarkar did not, however, stop at assessing the Applicant’s mental state
at the time of the offence. He also examined the Applicant’s mental state at
the time the Applicant gave his statements to the CNB in the course of the
investigations. Dr Sarkar diagnosed the Applicant as suffering from Post-
Traumatic Stress Disorder (“PTSD”) which arose as a result of childhood
trauma. According to the IMH Report, as a young Christian child living in a
Muslim-dominated town, the Applicant had witnessed an attack by a Muslim
tribe. The attack was recounted in the IMH Report as follows: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Eugene’s affidavit at p 23 (IMH Report at para 10).

[The Applicant] said he was playing outside the provision store owned and run
by his mother when he saw people being attacked with choppers and cutlass
[sic] (a short sword with a slightly curved blade) and maimed and killed. He
has an abiding image of them being chased by assailants who raised bladed
weapons above their heads and bring [sic] them down with full force upon the
victims who fall [sic] down. He recalls seeing a lot of blood around a well
near their shop into which bodies were chopped and thrown …

20 Dr Sarkar was of the view that the childhood trauma of “being nearly killed
and viewing the killing of others” had caused the Applicant to suffer
intermittently from PTSD symptoms throughout his life. The Applicant’s PTSD
symptoms were triggered after the Applicant was told by CNB officers that he
faced the death penalty, and those symptoms were present when he gave his
statements to the CNB. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Eugene’s affidavit at p 34 (IMH Report at paras 79–80).

Dr Sarkar opined that the Applicant’s PTSD was “likely to have led to an
overestimation of [the] threat to his life which could have prompted him to
utter unsophisticated and blatant falsehoods in order to save his life” 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Eugene’s affidavit at p 35 (IMH Report at para 88).

[emphasis added].

21 This is the material part of the IMH Report that is relied upon by the
Applicant in the Present Motion – Dr Sarkar’s opinion as to how the
Applicant’s PTSD was likely to have caused the Applicant to lie in his
statements to the CNB. This opinion is said to contradict key portions of our
decision in CA (Conviction), for example, at [61], where we held that the
Applicant’s lies could only be explained by “his realisation of his guilt”.

22 We now proceed to apply the test laid down in Kho Jabing to determine
whether the IMH Report constitutes “sufficient material on which the court can
say that there has been a miscarriage of justice” in the sense that there is a
“powerful probability” that our decision in CA (Conviction) is wrong (Kho
Jabing at [44] and [65]).

Whether the evidential requirement of “sufficient material” has been met

23 In order for the material tendered in support of an application for review
to be considered “sufficient”, it must be both “new” and “compelling”: Kho
Jabing at [52]. In our judgment, the IMH Report is clearly “new”, and is also
prima facie “compelling”.

The IMH Report is “new”

24 The requirements which have to be satisfied in order for material to be
considered “new” were explained in Kho Jabing at [53] as follows:

“New” material is that which: (a) has hitherto not been considered at any
stage of the proceedings leading to the decision under challenge; and (b)
could not, even with reasonable diligence, have been adduced in court prior to
the filing of the application for review. …

25 The Prosecution submits that limb (b) of the above extract from Kho Jabing
(“limb (b)”) has not been satisfied as the Applicant could easily have
obtained a psychiatric report from IMH at an earlier point in time. According
to the Prosecution, the Applicant had a clear opportunity to do that on 21
June 2013 when ASP Deng expressly asked him whether he wished to be sent for a
psychiatric evaluation. Having rejected this offer, the Applicant should be
made to bear the attendant consequences. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Prosecution’s submissions (“PS”) at paras 33–34.

26 We are unable to accept this submission. The rationale behind limb (b) is
to prevent litigants from “introducing their evidence in a piecemeal and
haphazard fashion” (Kho Jabing at [55]). The evidence before us does not in
any way indicate that the Applicant has been intentionally drip-feeding his
evidence. It is significant to note that in his interviews with Dr Sarkar, the
Applicant denied having any mental disorder. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Eugene’s affidavit at p 26 (IMH Report at para 28).

He also did not volunteer any symptoms of PTSD to Dr Sarkar, and only stated
them when probed. As Dr Sarkar noted in the IMH Report: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Eugene’s affidavit at p 35 (IMH Report at para 91).

The characteristic symptoms of PTSD were offered spontaneously and voluntarily
and in response to open ended questions (e.g. can you tell me about your
childhood a little?). He did not try to bring attention to PTSD or
dissociative symptoms at all and responded in detail only when asked. …

27 Dr Sarkar noted that the Applicant had a “culturally-based negative
attitude towards mental disorders” and “did not wish for a mental illness
tag”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Eugene’s affidavit at pp 35–36 (IMH Report at para 92).

In the circumstances, we find that the Applicant, even with reasonable
diligence, could not have adduced the IMH Report in court earlier. Thus, limb
(b) is not an impediment to the IMH Report being considered “new” evidence.

The IMH Report is prima facie compelling

28 There are two dimensions to the requirement that the material relied on in
support of an application for review must be “compelling”. First, the material
in question must be “reliable”; second, it must be “substantial” and
“powerfully probative” (Kho Jabing at [60]–[61]). In our judgment, the IMH
Report is prima facie compelling in both respects even though it has come into
existence only at a very late stage of the proceedings due to the unique turn
of events in this case. Indeed, it is precisely because of this unique turn of
events – which has led to the IMH Report being issued only at the sentencing
stage and only in response to the Prosecution’s request for a psychiatric
report – that we are prepared to accept this report as material that is prima
facie compelling despite what was said in Kho Jabing at [65] (see [44] below).

(1) The IMH Report is prima face reliable

29 Reliable material is material that “possesses a high degree of cogency, and
is credible and trustworthy in respect of the matters to which it pertains”
(Kho Jabing at [60]). Objective evidence (such as DNA evidence and documentary
evidence) is more likely to be considered reliable than subjective evidence
(such as evidence from witnesses testifying on the witness stand).

30 In the Present Motion, the Prosecution takes the position that the IMH
Report is unreliable. It accepts that Dr Sarkar is an objective witness, but
contends that his diagnosis of PTSD is unreliable as it is based on the
Applicant’s “self-reported and uncorroborated version of events” 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PS at para 37.

[emphasis in original omitted]. These events, particularly those relating to
the childhood trauma which the Applicant allegedly suffered in Nigeria, have
not (so the Prosecution argues) been independently verified. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Eugene’s affidavit at p 23 (IMH Report at para 7).

31 In our view, the fact that the Applicant’s alleged childhood trauma is
uncorroborated does not in itself mean that Dr Sarkar’s diagnosis of PTSD is
therefore unreliable. We expressly stated in Kho Jabing (at [60]) that “we
would not go so far as to dogmatically exclude all subjective evidence” from
being considered “reliable” material. In the present case, we note that Dr
Sarkar specifically ruled out the possibility that the Applicant was
malingering in arriving at his diagnosis of PTSD. In addition, Dr Sarkar
considered various factors, including the manner in which the Applicant
brought up his PTSD symptoms (see above at [26]), the Applicant’s aversion to
being labelled mentally ill and the Applicant’s record in prison of repeatedly
stopping the antidepressant medication which he had been prescribed, before
stating that the validity of his diagnosis of PTSD “is not in question”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Eugene’s affidavit at pp 29–30 and 35–36 (IMH Report at paras 52–53 and
91–92).

32 We accept that there is, at present, no expert evidence to either confirm
or refute Dr Sarkar’s diagnosis of the Applicant’s PTSD and his opinion of the
likely effects of PTSD on the Applicant. However, that is wholly due to the
unique turn of events in this case – the CMC Report and the Private Report
were entirely silent on the issue of PTSD as they were prepared before Dr
Sarkar’s diagnosis in the IMH Report. The Prosecution’s objection that the IMH
Report is unreliable can be easily addressed if this court allows the Present
Motion and makes the appropriate orders for the taking of further evidence on
matters arising from the IMH Report. It could then turn out that the
psychiatrist who prepared the CMC Report and Dr Ung (who prepared the Private
Report), or any other psychiatrist who might be consulted, might disagree with
Dr Sarkar’s diagnosis if asked to comment on it. Such disagreement among
psychiatrists is not uncommon. It will then be for the court to decide whether
Dr Sarkar’s diagnosis of PTSD is correct, and if so, to assess what impact
PTSD had on the Applicant.

33 The Prosecution has also cast doubt on the reliability of the IMH Report on
the basis that the Applicant, when assessed by Dr Ung, did not mention
anything about the alleged childhood trauma which forms the foundation of Dr
Sarkar’s diagnosis of PTSD. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PS at para 39.

As we have already noted, the Applicant was averse to being labelled mentally
ill and did not volunteer his account of his alleged childhood trauma to Dr
Sarkar (see [26] above). Whether the facts underlying the Applicant’s account
of his alleged childhood trauma are true and whether the Applicant’s aversion
to being labelled mentally ill is indeed the reason why he did not mention
those facts to Dr Ung are all questions which have yet to be explored, again
because of the unique turn of events in this case. However, these questions
can and will be examined if, as indicated at [32] above, this court allows the
Present Motion and makes the appropriate orders for the taking of further
evidence on matters arising from the IMH Report.

34 We therefore reject the Prosecution’s submissions on the unreliability of
the IMH Report and find that that report is prima facie reliable.

(2) The IMH Report is prima facie substantial and powerfully probative

35 In Kho Jabing, we explained the second dimension of the requirement of
“compelling” material as follows (at [61]):

The second dimension of the requirement of “compelling” material is that the
material in question must be “substantial” and “powerfully probative” in the
sense that it is logically relevant to the precise issues which are in
dispute. …

36 In our view, the IMH Report, as it presently stands, is prima facie
“substantial” and “powerfully probative” in the sense that it is logically
relevant to the precise issues in dispute in CCA 10/2014. Let us explain.

37 In CCA 10/2014, a key issue in dispute was whether the Applicant had
rebutted the statutory presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA that he had
knowledge of the nature of the drugs found in his possession. In determining
this issue, we considered it highly relevant to examine the reasons why the
Applicant lied in his statements to the CNB (“the False Statements Issue”).
This issue was variously described as (inter alia) a “key” and “essential”
point in CCA 10/2014, as can be seen from the following extracts from CA
(Conviction) at [33] and [61]:

33 In determining whether the Judge had erred in accepting the [Applicant]’s
defence [viz, the Applicant had come to Singapore on business and did not know
that the Black Luggage, which had been handed to him only at the airport in
Lagos, Nigeria, contained drugs (see CA (Conviction) at [5])], the key dispute
centres on the probative effect of the numerous lies and omissions made by the
[Applicant] in his statements to the CNB, and the Judge’s treatment of the
[Applicant]’s explanations for those lies and omissions. To narrow the point
down even further, the critical question to be answered is whether the
[Applicant] had lied for innocent reasons, or whether he had intentionally
lied because he knew that telling the truth would link him to the crime.

…

61 ... The essential question, as we have said earlier, is whether the
[Applicant] had lied for innocent reasons, or whether he had intentionally
lied because he knew that telling the truth would link him to the crime. …

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

38 The Applicant’s explanation for the lies in his statements to the CNB was
summarised at [56] of CA (Conviction) as follows:

The [Applicant’s] explanations for the lies, in summary, is that he had
decided to lie out of fear because his life was at stake, and that ASP Deng
was the “shepherd” who had led him to say the things that he wanted the
[Applicant] to say. Essentially, [the Applicant’s] point is that, because he
did not know the full facts of what had happened, he decided to deny anything
that was not in his possession as he felt that was the safer course to take. …

39 After analysing the Applicant’s explanation for his lies, we ruled on the
False Statements Issue as follows (CA (Conviction) at [61] and [87]–[88]):

61 The [Applicant]’s excuses for the lies were wholly unsatisfactory and
unbelievable. It is clear to us that he had deliberately lied to distance
himself from the drugs in the Black Luggage, the existence of which he knew.
Quite simply, there is no acceptable explanation for the lies save for his
realisation of his guilt. To suggest that the [Applicant] was justified to lie
as a defensive move would be to turn reason and logic on its head.

…

87 In the present case, the [Applicant]’s version of the facts is quite
improbable. There was also no corroborating evidence for various key aspects
of the [Applicant]’s case. That said, we would still have hesitated to think
that the [Applicant]’s version of the facts is so incredible that it would
ipso facto justify appellate interference. Had the case merely turned on the
Judge’s assessment [of] the credibility of the [Applicant]’s oral testimony at
trial (and nothing more), we might have declined to interfere.

88 What tipped the scales are the numerous lies and omissions made by the
[Applicant] in his statements, for which there is no innocent explanation.
This is an important distinguishing factor from Farid [ie, Public Prosecutor v
Muhammad Farid bin Mohd Yusop [2015] SGCA 12] and the majority judgment in Hla
Win [ie, Public Prosecutor v Hla Win [1995] 2 SLR(R) 104]. In those cases, the
evidence of the respective [accused persons] at trial was consistent with
their statements, and this lent credibility to their evidence at trial (see
eg, Farid at [28] and Hla Win at [42] and [43]). Indeed, even Yong [Pung How]
CJ in his dissenting judgment in Hla Win said that the [accused] “had been a
very consistent witness” (Hla Win at [61]). Unfortunately, the Judge erred in
failing to draw an adverse inference against the [Applicant] for his lies and
omissions, and also in failing to properly consider the impact of the lies and
omissions in [the Applicant’s] statements on the credibility of the
[Applicant]’s evidence at the trial … We could not see how the [Applicant]
could be considered to have rebutted the presumption of knowledge on a balance
of probabilities when the objective facts are all stacked against him,
including all the lies he uttered as well as the material facts he
deliberately suppressed in all his statements, and when the sole objective
fact which is in his favour (going into the car of Hamidah) is really of
limited value. The lies were told by the [Applicant] obviously to distance
himself from the Black Luggage and the [d]rugs concealed therein.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

40 The IMH Report is prima facie powerfully probative in relation to the False
Statements Issue because Dr Sarkar has opined that the Applicant’s PTSD was
“likely” to have caused him to give false statements to the CNB (see [20]
above). The pertinent parts of Dr Sarkar’s assessment in this regard are
reproduced below: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Eugene’s affidavit at pp 34–35 (IMH Report at paras 79, 80, 84 and 88).

79\. Given his experiences during his early life … of being nearly killed and
viewing the killing of others, [the Applicant] has experienced intermittently
post-traumatic stress symptoms throughout his life. It is unclear whether this
could have crossed a threshold into a frank disorder state since there is no
collaborative information available.

80\. It is my opinion that he experienced … Post-traumatic Stress Disorder or
PTSD (after becoming aware of [the] death penalty …). The statements that he
provided to CNB were given at a time when he was experiencing the symptoms of
this disorder. His current symptoms include obsessive ruminations and
nightmares about death and dying.

…

84\. The [Applicant]’s tendency to provide inconsistent statements and change
his account repeatedly following arrest and his explanations for those were
not considered innocent enough to have rebutted [the] s 18(2) assumption, i.e.
he did not know there were drugs in the baggage. That being so, the
[Applicant] was suffering from acute symptoms of PTSD with dissociation around
the time that he made the inconsistent and unreliable statements (between 14
Nov and 21 Nov 2011). This could be a factor relevant in providing an
unreliable account.

…

88\. He was suffering from a recognized mental disorder (PTSD with
dissociative symptoms) at the time that his statements were taken by
investigating officers. In my opinion [the] presence of this disorder is
likely to have led to an overestimation of [the] threat to his life which
could have prompted him to utter unsophisticated and blatant falsehoods in
order to save his life as outlined in paragraph 48.

[emphasis in original underlined; emphasis added in bold italics]

41 One limitation of this theory that the Applicant was likely to have lied in
his statements to the CNB because of his PTSD is that it does not account for
the lies told by the Applicant in the first statement which he made after his
arrest on 14 November 2011 (“the First Statement”). According to the IMH
Report, the Applicant experienced PTSD symptoms after he became aware that he
potentially faced the death penalty. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Eugene’s affidavit at p 34 (IMH Report at para 80).

That occurred only after he had given the First Statement, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Eugene’s affidavit at p 28 (IMH Report at para 42).

and it therefore appears that he was not suffering from PTSD when he made that
statement.

42 That said, we are mindful that in CCA 10/2014, we did not find that the
Applicant’s lies in the First Statement alone warranted overturning the
Judge’s decision to acquit the Applicant. As we stated in CA (Conviction) at
[45] and [54]:

45 … Taken in isolation, it is indeed possible that the [Applicant] had lied
in the First Statement even though he did not know before he was arrested that
the Black Luggage contained drugs. We might not have held this lie against the
[Applicant] if he had come clean afterwards. However, the [Applicant] did not
stop here.

…

54 As we have alluded to earlier, the [Applicant]’s misstatement in the First
Statement might not have been held against him if he had corrected himself
when giving the cautioned statement, as by then he had been informed of and
given clear warning as to the consequences of continued deception. He did not
change his ways. He lied in the cautioned statement and continued to lie in
all the long statements.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

43 In other words, it was the collective effect of the Applicant’s lies in all
his statements to the CNB, and not solely the lies in the First Statement,
that led this court to overturn the Applicant’s acquittal by the Judge. Given
that Dr Sarkar’s opinion may possibly explain why the Applicant continued to
lie in the statements which he made to the CNB after the First Statement, we
find that the IMH Report is prima facie “powerfully probative” in respect of
the False Statements Issue – which, we reiterate, was “[t]he essential
question” [emphasis added in bold italics] before us in CCA 10/2014 (see the
extract from [61] of CA (Conviction) reproduced at [37] above).

Whether the substantive requirement of “miscarriage of justice” has been met

44 We turn now to the substantive requirement of “miscarriage of justice” laid
down in Kho Jabing. As we explained in Kho Jabing (at [63]), a miscarriage of
justice is chiefly (but not exclusively) found either where a decision is
“demonstrably wrong”, or where there has been fraud or a breach of natural
justice. The question in the Present Motion is whether the IMH Report as it
currently stands shows prima facie that our decision in CA (Conviction) is
demonstrably wrong. The requisite standard in this regard was described in Kho
Jabing at [65] as follows:

In our judgment, where the decision under challenge is a decision on
conviction, it is not sufficient to show that there is a real possibility that
the decision is wrong. Instead, it must be shown, based on the material
tendered in support of the application for review alone and without the need
for further inquiry, that there is a powerful probability that the decision
concerned is wrong. … [emphasis added]

45 We earlier highlighted that the False Statements Issue was “[w]hat tipped
the scales” in CCA 10/2014 and led us to overturn the Judge’s acquittal of the
Applicant (see the extract from [88] of CA (Conviction) quoted at [39] above).
We have also found that the IMH Report is prima facie powerfully probative in
relation to the False Statements Issue. We therefore find that the IMH Report
does prima facie raise a “powerful probability” that our decision in CA
(Conviction) is wrong. We emphasise here that it is because of the unique turn
of events in this case that we are prepared to accept evidence which prima
facie satisfies the substantive “miscarriage of justice” requirement
articulated in Kho Jabing even though we stated in that judgment that the
material tendered in support of an application for review must demonstrate
“alone and without the need for further inquiry” [emphasis added] a powerful
probability that the decision under challenge is wrong (see [44] above).

46 In resisting the Present Motion, the Prosecution has pointed to other
aspects of our reasoning in CA (Conviction) (apart from our reasoning on the
False Statements Issue) to show that our decision in CCA 10/2014 is not
demonstrably wrong (eg, our analysis in CA (Conviction) at [71]–[82] of the
Applicant’s “improbable” account of the events which took place on 13 November
2011). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PS at para 52.

As we stated in CA (Conviction) at [83], CCA 10/2014 “turn[ed] primarily on
questions of fact, and it is a well-established principle that an appellate
court is usually slow to overturn the factual findings of a trial judge”. The
IMH Report raises a powerful probability that our decision on the False
Statements Issue – and, in turn, on CCA 10/2014 as a whole – is wrong,
notwithstanding the other aspects of our reasoning in CA (Conviction) which
support our decision in that appeal. Given these circumstances, we think it
would be best to reconsider all the facts of this case only after the
additional evidence outlined in our orders at [50] below has been adduced and
dealt with.

47 Another objection which the Prosecution has raised in the Present Motion is
that the Applicant seeks, as an alternative to a rehearing of CCA 10/2014, an
order that additional oral and/or other evidence be taken in relation to the
IMH Report. This, the Prosecution argues, indicates that contrary to the
standard set in Kho Jabing – which requires the wrongfulness of the decision
under challenge to be shown “based on the material tendered in support of the
application for review alone and without the need for further inquiry” (see
the extract from [65] of Kho Jabing quoted at [44] above) – the IMH Report
does not on its own show a powerful probability that this court erred in
overturning the Judge’s order of acquittal and convicting the Applicant in CA
(Conviction).

48 We have already dealt with this point earlier when we explained at [28] and
[45] above why we are applying the principles laid down in Kho Jabing in a
slightly modified form here. Due to the unique turn of events in this case,
there is nothing objectionable about the Applicant’s prayer for additional
evidence to be taken. In fact, this is what we direct below (at [50]) before a
review of our decision in CA (Conviction) takes place. We are also of the view
that the best course of action in this case would be to have such evidence
received by the Judge as he would have had to hear the psychiatric evidence in
any event, if the Present Motion had not been filed, for the purposes of
sentencing the Applicant following this court’s reversal of his acquittal by
the Judge.

49 Accordingly, we will review our decision in CA (Conviction) only after the
Judge has taken the further evidence set out at [50] below.

Our orders on the Present Motion at this stage

50 We therefore allow the Present Motion in part and order a review of this
court’s decision in CA (Conviction) because of the unique turn of events in
this case, which make it a “truly exceptional” case of the kind envisaged by
this court in Kho Jabing at [65]. In so ordering, we are not making a finding
that the Applicant does indeed suffer from PTSD or that he was affected by it
when he made his statements to the CNB. We are likewise not implying that he
is innocent. His guilt or innocence is a matter to be determined at the
subsequent review of our decision in CA (Conviction). As indicated at [48]
above, we are of the view that the proper course of action at the present
stage is to remit the matter to the Judge for him to receive evidence from Dr
Sarkar in relation to the IMH Report as well as such other evidence on matters
arising from this report as the Judge may allow either party to adduce. The
Judge is then to make findings on:

(a) whether the Applicant was suffering from PTSD;

(b) the typical effects of PTSD on a sufferer;

(c) if the Applicant was indeed suffering from PTSD:

(i) the period of time during which PTSD affected him;

(ii) the effects of PTSD on him during that period; and

(iii) the extent to which PTSD affected him when he gave his statements to the
CNB.

51 After the Judge has made his findings on the issues stated above, there
shall be a further hearing where this court will review its decision in CA
(Conviction). At that hearing, the parties are to address us on the
correctness of the Judge’s findings on the aforesaid issues and their
implications on our decision in CA (Conviction).

52 At this juncture, we wish to highlight this court’s ruling in Public
Prosecutor v Chum Tat Suan and another [2015] 1 SLR 834 (“Chum Tat Suan”) that
an accused person is required to adduce all relevant evidence, whether
pertaining to conviction or sentence, at the trial itself, and that no drip-
feeding of evidence will be allowed. This particular ruling does not apply to
the Applicant since the judgment in Chum Tat Suan was delivered only after his
trial in the High Court had ended. In any event, even if this ruling were
applicable to the Applicant, we have already stated earlier (at [26] above)
that there has not been any intentional drip-feeding of evidence on the
Applicant’s part.

Closing observations

53 We conclude with some observations on the principle of finality of
proceedings. In Kho Jabing, this court recognised the importance of upholding
the principle of finality. Thus, although we acknowledged “[t]he importance of
truth in the criminal process” (at [46]), we also cautioned as follows (at
[47]):

That said, this does not mean that society should stand paralysed with
indecision, or that every legal finding must be open to continual challenge
because of perpetual anxiety over the possibility of an error. The perfect, as
they say, cannot be allowed to be the enemy of the good. Finality is also a
function of justice. It would be impossible to have a functioning legal system
if all legal decisions were open to constant and unceasing challenge, like so
many tentative commas appended to the end of an unending sentence. Indeed, in
the criminal context, challenges to legal decisions are very likely (and are
also likely to be continuous and even interminable), given the inherently
severe nature of criminal sanctions and the concomitant desire on the part of
accused persons to avoid them as far as they can. The concern here is not just
with the saving of valuable judicial resources (vital though that is), but
also with the integrity of the judicial process itself. Nothing can be as
corrosive of general confidence in the criminal process as an entrenched
culture of self-doubt engendered by abusive and repetitive attempts to re-
litigate matters which have already been decided. [emphasis added]

54 In order to “better vindicate the importance of the principle of finality”,
this court set a high standard in Kho Jabing for its power of review to be
invoked so as to ensure that reviews of concluded criminal appeals would be
allowed “only in truly exceptional cases” (at [65]).

55 The Present Motion is, in our view, such a “truly exceptional” case because
of the unique turn of events. It is entirely fortuitous that the IMH Report –
issued only at the sentencing stage and emanating from the Prosecution’s
request for a psychiatric report – has raised a matter which has a crucial
bearing on our decision in CA (Conviction). In future, an accused person who
seeks a review of a concluded criminal appeal which was decided against him
should not expect that a diagnosis that he was suffering from PTSD (or any
other psychiatric condition), whether at the time of the offence and/or at the
time he gave his statements to the investigating authorities, will
automatically entitle him to a review. Much will depend on the actual
evidence, as well as the facts and circumstances of each case. As the majority
of this court stated in Harven a/l Segar v Public Prosecutor [2017] 1 SLR 771
at [2], “[a] factor which is considered to be critical in one case may not be
so in another”. Thus, if a case identical or similar to the Present Motion
should arise in future, whether or not this court will adopt the same stance
as that which we have taken here will turn on whether the test laid down in
Kho Jabing has been satisfied.

Chao Hick Tin Andrew Phang Boon Leong Tay Yong Kwang  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Eugene Singarajah Thuraisingam and Suang Wijaya (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for
the applicant;  
Ng Cheng Thiam and Chin Jincheng (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

