Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 321

Originating Summons No 975 of 2017

(Summons No 4276 of 2017)

Between

Bintai Kindenko Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Samsung C&T Corp  
---  
  
… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Building and Construction Law] — [Dispute resolution] — [Adjudication] —
[Setting aside adjudication determination]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Bintai Kindenko Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Samsung C&T Corp

  

[2017] SGHC 321

High Court — Originating Summons No 975 of 2017 (Summons No 4276 of 2017)  
Foo Chee Hock JC  
14 November 2017

19 December 2017

Foo Chee Hock JC:

1 Summons No 4276 of 2017 was an application to set aside the adjudication
determination dated 15 August 2017 (“Adjudication Determination”) made by the
adjudicator (“Adjudicator”) under the Building and Construction Industry
Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Zhang’s affidavit dated 18 Sep 2017 (“Zhang’s affidavit”) at pp 18–36.

The party applying to set aside the Adjudication Determination was Samsung C&T
Corp (“Samsung”), the main contractor for alteration and addition works at the
Suntec City Convention Centre and retail podium. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Zhang’s affidavit at para 6.

Samsung was the respondent in the present Originating Summons No 975 of 2017,
which was commenced by Bintai Kindenko Pte Ltd (“Bintai”) to enforce the
Adjudication Determination. Bintai was engaged by Samsung as subcontractor for
the supply and installation of mechanical, electrical and plumbing works. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Zhang’s affidavit at para 8.

2 On 19 May 2017, Bintai submitted Payment Claim No 59, claiming for
$13,479,366.43 against Samsung. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Zhang’s affidavit at paras 12–14, p 120.

Samsung then submitted Payment Response No 59, stating a negative response
amount of $2,190,963.62 which it claimed was due from Bintai. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Zhang’s affidavit at paras 15–16, p 187.

3 On 7 July 2017, Bintai served its notice of intention to apply for
adjudication and lodged the adjudication application on the same day. In
contrast to the claimed sum of $13,479,366.43 in Payment Claim No 59, in its
adjudication application, Bintai only claimed for the release of the first
half of the retention monies under the subcontract, the amount being
$2,146,250. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Zhang’s affidavit at para 21.

4 In the adjudication proceedings, both parties dealt with two particular
issues in their written submissions: backcharges for scaffolding and variation
works. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Zhang’s affidavit at pp 1631, 1643, 1682–1683, 1706.

It was apparent that the negative response of $2,190,963.62 submitted by
Samsung was a figure reached only by taking into consideration the two issues
of backcharges and variation works. This was evinced by Bintai’s own
submissions for the adjudication application dated 7 July 2017 at [17] where
Bintai set out the differences in the parties’ positions in tabular form. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Zhang’s affidavit at p 1630.

At [18] of the same set of submissions, Bintai summarised “the issues in
dispute” in the following table: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Zhang’s affidavit at p 1631.

No| Description| [Payment Claim No] 59 ($)| [Payment Response No] 59 ($)|
Difference ($)  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| Retention| (2,146,250.00)| (4,292,000.00)| 2,146,250.00  
2| Backcharges| -| (585,252.20)| 585,252.20  
3| Variation works certified and paid in earlier payment responses, now
reversed in [Payment Response No] 59| -| \- [sic]| 1,605,711.42  
  
5 At the oral conference on 25 July 2017, the Adjudicator heard the
submissions made by the respective counsel for Samsung and Bintai. All the
issues highlighted in the written submissions were presented before the
Adjudicator. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Zhang’s affidavit at para 30; Bintai’s Written Submissions at para 10.

Before me, Mr Kelvin Aw, lead counsel for Samsung, confirmed that no one had
intimated to the Adjudicator that the Adjudication Determination should only
be limited to the issue of the retention monies. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Notes of Proceedings dated 14 Nov 2017 (“NE”), p 2.

6 The Adjudication Determination was rendered on 15 August 2017. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Zhang’s affidavit at p 18.

The Adjudicator determined that Samsung was to pay Bintai the first half of
the retention monies, which amounted to $2,146,250. However, the two issues of
backcharges and variation works were not dealt with. Instead, the Adjudicator
stated expressly at [50] of the Adjudication Determination (and in similar
terms at [28]) that the dispute “centered solely on the release of the first
retention monies, and not the variations or backcharges”.

7 Mr Aw confirmed that the sole ground for making the present application to
set aside the Adjudication Determination was that the Adjudicator had not
considered the two issues of backcharges and variation works in his
Adjudication Determination and that this amounted to a breach of natural
justice. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE, p 2.

8 At the end of the hearing, I agreed with Mr Aw that the Adjudicator had not
considered these two issues. Mr Chong Kuan Keong, who represented Bintai,
submitted that the Adjudicator did in fact have regard to the issues of
backcharges and variations in his Adjudication Determination. At [32] of
Bintai’s Written Submissions, Bintai quoted paragraphs 16, 20, 22 and 50 of
the Adjudication Determination.

9 The relevant portions of the Adjudication Determination read:

[16] In the Payment Response, the Respondent certified the nett value of the
completed works at $89,130,698-77, after deduction of a backcharge of
$585,252-20 and retention of $4,292,500-00 … This gives rise to the negative
response of ($2,190,963-62) after deducting $91,321,662-39 for the amounts
previously certified …

[20] The adjudication application consists of nine (9) arch-lever files
including written submissions.

[22] On 17 July 2017, the Respondent lodged its adjudication response. It
consists of two (2) arch-lever files also including written submissions.

10 Bintai’s conclusion was that these paragraphs “must mean and be read to
mean the Adjudicator has considered the issues – amount certified as work done
which includes the value of revised [variation orders], and back charges of
$585,252-20 – raised by the Respondents.” 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Bintai’s Written Submissions at para 32.1.

I did not accept this submission. The paragraph references that I have
reproduced at [9] above were preliminary remarks about the adjudication
proceedings that were inconsequential to the argument Bintai was making. There
was also nothing to Bintai’s reference to paragraph 50 of the Adjudication
Determination; on the contrary, the same paragraph made it abundantly clear
what the Adjudicator’s mind was directed to.

11 The tenor of the Adjudication Determination was also revealing. It should
be noted that the Adjudicator had carefully set out the reasons for his
decision to release the first half of the retention monies to Bintai in
considerable detail; in contrast, he did not substantively address or make a
finding on the backcharges and variations in the entire Adjudication
Determination. Having in view the Adjudicator’s express statements of his
intent in paragraphs 28 and 50 of the Adjudication Determination, it seemed
inconceivable on an objective analysis that he had considered and rejected the
two issues of backcharges and variation works. I was also mindful of Bintai’s
reliance on Vinodh Coomaraswamy J’s holding in Metropole Pte Ltd v Designshop
Pte Ltd [2017] 4 SLR 277 (“Metropole”) at [112] that there was no need for an
adjudicator to expressly set out all the findings that he had made. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Bintai’s Written Submissions at para 17.3.

However, this holding must be read in context. Coomaraswamy J was referring to
a finding that, even if not expressly stated, was nevertheless “implicit
beyond doubt” in the adjudicator’s determination (see Metropole at [112]).

12 This leads me to another of Mr Chong’s submissions. Mr Chong tried to
persuade me that the Adjudicator had “impliedly” made findings that the issues
of backcharges and variation works “were dismissed or were not determinative
of his decision on the release of retention monies”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NE, p 1.

As alluded to at [11] above, I had found that this could not be so.
Furthermore, an issue would be implicitly resolved if its outcome flowed from
the conclusion of a specific logically prior issue (for instance, it would
follow from a finding that there was no duty of care that there could be no
breach of that duty of care): see TMM Division Maritima SA de CV v Pacific
Richfield Marine Pte Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 972 (“TMM Division”) at [77]. But the
entitlement to the retention monies as analysed by the Adjudicator 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Zhang’s affidavit at pp 30–35.

was not a logically prior issue that would implicitly resolve the other two
issues or render them moot; the only effect was that the different amounts for
the three issues had to be taken into account in the final outcome. There was
no basis to infer that the Adjudicator had made the implied findings Mr Chong
argued for.

13 Mr Chong went on to submit that the Adjudicator was “entitled to say that
the backcharges/variations could be considered in the second half of the
retention monies or when Bintai makes a claim for the variation works”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE, p 1.

But neither party had raised the issue of the “second half of the retention
monies” in the adjudication proceedings. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE, p 2.

Nor had the Adjudicator asked the parties to address the point. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NE, p 2.

While there was explicit reference to the second half of the retention monies
at [80] of the Adjudication Determination, that related to a wholly different
context: the compensation for any loss stemming from the making of unapproved
penetrations in the brick walls. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Zhang’s affidavit at p 35.

14 The upshot of the above was that the Adjudicator had not considered the two
issues of backcharges and variation works. He made a deliberate decision not
to deal with these issues.

15 Was the Adjudicator’s decision not to consider these issues a breach of
natural justice? Bintai submitted that it was not. Bintai’s argument was that
this decision concerned the merits of the dispute, and that even if the
Adjudicator had made an error, this court should not interfere and the
Adjudication Determination should not be set aside. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE, p 3; Bintai’s Written Submissions at para 36.

That there should not be a review of the merits of the adjudicator’s
determination was incontrovertible: see SEF Construction Pte Ltd v Skoy
Connected Pte Ltd [2010] 1 SLR 733 (“SEF Construction”) at [41]–[42] and Lee
Wee Lick Terence (alias Li Weili Terence) v Chua Say Eng (formerly trading as
Weng Fatt Construction Engineering) and another appeal [2013] 1 SLR 401 at
[66].

16 In support of its position, Bintai cited Brookhollow Pty Ltd v R&R
Consultants Pty Ltd & Anor [2006] NSWSC 1 (“Brookhollow”) at [57]–[58] (which
was relied upon in SEF Construction at [59]): 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Bintai’s Written Submissions at para 24.

[57] … Where both claimant and respondent participate in an adjudication and
issues are joined in the parties’ submissions, the failure by an adjudicator
to mention in the reasons for determination a critical issue (as distinct from
a subsidiary or non-determinative issue) may give rise to the inference that
the adjudicator has overlooked it and that he or she has therefore failed to
give consideration to the parties’ submissions … Even so, the adjudicator’s
oversight might not be fatal to the validity of the determination: what must
appear is that the adjudicator’s oversight results from a failure overall to
address in good faith the issues raised by the parties.

[58] … If the adjudicator has dealt carefully in the reasons with most of
those issues, it might well be a possibility that he or she has erroneously,
but in good faith, omitted to deal with another major issue because he or she
did not believe it to be determinative of the result. Error in identifying or
addressing issues, as distinct from lack of good faith in attempting to do so,
is not a ground of invalidity of the adjudication determination. [emphasis
added]

17 However, Bintai omitted the following statement from the first part of [58]
of Brookhollow:

[58] In some cases, it may be possible to say that the issue overlooked was of
such major consequence and so much to the forefront of the parties’
submissions that no adjudicator attempting to address the issues in good faith
could conceivably have regarded it as requiring no specific examination in the
reasons for determination. …

[emphasis added]

18 In my view, this was one such case. As Samsung showed, the two issues of
backcharges and variation works had been flagged out repeatedly in the
parties’ submissions to the Adjudicator as important issues in dispute. They
were also issues of major consequence. The sum of the backcharges and the
disputed adjustments to payment for the variation works amounted to
$2,190,963.62, which was greater than Bintai’s claim in the adjudication
proceedings of $2,146,250. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Samsung’s Written Submissions at paras 107–108.

19 The courts had consistently affirmed the position that natural justice
required the essential issues to be dealt with, not that every argument
canvassed had to be addressed: see TMM Division at [73]; AKN and another v ALC
and others and other appeals [2015] 3 SLR 488 (“AKN v ALC”) at [46] (that the
failure to consider an “important issue that has been pleaded” was a breach of
natural justice). In AKN v ALC, the Court of Appeal drew an “important
distinction between, on the one hand, an arbitral tribunal’s decision to
reject an argument (whether implicitly or otherwise, whether rightly or
wrongly, and whether or not as a result of its failure to comprehend the
argument and so to appreciate its merits), and, on the other hand, the
arbitral tribunal’s failure to even consider that argument” (at [47]).

20 The Court of Appeal in AKN v ALC also raised the case of Front Row
Investment Holdings (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Daimler South East Asia Pte Ltd
[2010] SGHC 80 (“Front Row”) as a useful demonstration of the latter
situation: see AKN v ALC at [46]. In Front Row, Front Row Investment Holdings
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Front Row”) and Daimler South East Asia Pte Ltd
(“Daimler”) had entered into an agreement to organise a series of races. A
dispute arose and Daimler commenced arbitration against Front Row. Front Row
mounted a counterclaim for misrepresentation. Its pleaded case included
purported representations by Daimler that 20 races would be organised and that
the cars to be used in these races were appropriate for racing or competitive
events. The arbitrator, while under the misapprehension that Front Row was
only pursuing its case on the representation relating to the race-worthiness
of the cars and had abandoned its arguments on the other representations,
found that there was no misrepresentation.

21 Andrew Ang J held at [45]–[46] of Front Row that the ineluctable conclusion
to be drawn from the arbitrator’s explicit disregard for the other
representations that Front Row had continued to rely on was that the
arbitrator had failed to accord Front Row natural justice. He was of the view
that Front Row “was not a case where [the arbitrator] had had regard to Front
Row’s submissions on the issue but accidentally omitted to state his reasons
for rejecting the same or had found the same to be so unconvincing as to
render it unnecessary to explicitly state his findings on it …”.

22 The same analysis applied to the Adjudicator’s decision to explicitly
circumscribe the issue to be determined to just the “first retention monies”.
This was, in substance and effect, a decision to exclude the two issues of
backcharges and variation works from his scope of consideration, as opposed to
a decision to reject these arguments (see AKN v ALC at [47]). The Adjudicator
had thereby failed to accord natural justice to Samsung. For completeness,
although AKN v ALC, TMM Division and Front Row were arbitration cases, the
principles on natural justice espoused in these cases applied equally to
adjudication determinations: see TMM Division at [76].

23 Finally, the Adjudicator’s breach of natural justice was material and
caused Samsung prejudice. The requirement of materiality was recently endorsed
in Metropole at [63] in the context of the setting aside of adjudication
determinations. The test of materiality was whether the breach “could
reasonably have made a difference … rather than whether it would necessarily
have done so”: see L W Infrastructure Pte Ltd v Lim Chin San Contractors Pte
Ltd and another appeal [2013] 1 SLR 125 (“L W Infrastructure”) at [54].
Similarly, Lee Seiu Kin J in Aik Heng Contracts and Services Pte Ltd v Deshin
Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd [2015] SGHC 293 at [26], which case was
referred to in Metropole at [63], positively cited Watpac Constructions v
Austin Corp [2010] NSWSC 168 for the proposition that a material breach of
natural justice required something which otherwise “might have had some
prospect of changing the adjudicator’s mind on the point” [emphasis omitted].
In my view, a proper consideration of the two issues of backcharges and
variation works certainly could have changed the Adjudicator’s mind as to the
final outcome, since the sum disputed in relation to these two issues amounted
to $2,190,963.62, which exceeded Bintai’s claim in the adjudication of
$2,146,250. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Samsung’s Written Submissions at paras 107–108.

There was therefore real and serious prejudice occasioned to Samsung (see L W
Infrastructure at [54]; Metropole at [62] and [66]).

24 For the foregoing reasons, I allowed Samsung’s application to set aside the
Adjudication Determination, with costs fixed at $10,000 (all-inclusive) to be
paid by Bintai to Samsung.

Foo Chee Hock  
Judicial Commissioner

Chong Kuan Keong and Ernest Sia (Chong Chia & Lim LLC) for the applicant in OS
975/2017;  
Kelvin Aw, Leonard Chew and Eugene Lee (Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC) for the
respondent in OS 975/2017.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

