Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHCF 6

Divorce Transfer No 676 of 2013

Between

TYY  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

TYZ  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TYY

  
v

  

TYZ

  

[2017] SGHCF 6

High Court — Divorce Transfer No 676 of 2013  
Foo Tuat Yien JC  
27 April, 29 July, 20 October 2016; 21 November 2016

13 March 2017

Foo Tuat Yien JC:

Introduction

1 This grounds of decision deals with the division of matrimonial assets under
Part X of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“WC”). The parties have
two sons aged 25 and 21.

2 On 21 November 2016, I made the following orders for the division of the
parties’ matrimonial assets:

(a) The parties’ shares in the matrimonial assets of $8,771,414, upon
division, were 62% for the Plaintiff Wife (“the Wife”) and 38% for the
Defendant Husband (“the Husband”), as reflected in the following table:

| Husband| Wife  
---|---|---  
Percentage share of matrimonial assets| 38%| 62%  
Total| $3,333,137| $5,438,276  
  
(b) The Wife wanted to take over the Husband’s estate title and interest in
their matrimonial home (worth $4,650,000) held in the parties’ joint names.
After deducting the value of the assets in the Husband’s sole name ($608,229)
from his share of the matrimonial assets as reflected above, I ordered that
the Husband was to transfer his estate title and interest in the matrimonial
home to the Wife upon her paying him 58.6% of the matrimonial home’s value
(ie, $2,724,908.00) within 4 months of the date of my order and after
deducting therefrom the principal and accrued interest to be refunded to the
Husband’s CPF account with the CPF board.

(c) Parties were to keep the assets in his/her sole name.

3 The Wife has appealed against my orders on the division of matrimonial
assets as stated above at [2(a)] and [2(b)]. There is no appeal against my
order for the maintenance of the sons until completion of their university
studies and my order that there be no maintenance for the Wife. The Wife had
consistently been earning more than the Husband and they had generally kept
finances separate during the marriage. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Wife’s Affidavit dated 12 August 2015 (“WAM2”) at p 3; 2nd Ancillary Matters
Affidavit of Husband dated 16 February 2016 (refiled) (“HAM2”) at p 5.

I apportioned the parties’ agreed maintenance sum for their adult sons based
broadly on the parties’ income ratio. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Minute sheet dated 29 July 2016 at p 2.

4 I now set out my reasons for the two orders on the division of matrimonial
assets that are the subject of the Wife’s appeal.

Background facts

5 As at 6 October 2016, the Husband is a 57 year-old architect with his own
sole proprietorship practice. The Wife is 54 years old and was a Vice
President at the Singapore office of a multi-national company. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Updated Joint Summary of Relevant Information dated 6 October 2016 (“JSRI”) at
p 2; Affidavit of Assets and Means of Wife dated 12 August 2015 (“WAM1”) at p
4.

6 The parties married in Singapore on 3 June 1989. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Particulars (Amendment No. 1) (“SOP(1)”) at para 1.01.

They have, since end-2007, been living in separate rooms. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOP(1) at para 1.10.

On 3 February 2013, the Wife initiated divorce on two grounds: unreasonable
behaviour and four years of separation. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of Claim for Divorce dated 3 February 2013 at p 3.

Interim Judgment (“IJ”) was granted over a year later on 20 May 2014 on the
day of the contested divorce hearing, when the parties proceeded by consent on
the ground of four years of separation based on an amended statement of
particulars (“the amended SOP”). The Husband had, up till then, resisted the
divorce.

7 I go into some detail into the history of the marriage as that is essential
to understand this case. As at the date of the IJ, this was a marriage of 24
years. While the parties lived in separate rooms from end-2007, they continued
to stay under one roof for the sake of their sons. In 2007, the sons were 15
years and 12 years old. There were issues with the marriage in its early days.

8 Following the marriage on 3 June 1989, it was contemplated that the Wife’s
mother would sell to the parties a landed residential property that was
purchased by the Wife’s father in the 1940s. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

WAM1 at p 15.

During the negotiations, a draft deed was prepared and contained the
following: a) a provision that if the parties were to separate or divorce
within three years, the property was to be transferred back to the Wife’s
mother for the same consideration as the proposed sale price of $250,000, and
b) a term that the parties would not be able to sell the property within five
years without the consent of the Wife’s mother. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

HAM2 at p 32; 2nd Ancillary Matters Affidavit of Husband dated 4 August 2015
(“HAM2-exhbits”) at p 1909.

The Husband said that he had disagreed with the terms and did not sign the
deed. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

HAM2 at p 32.

9 On 31 August 1990, the parties completed the purchase of the matrimonial
home from the Wife’s mother for a stated price of about $320,000. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

HAM2 at p 32; HAM2-exhibits at p 1913.

The Husband, as an architect, oversaw the renovations to the matrimonial home
in 1991. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Affidavit of Assets & Means of Husband Dated 15 October 2014 (“HAM1”) at p 11.

10 In June 1991, the Husband purchased (through an initial deposit and
instalments) a country club membership with a loan from the Wife disbursed
from their joint bank account. The parties agreed that the loan was repaid by
the Husband, but they could not agree on the amount of the loan. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Minute sheet dated 27 April 2016 at pp 3–5.

The last documented part-payment took place on 13 June 2001. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

HAM2-exhibits at p 536.

11 In January 1992, the elder son was born. Around 1993, problems between the
parties started to arise, as indicated by the following events. To begin with,
there was an unfortunate incident between the Husband and the Wife’s mother
during a holiday in Bali which affected the relationship between the Husband
and the Wife’s mother. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

WAM1 at p 16; The Wife’s written submissions for ancillary matters hearing
dated 5 April 2016 (“WWS”) at p 1.

On 22 February 1993, the Husband signed a handwritten note declaring that his
country club membership rightfully belonged to the Wife and would not be sold
without her permission; if sold, the proceeds, which should not be less than
$100,000, were to be returned to her. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

WAM1 at p 86.

A few days later, on 1 March 1993, the Husband signed another handwritten note
stating that if he divorced the Wife, his share in the matrimonial home would
go to her. If she divorced him, his share would not be hers, except on the
ground of violence. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

WAM1 at p 87.

These handwritten notes indicated the issues in the early years of the
parties’ marriage.

12 In November 1994, the Husband set up a home office for his architectural
practice on the ground floor of the matrimonial home. This arrangement lasted
until October 2007, when he moved out of his office. Over time, his staff grew
to about 10 employees. He said this arrangement enabled him to keep an eye on
the sons. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

HAM1 at p 10.

It was not disputed that from 1997, the Wife travelled overseas frequently for
work. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Minute sheet dated 27 April 2016 at p 6; HAM1 at p 10; see also WAM1 at p 17.

The Wife’s position was that the Husband had set up the home office because he
could not afford to pay rent for office premises and not because he had wanted
to keep an eye on the sons. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

WAM2 at p 6

I address this issue below at [50] and [61].

13 In December 1995, when the elder son was around three years old, the
younger son was born. This suggested that the parties’ relationship had
improved. That said, I was also mindful that the amended SOP (and accepted by
the Husband, who was represented) stated that around 1993, he became
increasingly abrasive and bad tempered, and that from 1995 onwards, he made
baseless accusations of infidelity and loose morals against the Wife. He was
also continually hurling vulgarities, obscenities and verbal abuse at her.

14 As stated earlier, the Wife travelled overseas frequently for work from
1997. The Wife took legal advice on commencing divorce proceedings leading to
her then-solicitors sending, on 7 October 1997, a Deed of Separation (“the
DOS”) to the Husband. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

WAM1 at p 91.

The DOS proposed, amongst other things, that the Husband transfer to her the
matrimonial home upon her paying him 30% of its value. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

WAM1 at p 95.

At this time, the elder son was around five years old and the younger son was
almost two years old. In the Wife’s then-solicitor’s letter dated 7 October
1997 (“the solicitor's letter of 1997”), it was stated that the Husband’s
personality change had occurred since he started operating his practice as an
architect from the ground floor of the home (ie, 1994). It was also stated
that he had allowed his career and business to get in the way of his family
life so completely that he spent most of his time cooped up in his home office
to the neglect of the Wife and the family, that he had frequently raised his
voice to abuse the Wife, children and maids, and that he had also refused to
go for counselling leaving the Wife with no alternative but to propose a DOS.
The Wife, at that time, also left the matrimonial home with the sons for a few
weeks to stay at her mother’s house. The Wife returned home after the Husband
had pleaded with her not to proceed and promised to change. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SOP(1) at para 1.05.

15 The Wife also said that the Husband had habitually scolded many of the
maids that they employed, which resulted in many of them asking to leave
before their contracts expired, thereby causing great disruption to the Wife’s
and the sons’ living arrangements. This caused her great anxiety and distress
especially as she “had to travel frequently on work-assignments and leave the
children at home with the maid”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

WAM1 at pp 16–17.

16 It is relevant to note here that the Husband had in his affidavit denied
the Wife’s allegation of such behaviour. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

HAM2 at p 18.

But the affidavits made by the sons when they were 23 and 19 years old showed
that the Husband was not a patient man and that they had preferred to minimise
their interactions with him during their growing years because of his
temperament.

17 That said, it must also be noted that this living arrangement continued
after 1997 until 2007. The Husband operated from his home office and the Wife
continued to travel frequently as part of her job. This was an arrangement
that parties appeared to have acquiesced to for mutual and family benefit, as
I elaborate on below at [50].

18 The Husband said that from 2002 to 2004, he began to travel overseas
because he had to undertake overseas work and projects in Vietnam due to a
lack of work in Singapore. The children would have been around ten and seven
years old in 2002, and around 12 and nine in 2004. He travelled three to four
days fortnightly but was mostly in Singapore from 2009 onwards. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

HAM2 at p 15.

19 In 2007, the Wife again took legal advice on divorce. She agreed not to
proceed after the Husband had asked her to wait until the younger son (who was
then around 12 years old) turned 16 years old (in 2011). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

SOP(1) at para 1.06.

It was not in dispute that the parties lived in separate rooms from the end of
2007.

20 Around 2008/2009, the Wife was retrenched and unemployed for four to five
months. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

HAM2 at p 33; HAM1 at p 11.

At the Husband’s suggestion, the parties decided to renovate the matrimonial
home and create additional rooms to be rented out for income for their son’s
education. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

HAM1 at p 11; HAM2 at p 33; WAM1 at p 14.

The Husband also oversaw these major renovations in 2009. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

HAM1 at p 11.

Each party contributed some monies into a joint account set aside for this
purpose. They also agreed to deposit the rental income into the joint account
to use for their sons’ education. It was later also agreed that these rental
monies in the joint account were not to be included in the matrimonial pool
for division. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Joint Summary of Direct Financial Contributions dated 27 October 2016
(“JSDFC”) at p 3.

This showed the parties’ overriding concern and care for their sons and their
ability to overcome their differences in their sons’ interests. The
renovations were completed in late 2009 and the rooms were rented out
beginning late 2009 through mid- 2013, when there was a break before rentals
resumed again in 2014. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

HAM2 at p 33.

The Husband would have been the main person sourcing for and dealing with the
tenants, till he left the matrimonial home on 20 May 2014 (the date of IJ).

21 It is to be noted that in late 2008 to January 2010, the Wife bought
interests in four properties (or interest in properties) as indicated in the
following table:

Property| Date of purchase  
---|---  
M. Terrace property| October 2008 32

##### Foot Note 32

× WAM2 at p 93.  
S. Road property| August 2009 33

##### Foot Note 33

× WAM2 at p 86.  
10% interest in A. Gardens property| October 2009 34

##### Foot Note 34

× WAM2 at pp 100 and 104-105.  
20% interest in RC. Road property| January 2010 35

##### Foot Note 35

× WAM2 at pp 109 and 111-112.  
  
22 The Wife filed for divorce on 3 February 2013 (when the sons were 22 years
and 18 years old). The IJ, as stated earlier, was granted on 20 May 2014 over
a year later and on the day of the contested divorce hearing, on the ground of
four years of separation. The Husband moved out of the matrimonial home on
that same day. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

HAM2 at p 25.

This was a case, where despite staying in separate bedrooms from end-2007,
parties remained under one roof and worked together to make major renovations
to the matrimonial home, rent the additional created rooms and use the rental
monies for the education and benefit of their sons. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AUA v ATZ [2016] 4 SLR 654.

The marriage still existed in a meaningful sense as the actions of parties in
relation to the assets and their care of their sons were done during the
subsistence of the marriage and should therefore be taken into account in the
division of assets.

My decision

23 At stated above at [3], the Wife has appealed only against the two orders
that I made in relation to the division of matrimonial assets.

24 Counsel for the Wife submitted that the Wife should be granted a 70% share
of the matrimonial home, with no orders made as to other matrimonial assets.
Counsel for the Husband submitted that shares in the matrimonial home should
be divided equally, ie, 50% each, and that a fair division of the other
matrimonial assets should be made. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

JSRI at pp 5–6.

Bearing in mind the circumstances and the length of the marriage, I took a
global approach.

25 After considering the parties’ submissions and the facts, I ordered that
the matrimonial pool of assets be divided in the ratio of 62:38 in the Wife’s
favour. I elaborate on my reasons below in the following order. I begin with
my determination and calculation of the value of the matrimonial pool of
assets. I then address issues relating to the division of the matrimonial pool
of assets. In so doing I was guided by the approach laid down by the Court of
Appeal in ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043, which described the approach at [22] as
follows:

…the court could first ascribe a ratio that represents each party’s direct
contributions relative to that of the other party, having regard to the amount
of financial contribution each party has made towards the acquisition or
improvement of the matrimonial assets. Next, to give credit to both parties’
indirect contribution throughout the marriage … the court should proceed to
ascribe a second ratio to represent each party’s indirect contribution to the
well-being of the family relative to that of the other. Using each party’s
respective direct and indirect percentage contributions, the court then
derives each party’s average percentage contribution to the family which would
form the basis to divide the matrimonial assets. Further adjustments (to take
into account, inter alia, the other factors enumerated in s 112(2) of the WC)
may need to be made to the parties’ average percentage contributions…

26 Adopting this approach, I first considered issues of direct financial
contribution before considering indirect contributions and then the final
ratio for division.

27 I was mindful that this approach was to be applied in a gender-neutral
manner. In this present case, the Wife has made more direct financial
contribution than the Husband, and the Husband has contributed indirectly to
the family by working from home during their sons’ formative years. Counsel
for the Husband drew my attention to the decision of the Court of Appeal in
BCB v BCC [2013] 2 SLR 324, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

The Husband’s written submissions for ancillary matters hearing dated 5 April
2016 (“HWS”) at p 24.

where Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA stated at [34] that:

… whilst rare, our courts have dealt with situations where the wife has
provided more direct financial contributions than the husband. Most
importantly, for the purposes of the present appeal, the courts have applied
the same principles as when they have had to divide assets where it was the
husband who had provided more direct financial contributions, viz, that
regardless of who had provided more direct financial contributions, the court
is to consider all the direct as well as indirect contributions furnished by
both parties to the marriage in a broad-brush fashion …

[emphasis in original]

28 This principle of gender-neutrality in the division of matrimonial assets
was well-illustrated in BCB v BCC itself. In that case, the ratio of direct
financial contribution of the parties to the matrimonial pool of assets
(excluding assets in the parties’ own names, which the High Court Judge found
appropriate to exclude) was found to be 34.9:65.1 in the wife’s favour. The
High Court Judge then awarded an additional 5% to the wife for indirect
contributions, ie, a final division ratio of 29.9:70.1 in the wife’s favour
(see BCB v BCC at [5]–[6]).

29 This division of matrimonial assets was changed on appeal. The Court of
Appeal reasoned as follows (at [35]):

…we have, with respect, difficulty with the decision rendered in the court
below in the present case. It would perhaps be easier to illustrate why we
have this difficulty by considering a hypothetical fact situation which
constitutes a variation on the facts of the present case. If, for argument’s
sake, we reverse the genders of the parties in the present case, but leave all
other facts as they are, these would be the facts: The wife – after 15 years
of marriage in which she and her husband had both worked and contributed to
the marriage, both directly and indirectly – receives 30% of the matrimonial
assets, whilst the husband receives 70% of the said assets (as was the
decision in this case). Such a division finds no precedent in the absence of
exceptional factors. It is pertinent to observe that the court would, in all
likelihood (and in accordance with the established precedents), have varied
the division upwards in favour of the wife in this particular hypothetical
fact situation. Accordingly, simply because the facts of the present case are
slightly different in so far as it is the wife (instead of the husband) who
has contributed more direct financial contributions to the assets does not
mean that the same principles of division should not apply in the present
case.

[emphasis in original]

30 In essence, the Court of Appeal ruled that factually comparable precedents
were also applicable even if the genders of the parties were reversed. In
applying the principle of gender neutrality, the Court of Appeal also made it
clear at [12] that a husband’s indirect contributions (like the wife’s) “must
be taken fully into account”; for “[i]t is not simply one or the other
spouse’s indirect contributions that must be given their full value; both
spouses’ indirect contributions must be taken fully into account when the
court concerned is exercising its discretion pursuant to s 112.” [emphasis in
original].

31 After taking into account prior cases and the husband’s indirect financial
contribution in BCB v BCC, the Court of Appeal proceeded to divide the
matrimonial assets in the ratio of 40:60 (husband:wife) instead of 30:70
(husband:wife)(at [37]–[38] and [40]).

32 Although the decision in BCB v BCC pre-dated the decision in ANJ v ANK, the
principle of gender-neutrality in the division of matrimonial assets must
surely apply to the approach espoused in ANJ v ANK as well.

The matrimonial pool

33 The value of the assets in the matrimonial pool amounted to a total of
$8,771,414, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

JSDFC at p 3.

and consisted of the matrimonial home and other assets which were held in the
parties’ own names. I declined to deduct from the matrimonial pool the Wife’s
two alleged liabilities that amounted to $420,000 as at May 2014 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

WAM1 at p 13.

for lack of evidence. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Minute sheet dated 29 July 2016 at p 8.

I elaborate on my reasons as follows.

34 First, the Wife claimed that she owed $150,000 to a company in which she
held 25% of the shares. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

WAM1 at p 13.

The company ran a restaurant until August 2014, when it ceased operations
(“the Japanese Restaurant Company”). 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Affidavit (AM3) of Wife dated 18 December 2015 (“WAM3”) at p 1.

The unaudited financial statements for the Japanese Restaurant Company for the
year ending 30 September 2014 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

WAM3 at pp 4–23.

did not record any such debt owed to it. A letter from the Japanese Restaurant
Company to its shareholders dated 30 March 2014 requesting the Wife to remit
$100,000 was exhibited. However, bearing in mind that a) the request was
merely one for shareholders to top-up cash for the company (as opposed to
stating that the Wife owed such an amount), b) that the shares in the company
were now described by the Wife as “worthless”, 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

WAM3 at p 1.

and c) the discrepancy in quantum ($100,000 as opposed to $150,000), I did not
accept that the Wife had proved her claim.

35 Second, the Wife alleged that she owed $270,000 to her mother. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

WAM1 at p 13.

No satisfactory evidence was adduced in support. Given the lack of clarity and
absence of evidence, I declined to accept this alleged liability. The Wife had
been a successful career woman for many years with substantial accumulated
assets. One would have expected the Wife to have repaid such a loan, if any,
much earlier, in the light of her mother’s advanced age of 90 years (as of 5
August 2015, which is the filing date of the Wife’s affidavit of assets and
means). 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

WAM1 at p 12.

Direct contributions

36 The parties were in agreement on their financial contribution to the
purchase of the matrimonial home. However, they disputed their respective
contributions to two renovations of the matrimonial home in 1991 (“the 1991
Renovations”) and 2009 (“the 2009 Renovations”) respectively; the latter is
the same renovation as the one referred to above at [20].

37 The contributions of the parties to the matrimonial home, based on the
parties’ agreement and findings from the Court on the disputed items relating
to the 1991 and 2009 renovations (which are elaborated on below at [39]–[
48]), were as follows: 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

JSDFC at p 1.

| Wife| Husband  
---|---|---  
Purchase of matrimonial home| $281,462.00| $141,739.31  
The 1991 Renovations| $60,000.00| $35,000.00  
The 2009 Renovations| $57,402.66| $59,652.58  
Total| $398,864.66| $236,391.89  
Percentage| 62.8%| 37.2%  
Share of current valuation of $4.65 million| $2,920,200.00| $1,729,800.00  
  
The parties also held assets in their sole names. They agreed that they did
not contribute to the acquisition of the assets that were held in the other
party’s sole name (save for the dispute over the Husband’s purchase of the
country club membership, which has since been resolved as noted above at
[10]). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Minute sheet dated 27 April 2016 at p 2.

These assets were as follows: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

JSDFC at pp 1–2.

| Assets in the Wife’s name| Assets in the Husband’s name  
---|---|---  
1| Net Equity in S. Road property| $591,652.23| Johor Bahru property|
$111,741.94  
2| Net equity in M. Terrace property| $448,910.00| Car| $32,812.85  
3| Net Equity in 10% share in A. Gardens property| $186,997.40| Insurance|
$18,432.52  
4| Net Equity in 20% share in RC. Road property| $492,192.80| Shares in CDP
account| $ 111,101.00  
5| Insurance| $ 112,975.86| Securities in DBS Vickers account| $70,919.54  
6| Shares| $ 118,842.55| Value of a company| $ 69,000.00  
7| Car| $109,584.00| Share in a partnership| $14,447.20  
8| Bank accounts| $ 1,120,602.42| Investment in a certain business| Nil  
9| CPF | $ 310,827.94| Bank accounts| $ 25,011.10  
10| Country club membership| $ 20,600.00| CPF| $ 133,763.27  
11| Shares in the Japanese Restaurant Company| Nil| Country club membership| $
20,600.00  
12| Value of consulting business| Nil| University graduate club membership|
$400.00  
| Total| $3,513,185.20| | $608,229.42  
  
38 The overall direct contributions of the parties may be calculated as
follows: 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

JSDFC at p 3.

| Wife| Husband  
---|---|---  
Matrimonial home| $2,920,200.00| $1,729,800.00  
Other assets held in parties’ sole names| $3,513,185.20| $608,229.42  
Total| $6,433,385.20| $2,338,029.42  
Percentage | 73.3%| 26.7%  
  
39 I will now elaborate on the disputed items, viz, the contributions for the
1991 Renovations and the 2009 Renovations.

The 1991 Renovations

40 Two matters were disputed in relation to the 1991 Renovations. First, the
parties could not agree on the source of funds for an agreed loan of $70,000
used for the 1991 Renovation. According to the Husband, the parties jointly
took out a bank loan of $70,000. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

HAM1 at p 7.

According to the Wife, the $70,000 was a loan from her mother. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

WAM1 at p 15.

As neither party provided satisfactory evidence on the source of the loan and
who repaid the loans, I directed that the $70,000 be attributed equally to
both parties. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Minute sheet dated 29 July 2016 at p 8.

41 The second dispute related to a $25,000 staff renovation loan that the Wife
had taken in 1991 from her then employer bank. As there was documentary
evidence in the form of a loan agreement and a bank cover letter showing full
disbursement of the loan on 13 February 1991 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

WAM2 at p 199.

to be used expressly for renovation and for repayments to be deducted from the
Wife’s monthly salary, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

WAM2 at p 202.

I attributed this $25,000 as the Wife’s contributions to the 1991 Renovations.
58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Minute sheet dated 29 July 2016 at p 8.

The 2009 Renovations

42 The parties collectively listed 99 items for the 2009 Renovations in a
summary (“the Updated 2009 Renovations Summary”). 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Updated summary of information on 2009 renovations at [matrimonial home] at p
28.

This included furniture, which were not fixtures or fittings, but which
parties wanted to include. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Minute sheet dated 20 October 2016 at p 1.

It was hotly disputed whether these items had been paid for either from their
joint account or solely by each party. Payment for these non-agreed items
(excluding items duplicated or otherwise accounted for through other items)
amounted to $59,630.87.

43 After reviewing the relevant documents (as referred to by the parties in
the Updated 2009 Renovations Summary) and the detailed tables prepared by
counsel for the Husband, I decided on the attribution of payment for the non-
agreed items, where I found them relevant to the renovation.

44 In carrying out the attribution, I bore in mind that the Husband had
overseen the 2009 Renovations. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

HAM1 at p 11.

Where there was only one party claiming to have made payment for certain
items, I attributed payment to that party, after satisfying myself that such
work would have indeed been carried out (or materials purchased). A complete
list of my directions is at the Annex to this grounds. For ease of cross-
reference to the Updated 2009 Renovations Summary, the same serial numbers
have been used.

45 Payments from the joint account were further attributed based on the
parties’ respective contributions to the joint account. The Wife had
contributed $55,000 and the Husband $10,000. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Minute sheet dated 20 October 2016 at p 2.

46 Based on my directions, counsels tabulated each party’s contributions to
the 2009 Renovations. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Minute sheet dated 20 October 2016 at p 3 and 5.

The final agreed calculation was that the Wife and Husband contributed
$57,402.66 and $59,652.58 respectively to the 2009 Renovations. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

JSDFC at p 1.

Conclusion on direct contributions

47 It will be recalled (as indicated at [38]) that I had found that the
parties’ percentage of direct contributions was 73.3% to 26.7% in the Wife’s
favour. I now turn to the parties’ indirect contributions.

Indirect contributions

48 Counsel for the Husband submitted that the ratio of 70:30 in the Husband’s
favour would be appropriate, while counsel for the Wife did not state a
specific ratio for indirect contributions. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

HWS at p 24; WWS.

After careful consideration, I found that the appropriate ratio for the
parties’ indirect contributions was 50:50.

Non-financial contributions

49 First, I took into account the parties’ non-financial contribution to the
welfare of the family, including their roles as caregiver of their sons. Aside
from issues of the Husband’s temperament (which I address below at [53]–[58]),
it was clear that the Husband played an important part in the lives of their
sons when they were very young as he worked from home from November 1994 to
October 2007 (save for fortnightly trips to Vietnam since 2002, when he took
on overseas clients and projects in Vietnam). 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

HAM1 at p 10; HAM2 at p 15.

In 1994, the elder son was two years old and the younger son had yet to be
born. In October 2007, they were 15 and 12 years old.

50 The Wife travelled frequently for her work from 1997. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

HAM1 at p 10; see also WAM1 at p 17.

In 1997, the sons were six and two years old. The Wife sought to downplay the
Husband's role in the care of their sons and would seem, in retrospect, to be
less than happy with him having an office on the ground floor of their
matrimonial home. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

See, eg, WAM2 at p 6.

However, such a working and living arrangement for 13 years could not have
stayed in place save with her agreement or acquiescence. This was not done
unilaterally by the Husband. It will be recalled that the Wife had sought
legal advice on divorce proceedings in 1997. Her solicitor's letter of 1997
referred to the Husband’s work arrangement, stating the Wife’s dissatisfaction
over the Husband’s behaviour after he had started working from home, but did
not claim any dissatisfaction with the work arrangement per se, or that this
work arrangement was unilaterally implemented by the Husband. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

WAM1 at p 91.

The natural inference that I drew was that the Wife had, at the very least,
not objected to the work arrangement. This work arrangement, which enabled the
Husband to keep an eye on their sons, was mutually beneficial as it allowed
the Wife to travel frequently with some peace of mind, as part of her job
commitments from around 1997.

51 As the Husband was the parent on the ground, so to speak, it fell upon him
to also supervise the maid. The Husband detailed how he interviewed and
supervised them. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

HAM2 at pp 10 and 12; see also HAM2-exhibits at pp 1881–1882 (statutory
declarations of two maids).

As the Wife travelled often, her focus was more on how the Husband's habitual
scolding of the maids had led to many of them asking for early termination of
their contracts, which caused great disruption to their living arrangements.
This caused her great anxiety and distress especially as she had to travel
frequently on work assignments and leave the children at home. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

WAM1 at pp 16–17.

52 Although the Wife travelled often as part of her regional work function,
she said that she would try to plan her trips to be back for weekends. This
meant that there must have been a significant amount of time, including
weekends, when she was not around. She said that she always ensured that she
telephoned and spoke to the sons every day and checked on the maids to ensure
that they cooked proper and nutritious food. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

WAM1 at p 14.

I had no doubt that the Wife cared for their sons’ welfare and that she always
did her best within the time and other constraints of her job.

The Husband’s temperament

53 Second, I considered the Husband’s temperament and its effects on his
indirect contributions. The Husband was not a patient man. However, his
temperament must be seen in context. It will be recalled that their
relationship was not of the best in the early days of the marriage. The Wife
travelled frequently and according to the Husband, would sometimes leave
without informing him. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

HAM2 at pp 15 and 19.

He ran an architectural practice (with up to 10 staff) from home from November
1994 to October 2007, whilst keeping an eye on his young sons, supervising the
maid and managing some of the needs of the household. During this time, the
sons grew from infants into a 15 year old teenager and a 12 year old preteen.
This he did not top of his professional work for 13 years. It could not have
been an easy balancing task for him.

54 I also noted the solicitor's letter of 1997 and the account it gave of the
Husband, which is set out in detail above at [14].

55 The accounts given by the Wife and the sons indicated that they found it
difficult to live with the Husband, given his temperament. This I accepted.

56 The sons’ affidavits on their father must also be viewed in context. In
essence, the affidavits spoke in no uncertain terms of the Husband's bad
temper in some of their interactions with him. I bore in mind that the sons
would not have been able to remember or appreciate what their parents,
including their father had done for them, when they were very young.

57 The younger son’s affidavit recounted his perception of an incident where
the Husband had caused his favourite tutor, who was a male, to leave, 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

The younger son’s affidavit dated 18 December 2015 at p 2.

while the elder son’s affidavit stated that the Husband scolded the maids over
the house’s cleanliness and the lack of food for the sons. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

The elder son’s affidavit dated 18 December 2015 (“EAM”) at p 2.

To my mind, if anything, the incident involving the younger son’s tutor
illustrated the Husband's concern for the younger son’s well-being, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

See the Husband’s explanation at HAM4 pp 3–4.

while the issues involving the maids spoke for the Husband's concern in
managing the household. It often behooves a parent on the ground to deal with
a situation, as best as he or she can. It is in retrospect and always with the
benefit of hindsight, that a parent learns to improve. I am satisfied that the
Husband did his best for the sons and family during those years (1994–2007),
when he operated from his home office, whilst taking care of the needs of
their sons and the household.

58 Both sons spoke of the Husband's temperament, their run-ins with him and
why they did not want to go on holidays or outings with him. It was clear,
however, that some parts of their affidavits had been drafted for them.
Although the elder son was a 23 year old undergraduate, when he made his
affidavit in December 2015, he did not bother to correct obvious errors, eg,
when he referred to his father by his first name and when he variously
referred to his mother as “mother” and by her first name. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

EAM at pp 2–3.

This lack of care in signing off on his affidavit indicated perhaps his
reluctance or the lack of weight that he may have attached to his affidavit.

Indirect financial contributions

59 Third, I took into account how the parties had contributed to the household
expenses over the years. Each party paid their individual expenses, and the
Wife was self-supporting. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

HAM2 at p 5.

The Wife claimed that as she was earning more, she paid for most of the
expenses at home, including intermittent periods of the maid's salaries since
September 2013. She paid for almost all the marketing and super marketing,
maintenance of the home, childcare, enrichment classes, tuition classes and
groceries since the sons’ birth. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

WAM1 at pp 13–14; WAM2 at p 5.

She also took out a bank loan of $13,000 to purchase furniture for the
matrimonial home in 1992. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

WAM2 at pp 4 and 204; Minute sheet dated 27 April 2016 at p 5.

60 The Husband also put forth his case on the payments he made. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

HAM1 at pp 8–10.

I accepted that both parties contributed towards the household and sons’
expenses. The Husband earned less than the Wife and did his best. I noted the
Husband’s contribution in overseeing and managing the 1991 and 2009
Renovations of the matrimonial home, which he estimated (and which I
discounted somewhat) saved about $35,000 and $45,000 in consultant fees
respectively for the 1991 and 2009 Renovations. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

HAM1 at p 11

61 The Wife also claimed indirect contribution because of the Husband’s rent-
free occupation of the ground floor of the matrimonial home for his business
(with about ten staff) from November 1994 to October 2007, which she estimated
at more than $500,000 in free rentals and utilities. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

WAM2 at pp 6 and 210.

With due respect, this was an arrangement that benefitted the family because
there was a parent on hand to care for the sons during their formative years
and to supervise the maids. As I have discussed above at [50], the evidence
indicated that the Wife had agreed to or at the very least acquiesced to this
arrangement.

Conclusion on indirect contributions

62 I agreed with the submission of counsel for the Husband that while the
Husband’s current relationship with the sons was not at its best, this did not
negate the fact that he had been a responsible father and provider, to the
best of his ability, for his family, especially during the sons’ younger
years. He contributed both financially and indirectly towards the family and
this enabled the Wife to travel frequently for work and focus on her career
with a peace of mind, thereby allowing her to build up her financial assets.
84

##### Foot Note 84

×

HWS at p 25.

What detracted somewhat from the Husband’s indirect contribution was his
temperament. I therefore attributed, in the round, a 50:50 ratio to the
parties for their indirect contribution.

The final ratio for division

63 Averaging the ratio of the parties’ direct and indirect contributions, I
found that the overall ratio was 61.65:38.35 in favour of the Wife, which I
rounded to 62:38. Having considered the circumstances of this case, I accorded
equal weight to direct and indirect contribution. I was also of the view that
it was not necessary, in the round, to adjust the overall ratio.

64 I rejected the submission by counsel for the Husband that the final ratio
should be adjusted in the Husband’s favour to take into account the Wife’s
rent-free occupation of the matrimonial home from May 2014 to date. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Minute sheet dated 20 October 2016 at p 4; HWS at p 22.

Under s 112(2)(f) of the WC, the Court is to have regard to “any period of
rent-free occupation or other benefit enjoyed by one party in the matrimonial
home to the exclusion of the other party”. This remains a relevant factor
regardless of whether one party was forcibly excluded from the matrimonial
home or not, though the “weight to be placed may be different”: Tan Su Fern v
Lui Hai San alias Lei Haishan [2006] SGDC 159 at [13].

65 The Husband had left the matrimonial home on 20 May 2014, the date the IJ
was granted. This meant that the Wife stayed on in the matrimonial home for
about two years and six months. The Husband stated that he left to “maintain
the peace” following unhappy incidents with the maid, which he claimed were
instigated by the Wife. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

HAM2 at pp 25–27.

The Husband also said that he was locked out of the matrimonial home from
around July 2014, under circumstances which were disputed by the parties. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

See WAM2 at pp 351–352; HAM3 at p 3.

66 These circumstances did not warrant an adjustment of the final ratio in the
Husband’s favour. First, it did not seem to be a case of forcible exclusion.
Secondly, the matrimonial home was used to house not only the Wife but their
sons.

Conclusion

67 At the hearing before me, counsel for the Wife conveyed the Wife’s
intention of keeping the matrimonial home. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Minute sheet dated 21 November 2016 at p 1.

It was also agreed that the value of the matrimonial home was to be fixed at
$4,650,000 for the purpose of distribution of the matrimonial assets in the
overall proportion of 62:38 (Wife: Husband), which I had decided.

68 The Husband’s 38% share of the total matrimonial pool of $8,771,414
entitled him to receive $3,333,137. It had been submitted that each party
wished to keep assets in their own name. The value of the assets in the sole
name of the parties were $608,229 for the Husband and $3,513,185 for the Wife.
I deducted $608,229 (value of the Husband’s assets) from the sum of $3,333,137
to arrive at the figure of $2,724,908.

69 Should the Wife wish to take over the Husband’s estate title and interest
in the matrimonial home, she would have to pay him $2,724,908 or 58.6% of the
agreed value of the matrimonial home at $4,500,000. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

$3,333,137 - $608,229 = $2,724,908.00; Minute sheet dated 21 November 2016 at
pp 1–2.

70 I ordered that each party was to bear their own costs.

Foo Tuat Yien  
Judicial Commissioner

Loo Choon Hiaw (Loo & Chong Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;  
Hui Choon Wai (Wee Swee Teow & Co) for the defendant.

* * *

Annex

Serial Number (as per Updated 2009 Renovations Summary)| Contractor/Work
Item/Purchases| Amount| Court’s decision on attribution  
---|---|---|---  
1| Ban Heng Long (Pole)| $21.40| The Husband  
2| Ker Seng Heng Canvas| $65| The Husband  
5| Lian Seng Hin Trading (tile)| $1,230.33| The Husband  
6| Sim Siang Choon Hardware (S) Pte Ltd (sanitary ware)| $528.48| The Husband  
8| Lian Seng Hin Trading (tile for 2nd kitchen)| $25.42| The Husband  
9| Powergas Ltd (purchase gas plan)| $17.12| The Husband  
13| Ikano Pte Ltd (Rationell Waste, Leg)| $69.00| The Husband  
16| Image M&E Service (sanitary and plumbing)| $12,000| The Husband  
17| Sim Siang Choon Hardware (S) Pte Ltd (Ceramic basin, tap, bath mixer,
shower set)| $585.31| The Husband  
18| SP Services| $5,350| The Husband  
19| Sim Siang Choon Hardware (S) Pte Ltd| $56.83| The Husband  
20| Ikano Pte Ltd (drawer,door)| $437| The Husband  
21| Ikano Pte Ltd (Udden N WII SHL etc)| $529| The Husband  
29| Chan Huat Lighting (S) Pte Ltd (lights)| $1,246.55| The Husband  
30| Lian Seng Hin Trading Co. (Pte) Ltd (wall tiles)| $277.34| The Husband  
35| Sin Soon Aik Paints Pte Ltd (Nippon colour creation)| $134| The Husband  
36| Gastechnic Household Services| $75| The Husband  
39| Lian Seng Hin Trading (tile)| $713.39| The Husband  
41| Sin Soon Aik Paints Pte Ltd| $110| Joint account  
43 | Sin Soon Aik Paints Pte Ltd (Paint)| $45| The Husband  
44| Tai Yong Electric Co. (wall fan)| $810| The Husband  
45| Sin Soon Aik Paints Pte Ltd (Paint)| $65| The Husband  
46| Delta Meissner ET Pte Ltd (lock, door holder, lever holder)| $956.53| The
Husband  
49| Aibi International Pte Ltd (vibrotherapist)| $500| The Husband  
52| Ikano Pte Ltd| $111.80| The Husband  
53| Ikano Pte Ltd (bathroom lights)| $198| The Husband  
54| Chan Huat Lighting (S) Pte Ltd (lights)| $53.50| The Husband  
55| Tai Yong Electric Co. (wall fan)| $135| The Husband  
57| BSH Home Appliances Pte Ltd| $401.40| The Husband  
58| Zener DIY Store (cable tray)| $87.80| The Husband  
59| TP Chew Electrical & Air Con Services (aircon fan coil servicing)| $50|
The Husband  
60| Chan Huat Lighting (S) Pte Ltd| $30| The Husband  
61| LC Lighting Centre Pte Ltd| $80.25| The Husband  
68| TP Chew Electrical & Air Con Services (aircon fan coil serviced with
chemical)| $50| The Husband  
69| TP Chew Electrical & Air Con Services| $50| The Husband  
71| Power Gas| $16.65| The Husband  
72| Ikano Pte Ltd (drawer, shelf, loft bed etc)| $3,080.50| The Husband  
73| Ikano Pte Ltd (mirrors)| $552| The Husband  
74| Poh Tiong Choon Logistics Limited Ikea Home Delivery A| $103.75| The
Husband  
76| Harvey Norman (Philips sandwich maker, cable reel, dustbag)| $104| The
Husband  
77| Vidcom Technology (IR Camera, DVR 500GB)| $670| The Husband  
78| Ikano Pte Ltd (desk top)| $200| The Husband  
79| Ikano Pte Ltd (kitchen trolley, Franklin B ST)| $178| The Husband  
80| Ikano Pte Ltd (table)| $196| The Husband  
81| PTC Ikea Alexandra (delivery)| $50| The Husband  
83| Doors| $2280| Joint account  
84| Sim Siang Choon| $704.88| The Husband  
85| IKEA (table)| $564.60| The Wife  
86| IKEA (bunkbed)| $698| The Wife  
87| Chen Guan Builders (MC Hacking & demolition)| $10,000| Joint account  
88| Chen Guan Builders (painting)| $10,000| Joint account  
89| Sin Soon Aik Paints Pte Ltd| $45| The Wife  
92| TPY 177 Furniture (mattresses)| $435| The Wife  
94| SPH advertisement| $45.83| Not relevant  
95| Easyroommate| $35.31| Not relevant  
96| Fridge| $739.90| The Wife  
97| Kitchen| $1500| Not relevant  
98| TPY 177 Furniture (Wardrobe)| $336| The Wife  
Total:| | $59,630.87|   
  
![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

