Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

IN THE HIGH COURT OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2017] SGHC 19

Originating Summons No 397 of 2015

Between

| Ahmad Kasim Bin Adam (as administrator of the estate of Adam Bin Haji Anwar,
deceased, and in his own personal capacity)  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Moona Esmail Tamby Merican s/o Mohamed Ganse  
---|---  
(2)| Ahna Cheena Kana Pana Raman Chitty s/o Koopan Chitty  
(3)| Singapore Land Authority  
(4)| Attorney-General  
  
… Respondents

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Land] — [Adverse possession]

[Land] — [Compulsory acquisition]

* * *

  
  
This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ahmad Kasim Bin Adam

v

Moona Esmail Tamby Merican s/o Mohamed Ganse and others

[2017] SGHC 19

High Court — Originating Summons No 397 of 2015  
Foo Chee Hock JC  

13 February 2017

Foo Chee Hock JC:

Introduction

1 In the present Originating Summons (“the OS”), the applicant applied for a
declaration that he and/or his father had, by way of adverse possession,
acquired title to Lot 28W Mukim 27 (“the Land”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

The OS at paras 1–2.

He also applied for a declaration that the award under s 10 of the Land
Acquisition Act (Cap 152, 1985 Rev Ed) (“LAA”) dated 18 March 1988 (“the
Award”) “was invalid and to be set aside being null and void”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

The OS at para 4.

The applicant made the claims in his personal capacity as well as in his
capacity as the administrator of his father’s estate. On 16 December 2016, I
dismissed the OS. The applicant has now appealed against my decision.

Background facts

2 This case concerned a piece of valuable real estate in the eastern part of
Singapore. The Land had an approximate area of 9,636.6 m2, with most of the
area used as burial grounds. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Teo Soo Yan’s Affidavit dated 24 August 2016 at para 17.

The remaining area was occupied by a house alongside some structures wherein
the applicant and his family allegedly resided from 1950 (“the Palm Drive
House”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Teo Soo Yan’s Affidavit dated 24 August 2016 at para 17; Ahmad Kasim’s
Affidavit dated 28 April 2015 at para 8.4.

3 With a long history stretching back to 1888, the Land was initially acquired
by the first respondent, one Moona Esmail Tamby Merican s/o Mohamed Ganse. In
the same year, the Land was mortgaged to the second respondent, Ahna Cheena
Kana Pana Raman Chitty s/o Koopan Chitty. There were no other recorded
transactions in relation to the Land until it was formally vested in the State
in September 1988. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Teo Soo Yan’s Affidavit dated 24 August 2016 at para 9.

4 On 27 November 1987, Notification No 4554 was published in the Government
Gazette declaring that the Land was needed for a public purpose. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Teo Soo Yan’s Affidavit dated 24 August 2016 at p 67.

Under the Master Plan 1980, the entirety of the Land was “zoned for cemetery
use”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Teo Soo Yan’s Affidavit dated 24 August 2016 at para 20.

On 18 March 1988, the Collector of Land Revenue (“the Collector”) awarded a
sum of $18,800 as compensation to the first and second respondents. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Teo Soo Yan’s Affidavit dated 24 August 2016 at para 20.

However, neither of them collected the compensation. Subsequently, pursuant to
an Order of Court dated 20 June 1988, the Collector paid the sum into Court. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Teo Soo Yan’s Affidavit dated 24 August 2016 at para 20.

On 12 September 1988, the title of the Land was vested in the State. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Teo Soo Yan’s Affidavit dated 24 August 2016 at para 21.

Throughout the entire time, neither the applicant nor his father claimed to
have title to the Land by adverse possession or sought any compensation. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Teo Soo Yan’s Affidavit dated 24 August 2016 at para 21.

5 In 2009, the graves located on the Land were exhumed. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Teo Soo Yan’s Affidavit dated 24 August 2016 at para 22.

This prompted the applicant to make some enquiries that ultimately led him to
discover that the Land “had already been acquired by the government in 1988”.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Ahmad Kasim’s Affidavit dated 28 April 2015 at para 12.

Sometime around September 2009, the applicant was asked by the Singapore Land
Authority (“SLA”) to vacate the Land. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Ahmad Kasim’s Affidavit dated 28 April 2015 at para 12.1.

By 30 June 2016, vacant possession of the remaining Palm Drive House was
delivered to the SLA. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Teo Soo Yan’s Affidavit dated 24 August 2016 at para 28.

6 I now turn to the facts on which the applicant based his claim. According to
the applicant, in the early 1950s, the Village Head of Kampong Siglap allowed
his grandfather to build a house on the Land and reside there permanently. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Ahmad Kasim’s Affidavit dated 28 April 2015 at para 10.1.

The applicant’s grandfather was also tasked by the Village Head to maintain
the “graveyards” on the Land. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Ahmad Kasim’s Affidavit dated 28 April 2015 at paras 10.1 and 10.2.

7 The applicant claimed that prior to 2009, nobody had interrupted or
questioned his and his family’s occupation of the Land. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Ahmad Kasim’s Affidavit dated 28 April 2015 at para 14.

In support of this, he averred that he and his family continued paying the
property tax, utility bills and television licence fees even after the Land
was vested in the State in 1988. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Ahmad Kasim’s Affidavit dated 28 April 2015 at para 12.

In this connection, the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore refunded the
property tax collected after September 1988 upon discovering that the tax in
respect of the Land was still being paid. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Ahmad Kasim’s Affidavit dated 28 April 2015 at pp 54–55.

8 On 30 April 2015, the applicant filed the OS. The first and second
respondents were deceased, and were not represented in the present
proceedings. The third respondent was the SLA. The fourth respondent, the
Attorney-General, was joined as the representative of the Government by an
Order of Court dated 18 May 2016. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Teo Soo Yan’s Affidavit dated 24 August 2016 at para 16.

The parties’ cases

9 There were two parts to the applicant’s case. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Applicant Bundle of Submission dated 27 September 2016 at pp 51–52, paras
15.1–15.2.

First, it was argued that the applicant and/or his father had obtained title
to the Land by way of adverse possession before September 1988. Second, the
applicant submitted that the Award ought to be set aside for want of
compliance with the provisions under the LAA, especially the service
requirements.

10 The third and fourth respondents averred that the elements of adverse
possession were not satisfied because the applicant and/or his father did not
have physical possession of the Land 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

3rd and 4th Respondents’ Submissions dated 27 September 2016 at paras 47–51.

and did not intend to exclude the world at large from the Land. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

3rd and 4th Respondents’ Submissions dated 27 September 2016 at paras 56–58.

In relation to the Award, the third and fourth respondents submitted that the
applicant had mistakenly relied on the LAA (ie, the current version of the
Act). They contended that the applicable legislation was the Act as amended up
to 27 November 1987 (“1987 LAA”), the date of the declaration in the
Government Gazette. They argued that the Collector had complied with the
requirements of the 1987 LAA and that the Award must stand. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

3rd and 4th Respondents’ Supplementary Submissions dated 29 September 2016 at
para 6.

Issues to be determined

11 I found that there were two threshold issues, the determination of which
would dispose of the OS:

(a) whether the applicant and/or his father had obtained title to the Land by
way of adverse possession before the compulsory acquisition was completed in
1988;

(b) if the applicant and/or his father had obtained title to the Land, whether
the Award could be set aside for want of compliance with the applicable
legislation.

12 I will address both issues in turn. In my judgment, the applicant could
neither satisfy the elements of adverse possession nor show that the Award
could be set aside.

Adverse possession

13 The applicant had the burden to prove that title had accrued to him and/or
his father by adverse possession: see Lee Martin and another v Wama bte Buang
[1994] 2 SLR(R) 467 (“Lee Martin”) at [15]. In this regard, the relevant
principles to establish adverse possession could be briefly summarised as
follows:

(a) First, the adverse possessor must establish that he had been in factual
possession of the land for at least 12 continuous years: see Chua June Ching
Michelle v Chai Hoi Tong and others [2011] 4 SLR 418 at [9]–[10].

(b) Second, the possession of the land must be adverse to the owner ie, the
adverse possessor must have acted inconsistently with the owner’s intended use
of the land: see Tan Kee (suing as an administrator of the estate of Poh Wong,
deceased and in her own personal capacity) and Others v The Titular Roman
Catholic Archbishop of Singapore [1997] SGHC 281 (“Tan Kee”) at [47] and Re
Lot 114-69 Mukim 22, Singapore and another action [2001] 1 SLR(R) 811 at [37]
and [53].

(c) Third, the adverse possessor must have intended to exclude the world at
large from the land: see Lee Martin at [16] and Moulmein Development Pte Ltd v
Teo Teck Guan and another [1998] 1 SLR(R) 195 (“Moulmein Development”) at
[20].

(d) Fourth, blatant enclosure and inhabitation of the land were the strongest
evidence of adverse possession. Although these were not the only ways to
establish adverse possession, the court generally expected the adverse
possessor to “raise the flag of hostile possession by occupation without
permission and … keep it flying until it ripens into a title by adverse
possession”: see Tan Kee at [47].

14 Distilling the above principles for practical application, there were two
main elements that the applicant must establish: (i) factual possession of the
Land (ie, factum possidendi) and (ii) intention to possess the Land (ie,
animus possidendi). On the evidence presented to me, however, the applicant
failed to establish both elements.

15 The applicant faced multiple evidentiary hurdles in his attempt to
establish factum possidendi. In the OS, he claimed that he and/or his father
had adversely acquired all the right, title and possession of “the whole plot
of [the Land]” [emphasis added]. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

The OS at paras 1 and 2.

However, the major portion of the Land was a cemetery that members of the
public could freely access, and the Palm Drive House occupied only a small
area. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

3rd and 4th Respondents’ Submissions dated 27 September 2016 at para 49; Teo
Soo Yan’s Affidavit dated 24 August 2016 at para 61.

The applicant could not show in any meaningful way that they possessed the
entirety of the Land. Faced with this conundrum, counsel for the applicant
clarified orally during the second hearing that the applicant was only
claiming the area comprising the Palm Drive House. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Notes of Proceedings in Chambers dated 15 December 2016 at p 2, lines 4–9.

No application was taken out to amend the OS, but this was ultimately
immaterial because the applicant also failed to show that he and/or his father
was in possession of the Palm Drive House for 12 continuous years.

16 To begin with, I agreed with the third and fourth respondents that there
were a number of inconsistencies in the applicant’s evidence which undermined
his case. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

3rd and 4th Respondents’ Submissions dated 27 September 2016 at para 47.

For instance, the applicant claimed that his grandfather and father lived in
the Palm Drive House since 1950. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Ahmad Kasim’s Affidavit dated 28 April 2015 at para 8.4.

But when the applicant was born on 9 October 1950, his birth certificate
recorded “497 Woo Mon Chew Road” as his and his father’s address. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Ahmad Kasim’s Affidavit dated 28 April 2015 at p 72.

Similarly, although the applicant asserted that he lived at the Palm Drive
House with his first wife from 1973 to 1980, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Answer to Interrogatories dated 14 January 2016 in Applicant Bundle of
Pleadings at p 136, para 4(b).

the documentary evidence suggested otherwise. The birth certificate of his
daughter, who was born on 10 March 1977, stated the applicant’s address as “34
F, Jalan Murai off Lim Chu Kang Road 17 M/S”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Teo Soo Yan’s Affidavit dated 24 August 2016 at p 57.

17 Given the fragmentary and inconsistent nature of the applicant’s evidence,
it was unsurprising that he could not even definitively identify the point at
which his and/or his father’s alleged adverse possession started. At the first
hearing, counsel for the applicant initially submitted that the adverse
possession started in 1955. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Notes of Proceedings in Chambers dated 29 September 2016 at p 1, lines 34–35.

Then he changed his position and asserted that it commenced in 1961. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Notes of Proceedings in Chambers dated 29 September 2016 at p 2, lines 27–31.

Eventually, at the second hearing, counsel settled on the years from 1961 to
1964. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Notes of Proceedings in Chambers dated 15 December 2016 at p 1, lines 34–37;
Answer to Interrogatories dated 14 January 2016 in Applicant Bundle of
Pleadings at pp 137–138, paras 4(1)–(2).

To say the least, the applicant’s inability to crystallise his case and
pinpoint when the adverse possession commenced demonstrated the inherent
weakness of his case.

18 There was also the fact that the applicant’s father was not living at the
Palm Drive House from 19 May 1964 to 11 November 1970 because he was
incarcerated in Changi Prison. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Teo Soo Yan’s Affidavit dated 24 August 2016 at para 40.

The applicant contended that physical possession was not necessary for factum
possidendi: 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Applicant’s Skeletal Reply dated 15 December 2016 at p 5.

see Soon Peng Yam and another (trustees of the Chinese Swimming Club) v Maimon
bte Ahmad [1995] 1 SLR(R) 279 (at [14]–[15]), but failed to show how the
present facts could trigger the relevant principle or how title could even
begin to accrue when the applicant’s father was in jail.

19 In the end, I found that the applicant failed to establish the requirement
of factum possidendi. The third and fourth respondents also argued that the
applicant’s father could not, in law, have acquired any interest in the Land
under the Residential Property Act (Cap 274, 2009 Rev Ed) because he was
Stateless. But given the paucity of evidence that the applicant’s father was
even in continuous possession of the Land, it was unnecessary for me to decide
on this point.

20 In any event, the other leg on which the purported adverse possession stood
was equally weak. The applicant was hard put to prove that he and/or his
father had the necessary animus possidendi. In Moulmein Development, the Court
of Appeal at [20] stated the following (citing Powell v McFarlane (1977) 38 P
& CR 452 at 471):

… animus possidendi involves the intention, in one’s own name and on one’s own
behalf, to exclude the world at large, including the owner with the paper
title if he be not himself the possessor, so far as is reasonably practicable
and so far as the processes of the law will allow.

[emphasis in original]

Therefore, in order to succeed, the applicant needed to show that he and/or
his father had the intention to exclude the world at large from the Land.

21 However, the applicant failed miserably on this aspect. Contrary to the
applicant’s contentions, the evidence clearly established that he and/or his
father did not intend to exclude the world at large. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

3rd and 4th Respondents’ Submissions dated 27 September 2016 at para 21.

This was nowhere clearer than in a letter dated 5 February 2010 that the
applicant sent to Mr Chan Soo Sen, then Member of Parliament for Joo Chiat
Single Member Constituency. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Teo Soo Yan’s Affidavit dated 24 August 2016 at pp 99–101. The letter was
erroneously dated 5 February 2009 instead of 2010, but the error was merely
typographical as both parties accepted that it should be dated 5 February 2010
(see Teo Soo Yan’s Affidavit dated 24 August 2016 at para 22).

The salient parts of the letter set out below showed the applicant’s state of
mind: 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Teo Soo Yan’s Affidavit dated 24 August 2016 at p 100.

… my family and I only know that the land was waqf land and we are entrusted
and duty bound to take care of the land without any reward, except being
allowed to build a simple house on that land. We never wanted to impose any
claim on the land as we know this is waqf land. …we will not put a claim to
the land we believe is bequeathed for public use.

[emphasis added]

22 In the same letter, the applicant again stressed that he and his family
laid no claim to the Land, stating that they “never registered interest nor
claimed ownership by adverse possession and [they] never regretted it as
[they] never owned that land” [emphasis added]. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Teo Soo Yan’s Affidavit dated 24 August 2016 at p 101.

Instead, they merely saw themselves as caretakers of the Land which, it must
be emphasised, they believed was for “public use”. Taken in its totality, the
letter clearly demonstrated that the applicant and his father did not intend
to exclude the world at large. Accordingly, I found that both the applicant
and his father did not have the requisite animus possidendi to establish
adverse possession. For completeness, I should add that the applicant’s
affidavit stated that he and his father were mistaken in their belief that the
Land was waqf land, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Ahmad Kasim’s Affidavit dated 28 April 2015 at para 13.

and counsel for the applicant tried to use this in support of the applicant’s
case. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Notes of Proceedings in Chambers dated 29 September 2016 at p 3, lines 10–12.

However, I agreed with the third and fourth respondents that this was
immaterial to the conclusion that there was no animus possidendi. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

3rd and 4th Respondents’ Submissions dated 27 September 2016 at para 57.

Simply put, it did not follow from the fact that the applicant and his father
were mistaken as to the Land being waqf land that they had therefore intended
to exclude the world at large. The fact remained that from 1950 to 2010, the
applicant and his father did not intend to exclude the world at large from the
Land.

The Award

23 The foregoing was sufficient to dispose of the matter. But even if the
applicant could establish adverse possession, he still could not surmount the
hurdle of setting aside the Award.

24 The applicant attacked the Award on the basis that the Collector failed to
comply with the LAA. He argued that the acquisition notice (“the Notice”) and
the Award were not brought to the attention of the applicant and/or his
father, both of whom would have constituted “person[s] interested” under s
2(1) of the LAA had they acquired title by adverse possession. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Applicant’s Skeletal Reply dated 15 December 2016 at paras 12.e–12.f and 14.a.

Principally, it was alleged that the Collector did not comply with the LAA by
failing to serve the Notice and the Award personally on the applicant and/or
his father. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Applicant Bundle of Submission dated 27 September 2016 at paras 10.4(ii) and
10.5.

Further, it was submitted that the Collector ought to have placed the Notice
and the Award on the Palm Drive House because it would have been “the most
conspicuous place or structure on the [L]and”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Applicant Bundle of Submission dated 27 September 2016 at paras 10.4(iv),
10.7, and 10.8; and Applicant’s Skeletal Reply dated 15 December 2016 at paras
14.c and 14.g.

25 However, there were many fundamental flaws in the applicant’s case, both
legal and evidentiary. Starting with the law, the applicant wrongly relied on
the LAA in his submissions. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

See eg, Applicant Bundle of Submission dated 27 September 2016 at paras
10.4–10.8.

Given that the Land was declared in the Government Gazette as being required
for a public purpose on 27 November 1987, I agreed with the third and fourth
respondents that the applicable legislation was the 1987 LAA. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

3rd and 4th Respondents’ Supplementary Submissions dated 29 September 2016 at
paras 3 and 4.

This meant that some of the applicant’s contentions were simply erroneous, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

See eg, Applicant Bundle of Submission dated 27 September 2016 at paras
10.4(i) and 10.4(ii).

while those set out above must be read subject to the 1987 LAA.

26 With the 1987 LAA in mind, I was satisfied that the Collector had duly
complied with all the relevant provisions under the law. To this end, I first
set out briefly the compulsory acquisition scheme and relevant requirements
under the 1987 LAA: 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

3rd and 4th Respondents’ Supplementary Submissions dated 29 September 2016 at
para 5.

(a) First, a declaration under s 5(1) that the land was required for a
specific purpose must be published in the Government Gazette.

(b) Second, as required under ss 8(1) and 8(2), an acquisition notice was to
be posted on or near the relevant land, and the notice shall be served on “all
persons known or believed to be interested in the land”.

(c) Third, if such persons could not be found, then s 45(3) provided that it
sufficed (for present purposes) to fix a copy of the notice “in some
conspicuous place in the office of the Collector and also on some conspicuous
part of the land to be acquired” [emphasis added].

(d) Fourth, once an award was made under s 10, s 11 provided that the
Collector’s award was to be filed in his office and a copy thereof was to be
served on “all persons interested provided that their addresses can be
ascertained after reasonable inquiry when the award is made” [emphasis added].

27 Proceeding to the present facts, as detailed above at [4], a declaration
was made in the Government Gazette on 27 November 1987 that the Land was
needed for a public purpose. Further, up to the completion of the compulsory
acquisition, the only recorded transactions with respect to the Land related
to the first and second respondents as owner and mortgagee respectively.

28 The Collector’s affidavit filed on 20 June 1988 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Teo Soo Yan’s Affidavit dated 24 August 2016 at pp 77–80.

stated expressly that the Notice under s 8 of the 1987 LAA was “duly posted”
on the Land on 22 January 1988 seeking persons interested to appear at the
office of the Collector on 3 March 1988 to make their claims in respect of the
Land. The Notice was not served on the first and second respondents because
they could not be found. Thus, on 23 January 1988, the Notice was posted on
the Land Office Notice Board. The affidavit further stated that nobody
attended the inquiry held on 3 March 1988. Subsequently, the Collector awarded
$18,800.00 as compensation for the Land on 16 March 1988. But the Award could
not be served on the first and second respondents, and it was instead posted
on the Land Office Notice Board on 18 March 1988.

29 In view of the Collector’s affidavit, there was no reason, nor did the
applicant provide any, for me to believe that the Notice had not been posted
on some conspicuous part of the Land. Illustration (e) to s 116 of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) allowed the Court to presume that “official
acts have been regularly performed”. The burden was therefore on the applicant
to rebut the presumption. However, he failed to do so. The applicant merely
alleged that there was no evidence of the Notice having been posted on the
Land, and that the Collector ought to have made an affidavit of service. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Applicant Bundle of Submission dated 27 September 2016 at pp 39–40, paras
10.4(iv)–10.4(v).

Given the above, I found that counsel for the third and fourth respondents had
satisfactorily explained that a formal affidavit of service was not made
because there was no dispute at that time. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Notes of Proceedings in Chambers dated 15 December 2016 at p 4, lines 9–10.

30 Having found that the Notice was regularly served, which was the key to
answering the applicant’s contentions, the applicant’s complaints that there
was no reasonable inquiry as to his and his father’s addresses and no personal
service of the Award on them, were unmeritorious. As submitted by the third
and fourth respondents, since the applicant and his father never made a claim
on the Land or for compensation at the material time, there was no requirement
to serve the Award on the applicant and his father. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

3rd and 4th Respondents’ Supplementary Submissions dated 29 September 2016 at
para 7(f).

Accordingly, the applicant failed to show any grounds for setting aside the
Award. For that matter, there was also no requirement in the 1987 LAA to post
the Award on the Land.

31 Lastly, s 11(1) of the 1987 LAA provided as follows:

Award of Collector when to be final

The Collector’s award shall be filed in his office and shall, except as
hereinafter provided, be final and conclusive evidence as between the
Collector and the persons interested, whether they have respectively appeared
before the Collector or not, of the area and value of the land and the
apportionment of the compensation among the persons interested.

[emphasis added]

And as stated under s 53 of the 1987 LAA, no suit shall be brought to set
aside the Award. Therefore, even if against all odds, the applicant could have
come this far, he would have tripped and fallen at this hurdle.

Conclusion

32 In conclusion, I rejected the applicant’s claim that he and/or his father
had acquired title to the Land by way of adverse possession. In any event, the
applicant failed to establish any grounds for setting aside the Award. In the
premises, I dismissed the OS with costs to be paid by the applicant to the
third and fourth respondents.

Foo Chee Hock

Judicial Commissioner

Chishty Syed Ahmed Jamal (A C Syed & Partners) for the applicant;  
The first and second respondents unrepresented;  
Khoo Boo Jin and Leon Michael Ryan (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the third
and fourth respondents.

___________________________________

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

