Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF THREE JUDGES of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 141

Originating Summons No 5 of 2016

In the matter of Sections 94(1) and 98(1) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap
161)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Udeh Kumar s/o Sethuraju, an Advocate and Solicitor of the
Supreme Court of the Republic of Singapore  
---  
  
Between

LAW SOCIETY OF SINGAPORE  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

UDEH KUMAR S/O SETHURAJU  
---  
  
… Respondent

Originating Summons No 1 of 2017

In the matter of Sections 94(1) and 98(1) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap
161)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Udeh Kumar s/o Sethuraju, an Advocate and Solicitor of the
Supreme Court of the Republic of Singapore  
---  
  
* * *

Between

LAW SOCIETY OF SINGAPORE  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

UDEH KUMAR S/O SETHURAJU  
---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Legal Profession] — [Disciplinary Proceedings]

[Legal Profession] — [Professional Conduct] — [Breach]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Law Society of Singapore

  
v

  

Udeh Kumar s/o Sethuraju and another matter

[2017] SGHC 141

Court of Three Judges — Originating Summons Nos 5 of 2016 and 1 of 2017  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Tay Yong Kwang JA  
22 March 2017

27 June 2017

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 Originating Summonses No 5 of 2016 (“C3J/OS 5/2016”) and No 1 of 2017
(“C3J/OS 1/2017”) were applications brought by the Law Society of Singapore
(“the Law Society”) pursuant to s 98(1) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161,
2009 Rev Ed) (“LPA”) for Mr Udeh Kumar s/o Sethuraju (“the Respondent”), an
advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court of Singapore, to show cause before
a court of three judges as to why an appropriate sanction under s 83(1) of the
LPA should not be imposed.

2 After hearing the parties, we found that due cause was made out arising from
the charges against the Respondent that were before us and we ordered that he
be struck off the roll of advocates and solicitors. We now give the detailed
reasons for our decision.

Background facts

3 The Respondent was a senior practitioner, having been called as an advocate
and solicitor about 29 years ago on 16 March 1988. He practised as a sole
proprietor in the firm S. K. Kumar & Associates until 14 April 2011.
Thereafter, he practised at S. K. Kumar Law Practice LLP.

4 Disciplinary proceedings were commenced against the Respondent as a result
of separate complaints lodged against him by (a) the Attorney-General (“AG”)
and (b) the Presiding Judge of the State Courts. The complaint by the AG was
made pursuant to s 85(3)(b) of the LPA on 24 April 2015 and was supplemented
with further information on 9 June 2015. Arising from this complaint, the Law
Society preferred 14 charges against the Respondent. Of these, the
disciplinary tribunal (“the Tribunal”) found that seven had been made out; and
cause of sufficient gravity was found for disciplinary action to be pursued
under s 83 of the LPA in respect of five of these charges, namely the 4th,
5th, 6th, 7th and 11th charges. While no cause of sufficient gravity was found
in respect of the other two charges, the Respondent was ordered to pay a
penalty of $15,000 and $10,000 respectively. The Tribunal dismissed the rest
of the charges. The decision of the Tribunal is reported at The Law Society of
Singapore v Udeh Kumar s/o Sethuraju [2016] SGDT 6 (“Udeh Kumar (C3J/OS
5/2016)”). The five charges, for which cause of sufficient gravity was found,
were the subject of C3J/OS 5/2016.

5 The other complaint by the Presiding Judge of the State Courts was made on 5
May 2015. It set out the conduct of the Respondent which had ostensibly
resulted in “intolerable delay, disruption and inconvenience to the court, the
prosecution and to his clients”. Based on this complaint, the Law Society
pressed another 14 charges against the Respondent. The Tribunal found that
cause of sufficient gravity was established for six of the charges against the
Respondent, namely, the 1st, 2nd, 7th, 9th, 11th and 14th charges. It
dismissed the remaining charges. The decision of the Tribunal is reported at
The Law Society of Singapore v Udeh Kumar s/o Sethuraju [2016] SGDT 12 (“Udeh
Kumar (C3J/OS 1/2017)”). The six charges for which cause of sufficient gravity
was established were the subject of C3J/OS 1/2017.

6 With the agreement of the parties, both Originating Summonses were fixed
together for hearing before us. Consequently, we considered a total of 11
charges against the Respondent (five in C3J/OS 5/2016 and six in C3J/OS
1/2017). These charges can be divided into three broad categories:

(a) First, a set of charges that concerned the alleged breach of Rule 55(b) of
the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2010 Rev Ed)
(“PCR”) for failing to use his best endeavours to avoid unnecessary
adjournments, expense and waste of the court’s time (“Group 1 Charges”). These
were the subject of the 4th, 5th and 6th charges in C3J/OS 5/2016, as well as
the 7th, 9th and 11th charges in C3J/OS 1/2017.

(b) Second, a set of charges concerning the alleged breach of Rule 56 of the
PCR in deceiving or misleading the court by making false and inaccurate
statements (“Group 2 Charges”). These were the subject of the 7th and 11th
charges in C3J/OS 5/2016.

(c) Third, a set of charges relating to events that culminated in the
Respondent advising his client to obtain a medical certificate under false
pretences in a seeming attempt to excuse the client’s absence from court in
circumstances that would amount to a subversion of the course of justice
(“Group 3 Charges”). These were the subject of the 1st, 2nd and 14th charges
in C3J/OS 1/2017.

Preliminary issues

7 Before turning to our decision in relation to each of the three groups of
charges, we first make some observations on two preliminary issues that arose
in the proceedings.

Whether recusal was necessary

8 In the course of the hearing before us, counsel for the Respondent, Mr N
Sreenivasan SC (“Mr Sreenivasan”), made a passing reference to the fact that
consideration had been given by the Respondent and his counsel to whether he
should seek the recusal of Tay Yong Kwang JA from the bench hearing this
matter on account of the fact that he had heard one of the matters which was
the subject matter of one or more of the charges before us. Tay JA had granted
an adjournment in that instance. Although Mr Sreenivasan made it clear that
having considered the matter, the Respondent had decided not to seek the
recusal, nonetheless, because the issue had been raised, we thought it
appropriate to set out our views on the matter. As shall shortly become
evident, it was so plainly baseless in the circumstances that we were
surprised it was even mentioned.

9 We first observe that Tay JA did not lodge any complaint against the
Respondent in that (or in any other) instance. He had instead ordered the
Respondent to pay costs personally. Indeed, the Respondent relied on these
very same facts to contend that the Respondent had already been punished for
the conduct in question and that this therefore did not and could not warrant
further punishment. We will deal with the merits of this particular contention
in relation to the disciplinary proceedings later in this judgment; but having
sought to call Tay JA’s disposal of the matter in question in aid of his own
case, we found it odd, if not inconsistent, that the Respondent could at the
same time consider that this might afford him a basis to contend that Tay JA
ought not to hear the matter before us.

10 Second, and even more compelling, was the fact that out of an abundance of
caution, we had earlier directed the Registry to seek the views of the parties
as to whether either of them had any objections to Tay JA being part of the
panel hearing the matter. The Registry had done so by way of a letter sent to
the parties on 10 November 2016. On the same day, both parties replied
confirming that they had no objections to Tay JA hearing the matter. In all
the circumstances, this was an alleged concern that was entirely without basis
and as we have already observed, we were somewhat surprised that any reference
was made to it at all.

Whether minute sheets of hearings in the State Courts were admissible

11 The second preliminary issue related to the admissibility of certain minute
sheets of hearings in the State Courts which were recorded and signed by
various district judges (“DJs”), and which were relied on by the Law Society
in making its case in C3J/OS 1/2017. These minute sheets were annexed to the
affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) of Mr Dean Yeo Sin Haw (“Mr Yeo”),
Assistant Director (Operations Management) of the Criminal Justice Division in
the State Courts, who was one of the Law Society’s witnesses. The Respondent
objected to any reliance being placed on these minute sheets, arguing that
they were inadmissible because they constituted hearsay evidence. The
Respondent’s contention was that since the Law Society had not called the
makers of these minute sheets (namely, the DJs in question) to be witnesses at
the hearing, the Tribunal had erred in admitting these as evidence of the
truth of their contents.

12 At the hearing before the Tribunal, Mr Sreenivasan made a submission of no
case to answer at the close of the Law Society’s case on the basis that the
minute sheets were inadmissible. The Tribunal dismissed this argument on the
ground that it had the power to regulate its own proceedings and that the
Respondent’s objection was a technicality without substance, since there was
nothing to suggest that the minute sheets were not an accurate record of what
had transpired at the hearings in question. The Tribunal thus admitted the
minute sheets as part of Mr Yeo’s evidence. It also considered that once the
Law Society’s case had been submitted in accordance with the statutory
provisions which regulated the presentation of its case, as was done here, the
Tribunal was obliged to deal with the case before it (at [16] and [18] of its
decision in Udeh Kumar (C3J/OS 1/2017)).

13 We agreed with the Tribunal’s decision that the Respondent’s objections
regarding the minute sheets should be dismissed, but reached this conclusion
for different reasons. We begin by observing that pursuant to Rule 23 of the
Legal Profession (Disciplinary Tribunal) Rules (Cap 161, R 2, 2010 Rev Ed),
the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) is applicable to proceedings before the
Tribunal. Nonetheless, even though the minute sheets on their own, without the
DJs in question being called as witnesses, would in a strict sense constitute
hearsay evidence, we found that they fell within two exceptions to the hearsay
rule. The first was under s 32(1)(b) of the Evidence Act, which rendered
statements “made by a person in the ordinary course of a trade, business,
profession or other occupation” relevant and thus admissible. In particular,
the minute sheets fell within either s 32(1)(b)(i) (entries in books kept in
the ordinary course of a profession or in the discharge of a professional
duty) or s 32(1)(b)(iv) of the Evidence Act (documents constituting or forming
part of the records of a profession that are recorded, owned or kept by a
person, body or organisation carrying out that profession).

14 We note that if the exception under s 32(1)(b) had been relied on, then
pursuant to s 32(4)(b) of the Evidence Act read with O 38 r 4(1) of the Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed), the Law Society would technically have
been required to serve a formal notice on the Respondent, no later than two
weeks after the service of Mr Yeo’s AEIC, stating the grounds under s 32(1) of
the Evidence Act that rendered the minute sheets admissible. In the present
case, it did not appear that this was done. In such circumstances, s 32(3) of
the Evidence Act vests the court with the discretion to exclude the minute
sheets if it considers that their admission would be contrary to the interests
of justice, for example if the failure to give notice deprived the opposing
party of the opportunity to respond to significant evidence that would
compromise his case: see Jeffrey Pinsler SC (“Prof Pinsler”), Evidence and the
Litigation Process (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2015) (“Pinsler on Evidence”) at para
6-050. However, we found it difficult to see how the Law Society’s failure to
give notice could conceivably cause prejudice or unfairness to the Respondent.
The minute sheets were made available to him from the outset when the Tribunal
Secretariat forwarded to him a copy of the complaint (with the annexed minute
sheets) on 26 May 2016. Yet, no objections were taken until the hearing before
the Tribunal on 22 September 2016. We thus exercised our discretion under O 2
of the Rules of Court, as we did in Gimpex Ltd v Unity Holdings Business Ltd
and others and another appeal [2015] 2 SLR 686 at [141], to cure the non-
compliance with O 38 r 4 of the Rules of Court.

15 The second applicable exception to the hearsay rule in this context arose
by way of s 37 read with s 76 of the Evidence Act. The minute sheets of the
DJs constituted entries into a public record by public officers in the
discharge of their official duties and were thus relevant and admissible (see
s 37 of the Evidence Act). A “public officer” refers to all holders of offices
of emolument in the service of the Government (see s 2 of the Interpretation
Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed)), and includes DJs. Public documents include
documents that are records of the acts of official tribunals and public
officers (including judicial officers) of Singapore: s 76(a) of the Evidence
Act. In light of these statutory definitions, the minute sheets of the DJs
were clearly public documents and/or records. Indeed, Mr Sreenivasan himself
conceded that this was the case at the hearing before the Tribunal. As stated
in Pinsler on Evidence at para 6-064, the rationale for the admissibility of
public documents is twofold. First, the official nature of the documents
renders them generally reliable. Second, it would be impractical to expect
public officers to remember details in such records, so as to be able to add
to what is contained in the records themselves, a point that was also noted by
the President of the Tribunal during the hearing.

16 On the basis of these two exceptions to the hearsay rule, we found that the
minute sheets were relevant and admissible. The Tribunal did not err either in
admitting them into evidence or in relying on them in reaching their decision.
We accordingly turn to consider the substantive charges against the
Respondent.

Group 1 Charges: failing to use best endeavours to avoid unnecessary
adjournments, expense and waste of the court’s time

Legal principles

17 To recapitulate, the Group 1 Charges concerned an alleged breach of Rule
55(b) of the PCR. They encompassed the 4th, 5th and 6th charges in C3J/OS
5/2016, as well as the 7th, 9th and 11th charges in C3J/OS 1/2017.

18 Rule 55(b) provides as follows:

Duty to Court

55. An advocate and solicitor shall at all times —

…

(b) use his best endeavours to avoid unnecessary adjournments, expense and
waste of the Court’s time…

…

19 The purpose of the rule is to give effect to the advocate and solicitor’s
obligation to assist in the efficient administration of justice (see Rule
2(2)(a) of the PCR). It also underscores the importance of respect for the
authority of the court: see Prof Pinsler in Ethics in Chamber Hearings:
Observations on Certain Practices (2008) 20 SAcLJ 746 (“Ethics in Chamber
Hearings”) at para 8.

The charges

20 The 4th charge in C3J/OS 5/2016 and the 7th, 9th and 11th charges in C3J/OS
1/2017 cumulatively set out 13 separate occasions on which the Respondent was
either late for or absent from hearings before the State Courts, necessitating
various adjournments as a consequence.

21 The 5th charge in C3J/OS 5/2016 related to Originating Summons No 576 of
2014 (“OS 576”) which had been commenced by the Respondent on behalf of a
client seeking leave to quash an order of the Director of the Central
Narcotics Bureau to admit the client into a drug rehabilitation centre, and
Summons No 4537 of 2014 (“SUM 4537”) which had been filed by the AG to strike
out OS 576. The circumstances surrounding this charge were as follows:

(a) The hearing of SUM 4537 was fixed for a special half-day hearing on 2
October 2014 before an assistant registrar. The parties had been directed by
the Registry to file written submissions by 26 September 2014. On 2 October
2014, the Respondent procured his colleague, Mr Dhanwant Singh (“Mr Singh”),
to attend the hearing on his behalf and seek an adjournment on the basis that
(i) the Respondent had been unsure whether the hearing was a substantive one
or only a Pre-Trial Conference (“PTC”) for directions and (ii) in any event,
the Respondent had not been able to prepare for the hearing owing to his other
commitments. The hearing was adjourned to 15 October 2014. At the resumed
hearing, SUM 4537 was dismissed and the AG appealed.

(b) At a PTC on 26 November 2014, the hearing of OS 576 and the appeal against
the dismissal of SUM 4537 were fixed for a special half-day hearing before Tay
Yong Kwang J (as he then was) on 8 January 2015. On the day of the hearing,
the Respondent again procured Mr Singh to appear in court on his behalf. Mr
Singh informed the court that the Respondent was engaged in other matters
before the State Courts and required a short adjournment. The matter was then
adjourned to 20 January 2015. On this occasion, the Respondent appeared before
Tay J but requested another adjournment on the ground that his client’s sister
had instructed him to withdraw OS 576, and he wanted to seek his client’s
instructions on this. The hearing was ultimately disposed of on 9 February
2015. We set out some more details in connection with this at [38]–[39] below.
For present purposes, it suffices to note that Mr Krishna Morthy (“Mr
Krishna”) attended before Tay J on 9 February 2015 and informed him that the
Respondent was unable to attend the hearing as he was once again engaged in
the State Courts. Mr Krishna then withdrew OS 576. Tay J ordered the
Respondent to pay $4,000 in costs personally to the AG.

22 The 6th charge in C3J/OS 5/2016 concerned a mention before the State Courts
on 7 May 2015 for the purpose of taking a plea from a client of the
Respondent. At 9.30am that day, the Respondent’s client was not in court as
required. The Respondent sought an adjournment on scheduling grounds: he had
four other hearings that morning in the State Courts. The DJ refused to
adjourn the matter but stood the matter down twice (first to 11.30am and then
to 3.30pm) before the Respondent and his client were both present. The hearing
proceeded and the Respondent’s client pleaded guilty, but the Respondent then
asked the DJ for an adjournment to prepare his mitigation plea, which he had
not yet been able to do ostensibly on account of “work pressures” and having
to attend to multiple matters in court.

The Respondent’s defence

23 The Respondent did not dispute that he was indeed late for or absent from
the hearings in question. He also admitted that this was sometimes due to
“scheduling problems of his own creation” or his own mistakes and lack of
preparedness. However, he highlighted that:

(a) The reason for his conduct generally lay in his commitment to matters
involving his other clients;

(b) The judicial officers involved had not lodged complaints against him but
had instead granted the adjournments on each of these occasions, suggesting
that his requests for adjournments had all been made on reasonable grounds;

(c) His absence from and lateness in attending hearings was “a mistake that
anyone could make” and was “not so grave as to amount to professional
misconduct”; and

(d) He had since corrected his errors. Further, the matters in question had
all subsequently concluded without any mishap.

The Tribunal’s findings

24 The Tribunal found that the Group 1 Charges were made out. It held that a
full schedule could not be a reasonable explanation for being late for or
absent from court hearings. The Respondent should not have accepted multiple
court engagements on the same day. If an adjournment was required, he should
have requested this far in advance rather than at the hearings themselves. He
had thus failed to use his best endeavours to avoid unnecessary expense and
waste of judicial time and this had resulted in precisely such wastage of time
and resources.

Our decision

25 To the extent that the Respondent’s conduct was a result of his own
congested schedule, we agreed with the Tribunal that this could not possibly
be relied on by the Respondent to justify or excuse his being late for or
absent from court hearings. It is clear to us that he should either have
declined to accept multiple court engagements on the same day or requested
adjournments long before the hearings. Had either of these not been possible,
he should have arranged for other counsel to deal substantively with the
matters in question. In this regard, we find useful Prof Pinsler’s remarks in
Ethics in Chamber Hearings at para 9:

The excuse that counsel “had to be in another court” is not generally
acceptable. It is not for the court to subject itself to counsel’s
convenience. If counsel cannot avoid concurrent hearings, or hearings so close
to each other that he is bound to be late for one of them, his law practice
should make the necessary arrangements to enable him to limit his
representation to one of the hearings. ...

[emphasis added]

26 Still less did we think it acceptable for the Respondent to seek to justify
his requests for adjournments on the basis of his lack of preparedness. In
particular, in relation to the 5th charge in C3J/OS 5/2016, the sequence of
events we have set out at [21] above clearly reveals that if the Respondent
had accorded even the slightest attention to the matter, he would have known
that the hearing scheduled on 2 October 2014 was a substantive one: a special
half-day hearing had been set aside for the matter and written submissions had
been directed to be filed. This lends itself to one of two inferences, both of
which are damning for the Respondent. Either he had been so grossly derelict
that he did not even apprehend this; or he had misrepresented the position to
the court in an effort to delay the matter for whatever reason.

27 We were equally unimpressed by the Respondent’s contention that the
adjournments sought had been granted on each occasion and that the judicial
officers involved had not lodged any complaints against him. First, the
judicial officers in truth were left with little choice but to grant the
adjournments sought because Mr Singh who had attended in the Respondent’s
place was clearly in no position to argue the matters in question; it would
have been manifestly unjust to the Respondent’s clients had the court on each
occasion continued with the hearing without regard to their counsel’s patent
lack of preparedness. The Respondent admitted as much before the Tribunal. The
adjournments might have been necessitated from the perspective of the
Respondent’s clients, but this said nothing about the merits of the requests
for these adjournments from the perspective of the Respondent’s conduct.
Second, the fact that the judicial officers in question had not lodged any
complaints against the Respondent was wholly irrelevant to the question of
whether such conduct was or was not objectively tolerable. Furthermore, the
fact that costs of $4,000 had been ordered against him personally in OS 576
reinforced the conclusion that he had not conducted himself appropriately but
this in no way exonerated him from separately being found guilty of
misconduct. Under O 59 r 8(1) of the Rules of Court, such cost orders are only
made when the court considers that costs have been incurred unreasonably or
improperly or have been wasted by a failure on the part of the advocate and
solicitor to conduct proceedings with reasonable competence and expedition.
This was precisely what the Respondent had done in the present case.

28 Mr Sreenivasan did his best to submit that we should take a benign view of
the Respondent’s conduct and see these instances as the bumbling failures of a
practitioner who was doing his incompetent best to cope with too much work. We
were unable to accept this. In our judgment, the Respondent’s conduct outlined
in the Group 1 Charges undermined the core of the professionalism expected of
advocates and solicitors, and of their duty to respect the authority of the
court and to assist in the efficient administration of justice. Prof Pinsler
summarises the point neatly in Ethics and Professional Responsibility: A Code
for the Advocate and Solicitor (Academy Publishing, 2007) at para 07-001:

Respect for the court is fundamental to the maintenance of its authority and
responsibility to dispense justice. An advocate and solicitor who is
disrespectful to the court disrespects his own role in the process of the law,
his position as an “Officer of the Court” and must ask himself whether he is
capable of assisting in the administration of justice (a fundamental principle
set out in the PCR, r 2(2)(a)).

29 In the present case, the Respondent’s conduct demonstrated an utter
disregard for the court, for lawyers from the Attorney-General’s Chambers
(“AGC”), for accused persons, for witnesses, and indeed, for other users of
the judicial system. This we find intolerable. This was not a case of an
occasional lapse that might be forgiven; rather, it was a case of an advocate
and solicitor who chose to engage in a pattern of behaviour that revealed an
utter disregard for the legitimate expectations and interests of all the other
stakeholders in the justice system over a sustained period of time. In our
judgment, this amounted to improper conduct under s 83(2)(b) of the LPA.

30 We were mindful of our observation in Law Society of Singapore v Jasmine
Gowrimani d/o Daniel [2010] 3 SLR 390 at [35] that a finding that a
solicitor’s conduct fell within s 83(2) of the LPA was a necessary but not
sufficient condition for a finding of “due cause”. The court must also be
satisfied that on the totality of the facts and circumstances of the case, the
Respondent’s misconduct was sufficiently serious to warrant the imposition of
sanctions under s 83(1) of the LPA. Given our analysis in the preceding
paragraphs, we had no difficulty concluding that due cause had been made out
in relation to the Group 1 Charges. The Respondent’s conduct represented a
grave, persistent and unjustifiable departure from the most basic standards
expected of an advocate and solicitor – especially one of the Respondent’s
seniority – to uphold the authority of the court by being punctual for court
hearings, as well as to assist in the efficient administration of justice.

Group 2 Charges: misleading the court by making false or inaccurate statements

Legal principles

31 The Group 2 Charges involved an alleged breach of Rule 56 of the PCR. These
were the subject of the 7th and 11th charges in C3J/OS 5/2016.

32 Rule 56 of the PCR provides:

Not to mislead or deceive Court

56\. An advocate and solicitor shall not knowingly deceive or mislead the
Court, any other advocate and solicitor, witness, Court officer, or other
person or body involved in or associated with Court proceedings.

33 Deceiving or misleading the Court includes the passive concealment of
material facts, the presentation of half-truths, and the active articulation
of untruths and/or misrepresentation of facts: Public Trustee and another v By
Products Traders Pte Ltd and others [2005] 3 SLR(R) 449 (“By Products”) at
[30]. The fundamental nature of the obligation encapsulated in this rule is
aptly summarised by Prof Pinsler in Conduct of Proceedings – The Legal
Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules, 1998 (1998) SingJLS 409 (“PCR
Comment”) at 410-411:

[An advocate and solicitor’s] most basic obligation is not to deceive or
mislead the court, any other advocate and solicitor, witness, court officer,
or other person or body involved in or associated with court proceedings. This
responsibility extends to every function including the presentation and
interpretation of facts, drafting of pleadings and documents, legal argument
and other submissions to, or communications with, the court. The duty not to
intentionally mislead or deceive is only the bare minimum required of the
advocate and solicitor. …

[emphasis added]

34 One of the key issues raised at the hearing before the Tribunal was the
mens rea required to establish a breach of Rule 56 of the PCR. At [68] of its
decision in Udeh Kumar (C3J/OS 5/2016), the Tribunal adopted the test laid
down in Derry v Peek (1889) 14 App Cas 337 (“Derry v Peek”), a seminal English
case concerning an action in deceit based on a fraudulent misrepresentation.
Lord Herschell (at 374) held that fraud is proved when it is shown that a
false representation has been made (a) knowingly; (b) without belief in its
truth; or (c) recklessly, without caring whether it is true or false. In his
written submissions for the present proceedings, the Respondent argued that
the mens rea required for a breach of Rule 56 of the PCR was subjective
dishonesty; specifically, he contended on that basis that recklessness to the
truth or falsehood of a statement (limb (c) of Derry v Peek) was insufficient.

35 We disagreed with the Respondent. Instead, we concurred with the Tribunal
in applying the test in Derry v Peek and including recklessness as one of the
mental states on the basis of which a breach of Rule 56 of the PCR could be
established. Indeed, this has been the approach of our own courts; thus, when
commenting on the duty of an advocate and solicitor not to mislead the court
in Bachoo Mohan Singh v Public Prosecutor and another matter [2010] 4 SLR 137
(“Bachoo Mohan Singh”), V K Rajah JA said (at [114]) that an advocate or
solicitor must “neither deceive nor knowingly or recklessly mislead the court”
[emphasis added].

36 We also consider this to be correct as a matter of principle because the
focus of the test in Derry v Peek is on the absence of an honest belief in the
truth of what is being stated. Consequently, even making a statement
recklessly (not caring whether it was true or false) would be subjectively
dishonest: see Public Prosecutor v Wang Ziyi Able [2008] 2 SLR(R) 61 (“Wang
Ziyi Able”) at [77] and [82]. The position is otherwise only where the
relevant state of mind is not recklessness but only carelessness in making a
statement, which though false, was honestly believed to be true: Derry v Peek
at 361, cited in Wang Ziyi Able at [80]. That was not the case before us.

The charges

37 We turn to the substantive Group 2 Charges, which essentially related to
three allegedly false statements made by the Respondent. These statements were
the subject of the 7th and 11th charges in C3J/OS 5/2016.

38 The 7th charge, like the 5th charge in C3J/OS 5/2016, related to OS 576. As
explained at [21] above, the matter had already been adjourned three times at
Mr Singh’s and/or the Respondent’s requests. Tay J originally re-fixed the
hearing on 20 January 2015 to 4 February 2015. On 30 January 2015, less than a
week before the re-fixed hearing date, the Respondent wrote to court through
the e-Litigation portal seeking a further two-week adjournment. The request
contained a certification that “[t]he [a]pplicant [namely, the Respondent’s
client]…certifies that all other parties concerned in the hearing of this
application are available on this date” (“the First Statement”). The First
Statement was made even though it was undisputed that (a) the Respondent had
not checked with the AGC as to its availability on that date and (b) on 27
January 2015, three days before the Respondent’s request was sent, the AGC had
written to inform him that it would not be agreeable to any further
adjournment of OS 576.

39 As a result of the adjournment request submitted by the Respondent (which,
on its face, appeared to be consensual), Tay J granted the two-week
adjournment sought by the Respondent and the hearing was re-fixed for 18
February 2015. It was undisputed that the Respondent’s request for the
adjournment (containing the First Statement) was not copied to the AGC, which
only learnt of the request on 3 February 2015 upon receiving a letter from the
court advising the parties of the new hearing date. The AGC wrote to the court
on 4 February 2015 stating that its consent had not been sought for the
adjournment and that it had earlier objected to any further adjournments. Tay
J then brought the hearing forward to 9 February 2015.

40 The 11th charge pertained to a Magistrate’s Appeal scheduled for hearing on
22 April 2015. The Respondent’s client, who was the appellant, filed the
notice of appeal in person on 19 January 2015, while he was in prison. Two
days before the scheduled hearing on 20 April 2015, the Respondent wrote a
letter to the court (“the 20 April Letter”) requesting that the appeal be
vacated and re-fixed to a date two weeks later. He gave two reasons in support
of his request:

(a) He had only recently been informed that his client wished the Respondent’s
firm to represent him in the appeal (“the Second Statement”); and

(b) He had been unable to see or interview his client in prison to take proper
instructions due to the unavailability of visiting slots (“the Third
Statement”).

The parties’ cases

41 In relation to the First Statement, the Respondent’s account in his Defence
and his AEIC was somewhat at variance with his evidence under cross-
examination. In his Defence and AEIC, his explanation was that the First
Statement was made due to “an error or oversight on [his] part, due to [his]
own carelessness and negligence” [emphasis added]. He said that when composing
the request for the adjournment on e-Litigation, he had inadvertently
overlooked the pre-generated text containing the First Statement. The
impression given was that he had himself sent the request for an adjournment
but had somehow overlooked the text containing the First Statement. The
Respondent claimed that the First Statement appeared on the face of the
request for adjournment without having to be typed by the Respondent, as it
was automatically generated by the system. However, under cross-examination,
he said that he did not know how to operate the e-Litigation system and had
not filed the request himself. Instead, he had instructed his staff to do so
and the staff member had not paid any attention to the pre-generated First
Statement. The Respondent submitted that even if recklessness was a sufficient
state of mind to warrant a conviction under Rule 56 of the PCR, he could not
be said to have been reckless in leaving the filing of the request for the
adjournment to his staff, but had at most been negligent in failing to
supervise them. At the hearing before us, Mr Sreenivasan emphasised that even
though it was in fact the Respondent’s staff who had submitted the request for
adjournment, the Respondent, in his Defence and AEIC, had taken responsibility
for the staff member’s actions because he was the lead solicitor on the file.

42 As to the Second Statement, the positions taken by the Respondent in his
AEIC and at trial were again markedly different. In his AEIC, he said that he
had been reviewing the Magistrates’ Appeals hearing list in connection with an
unrelated matter when he realised that the appeal in question had been fixed
for hearing. He recalled that the client in that matter, whom he had
represented at the trial, had earlier requested him to help in the appeal as
well, though he had not acted on this. He then decided to request that the
appeal be re-fixed to a later date. The client later informed the Respondent
that he had asked his sister to instruct the Respondent but she had failed to
do so. However, at the hearing before the Tribunal, the Respondent changed his
position, saying that he received a telephone call from the client’s sister at
the last minute, on 18 or 19 April 2015, asking him to assist the client in
the appeal. Later, under cross-examination, the Respondent claimed for the
first time that he had not signed the 20 April Letter. Instead, he said he had
instructed a paralegal to draft the 20 April Letter and had not checked it
before it was signed by Mr Singh and sent off.

43 The Law Society’s position was that the Second Statement was untrue because
the Respondent clearly had instructions to act for the client from much
earlier. This was evident, among other things, from the fact that the
Respondent had appeared on the client’s behalf at all the PTCs and related
hearings in the matter. The Law Society further relied on correspondence
between the AGC and the Singapore Prison Service (“Prisons”). On 30 April
2015, the AGC wrote to the Prisons, informing it of the Second and Third
Statements made by the Respondent, and seeking confirmation on the following
matters:

(i) whether [the Respondent] or any member of his law firm had visited the
[client] in prison throughout the period from 31 December 2014 to 20 April
2015, and if so, details of when such visits took place;

[ii] whether [the Respondent] had tried to make appointments to visit the
[client] in prison throughout the period from 31 December 2014 to 20 April
2015 but was unable to do so due to a lack of visitation slots or any other
reason; and

[iii] whether there were any letter correspondence between the [client] and
[the Respondent] that the [client] had indicated that he would like [the
Respondent] to represent and act for him in respect of the appeal; and if so,
could [the AGC] be provided with a copy of the correspondence.

44 In its reply on 5 May 2015, the Prisons replied as follows:

2\. [The Respondent] or any member from his law firm did not visit the
[client] for the period from 31 December 2014 to 20 April 2015. [The
Respondent’s] last interview session with the [client] was 19 April 2014 when
the [client] was still in remand.

3\. [The Respondent] did not make any appointment via our Visitors Management
System (VMS) to interview the [client] or write in to request for an interview
session.

4\. There was no outgoing letter from the [client] to [the Respondent] and no
incoming letter address[ed] to the [client] by [the Respondent].

5\. The [client] had indicated to [P]risons that [the Respondent] is
representing him. He mentioned that [the Respondent] was also present during
the pre-trial conferences.

6\. The [client] had written on the submission of skeletal argument[s] for his
appeal that his lawyer will be submitting the skeletal argument[s]. …

45 The Respondent conceded that the Third Statement was “inaccurate” but
disagreed that it was “false” because he asserted that there was no dishonest
intention to mislead the Court. Further, he argued that the letter from the
Prisons “neither confirmed nor denied that the Respondent’s reason for [not
making any appointment to interview his client] was because there was a lack
of visit slots”.

The Tribunal’s findings

46 In relation to the First Statement, the Tribunal accepted (at [61] of its
decision in Udeh Kumar (C3J/OS 5/2016)) that the Respondent likely did not
know how to operate the e-Litigation system and left his staff to attend to
the actual preparation and filing of the document in the system. However, the
Tribunal considered that the Respondent would have given instructions for
composing the request for the adjournment. The Respondent knew from his
previous correspondence that he had not asked the AGC about its availability,
and that the AGC was in any event not agreeable to a further adjournment. It
was thus reckless of the Respondent not to convey this to his staff, or to
check that these important details were brought to Tay J’s attention. As a
consequence, Tay J was misled into adjourning the hearing because it appeared
that the adjournment was being sought by consent (at [62]-[63] of its decision
in Udeh Kumar (C3J/OS 5/2016)).

47 In relation to the Second Statement, the Tribunal did not believe the
Respondent’s statement that he had received a call from the client’s sister on
18 or 19 April 2015. Instead, the Tribunal held that the client had informed
the Respondent at the outset that he was to assist in the appeal but the
Respondent did not follow up on this until his memory was triggered when he
saw the hearing list (at [154]-[155] of its decision in Udeh Kumar (C3J/OS
5/2016)). The Second Statement was therefore false. As for the Third
Statement, the Respondent had himself admitted that it was inaccurate. The
Tribunal also rejected the Respondent’s assertion under cross-examination that
he did not draft the 20 April Letter containing the Second and Third
Statements, given that this was not stated in his AEIC, and none of his staff
members were called as witnesses. The Tribunal further held that even if he
did not prepare the 20 April Letter himself, he would, in any event, have been
reckless in not checking it before it was sent out (at [157]-[168] of its
decision in Udeh Kumar (C3J/OS 5/2016)).

Our decision

48 In our judgment, the Respondent must have made the First Statement knowing
that it was false. With respect, we were unable to agree with the Tribunal in
its acceptance of the version of events that the Respondent put forward at the
hearing to the effect that the request had been submitted by his staff.
Instead, we were satisfied that the true version was that stated in the
Respondent’s Defence and in his AEIC, in which he stated that he had submitted
the request personally. In our judgment, the Respondent’s Defence and AEIC
should be accorded significantly greater weight than what he said under cross-
examination. This was because the Respondent, as an advocate and solicitor
experienced in litigation, would have known the crucial importance of putting
forward his stance accurately at the first opportunity, especially when faced
with charges of such a serious nature. In this regard, he must have been aware
of the difference between saying that he had sent the request himself, and
saying that he had instructed his staff to do so. If the latter were indeed
true, it is inconceivable that he would not have made this clear from the
outset, and only advanced this under cross-examination.

49 Even if we were to accept that the request had been sent by the
Respondent’s staff, we would have found it impossible to believe that the
staff member in question acted on his own without the Respondent’s
instructions in (a) sending the request with the (false) First Statement, and
(b) also deciding not to copy the AGC on this correspondence since this would
immediately have exposed the falsehood. There was also no basis at all for us
to accept the Respondent’s final version of the events at the hearing before
the Tribunal, given that the staff member in question was not called to give
evidence as to how or why he had allegedly come to do that which the
Respondent finally contended had been done.

50 As for the Second Statement, we were similarly satisfied that the
Respondent made it knowing that it was false. Again, there was a material
shift in his position at the hearing before the Tribunal, which could not be
reconciled with the position he had taken in his AEIC. In particular, the
Respondent said in his AEIC that the client told him that his sister had meant
but failed to contact the Respondent, whereas under cross-examination, he said
that the client’s sister did contact him on 18 or 19 April 2015. For the same
reasons as those stated above, we find the version in his AEIC more compelling
than the narrative that he belatedly introduced when he was cross-examined.

51 Furthermore, the sequence of events demonstrated plainly that the
Respondent had been representing the client through the course of the matter:

(a) The client was convicted on 31 December 2014;

(b) On 5 January 2015, the Respondent attended a PTC and informed the court
that he had instructions to file an appeal against the conviction and that he
would do so after the client had been sentenced;

(c) At the sentencing hearing on 8 January 2015, the Respondent again informed
the court that he had instructions to file an appeal against the client’s
conviction;

(d) On 3 February 2015, at another PTC in respect of the client’s stood-down
charges, the Respondent requested a one-week adjournment on the ground that he
had to check with the Prisons on the status of the appeal; and

(e) On 3 March 2015, to which the PTC had subsequently been adjourned, the
Respondent requested another three-week adjournment of the matter to “take
instructions”.

52 This conclusion is also consistent with paragraph 5 of the letter from the
Prisons (see [44] above), which stated that the client had indicated that the
Respondent was representing him. Indeed, when the client was asked to submit
skeletal arguments for the appeal, he declined to do so and stated on 6 April
2015 (which is before the Respondent claimed that the client’s sister had
contacted him) that he was “told by [his] lawyer” that the latter would be
submitting the skeletal arguments on his behalf.

53 Finally, in relation to the Third Statement, the Respondent admitted that
it was “inaccurate”. Indeed, paragraphs 2 and 3 of the letter from the Prisons
reveal that the Respondent had not even attempted to make any request to visit
the client in the four-month period from 31 December 2014 to 20 April 2015.
According to the Prisons, the Respondent’s last visit had taken place about
eight months before the client was convicted. This was in spite of the
adjournment the Respondent sought allegedly in order to take instructions from
the client (see [51(e)] above). Thus, when the Respondent made the Third
Statement, he must also have made it knowing that it was untrue.

54 For completeness, we add that we disbelieved the Respondent’s belated
assertion under cross-examination that he did not draft or sign the 20 April
Letter containing the Second and Third Statements. This claim was, in our
judgment, an afterthought. We therefore placed no weight on it.

55 For these reasons, we were satisfied that the Respondent, in making each of
the three statements, had been fraudulent in his dealings with the court. In
this regard, we echo the observations of Rajah JA in Bachoo Mohan Singh at
[113]-[114]:

113 It is trite that a solicitor, being an officer of the court, owes a
paramount duty to the court… This paramountcy is justified by reason of “the
court” being the embodiment of the public interest in the administration of
justice…

114 A crucial aspect of this multi-faceted responsibility is the duty not to
mislead the court, also known as the duty of candour…Indeed, this duty is a
touchstone of our adversarial system which is based upon the faithful
discharge by an advocate and solicitor of this duty to the court. The duty
applies when performing any act in the course of practice…

[emphasis in original]

Given the critical nature of the advocate and solicitor’s duty of candour, we
considered that the misconduct outlined in the Group 2 Charges also
constituted improper conduct under s 83(2)(b) of the LPA. The Respondent had
violated another of the most fundamental duties owed by an advocate and
solicitor, as an officer of the court. We were also satisfied that due cause
was made out for this set of charges in view of the seriousness of the
charges, which essentially revealed separate occasions on which the Respondent
deliberately made statements to the court, which he knew to be false.

Group 3 Charges: advising a client to obtain a medical certificate under false
pretences

56 The Group 3 Charges concerned events that culminated in the Respondent
advising one of his clients to obtain a medical certificate under false
pretences to excuse his absence from court. This was the subject of the 1st,
2nd and 14th charges in C3J/OS 1/2017.

The charges

57 The 1st charge in C3J/OS 1/2017 asserted that the Respondent failed to
inform the client of a court mention on 16 December 2014 (“the 16 December
Hearing”), in which the client was due to plead guilty. Being unaware of the
mention, the client did not attend court on that day and this resulted in a
warrant of arrest being issued against him. The Respondent’s conduct evidently
constituted a breach of Rule 17 of the PCR, which provides:

Keeping client informed

17\. An advocate and solicitor shall keep the client reasonably informed of
the progress of the client’s matter.

58 The 2nd charge in C3J/OS 1/2017 alleged that the Respondent failed to
advise the client to surrender himself once the warrant of arrest (referred to
in the 1st charge) had been issued against him. The act of the Respondent in
the 2nd charge was alleged to be grossly improper conduct under s 83(2)(b) of
the LPA. Section 83(2)(b) of the LPA states:

Power to strike off roll, etc.

83.— …

(2) Subject to subsection (7), such due cause may be shown by proof that an
advocate and solicitor —

…

(b) has been guilty of fraudulent or grossly improper conduct in the discharge
of his professional duty or guilty of such a breach of any usage or rule of
conduct made by the Council under the provision of this Act as amounts to
improper conduct or practice as an advocate and solicitor…

59 Finally, the 14th charge in C3J/OS 1/2017 stated that the Respondent
advised the client to obtain a medical certificate under false pretences to
excuse himself from the 16 December Hearing. This was said to be a breach of
Rule 56 of the PCR (see [32] above), and was the most serious of this cluster
of charges against the Respondent.

60 For convenience, the sequence of the undisputed events in relation to the
Group 3 Charges may be summarised as follows:

Date| Event  
---|---  
16 December 2014| Plead guilty court mention. The client was absent as the
Respondent had not informed him of the hearing date. A warrant of arrest was
issued against the client.  
16 December 2014 – 31 January 2015| The client did not voluntarily surrender
in response to the warrant of arrest.  
1 February 2015| The client was arrested for another matter.  
2 February 2015| The client was charged in court for the other matter. He
informed the court that he wanted the Respondent to act for him in this matter
as well. The matter was adjourned for two weeks.  
16 February 2015| Further mention in relation to the other matter. The client
attended by video link. He applied for bail in relation to this matter but the
Prosecution objected to his application on the basis of his absence from the
16 December Hearing. He was recorded to have made several allegations against
the Respondent outlined at [67] below in seeking to justify his absence from
the 16 December Hearing.  
  
The parties’ cases

The 1st charge

61 In relation to the 1st charge, the Respondent admitted in his Defence and
AEIC that the 16 December Hearing was fixed at a previous hearing on 20
November 2014. He added that “most unfortunately, due to an inadvertence”, he
had failed to inform the client personally of the date, and the client did not
attend the 16 December Hearing. He confirmed this before the Tribunal.

62 However, the Respondent submitted that he had not breached Rule 17 of the
PCR for two reasons. First, his firm’s practice of updating clients of mention
dates (by phone call or messages rather than letters) was a reasonable one and
he had allegedly tried to do so in this case. Further, according to the
Respondent, those parties who attended a hearing would receive a mention slip
from the court stipulating the next mention date; it was not incumbent on him
in such circumstances to remind his client once again of a fresh mention date.
In the present case, since the client had attended the previous hearing on 20
November 2014, he must have received a mention slip informing him of the 16
December Hearing. There was no need for the Respondent to remind him of it
again.

63 Second, even if the court was of the view that the client had not received
a mention slip, the Respondent had already done his best to inform the client
of the 16 December Hearing date. In particular, when he realised on 15
December 2014 that he had forgotten to remind the client of the 16 December
Hearing, he immediately tried to call the client and his wife several times,
but could not reach them. He then called the client’s land line, spoke to his
mother-in-law, and requested that she pass on the message to the client.
However, the client denied all these and contended that the Respondent had
only contacted his mother, and even then only after the 16 December Hearing.

The 2nd charge

64 In relation to the 2nd charge, the Respondent’s position was that after the
16 December Hearing when the warrant of arrest had been issued, he tried to
contact the client but could not reach him. He then called and spoke to the
client’s wife and informed her that a warrant of arrest had been issued and
that the client ought to surrender himself to the court immediately.

65 The client gave a different version of events. He said that the Respondent
only left a message with his mother requesting him to call the Respondent. On
the same day, the client called the Respondent and learnt that the warrant of
arrest had been issued against him. He was “shocked and nervous” and asked the
Respondent what to do. The Respondent told the client to “see him soonest”.
The client duly met the Respondent on 20 December 2014. Because the warrant of
arrest had been issued, the client claimed that he was afraid to return home.
He was advised by the Respondent to stay with his sister for the time being
“in order … to escape from being arrested”. The client denied that the
Respondent had informed his wife that he should surrender himself immediately.
Instead, the client said that the Respondent had told him that the Respondent
would “settle the Warrant of Arrest issue for [him]”.

The 14th charge

66 In relation to the 14th charge, it was undisputed that a medical memorandum
(“the memo”) dated 22 December 2014 was issued by Dr Goh Hsin Kai of
Healthwerkz Medical Centre. The memo stated that the client suffered from
“chronic episodic back pain”, which was exacerbated around 12 December 2014
(that is, before the 16 December Hearing). The condition apparently caused
marked back stiffness which worsened with movement. The memo requested that
the client be “grant[ed]…the needed leave and excuses at work or in any other
circumstances”. It was also undisputed that the memo was not ultimately
submitted to the court. However, the parties differed on the purpose of the
memo, and whether the memo was procured under false pretences at the
instigation of the Respondent.

67 The Law Society’s case was that the Respondent had told the client to
procure the memo under false pretences in order to excuse his absence from the
16 December Hearing. This was based on (a) the minute sheet of the hearing on
16 February 2015, as well as (b) the client’s evidence. The minute sheet
recorded the following:

[The Respondent] took a [plead guilty (“PG”)] mention date from Court 17 for
[the client] to PG in Court 18 on 16/12/2014 but on that day, [the client] was
absent. Warrant of arrest was issued. [The client] was arrested [for another
matter] and brought before Court 26 where he claimed that it was [the
Respondent]’s fault that he was absent as [the Respondent] did not inform him
about the PG date. [The Respondent] said he could not reach [the client] and
thus left word with his in-laws. He said he overlooked writing to [the
client]. [The Respondent] did speak with [the client] on 16/12/2014 after the
Warrant of arrest was issued. [The client] was asked why he did not
immediately go to court after he spoke with [the Respondent] on 16/12/2014 and
[the client] said that [the Respondent] told him to go see a doctor if he
“wants to save his ass”. [The Respondent] could not explain why he did not get
[the client] to surrender himself earlier.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

According to the Law Society, it was simply incredible that the Respondent did
not express any shock or surprise when a serious allegation – especially one
which he vehemently insisted was false – was made by the client to the court
in his presence, to the effect that the Respondent had urged the client to see
a doctor to try to exonerate himself.

68 The client’s evidence was that he spoke to the Respondent on 16 December
2014 and met him on 20 December 2014 (see [65] above). At the meeting, the
Respondent told him that he needed to obtain a memo from his doctor for the
purposes of explaining his absence from the 16 December Hearing. Under cross-
examination, when asked how his medical condition was brought up during that
discussion, the client said that the Respondent had asked him if there was any
reason for him to go to the doctor, and he had reported that he suffered from
“back pain”. The Respondent then told him to use this reason to visit the
doctor in order to obtain the memo. The Respondent also told the client that
he could arrange the memo for the client for $300; alternatively the client
could get the memo himself. The client chose the latter option. After
obtaining the memo, the client handed it to the Respondent and the Respondent
assured the client that he would settle the matter.

69 The Respondent denied the client’s version of events. First, he disputed
that the memo had been obtained under false pretences; instead, he argued that
the client’s backache was a genuine medical condition and it had been raised
by the client’s wife when she learnt that the warrant of arrest had been
issued against the client. It was in this context that the Respondent
requested that a memo be obtained so that he could produce it in court.
Second, he denied that the memo was obtained for the purpose of excusing the
client’s absence from the 16 December Hearing; instead, he said it was meant
to justify the client’s failure to immediately surrender himself in response
to the warrant of arrest. The Respondent argued that he had already informed
the court about his mistake in failing to inform the client of the 16 December
Hearing date. Thus, it was not necessary to also produce the memo in order to
exonerate the client. Third, the Respondent sought to cast doubt on the
client’s version of events, arguing that the client had failed to bring up the
issue of the memo when he was first produced in court to face the fresh charge
on 2 February 2015. Instead, he had only mentioned this when he attended court
for a further mention in relation to the fresh charge on 16 February 2015 and
the Prosecution had objected to his bail application in respect of the fresh
charge on the basis of his absence from the 16 December Hearing. We note in
passing that this last point seems to confirm that the memo was mentioned in
connection with the client’s absence from the 16 December Hearing contrary to
what the Respondent contends.

The Tribunal’s findings

70 In relation to the 1st charge, the Tribunal observed that it was important
that clients be kept informed of court dates because the consequences of not
attending court when required are serious. It also held that it would be good
practice for advocates and solicitors to make an extra effort to send letters
or emails to their clients as well. The Tribunal found that the Respondent
contravened Rule 17 of the PCR and was guilty of misconduct under s 83(2)(b)
of the LPA: at [24]-[25] of its decision in Udeh Kumar (C3J/OS 1/2017).

71 In relation to the 2nd charge, the Tribunal found that even if the
Respondent’s version was to be accepted, he had not taken sufficient steps to
discharge his duty to inform the Respondent to surrender himself. He was thus
guilty of grossly improper conduct as an advocate and solicitor under s
83(2)(b) of the LPA: at [28]-[29] of its decision in Udeh Kumar (C3J/OS
1/2017).

72 In relation to the 14th charge, the Tribunal relied on the minute sheet of
the DJ (see [67] above) and found the failure of the Respondent to respond in
court to the client’s grave allegation “troubling and detrimental”. The
Tribunal held that the Respondent could easily have clarified his position in
court, but the minute sheet recorded that “[the Respondent] could not explain
why he did not get his client to surrender himself earlier” [emphasis added].

73 The Tribunal also found that the Respondent in advising the client to
obtain a medical certificate under false pretences had acted wrongfully and
with the intention to subvert the course of justice; it did not matter that
this was not fully executed, in that the memo was not in the end submitted to
the court. This was especially so because the 14th charge was not brought
under Rule 56 of the PCR (on the duty to not mislead or deceive the court),
but under s 83(2)(b) of the LPA: at [82]-[83] of its decision in Udeh Kumar
(C3J/OS 1/2017).

Our decision

The 1st charge

74 Although the client did not dispute that he attended the hearing on 20
November 2014 (when the 16 December Hearing was fixed), there was no evidence
that he was issued a mention slip at that hearing. In any case, even assuming
that the client had indeed been issued with a mention slip, this would not
absolve the Respondent of his own duty to remind the client of the hearing
date. The need to keep the client informed was all the more important in the
context of criminal proceedings, in which the consequences of not attending a
court hearing as required are serious.

75 The assertion that the Respondent had done his best to inform the client of
the mention date on 15 December 2014 was equally without merit. First, we
noted that the client disagreed that the Respondent had taken these steps at
all. But even if the Respondent’s version were true, the attempts were belated
and insufficient to discharge his duty under Rule 17 of the PCR. This was
especially the case because the 16 December Hearing had been fixed at the
previous hearing on 20 November 2014. The Respondent thus had 25 days before
the 16 December Hearing to inform the client of the hearing date. On the
Respondent’s own account, he first attempted to contact the client in the
evening of 15 December 2014, at about 4 pm or 5pm, when the hearing was
scheduled to be held at around 9.30am the next day. His inaction in the 24
days preceding his first alleged attempt to contact the client was wholly
unjustifiable. In our judgment, the Respondent was simply derelict in the
basic duties he owed his client.

76 Moreover, even taking the Respondent’s case at its highest, he only
informed the client’s mother-in-law but had not kept the client reasonably
informed of the mention date, which was the crux of his duty under Rule 17 of
the PCR.

The 2nd charge

77 In relation to the 2nd charge, the Respondent insisted that he had informed
the client’s wife of the need for the client to surrender immediately.
However, the client emphatically denied that the Respondent had spoken to his
wife. If the Respondent did, the client argued, he would have been aware of
it. This was evident from the following extract of the transcript:

Q And you are aware that [the Respondent] had said that he had contacted your
wife?

A No, he ---

Q You’re not aware?

A No, because my wife is always with me. So we staying together. So if [the
Respondent] call my wife, I should know.

[emphasis added]

78 Further, the client was not cross-examined on a related allegation in the
client’s AEIC that the Respondent had advised him to stay with his sister
temporarily in order to escape arrest. Although this was not the subject of
the 2nd charge, this unrefuted allegation was simply incompatible with the
Respondent’s case that he had advised the client to surrender himself. In the
circumstances, we prefer the client’s evidence on this issue.

The 14th charge

79 Finally, in relation to the 14th charge, we agreed with the Tribunal that
the absence of any explanation from the Respondent in the face of the client’s
serious allegations was most troubling. The Respondent did not deny that the
client had made those allegations against him. His case before us was that he
did not respond because he wished to protect solicitor-client privilege. But
if the client’s accusations, which were extremely serious, were false, the
relationship of trust between the Respondent and the client would have
irretrievably broken down. In those circumstances, the only course of action
open to the Respondent would have been to inform the court that the
accusations were wholly untrue, and then apply to discharge himself. In this
regard, we refer to Prof Pinsler’s observation in PCR Comment (at 412) that an
advocate and solicitor may be required to “terminate his professional
relationship with his client when circumstances have arisen which make it
difficult or impossible for him to continue acting in a manner consistent with
his position as an officer of the court”. This principle is encapsulated in
Rule 57(a) of the PCR, which states:

Client’s perjury or fraud

57. If at any time before judgment is delivered in any case, an advocate and solicitor becomes aware that his client has committed perjury or has otherwise been guilty of fraud upon the Court, the advocate and solicitor —

(a) may apply for a discharge from acting further in the case …

[emphasis added]

Since the Respondent’s position was that the client made untruthful statements
in trying to persuade the court to grant him his bail application for the
fresh charge, this would have amounted to a fraud upon the court, and the
Respondent ought to have applied immediately to terminate the solicitor-client
relationship. This is all the more so where, as here, the statements were
directed squarely at the Respondent and alleged that he had acted most
improperly.

80 As to the Respondent’s argument that the memo was for the purposes of
excusing the client’s failure to immediately surrender to the warrant of
arrest, rather than to justify his absence from the 16 December Hearing, this
left no impression on us. This was so for two reasons. First, we agreed with
the Tribunal (at [81] of its decision in Udeh Kumar (C3J/OS 1/2017)) that the
memo could nonetheless have been useful even if the Respondent had already
told the court about his failure to inform the client of the 16 December
Hearing date, because it would show that the client would not have been able
to attend the 16 December Hearing in any event due to his medical condition.

81 Second, although we appreciated that a strict literal reading of the minute
sheet (at [67] above) might give the impression that two explanations were
provided by the client in response to two separate questions from the court
directed at (a) why he was absent from the 16 December Hearing; and (b) why he
did not surrender immediately, we were satisfied from reading the minute sheet
as a whole that the key issue that was dealt with at the hearing was the
reason for the client’s absence from the 16 December Hearing. The memo was, in
our judgment, procured with a view to excusing the same. Thus, the
Respondent’s insistence that the memo had been obtained only to excuse the
client’s failure to immediately surrender to the warrant of arrest was
unsustainable.

82 Finally, when evaluating the client’s evidence as against the Respondent’s,
we preferred the client’s evidence because we could see no conceivable reason
for the client to lie. Even if he was seeking at the hearing on 16 February
2015 to persuade the DJ to grant his bail application, he would have been able
to justify his absence from the 16 December Hearing on the sole basis that the
Respondent failed to inform him of the hearing date. There was no need for him
to go on and make a specific allegation that the Respondent had told him to
procure the memo – unless this was the truth. It should be noted that the
client was not the complainant in these proceedings and had nothing to gain
from the Respondent’s conviction. There was also no evidence that the client
had any personal animosity towards the Respondent. Indeed, he had already been
released from prison for his offences, and was gainfully employed at the time
of the hearing before the Tribunal.

83 For these reasons, we found that the Respondent’s conduct was grossly
improper under s 83(2)(b) of the LPA. We were also amply satisfied that due
cause was found in relation to the Group 3 Charges given their gravity.

Conclusion on conviction

84 In sum, all the 11 charges before us were made out and constituted improper
conduct under s 83(2)(b) of the LPA. We were also satisfied that due cause
existed in relation to each charge. In the end, what was common in all these
charges was that they went to the heart of the relationship between the
Respondent, as an officer of the court, and the court itself, in connection
with its core function of administering justice. In our judgment, this
exacerbated the gravity of the offences.

85 In that light, we turn to the question of sentence.

Sentence

Sentencing principles

86 The general sentencing principles underlying the determination of the
appropriate penalty in cases of disciplinary proceedings are well established:
see Law Society of Singapore v Chiong Chin May Selena [2005] 4 SLR(R) 320 at
[26] and Law Society of Singapore v Ravindra Samuel [1999] 1 SLR(R) 266
(“Ravindra Samuel”) at [11]. The sentencing objectives in this context
include:

(a) Upholding public confidence in the administration of justice;

(b) Safeguarding the collective interest in upholding the standing of the
legal profession;

(c) Punishment of the errant solicitor for his misconduct; and

(d) Deterrence against similar offences by like-minded solicitors by leaving
“no doubt as to the standards to be observed by other practitioners”.

87 Where there are multiple instances of misconduct complained of, the court
will view the misconduct in totality and determine the overall gravity in
determining the appropriate sentence: Law Society of Singapore v Yap Bock Heng
Christopher [2014] 4 SLR 877 at [27]. With these principles in mind, we turn
to examine the aggravating and mitigating factors in the present case.

Aggravating factors

88 The first aggravating factor highlighted by the Law Society was the
Respondent’s seniority. As mentioned at the beginning of this judgment, the
Respondent was a senior practitioner of about 29 years’ standing. The case law
is clear that the more senior an advocate and solicitor, the more damage he
does to the integrity of the legal profession: Law Society of Singapore v
Nathan Edmund [1998] 2 SLR(R) 905 (“Nathan Edmund”) at [33]. Hence, a more
onerous sentence may be warranted in such circumstances.

89 The next aggravating factor was the Respondent’s past conduct. Section
83(5) of the LPA states that “the court may in addition to the facts of the
case take into account the past conduct of the person concerned in order to
determine what order should be made”. In particular, in Law Society of
Singapore v Ng Bock Hoh Dixon [2012] 1 SLR 348 (“Ng Bock Hoh Dixon”) at [35],
the court held that “[t]he fact that an advocate and solicitor had previously
committed a similar disciplinary offence is a significant aggravating factor
that the court will consider in determining the appropriate sanction”. This is
especially the case if the similar offences in the past demonstrate a
“propensity” for the commission of such offences, so that the offence at hand
cannot be seen as just a “discrete and momentary lapse of judgment”.

90 The Law Society highlighted a string of previous disciplinary offences that
the Respondent had been convicted of and punished for. These included a
suspension of three months in 2013 for failing to communicate directly with
his client in relation to the sale of a flat and failing to keep the client
reasonably informed of the progress of the sale of the flat. In that case, the
court found that the Respondent’s actions amounted to a “total abdication of
his duty”: see Law Society of Singapore v Udeh Kumar s/o Sethuraju [2013] 3
SLR 875 at [66]. In another instance in 2011, the Respondent was fined $1,000
for failing to keep his client informed of the basis on which his fees would
be charged.

91 More significantly, the Respondent had previously committed several similar
disciplinary offences of being late for or absent from court hearings and
causing unnecessary adjournments (the subject of the Group 1 Charges):

(a) In The Law Society of Singapore v Udeh Kumar S/O Sethuraju [2014] SGDT 9
(“the 2014 Hearing”), the Respondent was convicted of one charge involving
four instances of non-attendance in court and three instances of non-
compliance with court directions. Although no cause of sufficient gravity was
found under s 83 of the LPA, the Respondent was ordered to pay a penalty of
$20,000. The disciplinary tribunal observed (at [11]) that the Respondent has
had a “history of poor case management which runs over a period of years and
was so troubling that the Chief District Judge of the then Subordinate Courts
had counselled him about his repeated failures to and lateness in attending
court and urged him to change his ways”.

(b) On 20 March 2014, the Council of the Law Society imposed a penalty of
$10,000 on the Respondent for the 22 occasions between August 2010 and August
2012 on which the Respondent had, among other things, failed to attend court
at the appointed time or had been late in his attendance.

(c) On 30 April 2015, the Council of the Law Society imposed a fine of $15,000
on the Respondent for, among other things, “chronic non-attendance” by
“failing to attend Court at the appointed time on 4 occasions…and thereby
being disrespectful and disruptive to Court proceedings”.

(d) On 12 June 2015, the Council of the Law Society imposed a fine of $2,000
on the Respondent for failing to comply with the directions of the Inquiry
Committee appointed to inquire into a complaint lodged against him, failing to
turn up for the hearing into his complaint at the appointed time, failing to
notify the Inquiry Committee that he would be delayed and failing to give any
proper explanation for his lateness.

Mitigating factors

92 We turn to the mitigating factors that were urged upon us on the
Respondent’s behalf. The Respondent’s first argument was that his actions were
a result of overextending himself out of a desire to help all his clients. As
we have already indicated earlier, we were unable to accept this benign
characterisation of the Respondent’s misconduct. We agreed with the
observations of the disciplinary tribunal at the 2014 Hearing (at [12]) that
“[a] heavy caseload cannot be put forward as an excuse or mitigation for
repeated incidents of bad case management. [The Respondent’s] failure to
attend court and to comply with timelines does not reflect diligence or
responsibility towards his clients”. We were therefore disappointed that the
Respondent attempted to mount this ill-conceived argument once again. We
reiterate that the Respondent had full control over his timetable and should
have taken steps to ensure that he was not scheduled for multiple cases at the
same time. In failing to manage his schedule, he had done a disservice to his
clients and it was disingenuous for him to then suggest that he was to be
commended for his loyalty to them.

93 The Respondent also contended that he did not act with any malicious or
dishonest intent. We did not see this as a mitigating factor. In relation to
the Group 1 Charges, we concurred with the disciplinary tribunal which
conducted the 2014 Hearing (at [13]) that while the Respondent might not have
been “deliberately disdainful” towards the court, he “must have been aware”
that his conduct was “disrespectful towards the court…and disruptive to the
efficient progress of the proceedings” and that this was conduct “unacceptable
and unbefitting of an advocate and solicitor”. As for the Group 2 and Group 3
Charges, the alleged lack of a malicious intention is irrelevant when one is
concerned with the intentional making of a false statement.

94 The Respondent also pointed to the fact that on 31 August 2015, he had
given a solicitor’s undertaking that (a) he would not act as counsel or
instruct others in any new cases for a period of six months commencing from 7
September 2015; (b) his firm would not take on any new cases for a period of
six months commencing from 7 September 2015; and (c) his firm would endeavour
to clear all outstanding cases in this period. Although we were urged to
construe this as a step in the right direction, we were ultimately not
persuaded that this was motivated by genuine contrition; instead, we agreed
with the Tribunal (at [95] of decision in Udeh Kumar (C3J/OS 5/2016)) that the
undertaking was belatedly given on 31 August 2015, which was after the
commencement of the disciplinary proceedings that led to C3J/OS 5/2016 and did
not detract from his misconduct which was the subject matter of these
proceedings.

95 The Respondent further relied on the fact that he had been ordered to pay
costs personally in relation to OS 576 to submit that he had thereby already
been punished. In our judgment, this was misconceived. The imposition of such
an adverse costs order may demonstrate that the advocate and solicitor’s
conduct in relation to a particular matter is such that it calls for the court
to express its disapproval by such an order. But that has nothing to do with
the wider question of whether he has misconducted himself in such a way as to
warrant disciplinary action being taken against him by reason of that and
perhaps other matters. In keeping with this, it may also be noted that the
penalty reflected in the adverse costs order in OS 576 was obviously
insufficient in the context of the severity of the Respondent’s offences as a
whole and only served to confirm that his conduct in relation to that matter
was egregious (see [27] above).

96 Finally, the Respondent argued that in relation to the Group 1 Charges, the
consequences of his actions were not severe and the matters did substantially
progress. Again, this was not a relevant mitigating factor. The point was not
whether the cases ultimately progressed; instead, the crux of the matter was
that by being late and causing adjournments, the Respondent had hindered the
timely progress of the cases, undermined the efficiency of the administration
of justice, and disrespected the authority of the court.

97 In the circumstances, we found that there were no material mitigating
factors in this case.

The appropriate penalty

98 Under s 83(1) of the LPA, when due cause has been shown, an advocate and
solicitor is liable to be struck off the roll, to be suspended from practice
for a period not exceeding five years, to pay a penalty of up to $100,000, to
be censured, or to pay a penalty in addition to a suspension or censure.

99 At the hearing before us, counsel for the Law Society in each of the
Originating Summonses sought a suspension for a period of between 12 and 15
months. It was not clear to us whether the Law Society was urging this as an
aggregate sentence or as a sentence that was to be imposed in respect of each
of the Originating Summonses yielding an aggregate suspension of between 24
and 30 months.When queried on why the Law Society did not seek the more severe
penalty of striking off given that the gravamen of at least some of the
charges entailed a finding that Respondent had been dishonest, counsel for the
Law Society, Mr Siraj Omar (“Mr Omar”), indicated there was a “spectrum of
dishonesty”, and that because the Respondent’s conduct did not, for example,
involve the misappropriation of his clients’ funds, forgery or the like, a
suspension would be sufficient. We expressed some doubt over this approach,
and Mr Omar then clarified that while it was clear that every instance of
dishonesty was deserving of punishment, there was a “spectrum of punishment”
that might be imposed for different types of dishonest conduct.

100 In his submissions, the Respondent argued that even if due cause was
found, a fine would be sufficient. At the hearing before us, Mr Sreenivasan
departed from this and instead sought to persuade us that a suspension would
be adequate and that striking off was not warranted.

101 As evident from our observations in the preceding sections, the
Respondent’s misconduct was egregious and a fine would obviously be
insufficient. In fact, in our judgment, even a suspension for the period
sought by the Law Society would be grossly inadequate to reflect the gravity
of the Respondent’s offences. This left us with the question of whether the
most severe penalty of striking off was appropriate in the present case. As a
starting point, we were guided by the observations of Yong Pung How CJ in
Ravindra Samuel, where he considered the decision of Lord Bingham MR (as His
Lordship then was) in Bolton v Law Society [1994] 1 WLR 512 and set out the
following principles (at [15]):

(a) where a solicitor has acted dishonestly, the court will order that he be
struck off the roll of solicitors;

(b) if a solicitor is not shown to have acted dishonestly, but is shown to
have fallen below the required standards of integrity, probity and
trustworthiness, he will nonetheless be struck off the roll of solicitors, as
opposed to merely being suspended, if his lapse is such as to indicate that he
lacks the qualities of character and trustworthiness which are the necessary
attributes of a person entrusted with the responsibilities of a legal
practitioner.

[emphasis added]

102 In our judgment, the severity with which the court deals with any instance
of dishonesty is perhaps best exemplified in Law Society of Singapore v Choy
Chee Yean [2010] 3 SLR 560 (“Choy Chee Yean”). In that case, the respondent
pleaded guilty to and was convicted by the Hong Kong District Court of a
charge of burglary of several items from a hotel room. Among the extenuating
circumstances was the fact that the solicitor in that case was suffering from
Major Depressive Disorder at the time of the offence. He was sentenced to 12
months’ imprisonment, but recognising the exceptional circumstances, the court
suspended the sentence for two years. In his subsequent show cause proceedings
before this court, the respondent submitted that he ought not be struck off
the roll because he had not in fact been dishonest given that he had acted in
the midst of a psychiatric illness (at [19]). His evidence was that he had
pleaded guilty because of the real concern that his mental condition would
deteriorate further if he underwent a criminal trial, and he also wanted to
avoid the prospect of a longer period of incarceration should he be
unsuccessful at trial (at [9]). He asserted that he did not in fact possess
the requisite criminal intent of dishonesty at the time of the offence (at
[20]). While the court noted the strength of the extenuating circumstances, it
nonetheless ordered that the respondent be struck off the roll. Writing for
the court, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA emphasised as follows at [44] and [50]:

44 …Where the advocate and solicitor concerned has been guilty of dishonesty,
the court will almost invariably, no matter how strong the mitigating factors
advanced by the advocate and solicitor, order that he or she be struck off the
roll…

50 The legal profession cannot be seen to be tolerant of any act of dishonesty
on the part of an advocate and solicitor, even if the dishonesty has been of a
technical nature (such as in the present case). …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

103 Despite acknowledging that the respondent’s act was a single one-off act,
rather than a series of deliberate acts, and that he was suffering from a
psychiatric condition at the material time such that the dishonesty could be
described as “technical” in nature, the court held (at [46]) that the
precedents clearly established that the sanction of striking off could be (and
was, in that case) warranted.

104 We were therefore unable to accept Mr Omar’s suggestion that there is a
“spectrum of dishonesty” or a “spectrum of punishment” for different types of
dishonest conduct. In our view, it is clear that any form of dishonesty – even
“technical” dishonesty in the extenuating circumstances that were found in
Choy Chee Yean – would almost invariably lead to an order for striking off.
This is essentially a function of the special role that advocates and
solicitors have as officers of the court to assist in the administration of
justice.

105 From our review of the case law, there are at least three categories of
cases in which dishonest conduct has resulted in the striking off of an
advocate and solicitor. The first is when the advocate and solicitor has been
convicted of a criminal offence which implies a “defect of character”
rendering him unfit for the profession (see Law Society of Singapore v Tham Yu
Xian Rick [1999] 3 SLR(R) 68 at [13] and s 83(2)(a) of the LPA). These include
cases involving offences such as theft in a dwelling place (Choy Chee Yean;
Law Society of Singapore v Ong Lilian [2005] SGHC 187; Law Society of
Singapore v Amdad Hussein Lawrence [2000] 3 SLR(R) 23), criminal breach of
trust (Law Society of Singapore v Ezekiel Caleb Charles James [2004] 2 SLR(R)
256; Law Society of Singapore v Loh Wai Mun Daniel [2004] 2 SLR(R) 261),
attempted cheating (Nathan Edmund) and abetting a client to avoid attending
court by producing false medical certificates (Law Society of Singapore v
Dhanwant Singh [1996] 1 SLR(R) 1).

106 The second broad category of cases is where the advocate and solicitor
fails to deal appropriately with his client’s money or the firm’s accounts.
For example, in Ravindra Samuel, the respondent received two cash payments
from his clients which he failed to pay into the firm’s relevant accounts. On
one of these occasions, he also appended a false attendance note stating that
the client had not made payment. In Ng Bock Hoh Dixon, the respondent, amongst
other things, rendered a bill with a statement that he knew to be false and
failed to pay his client’s money into a client account. In Law Society of
Singapore v Lim Yee Kai [2001] 1 SLR(R) 30, the respondent used money from a
client’s account for his own purposes and failed to keep and maintain the
firm’s books of accounts.

107 Finally, and most pertinently for the present case, a striking off order
will be made where the advocate and solicitor is fraudulent in his dealings
with the court. In Law Society of Singapore v Nor’ain bte Abu Bakar and others
[2009] 1 SLR(R) 753, the first and third respondents were struck off the roll
for fraudulently concealing material facts from the court, which resulted in
an order being made for payment out to their client when it was not in fact
entitled to the money.

108 For completeness, we note that in Re Ram Goswami [1988] 2 SLR(R) 183, the
advocate and solicitor, while acting for one of his clients (a bailor) who was
ordered to show cause as to why his bail money should not be forfeited, made
submissions to the court in terms which he knew to be untrue. In essence, he
told the court that the bail money was 15 years’ worth of the bailor’s
savings, when this was not the case. In fact, the money had not even been
provided by the bailor. The court upheld the disciplinary committee’s finding
that it had been proven beyond reasonable doubt that the respondent was a
participant in an attempt to deceive the court, and ordered that he be
suspended from practice for six months. In our judgment, the sentence imposed
by the court was manifestly inadequate in the circumstances and should not be
followed.

109 In our judgment, where an advocate and solicitor is shown to have been
dishonest, including where he has been fraudulent in his dealings with the
court, striking off will typically be the sanction save in the most
exceptional circumstances. This is because an advocate and solicitor is an
officer of the court; indeed, his very designation is an advocate and
solicitor of the Supreme Court. The paramount duty of an advocate and
solicitor is his duty to the court. This is a multifaceted duty, but at its
core, it is a duty to assist the court in the due administration of justice
with integrity, honesty and rectitude. The court depends on its advocates to
discharge its own mission to dispense justice; we cannot do this if those we
count as our officers do not have even a basic understanding of their duties
and responsibilities, including in particular, the duty to be honest and
truthful. In this regard, we agree with the observations of V K Rajah J (as he
then was) in By Products at [35], where he said:

35 …[The duty not to mislead or deceive the court] is a sacred duty which
every court is entitled to expect every solicitor appearing before it to
unfailingly discharge. So overwhelming is the public interest in maintaining
the dignity and honour of the legal profession through the preservation of the
highest ethical and moral standards amongst solicitors that the courts cannot
risk allowing it to be compromised by even a few recalcitrant individuals
within the profession. If and when any such breaches come to light, they must
be dealt with swiftly and severely.

Conclusion on sentence

110 We conclude this analysis with the following observations of Yong CJ in
Ravindra Samuel at [12]-[13]:

12 … The administration of justice can only proceed on the basis that
solicitors can place reliance upon the honesty of the solicitors with whom
they deal. The public too must be able to repose confidence in a profession
which plays so indispensable a part in the administration of justice.
Similarly, the courts of this country must be able to depend on the honesty
and integrity of all practitioners appearing before them and to expect that
they will maintain the highest standards of personal honesty and integrity in
their dealings with the courts.

13 There is therefore a serious responsibility on the court, a duty to itself,
to the rest of the profession and to the whole of the community, to be careful
not to accredit any person as worthy of public confidence and therefore fit to
practise as an advocate and solicitor who cannot satisfactorily establish his
right to those credentials. In the end therefore, the question to be
determined is whether the solicitor in question is a fit and proper person to
be an advocate and solicitor of the court, and the orders to be made are to be
directed to ensuring that, to the extent that he is not, his practice is
restricted.

111 Those observations usefully frame the grave concerns we have with the
Respondent’s conduct. In the present case, the charges revealed a gross
failure by the Respondent to apprehend even the most fundamental duties of an
advocate and solicitor to the court. The Group 1 Charges showed that the
Respondent was recalcitrant in being utterly disrespectful to the courts over
a prolonged period of time, with antecedents demonstrating a persistent
pattern of similar behaviour over the course of several years. He remained
unrepentant despite the several penalties that had already been imposed on him
to little or no effect. As we have already noted, this was plainly not a case
of a momentary lapse or misjudgment. The Group 2 and Group 3 Charges revealed
that the Respondent had been fraudulent or dishonest in his dealings with the
court on several occasions.

112 Applying the principles we have considered to the circumstances of the
present case, we were satisfied that the proper order was to strike the
Respondent off the roll of advocates and solicitors and we so ordered. We also
made the usual orders against the Respondent for costs (including
disbursements) to be paid to the Law Society in each of the Originating
Summonses and the two hearings before the Tribunal.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Tay Yong Kwang  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Siraj Omar and Alexander Lee (Premier Law LLC) for the applicant in C3J/OS
5/2016;  
Vijai Parwani (Parwani Law LLC) for the applicant in C3J/OS 1/2017;  
N Sreenivasan SC and Jason Lim (Straits Law Practice LLC) and B Uthayachanran
(Essex LLC) for the respondent in C3J/OS 5/2016 and C3J/OS 1/2017.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 29 Oct 2020 (20:25 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

