Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 223

Originating Summons 209 of 2017

Between

ZYNERGY SOLAR PROJECTS & SERVICES PVT LTD

… Plaintiff

And

PHOENIX SOLAR PTE LTD

… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Arbitration] — [Award] — [Recourse against award] — [Setting aside]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Zynergy Solar Projects & Services Pvt Ltd

  

v

  

Phoenix Solar Pte Ltd

[2017] SGHC 223

High Court — Originating Summons No 209 of 2017  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
17 July 2017

13 September 2017

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 The plaintiff applied under s 24(b) of the International Arbitration Act
(Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the IAA”) to set aside an arbitral award made on 31
January 2017 between it and the defendant on grounds of breach of natural
justice, namely that the arbitrator had failed to consider the plaintiff’s
arguments. In the arbitration, the defendant (as claimant) had succeeded in
its claim against the plaintiff (as respondent) for the plaintiff’s breach of
its obligation under a debt settlement agreement to pay the defendant USD
500,000. I dismissed the application on 17 July 2017. The plaintiff has since
appealed and I now furnish the reasons for dismissing the plaintiff’s
application.

Background and the arbitration

2 The plaintiff’s subsidiary, Greatshine Holdings Pvt Ltd (“Greatshine”), and
the defendant entered into a supply contract on 27 June 2011 for the
development of a solar power plant in a village in India (“Supply Contract”).
The defendant and Alcetrona Energy Pvt Ltd concurrently issued a letter of
undertaking agreeing to be jointly and severally responsible to the plaintiff
for the completion of the project (“Letter of Undertaking”). The project’s
superintending engineer issued a completion certificate for the power plant on
28 January 2012 but the power plant faced many problems, such as serious
losses in power generation, discolouration and burn marks on thin film panels,
and failing inverters. These problems remained unresolved.

3 On 1 August 2013, the defendant, Greatshine, and the plaintiff entered into
a Debt Settlement Agreement (“the DSA”) acknowledging that Greatshine owed USD
1,405,794.00 to the defendant as at March 2012 under the Supply Contract. The
plaintiff agreed in the DSA to pay the defendant a “Residual Obligation” sum
amounting to USD 500,000. The plaintiff argued that it entered into this
contract in reliance on an express representation that the defendant would
work to resolve the underlying problems with the power plant.

4 The DSA provided for disputes to be resolved by arbitration. On 27 May 2016,
the defendant issued a notice of arbitration against the plaintiff. The
defendant claimed a sum of USD 500,000, being the plaintiff’s Residual
Obligation under the DSA, and the plaintiff counterclaimed for rescission of
the DSA, and in the alternative, losses for substantial failures of
performance of the solar power plant. On 31 January 2017, the sole arbitrator
(“the Arbitrator”) found for the defendant and awarded it the sum of USD
500,000 together with contractual interest at the rate of 9% per annum
calculated daily starting from the first day of delay (“the Award”).

The setting aside application

5 The plaintiff applied to set aside the Award on 28 February 2017 on grounds
of breach of natural justice. Specifically, it argued that the Arbitrator had
not given regard to the plaintiff’s submissions and arguments. It filed one
supporting affidavit dated 27 February 2017 (“the plaintiff’s supporting
affidavit”) and tendered skeletal submissions. Both the plaintiff’s supporting
affidavit and the skeletal submissions were substantially the same. Paragraphs
17 to 23 of the plaintiff’s supporting affidavit, forming the entirety of
their arguments on the alleged breach of natural justice, state:

17\. In the Award, the Sole Arbitrator concluded at paragraph [150] the
following:

“In any event, whether the Parties to the Supply Contract and the Letter of
Undertaking fully performed their obligations is not for the Sole Arbitrator
to decide as she is not seized of a dispute under those contracts and the
Parties do not allege that this question has any consequence of the Claimant’s
claim based on the Settlement Agreement”

(emphasis added)

18\. The Plaintiff had however pleaded that but for the Defendant’s express
representation that the Defendant will perform its obligations under the
Supply Contract and the Letter Of Undertaking by adequately addressing the
problems and defects with the Power Plant, the Plaintiff would not have
entered into the DAS.

19\. Given that the Defendant has failed to honour its obligation, the
Plaintiff pleaded that its liability under the DSA fell away.

20\. In disregarding the Plaintiff’s pleadings and submissions without
considering their merits, the Sole Arbitrator has misdirected herself by
concluding that Parties did not allege that the abovementioned question has
any consequence on the Claimant’s claim.

21\. Indeed, the Plaintiff’s principal argument was that the underlying
defects and failure by the Defendant to honour its obligation had a direct and
material impact on the Defendant’s claim.

22\. I verily believe that the Sole Arbitrator did not have regard to and did
not try to understand the submissions and arguments from the Plaintiff. I am
advised and verily believe that such conducts disregards the law and amounts
to a breach of natural justice.

(emphasis in original)

6 The plaintiff’s case was that it was evident from paragraph [150] of the
Award that the Arbitrator did not consider the impact of the defendant’s
fulfilment of its obligations under the Supply Contract and Letter of
Undertaking on the plaintiff’s obligations under the DSA. The Arbitrator did
not do so because the parties “[did] not allege that this question [had] any
consequence on the [plaintiff’s] claim based on the [DSA]”. The plaintiff
argued that this was untrue as its position was that it would not have entered
into the DSA without the defendant’s express representations and assurances
that the defendant would perform its obligations under the Supply Contract and
Letter of Undertaking by addressing the problems and defects with the power
plant. The Arbitrator was thus wrong in stating that the plaintiff did not
allege that the defendant’s conduct under the Supply Contract and Letter of
Undertaking had any consequence on the plaintiff’s obligations under the DSA.

7 The defendant’s general manager filed an affidavit in response to the
plaintiff’s supporting affidavit (“the defendant’s reply affidavit”) on 23
March 2017. The defendant’s reply affidavit pointed to specific paragraphs in
the Award dealing with the relevance of the defendant’s alleged
representations regarding the Supply Contract and Letter of Undertaking to the
plaintiff’s obligations under the DSA:

19\. As set out in paragraph 129 to 131 of the Award, the Sole Arbitrator
expressly considered the Plaintiff’s position regarding the Alleged
Representation. The Sole Arbitrator specifically noted the Plaintiff’s
defences of a breach of an oral collateral contract and, in the alternative,
rescission/damages arising from misrepresentation.

20\. I am advised and verily believe that the Sole Arbitrator rejected these
arguments. The relevant extracts of the Award are as follows:

“144. … The Respondent submitted in substance the following defences to
explain its failure to pay the Residual Obligation.

…

146\. Second, the Respondent submits that the Power Plant was affected by many
defects which were brought to the Claimant’s attention on many occasions. Had
the Claimant fulfilled its oral promises to support GSH to overcome the
defects, GSH would have paid its due under the Supply Contract.

147\. Third, the Respondent alleges that it would not have entered into the
Settlement Agreement save for the Claimant’s express representation that it
would assist in resolving the problems with the Power Plant. …

148\. Fourth and finally, the Respondent submits that the Parties entered into
an oral collateral contract in parallel to the Settlement Agreement whereby
the Claimant agreed to resolve the defects affecting the Power Plant. Given
the Claimant’s failure to honor the oral collateral contract the Respondent’s
liability under the Settlement Agreement falls way.

149\. The Sole Arbitrator considers that the first and second defences are
irrelevant to the issues in dispute for the following reasons. The Respondent
is not a party to the Supply Contract or the Letter of Undertaking. Hence, the
reasons why GSH concluded those contracts have no impact on the Respondent’s
obligations under the Settlement Agreement. …there is nothing in the Supply
Contract and the Letter of Undertaking that suggests that GHS’ payment was
condition upon the Claimant providing assistance in relation to the defects
affecting the Power Plant.

…

151\. Regarding the third defence, which relates to the alleged
misrepresentation by the Claimant, the Sole Arbitrator notes the following: In
accordance with the principles set out in Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann
Genevieve, fraudulent misrepresentation must be satisfied with a relatively
high standard of proof. That standard is not fulfilled in the present case.

…

156\. As regards the Respondent’s fourth defence, i.e. the conclusion of an
oral collateral contract by the Parties concurrently with the conclusion of
the Settlement Agreement, the Sole Arbitrator finds that, for the same reasons
set out above in paragraphs 151 to 155, there is no evidence on record of an
oral collateral contract concluded by the Parties.

(emphasis in original)

8 The plaintiff did not file a reply affidavit. The defendant also tendered
written submissions on 16 July 2017. During the hearing on 17 July 2017, the
plaintiff’s counsel stated that he would proceed on the written submissions as
they stood without making any further oral submissions. He stated that the
plaintiff was only trying to make a very narrow point, ie, that the Arbitrator
had not considered that the DSA had been conditioned on an underlying
collateral contract or certain representations made by the defendant. I
pointed out that the defendant had, in the defendant’s reply affidavit,
referred to specific paragraphs in the Award that appeared to have dealt with
the point the plaintiff was alleging that the Arbitrator had missed and asked
if the plaintiff had any response. The plaintiff’s counsel stated that he was
aware of the defendant’s reply affidavit but would not make any oral response
to those paragraphs; he would be relying on the plaintiff’s written
submissions instead. Counsel for the defendant argued that paragraph [150] of
the Award was taken out of context and the Arbitrator had clearly addressed
her mind to the plaintiff’s submissions and rejected them. After confirming
that the plaintiff’s position remained unchanged, I dismissed the application
with costs.

The court’s decision

9 A party challenging an arbitral award for breach of natural justice must
establish the rule of natural justice that was breached, how it was breached,
whether there was a causal link between the breach and the making of the
arbitral award, and how the breached prejudiced its rights: Soh Beng Tee & Co
Pte Ltd v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd [2003] 3 SLR(R) 86 at [29], AKN v ALC
[2015] 3 SLR 488 at [48] and ASG v ASH [2016] 5 SLR 54 at [53]. From its
submissions, the plaintiff appeared to be relying on the Arbitrator’s failure
to consider an issue pleaded by the plaintiff, ie, the defendant’s
representations and its impact on the plaintiff’s obligations under the DSA.
The threshold for setting aside an arbitral award for breach of natural
justice on the ground that the arbitrator had failed to consider an important
pleaded issue is high. Such a conclusion can usually only be reached by
inference, and such an inference is only drawn if it is “clear and virtually
inescapable”: see AKN v ALC at [46]. The plaintiff had to specifically show
that the Arbitrator did not apply her mind at all to that particular
submission; it would not be enough that she had rejected it, “whether
implicitly or otherwise, whether rightly or wrongly, and whether or not as a
result of its failure to comprehend the argument and so to appreciate its
merits” (AKN v ALC at [47], followed in ASG v ASH at [62]).

10 As the plaintiff chose not to make any additional oral submissions during
the hearing, the court’s decision was based on both parties’ affidavits and
written submissions. It was clear that, far from failing to consider the
argument, the Arbitrator had dealt with the defendant’s alleged representation
and its impact on the DSA comprehensively and had eventually rejected it.
Certain paragraphs of the Award (reproduced in the defendant’s reply
affidavit, see [6] above) made it obvious that the Arbitrator had considered
the significance of the defendant’s alleged representation on the plaintiff’s
obligations under the DSA under various legal doctrines and principles:

(a) First, the Arbitrator considered the plaintiff’s submission that
Greatshine would have paid its due under the Supply Contract had the defendant
fulfilled its oral promises to support Greatshine to resolve the problems at
the power plant. She rejected this because the plaintiff was not a party to
the Supply Contract or Letter of Undertaking and the reasons for Greatshine’s
failure to perform its obligations under those contracts were irrelevant to
the plaintiff’s obligations under the DSA (at paragraph [149] of the Award);

(b) Second, the Arbitrator considered the plaintiff’s submission that “it
would not have entered into the [DSA] save for the [defendant’s] express
representation that it would assist in resolving the problems with the [power
plant]”. This is the specific issue that the plaintiff claimed the Arbitrator
did not address. Not only did the Arbitrator expressly state the plaintiff’s
position (in paragraph [147] of the Award), she rejected it on the basis that
the requirements for fraudulent misrepresentation were not made out (at
paragraph [151] of the Award); and

(c) Third, the Arbitrator considered the plaintiff’s submission that the
parties had entered into an oral collateral contract in parallel to the DSA,
whereby the defendant agreed to resolve the power plant defects. This was
again an evaluation of the legal significance of the defendant’s alleged
representation. The Arbitrator found that there was no evidence of such an
oral contract (at paragraph [156] of the Award).

11 Having considered the parties’ submissions and the Award in more detail, it
is clear that the Arbitrator’s remarks at paragraph [150] that “[in] any
event, whether the Parties to the Supply Contract and the Letter of
Undertaking fully performed their obligations is not for the Sole Arbitrator
to decide as she is not seized of a dispute under those contracts and the
Parties do not allege that this question has any consequence on the
[defendant’s] claim based on the [DSA]” did not mean that she had not
considered the legal effect of the defendant’s alleged representations on the
plaintiff’s obligations under the DSA. In the preceding paragraphs, the
Arbitrator had carefully examined and rejected the plaintiff’s submissions in
relation to this issue. I accept the defendant’s submission that the
Arbitrator may simply have been making the point that “the disputes under the
Supply Contract and Letter of Undertaking did not by themselves have any
consequence on the DSA save insofar as they supported a finding of collateral
contract or misrepresentation”. The preceding paragraphs demonstrated her
attention to and disposal of these issues and there is no basis to draw the
inference that she had failed to consider the plaintiff’s submissions.

12 For completeness, I note that prejudice, the other element that has to be
fulfilled for a setting aside application under s 24(b) of the IAA (see [9]
above), was nothing more than a bare assertion in the plaintiff’s written
submissions.

13 Accordingly, I dismissed the plaintiff’s application to set aside the Award
on grounds of breach of natural justice, with costs fixed at $6,000.

  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge

P Padman (KSCGP Juris LLP) and Dennis Liu, instructing solicitor (Infinitus
Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;  
Chong Jia Hao and Sabrina Matthew (Legal Standard LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

