Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGCA 46

Civil Appeal No 152 of 2016

Between

LIM GEOK LIN ANDY  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

YAP JIN MENG BRYAN  
---  
  
… Respondent

Civil Appeal No 176 of 2016

Between

LIM GEOK LIN ANDY  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

YAP JIN MENG BRYAN  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Suit No 1057 of 2013

Between

LIM GEOK LIN ANDY  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

YAP JIN MENG BRYAN  
---  
  
… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Abuse of process]

[Contract] — [Variation] — [Oral agreement]

[Res judicata] — [Extended doctrine]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lim Geok Lin Andy

  
v

  

Yap Jin Meng Bryan and another appeal

[2017] SGCA 46

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeals Nos 152 and 176 of 2016  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Tay Yong Kwang JA  
2 May 2017

14 August 2017 Judgment reserved.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The present proceedings constitute two appeals. The first (Civil Appeal No
152 of 2016 (“CA 152”)) is an appeal against the decision of the High Court
judge (“the Judge”) in Lim Geok Lin Andy v Yap Jin Meng Bryan [2016] SGHC 234
(“the Judgment”), in which the Judge dismissed the plaintiff’s (“the
Appellant”) claim against the defendant (“the Respondent”) in Suit No 1057 of
2013 (“S 1057”). CA 152 is the main appeal. The second (Civil Appeal No 176 of
2016 (“CA 176”)) is an appeal against the decision of the Judge in Lim Geok
Lin Andy v Yap Jin Meng Bryan [2016] SGHC 261 (“the Supplemental Judgment”),
which dealt with the issue of costs.

2 As the Judge aptly put it, these proceedings constitute “yet another chapter
in the dispute between [the Respondent] and his former partners in his 2008
investment in properties located at … River Valley Road” (“the Properties”)
(see the Judgment at [1]). As we shall see, the previous “chapters” in this
narrative are, of crucial importance in the context of CA 152 – in particular
because they affect the issue of whether or not, given his involvement in
previous related proceedings, the claim by the Appellant in the present case
constituted an abuse of process pursuant to the broader doctrine of res
judicata laid down by the seminal English decision of Henderson v Henderson
(1843) 3 Hare 100; 67 ER 313 (“Henderson”) and ought therefore to be dismissed
on this basis alone. We shall consider this issue first (“Issue 1”). For the
reasons set out below, we find that there had indeed been an abuse of process
pursuant to the principle laid down in Henderson and therefore dismiss the
present appeal on this ground.

3 However, as the Judge also spent a substantial part of the Judgment
considering the Appellant’s claim on its merits, we will also consider this
particular issue (“Issue 2”) – although it is, strictly speaking, unnecessary
as the Appellant’s claim fails under Issue 1. For the reasons set out below,
we find that the Appellant has not made out his case against the Respondent
and we thus also find against the Appellant with regard to Issue 2.

4 In so far as the issue of costs that arises from the Supplemental Judgment
(“Issue 3”) is concerned (for which leave to appeal was granted by consent
vide High Court Originating Summons No 1324 of 2016), we allow the appeal for
the reasons set out below.

5 We will first turn to the facts of, and the background to, the present
appeals.

Facts and background

Parties to the dispute

6 The Appellant is a director in his family company, Kim Hup Lee & Co Pte Ltd,
a property developer. The Respondent was a managing director in the Global
Market division of Deutsche Bank Group until April 2008. Lim Koon Park
(“Park”) is an architect.

7 The Appellant had known the Respondent since their student days in the same
junior college. The Appellant had known Park since 2000. The Appellant
introduced Park to the Respondent in September 2006. Eventually, the three of
them agreed to bring together their different expertise for investment
purposes.

Background

Setting up of Riverwealth

8 The Appellant, the Respondent and Park entered into a joint venture to
acquire, redevelop and resell properties for profit. Riverwealth Pte Ltd
(“Riverwealth”) was incorporated on 28 September 2007 as a joint venture
vehicle for the acquisition of the Properties. The Properties were purchased
in late April 2008 for a total of $48.5m and the purchase was financed by a
$30m loan from Hong Leong Finance Limited (“HLF”) to Riverwealth which was
jointly and severally guaranteed by the Appellant, Respondent and Park, with
the balance provided by the Respondent to Riverwealth in the form of a
personal loan and injection of equity capital. There was allegedly an oral
agreement for profits from the sale of the Properties to be split in a 2:1:1
ratio (henceforth referred to as “the Initial Agreement”) among the
Respondent, Park and the Appellant, respectively. It was undisputed that the
Respondent paid for all the share capital in Riverwealth despite the
shareholding indicating otherwise. The shareholding in Riverwealth as of April
2008 was as follows:

S/N| Name | Percentage  
---|---|---  
1| The Respondent | 50%   
2| Park’s wife, Wee Pek Joon (“Wee”)| 25%  
3| The Appellant| 25%  
  
9 It is not disputed that Wee held the Riverwealth shares on Park’s behalf. On
19 November 2008, Riverwealth’s equity shareholding was restructured to comply
with the terms of the HLF loan, resulting in the following shareholding:

S/N| Name | Percentage  
---|---|---  
1| The Respondent| 74%  
2| Wee | 13%  
3| The Appellant| 13%  
  
The global financial crisis and breach of the HLF loan

10 It was originally envisaged by the parties that Riverwealth would try and
“flip” the Properties for profit within a few months of their purchase.
However, Riverwealth’s ownership of the Properties coincided with the onset of
the global financial crisis in 2008 and 2009, which made it difficult to sell
the Properties. One of the key terms of the HLF loan was that Riverwealth had
to submit final plans for the proposed development of the Properties by
October 2008, which term was not complied with. It is not disputed that the
failure to submit these plans put Riverwealth in breach of the terms of the
HLF loan, with the result that HLF was entitled to cancel the loan
arrangement. On 3 December 2008, HLF demanded that Riverwealth place a $1m
fixed deposit pursuant to the terms of the HLF’s loan. This $1m deposit was
eventually placed by the Respondent. The Respondent claims that this event
changed the complexion of the Initial Agreement – if the profit sharing
agreement was to be sustained, capital had to be injected by the Appellant and
Park.

The Uluru meeting and the Appellant’s transfer of shares to the Respondent

11 The Appellant, the Respondent and Park subsequently met at the Uluru
restaurant on 17 December 2008 (“the UIuru meeting”). The events that
transpired at this meeting are disputed. The only near-contemporaneous record
of what occurred at the meeting was an email dated 19 December 2008 sent from
the Respondent to Park, copied to the Appellant, recording Park’s purported
agreement to transfer his remaining 13% shareholding in Riverwealth (held in
Wee’s name) for a nominal sum of $1 and having Wee step down as a director, in
exchange for the Respondent undertaking to discharge Park’s obligation under
the HLF guarantee and indemnifying Park for any claims arising from the
guarantee. However, by an email dated 2 January 2009, Park refused to follow
any of the actions outlined in the 19 December 2008 email, citing legal
concerns. It is undisputed that Park held on to his 13% of shares.

12 In contrast, the Appellant executed two deeds of transfer in favour of the
Respondent on 30 January 2009 and 27 March 2009, respectively, effectively
divesting his remaining 13% of shares in Riverwealth to the Respondent. He
also resigned from his position as director on 27 March 2009. The reasons for
these actions, which are material to the Appellant’s claim, are disputed. The
Respondent transferred 1000 shares to the Appellant on 13 May 2009, which
shares were returned to the Respondent on 29 September 2009; however, these
transfers are peripheral to the dispute.

The 2010 Suit between Park and the Respondent

13 The Properties were eventually sold for a sum of $60.08m on 8 October 2009.
A dispute between Park and the Respondent first arose over the profits from
this sale. Park brought a claim against the Respondent for his share of the
profits made under this investment (“the 2010 Suit”), based on the terms of
the Initial Agreement. The 2010 Suit was also heard by the Judge. It is
crucial to note that the Appellant was a witness in the 2010 Suit for Park,
the plaintiff in the 2010 Suit, a matter which will take on greater
significance later in this judgment (see [45]–[47] below).

14 Although the Judge dismissed Park’s claim and allowed the Respondent’s
counterclaim based on Park’s misrepresentation (see Lim Koon Park v Yap Jin
Meng Bryan and others [2012] SGHC 159 (“the 2012 HC Judgement”)), this court
allowed Park’s appeal and affirmed the existence of the Initial Agreement
whereby the Respondent and Park (as well as the Appellant in the present
proceedings) would share profits from the sale of the Properties in the ratio
of 2:1:1 (see Lim Koon Park and another v Yap Jin Meng Bryan and another
[2013] 4 SLR 150 (“the 2013 CA Judgment”) at [79]). More importantly, this
court also found (at [16]) that with the extra cash injections and increased
risk exposure, the Respondent wanted the Appellant and Wee to “either pay for,
or transfer to him, their remaining allotment of shares in Riverwealth”, and
that the Appellant opted to transfer his shares in Riverwealth to the
Respondent.

15 Pursuant to an order by this court that an inquiry be conducted to
determine Park’s share of the profits from the gross sale proceeds of the
Properties less specified deductions, the Judge allowed deductions amounting
to $5,408,676.58 to be effected from the said gross proceeds (see Lim Koon
Park and another v Yap Jin Meng Bryan and others [2015] SGHC 284). At a
further hearing, the Judge determined the rate and amount of interest to be
awarded to the Respondent in relation to his personal loan extended to
Riverwealth (see Lim Koon Park v Yap Jin Meng Bryan [2016] SGHC 29). Both
parties appealed to this court; Park’s appeal was allowed in part (in Civil
Appeal No 44 of 2016) whilst the Respondent’s appeal was dismissed (in Civil
Appeal No 51 of 2016) on 27 October 2016.

16 What is of special significance for the purpose of CA 152 is the fact the
Appellant commenced his claim in these proceedings against the Respondent just
a few months after the 2013 CA Judgment (which finally confirmed the success
of Park’s claim on the issue of liability against the Respondent). We do not
think that this is a coincidence. Indeed, this was also the view of the Judge
who (correctly, in our view) did not mince her words when she observed as
follows (see the Judgment at [175]):

The [Appellant] waited until the outcome of the CA judgment [ie, the 2013 CA
Judgment] was in Park’s favour and then immediately tried to take advantage
thereon by requesting the defendant to consent to judgment on his claim
without going through the legal process.

17 She proceeded to observe (at [176]) that “[t]he [Appellant’s] conduct is
nothing less than opportunistic”. We agree with the Judge although, for the
reasons set out below, we differ from the legal basis she had relied upon as a
reason for rejecting the Appellant’s claim against the Respondent. Indeed,
there is other conduct on the part of the Appellant which supports the
inference that he was guilty of an abuse of process. In particular, the
Appellant made an unsuccessful attempt to intervene as a defendant at the
inquiry on profits that had been ordered by this court in relation to the 2010
Suit (vide Summons No 299 of 2014), arguing that his claim and Park’s claim
were the same in substance.

18 We now come to the Appellant’s claim in the present proceedings against the
Respondent proper.

The central issue

19 In so far as the Appellant’s actual claim in the present proceedings was
concerned, the central issue revolved around the reason behind the Appellant’s
divesting of his remaining 13% of his shares in the Company to the Respondent
(which divestment was noted above at [12]).

The Appellant’s position below

20 The Appellant’s position in the court below was that the share transfer was
effected in order to facilitate refinancing of the Properties by the
Respondent. The proposed refinancing arrangement (“the Alternate Financing
Proposal”) required the Respondent to be the sole shareholder in the Company,
as alluded to in the Respondent’s email of 2 August 2008 to Park and the
Appellant. The Appellant argued that the share transfer pursuant to the
Alternate Financing Proposal did not affect his entitlement to profits under
the Initial Agreement. The Appellant’s position was that at the Uluru meeting
(see above at [11]), the Respondent assured both Park and the Appellant that
the Initial Agreement would remain intact after their respective share
transfers. The Appellant also claimed that it was at the Uluru meeting that he
agreed to transfer all his shares pursuant to the Alternate Financing
Proposal. In addition, after Park left the Uluru meeting, the Appellant stated
that the Respondent also assured the Appellant that the profits from the
eventual sale of the Properties should not be less than $1.55m, if they were
sold at $60m (“the Minimum Profit Assurance”).

21 The Appellant also alleged the existence of an oral promise by the
Respondent to bear the holding costs of the Properties for a period of at
least 18 months from the date of purchase of the Properties in April 2008
(“the Minimum Financing Period”). It bears noting that the existence of the
Minimum Profit Assurance and the Minimum Financing Period were first averred
in the Appellant’s Reply (Amendment No 1) dated 4 June 2014 to the
Respondent’s Defence (Amendment No 3). The initial averment in Reply
(Amendment No 1) was that the Minimum Financing Period was part of the Initial
Agreement. This was changed in the Further and Better Particulars served on 7
January 2015, wherein the Appellant claimed that the Minimum Financing Period
was agreed around the first quarter of 2008 and reconfirmed at a meeting on 9
July 2008 at Park’s office, with the Appellant, the Respondent, Park and
Clarence (another director of Riverwealth at the material time) present. The
Minimum Financing Period went towards supporting the Appellant’s position that
there was no reason for the Appellant to exit the venture because he was not
liable to inject capital into the venture.

The Respondent’s position below

22 The Respondent’s position in the court below, on the other hand, was that
he had made an “Exit Offer” to the Appellant, which the Appellant had
accepted. The terms of the pleaded Exit Offer were that the Appellant would
inject fresh equity into Riverwealth (“Option 1”) or would transfer his shares
to the Respondent and surrender his profits under the Initial Agreement
(“Option 2”). This was because the prevailing financial situation during the
period when Riverwealth held the Properties was such that the parties were at
risk of being liable on their joint and several guarantees to HLF. There was
therefore an “urgent need to renegotiate the [HLF] loan or find alternative
sources of financing”. The timing at which the Exit Offer was made was varied
a number of times, but the Respondent’s final position was that it was made
impliedly to the appellant at the Uluru meeting in the course of making the
same offer to Park, and then expressly to the Appellant between end January
2009 and 27 March 2009. The Respondent’s case was that the Appellant had
agreed to Option 2 and had therefore made an “Exit Agreement” by transferring
his shares in Riverwealth to the Respondent as he did not want to contribute
to the holding costs of the Properties. This varied and superseded the Initial
Agreement with the result that the Appellant was no longer entitled to any of
the profits arising from the sale of the Properties. Not surprisingly, the
Respondent denied the existence of the purported Minimum Profit Assurance or
Minimum Financing Period.

The issue of costs

23 In so far as the issue of costs was concerned, it should be noted that the
Appellant did not, in fact, address the costs implications of the Respondent’s
offer to settle on 25 February 2016 (“the OTS”) in his submissions before the
Judge. The terms of the OTS were that:

(a) The Appellant would pay 90% of the Respondent’s costs on a standard basis
until the date of acceptance of the OTS, to be agreed or taxed; and

(b) Within 7 days of the Respondent receiving the settlement costs, the
Appellant would file a notice of discontinuance in the suit.

24 The Respondent argued for costs to be paid on an indemnity basis from the
date of the commencement of the suit, in the light of the Judge’s finding that
the suit was an abuse of process.

The Judge’s decision

25 The Judge distilled the following issues for determination in the Judgment
(at [130]):

(a) Whether the Appellant had transferred all his shares in Riverwealth to the
Respondent because of the Alternate Financing Proposal;

(b) Whether the Respondent had made the Exit Offer to the Appellant;

(c) Whether the Appellant had transferred his shares pursuant to his exercise
of Option 2 of the Exit Offer; and

(d) Whether the Appellant’s claim amounted to a collateral attack on the 2013
CA Judgment and was an abuse of the court process.

26 As a preliminary observation, the Judge was of the view that the Appellant
had not discharged his burden to establish “prima facie that the Initial
Agreement was not superseded by the [Respondent]’s Exit Offer” (see the
Judgment at [132]). The Judge was also of the view that the Appellant’s claims
with regard to the existence of a Minimum Profit Assurance and Minimum
Financing Period were afterthoughts which surfaced late in the day without an
“iota of evidence” (see the Judgment at [145]). She took the view that the
Minimum Profit Assurance was concocted because the Appellant realised from the
2013 CA Judgment that the profits left for division in the ratio 2:1:1 would
not have amounted to much for him (see the Judgment at [146]). If the Minimum
Profit Assurance did in fact exist, it would have been mentioned in the
pleadings much earlier than the Appellant’s Reply (Amendment No 1) on 4 June
2014 (see the Judgment at [147]). In so far as the Minimum Financing Period
was concerned, the Judge found it highly unlikely that a former banker like
the Respondent would have undertaken such an onerous obligation in 2008.

27 The Judge first reasoned that the Appellant’s claim that he transferred the
remaining shares pursuant to the Alternative Financing Proposal could not be
accepted. It was no longer feasible given Park’s refusal to transfer his
portion of shares to the Respondent, with the result that the Respondent could
not fulfil the requirement of being a sole shareholder for the purposes of the
Alternative Financing Proposal (see the Judgment at [154]). She reasoned that
the Respondent must have therefore made the Exit Offer to the Appellant (see
the Judgment at [155]). The Judge, while acknowledging that the Exit Offer was
for no consideration even if it were accepted, took the view that the issue of
consideration was of no consequence to the existence of the Exit Offer. She
relied on the 25 September 2009 email sent by the Respondent to the Appellant
entitled “Letter Accompany Share Transfer” as proof of the parties’ agreement,
even though the Appellant did not sign the relevant portions of the email or
acknowledge the email (see the Judgment at [156]).

28 The Judge then found that the Appellant must have transferred his shares in
Riverwealth because he accepted Option 2 of the Exit Offer (see the Judgment
at [152]). The Judge was of the view that the Appellant’s behaviour after the
Uluru meeting was consistent with someone who was not a shareholder and who
had no interest in Riverwealth, otherwise he would have found out about the
sale of the Properties directly rather than through third parties. In our
view, however, she failed, with respect, to consider the fact that the
Appellant remained liable under the joint and several guarantee for the $30m
loan from HLF up till 2 July 2010 – a point which we will discuss further
below.

29 In so far as the issue of whether the Appellant’s claim amounted to a
collateral attack on the 2013 CA Judgment was concerned, the Judge found in
favour of the Respondent inasmuch as to allow the Appellant his claim would
amount to an abuse of process and would be tantamount to a collateral attack
on the 2013 CA Judgment’s finding at [16] (see the Judgment at [177]). In
essence, the Judge found that the Appellant’s entire action was an abuse of
process. The Judge found the Appellant’s behaviour opportunistic in the light
of his evidence in the 2010 Suit.

30 The Judge therefore dismissed the Appellant’s claim in its entirety.

31 The Judge ordered that the Appellant pay the Respondent’s costs on a
standard basis from the commencement of the action on 21 November 2013 to 24
February 2016, and on an indemnity basis from 25 February 2016 onwards (see
the Supplemental Judgment at [13]), because of the OTS served by the
Respondent which turned out to be more favourable to the Appellant than the
terms of the Judgment. The Judge declined to award costs on an indemnity basis
for the period from 21 November 2013 to 24 February 2016 as she found that the
Appellant was not unreasonable in thinking that he was entitled to what Park
was awarded eventually (see the Supplemental Judgment at [12]).

The parties’ arguments on appeal

The Appellant’s case

32 In CA 152, which relates to the substance of the claim in S 1057, the
Appellant maintains his position below and argues that:

(a) The Judge erred in finding that to allow the Appellant’s entire claim
would be tantamount to a collateral attack on the 2013 CA Judgment at [16].

(b) The Judge erred in finding that the Exit Offer alleged by the Respondent
had been established on a balance of probabilities. This error was because the
Judge had wrongly relied on the 2013 CA Judgment as having already found that
the Appellant had accepted the alleged Exit Offer, had wrongly apportioned the
burden of proof of showing that the Initial Agreement was not superseded by
the Exit Offer on the Appellant, and had also ignored several other facts. The
Respondent’s evidence on the timing of the Exit Offer was also inconsistent.

(c) The Judge erred in according too much weight to the email of 25 September
2009 from the Respondent to the Appellant in arriving at her finding that the
Exit Offer had been accepted by the Appellant.

(d) The Judge erred in not adequately addressing the effect of lack of
consideration supporting the transfer of the Appellant’s shares pursuant to
the Exit Agreement.

(e) The Judge erred in considering a number of irrelevant matters in arriving
at her decision.

(f) The Judge erred in giving undue weight to the Minimum Profit Assurance and
Minimum Financing Period, which were not determinative of issues in S 1057.

(g) The Judge erred in finding that the Appellant’s transfer of shares
affected his profit share under the Initial Agreement.

33 In CA 176, the Appellant argues that the Judge had erred in ordering the
Appellant to pay costs on an indemnity basis from the time of the OTS, because
the OTS was not a genuine offer to settle. The material term of the OTS was
(as we have noted above at [23]) that the Appellant would pay 90% of the
Respondent’s costs on a standard basis until the date of acceptance of the
OTS.

The Respondent’s case

34 In CA 152, the Respondent takes the position that the Appellant’s share
transfer and resignation as director of Riverwealth was pursuant to the Exit
Agreement. In so far as the Minimum Profit Assurance and Minimum Financing
Period were concerned, they were contrived. In addition, the Respondent also
argues that the Appellant’s averment with regard to the Minimum Profit
Assurance and Minimum Financing Period amounts to an abuse of the court’s
process, as it is an attempt to modify the terms of the Initial Agreement
found by this Court in the 2013 CA Judgment. In CA 176, the Respondent objects
to the Appellant’s arguments based on the OTS, because the Appellant did not
address the issue of costs in the court below.

The issues before this court

35 The following issues arise for determination in these appeals are as set
out at the outset of this judgment (at [2]–[3]). To recapitulate, they are:

(a) whether the entire claim by the Appellant amounts to an abuse of process
(Issue 1);

(b) whether the Appellant is entitled to profits under the Initial Agreement
notwithstanding the transfer of his remaining shares to the Respondent and the
Appellant’s resignation as director (Issue 2); and

(c) whether the costs order below ought to be upheld (Issue 3).

Our decision

Issue 1: Abuse of process

The applicable principles

36 As Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) noted in Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck
and others [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 (“Goh Nellie”) at [51], the English case of
Henderson is often regarded as the root of the doctrine of abuse of process.
This is notwithstanding that the facts of Henderson had actually engaged cause
of action estoppel instead, and the case could therefore have been decided on
that (narrower) basis instead (see K R Handley, Spencer Bower & Handley: Res
Judicata (LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2009) at para 26.03). In Henderson itself, Sir
James Wigram VC’s oft-quoted statement was that:

… where a given matter becomes the subject of litigation in, and of
adjudication by, a court of competent jurisdiction, the court requires the
parties to that litigation to bring forward their whole case, and will not
(except under special circumstances) permit the same parties to open the same
subject of litigation in respect of matter[s] which might have been brought
forward as part of the subject in contest, but which was not brought forward
only because they have, from negligence, inadvertence, or even accident,
omitted part of their case. The plea of res judicata applies, except in
special cases, not only to points upon which the court was actually required
by the parties to form an opinion and pronounce a judgment, but to every point
which properly belonged to the subject of litigation and which the parties,
exercising reasonable diligence, might have brought forward at the time.
[emphasis added]

37 Wigram VC’s statement gave birth to what is known as the rule in Henderson.
Lord Bingham of Cornhill in his dictum in the House of Lords decision of
Johnson v Gore Wood & Co (a firm) [2002] 2 AC 1 (“Johnson v Gore Wood”)
affirmed (at 31) the existence of the doctrine of abuse of process as
“separate and distinct” from the doctrine of res judicata, which comprises
cause of action estoppel and issue estoppel. He observed in relation to the
doctrine of abuse of process that (see ibid):

…Henderson v Henderson abuse of process, as now understood, although separate
and distinct from cause of action estoppel and issue estoppel, has much in
common with them. The underlying public interest is the same: that there
should be finality in litigation and that a party should not be twice vexed in
the same matter. This public interest is reinforced by the current emphasis on
efficiency and economy in the conduct of litigation, in the interests of the
parties and the public as a whole. The bringing of a claim or the raising of a
defence in later proceedings may, without more, amount to abuse if the court
is satisfied (the onus being on the party alleging abuse) that the claim or
defence should have been raised in the earlier proceedings if it was to be
raised at all. I would not accept that it is necessary, before abuse may be
found, to identify any additional element such as a collateral attack on a
previous decision or some dishonesty, but where those elements are present the
later proceedings will be much more obviously abusive, and there will rarely
be a finding of abuse unless the later proceeding involves what the court
regards as unjust harassment of a party. It is, however, wrong to hold that
because a matter could have been raised in earlier proceedings it should have
been, so as to render the raising of it in later proceedings necessarily
abusive. That is to adopt too dogmatic an approach to what should in my
opinion be a broad, merits-based judgment which takes account of the public
and private interests involved and also takes account of all the facts of the
case, focusing attention on the crucial question whether, in all the
circumstances, a party is misusing or abusing the process of the court by
seeking to raise before it the issue which could have been raised before. As
one cannot comprehensively list all possible forms of abuse, so one cannot
formulate any hard and fast rule to determine whether, on given facts, abuse
is to be found or not. [emphasis added]

38 The fact-specific approach set out by Lord Bingham in the preceding
paragraph was further elaborated upon by Menon JC in Goh Nellie. He held (at
[53]) that whether there was an abuse of process under the rule in Henderson
depended on all the circumstances of the case including: (a) whether the later
proceedings were nothing more than a collateral attack upon the previous
decision; (b) whether there was fresh evidence that warranted re-litigation;
(c) whether there were bona fide reasons why an issue that ought to have been
raised in the earlier action was not; and (d) whether there were some other
special circumstances that justified allowing the case to proceed. Simply put,
there is a balance to be struck between allowing a litigant with a genuine
claim his day in court, and ensuring that the litigation process is not be
unduly oppressive to the defendant.

39 The prominence of the rule in Henderson was recently re-affirmed in the
United Kingdom Supreme Court case of Virgin Atlantic Airways Limited v Zodiac
Seats UK Limited (formerly known as Contour Aerospace Limited) [2013] UKSC 46.
Lord Sumption observed (at [25]) that:

Res judicata and abuse of process are juridically very different. Res judicata
is a rule of substantive law, while abuse of process is a concept which
informs the exercise of the court’s procedural powers. In my view, they are
distinct although overlapping legal principles with the common underlying
purpose of limiting abusive and duplicative litigation.

40 This court in The Royal Bank of Scotland NV (formerly known as ABN Amro
Bank NV) and others v TT International Ltd (nTan Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd
and others, other parties) and another appeal [2015] 5 SLR 1104 also clarified
(at [102]) that doctrine of abuse of process is oft-called the “the extended
doctrine of res judicata” because:

…it extends cause of action estoppel and issue estoppel beyond cases where the
point sought to be argued in later proceedings had actually and already been
decided by a court in earlier proceedings between the same parties … to cases
where the point was not previously decided because it was not raised in the
earlier proceedings even though it could and should have been raised in those
proceedings.

41 It is therefore clear from the authorities that the principles that
underlie the doctrine of abuse of process under the rule in Henderson is both
well-established as well as uncontroversial. And this is despite the
occasional (and trenchant) critique it has been subjected to (see, for
example, Gary Watt, “The Danger and Deceit of the Rule in Henderson v.
Henderson: A New Approach to Successive Civil Actions Arising from the Same
Factual Matter” (2000) 19 CJQ 287). We observe, parenthetically, that, given
the appropriate limitations as well as approach (see also [44] below), it is
in fact a useful rule that can be invoked when there would otherwise be an
abuse of process of the court.

42 However, the difficulty in many cases, as in the present one, lies in the
application of the principles to the facts, because whether there is abuse of
process turns on the precise facts and circumstances of each case. An example
of such fact-based analysis can be found in Johnson v Gore Wood itself, where,
having laid down the relevant principles relating to abuse of process under
the rule in Henderson, the House of Lords nevertheless held that there was no
abuse of process on the facts of the case. The plaintiff, a businessman, and
his company retained the defendants as solicitors in certain transactions. The
company’s action for negligence against the defendants was settled with costs.
The plaintiff then brought proceedings to recover his personal losses arising
out of the same matters approximately four and a half years later, which was
met with an application by the defendants’ solicitors for summary dismissal on
grounds of abuse of process. The Court of Appeal ordered summary dismissal but
the decision was reversed on appeal to the House of Lords. Lord Bingham, in
his leading judgment, found (at 33) that the company’s settlement with the
defendants proceeded on the basis of an underlying assumption that a further
proceeding by the plaintiff would not be an abuse, and that it was unfair to
allow the defendants to go back on that assumption. It turned out that the
company’s solicitors had notified the defendants’ solicitors that the
plaintiff also had a personal claim against the defendants, arising out of the
same matters, which he would pursue in due course. The plaintiff was willing
to try and negotiate an overall settlement of his and the company’s claims,
but it was not possible in the time available and the defendants’ solicitors
explicitly stated that the personal claim would be a separate claim for
negotiation in due course. Given that the plaintiff’s claim was left out of
the settlement on purpose and the settlement was made with the understanding
that the plaintiff would be allowed to pursue it separately, the defendants
were found to be estopped by convention from seeking to strike out the
plaintiff’s action. Lord Bingham (at 34) also observed that the court below
had “adopted too mechanical an approach, giving little or no weight to the
considerations which led Mr Johnson to act as he did and failing to weigh the
overall balance of justice”.

43 We note that many of the relevant abuse of process decisions relate to
situations where the same plaintiff sues different parties. In these cases,
one of the governing principles appears to be that there is generally no abuse
of process unless the defendants are themselves related by what has been
termed a “privity of interests” (see, especially, per Sir Robert Megarry VC in
Gleeson v J Wippell & Co Ltd [1977] 1 WLR 510 at 515) – presumably on the
basis that the plaintiff ought, owing to a close or special relationship or
commonality of interest between the defendants, to have brought a claim
against both of them in one and the same action. However, the defence of abuse
of process could also be successfully invoked where the same defendant is sued
twice by different plaintiffs on the identical issues which have already been
determined in the earlier action: A case in point is the Privy Council
decision of Nana Ofori Atta II, Omanhene of Akyem Abuakwa and anor v Nana Abu
Bonsra II as Adansehene, and as representing the Stool of Adanse and anor
[1957] 3 WLR 830 (“Nana Ofori”). In Nana Ofori, the Odikro of Muronam
(“Muronam”) sued the Stool of Banka (“Banka”) in 1940 for, inter alia, a
declaration of title to certain lands in Ghana but the claim was dismissed.
The Stool of Akyem Abuakwa (“Abuakwa”) and Muronam subsequently claimed title
to the same lands against the Stool of Adanse (“Adanse”) and Banka in 1954. It
was established that Abuakwa, Muronam’s superior, and Adanse, Banka’s superior
who had a claim through Banka, were aware of the 1940 proceedings though they
were not parties. The later claim in 1954 failed as the West African Court of
Appeal held that Abuakwa was estopped by res judicata as it was a privy to
Muronam and was also estopped by conduct when Abuakwa stood by whilst the
title was fought out by its subordinate such that it was inequitable to allow
them to bring up the question again. Manyo-Plange J expressed the view that
Abuakwa should have applied to be joined as co-plaintiff in the 1940
proceedings. The West African Court of Appeal applied Lord Penzance’s dictum
in the English Court of Probate and Divorce decision of Wytcherley v Andrews
(1871) LR 2 P&D 327 (“Wytcherley v Andrews”) at 328 that:

…there is a practice by this court, by which any person having an interest may
make himself a party to the suit by intervening; and it was because of the
existence of that practice that the judges of the Prerogative Court held, that
if a person, knowing what was passing, was content to stand by and see his
battle fought by somebody else in the same interest, he should be bound by the
result, and not be allowed to re-open the case… [emphasis added]

The Privy Council affirmed the West African Court of Appeal’s decision on the
basis of the application of Lord Penzance’s dictum. Lord Denning observed (at
834) that the present case was “not one of active participation in the
previous proceedings or actual benefit from them, but of standing by and
watching them fought out or at most giving evidence in support of one side or
the other”.

44 It seems to us that the common thread linking the decisions relating to the
doctrine of abuse of process is the courts’ concern with managing and
preventing multiplicity of litigation so as to ensure that justice is achieved
for all. In our judgment, the rule in Henderson is applicable where some
connection can be shown between the party seeking to relitigate the issue and
the earlier proceeding where that essential issue was litigated, which would
make it unjust to allow that party to reopen the issue. There is no reason in
principle why the rule in Henderson ought to be confined only to repeated
claims by the same plaintiff or to repeated claims against the same defendant.
It is important to also emphasise not only the fact-sensitive nature of the
inquiry that is entailed in applying the rule in Henderson but also the strict
limits within which such a rule will be applied (see, for example, the
application of this rule on the facts of the present case at [52]−[54] below).
Indeed, as has already been noted above (at [38]), the court will exercise its
discretion in such a way as to strike a balance between allowing a litigant
with a genuine claim to have his day in court on the one hand and ensuring
that the litigation process would not be unduly oppressive to the defendant on
the other. The court will also be mindful of the considerations which led a
claimant to act as he did (see [42] above).

The facts of the present case

45 Turning to the present case, the history of the Appellant’s role in the
previous proceedings is crucial. The Appellant was subpoenaed as a witness for
Park’s case for the 2010 Suit. The Appellant’s testimony spanned three days
but as he did not file his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), he had to
be orally examined and cross-examined. The key aspects of his testimony
supported Park’s case that the Initial Agreement of splitting profits in the
ratio 2:1:1 amongst the Respondent, Park and the Appellant existed. This issue
was a key area of dispute in the 2010 Suit. However, in the course of the
Appellant’s testimony, he also made a similar claim to that in the present
case, that there was a separate oral agreement made with the Respondent which
entitled the Appellant to share in the profits of the venture, despite his
divesting of all Riverwealth shares. Under cross-examination, he conceded that
he had no documentary proof of this agreement. The Judge in the 2012 HC
Judgment found against the Appellant’s claim in this respect, stating (at
[11]) that:

Given the extra cash he had to inject and his increased risk exposure, [the
Respondent] wanted the shares held by Andy and [Park’s wife] to be returned to
him, or for them to pay for those shares. … [the Appellant] decided to give up
his shares and completed the transfer of all his shares to [the Respondent] on
27 March 2009.

46 Although this was not strictly an issue before this court in the appeal
from the 2012 HC Judgment, this court affirmed the Judge’s finding in this
respect (see [16] of the 2013 CA Judgment).

47 The 2010 Suit then proceeded to consider the account of profits by the
Respondent to Park, and it was at this belated stage that the Appellant
applied to intervene in the proceedings. At the hearing of the Appellant’s
application to intervene on 19 February 2014, counsel for the Appellant relied
on the authority of Kwa Ban Cheong v Kuah Boon Sek and others [2003] 3 SLR(R)
644 to submit that there was “the possibility that even though [the Appellant
was] not a party to [the 2010 Suit], he would be bound by the parties in [the
2010 Suit]”. The application to intervene was not granted.

48 We see some similarity between the Appellant’s case and that of Oak v
Frobisher Limited et al (No 2) (1959) 27 WWR 594 (“Oak v Frobisher”), a
decision of the Saskatchewan Court of Queen’s Bench. Whilst this latter case
is in no way crucial to the outcome of the present appeal (the applicable
principles having, in fact, been set out in the preceding section of this part
of the judgment), it nevertheless has illustrative value in so far as it
furnishes a useful backdrop against which to illustrate (by way of a
comparative exercise) the necessarily fact-sensitive nature of any inquiry
that is undertaken pursuant to an application of the rule in Henderson. In Oak
v Frobisher, the defendants applied to strike out the plaintiff’s entire
statement of claim of conspiracy to injure, on, amongst other grounds, abuse
of process. The plaintiff, one Mrs Oak, successfully staked 16 mining claims
to some land in Saskatchewan, Canada. Her husband, Mr Oak, and three other
business partners entered into an option agreement with one of the defendants,
Mr James Harquail (“James”), granting James an option to purchase 37 claims,
which included the 16 mining claims under the Mrs Oak’s name. In her statement
of claim, Mrs Oak stated that this agreement was made without her
authorisation, express or implied, in writing or verbal. In an act of double
dealing, Mr Oak and his partners then entered into another option agreement to
sell the same 37 claims to Canadian Pipelines and Petroleums Limited (“C”), a
corporation. Again, Mrs Oak claimed that this was without her authorisation.
In her statement of claim, however, she stated that she ratified the agreement
with C, and delivered a transfer of her 16 claims in blank in trust to C to
implement that agreement.

49 James then lodged a caveat over the 37 claims with the Department of
Natural Resources based on the agreement which he had with Mr Oak and his
partners. One of the defendants, Frobisher Ltd, alleging that James was its
agent, commenced a separate action against Mr Oak and his partners as well as
C, for specific performance of the option agreement between James and Mr Oak
and his partners. In this particular action, Mrs Oak was not a party but
testified as a witness for Mr Oak and his partners. Specifically, she was not
asked anything concerning her ownership of the 16 claims, other than the fact
that she had recorded them after having staked these claims. Her evidence was
directed mainly to the question as to the timing of the signing of the
agreement between James and her husband and his partners (at 599). In this
separate action, the first instance court found in favour of the defendants
and ordered specific performance against Mr Oak and his partners. On appeal to
the Court of Appeal for Saskatchewan, this decision was affirmed (see
Frobisher Limited v Canadian Pipelines & Petroleums Limited et al (1957-58) 23
WWR 241). Crucially, the court observed of Mrs Oak’s evidence as follows (ibid
at 257, 267 and 295, per Gordon, McNiven and Culliton JJA, respectively):

Mrs Oak, who gave evidence at the trial, was not asked a question as to the
ownership of the claims as of the day the option was signed although she
swears to the fact that she personally staked the claims, which is not denied.
It was, however, proved that she had given a transfer in blank to the partners
and they in turn had placed them in escrow under the [agreement with C]. These
transfers in blank are in the custody of the court and are proved to belong to
[Mr Oak and his partners] jointly. For these reasons I do not think that [Mrs
Oaks] was or is a necessary party to the action.

[…]

Mrs Oak gave evidence at the trial and did not assert any personal interest in
the said claim. By reason of the foregoing facts, Mrs Oak is not a necessary
party to the action

[…]

…it is indisputable, nonetheless, that [Mr Oak and his partners] represented
themselves to be the beneficial owners of these claims, and as such, had the
right to make any disposition thereof they wished. Upon them would rest the
responsibility of obtaining legal title to complete any sale or other
disposition. That such indeed was the situation is clear both from the
evidence and the pleadings. …Mrs Evelyn Oak, in whose name the claims are
registered, and who gave evidence at the trial, did not claim ownership.

[emphasis added]

50 In Oak v Frobisher, the Saskatchewan Court of Queen’s Bench noted (at 602)
that Mrs Oak’s claim against the defendants asserted that she was the legal
and beneficial owner of the 16 claims. Whilst acknowledging the general rule
that no person should be adversely affected by a judgment in an action to
which he was not a party (ibid), the court held that Mrs Oak came within the
principle enunciated by Lord Penzance in Wytcherley v Andrews at 328
(reproduced above at [43]).

51 The Saskatchewan Court of Queen’s Bench held (at 603) that Mrs Oak could
not be “allowed to relitigate the question of the right of the partners to
sell the claims when that question was of the very essence of the former
action and she was in privity with the partners”.

52 Although the Appellant in the present case made his general position
regarding his profit share fairly clear during the hearing of the 2010 Suit
unlike Mrs Oak, in our view, like Mrs Oak, the Appellant here commenced an
action that was tantamount to relitigating the question of the parties’
entitlement to profits arising out the venture which was dealt with in the
2013 CA Judgment. The Appellant’s claim in relation to the existence of the
Minimum Profit Assurance and the Minimum Financing Period poses a direct
challenge to the “cast-iron” 2:1:1 split of profits that was upheld in the
2013 CA Judgment, and the outcome of the account of profits that followed. The
profits that Park derived from the final inquiry were less than the purported
$1.55m minimum, and it would make no sense for the Appellant to obtain
anything more than Park even if the Appellant succeeds in demonstrating that
he is entitled to profits from the Initial Agreement. The claim in relation to
the Minimum Profit Assurance therefore amounts to a collateral attack on the
2013 CA judgment. Further, the existence of the Minimum Financing Period would
affect the calculation of the costs and the net profits for Riverwealth from
the sale of the Properties, because the Minimum Financing Period as pleaded by
the Appellant implies that the Respondent would personally absorb the costs of
servicing the $30m HLF loan for a lengthy period of time. This amounts to a
collateral attack on the Judge’s decision on the inquiry on profits, and the
subsequent outcome of the appeals therefrom.

53 What makes it clearer that there is an abuse of process in the present case
(as compared to Oak v Frobisher) is the fact that the Appellant was aware of
the potential of his claim being precluded by the defence of abuse of process,
as evidenced by his counsel’s submissions in 2014. As a witness in the suit
between Park and the Respondent, he was aware of the ongoing dispute, and his
sudden claim during their trial that he was entitled to profits arising out of
the same venture indicated that he was just as interested and involved in the
dispute between Park and the Respondent. Given the Appellant’s position in so
far as his entitlement to the profits from the Riverwealth joint venture is
concerned, he is in sufficient “privity of interest” as Park such that both
sets of claims against the Respondent should have been heard together, given
his knowledge and involvement in Park’s claim. As we have stated above at
([43]), the term “privity of interests” really refers to a close or special
relationship or commonality of interest between the relevant parties. The
Appellant’s claim to profits arises out of the same agreement and same factual
backdrop as Park’s claim such that their interests were aligned. The
Appellant’s involvement in the 2010 Suit, albeit as a non-party, and the tenor
of his evidence make it inexplicable why he could not have commenced his
action and applied to have it consolidated. In our judgment, there is no bona
fide reason why he was unable to commence his action as soon as he became
aware of the ongoing suit between Park and the Respondent (presumably, via
Park’s solicitors), and then applied to have it consolidated with Park’s
action.

54 In our judgment, to allow the Appellant to proceed with his claim would be
an abuse of the process of court, and it would be tantamount to allowing the
Respondent to be vexed twice over in respect of the same issues, albeit by a
different party. We hasten to emphasise that the application of the principles
underlying the doctrine of abuse of power is a fact-sensitive exercise, and
our decision should not be construed as in any way conflicting with the
general rule that no person should be adversely affected by a judgment in an
action to which he was not a party. In this particular case, the Appellant
fell outside of the scope of this general rule because of his not
insignificant involvement in the 2010 Suit.

Issue 2: Merits of the case

55 Given our conclusion with regard to Issue 1, it is, strictly speaking,
unnecessary to consider Issue 2. However, for completeness, we will consider
the arguments made with regard to this particular issue as well.

The Appellant’s case as pleaded

56 The Appellant’s case as pleaded is rendered unpersuasive when we consider
the Respondent’s email of 27 March 2009. The essence of this particular email
was not about profit-sharing, but rather about carrying the costs of the joint
investment that had unexpectedly accrued due to the poor economic outlook,
which made the Initial Agreement no longer viable. In this email, the
Respondent essentially set out identical terms to the Exit Offer, and asked
that Park pick either Option 1 or Option 2. In the same email, after listing
out Option 2, the Respondent stated that “For the record, [the Appellant] has
already agreed and initiated the above”. The email was sent to Park while
copying the Appellant and Clarence. Crucially, the Appellant did not seek to
dispute this; he neither replied to the group email directly nor clarified
with the Respondent privately. The Appellant explained in his AEIC that he did
not respond because he had acceded to the Respondent’s request to “stay out of
his actions against Park”. On the other hand, given the fact that the
Appellant had neither shares nor a directorship in Riverwealth by then, it
defies logic that he would not seek to re-confirm that the Initial Agreement
was intact after receiving the Respondent’s email, stating that it was sent
“for the record”, if indeed that was the Appellant’s case. The Appellant’s
silence in relation to this email of 27 March 2009 is glaring and probative of
the fact that he had exited the Riverwealth venture completely.

57 In any event, even if it were true that the Appellant’s share transfers
were for the purpose of the Alternate Financing Proposal, it would have been
readily apparent, that it was never going to come to fruition given Park’s
refusal to comply with the Exit Offer. Moreover, the Respondent managed to
renegotiate some terms of the HLF loan on 7 January 2009, and the terms of the
loan relating to development plans of the Properties were successfully varied.
Hence, there was no longer a need for the Appellant to transfer his shares to
the Respondent for the purposes of the Alternate Financing Proposal. Despite
these developments, the Appellant did not seek to recover the shares from the
Respondent. When cross-examined on this, the Appellant only explained
(unpersuasively, in our view) that he did not think it was necessary to hold
any shares, because there was “a profit-sharing agreement that [did not]
require [him] to be a shareholder of the company”. Such conduct appears at
odds with the fact that the venture was entered into for the purpose of
individual profit, as well as with the precarious situation that Riverwealth
was in at that particular point in time. The three founders of the venture
were looking out for as well as trying to protect their own interests, despite
some semblance of an underlying friendship. Without a directorship or shares
in Riverwealth, the most legally relevant features of a stake in the venture,
the Appellant’s purported security in an oral agreement on maintaining the
Initial Agreement seems to us to be rather unlikely.

58 In our view, it is more likely that the Respondent’s exit offer to Park was
for him to either inject capital into Riverwealth, or to transfer his shares
and give up his profits from the venture. We accept the Respondent’s
submission that there is no reason why an exit offer to the Appellant would
contain better terms than those offered to Park, in terms of allowing him to
retain a share of profit without injecting any capital.

59 We also do not accept the Appellant’s fall-back argument that the Exit
Agreement was not enforceable for lack of consideration. The picture that
emerges from the evidence is that the Appellant (right or wrongly) believed
that he would be obliged to inject capital into the venture, and in exchange
for not having to do so, he had divested himself all his shares and resigned
from his directorship, as requested by the Respondent. Viewed in that light,
the Appellant received consideration for these share transfers. It may be that
he had committed a tactical error in not holding on to the shares like Park,
but it is certainly not the role of the courts to rescue him from a bargain
which he had voluntarily entered into.

60 The Appellant’s claims concerning the Minimum Profit Assurance and Minimum
Financing Period fail for lack of evidence. First, these two terms were never
mentioned in the Appellant’s testimony in the 2010 Suit when he was testifying
regarding the terms of the Initial Agreement. The purported minimum sum of
$1.55m first appeared in an email dated 2 August 2008 sent by the Respondent
to the other two parties in the joint venture regarding the potential profit
pay-outs corresponding to various holding costs and sale prices of the
Properties. This sum of $1.55m was calculated based on holding costs of 5
months, which would have been arrived at by September 2008. Hence, these
assumptions were outdated even before the Uluru meeting and it therefore makes
little (or even no) sense that the Respondent would make such a profit
assurance to the Appellant. In so far as the Minimum Financing Period is
concerned, the Appellant’s arguments are not persuasive, to say the least. The
thrust of the Appellant’s submissions in this regard is that the effect of the
2013 CA judgment is that there is such a Minimum Financing Period, which
plainly contradicts his initial position that the Minimum Financing Period was
part of the Initial Agreement.

61 For these reasons, even if the Appellant’s claims did not fail on the basis
of abuse of process, they would not succeeded on the substantive merits in any
event.

The Appellant’s new argument during oral submissions

62 We note that, during oral submissions, counsel for the Appellant, Mr Alvin
Tan (“Mr Tan”), appeared to proffer a slightly different case theory, based on
emails in November 2008 regarding the Alternate Financing Proposal. Mr Tan
argued that the Appellant had trusted the Respondent as a long-time friend
with regard to the Alternate Financing Proposal, and therefore transferred his
shares despite issues with Park. Hence, he argued, the Appellant acted the way
he did because he had trusted the Respondent to eventually sort out the
details with Park as well as whichever private bank that would be the
alternate financier.

63 This argument, strictly speaking, fails because it was not pleaded to begin
with. However, even if it were, it would not succeed, because as we have
found, the Alternate Financing Proposal was no longer within contemplation by
March 2009 when the Appellant divested himself of all his shares and had
resigned from his directorship.

The Respondent’s arguments

64 In fairness to the Appellant, there appear to be flaws in the Respondent’s
case but, in our view, these flaws do not detract from the ultimate (and
important) conclusion that the Appellant had exited the joint venture.

65 The Respondent failed to explain why the Appellant was still a guarantor
for the HLF loan until 2 July 2010, which was much later than the time of his
exit from the venture in March 2009. However, in so far as the guarantee was
concerned, the Appellant testified that he was not worried about his guarantee
to HLF for the $30m loan being called upon, because he did not think there was
a likelihood it would happen, as is borne out by the following exchange:

Q. If refinancing is not done holding costs are going to be higher than
everyone would like, which also cuts into profits, so surely it was in your
interest to try to convince Mr Park not to be so difficult about the
guarantee. Agree or disagree?

A. Disagree. I wasn't really thinking about that really.

Q. Right. Were you actually worried about the guarantee being called?

A. No.

Q. Why?

A. I don't think it would get to that stage.

Q. Because?

A. Because it would have been in Bryan’s interest as well because he committed
so much money, right, but when it came to a stage where you really have to
sell the property and if somebody needs help I can still go and look for
someone to come. But as I said to you, Bryan had always maintained he wanted
to control the business from then on.

[emphasis added]

66 Given the Appellant’s own lack of concern for the guarantee, it is not
improbable that the parties had neglected to deal with it when the Appellant
exited the venture. In any case, the inadequacies in the Respondent’s case in
this respect do not strengthen Appellant’s already weak case.

67 Having regard to all the facts and circumstances, the Appellant’s
substantive arguments do not persuade us that the Judge had erred in her
assessment of the case. We therefore find in favour of the Respondent with
regard to Issue 2.

Issue 3: Costs

68 In our view, the appeal ought to be allowed with respect to the Judge’s
order on costs, as the Respondent’s OTS could not be said to be a genuine
offer to settle and falls short of the requirements necessary to claim costs
on an indemnity basis.

69 This court in Man B&W Diesel S E Asia Pte Ltd and another v PT Bumi
International Tankers and another appeal [2004] 3 SLR(R) 267 (“Man”) has
stated (at [7]) that a court is not obliged to award indemnity costs simply
because the offer to settle made by one party is more favourable than what the
opposing party eventually obtained. The offer to settle should be “a serious
and genuine offer and not just to entail the payment of costs on an indemnity
basis” and should contain “an element which would induce or facilitate
settlement”: see Man at [8], citing Singapore Airlines Ltd and another v
Fujitsu Microelectronics (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd and others [2001] 1 SLR(R) 38 at
[10]. Although what constitutes a serious and genuine offer depends on the
circumstances, the key question to ask is whether the offeror is effectively
expecting the other party to capitulate: see Man at [14].

70 In the present case, the Respondent’s OTS did not offer even a nominal sum
to the Appellant, but had asked that the Appellant pay 90% of the Respondent’s
costs instead. It is unsurprising that on the eve of a trial that essentially
turned on the competing testimonies of the parties, such an offer would not be
capable of persuading the Appellant to enter a settlement with the Respondent.

71 Hence, the Judge should not have ordered that the Appellant pay the
Respondent’s costs of the suit on an indemnity basis from the date of the OTS.
Instead, the Appellant should pay the Respondent the costs of the suit on a
standard basis throughout.

Conclusion

72 CA 152 is therefore dismissed with costs to the Respondent, while CA 176 is
allowed. The parties are to bear their own costs in relation to CA 176 because
even though the Appellant prevailed on his appeal, he had failed to raise the
arguments regarding the OTS in the court below. The usual consequential orders
are to follow.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Tay Yong Kwang  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Alvin Tan Kheng Ann and Os Agarwal (Wong Thomas & Leong) for the appellant in
Civil Appeals Nos 152 and 176 of 2016;  
Marina Chin Li Yuen, Calvin Liang Hanwen, Eugene Jedidiah Low Yeow Chin, Lee
Hwee Yenn Amanda (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the respondent in Civil
Appeals Nos 152 and 176 of 2016.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

