Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 63

HC/Suit No 769 of 2016

Between

Hapsuwan Sakon  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

1.| CT Civil Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
2.| Lim Poh Guan  
  
… Defendants

EX TEMPORE judgment

[Tort]–[Negligence]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Hapsuwan Sakon

  
v

  

CT Civil Construction Pte Ltd and another

[2017] SGHC 63

High Court — Suit No 769 of 2016  
Woo Bih Li J  
23–24, 27 March 2017  

29 March 2017 Ex Tempore Judgment

Woo Bih Li J:

1 This is a claim by a plaintiff cyclist (“the Cyclist”) against two
defendants arising from an accident in the morning of 27 September 2015. The
second defendant was the driver (“the Driver”) of a 10-wheel Isuzu tipper
truck and was the employee of the first defendant at the date of the accident.
It was not disputed that if the Driver was negligent, the first defendant
would be vicariously liable for his negligence.

2 The accident occurred when the truck was heading from a construction site
onto a side road which was leading to the main road known as Tampines Road.
The Cyclist was coming from the left at a right angle towards the truck. His
version was that he was cycling along a foot path which led to the side road.
The Driver’s version was that the Cyclist was cycling along the main road when
the Driver reached the junction of the side road and the main road.

3 Therefore, one of the questions was whether the Cyclist was cycling along
the footpath or along the main road. The Cyclist said he was cycling along the
footpath. The Driver did not notice the Cyclist so he could not really say
where the Cyclist was. The defendants were trying to infer from the evidence
of where there was some blood stain and the location of the truck when it
stopped that the Cyclist was cycling along the main road but such evidence was
neither here nor there.

4 Although the Cyclist was not a very reliable witness on other aspects of his
evidence, he was consistent about cycling along the footpath. That was also
the safer and, logically, the more natural route than cycling along the main
road opposite the flow of vehicular traffic coming towards him. I find that he
was cycling along the footpath.

5 The footpath which the Cyclist was travelling on was at a right angle to the
side road which the Driver was on. The side road led to a junction with the
main road which was Tampines Road. I agree with the defendants that as between
the footpath and the side road, the footpath should be considered as the minor
road and the side road as the major road.

6 The first main issue was whether the Driver was negligent. He said he had
stopped twice. The first time was at the intersection where the footpath led
into the side road. The second time was at the junction where the side road
led into the main road. He said that each time he had looked left and right
and did not notice the Cyclist.

7 I do not believe that the Driver stopped twice. The first intersection is
just a short distance from the junction with the main road. There would have
been no reason for him to stop there especially since he did not notice a
cyclist before reaching that intersection.

8 In my view, the Driver had failed to keep a proper lookout as he was driving
along the side road even though he had the right of way until he reached the
junction with the main road. If he had kept a proper lookout, he would have
noticed the Cyclist on his left. There is no suggestion that even if he had
noticed the Cyclist, it would have been too late for him to stop or to swerve
to avoid the Cyclist. Furthermore, if the Driver had noticed the Cyclist, he
would have been under a duty to sound the horn of the truck to warn the
Cyclist of the approaching truck, especially if it appeared that the Cyclist
might not have noticed the presence of the truck. Consequently, as the Driver
did not notice the Cyclist, he continued driving towards the junction with the
main road and the Cyclist collided into the truck, not at that junction, but
at the intersection between the footpath and the side road.

9 In my view, the Driver was negligent in failing to notice the Cyclist and
taking evasive action and/or failing to warn the Cyclist of the approaching
truck.

10 However, this is not a case of a truck hitting a cyclist but rather a
cyclist hitting the truck. This is borne out by the fact that the Cyclist
claimed that his bicycle hit the truck around or near the centre of the truck.
If the truck had hit the Cyclist it would have been the front of the truck
that did so.

11 The next main issue was whether the Cyclist had contributed to the accident
by his own negligence.

12 I find that the Cyclist was also negligent because he did not keep a proper
lookout for any vehicle that might have been coming out from the construction
site onto the side road from his right. It was his own evidence that the first
time he saw the truck, the truck was one foot away from his bicycle.
Furthermore, he said that before the collision, he was looking left, instead
of to the front or to the right. From his demonstration in court, he had
turned his eyes from the left to the front and he then saw the truck in front
of him.

13 I find the Cyclist more to blame as he was coming from the footpath and
should have given way to the truck. Secondly, the truck was larger and he
should have noticed the truck before the Driver should have noticed him.
Thirdly, as the defendants submitted, the truck is a noisy vehicle and the
Cyclist should have also heard the sound of a truck arriving from the right.
He did not. Fourthly, as the Cyclist claimed that he was riding the bicycle at
a leisurely pace, it would have been easier for him to stop or swerve the
bicycle he was on than for the Driver to stop or swerve the truck.

14  In the circumstances, I grant the Cyclist interlocutory judgment against
the first defendant and the Driver on the basis that the Driver was 20%
negligent and the Cyclist was 80% negligent.

15 Damages are to be assessed by the Registrar. The costs of the assessment
and the action and interest are to be determined by the Registrar.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge

Tan Heng Khim and Lisa Yeo Poh Choo (Apex Law LLP) for the plaintiff;

Ramasamy K Chettiar and Lim Hwee Peng, Scarlett (Central Chambers Law
Corporation) for the defendants.

  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

