Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 103

Originating Summons No 1076 of 2016

(Summons No 5633 of 2016)

Between

Tactic Engineering Pte Ltd (in liquidation)  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Building and construction law] — [Building and construction related
contracts] — [Guarantees and bonds]

  
  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tactic Engineering Pte Ltd (in liquidation)

  
v

  

Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd

[2017] SGHC 103

High Court — Originating Summons No 1076 of 2016 (Summons No 5633 of 2016)

  

Foo Chee Hock JC

  

30 November 2016, 1 February 2017; 17 February 2017

17 May 2017

Foo Chee Hock JC:

1 This was a dispute involving an on-demand bond dated 18 February 2014
(“Bond”) 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Jaikumar’s affidavit dated 18 Oct 2016 at Tab 1, p 3.

taken out by Tactic Engineering Pte Ltd (“Tactic”) in favour of Sato Kogyo (S)
Pte Ltd (“Sato Kogyo”). Tactic has appealed against my decision dated 17
February 2017 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

HC/ORC 1201/2017.

to set aside the injunction 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

HC/ORC 7241/2016.

restraining Sato Kogyo from inter alia calling on the Bond (“Injunction”). I
now set out the reasons for my decision.

2 Sato Kogyo was the Land Transport Authority’s main contractor for the
“construction of the Mattar Station and its associated tunnels as part of
Downtown Line 3”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at para 5.

Under a letter of award, and a subcontract dated 2 February 2012
(“Subcontract”), Sato Kogyo appointed Tactic as its subcontractor. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Jaikumar’s affidavit dated 18 Oct 2016 at para 8 and Tab 2, pp 6 and 18.

The Subcontract sum was $24,468,800.00, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Jaikumar’s affidavit dated 18 Oct 2016 at para 10.

and its clause 25 entitled Sato Kogyo to retain up to 5% of this figure (ie,
$1,223,440.00). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Jaikumar’s affidavit dated 18 Oct 2016 at Tab 2, p 32.

3 By the end of 2013, Tactic was experiencing difficulties in completing its
outstanding works. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at paras 10–12, pp 154 and 157.

To ease Tactic’s cash flow, Sato Kogyo agreed to release the monies being
retained under clause 25 (“Retention Monies”) in exchange for an on-demand
bond. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at paras 13–15.

On 18 February 2014, Tactic procured the Bond, which was an on-demand bond
worth $1,223,440.00 (“Bond Amount”). The salient parts of it read as follows:
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Jaikumar’s affidavit dated 18 Oct 2016 at Tab 1, p 3.

1 In consideration of you releasing the retention money to the Subcontractor
we hereby irrevocably and unconditionally undertake, covenant and firmly bind
ourselves to pay to you on demand any sum or sums which from time to time may
be demanded by you up to a maximum aggregate of Singapore Dollars One Million
Two Hundred Twenty Three Thousand Four Hundred and Forty Only (S$1,223,440.00)
(“the Guaranteed Sum”).

2 Should you notify us in writing at any time prior to the expiry of this
Guarantee, by notice purporting to be signed for and on your behalf that you
require payment to be made of the whole or any part of the said sum, we
irrevocably and unconditionally agree to pay the same to you immediately on
demand without further reference to the Subcontractor and notwithstanding any
dispute or difference which may have arisen under the subcontract or any
instruction which may be given to us by the Subcontractor not to pay the same.

[emphasis added]

4 The parties discovered that, under another project, “MCE 487”, Tactic owed
Sato Kogyo $226,960.73 (“MCE Monies”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at para 19.

As evidenced in a letter dated 11 March 2014, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at p 328; Jaikumar’s affidavit dated 18 Oct
2016 at para 25.

the parties agreed to set-off the MCE Monies against the Retention Monies. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at para 19; Jaikumar’s affidavit dated 25
Nov 2016 at para 23.

However, on 13 March 2014, Tactic sent an invoice to Sato Kogyo seeking the
release of $1,183,408.29, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at para 21; Jaikumar’s affidavit dated 18
Oct 2016 at Tab 3, p 525.

which was the amount of Retention Monies at that time. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at para 16.

Due to an administrative lapse, Sato Kogyo released the full sum of
$1,183,408.29 (without deducting the MCE Monies), 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at para 21.

and hence the MCE Monies remained unpaid by Tactic.

5 At the relevant time, Tactic’s financial woes meant that it could not
complete its works, and Sato Kogyo had to make arrangements to complete them,
thereby incurring back charges. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at paras 10–12.

In this connection, Sato Kogyo indicated that it would call on the Bond on 20
May 2014. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at p 227.

Thereafter, on 8 December 2015, Sato Kogyo claimed a sum of $1,351,574.89 from
Tactic and stated that it would call on the Bond if Tactic did not make
payment. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Jaikumar’s affidavit dated 18 Oct 2016 at Tab 6, p 706.

Sato Kogyo subsequently made demands on 28 June 2016 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Jaikumar’s affidavit dated 18 Oct 2016 at para 40 and Tab 7, p 716.

and 19 August 2016 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Jaikumar’s affidavit dated 18 Oct 2016 at para 40 and Tab 8, p 735.

as well. On 3 October 2016, Sato Kogyo called on the Bond and demanded payment
of the Bond Amount. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at para 41; Jaikumar’s affidavit dated 18
Oct 2016 at Tab 1, p 2.

No payment was made, and Sato Kogyo called on the Bond again on 18 October
2016, seeking payment of the Bond Amount by 21 October 2016. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at para 42.

On 20 October 2016, Tactic applied for the Injunction, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

HC/SUM 5098/2016.

which Andrew Ang SJ granted on the same day. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

HC/ORC 7241/2016.

6 In the proceedings before me to set aside the Injunction (filed by Sato
Kogyo), Tactic initially relied on both fraud and unconscionability as grounds
for sustaining the Injunction. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE dated 30 Nov 2016 at p 1; Plaintiff’s WS at paras 42–46.

But it eventually abandoned its case on fraud, focusing instead on showing
that Sato Kogyo’s call on the Bond was unconscionable. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NE dated 1 Feb 2017 at p 1.

Tactic essentially brought the court through an accounting exercise, deploying
various computations to demonstrate that Sato Kogyo’s claim fell short of the
Bond Amount and thus unconscionability was manifested. In doing so, Tactic
relied on three main grounds. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE dated 1 Feb 2017 at pp 1 and 4.

First, it argued that Sato Kogyo could not include the MCE Monies to justify
the call on the Bond. Second, Sato Kogyo was not contractually entitled to
impose “Administrative Charges”. Third, Sato Kogyo’s computation of the back
charges was unconscionable.

7 As part of its case, Tactic also highlighted that Sato Kogyo had claimed
four different sums from Tactic since December 2015, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 13 and 16.

as follows:

Date of claim| Sum claimed by Sato Kogyo  
---|---  
8 December 2015 30

##### Foot Note 30

× Jaikumar’s affidavit dated 18 Oct 2016 at Tab 6, pp 706 and 713. | $1,351,574.89  
28 June 2016 31

##### Foot Note 31

× Jaikumar’s affidavit dated 18 Oct 2016 at Tab 7, p 716. | $1,109,706.03  
19 August 2016 32

##### Foot Note 32

× Jaikumar’s affidavit dated 18 Oct 2016 at Tab 8, p 735. | $1,041,015.23  
11 November 2016 33

##### Foot Note 33

× Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at p 682. | $1,706,209.29  
  
8 According to Sato Kogyo, its claims in June and August 2016 were reduced
because the parties were negotiating a settlement, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE dated 1 Feb 2017 at p 2; Defendant’s WS at para 110.

and it “was prepared to offer [goodwill] discounts on condition that the final
amount [was] settled amicably”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at para 96; Jaikumar’s affidavit dated 18
Oct 2016 at Tab 7, p 716 and Tab 8, p 735.

Negotiations between the parties eventually fell through, and Sato Kogyo took
the position that it was “entitled to claim the full sum” 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defendant’s WS at para 111.

as represented by its 11 November 2016 claim. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at para 97.

However, Sato Kogyo’s “bottom line” was its 8 December 2015 claim to justify
its call on the Bond. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE dated 1 Feb 2017 at p 4.

I therefore set out Sato Kogyo’s claim as of that date in the context of the
following table (which I examine below from [10]): 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at p 587; Jaikumar’s affidavit dated 18 Oct
2016 at Tab 6, pp 706 and 713.

Claim by Sato Kogyo as of 8 December 2015  
---  
Back Charges (w/o Administrative Charges)| $1,065,141.62  
Administrative Charges 40

##### Foot Note 40

× Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at p 587. | $213,028.32  
Total (w GST) 41

##### Foot Note 41

× Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at p 587. | $1,351,574.89  
Total (w/o GST) 42

##### Foot Note 42

× Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at p 587; NE dated 1 Feb 2017 at p 4. | $1,278,169.94  
MCE Monies| $226,960.73  
Total plus MCE Monies (w GST) 43

##### Foot Note 43

× Jaikumar’s affidavit dated 18 Oct 2016 at Tab 6, p 713; NE dated 1 Feb 2017 at p 4. | $1,578,535.62  
Total plus MCE Monies(w/o GST) 44

##### Foot Note 44

× Jaikumar’s affidavit dated 18 Oct 2016 at Tab 6, p 713. | $1,505,130.67  
  
9 Before turning to the arguments, I pause to recount some principles in law
relating to the issue of unconscionability as canvassed in Eltraco
International Pte Ltd v CGH Development Pte Ltd [2000] 3 SLR(R) 198
(“Eltraco”) and BS Mount Sophia Pte Ltd v Join-Aim Pte Ltd [2012] 3 SLR 352
(“Mount Sophia”):

(a) First, parties were expected to “abide by the deal they have struck”: see
Eltraco at [30]. Hence, courts “should be slow to upset the status quo and
disrupt the allocation of risk which the parties had decided upon for
themselves” [emphasis added]: see Mount Sophia at [25].

(b) Second, an applicant had to establish a strong prima facie case of
unconscionability, and the “threshold is a high one”. A finding of
unconscionability must be supported by “the whole context of the case”
[emphasis in original] and a “prima facie strong piece of evidence does not
make a strong prima facie case”: see Mount Sophia at [20] and [39]–[40].

(c) Third, the concept of unconscionability imported notions of unfairness and
bad faith: see Mount Sophia at [36]–[37]. Where there was a genuine dispute,
it could not be said that there was unconscionability because a party was
“entitled to protect [its] own interest”: see Eltraco at [32].

(d) Fourth, it was not necessary for the court to carry out a detailed
examination of the minutiae and “engage in a protracted consideration of the
merits of the case”. In such proceedings, the focus was on “breadth rather
than depth” and the court’s role was simply to “be alive to the lack of bona
fides” [emphasis in original]: see Mount Sophia at [40], [45] and [52].

10 I address the salient arguments now. Tactic argued that Sato Kogyo could
not utilise the MCE Monies to justify calling on the Bond because these monies
were due under a separate contract. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 69–73.

That aside, Tactic did not have persuasive arguments to clinch the point. On
the other side, it was undisputed that Tactic owed the MCE Monies to Sato
Kogyo. It should be remembered that the Bond was taken out in consideration of
Sato Kogyo releasing the Retention Monies (see [3] above), and the parties had
agreed to set-off the MCE Monies against the Retention Monies (see [4] above).

11 In any event, as seen in the table above (at [8]), even without the MCE
Monies, Sato Kogyo’s claim was $1,278,169.94 (excluding GST), which was well
in excess of the Bond Amount.

12 Similarly, with regard to the Administrative Charges (which Tactic
described as the “crux” of the dispute), 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE dated 1 Feb 2017 at p 3.

Tactic averred that the Subcontract did not give Sato Kogyo the right to
impose such charges. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 82–86.

However, it was not immediately apparent that this was the case. Clause 22.8
of the Subcontract allowed Sato Kogyo to set-off “such loss or damage”
incurred because of Tactic’s failure to carry out its works with diligence or
due expedition against monies due to Tactic. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Jaikumar’s affidavit dated 18 Oct 2016 at Tab 1, p 31; Defendant’s WS at para
91.

There was also the possibility that Sato Kogyo could recover any losses caused
by Tactic as damages under the law. And according to Sato Kogyo, the
Administrative Charges represented the “charges or costs of attendance by
[Sato Kogyo] to carry out the complete works that [Tactic] has omitted to
carry out”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at para 107.

I therefore did not agree that Sato Kogyo was clearly not entitled to impose
the Administrative Charges. It was at least arguable that Sato Kogyo could
premise the call on the Bond on its losses, regardless of whether they were
termed “Administrative Charges” or otherwise.

13 Per arguendo, even if we explored the position without the Administrative
Charges, Sato Kogyo still had a claim for back charges amounting to
$1,065,141.62 (excluding GST and excluding the MCE Monies) (see [8] above). I
acknowledged that this fell below the Bond Amount (of $1,223,440.00), but the
shortfall must be seen in the context of the Subcontract’s value of
$24,468,800.00. That said, the artificiality inherent in Tactic’s approach of
slicing off parts of Sato Kogyo’s claim to depress it below the Bond Amount
was not lost on me. In my judgment, the unconscionability that Tactic sought
so casually to impute to Sato Kogyo was not supported by the whole context of
the case (see [9] above), and looking at matters in the round, I was of the
view that the alleged shortfall was contrived and not of such character as to
make out a strong prima facie case of unconscionability.

14 Indeed, I was of the view that the back charges claimed by Sato Kogyo were
not so excessive or abusive as to establish that it was unconscionably
bloating the numbers to justify the call on the Bond. Tactic contended that
Sato Kogyo had inflated the back charges 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 93–107.

and included items of work falling outside Tactic’s scope of works. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Plaintiff’s WS at para 131.

In my view, the court should not engage in a minute examination of both
parties’ cases in the present proceedings (see [9(d)] above). Additionally,
Tactic could not show that it was “reasonably apparent” that there was
unconscionable conduct on Sato Kogyo’s part: see Mount Sophia at [37].

15 In relation to the alleged inflation of back charges, Tactic relied
significantly on a “Statement of Account” dated 30 November 2014. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Jaikumar’s affidavit dated 18 Oct 2016 at Tab 4, p 608.

According to Tactic, this statement showed that the “Future Estimated
Backcharges” amounted to only $110,082.76 at that time. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Plaintiff’s WS at para 98.

It was thus “shocked” to learn in December 2015 that Sato Kogyo had “grossly
inflat[ed]” the claim to $1,351,574.89. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 102–103.

But as Sato Kogyo was quick to point out, Tactic omitted to note that the
“Statement of Account” clearly indicated that the total back charges already
amounted to about $600,000 as of 30 November 2014. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Defendant’s WS at p 47, para (e).

Tactic’s reliance on the “Statement of Account” was thus misplaced, and it
failed to show that Sato Kogyo had “grossly inflat[ed]”  56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 102–103.

the back charges. In this regard, I also took into account Sato Kogyo’s
submission that its claim would naturally increase as “works are completed and
as more backcharges or loss and damages crystalise [sic] and become
ascertained”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defendant’s WS at p 47, para (f).

The fact that Sato Kogyo had not yet determined the full extent of the back
charges could be gleaned from a letter dated 22 July 2015 which indicated that
Sato Kogyo was still in the midst of “compil[ing] and finaliz[ing] all the
backcharges of materials, labours and other miscellaneous items”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at p 311.

16 Additionally, Sato Kogyo had reasoned responses to Tactic’s allegation that
some claims were for items falling outside Tactic’s scope of works. For
instance, Tactic claimed that it was not responsible for the supply of
“Compress Oxygen, Acetylene for Gas Cutting Works”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Plaintiff’s WS at p 42, item 40.

In reply, Sato Kogyo highlighted that Tactic was to bear the cost of “Oxygen
and Accetylene (used for cutting)” under the Subcontract. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at para 137, item 40; Jaikumar’s affidavit
dated 18 Oct 2016 at Tab 2, p 16.

Similarly, Tactic alleged that the “Roughening of the Smooth Surface” was
beyond its scope of works, 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Plaintiff’s WS at p 43, item 55.

to which Sato Kogyo countered by arguing that Tactic had to “roughen the
concrete” as part of its duties under clause 6 of the Subcontract. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Fong’s affidavit dated 14 Nov 2016 at para 137, item 55.

Thus, as with the purported inflation of the back charges, I was unconvinced
that Sato Kogyo had unconscionably included items that clearly fell beyond
Tactic’s scope of works.

17 In sum, after considering the evidence holistically, it was apparent that
Tactic’s case fell far short of a strong prima facie case of
unconscionability. Rather, it appeared to be clutching at straws to make out a
case by disputing various components of Sato Kogyo’s claim. In my judgment,
the overall tenor of the evidence pointed to a genuine contractual dispute
(see [9(c)] above) between the parties.

18 Moreover, as noted in Mount Sophia at [37] and [45], the parties’ conduct
leading up to a call on a bond and the presence of notice were all relevant
considerations. And in the present case, the fact that Sato Kogyo had
negotiated with Tactic over this entire period and offered to discount its
claim in June 2016 and August 2016 strongly militated against any finding of
bad faith (see [8] above). It also could not be said that Tactic was ambushed
by Sato Kogyo’s demand on 3 October 2016 given that Sato Kogyo had indicated
that it might call on the Bond since May 2014 (see [5] above).

19 As a parting point, it ought to be emphasised that the Bond was an on-
demand bond (see [3] above) that Sato Kogyo had the right to call on, subject
to limited exceptions like fraud and unconscionability. As noted in York
International Pte Ltd v Voltas Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 1142 at [32], a performance
bond was a mechanism by which parties redistributed the risk of inter alia
insolvency. Where the parties had agreed on the allocation of risk, the court
should not lightly interfere with the parties’ agreement (see [9(a)] above).
This principle applied here where one of the parties was undergoing
liquidation, which was the case for Tactic.

20 Accordingly, I granted Sato Kogyo’s application to set aside the
Injunction. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

HC/SUM 5633/2016; HC/ORC 1201/2017.

I decided that costs should follow the event and fixed costs at $15,000 (all-
in) to be paid by Tactic to Sato Kogyo.

Foo Chee Hock

  
Judicial Commissioner

Daniel Tay Yi Ming and Eugene Lee Kok Wee (Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC) for the
applicant;

  

Yong Boon On, Amanda Koh Jia Yi, and Linus Lin Zhiyi (Eldan Law LLP) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

