Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 255

Suit No 27 of 2009

Between

(1)| Yeo Boong Hua  
---|---  
(2)| Lim Ah Poh  
(3)| Teo Tian Seng  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Singapore Agro Agricultural Pte Ltd  
(3)| Koh Khong Meng  
(4)| Turf City Pte Ltd  
(5)| Tan Huat Chye  
(6)| Ng Chye Samuel  
(7)| Tan Chee Beng  
(8)| Ong Cher Keong  
  
… Defendants

Supplementary judgment

[Tort] — [Conspiracy] — [Unlawful means]

[Tort] — [Inducement of breach of contract]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Yeo Boong Hua and others

  

v

  

Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and others

  

[2017] SGHC 255

High Court — Suit No 27 of 2009  
Woo Bih Li J  
24, 28 August; 19 September 2017

17 October 2017

Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 This judgment is issued as a supplement to an earlier decision of this Court
dated 6 August 2015 in Yeo Boong Hua and others v Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte
Ltd and others [2015] SGHC 207 (“the HC Judgment”). The HC Judgment concerned
the setting aside of the Consent Order entered into by the parties in
settlement of then-ongoing litigation (ie, the Consolidated Suits), and the
consequences arising therefrom should that order be set aside. I held that the
Consent Order should be set aside on grounds of the Defendants’ repudiatory
breaches of that order, and that the Consolidated Suits should therefore be
reinstated.

2 On 22 March 2017, the Court of Appeal in Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and
others v Yeo Boong Hua and others and another appeal and other matters [2017]
2 SLR 12 (“the CA Judgment”) agreed with my findings on the repudiatory
breaches. However, in relation to the remedies that should flow from those
breaches, the Court of Appeal held that there was no basis for the Consent
Order to be set aside or for the Consolidated Suits to be reinstated. The
Court of Appeal requested further submissions on the consequential issues
arising from the findings in the CA Judgment.

3 On 15 August 2017, the Court of Appeal heard the parties on their further
submissions and reserved judgment. By a letter through the Registry dated 24
August 2017, the Court of Appeal directed that the Plaintiffs’ claims in the
torts of conspiracy and inducement of breach of contract were to be
concurrently remitted to this Court for determination. These claims were
pleaded and advanced in the Consolidated Suits, and in the HC Judgment I left
them to be dealt with as part of the reinstated Consolidated Suits. I now
consider these claims on the merits.

Background

4 The background facts leading to this supplementary judgment were set out in
the HC Judgment after a trial of the action (at [5]–[56]) and in the CA
Judgment (at [4]–[50]). I do not propose to repeat them except where necessary
or desirable to provide easier understanding or context. I will also adopt the
same descriptions and definitions as were used in the HC Judgment.

The Joint Venture

5 The Plaintiffs and the SAA Group represent two business groups in the Joint
Venture. The Plaintiffs are the three individuals in the first group, and the
latter SAA Group comprises five individual Defendants (ie, Roger Koh, Tan
Senior, Samuel Ng, Tan CB, and Ong CK). The Joint Venture concerned the
development and operation of the Site, which was a large plot of land (roughly
557,000m2) located in Bukit Timah, Singapore.

6 In January 2001, the SLA, which was then known as the Singapore Land Office,
invited tenders for the lease of the Site. The Tender Notice put up by the SLA
indicated that the lease was to commence from 1 September 2001 and the tenure
was described as “3+3+3 years”, which referred to a term of three years with
an option to renew for a three year term plus a further option for the third
tranche of a three year term. By the time the tender closed on 2 March 2001,
SLA had received only two bids. One was submitted by the Plaintiffs through
their corporate vehicle, BTC; the other was submitted by the SAA Group through
their corporate vehicle, SAA.

7 The Plaintiffs and the SAA Group came to know that the other group had
placed or was planning to place a bid for the Site. Thereafter, a consensus
was reached between the two groups that they would enter into the Joint
Venture to develop and operate the Site regardless of which group would win
the tender. While there was some dispute as to whether the two groups had had
a discussion about the Joint Venture on 2 March 2001, just before the their
respective bids were submitted that same day, there was no dispute that the
MOU to develop and operate the Site was signed on 8 March 2001 by the Eight
Individuals who comprise the Plaintiffs and the SAA Group. The MOU envisaged
that a Joint Venture company, ie, the New Company, would be incorporated to
develop and operate the Site, and that the Plaintiffs and the SAA Group would
hold 37.5% and 62.5% of the shares in the New Company respectively.

8 Eventually, instead of one company, two new companies were incorporated (ie,
TCAE and TCPL, which collectively comprise the JV Companies) to develop and
operate the Site. The business model for the Project was to use part of the
Site as a used car centre and another part as a shopping mall. The plan was
for the successful bidder, which turned out to be SAA, to grant a sub-tenancy
to each of the JV Companies on identical terms as the head lease between the
SLA and SAA. Each of the JV Companies would then rent or license out
individual lots or units to the ultimate sub-tenants.

9 I set out in Annex A a table of relevant persons and their directorships and
shareholdings in the various companies. In this regard, I note that there is
an inaccuracy in the HC Judgment, where it is stated (at [22]) that “[o]n 25
June 2001, the Eight Individuals [defined as the Plaintiffs and the SAA Group
collectively] 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

See HC Judgment at [13].

were appointed as directors of TCPL.” Rather, it would appear that Tan Senior
and Ong CK had been directors of TCPL from 12 May 2001, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Yeo Boon Hua’s AEIC at para 82.

and that on 25 June 2001, only 6 and not 8 persons were approved as directors
of TCPL (ie, Roger Koh, Samuel Ng, Tan CB, and the Plaintiffs). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

2 AB 338.

Nothing in the HC Judgment is affected by this discrepancy.

10 On 10 July 2001, the SLA granted the first tranche of the head lease, ie,
the 2001 Head Lease, to SAA for three years starting from 1 September 2001. On
the same day, SAA in turn entered into the first sub-tenancies, ie, the 2001
STAs, with each of the JV Companies for a period of three years less one day.

Disputes and the Consent Order

11 Unfortunately, disputes then arose between the Plaintiffs and the SAA Group
in relation to the Joint Venture. These disputes culminated in two actions
commenced by the Plaintiffs, ie, OS 1634/02 and S 703/04, against various
individuals and corporate entities. The two actions were consolidated on 28
January 2005 and were referred to as the “Consolidated Suits” in the HC
Judgment.

12 While the court proceedings in the Consolidated Suits were pending, two
sets of events occurred:

(a) The 2001 Head Lease and the 2001 STAs expired. On 10 September 2004, the
SLA granted a second tranche of a three years lease to SAA in respect of the
Site, ie, the 2004 Head Lease. On the same day, SAA granted the second tranche
of the sub-tenancies, ie, the 2004 STAs, to each of the JV Companies for a
period of three years less one day.

(b) Samuel Ng, Tan Senior, and Ong CK were adjudged bankrupts on 25 April
2003, 29 August 2003, and 5 March 2004 respectively. As a result of their
bankruptcy, the three individuals could no longer hold directorships in the JV
Companies. Tan CB and Roger Koh were the ones formally in charge of operations
from 2004 onwards.

13 On 22 February 2006, the Consent Order was entered into. The Plaintiffs and
some of the Defendants were named parties to the Consent Order, but not Tan CB
and Ong CK. As for Tan Senior, it was disputed whether he was a party to the
Consent Order and whether he had been represented by Tan CB at the hearing at
which the Consent Order was recorded (see CA Judgment at [28]).

14 I have set out the aim and the mechanism originally envisaged under the
Consent Order in [30] to [34] of the HC Judgment. Broadly speaking, the
Consent Order envisaged (a) an investigation into the Plaintiffs’ allegations
regarding the financial affairs of the JV Companies, (b) a valuation of the JV
Companies, and (c) a closed bidding exercise, at the end of which the higher
bidder would purchase the shares of the lower bidder in the JV Companies and
representatives of the lower bidder would also resign from directorship
positions in the JV Companies. The Joint Venture would therefore come to an
end.

15 To give effect to the above, the Consent Order envisaged that the KPMG
entities designated to conduct the investigation and valuation would submit
the Valuation Report in relation to the JV Companies to the parties to the
Consent Order by 2 July 2006, and that the bidding exercise would be carried
out within 28 days thereafter. However, the Valuation Report was eventually
issued on 10 August 2007, more than 13 months after the envisaged deadline.

The present action

16 Importantly, on 8 September 2006, while the Valuation Report was pending,
SAA obtained in-principle approval for the renewal of the 2004 Head Lease for
the third tranche. The formal agreement with the SLA for this third tranche,
ie, the 2007 Head Lease, was signed on 22 May 2007. However, this time round,
SAA did not grant any sub-tenancy to either of the JV Companies.

17 In the circumstances, the Plaintiffs commenced the present suit against the
Defendants to set aside the Consent Order on grounds of repudiatory breach,
frustration, and mistake. In particular, the Plaintiffs claimed that the non-
renewal of the sub-tenancies constituted repudiatory breaches of the Consent
Order. I found in their favour (see HC Judgment at [121]–[178], [227(a)]), and
the Court of Appeal agreed with this finding (see CA Judgment at [112]–[148]).

18 However, while I had set aside the Consent Order and allowed the
reinstatement of the Consolidated Suits as a consequence of the repudiatory
breaches (see HC Judgment at [210], [227(d)]), the Court of Appeal held that
the Consent Order could not be set aside ab initio and that the Consolidated
Suits could not be reinstated by the Plaintiffs (see CA Judgment at
[149]–[173]).

19 On invitation of the Court of Appeal, the parties subsequently addressed
the Court of Appeal on 15 August 2017 regarding the remedies that should flow
from the Defendants’ repudiatory breaches of the Consent Order (see CA
Judgment at [174]–[175]). Thereafter, the Court of Appeal gave directions for
certain claims to be remitted to the trial judge. The directions were set out
in a letter from the Registrar of the Supreme Court dated 24 August 2017. It
stated that the Plaintiffs’ claims in the torts of conspiracy and inducement
of breach of contract were to be remitted to the trial judge for
determination. In the HC Judgment, I did not make any findings in respect of
these two claims as I was of the view that these claims would be subsumed
under the Consolidated Suits which were to be reinstated (see HC Judgment at
[228]). However, as the Court of Appeal decided that the Consolidated Suits
could not be reinstated, these claims have to be addressed by me, and I do so
in the present supplementary judgment.

20 Specifically, the Court of Appeal’s directions to this Court sought my
determination of whether some of the Defendants, in particular, the Defendants
who were not parties to the Consent Order, namely, Tan CB, Ong CK, and Tan
Senior (who was arguably not a party to the Consent Order), are liable for:

(a) the tort of conspiracy (either by unlawful means or to injure) to cause or
procure the contractual breaches as pleaded at para 67 of the Statement of
Claim (Amendment No 2) (“the SOC”); and/or

(b) the tort of inducing the breaches of contract as pleaded at para 68 of the
SOC.

21 The Court of Appeal clarified that the question is whether the Defendants
in the present action, in particular, Tan CB, Ong CK, and/or Tan Senior, had
conspired to procure and/or had induced the breaches of the Consent Order by
the other relevant Defendants. Further, I am not required to consider or find
whether any of the Defendants in the present action owed or breached any
fiduciary duties under the Joint Venture, under the Consent Order, or on any
other basis. I am also not required to consider whether the Plaintiffs’ claims
had been adequately pleaded in the SOC.

22 The Court of Appeal directed that the Plaintiffs’ claims are to be decided
without any further evidence being adduced by the parties, but left it to me
to decide whether further submissions on any particular point should be made.

23 On 28 August 2017, I gave directions for further submissions on the law
pertaining to conspiracy and inducement of breach of contract. Further
submissions have been received.

The decision

Tort of conspiracy to injure by unlawful means

24 Generally, to establish a claim on conspiracy by unlawful means, the
plaintiff must show the following (EFT Holdings, Inc and another v Marinteknik
Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and another [2014] 1 SLR 860 (“EFT Holdings”) at
[112]):

(a) there was a combination of two or more persons to do certain acts;

(b) the alleged conspirators had the intention to cause damage or injury to
the plaintiff by those acts;

(c) the acts were unlawful;

(d) the acts were performed in furtherance of the agreement; and

(e) the plaintiff suffered loss as a result of the conspiracy.

25 In respect of element (a), I note that conspiracy or combination may often,
in the absence of direct evidence, be inferred from the circumstances: “[i]t
is not often that the victim of a conspiracy will be able to obtain direct
evidence to prove the allegation. Proof of conspiracy is normally to be
inferred from other objective facts.” (Asian Corporate Services (SEA) Pte Ltd
v Eastwest Management Ltd (Singapore Branch) [2006] 1 SLR(R) 901 at [19]; The
Dolphina [2012] 1 SLR 992 (“The Dolphina”) at [262]). Furthermore, since proof
of a combination is usually not forthcoming, the unlawful acts being performed
are often sufficient to justify the inference that their commission was the
product of concert between the alleged conspirators (The Dolphina at [264]).

26 In the present case, element (e) is not in dispute. In respect of the other
elements, these will be discussed in the context of the role and participation
of each of the relevant Defendants (ie, Tan CB, Roger Koh, Tan Senior, and Ong
CK), which I will examine in turn.

27 Before I do so, I make one observation about SAA. In view of my findings as
the trial judge, which were accepted by the Court of Appeal, it can no longer
be disputed that SAA is one of the Defendants who had breached the Consent
Order. Under the Consent Order, if the 2007 Head Lease was granted by the SLA
to SAA (as had turned out to be the case), SAA would be obliged to grant sub-
tenancies to each of the JV Companies in respect of the third three year
tranche of the 2007 Head Lease. In short, it was envisaged under the Consent
Order that the JV Companies would have the benefit of such sub-tenancies.
Accordingly, by refusing to grant the sub-tenancies to the JV Companies, SAA
had misappropriated the benefit of the 2007 Head Lease, undermined the Consent
Order, and caused the Plaintiffs to suffer loss.

Tan CB

28 Since SAA is a corporate entity, it must have acted through natural persons
as its officers or representatives.

29 One of these officers or representatives at the material time was Tan CB.
He was a director of SAA both before and after the Consent Order was made (see
Annex A). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

3 AB 782–784; Tan CB’s AEIC at para 1.

It was not in dispute that Tan CB was the one who had, in his own words,
“decided” that SAA would not grant the sub-tenancies in question to the JV
Companies, despite SAA itself having been granted the 2007 Head Lease by the
SLA. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Tan CB’s AEIC at para 182.

Tan CB’s main defence was that there was no obligation under the Consent Order
for SAA to grant these sub-tenancies to the JV Companies. In other words,
there was no prohibition on SAA’s appropriation of the whole of the benefits
of the 2007 Head Lease to itself. However, as stated above (at [17]), the
Courts have found to the contrary.

30 I add that this was not a case of an innocent breach of the Consent Order.
Any suggestion that Tan CB had genuinely believed that SAA was not obliged to
grant the sub-tenancies, and/or that he had genuinely sought and relied on
legal advice to that effect, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

See Tan CB’s AEIC at paras 179–182.

must be rejected. As the Court of Appeal observed, the parties would have
responded “Oh, of course!” if the officious bystander had asked them at the
time the Consent Order was entered into whether SAA should be prohibited from
appropriating the benefit of the 2007 Head Lease pending the performance of
the Consent Order, should the 2004 Head Lease expire before then (see CA
Judgment at [138]). Furthermore, as I explained in the HC Judgment (at [151]),
Tan CB’s claim that he had embarked on this course of conduct out of concern
about the impact of a possible liquidation of the JV Companies on the ultimate
sub-tenants appears to be a sham. Therefore, it was and remains clear that Tan
CB must have known at all material times that if the sub-tenancies were not
granted for the third tranche, this would undermine the bidding process for
the JV Companies envisaged by the Consent Order and cause injury to the
Plaintiffs.

31 Even though knowledge of a probable or certain outcome does not necessarily
mean that there is intention to cause that outcome, the requisite intention
can nevertheless be inferred from such knowledge (EFT Holdings at [101]).
Indeed, it is clear on the facts that Tan CB’s intention was to cause injury
to the Plaintiffs. Notwithstanding Tan CB’s knowledge that the business and
value of the JV Companies would be undermined by his decision for SAA not to
grant the third tranche of the sub-tenancies to the JV Companies, he continued
with the pretence that the valuation and the bidding of the JV Companies would
proceed as envisaged under the Consent Order, without informing the Plaintiffs
of his intention to deprive the JV Companies of the sub-tenancies for the
third tranche. This meant that the Plaintiffs would most likely overbid for
the SAA Group’s shares in the JV Companies, which were in truth bereft of
value. Even if the Plaintiffs had realised in time that SAA would not grant
the sub-tenancies to the JV Companies, they would nevertheless be deprived of
the opportunity to participate in the business of the JV Companies since there
would be little purpose in them submitting a bid when the existing 2004 STAs
were coming to an end. Furthermore, the SAA Group would also in all likelihood
not be making any meaningful bid for the Plaintiffs’ shares in the JV
Companies, if at all. In the circumstances, the irresistible inference from
Tan CB’s conduct was that he intended to injure the Plaintiffs in a targeted
manner either by causing them (a) to overbid for the JV Companies’ shares held
by the SAA Group, or (b) to be deprived of the opportunity to continue
participating in the development and operation of the Site, and to be unable
to obtain fair value for their shares in the JV Companies.

32 It may be that Tan CB also desired to benefit himself, SAA, and/or members
of the SAA Group. But even then, that does not mean that Tan CB could not have
the requisite intention to injure the Plaintiffs. In this regard, conspirators
do not have to act with the predominant purpose of causing injury (Gary Chan
Kok Yew, The Law of Torts in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2016)
(“Gary Chan”) at para 15.064, citing Quah Kay Tee v Ong and Co Pte Ltd [1996]
3 SLR(R) 637). Furthermore, as the Court of Appeal stated in EFT Holdings (at
[101]), injury to the plaintiff may be either an end in itself or a means to
an end. Thus, even if Tan CB had also desired to benefit himself and/or his
allies, that would all the more be evidence that he did intend to cause injury
to the Plaintiffs, as the deprivation of the Plaintiffs of all benefit of the
2007 Head Lease was the necessary means by which Tan CB would be able to
satisfy such desire.

33 Apart from the element of intention, it also cannot be disputed that Tan
CB’s decision for SAA not to grant the sub-tenancies to the JV Companies,
which I had found and the Court of Appeal agreed constituted repudiatory
breach of the Consent Order (see above at [17]), qualified as an unlawful act
required to establish a claim in unlawful means conspiracy (see, generally,
Gary Chan at para 15.068).

34 The real question now is whether Tan CB had acted alone or with other
individuals in concert. While there may be a legal issue of whether SAA can
conspire with its own director, a decision on this issue is unnecessary since
(as will be explained) I have found a conspiracy between certain individual
Defendants to injure the Plaintiffs by unlawful means.

35 However, I should mention that SAA did not act alone. Indeed, it could not
have: to deprive the JV Companies of the benefit of the sub-tenancies, SAA
needed the cooperation of the JV Companies themselves. When the 2004 STAs
expired without SAA granting the third tranche of the sub-tenancies to the JV
Companies, this did not mean that the Site ceased to have any business. In
reality, what happened was that SAA took over the contractual arrangements
which the JV Companies would have had with the ultimate sub-tenants for
another three years. By doing so, SAA effectively reaped the benefits of this
exercise while depriving the JV Companies of the corresponding benefit from a
further continuation of the contractual arrangements with the ultimate sub-
tenants. It is not important how SAA achieved this, eg, by entering into new
contractual arrangements directly with the sub-tenants or by requiring the JV
Companies to assign to SAA the benefits of existing contractual arrangements
with the ultimate sub-tenants. What is clear is that the JV Companies must
have assisted SAA on this course of action by, at the very least, acquiescing
in this state of affairs. Practically speaking, Tan CB was also a director of
each of the JV Companies at the material time (see Annex A), which were in
fact controlled by the SAA Group, or some or one of the members in that group.

Roger Koh

36 The first individual I consider who may have acted in concert with Tan CB
is Roger Koh because the facts concerning Roger Koh are clearer than those
concerning Tan Senior and Ong CK.

37 On the facts, it is undisputed that Roger Koh was a party to the MOU and
also a party to the Consent Order. Roger Koh was not a director of SAA but he
was from June 2001 a director of TCPL, and from February 2004 a director of
TCAE (see Annex A). Although the Plaintiffs alleged that Roger Koh was doing
the bidding of the Tan family (ie, Tan Senior and Tan CB), Roger Koh
disagreed. He maintained that he was a “successful businessman in his own
right”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Roger Koh’s AEIC at para 30.

38 It does not matter for present purposes whether Roger Koh was a puppet of
the Tan family or if he could make his own decisions. More importantly, Roger
Koh’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) did not dispute that he knew
what Tan CB was doing through SAA and also the JV Companies. Rather, his
defence was that it was ridiculous for the Plaintiffs to allege that SAA was
obliged to grant the sub-tenancies to the JV Companies. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Roger Koh’s AEIC at para 56.

As the Court of Appeal has concluded that the parties to the Consent Order
would obviously have known the contrary, this defence must fail. It must also
follow that Roger Koh knew that what Tan CB was doing was in breach of the
Consent Order, but nevertheless acted in concert with him to partake in that
breach, intending thereby to cause injury to the Plaintiffs.

39 Was the conduct of Roger Koh simply one of acquiescence, ie, that he
passively stood by and allowed Tan CB to do as he wished with the JV
Companies? I do not think so. I am of the view that it was likely that Tan CB
consulted Roger Koh and obtained his agreement with the course of conduct in
question especially if, as Roger Koh himself alleged, Roger Koh was a
successful businessman in his own right. Tan CB knew that Roger Koh was a
party to the Consent Order, and he also knew that SAA’s decision not to grant
the sub-tenancies for the third tranche would result in a breach of the
Consent Order which would in turn mean that Roger Koh would, at the least,
also be in breach of the Consent Order.

40 Furthermore, I note that Roger Koh also said in his AEIC that when the sub-
tenancies for the first tranche were about to expire, he had told Tan CB not
to issue fresh sub-tenancies for the second tranche to the JV Companies as
Roger Koh was by then already uncomfortable with the idea of having to work
with the Plaintiffs for another three years. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Roger Koh’s AEIC at para 56.

However, Tan CB decided to renew the sub-tenancies as he was hopeful that the
relationship between the two groups would mend. If Roger Koh were to be
believed on this point, then it was also more likely than not that he did have
his say and played an active role in the decision for SAA not to grant sub-
tenancies for the third tranche to the JV Companies.

41 In any event, the mere fact that an alleged conspirator did not expressly
agree to or actively participate in a conspiracy does not mean that he cannot
be equally liable by acquiescence. In this regard, two points are notable.

(a) A combination between conspirators need not be in the nature of an express
agreement. The Court may infer the existence of a combination from the
circumstances and acts of the alleged conspirators (EFT Holdings at [113];
Raiffeisen Zentralbank Osterreich AG v Archer Daniels Midland Co and others
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 196 at [96]), so long as the alleged conspirators are
“sufficiently aware of the surrounding circumstances and share the object for
it properly to be said that they were acting in concert at the time of the
acts complained of” (Kuwait Oil Tanker Co SAK v Al Bader [2000] 2 All ER
(Comm) 271 at [111]; endorsed by the Court of Appeal in EFT Holdings at
[113]). In this regard, a conspirator need not know all the details of the
plot as long as he is aware of the common objective and what his role in
bringing it about involves (The Dolphina at [282]).

(b) For the purposes of unlawful means conspiracy, the “unlawful means” could
be effected through an omission (The Dolphina at [269]).

42 The 1st to 4th Defendants submitted that the proposition that “unlawful
means” can take the form of an omission applies only where the defendant had
knowledge of and was in a position to prevent the unlawful act but did not
act. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

See D1–D4’s Supplementary Submissions at para 14.

In support, they summarised the facts of The Dolphina to be one where the
defendant ship owner had knowledge of the fraud that the charterer was
perpetuating, and was in a position to prevent the charterer from effecting
the fraud by demanding the return of the bill of lading in question which was
used to facilitate that fraud, but did not do so. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

See D1–D4’s Supplementary Submissions at para 15.

43 It is not clear if the 1st to 4th Defendants’ narrow reading of the legal
proposition on conspiracy by omission in The Dolphina is sustainable. In any
event, even taking their summary of the facts at face value, I am of the view
that the conduct of the defendant ship owner in The Dolphina is closely
analogous to that of Roger Koh in the present case. As I have explained, the
JV Companies must have assisted SAA on the conspired course of conduct, at the
very least, by acquiescing in the state of affairs (see above at [35]). Roger
Koh, as a shareholder and a director of both the JV Companies at the material
time, was in a position to object when SAA declined to grant the sub-tenancies
for the third tranche and when SAA took over the contractual arrangements with
the ultimate sub-tenants. Instead, Roger Koh stood by and acquiesced in Tan
CB’s decision to appropriate to SAA the whole benefit of the 2007 Head Lease,
and he was content for this to happen even though it exposed him to liability
under the Consent Order. In such circumstances, Roger Koh’s acquiescence (even
assuming that his role was so limited) constituted “unlawful means”, and by
such conduct he must have intended to deprive the JV Companies of the benefits
of the third tranche of the sub-tenancies, thereby causing injury to the
Plaintiffs. I add that even if Roger Koh had merely acquiesced, it would not
have been due to a lack of intention on his part to cause injury to the
Plaintiffs but because there would have been no active role that he needed to
play in order to perpetrate the unlawful breach of the Consent Order. Thus,
Roger Koh would still be liable for conspiracy by unlawful means.

Tan Senior

44 I come now to Tan Senior. He was a director of SAA from 25 October 1999 to
23 February 2001 (see Annex A). He was also a shareholder of SAA until 23
February 2001. That date is of some importance because the MOU was dated 8
March 2001, about two weeks after he ceased to be a shareholder of SAA.

45 Tan Senior took various points to distance himself from the breaches of the
Consent Order:

(a) First, Tan Senior’s position was that in or around late 2000, when he was
in his mid-50s, he wanted to let his children and in particular, Tan CB,
gradually take over his business. Accordingly, on or about 23 February 2001,
he sold his shares in SAA to Tan CB and ceased to be a shareholder and
director of SAA (see Annex A). Thereafter, he stopped being involved in SAA’s
business. In relation to the JV Companies which were incorporated in April
2001, Tan Senior explained that although he held 11.25% of the shares in each
of the JV Companies and was appointed chairman for the meetings of these
companies, it was Tan CB who was actually in charge of the day-to-day
management of these companies. It was also Tan CB who handled the Plaintiffs’
enquiries on the financial affairs of the JV Companies. Furthermore, on or
about 1 November 2002, Tan Senior sold his shares in TCPL and TCAE to SAA. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Tan Senior’s AEIC at paras 58–59.

In cross-examination, he said he did so as he was tired and he wanted to let
Tan CB take over. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE 17/9/14 at p 52, lines 9–10.

As he had handed over his businesses to Tan CB before the occurrence of the
breach of the Consent Order, Tan Senior was not involved in any conspiracy to
injure the Plaintiffs through SAA.

(b) Secondly, Tan Senior made the point that as regards the initial tender for
the Site in 2001, although SAA was interested in participating in the tender,
he had a separate interest in the opportunity. This was because another of his
businesses, ie, Kallang Auto, had a sub-lease of a site near Kallang which was
due to expire in or around 2002. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Tan Senior’s AEIC at para 14.

If SAA succeeded in the tender, he would discuss with Tan CB as to when and
how the existing tenants of Kallang Auto could rent spaces at the Site. Thus,
Tan Senior’s interest and involvement in SAA was limited to this extent.

(c) Thirdly, on 29 August 2003, a creditor bank obtained a bankruptcy order
against Tan Senior. He then ceased to be a director of the JV Companies. Tan
Senior alleged that from the time of the bankruptcy order onwards he had no
further involvement in these companies nor did he have access to their
documents and accounts. He could not therefore have been complicit in the
breach of the Consent Order.

46 I am of the view that none of these arguments suffices to distance Tan
Senior from the conspiracy effected through SAA and the JV Companies.

47 In relation to the first point, I am of the view that, in reality, Tan
Senior still had an interest and a continued involvement in SAA and the JV
Companies even though he had purportedly intended to allow Tan CB to take over
his businesses.

48 First, I am aware that Tan Senior did say in his AEIC that he had
transferred his shares in SAA on or about 23 February 2001 to Tan CB as he
wanted Tan CB to gradually take over his business interests. Whether or not
this reason is true, it was not simply because he was feeling tired and wanted
to cease all involvement in his business ventures. If that had been the case
in February 2001, Tan Senior would not have taken a personal interest and
stake in the Joint Venture subsequently in March 2001. As Tan Senior accepted,
he was a party to the MOU in his own personal capacity, and under the terms of
the MOU he was to have a 12.5% stake in the Joint Venture. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 24 November 2014 at para 231.

49 Second, I do not accept Tan Senior’s suggestion that he was chairman of the
JV Companies in name only. Whether or not Tan CB was managing these companies,
Tan Senior was involved and played a role in the management of their affairs.
After all, Tan Senior disagreed that he was just a robot controlled by his
son, Tan CB. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NE 17/9/14 at p 25, lines 2–10.

Further, according to Tan Senior, Tan CB had explained to him the documents of
each of the JV Companies before he signed them. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Tan Senior’s AEIC at para 31.

There would have been no need to do so if he was only a chairman in name. I
also note that when TCPL obtained a credit facility totalling S$12.7m from DBS
Bank Ltd in June 2001, Tan Senior was one of the guarantors. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Tan CB’s AEIC at para 53; Exhibit TCB-14.

It is unlikely that Tan Senior’s involvement in the JV Companies absolutely
ceased when he retained such a significant economic interest in their
operation and viability.

50 Importantly, I also do not agree that when Tan Senior transferred his
shares in each of the JV Companies to SAA on or about 1 November 2002, it was
because he was tired and wanted to let Tan CB take over the businesses. It is
not logical for someone who had been as interested and involved in the Joint
Venture as Tan Senior was, and who had taken a personal stake in the Joint
Venture and signed the MOU dated 8 March 2001, to transfer his shares in each
of the JV Companies on or about 1 November 2002, less than two years later,
just because he was tired. Tan Senior said that he was 71 years old when he
was cross-examined on 16 September 2014. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE 16/9/14 at p 10, lines 18–19.

This means that he was about 58 years of age when the MOU was signed on or
about 8 March 2001 and about 59 or 60 years of age when he transferred his
shares in each of the JV Companies on or about 1 November 2002. No elaboration
was given to explain the sudden onset of tiredness between 8 March 2001 and
November 2002. It is likely that the true reason for the transfer of shares
was that Tan Senior must have already been facing financial difficulties in
November 2002 (keeping in mind that he was made a bankrupt on 29 August 2003,
which was less than a year later), and that his transfer of shares was done in
anticipation of his financial predicament.

51 In relation to the second point, I also do not agree that Tan Senior’s
interest in the Site was for the limited reason that he suggested, ie, if SAA
won the initial tender, he would then discuss with Tan CB as to when and how
the tenants of Kallang Auto could rent spaces at the Site. In cross-
examination, Tan Senior sought to give the impression that this was SAA’s
project as SAA was bidding for the Site. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

See, eg, NE 17/09/14 at p 28, lines 5–24.

However, it was clear to me that SAA was only the corporate vehicle used to do
so. It is notable that in the MOU, which was signed about two weeks after the
bids for the Site’s tender were submitted, Tan Senior was named personally as
one of the parties to the Joint Venture, and under the MOU, Tan Senior was to
have a 12.5% personal stake in the Joint Venture. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 24 November 2014 at para 231.

These facts show that Tan Senior had not told the truth about the extent of
his interest in the Project. His attempt to minimise his role and distance
himself from the Joint Venture is likely to be an afterthought.

52 In this regard, I add that under the MOU, the SAA Group was to hold 62.5%
of the shares in the New Company to be set up. When Tan Senior was asked to
explain how the 62.5% shareholding was derived, he was evasive. He was also
evasive in answering whether there were in fact eight parties in the Joint
Venture with each party holding 12.5% or one-eighth of the shares. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE 17/9/2014 at pp 2–11.

These observations buttress the conclusion that Tan Senior was not forthcoming
about his involvement and interest in the Joint Venture.

53 The more important question pertains to the third point, ie, whether Tan
Senior ceased all involvement with the Joint Venture on 29 August 2003 when he
was made a bankrupt and ceased also to be a director of the JV Companies. In
my view, the answer is no: Tan Senior’s bankruptcy did not materially affect
his involvement with the Joint Venture.

54 At the outset, I agree that it is not clear whether Tan Senior was a party
to the Consolidated Suits at the time they were consolidated. If it had been
clear that Tan Senior was a party to the Consolidated Suits, that may be
evidence of his continued involvement in the matters of the Joint Venture
notwithstanding his bankruptcy. However, according to Tan Senior, although two
of the Plaintiffs named him as a defendant in OS 1634/02 in 2002, the (three)
Plaintiffs did not name him as a defendant in S 703/04 in 2004. Tan Senior
suggested that this illustrated that the Plaintiffs knew that he was no longer
involved in the Joint Venture after his bankruptcy. He alleged that he was
also not a party to the Consolidated Suits.

55 I note that the Consent Order did specifically state that it constituted a
full and final settlement of all claims that the Plaintiffs may have against
the 1st to 5th defendants in OS 1634/02 and the 1st to 3rd defendants in S
703/04. The preamble of the Consent Order also stated that the Court had heard
counsel for the plaintiffs and counsel for the defendants in the Consolidated
Suits. Interestingly, the Consent Order went on to refer to a bidding exercise
by the Plaintiffs and “the Defendants” as defined therein, which definition
included Tan Senior. Perhaps this was due to poor drafting, as the definition
of “the Defendants” in the Consent Order also included the JV Companies and
yet there was no suggestion that either of these two companies was going to
bid for shares in any of the JV Companies. Nevertheless, it is still of note
that no one from the SAA Group or “the Defendants” as defined in the Consent
Order or their solicitors sought to make it clear to the Court there,
including in any correspondence soon after the date of the Consent Order, that
Tan Senior was not to be involved at all in the bidding exercise as he had
ceased to be involved in the Joint Venture ever since the bankruptcy order.

56 That said, the Plaintiffs appeared to accept that Tan Senior was not a
party to the Consent Order. For example, Lim Ah Poh, who is one of the
Plaintiffs, accepted that Rajah & Tann (who was acting for other Defendants
then) did not act for Tan Senior when the Consent Order was entered into. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE 21/01/14 at pp 69–71.

Unfortunately, Rajah & Tann did not elaborate as to why the Consent Order was
worded as it was if, in fact, they did not represent Tan Senior for the
Consent Order.

57 However, even if Tan Senior was not a party to the Consent Order, SAA was
very much a party to and involved in the Consent Order. Was SAA controlled by
Tan CB only, or in truth controlled by Tan Senior as well as Tan CB? Tan
Senior suggested the former. The Plaintiffs suggested the latter and alleged
that Tan Senior and Ong CK were the masterminds behind the conspiracy against
the Plaintiffs. For present purposes, it is not necessary to specifically
identify the mastermind(s).

58 Nevertheless, an indication of Tan Senior’s continued involvement in
affairs of the Joint Venture even after his bankruptcy in August 2003 can be
found in the evidence of his daughter, Tan Bee Bee. Tan CB was not the only
child of Tan Senior involved in SAA or the JV Companies. Tan Bee Bee was also
a director of SAA. In her AEIC which she filed for the present action, she
said that from April 2001 to May 2003, she was in charge of the administration
of payments and receipts for the JV Companies as they were newly incorporated
companies and did not have full-time administrative staff. Thereafter, when
permanent staff were employed, she supervised the administration of these two
companies. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Tan Bee Bee’s AEIC at para 1.

59 Tan Bee Bee said that in April 2001, her father and Tan CB informed her
that “they had successfully tendered for a lease of [the Site] through SAA”.
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Tan Bee Bee’s AEIC at para 4.

This part of her AEIC confirmed that Tan Senior was using SAA to bid for the
Site’s tender, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Tan Bee Bee’s AEIC at para 4.

and that contradicted the suggestion of a more limited interest on Tan
Senior’s part and the claim that he acted only out of concern for the then
-existing tenants of Kallang Auto (see above at [45(b)]).

60 Later in her AEIC, Tan Bee Bee referred to the Plaintiffs’ various
allegations in the present action that they consistently faced obstruction in
obtaining information on the financial matters of the JV Companies, and
responded: “My father is an experienced and reputable businessman. He is open
and aboveboard in all his corporate dealings. Furthermore, the [JV] Companies’
accounts are audited on a yearly basis. There is therefore absolutely nothing
to hide from the Plaintiffs in relation to the [JV] Companies’ affairs”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Tan Bee Bee’s AEIC at paras 9–10.

61 Unsurprisingly, the Plaintiffs submitted that Tan Bee Bee’s response to the
Plaintiffs’ allegations revealed the true state of affairs and showed that it
was Tan Senior who had been calling the shots behind the Joint Venture.

62 In my view, Tan Bee Bee’s response in her AEIC to the Plaintiffs’
allegations was possibly directed to allegations made before OS 1634/02 was
filed. Therefore, it was arguable that Tan Bee Bee’s reference to her father
being open and aboveboard was in the context of that time frame and was not
intended to apply to the situation ex post Tan Senior’s bankruptcy.
Nevertheless, Tan Bee Bee’s AEIC did suggest that it was her father who was
controlling the JV Companies at least initially. Instead of saying that it was
Tan CB who was controlling the JV Companies all along and that her father did
not have any say in the JV Companies, which would have been an obvious point
to take had that been the case, she stressed that her father had been open and
aboveboard in all his corporate dealings. Furthermore, it was also telling
that although her AEIC was filed for the present action in which an allegation
of conspiracy had been made against her father in the context of the breaches
of the Consent Order, and even though her AEIC did address various steps taken
pursuant to the Consent Order, Tan Bee Bee did not once say that her father
had ceased all involvement in SAA and in the JV Companies after the bankruptcy
order against him was made. In the circumstances, I agree that the suggestion
from Tan Bee Bee’s AEIC was that Tan Senior had been calling the shots in both
SAA and the JV Companies.

63 Even if Tan Bee Bee had said that Tan Senior was not involved in the JV
Companies after he was made a bankrupt, the question is whether a person who
had been controlling SAA and the JV Companies had simply relinquished all
involvement in these three companies upon a bankruptcy order being made. Did
Tan Senior truly relinquish all involvement, being content to leave it to Tan
CB to carry on the businesses, or did Tan Senior in fact continue to be
involved through and/or with Tan CB?

64 Unfortunately for Tan Senior, I find him to be an unreliable witness who
pretended to be less involved in the Joint Venture before the bankruptcy order
than was truly the case. Tan CB was also not a truthful witness who had
pretended that he thought he was doing nothing wrong after the Consent Order
was made. I do not believe the evidence of either of them that after the
bankruptcy order, Tan Senior was not involved in any of these three companies
at all, or in particular, the decision for SAA not to grant sub-tenancies for
the third tranche to the JV Companies.

65 I add that Tan CB’s date of birth is 14 November 1967. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE 16/9/14 at p 22, lines 1–2.

He has an engineering degree and had worked initially with the Housing and
Development Board. In 1994, he joined Goodland, a company which he maintained
that his father and brother were founding members. Goodland was subsequently
the contractor engaged to carry out works at the Site. Tan Senior said that
Tan CB already had business experience in Goodland prior to Tan CB being
appointed a director of SAA. According to Tan CB, SAA itself was acquired by
Tan Senior, Ong CK, and himself in or around 1999. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Tan CB’s AEIC at para 7.

Although Tan Senior did not entirely agree that he was the one who taught Tan
CB about business when the latter joined Goodland, Tan Senior did say “[h]alf-
half” when he was asked this question. He declined to agree that he continued
to give Tan CB guidance when Tan CB joined SAA as a director. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE 16/9/14 at p 23, lines 18–23.

Nevertheless, I am of the view that Tan Senior did teach and guide Tan CB in
business matters when Tan CB joined Goodland and that such consultation and
guidance continued even later when Tan CB joined SAA. Tan Senior’s role did
not abruptly end when Tan CB was appointed a director of SAA or even when Tan
Senior became a bankrupt.

66 In the circumstances, even though the Plaintiffs accepted that they did not
have direct evidence of Tan Senior’s complicity, it was likely that Tan CB
still consulted Tan Senior before and after the Consent Order, and that Tan
Senior and Tan CB agreed that SAA should appropriate the benefit of the 2007
Head Lease to itself even though that would mean breaching the Consent Order.

Ong CK

67 Finally, I turn to discuss the role of Ong CK. I should mention that the
Plaintiffs’ counsel informed the Court that they were not pursuing any claim
against Ong CK although they maintained that he was part of the conspiracy.
Nevertheless, I will still consider his role in the event that the issue
becomes relevant.

68 Ong CK is an architect by profession. He was a shareholder and principal
director of AGA which was engaged to perform architectural services for the
Site pursuant to the Joint Venture. Although he and Tan CB were not named in
the first page of the MOU as one of the Joint Venture parties, both of them
signed on the second page of the MOU. Whether they did so to signify that they
were individual and direct parties to the MOU, or they did so on behalf of SAA
who was in fact a party to the MOU, was a matter of some contention in the
trial. I have concluded in the HC Judgment that Tan CB and Ong CK were parties
to the Joint Venture in their personal capacities (see HC Judgment at
[211]–[218]) and this finding was undisturbed by the Court of Appeal. However,
even if Tan CB and Ong CK were involved indirectly through their interest in
SAA, this is not material for present purposes.

69 Based on Ong CK’s AEIC, it was Tan Senior (and not Tan CB) who had asked
him about the Site in or about February 2001. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Ong CK’s AEIC at para 13.

Ong CK involved Tan CB in early meetings and discussions about plans for the
Site. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Ong CK’s AEIC at para 15.

However, it was Tan Senior who later told Ong CK and Tan CB that he wanted to
involve Roger Koh and Samuel Ng in the plan to bid for and develop the Site.
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Ong CK’s AEIC at para 19.

Furthermore, Ong CK said that on or about 2 March 2001, he received a call
from Tan Senior who informed him about the Plaintiffs, whom Tan Senior
believed could contribute about 80 used car tenants and wanted to include in
the development of the Site. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Ong CK’s AEIC at para 26.

70 These allegations show two things. First, that Tan Senior’s interest in the
Site was not limited to asking for space for the tenants of Kallang Auto
should SAA win the bid for the Site, as he had suggested. Secondly, Ong CK had
a closer relationship with Tan Senior than with Tan CB, and this relation was
not just a professional one where only Ong CK’s professional services were
engaged, but also and more importantly a business relationship. It may be true
that Ong CK and Tan CB were discussing details of the intended Joint Venture
with the Plaintiffs. However, the main business decisions including who was
going to participate in the Joint Venture were discussed between and
substantially decided by Ong CK and Tan Senior. Furthermore, insofar as Ong CK
maintained that Tan Senior had been planning to retire from SAA for some time
and actually retired in February 2001 (when Tan Senior transferred his shares
in SAA to Tan CB), 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Ong CK’s AEIC at paras 15 and 21.

Ong CK back-pedalled in cross-examination to say that he did not know the
details of Tan Senior’s retirement plans. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE 3/9/14 at p 34, lines 1–24.

Indeed, Ong CK also said that SAA could still tap on Tan Senior’s experience
and seek his advice. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE 3/9/14 at p 35, lines 8–18.

71 It is not disputed that Ong CK was involved in discussions with Tan Senior,
as mentioned above, and with Tan CB on details of the Joint Venture.
Therefore, Ong CK was not involved solely in his capacity as a professional
architect but also as a business partner. That is why he drafted a business
plan for discussion with the Plaintiffs (either before or after the MOU was
signed) and it was he who drafted the MOU. He was also a director and a
shareholder of each of the JV Companies although he alleged that he was
holding his shares in these companies on behalf of SAA. These facts show the
extent of Ong CK’s involvement in the Joint Venture from the business point of
view.

72 On 8 March 2001, when the MOU was signed, the shareholders of SAA were Tan
CB and OCK International Pte Ltd (“OCK International”). Tan Senior had ceased
to be a shareholder of SAA as he had transferred his shares to Tan CB on 23
February 2001. The shareholders of OCK International were Ong CK himself and
Novelty Department Store Pte Ltd, with each of them holding respectively 75%
and 25% of the shares of OCK International. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Ong CK’s AEIC at para 56.

73 Ong CK participated in the business of the Joint Venture as a business
partner and as an architect providing professional services at least until the
date he became a bankrupt on 5 March 2004. Prior to his bankruptcy, Ong CK
transferred his shares in OCK International to his brother. He said this was
because he needed money. He alleged that since his bankruptcy, he ceased to be
involved with the Joint Venture except to provide assistance to the successor
architect for the renewal of the relevant planning permissions in 2004 and in
2009.

74 The Plaintiffs relied on some evidence to show that Ong CK was still
rendering assistance to SAA even after his bankruptcy, but Ong CK maintained
that such assistance was rendered only because of his professional involvement
in the past with the Project. As the evidence was equivocal, it does not
assist and I need not elaborate on it.

75 However, the question still remains whether it is true that Ong CK ceased
to have any involvement in the Joint Venture as a business partner since his
bankruptcy. As he had transferred his shares in OCK International to his
brother before his bankruptcy, this suggested that Ong CK and his brother
believed that there was value in such shares worth preserving and,
consequently, value in the business of SAA. The question is whether this was a
genuine transfer to his brother, who had thereafter taken over his shares and
business interest in the Joint Venture or whether the brother was really
holding the shares in trust for, as a nominee for, or otherwise on behalf of
Ong CK. Ong CK suggested the former.

76 Significantly, there was no further elaboration of Ong CK’s brother’s
interest in the Joint Venture after the transfer of shares to him. It appeared
that Ong CK’s brother was uninterested in the Joint Venture after having
received Ong CK’s shares. There was no evidence from the brother, and Tan CB
was trying to give the impression that he acted alone after the bankruptcies
of Tan Senior and Ong CK. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

See, eg, Tan CB’s AEIC at para 182.

77 In my view, Ong CK’s interest and involvement in the Joint Venture did not
simply evaporate upon his bankruptcy. This is because his brother did not
truly take over his interest. His brother was holding the shares transferred
to him on behalf of Ong CK, and Ong CK was still involved as a business
partner in the Joint Venture. It was likely that both Tan Senior and Ong CK
continued to discuss and be involved in major affairs of the Joint Venture
both before and after their respective bankruptcy orders and also both before
and after the Consent Order was made. They also discussed with Tan CB (who was
the person executing the decisions) matters relating to the Joint Venture, in
particular, the issue of whether SAA should extend the sub-tenancies for the
third tranche to the JV Companies in accordance with the Consent Order. As was
the case for Tan Senior and Tan CB, Ong CK intended by the course of conduct
to cause injury to the Plaintiffs. It is immaterial whether Tan Senior and Ong
CK were the masterminds, or if all three of them were the co-masterminds.

78 I add that I find Ong CK not to be credible on some contentious issues. For
example, he said that the MOU was meant to cover a three year period only and
not “3 years + 3 years + 3 years”. Yet a business plan that he had himself
prepared referred to a head lease from the SLA for a period of “3 years + 3
years + 3 years”. When this was pointed out to him, he tried to shift the
blame by saying that his personal assistant had put together part of the plan.
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE 3/9/14 at pp 110-114

This was incredulous.

79 Furthermore, when it was pointed out to Ong CK that the sub-tenancies to
each of the JV Companies for the first tranche had express provisions for two
options for renewal for a period of three years each, he initially said that
he took issue with a lawyer regarding this provision, but then said he did not
pay attention to the provision. He could not explain the existence of these
options if the JV Companies were supposed to be given single three-year sub-
tenancies only. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NE 4/9/14 at pp 83–93.

80 As another example, Ong CK also suggested that the Joint Venture was in
respect only of certain premises on the Site pertaining to the used car
centre, and therefore did not include the retail component, even though it was
quite clear that the MOU was not so restricted. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NE 4/9/14 at pp 2–6.

81 In my view, the extent to which Ong CK was prepared to tell untruths at the
trial of the present action suggested that he was not merely attempting to
help a friend, ie, Tan CB, in his dispute with the Plaintiffs, but that he was
not forthcoming about his actual involvement and interest in the Joint
Venture.

82 Accordingly, I conclude that Ong CK was a party to a conspiracy, which
included Tan Senior and Tan CB, to injure the Plaintiffs by denying sub-
tenancies for the third tranche to the JV Companies and appropriating the
benefit of the 2007 Head Lease to SAA instead.

Tort of inducement of breach of contract

83 Generally, to establish the tort of inducement of breach of contract, the
plaintiff must prove the following elements (see Gary Chan at paras
15.005–15.025; Tribune Investment Trust Inc v Soosan Trading Co Ltd [2000] 2
SLR(R) 407 (“Tribune Investment”) at [17]–[18]): 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Plaintiffs’ Supplementary Submissions at para 19; D1–D4’s Supplementary
Submissions at para 17.

(a) the alleged tortfeasor knew of the existence of the contract;

(b) the alleged tortfeasor intended to interfere with the plaintiff’s
contractual rights;

(c) the alleged tortfeasor directly procured or induced a third party to
breach the contract;

(d) the contract was in fact breached; and

(e) the plaintiff suffered injury as a result of the breach of contract.

84 This cause of action concerns only those who were not parties or arguably
not parties to the Consent Order, ie, Tan CB, Tan Senior, and Ong CK. Roger
Koh is a party to the Consent Order and therefore the issue of inducing a
breach of the Consent Order does not arise.

85 In my view, Tan CB, Tan Senior, and Ong CK knew of the existence of the
Consent Order at all material times. There was no suggestion to the contrary.
It is also not disputable, at this stage of the proceedings, that elements (d)
and (e) are satisfied, ie, that the Consent Order had in fact been breached
and that the Plaintiffs suffered injury as a consequence. Accordingly, the
focus of the analysis is on elements (b) and (c), which I analyse in relation
to Tan CB, Tan Senior, and Ong CK in turn.

Tan CB

86 There is no question that Tan CB intended to interfere with the Plaintiffs’
contractual right represented by the Consent Order by deciding that SAA would
not grant the sub-tenancies for the third tranche to the JV Companies, and
would thereby appropriate the whole benefit of the 2007 Head Lease to itself
in breach of the Consent Order. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Tan CB’s AEIC at para 182.

Indeed, as discussed above (at [29]–[31]), interference with the contractually
envisaged mechanism and outcome under the Consent Order was precisely Tan CB’s
object.

87 As for the element of procurement, there is no question that Tan CB, as the
person who admitted that he had made the decision for SAA not to grant the
sub-tenancies to the JV Companies, directly procured SAA’s breach of the
Consent Order.

88 The issue, however, is whether the Said v Butt exception applies to
exonerate Tan CB from liability for the tort. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

D1–D4’s Supplementary Submissions at paras 39–42; D5&D7’s Supplementary
Submissions at paras 15–62.

This exception was concisely stated by Vinodh Coomaraswamy J as follows: “[a]
director is not liable to a third party for inducing or procuring the breach
of contract [by] the company of which he is a director if: (i) he is acting
bona fide in the discharge of his office as a director; and (ii) he is acting
within the scope of his authority” (Tembusu Growth Fund Ltd v ACTAtek, Inc and
others [2015] SGHC 206 at [117]; citing Said v Butt [1920] 3 KB 497 at 506 and
Chong Hon Kuan Ivan v Levy Maurice (No 2) [2004] 4 SLR 801). One view of the
exception is that it is premised on the reasoning that “the director [who
induced a breach by the company] is the company’s alter ego and his acts are
in law those of the company” (Ng Joo Soon (alias Nga Ju Soon) v Dovechem
Holdings Pte Ltd and another suit [2011] 1 SLR 1155 at [76]; cf Gary Chan at
para 15.013).

89 In my view, Tan CB’s conduct cannot be said to be bona fide in the
discharge of his office as a director of SAA. In Otech Pakistan Pvt Ltd v
Clough Engineering Ltd and another [2005] SGHC 98, Kan Ting Chiu J explained
(at [25]), in the context of the Said v Butt exception, that:

… [bona fide] is to be taken to mean that the defendant was acting in good
faith in the discharge of his office, and not that he was acting in good faith
in the action complained of; a director may believe that it is for the good of
the company to breach a contract intentionally. In such a situation, the
principle would operate to defeat the claim … as a matter of law.

90 However, even if I examine only Tan CB’s conduct in relation to SAA, I am
not satisfied that Tan CB decided to procure SAA’s breach of the Consent Order
bona fide in the interests of SAA. There is a clear degree of dishonesty on
the part of Tan CB, who had not just intended to procure a breach of the
Consent Order but indeed sought to deceive the Plaintiffs into a course of
conduct that ran contrary to the letter and spirit of the Consent Order and
would lead to the SAA Group benefiting from an unmerited windfall (see above
at [30]–[31]). Against this backdrop, Tan CB had no qualms in making use of
his directorship to abuse SAA as the vehicle for his questionable conduct. In
the circumstances, Tan CB clearly did not pursue this course of conduct in the
interest of SAA. In any event, it was Tan CB’s own position that he had
procured the breach of the Consent Order not for the interest of SAA, but
because he was purportedly concerned about the impact of a possible
liquidation of the JV Companies on the ultimate sub-tenants at the Site. It is
apparent, in my view, that if Tan CB could be said to be acting bona fide in
the interest of SAA and thus be exculpated from liability, that would render
the concept of bona fides meaningless.

91 I add that it is doubtful that, as a matter of law, the Said v Butt
exception will be satisfied whenever a director procures the company of which
he is a director to breach a contract, so long as there is some benefit that
accrues to the company. If that is the case, the exception would appear to be
too broad, since it is likely that all or most breaches of contract will lead
to some benefit accruing to the party-in-breach in the sense that he will
thenceforth be released from his contractual obligations. It may be that there
must be something more. In the absence of full arguments, I will leave these
nuances to be addressed in a subsequent appropriate case.

92 Separately, counsel for Roger Koh also raised the defence of justification,
which I consider here in relation to all of the Defendants concerned, ie¸ Tan
CB, Tan Senior, and Ong CK. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

D1–D4’s Supplementary Submissions at paras 43–45.

According to Gary Chan, justification is a “little-known defence not given to
any precise definition” (at para 15.023). It would appear that the existence
of this defence is consistent with the Court of Appeal’s statement of the law
on inducement of breach of contract in Tribune Investment: “[t]o knowingly
procure or induce a third party to break his contract to the damage of the
other contracting party without reasonable justification or excuse forms the
basis of the tort of inducing a breach of contract” [emphasis added] (at
[16]).

93 However, even assuming the existence of such a defence in local
jurisprudence, it is clearly not satisfied on the facts in relation to any of
the three Defendants concerned. In Gary Chan, two instances are raised in
which the defence may be invoked: (a) where the alleged tortfeasor acted
pursuant to his moral duty and not for the protection of his personal
interests, and (b) where the alleged tortfeasor acted to protect a legal right
which is equal or superior to that of the plaintiff (at paras 15.024–15.025).
In this case, neither of these are satisfied. None of the Defendants acted to
interfere with the Plaintiffs’ contractual right in the Consent Order out of
moral duty. Nor is there any equal or superior right, such as a pre-existing
contractual right, which the Defendants were seeking to protect. There is no
other conceivable justification for the Defendants’ breach of the Consent
Order.

94 Accordingly, neither the Said v Butt exception nor the defence of
justification applied to exonerate Tan CB from liability for the tort of
inducement of breach of contract.

Tan Senior

95 Tan Senior clearly intended to interfere with the Plaintiffs’ contractual
rights represented by the Consent Order. Indeed, as I have found above, Tan
Senior agreed with Tan CB to procure SAA not to grant the sub-tenancies to the
JV Companies (see above at [66]).

96 The element of direct procurement or inducement, however, is less obvious
here.

97 The first question is whether there was in fact inducement or procurement
by Tan Senior of the breach of the Consent Order. On this issue, I have
concluded that Tan Senior had agreed with Tan CB for SAA to breach the Consent
Order (see above at [66]). In my view, this agreement would constitute
inducement by Tan Senior. In this regard, the fact of inducement can be
inferred from relevant circumstantial evidence and need not necessarily be
proved by direct evidence (see Gary Chan at para 15.014). In Abani Trading Pte
Ltd v P T Delta Karina Mandiri and another [2001] 3 SLR(R) 404, Kan Ting Chiu
J explained as follows (at [36]):

There was no direct evidence here that [the alleged tortfeasor] induced [the
party-in-breach] to cancel the [contract], but the inquiry does not stop here.
Direct evidence cannot and need not be shown in every case. Where one party
sets out to subvert another’s contract, it may not leave direct evidence of
its actions. In such a situation, the target should not be without remedy. All
the relevant facts should be considered, and where appropriate, inducement can
be inferred.

98 The second question relates to the directness of the procurement or
inducement. Generally, direct inducement is necessary to establish the tort of
inducement of breach of contract. Indirect inducement, on the other hand, will
not suffice. In this regard, an inducement may be considered “indirect” if it
is directed by the alleged tortfeasor at a third party (who is not privy to
the contract intended to be breached), and that third party in turn procures
or induces a contracting party to breach the contract. In these cases, the
question is whether the interposition of an additional party between the
alleged tortfeasor and the contracting party whose breach was ultimately
induced will necessarily mean that the alleged tortfeasor’s inducement is not
sufficiently “direct” to establish the tort. In the absence of full arguments,
I make no comment on the general position, if any, that should be adopted.

99 However, it is clear that where the contracting party who ultimately
committed the breach of contract is a corporate entity, it would suffice if
the inducement of the breach “is addressed [by the alleged tortfeasor] to the
managing director or alter ego of the company” (Gary Chan at para 15.013). In
other words, in the corporate context, the alleged tortfeasor in a claim for
the tort of inducement of breach of contract by the company may be liable if
the inducement was made to the company’s managing director or alter ego. This
must be so since a company acts through its officers and any inducement would
have to be made to one or some of its officers. Whether the inducement must be
made to an officer who holds at least the position of managing director or is
the alter ego of the company is a point I need not decide since, in the
present case, it is not disputed that Tan CB was making decisions for SAA and
there was no suggestion of any other more senior officer in SAA than Tan CB.

100 In their submissions, the 1st to 4th Defendants suggested that the present
case was a “prevention” case, and that a distinction should be drawn between
cases involving an inducement to breach a contract and those involving conduct
to prevent the contract from being performed. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

D1–D4’s Supplementary Submissions at para 37.

According to the 1st to 4th Defendants, the latter category of cases are
“prevention” cases, which are “wholly incompatible” with the tort of
inducement of breach of contract. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

D1–D4’s Supplementary Submissions at para 38.

101 In a typical “prevention” case, the alleged tortfeasor either by his own
conduct prevents or disables the contracting party from performing the
contract, or addresses the inducement to a third party (who is not privy to
the contract intended to be breached) and that third party in turn does an act
which prevents or disables the contracting party from performing the contract.
In either situation, there is no inducement by the alleged tortfeasor of the
contracting party committing the breach of contract. Thus, rather than the
tort of inducement of breach of contract, the appropriate cause of action for
such “prevention” cases is the tort of causing loss by unlawful means (see OBG
Ltd and another v Allan and others [2008] 1 AC 1 (“OBG”) at [34]–[38] (per
Lord Hoffmann), [178] and [180] (per Lord Nicholls)).

102 The 1st to 4th Defendants cited GWK Ltd v Dunlop Rubber Co Ltd (1926) 42
TLR 376 (“GWK”). In that case, GWK, a car manufacturer, agreed with a tyre
manufacturer, ARM, that the latter’s tyres would be fitted on all GWK cars
exhibited for sale. Two of GWK’s cars were exhibited at a motor show. However,
on the eve of the show, Dunlop removed ARM’s tyres from these two cars and
replaced them with its own tyres.

103 It is clear that the facts of GWK are very different from the present
case. There, it did not matter whether GWK as the contracting party intended
to exhibit ARM’s tyres as contracted, or if GWK would otherwise have fulfilled
its contractual obligations. Dunlop unilaterally acted to interfere with the
contract. Thus, Dunlop could not be said to have induced GWK to breach GWK’s
contract with ARM. The tort of inducement of breach of contract in that case
would not apply, even though it may be that Dunlop would nevertheless be
liable to GWK and/or ARM for other torts. In the present case, however, Tan
Senior’s inducement was in the form of influence or persuasion targeted at SAA
(through Tan CB) to cause SAA to breach the Consent Order. It was not the case
that Tan Senior had unilaterally acted in a manner such as to prevent SAA from
performing its obligations under the Consent Order.

104 Insofar as the 1st to 4th Defendants cited Lord Nicholls’s dictum in OBG
at [178], 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

D1–D4’s Supplementary Submissions at para 37.

they omitted to cite it in full. After setting out the facts in GWK, Lord
Nicholls went on to explain (at [178]):

178 With hindsight it is evident that the application of the Lumley v Gye tort
[of inducement of breach of contract] to a “prevention” case was unfortunate.
There is a crucial difference between cases where the defendant induces a
contracting party not to perform his contractual obligations and cases where
the defendant prevents a contracting party from carrying out his contractual
obligations. In inducement cases the very act of joining with the contracting
party and inducing him to break his contract is sufficient to found liability
as an accessory. In prevention cases the defendant does not join with the
contracting party in a wrong (breach of contract) committed by the latter.
There is no question of accessory liability. In prevention cases the defendant
acts independently of the contracting party. The defendant’s liability is a
“stand-alone” liability. Consistently with this, tortious liability does not
arise in prevention cases unless, as was the position in GWK, the preventative
means used were independently unlawful.

[emphasis added]

105 Lord Nicholls’s dictum makes clear that in “prevention” cases, the
tortfeasor acts independently of the contracting party. It also buttresses the
conclusion that the present case is not a “prevention” case, since none of the  
Defendants in question “acted independently of the contracting party [ie,
SAA]” (OBG at [178]). The submission made by the 1st to 4th Defendants in this
regard is therefore not applicable to the present case.

106 For completeness, I add that the Said v Butt exception does not apply in
relation to Tan Senior since he was no longer a director of SAA by the time of
the inducement or the breach (see Annex A). In any event, this exception may
be inconsistent with Tan Senior’s defence, which was not that he had acted
bona fide in his office as a director of SAA, but rather that he had not been
involved in the affairs and decisions of SAA at all.

Ong CK

107 I will address Ong CK’s role in respect of the tort of inducement of
breach of contract in case it becomes relevant, even though the Plaintiffs’
counsel said that they were not pursuing any claim against him.

108 Based on my finding above that Ong CK intended to injury the Plaintiffs by
conspiring to ensure that SAA did not grant the sub-tenancies for the third
tranche to the JV Companies (see above at [77]), it follows that Ong CK also
had the requisite intention to interfere with the Plaintiffs’ contractual
rights represented by the Consent Order.

109 As for the element of direct procurement and inducement, I have found that
Ong CK had discussed important matters relating to the Joint Venture with Tan
CB and, in particular, regarding Tan CB’s decision for SAA not to grant the
sub-tenancies to the JV Companies (see above at [77]). Accordingly, there is a
sufficiently direct nexus between Ong CK’s persuasion of Tan CB and SAA’s
breach of the Consent Order.

110 The Said v Butt exception does not apply as Ong CK was not a director of
SAA at the material time of the inducement or of the breach.

Conclusion

111 For the foregoing reasons, I find Tan CB, Roger Koh, Tan Senior, and Ong
CK liable for conspiracy to injure the Plaintiffs by unlawful means, ie, by
procuring or otherwise enabling the breach of the Consent Order. I also find
Tan CB, Tan Senior, and Ong CK liable for the tort of inducing the breach of
the Consent Order by SAA.

112 I will leave the question of costs to be decided by the Court of Appeal.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge

Adrian Tan, Ong Pei Ching, Yeoh Jean Wern, Lim Siok Khoon,  
Joel Goh and Hari Veluri (Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC)  
for the plaintiffs;  
Kelvin Poon, Alyssa Leong and David Isidore Tan (Rajah & TannSingapore LLP)
for the 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th defendants;

Irving Choh, Melissa Kor and Christine Chuah  
(Optimus Chambers LLC) for the 5th and 7th defendants;

8th defendant unrepresented.

Annex A

Party| Capacity  
---|---  
SAA(2nd Defendant)| TCPL shareholder (25 Jun 2001 – present)TCAE shareholder
(Nov 2002 – present)  
Tan CB(7th Defendant)| SAA director (25 Oct 1999 – present)SAA shareholder (25
Oct 1999 – present)TCPL director (25 Jun 2001 – present)TCAE shareholder (22
Oct 2001 – before 22 Mar 2002)TCAE director (9 Feb 2002 – present)  
Roger Koh(3rd Defendant)| TCPL shareholder (26 Jun 2001 – present)TCPL
director (25 Jun 2001 – present)TCAE shareholder (22 Oct 2001 – present)TCAE
director (28 Feb 2004 – present)  
Tan Senior(5th Defendant)| SAA director (25 Oct 1999 – 23 Feb 2001)SAA
shareholder (unknown – 23 Feb 2001)TCPL shareholder (12 May 2001 – Nov
2002)TCPL director (12 May 2001 – 29 Aug 2003)TCAE shareholder (27 Apr 2001 –
Nov 2002)TCAE director (27 Apr 2001 – 29 Aug 2003)  
Ong CK(8th Defendant)| SAA director (25 Oct 1999 – 5 Mar 2004)TCPL shareholder
(12 May 2001 – 25 Jun 2001)TCPL director (12 May 2001 – 5 Mar 2004)TCAE
shareholder (27 Apr 2001 – 26 Nov 2002)TCAE director (27 Apr 2001 – 5 Mar
2004)  
Samuel Ng(6th Defendant)| TCPL shareholder (26 Jun 2001 – 20 Nov 2002)TCPL
director (25 Jun 2001 – 25 Apr 2003)TCAE shareholder (22 Oct 2001 – 26 Nov
2002)  
  
![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

