Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2017] SGHC 21

Suit No 664 of 2015  
Registrar’s Appeals No 269, 270 and 271 of 2016  

Between

| TMT Co., Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

(1)| The Royal Bank of Scotland PLC (Trading as RBS Greenwich Futures)  
---|---  
(2)| The Royal Bank of Scotland PLC (Singapore Branch)  
(3)| Fred Goodwin  
(4)| Neena Birdee  
(5)| Marie Chang  
  
… Respondents

judgment

[Conflict of Laws] – [Stay of court proceedings] – [Natural Forum]

[Arbitration] – [Stay of court proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TMT Co Ltd

  
v

  

The Royal Bank of Scotland plc (trading as RBS Greenwich Futures) and others

[2017] SGHC 21

High Court — Suit No 664 of 2015 (Registrar’s Appeals Nos 269, 270 and 271 of
2016 and Summons No 3671 of 2016)  
Aedit Abdullah JC  
9 September 2016

7 February 2017 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah JC:

Introduction

1 The primary question in the present Registrar’s Appeals (the “Appeals”) is
whether a foreign settlement agreement bars Singapore proceedings. By way of
background, the Plaintiff, TMT Co., Ltd, a Liberian company, active in Taiwan
(the “Plaintiff”), had earlier claimed against the 1st Defendant, The Royal
Bank of Scotland PLC, a British Bank (the “1st Defendant”) in the English
Commercial Court. Subsequently, a settlement agreement was reached between
them in England.

2 The Plaintiff then started proceedings in Singapore against the 1st
Defendant; the 1st Defendant’s Singapore branch office, The Royal Bank of
Scotland Plc (Singapore Branch) (the “2nd Defendant”); the 1st Defendant’s
then Chief Executive Officer, Fred Goodwin (the “3rd Defendant”) and two other
employees, Ms Neena Birdee (the “4th Defendant”) and Ms Marie Chang (the “5th
Defendant”) (collectively, “the Defendants”).

3 The 1st, 2nd and 5th Defendants applied before the Assistant Registrar
(“AR”) for a stay of proceedings. The AR granted the stay. The Plaintiff
appeals the AR’s decision. After the AR rendered her decision, the 3rd
Defendant filed an application to set aside the service of proceedings against
him. This application forms the subject matter of Summons No 3671 of 2016
(“SUM 3671/2016”).

4 For the reasons that I set out below, I dismiss the Appeals and find that
the proceedings in Singapore against the Defendants should be stayed. In
respect of SUM 3671/2016, I find that the service out of jurisdiction against
the 3rd Defendant should be set aside.

Background

5 The Plaintiff, a Liberian Company, is part of a ship-owning group, owned or
controlled by Mr Hsin Chi Su, a Taiwan resident. In May 2007, the Plaintiff
and the 1st Defendant entered into a contractual relationship, through an
agreement referred to as the FFA Account Agreement, under which the Plaintiff
traded in forward freight agreements and options (“FFAs” and “FFA options”
respectively). These trades were cleared by the 1st Defendant through the
London Clearing House (“LCH”), of which the 1st Defendant was a Clearing
Member.

6 In July 2007, the Plaintiff also opened a USD Call Deposit Account with the
1st Defendant to facilitate this trading and hold cash for margin payments for
such trades. Although this account was governed by a different agreement (the
“Currency Account Agreement”), the parties accept that for the purposes of the
present suit, the account operation of the USD Call Deposit Account would be
governed by the FFA Account Agreement. The governing law of both the FFA
Account Agreement and Currency Account Agreement is English law.

7 The trades carried out eventually resulted in losses for the Plaintiff, and
debts were owed to the 1st Defendant. A dispute arose between the Plaintiff
and the 1st Defendant as debts arising from the FFAs and FFA options were not
paid. Eventually, in August 2010, the Plaintiff and its associates filed a
claim in the English Commercial Court against the 1st Defendant, alleging,
inter alia, (a) breach of contract in respect of the FFA Account Agreement,
concerning information as to the requirements for margin; (b) negligence in
respect of those matters; (c) breach of statutory duty concerning risk
management, and other obligations; and (d) negligent misrepresentation in the
account summaries (the “English proceedings”). It was alleged in the English
proceedings that the margin requirements were greatly understated, with margin
requirements being increased from USD 1.7 million to about USD 120 million;
margin calls being increased from about USD 5.7 million to USD 55.5 million
and the provision of various security to meet the margin requirements.
Allegations were also made about assurances made by the 1st and 2nd
Defendants’ employees, the omission of variation margin in the analysis of the
position relating to the FFA options, the use of incorrect account statements;
and the imposition of trading restrictions. It was essentially alleged that
the incorrect information provided by the 1st Defendant was relied upon by the
Plaintiff to make trading decisions, leading to substantial losses. The
English proceedings was eventually settled by a settlement agreement dated 29
May 2012 (the “Settlement Agreement”).

8 The key terms of the Settlement Agreement were as follows:

1\. TERMS OF SETTLEMENT

1.1 In full and final settlement of all and any claims, counterclaims, causes
or rights of action or proceedings of whatsoever nature and howsoever arising
whether known or unknown that [the Plaintiff or its associates] have or may
have against the Defendant or that the Defendant has or may have against any
of the [Plaintiff or associates] arising from or in connection with the
Proceedings and/ or the facts and matters as set out in the statements of case
and witness statements served in the Proceedings (including any allegations no
longer pursued in the proceedings_, the [Plaintiff] shall [arrange for the
Defendant to receive a sum].

The Settlement Agreement also provided for English Law to apply (cl 13.1) and
that the English Courts were to have exclusive jurisdiction (cl 13.2).

9 Subsequently, on 30 June 2015, the Plaintiff started Suit No 664 of 2015
(the “Singapore proceedings”) against the 1st Defendant, its Singapore branch
(the 2nd Defendant), Mr Fred Goodwin (the 3rd Defendant), who was the Chief
Executive Officer up to November 2008; Ms Neena Birdee, a former employee of
Royal Bank of Scotland (“RBS”) Hong Kong (the 4th Defendant); and Ms Marie
Chang, a former employee of the 2nd Defendant (the 5th Defendant). The 4th
Defendant has not entered appearance thus far.

10 In the Singapore proceedings, the Plaintiff alleges that there were
improper and erroneous margin requirements imposed by the 1st Defendant in
respect of the Plaintiff’s trades in FFAs and FFA options, and statements were
issued with these erroneous requirements (the “Margin Call Claim”); various
collateral and security provided by the Plaintiff to meet the margin calls had
been improperly and erroneously valued (the “Collateral / Security Valuation
Claim”); moneys were diverted and instructions delayed by the 1st and/or 2nd
Defendant from its USD Call Deposit Account (the “USD Call Deposit Account
Claim”); that the 3rd, 4th and 5th Defendants had committed wrongful or
fraudulent assistance in respect of wrongful and improper acts by the 1st and
2nd Defendants (the “Wrongful Assistance Claim”); and the Defendants had
committed conspiracy to carry out the wrongful acts with the intention of
causing loss to the Plaintiff (the “Conspiracy Claim”).

11 The 1st, 2nd and 5th Defendants resisted the Plaintiff’s claims before the
AR, seeking a stay of the Singapore proceedings on various grounds. The
Plaintiff, the 1st and 2nd Defendants adduced expert opinions from Queen’s
Counsels on English law.

The Decision Below

12 The AR granted a stay of the proceedings in favour of the 1st, 2nd and 5th
Defendants on 7 July 2016. In reaching this decision, the AR reasoned as
follows:

(a) The Plaintiff was prevented by the Settlement Agreement from making the
Margin Call Claim. It was conceded by the Plaintiff’s expert and counsel that
the Margin Call Claim fell within that Agreement. In any event, the Margin
Call Claim and the other claims were disputes arising out of or relating to
the Settlement Agreement, which should be determined by an English court,
pursuant to cl 13.2 of the Settlement Agreement.

(b) Since the Collateral / Security Valuation Claim, the USD Call Deposit
Account Claim and the Conspiracy Claim fell within cl 20 of the FFA Account
Agreement, stay should be granted in favour of arbitration.

(c) Stay could also be granted under cl 22 of the FFA Account Agreement as
this was an exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour of England.

(d) In any event, England was the more appropriate forum for the dispute, as
the connecting factors pointed to England, and stay should be granted in that
jurisdiction’s favour.

(e) As the proceedings against the 1st and 2nd Defendant should be stayed, a
similar result (a point conceded by the Plaintiff’s counsel before the AR)
should follow in respect of the claim against the 5th Defendant.

The Application by the 3rd Defendant

13 SUM 3671/2016 was filed after the decision by the AR in respect of the 1st,
2nd and 5th Defendants. This was an application by the 3rd Defendant to set
aside the service of proceedings against him. SUM 3671/2016 was heard by me,
together with the Appeals.

The Plaintiff’s Case

14 The Plaintiff obtained an expert opinion from Mr Raymond Cox QC, an English
counsel, on the terms of the Settlement Agreement. Mr Cox was of the view that
cl 1.1 of the Settlement Agreement did not cover claims not raised in the
English proceedings, or which were not connected to such claims, including
through the affidavits or the pleadings. He reasoned that since what the
parties intended must be ascertained by their intention at the time of the
Settlement Agreement, what was compromised was only what was raised and
contemplated in the English proceedings.

15 On this basis, the Plaintiff argues that the general release clause in the
Settlement Agreement (cl 1.1) does not exclude claims which were never raised
or do not have any connection to the claims raised in the English proceedings.
In this vein, the Plaintiff argues that the Settlement Agreement in England
does not bar the Singapore proceedings as the English proceedings were
fundamentally different. The claims in the Singapore proceedings relate to
fraud, conspiracy, diversion of funds, unauthorised use of moneys, and
deliberate delay. None of these were raised in the English proceedings. In
making this submission, however, the Plaintiff departs from their expert’s
opinion in respect of the categorisation of the claims: while Mr Cox accepts
that some of the Plaintiff’s claims are covered by the Settlement Agreement,
the Plaintiff argues that the Singapore proceedings are entirely different
from those in England.

16 In addition to the above, the Plaintiff makes the following arguments:

(a) Clause 1.1 was not intended as a “clean break” between parties to settle
all claims arising out of their relationship. The presumed intention was only
to settle claims in the English proceedings, concerning the misstatement of
margin calls in 2008.

(b) The Arbitration Clause in the FFA Account Agreement did not bar the
Singapore proceedings as it was inoperative and incapable of being performed.
In particular, contrary to the words of the Arbitration Clause, there was no
relevant exchange, as the London Clearing House is not an exchange.
Alternatively, there are strong policy reasons against granting a stay of
proceedings.

(c) The arbitration rules governing the LCH Clearing Members are inapplicable
because the Plaintiff (who is a non-clearing member) is unable to commence
arbitration and/or participate in the arbitration process intended solely for
Clearing Members.

(d) On a proper interpretation of the jurisdiction clause in the FFA Account
Agreement, it is an asymmetrical non-exclusive jurisdiction clause which
operates for the sole benefit of the 1st Defendant. In other words, the
Plaintiff must submit to the jurisdiction of the English Courts if the 1st
Defendant commenced proceedings there. Otherwise, each party is entitled to
commence legal proceedings anywhere else.

(e) The Plaintiff’s claims in the Singapore proceedings are more closely
connected to Singapore, in view of the involvement of the 2nd Defendant and
its representatives, as well as the fraud and conspiracy occurred in
Singapore. Singapore is thus the natural forum.

(f) Time and costs would be saved if the proceedings against the Defendants
were to continue together in Singapore, rather than the action against the 3rd
Defendant stayed alone in favour of England.

1st, 2nd and 3rd Defendants’ Case

17 These Defendants similarly obtained an expert opinion on English law on the
effect of the Settlement Agreement from Mr Adam Tolley QC. He concluded that
the claims in the Singapore proceedings were all covered by the Settlement
Agreement. Applying the usual approach in interpretation, the English Court
would identify what a reasonable person with the parties’ background knowledge
would have understood the contract to require. Mr Tolley reasoned that the
primary consideration was that a settlement agreement operating as a general
release would have been intended to allow the parties to break cleanly of each
other, with a full and final settlement, indicating that there should not be
further issues arising out of the settled matter. Thus, it is highly likely
that the Margin Call Claim and the Conspiracy Claim would be caught by the
Settlement Agreement; it would be likely that the Collateral / Security
Valuation Claim would also be so found, and it is more likely than not that
the USD Call Deposit Account Claim is also covered.

18 Further, the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Defendants rely on 4 alternative lines of
argument to argue for a stay of the Singapore proceedings:

(a) First, since the Plaintiff’s claims had been settled by the Settlement
Agreement, any dispute about the scope of that agreement should be determined
by the English courts pursuant to the exclusive jurisdiction clause in the
Settlement Agreement. Accordingly, the entirely of the Singapore proceedings
should be stayed in favour of the English courts.

(b) Second, all the claims in the Singapore proceedings arise from or relate
to the terms of the FFA Account Agreement. Accordingly, these claims are
subject to the arbitration clause contained in the FFA Account Agreement, and
thus should be stayed under s 6(1) of the International Arbitration Act (Cap
143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (the “IAA”).

(c) Third, all the claims are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
English courts under Cl 22 of the FFA Account Agreement.

(d) Fourth, the Singapore proceedings should be stayed on the ground of forum
non conveniens because England is a clearly more appropriate forum.

5th Defendants’ Case

19 The 5th Defendant, who was not a party to the Settlement Agreement, argues
primarily on the basis that stay should be granted on the grounds of forum non
conveniens.

20 The 5th Defendant argues that in respect of the various claims made, the
witnesses, the place of business of the 1st Defendant (which dealt with the
Plaintiff the most), the transactions and events, the management of the
account, the governing law, all pointed to England as the more appropriate
forum. Further, she contends that there would be no breach of substantial
justice if the trial was conducted in England. The 5th Defendant also
highlights her limited role in dealing with the Plaintiff.

21 Additionally, the 5th Defendant contends that should the 1st and 2nd
Defendants be successful in their application for stay, the action against the
5th Defendant should similarly be stayed, in the interests of case management,
particularly given that the Settlement Agreement would likely bar proceedings
against the 1st and 2nd Defendants’ employees.

Decision

22 The Appeals are dismissed. In respect of SUM 3671/2016, the service out of
jurisdiction against the 3rd Defendant should be set aside.

23 The Plaintiff’s claim against the 1st and 2nd Defendants fall within the
scope of the Settlement Agreement, properly construed, and thus should be
stayed on the ground that there would otherwise be breach of that agreement.
That would be sufficient to dispose of the Appeals. Additionally, the
exclusive jurisdiction clause under the Settlement Agreement also required
parties to litigate any dispute about that agreement in England. In light of
these conclusions, the proceedings against the other Defendants should also be
stayed as a matter of case management, as the cases against them are
intrinsically linked to and dependent upon the case against the 1st and 2nd
Defendants.

24 Of the other grounds relied upon, I find that the arbitration agreement
under the FFA Account Agreement is inoperative. Nonetheless, England is the
more appropriate forum and stay would have been granted on that ground as
well. That would also mean that the service of the writ against the 3rd
Defendant should also be set aside.

25 The 4th Defendant did not enter appearance, so is technically not before
the Court, but I am satisfied that any proceedings against her should
similarly be stayed.

Analysis

The Expert Opinions on English Law

26 As a preliminary point, I find it odd that the parties chose to prove
English law as foreign law given the close connection between Singapore and
English law, and the similarities of the two systems especially in relation to
the construction of contracts. There are of course differences in various
areas, but it would have been entirely appropriate for the parties to have
submitted directly on the interpretation of the Settlement Agreement, and
highlighted any differences in English law, if these were real and relevant.
Be that as it may, when the parties came before me, expert opinions had
already been obtained on the approach likely to be adopted by the English
courts. Each side broadly adopted the conclusions of their respective experts.

The Scope of the Settlement Agreement

27 The 1st and 2nd Defendants’ primary argument is that the Settlement
Agreement covered the claims made in the Singapore proceedings, and thus
prevented these from being made. The Plaintiff argues that the Settlement
Agreement does not extend to the Singapore claims. It should be noted that the
Plaintiff does not argue against the existence or validity of the Settlement
Agreement. Thus, the only matter in dispute between the parties is the scope
of that agreement.

Interpretive principles

28 The two experts as well as the submissions of the parties proceeded on the
basis that normal contractual principles should apply.

29 Mr Tolley referred to various English cases such as Chartbrook Ltd v
Persimmon Homes Ltd [2009] 1 AC 1101; Arnold v Britton and others [2015] AC
1619 (“Arnold”); and Europa Plus SCA SIF and another v Anthracite Investments
(Ireland) plc [2016] EWHC 437 (Comm). He summarised the approach as one using
the reference of a reasonable person, with the background knowledge available
to the parties, would have understood what the parties meant by the language
in the contract.

30 The Singapore approach is not substantively different. In the recent case
of Yap Son On v Ding Pei Zhen [2016] SGCA 68, the Court of Appeal referred to
various English authorities such as Investors Compensation Scheme Ltd v West
Bromwich Building Society [1998] 1 WLR 896, and Arnold (at [37]–[38]). The
Court of Appeal emphasised the need to objectively ascertain the expressed
intentions of the parties; the meaning to be given must be one which the
expression is capable of bearing (at [40]; citing its earlier decision of
Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction
Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 at [122]).

Construction of the Settlement Agreement

31 The issue of construction concern whether the Singapore claims are covered
by the Settlement Agreement. The following claims are made in the Singapore
proceedings (see above at [10] for the details of the claims):

(a) the Margin Call Claim;

(b) the Collateral / Security Valuation Claim;

(c) the USD Call Deposit Account Claim; and

(d) the Conspiracy Claim.

The 3rd, 4th and 5th Defendants are also said to have committed wrongful
assistance to the 1st and 2nd Defendants. That claim would not be material in
determining the scope of the Settlement Agreement as the 1st Defendant would
not be the alleged assisting party.

32 There is no dispute between the experts on the Margin Call Claim: they both
concluded that it would be governed by the Settlement Agreement. In the
Appeals, while the Plaintiff did not agree with the characterisation of the
claims, the Plaintiffs did not strongly pursue the Margin Call Claim in oral
arguments. In my view, what has been described as the margin call claims, i.e.
the erroneous setting of margin requirements and statements relating to these,
clearly overlaps with the claims in the English proceedings, and are thus
covered by the Settlement Agreement.

33 That leaves the controversy to be in respect of:

(a) Collateral / Security Valuation Claim;

(b) USD Call Deposit Account Claim; and

(c) Conspiracy Claim.

(1) The scope of the Settlement Agreement

34 The Plaintiff argues that the Settlement Agreement, through its release
clause in cl 1.1, covered only maters raised in the English proceedings,
whether through the pleadings, or witness statements. In other words, the
release was not meant to cover matters not previously raised in those
proceedings or which had no connection to the matters raised. Referring to the
opinion of Mr Cox, the Plaintiff argues that this conclusion was supported by
a number of factors, including the relationship between the parties, which was
wider than margin or option trading. It argues that the clause in the present
case is not as broad or intended to be as broad as general releases in other
cases. The Singapore claims include several that were not at all part of the
English claims: there was for instance no claim in respect of collateral in
the English proceedings. The English proceedings were focused on the
misstatement of margin calls and the question of the collateral only came up
in respect of determining whether any margin was owed. The 1st, 2nd and 3rd
Defendants argue that the language is sufficiently broad and that there was
clear intention to have a clean break. Mr Cox’s interpretation requires the
addition of words into cl 1.1 and ignores the phrase “whether known or
unknown” in the clause, which includes within the Settlement Agreement claims
not brought in the English proceedings.

35 The language of the Settlement Agreement is broad. I accept Mr Tolley’s
construction that the agreement covers the claims in the Singapore
proceedings. The English cases do support his conclusion. Accordingly, I find
that as a matter of English law, cl 1.1 operated as a very broad general
release.

36 Clause 1.1 of the Settlement Agreement reads, with appropriate breaks:

In full and final settlement of

all and any

claims, counterclaims, causes or rights of action or proceedings

of whatsoever nature and howsoever arising

whether known or unknown

[that any of Claimants or associated persons have or may have against the
Defendant or that the Defendant has or may have against the Claimants]

arising from or in connection with

the Proceedings and / or

the facts and matters as set out in

the statements of case and

witness statements served in the Proceedings

(including any allegations no longer pursued in the Proceedings),

[…]

37 The Recital to the Settlement Agreement defined “Proceedings” as the
proceedings under Claim No 2010 Folio 1018 in the Commercial Court of the High
Court, Queen’s Bench Division. The Recital also contained the following:

The Parties have agreed to settle all claims between them on the terms set out
in this Agreement.

38 Even on a first reading, several phrases above clearly point to the broad
effect of the Settlement Agreement:

(a) “full and final settlement”;

(b) claims, etc. or proceedings of “whatsoever nature”;

(c) “known or unknown”;

(d) covered all possible parties connected with the Claimants; and

(e) claims they had or may have had.

39 All of these pointed to a broad effect being given under English law to the
clause and the Settlement Agreement as a whole. Full and final settlement, all
and any claims, known or unknown, arising from or in connection with the
proceedings and matters set out in the statements of case and witness
statements, including matters no longer pursued in the proceedings – these are
words of very wide import.

40 The Plaintiff argues that the wording of cl 1.1 is not broad, as compared
to the cases relied upon by the Defendants and Mr Tolley. It is true that both
Tchenguiz & Ors v Grant Thornton UK LLP & Ors [2016] EWHC 865 (Comm)
(“Tchenguiz”) and Khanty-Mansiysk Recoveries Ltd v Forsters LLP [2016] EWHC
583 (Comm) (“Khanty-Mansiysk”) involved more broadly worded clauses.

41 Khanty-Mansiysk involved clauses with phrases expanding the ambit such as
(at [13]):

“whether in existence now or coming into existence at some point in the
future”;

“whether or not in the contemplation of the Parties”

“suspected or unsuspected”

In Tchenguiz, reference was also made to present or future claims (at [25]).

42 While there are differences in the language used, I do not find that the
clauses in Khanty-Mansiysk and Tchenguiz are significantly different from that
in the present case. The overall effect is similar. In referring to claims
arising in future, which are claims not in the contemplation of the parties,
whether or not suspected, the parties, as found by the Court in Khanty-
Mansiysk at [38]–[40], were giving very wide effect to their settlement.

43 What does distinguish the clause in the present case from those in
Tchenguiz and Khanty-Mansiysk, is the reference to matters raised in the
pleadings and witness statements. The Plaintiff essentially argues that this
reference operates to restrict or circumscribe the ambit of the release. The
Defendants instead focus on the initial part of the clause and contend that a
broad general release was intended.

44 In my view, the reference to the matters contained in the statement of case
and witness statement could not be taken to limit the scope of the settlement
to only matters covered in the documents. The phrase in question refers not
just to these documents, but to claims arising from or in connection with the
proceedings as well as the statements of case and the witness statements:

[Claims] arising from or in connection with the Proceedings and / or the facts
and matters as set out in the statements of case and witness statements served
in the Proceedings … (emphasis in bold added)

The use of “and / or” suggests that the reference was intended to enlarge and
enhance the scope of the agreement rather than restrict it.

45 Taking the clause as a whole, the settlement is of wide purport, and covers
all disputes connected to the claims originally made, meaning all disputes
that were made as well as disputes that could have been raised by the
Plaintiff arising out of the relationship between the parties. The clause
refers to claims “arising from or in connection with the Proceedings”, and
importantly, “the facts and matters set out in the statements of case and
witness statements”. Such facts and matters would include the whole of the
relationship between the parties and matters leading up to the entry into that
relationship, as well as matters surrounding that relationship. The English
statement of claim raised:

(a) The legal and commercial relationship between the parties, including the
entry into the agreements;

(b) security being given for the various transactions;

(c) the steps required of the 1st Defendant in monitoring information received
from exchanges and clearing houses, as well as the 1st Defendant’s obligations
in ensuring accuracy in the statements; and

(d) breaches by the 1st Defendant in doing so;

I would have considered the defence filed by the 1st Defendant in the English
proceedings a relevant statement of the case as well, but there does not
appear to be anything in the defence and counterclaim which goes beyond the
ambit of the English statement of claim. There is also similarly nothing in
the reply which would expand the ambit.

46 The witness statements in the English proceedings, from Mr Su as well as
the English solicitor, Mr O’Keefe, similarly covered the entry into the
relationship between the parties, including the opening of accounts, the
Plaintiff’s objectives in entering into the contractual relationship with the
1st Defendant, the execution of trades, issuing of statements and provision of
information, the raising of margin in 2008, and the aftermath, including the
demands made by the 1st Defendant. Expert reports were also tendered through
these statements looking into the trading arrangements, calculation of margin
and reporting of information. For its part, the 1st Defendant had a witness
statement detailing its version of events, starting from the entry into the
relationship, the trading and clearance of such trades, the margining
required, the giving of statements and the obtaining of security. Even though
some of the statements were given in respect of injunction applications, these
statements would nevertheless be part of the material within the clause, which
refers to statements in the proceedings.

47 The coverage in the claim and witness statements included the whole of the
relationship between the Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant, that is, the
commercial relationship that they entered into, centred on the trades in the
contracts and options, the financing of these transactions and the security
that needed to be given. In turn, the use of the phrase “arising from or in
connection with…” in cl 1.1 allows matters to be brought within the coverage
of the Settlement Agreement even if it may otherwise be only indirectly linked
to the statements of case or the witness statements. It is clear therefore
that the Settlement Agreement covers the whole of the relationship between the
Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant that arose in respect of the trades carried
out by the Plaintiff through the 1st Defendant.

48 Having said that, the Settlement Agreement is not all-encompassing to bar
every conceivable claim against the 1st Defendant. The Settlement Agreement
would not cover matters such as, for instance, defamation that was committed
by any officer of the 1st Defendant against any officer of the Plaintiff, or
any physical injury caused by any assault or other physical torts committed by
any officer of the Defendant against the Plaintiff’s employees.

49 Furthermore, it is important to note that the clause is not limited to
claims specifically raised in the statement of claim or factual allegations
raised in the witness statements. The language used is “arising from or in
connection with” the proceedings, and “the facts and matters set out in the
statements of case and witness statements” (emphasis added in italics).
Accordingly, the clause captures not only positive assertions, but also the
facts describing the position of and relationship between the parties.

50 It may be that there are other ways of describing such a wide purport. Both
the cases of Tchenguiz and Khanty-Mansiysk perhaps illustrate these
alternatives. However, the fact that the Settlement Agreement in the present
case phrased matters differently does not diminish the effect of the plain
words used.

51 This conclusion is reinforced by the background giving rise to the
Settlement Agreement. The Plaintiff argues that a number of claims were not
made in the English proceedings, including allegations relating to the
collateral. But the release clause does not require that a claim must have
been raised expressly. The wide ambit and operation of the release clause, as
noted above, covers matters arising out of the relationship and interaction
between the parties as well as connected to that relationship. That would thus
encompass claims in relation to the accounts opened by the Plaintiff with the
1st Defendant, the operation and any misuse of such accounts by both parties,
and any abuse or misuse of the relationship between the parties. Accordingly,
the Settlement Agreement would encompass all of the Plaintiff’s’ claims in the
Singapore proceedings against the 1st Defendant, including the collateral
issue.

52 Aside from the general language used, the claims in Singapore do coincide
with those made in England:

(a) First, the Margin Call Claim overlaps with the claims made in the English
proceedings, raising issues about the margin requirements, assurances made by
the 1st Defendant and the provision of security. In the Singapore proceedings,
even though the Plaintiff additionally argues that the misstatement of
information was intentional, an allegation which was not raised in the English
proceedings, the claim is still founded on the same factual basis. I thus
accept Mr Tolley’s opinion that an English court would highly likely conclude
that the Margin Call Claim would be covered by the Settlement Agreement.

(b) Second, in the Collateral / Security Valuation Claim, since the issues
concerning valuation would affect the margin requirements; it would be
connected to the previous English claims in respect of the 1st Defendant’s
breach of duties in relation to the margins and collateral.

(c) Third, the USD Call Deposit Claim concerns funds held by the Plaintiff
with the 1st Defendant. As noted by Mr Tolley, there is no immediately obvious
overlap with the claims made in the English proceedings. However, the deposit
account was used or intended to facilitate the Plaintiff’s trading, and would
be covered by the broad language used in cl 1.1.

(d) Fourth, as regards the Conspiracy Claim and fraudulent misrepresentation
in Singapore, this was founded on facts relied upon in the English
proceedings, and would similarly be covered by the same broad language.

53 The position of the 2nd Defendant would be tied to that of the 1st
Defendant and covered by the Settlement Agreement: it is not a separate legal
entity. It exist only as the local branch of the 1st Defendant. Registration
in Singapore may be required for some purposes, but any such registration
would not detract from its unity with the 1st Defendant. The Plaintiff has
also not put forward any substantial argument why the 2nd Defendant should be
treated separately from the 1st.

54 Accordingly, I accept the opinion of Mr Tolley in preference to that of Mr
Cox, and find that the Settlement Agreement covers the claims in the present
case. In general, I prefer the opinion of Mr Tolley, giving the opinion for
the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Defendants, as being more in accord with the plain words
used and more in line with the commercial purpose of the Settlement Agreement.

55 As the claims in the Singapore proceedings are covered by the Settlement
Agreement, a stay should be granted in favour of the parties to the agreement,
namely the Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant. Since the 2nd Defendant is just a
branch office of the 1st Defendant, it should similarly have a stay granted in
its favour. The 3rd Defendant is sued in his capacity as a former officer of
the 1st Defendant; he should thus be entitled to the coverage of a stay in
favour of his former employer. The employment relationship also decides the
issue in relation to the 4th and 5th Defendants. And thus, the Wrongful
Assistance Claim is to be similarly stayed.

(2) Approach in Singapore

56 Thus far, I have considered the position as a matter of English law. But in
addition, as a matter of general principle, as a judge in a Singapore court, I
am of the view that the Plaintiff’s basic contention that the Settlement
Agreement could only be in respect of the disputes that were alive in the
claims made, as gleaned by the specific averments and allegations in the case
and witness statements, takes a very narrow and impractical approach. Where a
claim is compromised between the parties, the inherent probabilities would
generally be that the parties would have intended to have all disputes arising
out of that very subject matter between them, resolved once and for all.
Narrow language can constrict and point to a different conclusion, but I do
not find that the language of cl 1.1 is so narrow.

The Exclusive Jurisdiction Clause under the Settlement Agreement

57 The 1st to 3rd Defendants further argue that even if there is any doubt
about the scope of the Settlement Agreement, the present application concerns
a dispute covered by the exclusive jurisdiction clause (cl 13.2) under the
Settlement Agreement (the “Exclusive Jurisdiction Clause”). It is trite law
that the question of whether a dispute falls under an exclusive jurisdiction
clause is determined by the proper law of that jurisdictional agreement.

58 In the present case, the proper law is thus English law (see above at [8]).
Again, as in the context of interpretation of contracts highlighted above at
[26], I am not satisfied that there is any significant difference in the
approach adopted in this regard between English law and Singapore law.

59 Here, the Exclusive Jurisdiction Clause refers to disputes “which may arise
out of or in any way relate” to the Settlement Agreement. A natural
interpretation of the plain words is that the clause is concerned with
disputes or issues about the interpretation of the Settlement Agreement, or
connected with it.

The proper scope of the Exclusive Jurisdiction Clause

60 In my view, the Exclusive Jurisdiction Clause covers all disputes between
the parties in relation to the construction, ambit and width of the Settlement
Agreement. It would be natural to assume in the face of the agreement and the
jurisdiction clause, that any jurisdiction clause would be intended to be
given wide import, with all disputes being heard in the same court. A similar
point is made by Professor Adrian Briggs, Private International Law in English
Courts (Oxford University Press, 2014) at para 4.422:

… [T]he material scope of an agreement on jurisdiction will be determined by
using ordinary rules of contractual construction, applied with something of a
twist. The court will be strongly predisposed to give a broad interpretation
to the words which have been sued to define the material scope of the clause:
they will find it almost incomprehensible that businessmen would have wanted,
and that rational draftsmen would have provided for, some aspects of a dispute
to be subject to the jurisdiction of a named court while others, liable to
arise out of substantially the same facts, would be free to be brought before
a court elsewhere.

Restraint of breach of the Exclusive Jurisdiction Clause

61 If the Exclusive Jurisdiction Clause applies, then the next question is
what the response should be. The law on this was laid down by the Court of
Appeal in Golden Shore Transportation Pte Ltd v UCO Bank and another appeal
[2004] 1 SLR(R) 6 (“Golden Shore”): such a clause would be given effect to.
Generally, proceedings brought in Singapore in contravention of an exclusive
jurisdiction clause would be stayed, unless exceptional circumstances are
shown. In Golden Shore, the Court of Appeal stated at [33]:

33 It is settled law that where a party seeks to bring an action in a
Singapore court in breach of an exclusive jurisdiction clause, he must show
exceptional circumstances amounting to “strong cause” why the court should
exercise its discretion in his favour and assist him in breaching his promise
to bring the action in the contractual forum: see The Jian He [1999] 3 SLR(R)
432. The burden to show such strong cause obviously rests with the plaintiff,
because prima facie he should be held to his contractual commitment. The
factors which a court will take into account in determining whether there is a
“strong cause” were elaborated in The El Amria [1981] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 119 and
adopted by this court in Amerco Timbers Pte Ltd v Chatsworth Timber Corp Pte
Ltd [1977–1978] SLR(R) 112. They are:

(a) In what country the evidence on the issues of fact is situated or more
readily available, and the effect of that on the relative convenience and
expense of trial as between the Singapore and foreign courts.

(b) Whether the law of the foreign court applies and, if so, whether it
differs from Singapore law in any material respects.

(c) With what country either party is connected and, if so, how closely.

(d) Whether the defendants genuinely desire trial in the foreign country, or
are only seeking procedural advantages.

(e) Whether the plaintiffs would be prejudiced by having to sue in the foreign
court because they would:

(i) be deprived of security for their claim;

(ii) be unable to enforce any judgment obtained;

(iii) be faced with a time-bar not applicable here; or

(iv) for political, racial, religious or other reasons be unlikely to get a
fair trial.

Here, in contrast, the Plaintiff could not show such circumstances. Nothing
was raised in the evidence to support disregarding the Exclusive Jurisdiction
Clause. The proceedings in Singapore should thus be stayed on this ground.

The Arbitration Clause

62 The further alternative argument advanced by the 1st to 3rd Defendants is
that a stay of the present proceedings should be granted as the dispute is
covered by the arbitration clause contained in the FFA. However, I disagree
with these Defendants on this ground.

63 In Tomolugen Holdings Ltd and another v Silica Investors Ltd and other
appeals [2016] 1 SLR 373 (“Tomolugen”), the Court of Appeal laid down the
criteria of review for stay under the IAA at [63]:

… In our judgment, a court hearing such a stay application should grant a stay
in favour of arbitration if the applicant is able to establish a prima facie
case that:

(a) there is a valid arbitration agreement between the parties to the court
proceedings;

(b) the dispute in the court proceedings (or any part thereof) falls within
the scope of the arbitration agreement; and

(c) the arbitration agreement is not null and void, inoperative or incapable
of being performed.

The Defendants would thus have to show that prima facie the arbitration clause
existed and covered the dispute.

64 The Plaintiff’s main point, citing its expert, Mr Cox, is that the clause
cannot apply as it contemplates there being a relevant exchange, and there is
in fact no relevant exchange. I agree with that. The arbitration clause in
question does not on its face apply to the present dispute, or conceivably to
most, if not all, possible disputes between the parties in this case. Thus, it
fails on the second criteria of review laid down in Tomolugen. It may be also
that the clause fails the third criteria, as it is inoperative or incapable of
being performed. I do not think that the precise criteria matters here.

65 Cl 20 of the FFA Account Agreement, reads:

20\. Arbitration

Any dispute arising from or relating to these terms or any Contract made
hereunder shall, unless resolved between us, be referred to arbitration under
the arbitration rules of the relevant exchange or any other organisation as
the relevant exchange may direct and both parties agree to, such agreement not
to be unreasonable withheld, before either of us resort to the jurisdiction of
the Court.

The difficulty is apparent from the plain words. Clause 20 clearly
contemplates that there be an exchange. There are only two ways the
arbitration can be carried out and both of which require the involvement of an
exchange. The first way is for it to be conducted under the arbitration rules
of the relevant exchange. The second way is for the relevant exchange to
choose another organisation’s arbitration rules with the parties’ agreement.
Thus, it is clear that the existence of an exchange was required for a dispute
to be under the scope of the arbitration agreement. No exchange was however
involved in the present matters. The trades were carried out through a
clearing house, which is a different type of organisation.

66 The Defendants relied on Mr Tolley’s opinion that the English courts would
not limit cl 20 to only situations where an exchange is involved. He would
have read the clause as referring to either an exchange, or in the alternative
a clearing house. However, this requires a significant rewriting of the clause
as it actually stands to “the rules of an exchange and / or its clearing
house”.

67 The justification for this was that it would otherwise be unattractive for
some claims to be arbitrated while others are not. But the response to that
argument is that is what the parties bargained for, and the Courts would be
slow to override the plain words in the parties’ agreement. Further, I am
unable to conclude on the evidence before me that there is any absurdity to
this interpretation or that the parties intended to give an expanded meaning
to the word “exchange”. The Defendants further argue that if there was any
issue about the arbitration clause, this should be left to the arbitral
tribunal, citing Tomolugen. However, based on my conclusions above, since the
requisite threshold for a stay is not crossed, the question of leaving the
matter to the arbitral tribunal does not even arise.

68 Mr Tolley’s opinion also raises the argument that the English courts would
focus on the provision for arbitration, treating the rest of the clause as the
relevant mechanism, which could be modified or adapted to address the
situation at hand. I could not agree with this conclusion about the approach
of the English courts. Certainly, whether under English or Singapore law,
party autonomy in selecting arbitration or other dispute resolution mechanisms
would be encouraged and supported, but additionally, neither English nor
Singapore courts would readily rewrite the agreements entered into between
parties, especially in a commercial agreement between commercial entities,
which presumably would have been scrutinised by legal advisors. If there were
any slips despite such scrutiny, the parties would have to live with the
consequences.

69 That disposes of the Defendant’s reliance on cl 20 of the FFA Account
Agreement. The other arguments made in relation to the requirements of s 6 IAA
can be considered very briefly. I agree with the Defendant’s submission that
there was no wavier of the arbitration clause through the English proceedings.
In any case, the Plaintiff does not raise this argument. What the Plaintiff
argues however, is that there are strong public policy reasons against a stay,
as the issues raised in the Singapore proceedings touch on the integrity of
the financial sector of Singapore and the conduct of a major financial centre
in England. I disagree because neither of these reasons is a public policy
reason that is sufficiently strong to stay arbitration. The mere allegation of
abuse or conduct involving a financial institution, even a large one, cannot
be grounds to deny arbitration if that is what the parties agreed. In other
words, such disputes cannot be non-arbitrable merely because it tangentially
engage such concerns. The evidential threshold is also significant, on which I
find that the allegations raised by the Plaintiff do not cross.

Exclusive jurisdiction clause under the FFA Account Agreement

70 I turn now to consider the alternative argument advanced by the 1st to 3rd
Defendants that all the claims in the Singapore proceedings are subject to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts under the FFA Account Agreement.

71 The basis for this is found in cl 22, which reads:

Subject to term 20 [the arbitration clause] above, disputes arising from these
terms or from any Contract shall, for our benefit, be subject to the
jurisdiction of the English courts to which both parties hereby irrevocably
submit, provided however that we shall not be prevented from bringing an
action in the courts of any other competent jurisdiction.

[emphasis added]

72 Clause 22 appears to be a unilateral or asymmetrical exclusive jurisdiction
clause: that is, the Plaintiff is bound to commence proceedings for claims
under the FFA Account Agreement in England, and both parties submit to that
jurisdiction, but the 1st Defendant may bring such an action in any other
court (the question of submission to jurisdiction in such an event apparently
being left open).

73 The Plaintiff argues that the clause is not an exclusive jurisdiction
clause, citing the decision in Perella Weinberg Partners UK LLP and another v
Codere SA [2016] EWHC 1182 (Comm) (“Perella Weinberg”). The English High Court
in that case concluded that the clause in question there was not an asymmetric
exclusive jurisdiction clause. However, the clause considered in Perella
Weinberg is materially different from cl 20 as it provided that “[the
defendant] agrees for the benefit of [the plaintiff] that the courts of
England will have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute which may
arise in connection with this engagement” (emphasis added). The clause thus
expressly stated that the English courts would have non-exclusive jurisdiction
which was crucial in the decision of the court (see Perella Weinberg at [27]
and [36]). That is a far cry from the present clause.

74 It should be noted that the Plaintiff does not argue in the present case
that an asymmetric jurisdiction clause is unenforceable, though there is some
reference to this in the Plaintiff’s affidavits. In any event, such an
argument would probably not have succeeded. As noted in Mauritius Commercial
Bank Limited v Hestia Holdings Limited and another [2013] EWHC 1328 at [42],
there is no reason why such an asymmetric clause should not be enforceable if
it was entered into freely between the parties; the court would hold the
parties to the bargain they entered into.

75 The Plaintiff does not seem to take the position that the disputes are not
covered by the clause. Instead, its argument is that the clause does not
impose an obligation binding upon the Plaintiff in respect of the disputes.
This could not be correct: the clause is part of the contract entered into
between the parties, the effect of which is the parties’ irrevocable
submission to the jurisdiction of the English courts.

76 I note that the Plaintiff’s affidavit also referred to cl 22 falling away
if cl 20 is invalid and unenforceable, but this was not pursued in argument.
Had this been a live point, I would have agreed with the Defendants that there
is nothing in the clauses that compels this conclusion.

Singapore not the more appropriate forum

77 Where proceedings in Singapore are sought to be stayed in favour of
proceedings abroad, or where service out of jurisdiction is sought to be set
aside, the Court has to be determine which forum is the more appropriate one.
This is governed by the English case of Spiliada Maritime Corp v Cansulex Ltd
(The Spiliada) [1987] AC 460 (“Spiliada”), as applied by the Court of Appeal
in Rickshaw Investments Ltd v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377
(“Rickshaw Investments”) (at [12] – [14]) as a two-stage test. At the first
stage, the question is whether there is some other forum which is more
appropriate, considering where factors demonstrating a real and substantial
connection point to. At the second stage, once a forum is determined, the
court considers if there are any reasons indicating that stay should or should
not be granted for reasons of justice.

78 Here, what actually was sought was leave to serve out of the jurisdiction.
This was obtained by the Plaintiff in respect of the 1st, 3rd and 4th
defendants. In such a case, the burden lies on the Plaintiff to show that
Singapore is a more appropriate forum (Oriental Insurance Co Ltd v Bhavani
Stores Pte Ltd [1997] 3 SLR(R) 363 at [16]; affirmed recently by the Court of
Appeal in Zoom Communications Ltd v Broadcast Solutions Pte Ltd

  

[2014] 4 SLR 500 (“Zoom Communications”) at [71]). Service on the 2nd and 5th
Defendants was as of the Plaintiff’s right within the jurisdiction, and the
burden thus lies on the Defendant to show that some other forum, i.e. England,
is the more appropriate forum (Zoom Communications at [72]). It would seem
that in light of the mixed factual situation, neither party relies on the
burden of proof in this case. I am of the view that in a mixed situation, the
Court can if one claim is clearly primary or dominant, look to that claim, and
apply the appropriate burden. Here, the primary claim would have been against
the 1st Defendant, and the burden ought to have been on the Plaintiff.

79 But even aside from consideration of the burden alone, I am of the view
that England is the more appropriate forum. The various factors here point
towards England. Relevant connecting factors include personal connections,
connections to events, the governing law, the presence of other proceedings
and the shape of the litigation: JIO Minerals FZC and others v Mineral
Enterprises Ltd [2011] 1 SLR 391 at [42].

(1) Location of evidence and events

80 The primary factor pointing to Singapore being the more appropriate forum
is the presence and activity of the 2nd Defendant. The Plaintiff has no direct
connection to Singapore, being a Liberian company with activities in Taiwan.
The 1st Defendant has its place of business in England. The 5th Defendant is
in Singapore, but given her smaller role as compared to the 1st and 2nd
Defendants, her position is really tied to theirs. While the Plaintiff placed
great store on the presence of witnesses and occurrence of events in
Singapore, I am satisfied that the primary witnesses would be in England, and
that most of the relevant events occurred there. England is thus the
jurisdiction where the witnesses and evidence is likely to be found.

81 I do not accept the Plaintiff’s arguments that it is the 2nd Defendant’s
activities that are material here. The claims made in the present proceedings
relate to the calls made on the margins, valuation of collateral, and
diversion of funds. These activities relate to maters in England. The USD call
deposit account was set up there. Negotiations as to the collateral took place
there. Monitoring occurred from London. Clearance was carried out by the 1st
Defendant’s team located there. The parties here disagreed on the identity of
the person on the Plaintiff’s side who directed the trading strategy: the
Plaintiff pointed to a Ms Chen acting through Singapore, while the Defendants
say it was either Mr Lee in London, or Mr Su in Taiwan. This question may need
to be resolved at trial, but in any event, the source of the instructions is
very unlikely to outweigh the other matters pointing towards England.

82 In comparison, the activities of the various employees of the 2nd Defendant
were not significant. While margin calls were sent out by the 2nd Defendant in
Singapore, this was again secondary to the other activities in London. The
Conspiracy Claim concerned margin requirements, valuation and remittance, all
in relation to England. I accept the Defendants’ argument that the role of the
2nd Defendant’s employees was primarily in communication or facilitating
matters. The actual financial and trading transactions took place in London. I
do not accept the Plaintiff’s contentions that the relevant witnesses are in
Singapore. The Plaintiff argues that the relevant witnesses are from the 2nd
Defendant, who interacted with an officer of their company. However, the
Plaintiff’s arguments are not substantiated – these employees of the bank do
not seem to have played any significant independent role: even if any of them
are material witnesses, they are secondary to the witnesses in England.

83 Given that the activities and events were centred in England, the evidence
and witnesses are primarily centred there as well. These are significant
pointers for England being more appropriate. It is true that the physical
location of witnesses is perhaps less important than it may have been in the
past, but testimony by videoconference is always at least a little less
satisfactory for the judge and counsel than live testimony.

84 The Plaintiff also raises the fact that a number of the English witnesses
identified by the Defendants did not feature in the English proceedings. The
Plaintiff’s argument would seem to be that these witnesses are really an
afterthought, and not material to the determination of the case. I do not
accept this argument: the fact that these witnesses were previously not part
of the English proceedings does not mean that they cannot be material in a
properly run and properly prepared case on the claims made now.

85 The Defendants also point to the Plaintiff’s previous invocation of the
English jurisdiction. However, this does not take the Defendants very far: the
fact that a party may have previously started proceedings in another court
does not point towards the jurisdiction of that court in a Spiliada analysis.
This is in line with the fact that waiver or estoppel would not be operative
in this context.

86 I also give less weight to the argument that opinion evidence would
probably be obtained from English experts in view of the location of the LCH
in London. The location of expert evidence is more readily portable, and would
thus not be a significant factor in this analysis.

(2) The governing law

87 The governing law is English law. However, this factor is perhaps not a
significant factor pointing towards English courts as the more appropriate
forum. The claims relating to breach of contract concerned the FFA Account and
Current Account Agreements, both of which were governed by English law. The
fiduciary duties arising under the contractual relationship would probably
fall to be determined under English law as well given that the underlying
relationship was founded on English contracts and the actions in question took
place in England: this may be an intricate question, and need not be
determined conclusively here. As for the tortious claims, it is also not
necessary to recount in detail the double actionability rule, but it suffices
to note that the allegations of the Plaintiff relate to the instructions of
the 3rd Defendant, who was in England, and such instructions would primarily
have been centred in London too.

(3) Conclusion as to the forum non conveniens

88 I accept that the centre of gravity of the various matters relevant to the
claims made is England. The Singapore connecting factors are much more tenuous
in comparison.

The position of the other Defendants

89 The discussion above leads to the conclusion that the proceedings against
the 5th Defendant should be stayed as well, at the very least as a matter of
prudent case management. The primary substantive claim is against the 1st and
2nd Defendants. Since I have found that the Settlement Agreement applies to
this claim, and proceedings should be taken up, if at all, in the English
Courts, the action against the 5th Defendant, and also the 4th Defendant,
should be pursued there as well. In addition, the arguments made by the 5th
Defendant in respect of forum non conveniens also point to England as the
appropriate forum.

Claims against Goodwin

90 In SUM 3671/2016, the 3rd Defendant argues that leave should not have been
granted to serve him out of the jurisdiction. The requirements for leave to
serve out of jurisdiction are that a good arguable case is shown that the case
falls within one of the heads under O 11 r 1, that there is a serious issue to
be tried, and the Court’s discretion ought to be exercised in favour of
service on the grounds of forum non conveniens.

91 In this setting aside application, the 3rd Defendant makes three cumulative
arguments: (1) Singapore is not the appropriate forum (2), that there is no
serious issue to be tried and (3) that there was material non-disclosure.

92 I find the first argument to be most decisive. For the reasons raised in
respect of the stay proceedings, the leave to serve the 3rd Defendant should
also be set aside. Even if the Court were to only stay the Singapore
proceedings in favour of arbitration, the 3rd Defendant should not be sued
separately in Singapore. Similarly if the claims should be stayed under the
FFA Account Agreement or forum non conveniens, the claims against the 3rd
Defendant should be heard in England.

93 As for the non-disclosure, the 3rd Defendant argues that the Plaintiff
failed to inform the Court that the relationship between the Plaintiff and the
1st Defendant is subject to an Exclusive Jurisdiction Clause, and that there
is an overlap between the Singapore proceedings and the Settlement Agreement
vis-à-vis previous proceedings in England. The Plaintiff argues however, that
there was no need to disclose the Settlement Agreement because there was no
application to stay then, and the Plaintiff could not have been aware that any
such application would be made. It thus argues that the existence of the
Settlement Agreement would not assist the Court in its determination then.

94 I agree with the 3rd Defendant that these were relevant facts which should
have been brought to the attention of the Court as it considered the exercise
of its discretion to allow service out of jurisdiction. While the Plaintiff’s
position may be that the Settlement Agreement did not govern the Singapore
proceedings, the existence of the Settlement Agreement should have been made
known to the Court for it to consider. It is true that the 3rd Defendant was
not a direct party to the Settlement Agreement, but there should have been
consideration whether the benefit of that agreement would have inured to his
benefit. Nonetheless, such non-disclosure does not necessarily lead to the
setting aside of an order granted. The Court needs to consider whether the
circumstances in the end do merit setting aside. Here, the primary failing of
the Plaintiff’s application is that Singapore is not the appropriate forum,
that being reason enough for setting aside.

95 For the reasons found in respect of the forum non conveniens argument, I am
satisfied that the service out of jurisdiction on him should be set aside on
forum non conveniens grounds. However, I did not find that it was shown on the
evidence that there was no serious issue to be tried.

Miscellaneous

96 There is another issue about the USD Call Deposit Account Claim, if the
conclusion was reached that it was not governed by the FFA Account Agreement.
In my view, this claim would nevertheless be governed by the Currency Account
Agreement, which similarly contains a very clear exclusive jurisdiction
clause. For the same reasons as discussed above at [61], no exceptional
reasons have been made out why the Plaintiff should be permitted to act in
breach of that clause.

97 There would also be an interesting point as to whether the 2nd Defendant
should be sued separately from the 1st Defendant, since there is really no
separate identity, though the 2nd Defendant is registered to carry on business
as a bank in Singapore. This point may however require further consideration
on another day in another forum.

Orders

98 Accordingly, I dismiss the Appeals and set aside the service out of
jurisdiction in respect of the 3rd Defendant. Cost directions will be given
separately.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judicial Commissioner

Deborah Evaline Barker SC, Ushan Premaratne and Shen Peishi, Priscilla
(Khattarwong LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Kristy Tan, Melissa Mak and Leong Yi-Ming (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
first, second and third defendants;  
The fourth defendant is unrepresented;  
Melissa Marie Tan Shu Ling and Sonia Chan (JLC Advisors LLP) for the fifth
defendant;

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

