Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 98

Originating Summons No 96 of 2017

Between

| Otto Ventures Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| ECYT Law LLC  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Legal profession] - [Solicitor’s undertaking] – [Construction of undertaking]

[Arbitration] – [Security for costs] – [Court’s powers over release of
security after final award]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Otto Ventures Pte Ltd

  
v

  

ECYT Law LLC

[2017] SGHC 98

High Court — Originating Summons No 96 of 2017  
Pang Khang Chau JC  
12 April 2017

28 April 2017

Pang Khang Chau JC:

Introduction

1 This case raises the following issues:

(a) Where a solicitor gives an undertaking to hold a sum of money “as security
for costs in our clients’ account” without any elaboration concerning the
terms governing the release of such security, what is the extent of his duty
concerning release of the security after the liability for and quantum of
costs are determined?

(b) Where an arbitrator has ordered the claimants to provide security for the
respondent’s costs in the arbitration, and the arbitrator’s final award
provides for costs be taxed and assessed by the Registrar of the Supreme Court
without dealing with the release of the said security, what are the court’s
powers in relation to the said security?

Background

2 The plaintiff in the present application (“Plaintiff”) is the respondent in
Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) Arbitration No. 52 of 2015
(“the Arbitration”). The defendant in the present application (“Defendant”) is
the firm of solicitors representing the claimants in the Arbitration (“the
Arbitration Claimants”).

3 The Arbitration was heard by a sole arbitrator (“the Arbitrator”) who made
two orders requiring the Arbitration Claimants to provide security for the
Plaintiff’s costs in the Arbitration. The security was provided in the form of
two letters of undertaking from the Defendant to the Plaintiff’s solicitors.
The letter of undertaking dated 16 October 2015 provides:

2\. Please be informed that we have received $50,000.00, being the security
for costs pursuant to the Order for Direction No. 2, from our clients.

3\. We undertake that we will hold the said $50,000.00 as security for costs
in our Clients’ Account.

The letter of undertaking dated 14 March 2016 is in similar terms. I shall
refer to these two letters collectively as “the Undertaking”.

4 The Arbitrator’s orders for security for costs did not prescribe the form of
the security nor did they specify how the security should be dealt with after
the termination of the Arbitration. The orders merely provided that the
security “is to be furnished in a manner and form acceptable to the
Respondent”.

5 On 15 August 2016, the Arbitrator issued his final award (“the Final Award”)
which provided, inter alia, that:

The Claimants shall bear all the legal costs and expenses incurred by the
Respondent with reference to this arbitration;

…

This is a Final Award on all issues in dispute in this arbitration including
liability for cost and expenses of the arbitration and the Tribunal’s fees and
expenses. The quantum of legal costs and expenses are to be agreed between the
Claimants and the Respondent, failing which they shall be taxed and assessed
by the Registrar of the Supreme Court.

6 Pursuant to the Final Award, the Plaintiff’s costs in the Arbitration were
taxed and assessed by the Registrar as $175,200. On 21 December 2016, the
Plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to the Defendant in the following terms:

2\. By way of service, please find enclosed the Registrar’s Certificate in
HC/BC 168/2016. The aggregate sum of S$175,200 is due and payable to our
client, as shown in the breakdown in the Registrar’s Certificate.

3\. With reference to your letters of undertaking dated 16 October 2015 and 14
March 2016, which are enclosed for your reference, we note that your firm is
holding the sum of S$100,000 as security for our client’s costs.

4\. In the circumstances, kindly let us have payment of (a) the sum of
S$100,000 from your firm, and (b) your client’s payment of the remaining sum
of $75,200 within seven (7) days hereof, failing which our client will take
all necessary action(s) to enforce the Registrar’s Certificate without further
reference to you and/or your clients.

7 On 9 January 2017, the Defendant wrote to the Plaintiff’s solicitors
requesting that the payment of costs be held in abeyance until the proceedings
in Originating Summons 1187 of 2016 (“OS 1187/2016”) were completed. (OS
1187/2016 is an application by the Arbitration Claimants to set aside the
Final Award.) The Plaintiff did not accede to this request.

8 On 15 February 2017, after the Plaintiff commenced the present application,
the Defendant wrote to the Law Society of Singapore (“Law Society”) to seek
guidance from the Council of the Law Society on whether the Defendant was
bound to release the security to the Plaintiff against the Arbitration
Claimants’ instructions, in the absence of an order from either the court or
the Arbitrator to do so. The Law Society replied on 21 February 2017 that as
the matter was already before the court, the Advisory Committee considered
that it should not give guidance without the court’s clearance.

9 On 22 February 2017, the Defendant wrote to the Plaintiff’s solicitors,
informing them that the Arbitration Claimants were agreeable to the transfer
of the $100,000 to the Plaintiff’s solicitors on the latter’s undertaking that
they would hold the sum as security for costs and would not release the sum to
the Plaintiff unless and until OS 1187/2016 was finally disposed of in the
Plaintiff’s favour. The Plaintiff did not take up the offer.

Decision

10 After hearing parties on 12 April 2017, I ordered the Defendant to release
the security for costs to the Plaintiff. I now provide my grounds of decision.

Summary of parties’ arguments

11 The Defendant argued that:

(a) based on the terms of the Undertaking, the Defendant merely undertook to
hold the $100,000 in the Defendant’s clients’ account;

(b) the Undertaking does not contain any term which obliges the Defendant to
release the said amount to the Plaintiff once the Final Award is issued;

(c) in this regard, the Undertaking is to be contrasted with the undertaking
considered in PT Bumi International Tankers v Man B&W Diesel S E Asia Pte Ltd
[2004] 3 SLR(R) 69 (“PT Bumi”) which included the phrase “hereby undertake to
pay”.

12 The Defendant further submitted that, on its true construction, the
Undertaking is an undertaking by the Defendant to hold the $100,000 until the
Arbitrator makes an order on how the security for costs should be dealt with.

13 The Plaintiff argued that:

(a) a solicitor’s undertaking creates a personal obligation on the part of the
solicitor which the solicitor is required to honour notwithstanding any
contrary instructions from his client;

(b) an undertaking to hold a sum of money as security for costs necessarily
gives rise to an obligation to pay out the money upon the Arbitration’s
conclusion;

(c) there is therefore no need to seek a further order from the Arbitrator;

(d) further, having issued the Final Award, the Arbitrator is functus officio
and is no longer in a position to make any further orders concerning the
disposal of the security for costs.

Issues arising for determination

14 The issues arising for determination in the present application are:

(a) whether, on a true construction of the Undertaking, the Defendant is
presently obliged to pay the $100,000 over to the Plaintiff; and

(b) whether the matter should be remitted to the Arbitrator for the Arbitrator
to make a further order concerning the disposal of the security for costs.

I shall deal with these two issues in turn although, as will be apparent from
the ensuing discussion, there is some overlap between the two issues.

Issue 1 – Whether the Undertaking obliges the Defendant to release the
security to the Plaintiff

15 As a starting point, I agree with the Plaintiff that a solicitor’s
undertaking is a personal undertaking by the solicitor, as opposed to an
obligation undertaken on behalf of clients. This means that a solicitor cannot
cite his client’s instructions (or, conversely, their absence) as an excuse
for not honouring his undertaking – see Re A Solicitor, ex parte The Singapore
Bar Committee [1932] SSLR 195 and Law Society of New South Wales v Waterhouse
[2002] NSWADT 204 at [13]. However, accepting this proposition merely means
that I should ignore the Arbitration Claimants’ contrary instructions to the
Defendant when evaluating whether the Defendant is obliged to release the
security to the Plaintiff. It brings me no closer to determining whether the
Defendant has assumed such an obligation in the Undertaking.

16 I also agree with the Defendant’s submission, relying on PT Bumi at [5],
that a solicitor’s undertaking must be governed by the terms set out in the
undertaking itself. Similarly, this proposition does not really advance the
Defendant’s case. In PT Bumi, the solicitor’s undertaking contained an express
term that it would be discharged “upon payment of the sum above and/or if the
Defendants are paid all their costs without having to call on this
undertaking, whichever is earlier”. The court in PT Bumi held that it would
not intervene to discharge the undertaking before the conditions for discharge
were fulfilled because that would run against a clear and express undertaking
freely given. In the present case, the Undertaking does not contain any
express term to the effect that the security may only be released to the
Plaintiff upon a further order from the Arbitrator. It would therefore not run
against the clear and express terms of the Undertaking if the court were to
find that, on its true construction, payment out of the security is not
conditional upon a further order from the Arbitrator.

17 I note that a standard form for a solicitor’s undertaking for security for
costs can be found in Form 116 in Appendix A of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R
5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). The operative part of Form 116 reads:

… we, the solicitors for the appellant, undertake to hold the sum of $ by way
of security for your costs of the appeal / application* and, if costs are
payable to the respondent under any order made by the Court of Appeal, to
release to you the said amount without set-off unless the Court of Appeal
otherwise orders.

[emphasis added]

18 Since the italicised text in the foregoing quotation is absent from the
Undertaking, an argument could be made that such an omission is deliberate and
that the court should construe the omission as signifying an intention to
exclude from the Undertaking any obligation to release the security. On the
other hand, it would also be possible to argue that the italicised text
represents the general understanding among legal practitioners on how an
undertaking for security for costs would operate in practice – ie, that the
security would be released to the other party upon liability for costs being
ascertained, without the need for a further order from the relevant tribunal.
At the end of the day, it does not appear fruitful to place too much emphasis
on the differences in wording between the Undertaking and the form of
undertaking prescribed in the ROC. In my view, each undertaking falls to be
construed in light of the actual words used in the undertaking having regard
to the specific context surrounding the giving of the undertaking.

Principles governing the construction of solicitors’ undertakings

19 Generally, the principles governing the construction of contracts are also
applicable to the construction of solicitors’ undertakings. In People’s
Parkway Development Pte Ltd v Ramanathan Yogendran [1990] 2 SLR(R) 338 at
[12], the High Court construed a solicitor’s undertaking using the principles
of contractual interpretation laid down in Reardon Smith Line v Hansen-Tangen
[1976] 1 WLR 989 (“Reardon Smith Line”). In Barclays Bank Plc v Weeks Legg &
Dean (a firm) [1999] 1 QB 309 (“Barclays Bank”), the English Court of Appeal
applied the first of five principles of contractual interpretation summarised
by Lord Hoffmann in Investors Compensation Scheme Ltd v West Bromwich Building
Society [1998] 1 WLR 896 (“Investors Compensation Scheme”) to the construction
of a solicitor’s undertaking, namely:

Interpretation is the ascertainment of the meaning which the document would
convey to a reasonable person having all the background knowledge which would
reasonably have been available to the parties in the situation in which they
were at the time of the contract.

[see Investors Compensation Scheme at 912, cited in Barclays Bank at 331]

In Barclays Bank, the English Court of Appeal also found it necessary to imply
a term into a solicitor’s undertaking in order to give it business efficacy.

20 The English Court of Appeal also held in Reddy v Lachlan and anor [2000]
Lloyd’s Rep 858 (“Reddy”) that any ambiguity in a solicitor’s undertaking is
to be construed in favour of the recipient of the undertaking. It should be
highlighted that in England, the Guide to the Professional Conduct of
Solicitors 1996 (“the Guide”) expressly provides in Principle 18.07 that “An
ambiguous undertaking is generally construed in favour of the recipient” and
Reddy specifically cited Principle 18.07 of the Guide in its reasoning.
Although there are no provisions in Singapore equivalent to Principle 18.07 of
the Guide, I am of the view that a similar result would obtain in Singapore as
I do not doubt that the contra proferentum rule concerning the interpretation
of contracts applies also to the construction of solicitors’ undertakings.

The Undertaking, properly construed, includes an obligation to release the
security

21 Applying the principles discussed above, the construction of the
Undertaking which the Defendant contends for simply cannot stand. To recap,
the Undertaking states:

We undertake that we will hold the said [sum] as security for costs in our
Clients’ Account.

[emphasis added]

If the Defendant were right that the Undertaking only obliged the Defendant to
hold the money in its clients’ account and did not oblige the Defendant to pay
the money to the Plaintiff, the phrase “as security for costs” in the
Undertaking would be rendered otiose.

22 Therefore, the Undertaking should be construed in a manner which gives the
phrase “as security for costs” some meaningful content. This means that the
Defendant’s obligations under the Undertaking necessarily goes beyond merely
holding the money in its clients’ account. The meaning to be assigned to the
phrase should, to paraphrase Investors Compensation Scheme, be the meaning
that would be conveyed to a reasonable person having the background knowledge
available to the parties at the time the Undertaking was given.

23 The first piece of relevant background knowledge is that the Arbitration
Claimants were impecunious. The second piece of relevant background knowledge
is that the Arbitrator had chosen not to prescribe the form and manner for the
Arbitration Claimants’ provision of security for costs but had left this to be
agreed between parties. The third piece of relevant background knowledge is
that it is well known among legal practitioners that the entire rationale of
security for costs is so that a successful defendant/respondent will have a
fund within the jurisdiction against which he can enforce the costs awarded in
his favour – see Singapore Civil Procedure 2017, Vol 1 (Foo Chee Hock gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 2017) (“Singapore Civil Procedure”) at para 23/0/2; Jeffrey
Pinsler SC, Singapore Court Practice 2017, Vol 1 (LexisNexis, 2017) at para
21/1/1. It therefore follows that, in the context of security given by way of
a solicitor’s undertaking, the entire rationale for security for costs would
be defeated if the solicitor’s client retains the right to veto or delay the
release of the security to the successful defendant/respondent. It would also
be contrary to the rationale for security for costs if the solicitor who gave
the undertaking is under no obligation to release the security to the
successful defendant/respondent, leaving the latter unable to recover his
costs from the very sum of money that was designated as security for his
costs. Such security would be no security at all.

24 From the foregoing three background facts, a reasonable person in the
Plaintiff’s position would have understood the phrase “as security for costs”
in the Undertaking to carry with it the obligation to release the security to
satisfy the costs ordered in favour of the Plaintiff should the Plaintiff
successfully defend the Arbitration Claimants’ claims in the Arbitration.

25 The conclusion that I have reached finds support in the case of Hawkins
Hill Co. v Want (1893) 69 LT 297 (“Hawkins Hill”), a case cited in successive
editions of Singapore Civil Procedure since the publication of its first
edition in 2003. In Hawkins Hill, the liquidator of the plaintiff company gave
the following undertaking:

We, the undersigned, the liquidators of the above-named plaintiff company,
hereby undertake to set apart out of the assets of the said company a sum
sufficient to meet the costs (if any) which the said plaintiffs may be liable
to pay to the defendants in this action.

[emphasis added]

Even though the words used in the undertaking merely referred to an obligation
to hold “a sum sufficient to meet the costs (if any)”, and there were no words
expressly referring to an obligation to pay, the undertaking was regarded by
the court as giving rise to an obligation to pay out the costs secured by the
undertaking. Compared to Hawkins Hill, the case for finding an obligation to
pay in the present case is even stronger as the Undertaking contains the words
“as security for costs” – words which would convey to a reasonable person that
the solicitor giving the undertaking is assuming certain obligations normally
associated with the concept of security for costs.

26 I reached the foregoing conclusion based on the natural meaning of the
words “as security for costs”, as objectively ascertained in context, without
relying on the contra proferentum rule or on implied terms. For completeness,
I would add that, if it were necessary to do so, I would have been prepared,
given the factual matrix, to either apply the contra proferentum rule or imply
a term in the Plaintiff’s favour.

27 Once it is established that the Undertaking includes an obligation to pay,
the next question is whether this obligation is conditional upon a further
order by the Arbitrator to release the security to the Plaintiff. To answer
this question, we need to go back to the words of the Undertaking. The only
qualifications or conditions concerning the sum held by the Defendant pursuant
to the Undertaking are the words “as security for costs”. There are no words
in the Undertaking to the effect that the Defendant’s obligations are
conditional upon a further order from the Arbitrator. In the absence of any
words limiting or qualifying the Defendant’s obligation in relation to the
security for costs, the Defendant’s obligation to pay pursuant to the
Undertaking is unconditional –ie, the Defendant’s obligation to pay arises
once the Arbitration Claimants’ liability to the Plaintiff for costs is
crystallised and ascertained. Had the Defendant intended its obligation to pay
under the Undertaking to be conditional upon a further order from the
Arbitrator, the Defendant could have easily inserted words to this effect in
the Undertaking.

28 At this point, I should point out that I accept the possibility that a
different conclusion could have been reached if the Arbitrator had indicated
either:

(a) in his order for security for costs that the release of the security is
conditional upon a further order from the Arbitrator; or

(b) in the Final Award that the Arbitrator was reserving the question of
disposal of the security to be dealt with by a subsequent order from him.

In the former case, the conditions set out in the Arbitrator’s order for
security for costs would be part of the context informing the construction of
the Undertaking. Support for this proposition may be found in Hawkins Hill
where, despite the unlimited nature of the words used in the undertaking (“the
costs (if any) which the said plaintiffs may be liable to pay to the
defendants”), the English Court of Appeal held that the liquidator who gave
the undertaking was liable only to the extent of £200, which was the amount of
security sought by the defendants in their summons for security for costs. In
the latter case, the Plaintiff would be bound under the Final Award not to
enforce the costs order against the security until further order from the
Arbitrator. In the event, since neither of these scenarios had occurred, the
Undertaking falls to be construed solely in the manner discussed at [21]-[26]
above.

Issue 2 – Whether the matter should be remitted back to the Arbitrator

29 The Defendant submitted that the court should not “intervene” in the
Arbitration by making directions for the release of the security, and that the
court should remit the matter back to the Arbitrator instead. The Defendant
recognised that the Arbitrator had already rendered the Final Award but argued
that:

(a) Under Rule 29.1 of the Arbitration Rules of the SIAC (5th Ed, 1 April
2013) (“SIAC Rules 2013”), the Arbitrator may, within 30 days of an award, be
asked to correct any clerical or typographical error or any error of a similar
nature in the award.

(b) Under Rule 29.5 of the SIAC Rules 2013, the Registrar of the SIAC may
extend the time limit set in Rule 29.1.

(c) The Arbitrator therefore continues to have the power to make an order
concerning the release of the security.

30 The Plaintiff countered that the Arbitrator is functus officio once he
rendered the Final Award and no longer had the power to make further orders
concerning the security for costs.

31 Rule 29.1 of the SIAC Rules 2013 is in essence a “slip-rule” serving a
function similar to O 20 r 11 of the ROC. My first observation is that the
Defendant’s reliance on the slip-rule is a clear recognition that the
Arbitrator is functus officio save for the possibility of having certain types
of errors corrected under the slip-rule. My second observation is that, by
relying on the slip-rule, the Defendant is alleging that the omission of any
express directions in the Final Award concerning the release of the security
is not a deliberate choice but an error on the part of the Arbitrator.

32 If it were indeed the case that the Arbitrator had intended to give
directions in the Final Award on the release of the security but had forgotten
to do so, that could be said to be an error. Whether such an error comes
within the scope of the slip-rule is a question on which I need not express a
view. The crucial point is that the court should not lightly presume that the
Arbitrator had slipped up. The Final Award is entirely consistent with the
notion that the Arbitrator had committed no error and had all along intended,
by his order that costs be taxed by the Registrar of the Supreme Court, to
leave all costs-related matters after taxation to be dealt with by the court.

33 Ultimately, it is for the party who believes that the Arbitrator has
committed an error to invoke the slip-rule to have the error corrected.
Neither the Defendant nor its clients, the Arbitration Claimants, had done so.
If the Plaintiff does not consider the Arbitrator to be in error, it is not
for the court to compel the Plaintiff to make an application to the Arbitrator
under the slip-rule. Significantly, Rule 29.2 of the SIAC Rules 2013 allows
the Arbitrator to invoke the slip-rule on his own motion within 30 days after
the date of the award. The fact that the Arbitrator has not done so is strong
indication that the Arbitrator did not regard the omission to deal with the
release of the security in the Final Award as an error.

34 In the circumstances, it is not the role of the court to presume that the
Arbitrator had committed an error. Instead, the evidence points to the
conclusion that the Final Award accurately reflects the Arbitrator’s
intention. Thus when the Final Award states that it is “a Final Award on all
issues in dispute in this arbitration including liability for costs and
expenses of the arbitration and the Tribunal’s fees and expenses”, this ought
to be treated as an indication that the Arbitrator had no intention of dealing
with the disposal of the security for costs in a further order. Therefore,
instead of remitting the matter back to the Arbitrator, the correct course for
the court to adopt would be to support the Arbitration by following through
with the consequences flowing from the Final Award in so far as it is within
the court’s power to do so.

Conclusion

35 For the reasons given above, it is my conclusion that:

(a) the phrase “as security for costs” in the Undertaking obliges the
Defendant to release the security to the Plaintiff once the Plaintiff’s costs
in the arbitration are taxed and assessed by the Registrar of the Supreme
Court;

(b) in the absence of any words in the Undertaking qualifying the obligation
to release the security to the Plaintiff, the obligation is unconditional and
does not require a further order from the Arbitrator; and

(c) given the terms of the Final Award, the Arbitrator is functus officio and
there is no basis for the court to remit the question of disposal of the
security to the Arbitrator for further order.

I therefore ordered the Defendant to release the security for costs to the
Plaintiff.

Pang Khang Chau  
Judicial Commissioner

Tham Wei Chern and Akshay Kothari (Selvam LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Anil Murkoth Changaroth and Lim Muhammad Syafiq (ChangAroth Chambers LLC) for
the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

