Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE courtS of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHCF 23

Divorce Transfer No 4267 of 2012

Between

UFU (M.W.)  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

UFV  
---  
  
… Defendant

Grounds of Decision

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

[Family Law] — [Maintenance] — [Wife]

[Family Law] — [Maintenance] — [Child]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
UFU (M.W.)

  

v

  

UFV

[2017] SGHCF 23

High Court — Divorce Transfer No 4267 of 2012  
Foo Tuat Yien JC  
18 September, 21 October, 18, 19 November, 17 December 2015, 24 June, 23
August 2016; 10 November 2016 and 9 January 2017

25 September 2017

Foo Tuat Yien JC:

Introduction

1 These grounds of decision deal with the ancillary matters under Part X of
the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“Women’s Charter”). The Wife is
the Plaintiff in these proceedings, and the Husband is the Defendant. Much of
the dispute centred on the division of matrimonial assets, which required the
determination of many sub-issues relating to the identification of the asset
pool. This was overall a 16-year marriage with four children. Parties had
married on 23 October 1998. On 4 September 2012, the Wife filed for divorce.
On 25 October 2012, she and the children moved out of the family home. Interim
judgment was granted on 4 March 2014, some 19 months after the commencement of
the divorce suit, on grounds of the Husband’s unreasonable behaviour. The
divorce was based on an amended Statement of Particulars, which was accepted
by the Husband.

2 Both parties have since appealed against the orders on ancillary matters
that I made on 9 January 2017, in relation to: (a) the delineation, division,
and distribution of their assets; (b) maintenance for the Wife; and (c)
maintenance for the children. The relevant orders which form the subject of
the parties’ appeals are as follows:

[Clause 3b] …

Division of assets

(i) The matrimonial assets of $10,782,223 are to be divided in the proportion
of 62.5% for the Defendant and 37.5% for the Plaintiff. As the assets in the
Plaintiff’s possession are valued at $1,555,617, the Defendant shall pay the
Plaintiff the balance of her share of $4,043,333 (computed at 0.375 of
$10,782,223), being the sum of $2,487,716, plus an amount of $10,000 for the
silver cutlery set, by end December 2016. Each party is to retain their
respective assets in their sole names and the Plaintiff shall give the
Defendant the silver cutlery set and the millennium bowl by end December 2016.

Plaintiff's maintenance

(ii) The Defendant shall pay $240,000 lump sum maintenance to the Plaintiff by
end December 2016.

Maintenance for the Children

(iii) The Defendant shall pay the Plaintiff $14,200 per month as maintenance
for the Children, being maintenance for the Children’s share of household,
maid and car expenses, and all the Children's expenses excluding those
specifically listed at Clause (b)(iv) below. Should [C] go to boarding school,
the Defendant shall pay $13,700 per month instead of $14,200 per month,
beginning from the month after [C] goes to the UK. The maintenance is to be
paid into the Plaintiff’s designated bank account DBS bank account no.
XXX­XXXX68­0 on or before the 5th day of every month commencing 5th December
2016.

(iv) In addition, the Defendant shall also pay, by way of an advance, an
amount of $12,000 per month into the Plaintiff’s designated bank account POSB
Everyday Savings Account XXX­XXX36­7 (the “Children’s Expenses Account”) on or
before the 5th day of every month commencing 5th December 2016, for the
following expenses of the Children. Arrangements shall be made for the
following expenses to be paid by the Plaintiff out of this account:

(A) School fees;

(B) School bus transportation;

(C) School CCAs, school outfits, school books, art supplies, piano books and
piano tuning;

(D) Private enrichment classes (as set out in ANNEX A and any additional
enrichment classes for which the Defendant's consent has been obtained under
Clause (b)(vii) below);

(E) Miscellaneous school expenses (comprising amounts paid to the Children’s
schools for the annual fee schedule, enrichment programs organised by the
school, participation in competitions (academic and sports), school camps,
school trips (overseas and local), purchase of additional books and reading
materials directly from teachers, class photos, class t-shirts, CCA t-shirts,
camp t-shirts, concert tickets (band, dance, etc.), car decal for the schools,
access to educational websites, subscription to Chinese newspaper, magazine
etc.);

(F) Medical and dental expenses, including orthodontic treatment for the
Children; and

(G) [J]’s therapy and counselling for Asperger’s Syndrome.

(v) The Plaintiff shall submit a 3­monthly statement (in the case of the first
statement, the statement shall cover the period of 1 December 2016 to 31 March
2017) for the amounts paid for the Children’s expenses listed in Clause
(b)(iv) above to the Defendant at the end of March, June, September and
December every year, commencing from March 2017, together with relevant
supporting receipts. In the event that the amounts paid for the Children’s
expenses listed in Clause (b)(iv) above exceed $36,000 for a quarter (in the
case of the first period of 1 December 2016 to 31 March 2017, more than
$48,000), the Defendant shall top up the difference within a month. In the
event that the amounts paid for the Children’s expenses listed in Clause
(b)(iv) above are below $36,000 for a quarter (in the case of the first period
of 1 December 2016 to 31 March 2017, less than $48,000), the difference shall
be offset from the Defendant’s next payment of $12,000, and if the difference
exceeds $12,000, then it shall be offset against each subsequent payment until
the difference shall be fully set off. Should [C] go to boarding school, the
amount of $12,000 per month shall be reduced by the amount spent for [C] per
month, beginning from the month after [C] goes to the UK. Upon the Children
all reaching 21 years of age, any surplus remaining in the Children’s Expenses
Account shall be paid back to the Defendant.

(vi) The Defendant is to pay 50% of the net cost of a new replacement car
equivalent to or approximating the existing Toyota Previa inclusive of COE.
This is to be paid at the time when the current car is scrapped, or at any
earlier time as may be agreed by parties.

  

3 The monetary values stated in these grounds of decision are expressed in
Singapore dollars, unless I expressly indicate otherwise.

Background facts

The parties

4 At the time of my order on 9 January 2017, the Wife was 44 years old 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 10.

and the Husband was 54 years old. The Wife, an Australian citizen, had moved
to Singapore in May 1993 and became a Permanent Resident of Singapore in 1994.
Her educational qualifications include a Masters of Business Administration
degree from the University of Melbourne. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

HCB 1-2; HBOA 1080-1081.

The Husband, on the other hand, is a British citizen and an employment pass
holder in Singapore. He had come to Singapore to work in July 1994 at a major
international firm that was part of a global network of professional services
firms providing audit, tax and advisory services to multinational companies,
governments and non-profit organisations. The Husband and the Wife met while
they were both working in the firm. He was then a senior manager and, she was
a second-year junior staff member. The parties subsequently married in October
1998.

5 In 1999, the Wife resigned from the firm. By that time she had risen through
the ranks to become Head of the firm’s IT department. Subsequently, in 2001,
the Wife became a full-time homemaker when the parties’ eldest child, C1, was
born. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at [16(a)].

She started working again only on 1 February 2016 as a Finance Officer in a
real estate company. There, the Wife earns a basic salary of $2,300 a month,
of which 9% of was pegged as a Monthly Variable Component. In addition to the
income she receives from employment, the Wife also receives A$1,100 every
month from the rental of a property in Australia held in her name. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Wife’s 1st Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 7 May 2014 at para 8.

6 The Husband, on the other hand, is now a senior audit partner in the same
firm and earns a substantial yearly income of $1.68m in Singapore. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Minute Sheet dated 18 September 2015 at p6.

The Wife also indicated that the Husband holds several key appointments,
including serving as the head of several of the firm’s practice groups and
committees. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 67.

With his skills and experience, he was well-placed to appreciate the need for
him to place relevant information before the court to prove his claims in the
delineation, division, and distribution of matrimonial assets, in particular
on whether some of these assets were in fact his “pre-marital assets” that
were to be excluded from the matrimonial pool.

7 Parties had lived separately from October 2012, when the Wife and the
children left the family home. The Husband continues to live in the rented
family home, a five-bedroom black-and-white bungalow of about 2,900 square
feet, with a swimming pool and large garden, at a monthly rental of $13,500.
The Wife, the four children and the domestic helper live in a 3+1 terrace
house (ie, comprising three bedrooms and one hall) of about 1,700 square feet
at a monthly rental of $7,056.

The children

8 The first three children from the marriage were born in quick succession in
2001, 2002 and 2004 whereas the fourth child was born in 2008, four years
after the birth of the third child. At the time of my order on 9 January 2017,
the first child, C1, was 15 years old, the second child, C2, was 14 years old,
the third child, C3, was 12 years old and the fourth child, C4, was 8 years
old. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Wife’s 1st Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 7 May 2014 at para 1.

Although all four children from the marriage were born in Singapore, they hold
dual citizenship of the UK and Australia. They have, however, lived in
Singapore all their lives and attend local schools. One of the parties’
children, C2, was diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder (or Asperger’s
Syndrome) in March 2005. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

HCB 26.

Both C2 and C3 are also dyslexic. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

HCB 31.

The parties’ roles in the marriage

9 The roles of the Husband and the Wife had been clearly defined in the
marriage from the time their first child, C1, was born. The Husband was the
full-time working parent whereas the Wife became the full-time caregiver. She
ran the household, took care of the children and assisted the Husband by
taking on the role of his personal assistant at home. The Wife’s
responsibilities here included filing the Husband’s tax returns, attending to
his personal letters and preparing documents and cheques for him to sign for
the payment of household expenses. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Wife’s 1st Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 7 May 2014 at paras
24.122-24.126.

She also prepared spreadsheets on his investments and updated them
periodically on his instructions. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Wife’s 1st Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 7 May 2014 at para 24.123.

The spreadsheets were an important source of evidence in these proceedings.

The parties’ financial arrangements

10 In comparison with most other marriages, the parties’ financial
arrangements in the household were quite unusual. They did not hold any assets
in joint names, they did not have a joint account and the Husband did not
provide the Wife with a supplementary credit card. Rather, his practice was to
give her a monthly sum of money to spend on household expenses and on the
children. It was not disputed that over and on top of these monthly
allowances, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

HCB 4-6, para 23.

he had also given her a total sum of $1.9m in surplus over the course of their
marriage (hereinafter referred to as “the surplus funds”), 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

HCB 6, para 23.

which enabled her to save a hefty amount of around $1.39m. The Wife’s savings
here included the value of an investment house in Western Australia, which was
worth about $795,000. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 14.

The parties, however, differ on how the surplus funds were to be used.

11 The Wife’s position was that the surplus funds were a gift from the Husband
to her to use as she thought fit, as she was a full-time homemaker without an
income. The Husband’s position was that he intended her to save the surplus
funds for what he called the “Family Plan”, which would be set in motion
presumably upon his retirement from the firm. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

HCB 6.

Under the “Family Plan”, the entire family was to relocate to the UK
permanently, at which point the Husband would ease off work to spend more time
with the children whereas the Wife would re-join the workforce. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

HCB 2, para 5.

12 On the evidence, I accepted the Wife’s account for two main reasons.
Firstly, it would be out of character, in this context, where the parties did
not have joint assets or a joint account and where the Husband did not even
provide the Wife with a supplementary credit card, for him to advance the
position that he entrusted her to save some of the monies given to her for his
retirement, in which case the savings would have had to be placed in a bank
account or invested in her sole name. In any event, the Husband’s “Family
Plan” for the Wife to re-join the workforce after his retirement when the
family relocated permanently to the UK did not make sense, as the Wife would
then be in her late forties and without much recent relevant working
experience, let alone working experience in a different environment and
country such as the UK.

13 Secondly, I observed from the Husband’s relationship with his friends that
he was generous with money. He had made an ex gratia payment of $58,816 in
December 2011 to a former employee of the firm, with whom he had had an
affair, when she was terminated from her employment (see below at [93]−[95])
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 4 at p 3175.

He had earlier, in September and October 2011, given that same person a
$30,000 loan for her father’s medical bills, for which he did not expect
repayment (see below at [90]−[92]). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 4 at p 3154.

Furthermore, the Husband, who was a wakeboarding enthusiast, had in July 2011
given $40,000 to a wakeboard boat owner, claiming that he did not expect to be
repaid as the former was his friend (see below at [84]−[86]). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 4 at p 3155; Minute Sheet dated 21 October
2015 at p 16.

I found that if the Husband could in 2011 alone provide or lend almost
$130,000 without expecting repayment, it was more likely than not that his
monetary payment of $150,000 to his Wife in September 2011, as well as other
sums for which he did not expect or require the Wife to account, were simply
unconditional gifts to her.

Issues

14 The issues which are presently the subject of the cross-appeals are:

(a) Division of matrimonial assets;

(b) Maintenance for the Wife; and

(c) Maintenance for the children.

Division of matrimonial assets

15 I first consider the issue of division, where I had to:

(a) first, identify and value the combined pool of matrimonial assets;

(b) second, determine the appropriate division of the identified assets; and

(c) third, decide on the distribution of the assets.

Identifying and valuing the combined pool of assets

16 Parties had agreed to adopt the date of interim judgment (ie, 4 March 2014)
as the operative date to determine the pool of matrimonial assets. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Husband’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 13.

The assets were, however, to be valued as at the date of the ancillary matters
hearing.

17 In identifying and valuing the pool of matrimonial assets, the issues were:

(a) which of the disputed assets were the Husband’s pre-marital assets;

(b) what was the value of the capital, earnings and profit allocation
receivable from the firm that was to be included in the matrimonial pool;

(c) whether certain sums of money transferred out by the Husband as loans,
gifts or payments to third parties should be clawed back and added to the
matrimonial pool; and

(d) whether income received during the marriage from the Husband’s pre-marital
assets should be included in the matrimonial pool.

18 The Husband did not raise issues with the assets held in the Wife’s sole
name. The focus of the inquiry was therefore on the assets in the Husband’s
name.

Which of the disputed assets were the Husband’s pre-marital assets

19 The disputed assets consisted of a property located in Cranbrook, UK (ie,
the Cranbrook property) as well as funds held in various bank accounts,
policies and investment accounts under the Husband’s name.

The Cranbrook property

20 I first consider the issue of the Cranbrook property. It was not disputed
that the Cranbrook property was purchased by the Husband for £50,000 in 1994
before the parties were married. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 126.

21 Although at the hearing I had conveyed to the parties that the asset was
included in the matrimonial pool on the basis of the parties’ use of that
property while they were in the UK, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

See Minute Sheet dated 24 June 2016 at p 5; Minute Sheet dated 10 November
2016 at p 2.

I observed later that the requirement of ordinary use would not be satisfied
if the parties’ use of or stay at the property was “occasional or casual”: BJS
v BJT [2013] 4 SLR 41 at [23]. Examples of casual residence include staying in
a property for no more than 21 days out of 14 years of marriage (Ryan Neil
John v Berger Rosaline [2000] 3 SLR(R) 647 at [60]) or on only two occasions
throughout the marriage of more than ten years (JAF v JAE [2016] 3 SLR 717 at
[14]-[15]). In this case, it appeared that the parties had only stayed at the
Cranbrook property on three occasions during the entire duration of their
marriage when they visited the UK on holiday, and for no more than a few days
at a time. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Wife’s 2nd Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 18 June 2015 at para 17.

The Cranbrook property was otherwise left vacant until June 2013 when it was
tenanted. On the facts, I thus found that the Cranbrook property was not
ordinarily used by both parties for any one of the purposes under s
112(10)(a)(i) of the Women’s Charter.

22 In the course of writing these grounds of decision, I then considered
whether the Cranbrook property qualified as a matrimonial asset by other
means. The Wife had argued in this regard that the Cranbrook property should
be included in the matrimonial pool because both parties had spent significant
sums to maintain and substantially improve the property during the marriage.
According to her, both parties had expended an average of £8,500 per year over
four years to maintain and improve the property. She had herself remitted
£5,000 in August 2010, £10,000 in December 2010 and £5,000 in October 2011
from her own bank account to the manager of the property to replace the
plumbing and hot water heating system for the entire house, as well as to put
in new floorboards for the kitchen. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Wife’s 2nd Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 18 June 2015 at para 18.

23 The Husband’s position, on the other hand, was that the Cranbrook property
was unquestionably an excluded asset as it could not be said that the Wife had
made any contributions to the maintenance or improvement of the Cranbrook
property. The funds which the Wife claimed to have remitted to the property
manager would, in any event, have originated from him or from the allowances
that he had given to her.

24 As the Cranbrook property had been purchased in 1994, it was conceivable
that major works would have to be carried out in order to maintain the
property’s original condition, or at least to make it habitable, from the time
it was first acquired. It was not disputed that sums of money, which were not
insignificant, had been expended on the maintenance of the Cranbrook property
over the course of the marriage. I noted, in this regard, that there was also
documentary evidence indicating that the Husband had remitted £10,000 on 21
January 2013 from his DBS Singapore account, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 5 at p 3623.

which were funds accumulated from his earnings at his firm during the
marriage, to the property manager in the UK for the purpose of administering
the Cranbrook property. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Minute Sheet dated 18 September 2015 at p 5.

The Husband also admitted that the Cranbrook property had been rented out
since June 2013 at £650 per month in order to defray the expenses associated
with maintaining that property. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Minute Sheet dated 18 September 2015 at p 5.

This was evidenced by bank payments into one of the Husband’s UK bank accounts
even though there was no tenancy agreement in place. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Minute Sheet dated 18 September 2015 at p 5.

This, therefore, corroborated the Wife’s position that rather substantial sums
of money had to be spent on the property during the marriage for its upkeep
and to prevent it from falling into disrepair through lack of use. It was also
consistent with the pattern of money transfers which had been made for the
purposes of maintaining and improving the property, the last of which was made
on 21 January 2013 before the property was rented out in June 2013 and when
the rental income would have then been channelled to its upkeep. I was thus
satisfied that there was substantial improvement of the Cranbrook property
during the marriage within the meaning of s 112(10)(a)(ii) of the Women’s
Charter. This was not seriously disputed by the parties.

25 The real issue was whether the Cranbrook property had been substantially
improved by the Wife’s contributions, for it to properly constitute a
matrimonial asset under s 112(10)(a)(ii). While I had initially been of the
view that the sums used to upkeep the Cranbrook property were ultimately
monies that came from the Husband, I have, after further consideration of the
issue of inter-spousal gifts, come to the conclusion that the Wife’s
remittances would rightly be considered her contributions to the property. As
I found above at [11]-[13], the Husband had given the Wife a total sum of
about $1.9m in surplus over the course of their marriage, which were meant as
gifts to the Wife and which enabled her to accumulate some sizeable savings.
It seemed clear to me, as a matter of logic and fairness, that the Wife, in
dipping into those savings of her own accord to maintain and substantially
improve the Cranbrook property during the marriage, should be given credit for
her contributions to the asset. In arriving at my decision, I noted that the
Court of Appeal case of Wan Lai Cheng v Quek Seow Kee and another appeal and
another matter [2012] 4 SLR 405 (“Wan Lai Cheng”) had previously held that
“pure” inter-spousal gifts were matrimonial assets (at [40]-[41]). In other
words, “pure” inter-spousal gifts, such as the Husband’s monetary gifts to the
Wife in this case, were considered joint assets belonging to both parties upon
divorce. Nevertheless, in my view, it would not be inconsistent with the
decision in Wan Lai Cheng to find that the inter-spousal gifts were assets
that properly belonged to the recipient spouse before the dissolution of the
marriage. Indeed, this distinction drawn between the pre- and post-divorce
state of affairs would not be inconsistent with the “deferred community of
property” approach in our legislation, under which the concept that both
spouses have a joint interest in the matrimonial asset does not take place
until the marriage is legally terminated (see Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye
[2007] 3 SLR(R) 520 at [40], citing Leong Wai Kum, Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore vol 11 (LexisNexis, 2016) at para 130.751). I thus considered that
the Wife’s remittances to maintain and improve the Cranbrook property in this
case were drawn from what would rightly be considered her personal funds,
which the Wife had saved up from the Husband’s monetary gifts to her, and
should be regarded as her contributions to the property. On this basis, I
found that since the Wife had expended significant sums to maintain and
improve the Cranbrook property, and had assisted the Husband in administering
the property from Singapore, there was enough to attribute the substantial
improvement of the asset during the marriage to the Wife.

26 In the circumstances, I was of the view that the Cranbrook property fell
within the definition of a “matrimonial asset” under s 112(10) of the Women’s
Charter. Having determined that it was to be included in the matrimonial pool
for division, I obtained a valuation of the property by averaging the figures
proffered by each party. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Minute Sheet dated 18 September 2015 at p 4.

The value of the Cranbrook property was ultimately assessed to be $363,110.95.
30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 41.

Funds held in various bank accounts, policies and investment accounts under
the Husband’s name

27 The Husband’s position was that the funds that were presently the subject
of dispute had, in one way or another, been derived from his assets in the UK,
which were all pre-marital assets and which were all “ring-fenced” from his
assets in Singapore. For the sake of clarity, there were two aspects to the
Husband’s case. First, all of the Husband’s assets in the UK were pre-marital
assets; any new creation of bank accounts in the UK and movements of monies in
and out of his UK bank accounts were simply intra-UK transfers of these pre-
marital assets and thus none of these funds were matrimonial assets. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Minute Sheet dated 18 September 2015 at pp 7-10.

Second, from the time the parties married in Oct 1998, if not earlier, the
Husband had deposited all his earnings in Singapore into his sole name account
in DBS, and had not transferred any monies from that account to the UK to
acquire or enhance any of his assets there, save for the monies remitted for
the Cranbrook property. In other words, his assets and earnings in Singapore
were never mixed with his assets in the UK.

28 According to the Wife, even though it was accepted that all of the
Husband’s earnings from the firm in Singapore were deposited into his DBS
account, it did not necessarily follow that all of his UK assets were pre-
marital assets. He had not provided proof that his UK funds were in fact pre-
marital assets, and her position was that most of these funds had been
accumulated or built up during the marriage. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Minute Sheet dated 18 September 2015 at pp 7-10.

29 After considering the evidence, I determined that most of the UK funds
should be included in the matrimonial pool. As a general observation, I note
that given the Husband’s training, qualifications and experience in accounting
and audit, he was well-placed to appreciate the need for, and to work with his
counsel to provide, relevant information to prove his claim that all his UK
assets were “pre-marital” assets. Nevertheless, I found the evidence to be
lacking in many respects.

Friends Provident Policy No. XXXXXX601 (value of $11,258.75) 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 32.

30 I first considered the Husband’s investment fund with Friends Provident
International, which was valued at $11,258.75 (“the Friends Policy”). The Wife
had referred to a letter of 15 August 2012 to show that the policy commenced
on 20 May 1999 and was therefore an asset acquired a few months after their
marriage in October 1998.

31 The Husband, maintained that he had bought the asset using his pre-marital
funds. Since his DBS bank statement of May 1999, which was when the policy
commenced, did not show any transfer of funds 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 5 at p 3895.

and since this was his only Singapore bank account until he opened a UOB bank
account in July 2011, he argued that payment for the Friends Policy must have
been made out of his UK bank accounts, comprising his accumulated earnings and
assets in the UK prior to his move to Singapore in 1994. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Minute Sheet dated 21 October 2015 at p 5.

32 No other evidence, however, was produced to establish the source of the
funds for the Husband’s Friends Policy. In my view, the fact that there had
been no telegraphic transfers in May 1999 from the Husband’s Singapore bank
account was not in itself conclusive that the monies used to acquire the
Friends Policy came from his pre-marital assets in the UK. I therefore found
that this asset should be included in the matrimonial pool.

Invesco Perpetual Asian Fund (2,590 shares with collective value of
£10,593.10) 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 33.

33 The Husband also held a total of 2,590 shares from the Invesco Perpetual
Asian Fund (“the Invesco Shares”). It was not disputed that 1,600 out of those
2,590 shares were acquired by the Husband in 1992 before the marriage. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Minute Sheet dated 21 October 2015 at p 6.

This was borne out in one of the Husband’s investment spreadsheets that had
been prepared and maintained by the Wife during the marriage. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 6 at p 4125.

Parties, however, disagreed over the remaining 990 Invesco Shares, which were
valued at $7,223.19 in total. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 33.

34 The Husband argued that it was not unreasonable to infer that these 990
shares had been acquired with pre-marital assets. He again relied on his
“ring-fencing” argument, stating that even if these shares were bought post-
marriage, his Singapore bank account statements did not show any outflow of
funds for this purchase. Alternatively, he attributed the 990 share increase
to the possible issuance of bonus units, although he conceded that this was
not entirely clear on the evidence available. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Minute Sheet dated 21 October 2015 at p 6.

35 I did not think it could be inferred that the 990 Invesco shares were
either traceable to bonus issues or bought using pre-marital funds.
Furthermore, the spreadsheets on the Husband’s investments did not show any
change in position in the Husband’s investments due to share consolidations
and/or share splits. When there were in fact such occurrences, there would be
explanatory notes indicating the reasons for these changes, for example, due
to various trades and corporate mergers that had been effected. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 6 at pp 4124-4136.

But there were none here for the relevant Invesco shares. In the
circumstances, I found insufficient evidence to support the Husband’s claim
that these 990 Invesco shares were pre-marital assets.

Cash funds held by HSBC brokers on the Husband’s behalf (value of $116,719.27)
42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 34.

36 The Husband had, by a letter dated 24 April 2014 to the HSBC Private Bank
Investment Group, requested that his investment account be closed and that his
shares in TransGlobe Energy Corporation (“the Transglobe Shares”) be sold,
with the cash funds to be transferred to his Barclays Openplan Savings Account
No. XXXXX135. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 6 at p 4206.

As a result, the Husband’s HSBC brokers held cash funds of $116,719.27 on his
behalf. The issue was whether the assets in his investment account were pre-
marital.

37 The only evidence which the Husband provided to corroborate his position
were his DBS bank statements from February 1999, which showed that there had
been no direct transfers made from his DBS account to fund the HSBC investment
account during the marriage. In my view, this was not conclusive proof that
the assets contained in the HSBC investment account were pre-marital. It would
not have been difficult for the Husband to request HSBC confirm the opening
date of the investment account and other relevant details to support his case.
It also appeared that the HSBC bank statements had been sent to the Husband’s
mother’s UK address, 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Minute Sheet dated 21 October 2015 at p 7.

and he could have obtained them from her to corroborate his claims. But he did
none of these. On the evidence, therefore, I found that the Husband had not
proven that these assets should be excluded from the matrimonial pool.

Unbanked proceeds from the sale of Invensys shares and investments, and other
miscellaneous shares (total value of $986.69) 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Minute Sheet dated 21 October 2015 at p 7; Minute Sheet dated 24 June 2016 at
p 3; HCB 223 S/N 19-22, 27.

38 The Wife also wanted the following assets to be subject to the court’s
division, as there was purportedly no proof that any of them were pre-marital
assets: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at paras 126.13-126.16, 126.19.

Asset| Value  
---|---  
Unbanked proceeds from the sale of certain Invensys shares and investments|
$946.34  
1,768 Redstone plc shares| $37.39  
28 DCD Media plc shares| $2.96  
1 Greenchip Investments share| $0.00  
1 Ambrian Capital plc| $0.00  
  
39 In relation to the first item, I noted that there were no documents to
assist in determining if these proceeds were in fact the Husband’s pre-marital
assets. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Minute Sheet dated 21 October 2015 at p 7.

In any event, I considered these various investments to be de minimis in the
context of the matrimonial pool as a whole and thus excluded these assets. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Minute Sheet dated 24 June 2016 at p 3.

The Husband’s UK bank accounts

Overview

40 The dispute over the assets to be included in the matrimonial pool also
concerned various bank accounts held in the Husband’s name. Even though there
was some doubt as to whether a few of these bank accounts were in fact based
in the UK, I refer to these assets as “the Husband’s UK bank accounts” since
this was the term that the parties had used during the proceedings.

41 The Husband claimed that, prior to 8 August 2003, he only had two UK bank
accounts, both of which were Barclays accounts: these were Barclays, Danbury
Bank Account No. XXXXX135 (which he referred to as his “Main Barclays
Account”), and Barclays Current Account No. XXXXX200 (“the Second Barclays
Account”). 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 2 at pp 1103-1106.

According to the Husband, the monies in these two accounts generally consisted
of funds accumulated before the marriage, namely: 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 2 at pp 1104-1106.

(a) his UK savings, including capital transfers from his parents, prior to and
after his move to Singapore;

(b) his UK earnings prior to his move to Singapore;

(c) inheritance received prior to his move to Singapore, and inheritance-
related income and sale proceeds of inheritance estate received during the
marriage; and

(d) dividend income and sale proceeds from his UK shares acquired prior to his
move to Singapore.

42 According to the Husband, five of the other UK bank accounts were opened
sometime after 8 August 2003. Here, he produced a letter from Barclays Bank
PLC (“Barclays Bank”) addressed to him dated 8 August 2003 informing him that
they were unable to maintain non-resident accounts in its UK branches unless
he was content for the bank to deduct UK income tax, which was set at 20%,
from any interest credited to his accounts (“the 8 August 2003 Letter”). 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 2 at p 1394.

He claimed that this letter prompted him to transfer some monies from the Main
Barclays Account and the Second Barclays Account to those five bank accounts,
which were:

(a) Alliance & Leicester Isle of Man Account No. XXXXXXXX333 (“the Alliance &
Leicester Account”);

(b) Santander, Jersey Account No. XXXXXX-XXXXX854 (“the First Santander
Account”);

(c) Santander, Jersey Account No. XXXXXX-XXXXX272 (“the Second Santander
Account”);

(d) Barclays, Danbury Bank Account No. XXXXX815 (“the Third Barclays
Account”); and

(e) Barclays, Danbury Bank Account No. XXXXX779 (“the Fourth Barclays
Account”).

Parties had agreed that the monies in the Second Santander Account were to be
excluded from the matrimonial pool. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 124.16.

In the remainder of these grounds, the term “the Alleged Post-August 2003
Accounts” will thus refer only to the four remaining bank accounts in dispute.

43 The final bank account which was disputed was a “small operating account”
in NatWest Account No. XXXXX930 (“the NatWest Account”). According to the
Husband, the account was used for the expenses and upkeep of the Cranbrook
property. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 2 at p 1106.

44 In sum, there were a total of seven UK bank accounts over which parties
disputed whether to include in the asset pool.

The parties’ arguments

45 The Husband, in line with his overall position that his assets in the UK
were “ring-fenced” from his assets in Singapore, and that none of his
Singapore earnings during the marriage had been applied towards his UK bank
accounts, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Minute Sheet dated 18 September 2015 at p 7.

exhibited a number of bank documents to show that the movement of monies only
occurred within and among the said UK bank accounts. It was on the basis of
this objective evidence, which showed that the sums in the Second Santander
Account had remained constant from 2011 to 2014, 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Minute Sheet dated 18 September 2015 at p 9; Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits
vol 5 at pp 3310-3373.

that the parties agreed to exclude the Second Santander Account from the
matrimonial pool (see above at [42]). The Husband thus argued that the
remaining bank accounts were in much the same situation, in that they were
never commingled with his assets in Singapore.

46 The Wife, however, argued that the Husband’s claims were untruthful.
Although the Husband claimed not to have made any transfers to the UK from his
Singapore DBS account after February 1999, there had in fact been at least 13
outward telegraphic transfers of various sums of money over the years. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Wife’s 2nd Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 18 June 2015 at para 22.6.

The 13 transactions which had been found on the record amounted to a value of
$129,150.75 in total. One example, which was noted above at [24] and to which
the Husband also conceded, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 4 at p 3037, para 10.

was the sum remitted to the Cranbrook property manager in the UK for
maintenance purposes. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Wife’s 2nd Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 18 June 2015 at para 22.6.

The Wife admitted that it was not clear which countries the remaining
remittances had been made to. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Wife’s 2nd Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 18 June 2015 at para 22.6.

Nevertheless, even though the Husband insisted that the telegraphic transfers
did not represent any outflow of hidden funds and contended that those
transfers had been made for legitimate and reasonable expenses (eg, to
purchase a painting, or to pay for valuation services in relation to the
Cranbrook property after the divorce writ was filed), he was unable to recall
the purposes and details of more than half of those transactions which had
been identified. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 4 at pp 3037-3038, paras 10-12.

All these, the Wife argued, provided reason to doubt the Husband’s claim of
“ring-fencing.”

My decision

(a) The Main Barclays Account (value of $389,561.32) 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 35.

47 The Husband had opened the Main Barclays Account around 1979 when he was 17
years old, long before the parties married in 1998. The Wife’s key contention
was that the account balance was very low at the start of the marriage, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Wife’s 2nd Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 18 June 2015 at para 22.2.

and that at least some of the funds in the Main Barclays Account at the time
of the proceedings had in fact been accumulated during the marriage from the
Husband’s share dividends.

48 The Husband insisted that the funds in the Main Barclays Account were pre-
marital assets. He also insisted that his DBS bank statements all the way from
February 1999 showed that there had been no telegraphic transfers of monies
from that account to fund his UK assets, although, as noted earlier, the Wife
disputed this. According to the Husband, the funds in the Main Barclays
Account thus could not have come from income generated during the marriage.
The Wife’s assertion otherwise was tantamount to absurd suggestion that he had
brought “bags of cash” to the UK during the marriage to effect the transfers.
This was highly improbable because of capital controls limiting the physical
movement of funds across borders. The reality was that very few people
actually retained their bank statements over a prolonged period of time and it
was impractical to expect him to produce all his bank statements for an
account that has been opened in 1979. It was “purely by a stroke of good
fortune” that DBS had kept his statements since 1999, 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Minute Sheet dated 18 September 2015 at p 8.

albeit he had to pay DBS for them.

49 In my judgment, the Husband’s “ring-fencing” argument was not persuasive.
Instead of attempting to show that the funds consisted entirely of pre-marital
assets because there had been no outflow of funds from his DBS account, he
could have shown that there had been no significant inflow of funds into the
Main Barclays Account at least for the later part of the marriage, when bank
records would have been available to show or negative a possible pattern. The
fact that the account had been opened a long time ago may explain why some
bank statements could not be located, but it did not absolve him of all
evidential burden. In any event, the Husband had not provided any statements
on the Main Barclays Account before or after the marriage. He also did not
explain why he could not have produced at least some bank statements for the
relevant period, which might have persuaded me to give him the benefit of the
doubt. Furthermore, despite his claims of the difficulties in producing bank
statements, he was nonetheless able to produce other correspondence from
Barclays Bank, including the 8 August 2003 letter which was issued nearly
fourteen years ago, to support his argument that most of his bank accounts
were set up after that date simply to receive his pre-marital funds in the UK
and reduce his tax liability for interest payments on those funds.

50 I was thus of the view that the $389,561.32 in the Main Barclays Account
should be added to the asset pool. For the avoidance of doubt, the value of
$389,561.32 did not include the monies from the sale of the Transglobe Shares,
which were still being held by the Husband’s HSBC brokers although they had
been instructed to transfer those funds into the Main Barclays Account (see
above at [36]). 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 34 and 35.

This was confirmed by the parties during the proceedings. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Minute Sheet dated 24 June 2016 at p 4.

(b) The Second Barclays Account (value of $2,075.35) 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 42.

51 The main evidence on the funds in the Second Barclays Account was a bank
statement dated 1 May 2012, which was adduced by the Wife. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Wife’s 2nd Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 18 June 2015 at p 336.

This showed that the account held a balance of £1,163.38 (ie, $2,075.35) at
that time. The Husband claimed that these monies comprised his pre-marital
earnings before he moved to Singapore, 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Minute Sheet dated 21 October 2015 at p 14.

and that he had closed this account on 19 September 2012. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 2 at pp 1103-1106.

52 I included the value of the account in the asset pool. Save for a passing
reference in his affidavit of 5 June 2015 that the account had been closed on
19 September 2012, there was no evidence to substantiate this. If the account
had indeed been closed on 19 September 2012, it would appear that he had
chosen to close it very shortly after the Wife served the divorce writ on him
on 8 September 2012. The assertion that he had closed this account on 19
September 2012 was also inconsistent with his declaration in his earlier
affidavit of 27 August 2014 where, in response to the Wife’s interrogatories,
he stated that he had not closed any of his bank accounts since January 2011.
70

##### Foot Note 70

×

See Husband’s Affidavit (Answers to Interrogatories) dated 2 September 2014 at
p 3; Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 4 at p 3148.

In any event, there was no evidence of when the account was first opened or
that the funds came from his pre-marital assets.

53 The Husband complained that he was at a disadvantage because the Wife had
sole control over the P.O. Box, to which most of the documents and
correspondence on his bank accounts were sent. When she left home in October
2012, she took the key to the P.O. Box with her and returned it to him only in
January 2013. There had been no mention in her affidavits as to what she did
with the documents that were sent to the P.O. Box between October 2012 and
January 2013. The suggestion by the Husband, it appeared, was that information
on the account closure could have been lost in the intervening period. The
Husband also argued that the Wife had always been more familiar than he was
with his offshore accounts and investments because she was in charge of them
and kept spreadsheets to monitor them. Presumably, the argument was that this
impaired his ability to provide the relevant information to the court.

54 I was not convinced by the Husband’s argument on this front. Even if it was
true that he did not have full access to the documents sent to his home, he
should, as an experienced professional auditor, be well-placed to pursue other
options to obtain relevant information on his assets. In any event, it
appeared that the Wife had provided him with the relevant records of his
investments sometime around January 2013, 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

See Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 6 at p 4683.

some months before the relevant affidavits referred to above had to be filed.

(c) The Alleged Post-August 2003 Accounts

55 To recapitulate, the Alleged Post-August 2003 Accounts referred to the
following (see above at [42]):

(a) the Alliance & Leicester Account (value of $115,585.70); 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 38.

(b) the First Santander Account (value of $119,368.47); 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 39.

(c) the Third Barclays Account (value of $188,318.22); 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 36.

and

(d) the Fourth Barclays Account (value of $12,620.36). 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 37.

56 As I noted above at [41]−[42], the Husband claimed that all these accounts
had been set up after 8 August 2003 for tax reasons and were wholly traceable
to pre-marital assets transferred from the Main Barclays Account and the
Second Barclays Account.

57 According to the Husband, the monies in the Alliance & Leicester Account
and the First Santander Account had come from the Second Barclays Account.
Here, he adduced two cheque stubs documenting transfers of £50,000 from the
Second Barclays Account to each of these bank accounts. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 2 at pp 1395-1396.

His own evidence, however, cast doubt on the veracity of his claims. Although
the cheque stubs did show transfers of £50,000 from the Second Barclays
Account into each of these two accounts, they also showed that the cheques
were issued on 15 January 2003 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 2 at pp 1395-1396.

and not after 8 August 2003 as he claimed. This was a serious gap in the
evidence.

58 As for the Third Barclays Account and the Fourth Barclays Account, the
Husband claimed that the monies had come from the Main Barclays Account.
However, he did not produce any cheque stubs nor any other evidence on the
source of those funds. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 2 at p 1104, para 42b.

Furthermore, the bank statements for these two bank accounts revealed a
glaring inconsistency in his narrative. Although he said that he was prompted
to set up these accounts because he did not want the 20% UK income tax to be
deducted from the interest credited to the Main Barclays Account and the
Second Barclays Account, the statements for Third Barclays Account and the
Fourth Barclays Account still showed continuing tax deductions of 20% from the
interest credited to those accounts between 2012 and 2014 and between 2010 and
2014 respectively. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 5 at pp 3401-3412.

This ran counter to his stated objective of tax planning.

59 In any event, there was no evidence on when these accounts were first
opened nor sufficient proof that the source of these funds were pre-marital
assets. As mentioned, the fact that the Husband’s DBS statements from 1999 to
date showed that there were no telegraphic transfers to these accounts was not
enough to prove that the funds in the UK bank accounts were pre-marital
assets. Furthermore, the Husband, by virtue of his training as a professional
auditor, would appreciate the importance of having the relevant bank
documentation to prove his claims and be well-placed to provide them. The fact
that the Husband made no further attempts at disclosure reinforced my
conclusion that he was being cagey about the Alleged Post-August 2003
Accounts.

60 As the Husband had not shown that the monies in the Alleged Post-August
2003 Accounts were his pre-marital assets, I included them in the asset pool
for division.

(d) The NatWest Account (value of $19,576.39) 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 40.

61 The NatWest Account was a joint bank account that the Husband opened with
the Cranbrook property manager, a friend who helped out with the said property
on a voluntary basis, 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Husband’s submissions dated 17 September 2015 at para 34(a).

for the maintenance and upkeep of the property. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits at p 1106, para 47.

There was no evidence on the opening date of the account. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Minute Sheet dated 21 October 2015 at p 12.

62 The Wife’s position was that, regardless of the court’s findings on whether
the Cranbrook property was matrimonial property, the monies in the NatWest
Account were matrimonial assets. Both parties had deposited monies into the
account during the marriage, 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Minute Sheet dated 21 October 2015 at p 13.

even if the monies that she had remitted were ultimately derived from the
monetary gifts given to her by the Husband. The Husband’s position was that
the Wife should not be given any credit for any of her remittances since those
monies had ultimately originated from him. He also provided evidence of an
outward telegraphic transfer of £10,000 from his DBS account on 21 January
2013, 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

which he used to support his claim that he had transferred monies directly to
the NatWest Account himself.

63 I found that the monies in the NatWest Account were matrimonial assets.
Whether they were gifts from the Husband to the Wife or direct transfers from
the Husband, the point was that these monies came from the Husband’s
employment earnings during the course of the marriage.

64 The parties’ arguments were thus peripheral to the outcome of my decision.
For completeness, however, I state my views briefly on the issues which
occupied a large part of parties’ submissions.

65 Firstly, while I was prepared to accept that the Husband had transferred
£10,000 from his Singapore DBS account to his UK NatWest Account for the
upkeep of the Cranbrook property in 2013, I found it odd, and indeed quite
inexplicable, that the Husband produced all the relevant NatWest bank
statements save for the one bank statement in January 2013 which would have
conclusively proven the £10,000 remittance in January 2013. As there was no
January 2013 bank statement to show the £10,000 remittance from his DBS
account, his counsel sought to reconcile, in some detail, the bank account
figures based on the preceding and subsequent bank statements to show that the
ending balance in the account reflected the £10,000 deposit minus the usual
maintenance expenses. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 5 at p 3617.

These attempts to reconcile the figures pre- and post-remittance were not the
subject of any affidavits by the Husband but were representations from the
Bar. My acceptance of his claim on this point was therefore not without
reservations.

66 Secondly, I did not agree with the Husband that the Wife’s remittances
should not be recognised as her contributions to the NatWest Account. Since
the monies remitted were essentially gifts to the Wife in the context of an
ongoing marriage at the time, the Wife would have had some discretion as to
how she wished to use the funds. In the circumstances, I considered that the
Wife should be given some credit for having saved up some of these monies and
eventually applying them to the NatWest Account for the upkeep of the
Cranbrook property.

Concluding observations on the Husband’s alleged pre-marital assets

67 I wish to conclude my discussion on the Husband’s alleged pre-marital
assets with one final observation. In my view, the Husband’s choice to rely
largely on his “ring-fencing” argument, and not to tender relevant evidence to
substantiate his claim that his UK assets were acquired before the marriage,
might have perhaps stemmed from a reluctance to disclose the full extent of
his pre-marital assets. The value of all his assets (including pre-marital
assets and other non-marital assets such as inheritances and gifts during the
marriage) was relevant in determining the quantum of maintenance to be
awarded. The reluctance to produce relevant bank statements or other
documentary evidence might also have stemmed from a concern that disclosure
could lead to a further train of enquiry into other undisclosed bank accounts,
assets or sources of income. Nevertheless, I emphasise that in deciding this
case, I had regard solely to the evidence that was before me.

What was the value of the capital, earnings and profit allocation receivable
from the firm that was to be included in the matrimonial pool

68 Another issue was whether the Husband’s capital, earnings and profit
allocation receivable/received from the firm was part of the matrimonial pool
and if so, what was the value of these assets to be included. The relevant
assets here were: 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 24-26.

(a) An amount of $1,054,921.86 receivable from the firm’s Current Account for
the year ending 2013; 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 126.2.

(b) An amount of $552,000 receivable from the firm’s Capital and Loan Account
as at 4 March 2014 (ie, the date of interim judgment); 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 4 at p 3150, para 5.4.

and

(c) The Husband’s pro-rated profit allocation of $634,970.19 receivable from
the firm for the period between September 2013 and March 2014.

The amount of $1,054,921.86 receivable from the firm’s Current Account

69 Parties agreed that the firm’s Current Account containing the Husband’s
annual profit allocation from the firm for the relevant period was
$1,054,921.86. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

HCB 222 S/N 2; HCB 303; Wife’s reply submissions dated 18 September 2015 at
para 11.

70 While the Husband agreed in principle that this was a matrimonial asset, he
submitted that there should be a reduction of the sum to include: 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Husband’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 25.

(a) a 10% discount for both “the time cost of money and collection risk”; and

(b) a further 20% discount as tax payable on that sum (as he was in the top
tax bracket).

71 The 10% discount was to bring payments made on the date of interim judgment
to their present-day value, 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Minute Sheet dated 21 October 2015 at p 3.

and to take into account the uncertainty over the Husband’s actual receipt of
the monies since those monies were only “paid progressively in accordance with
the firm’s collections from clients”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Husband’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 23.

The Wife, however, pointed out that as at the time of the ancillary hearing,
the monies had already been fully distributed to the Husband. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Minute Sheet dated 21 October 2015 at pp 3-4; Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits
vol 5 at p 3870; Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 5 at pp 3639-3650.

She also argued that a tax rate of 7.05%, and not 20%, should be applied. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Minute Sheet dated 18 September 2015 at p 6.

This was the Husband’s effective tax rate, which was clearly borne out from
his IRAS Notice of Assessment 2014. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Wife’s reply submissions dated 18 September 2015 at paras 15-16.

72 In the premises, I was of the view that the only appropriate deduction to
be made was that to account for the effective tax rate of 7.05%. The amount
which was to be added to the matrimonial pool was thus assessed to be
$980,549.87. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 24.

The amount of $552,000 receivable from the firm’s Capital and Loan Account

73 This amount in firm’s Capital and Loan Account represented the Husband’s
capital contribution to the firm as a partner, being money advanced to the
firm as a loan. It was agreed that the amount of $552,000 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

HCB 222 S/N 2; HCB 303; Wife’s reply submissions dated 18 September 2015 at
para 11.

was a matrimonial asset.

74 The Husband initially proposed that the Wife’s share should only be paid
under an “if and when” order, that is, if and when the firm refunded the money
to him (ie, when he retired at the age of 58 in 2020). In response to her
objection, he proposed applying a 10% discount rate because the sum was a
future sum payable to him with an element of uncertainty over whether he would
actually receive the full $552,000 at retirement and because payment to the
Wife was being accelerated.

75 The Wife argued that there was no such uncertainty as the sum of $552,000
was plainly money owed to him and which would be repaid to him on retirement.
The 10% discount was also an arbitrary figure.

76 I included the full amount of $552,000 in the matrimonial pool. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 25.

These monies were held by a reputable and well-established firm in the
industry. An “if and when” order was neither appropriate nor necessary, and
the Husband had not made a compelling case for a 10% discount. Parties also
agreed that a provision for tax was not required.

The Husband’s pro-rated profit allocation receivable from the firm for the
period between September 2013 and March 2014

77 The Wife pointed out that the Husband was entitled to a further profit
allocation from the firm in September each year, and a pro-rated profit
allocation for the year commencing September 2013 through to the date of the
Interim Judgement on 4 March 2014 should be added to the pool. This pro-rated
amount was $634,970.19 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 26.

based on the sum of $1,903,270.84 shown in the firm’s Current Account
statement dated 18 October 2014, 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 3 at p 1811.

with relevant deductions for tax payable and monthly salaries paid out to him.

78 The Husband resisted the inclusion of those profits as, firstly, his legal
entitlement to the monies would arise only when the firm declared those
profits in September 2014, after the date of interim judgment on 4 March 2014.
Secondly, it was not possible to determine his profit entitlement as at the
date of interim judgment as the firm’s profits might fluctuate within a
calendar year. Should the profits be included in the asset pool, a 10%
discount should be applied for the same reasons he had advanced in relation to
the monies receivable from his firm’s Current Account (see above at
[70]-[71]). 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Minute Sheet dated 21 October 2015 at pp 3-4.

79 On the Husband’s first point, I found the Court of Appeal’s discussion in
Yeo Chong Lin v Tay Ang Choo Nancy and another appeal [2011] 2 SLR 1157 (“Yeo
Chong Lin”), on the operative date of asset valuation, to be helpful. In Yeo
Chong Lin, Chao Hick Tin JA, in delivering the judgment of the court,
considered that the operative date for the division of assets would not
necessarily bar the court from taking into account future employment benefits
if, on the day of the ancillary matters hearing in question, it was known that
a spouse would likely receive those benefits in the future due to his past
services (at [21]). As the Husband had acknowledged that a profit declaration
would be made in September 2014, I found it appropriate to pro-rate and
include those benefits in the pool of assets. Part of these profits due to the
Husband had accrued before the date of interim judgment, and the exclusion of
these pro-rated profits would effectively discount the value of the Wife’s
indirect contributions to the marriage, which enabled the Husband to focus on
his job and career. By the time of the ancillary matters hearing before me,
there was also clear evidence that enabled me to ascertain with sufficient
precision the pro-rated profit allocation for the period between September
2013 and March 2014. Finally, I rejected the Husband’s argument that a 10%
discount should be applied to the pro-rated profits of $634,970.19 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 26.

as the monies had already been received by him at the time of my decision.

Whether certain sums of money transferred out by the Husband as loans, gifts
or payments should be clawed back and added to the matrimonial pool

80 The third aspect of the Wife’s case on the issue of division was that
certain sums of money should be notionally added back to the matrimonial pool.
The Husband had wastefully dissipated these amounts from their matrimonial
assets by way of loans, gifts or payments to third parties.

81 These sums of money were:

(a) the Husband’s loan of $40,000 to a wakeboard boat owner; 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 43.

(b) his payment of $5,615.33 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 128.

to one “Dorothy” over the internet for her services;

(c) his loans of $30,000 to a person, with whom he had an affair, for her
father’s medical bills; 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 44.

(d) his ex gratia payment of $58,816 to the same person in (c) above, from his
firm’s Current Account; 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 45.

(e) his cheque payment of $10,334 allegedly made to his then-girlfriend, who
was now his wife; 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 46.

(f) his monetary gifts of $2,530 and of an unknown amount to an alleged ex-
girlfriend; 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 128.

(g) his payment of $8,679.42 to one “Candy”; 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 128.

(h) the parties’ legal fees; and

(i) the Husband’s Private Investigator (“PI”) fees of $197,390. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 47-51.

82 I note that although the Deputy Registrar had previously directed the
parties to exclude withdrawals of less than $10,000 during discovery, 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 132.

it appeared that some withdrawals of below $10,000 had nevertheless been
included on the record without objection.

My decision

83 Before I proceed with setting out the reasons for my decision, I wish to
make a general observation that the Husband’s expenditures had been
scrutinised in some detail by the Wife in these proceedings relative to any
scrutiny by him of her expenditures, particularly in relation to any gifts or
monies spent on their friends and relatives and any other discretionary
expenditures.

The Husband’s loan of $40,000 to wakeboard boat owner.

84 The Husband, a wakeboarding enthusiast, had regularly used the services of
a wakeboard boat owner, to whom he lent $40,000 in July 2011. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 3 at p 1687.

He argued that this was a genuine loan made before any divorce proceedings
were contemplated, 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Minute Sheet dated 21 October 2015 at p 16.

and that he did not expect to be repaid 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Wife’s 4th written submissions dated 13 November 2015 at p 54 S/N 71.

as he and the boat owner were friends. On that basis, it was submitted that
the sum of $40,000 should not form part of the matrimonial pool.

85 The Wife argued that the loan was still a loan, although made before the
filing of the divorce writ. Since she could not verify and did not know if the
Husband had asked to be repaid, she did not accept that there was no
expectation for the loan to be repaid.

86 I added the $40,000 loan to the asset pool. I noted that the Husband had
made a separate loan of $25,000 to another one of his friends, D, which he
conceded should be added back to the matrimonial pool. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Wife’s 4th written submissions dated 13 November 2015 at para 9.

There was no satisfactory reason as to why the $40,000 loan should be treated
differently.

The Husband’s payment of $5,615.33 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 128.

to one “Dorothy” over the internet for her services

87 The Husband explained that he had made a payment to one “Dorothy” at “a
very low point of [his] life”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 7 at p 5256, para 81.

He was alone at home and faced the prospect of spending Christmas 2012 by
himself without any loved ones. Being somewhat desperate for companionship, he
came into contact with “Dorothy” on an online forum. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Wife’s Bundle of Ancillary Affidavits vol A2 at Tab 21.

He sent her money without ever meeting her, and she promptly disappeared
thereafter. He also said that the amount transferred was only about $2,000,
120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 7 at p 5256, para 81.

and not $5,615.33 as the Wife alleged.

88 The Wife argued that this payment should be added back to the asset pool
because it was made in December 2012, after she filed for divorce in September
2012.

89 I declined to add this payment back into the asset pool. Issues of morality
aside, it was for the Husband to decide how best he wished to spend his time
(and money) after the divorce writ was filed. I viewed this as a discretionary
expense, and one which was in any event minimal relative to the value of the
asset pool and the Husband’s direct financial contributions thereto which were
acknowledged by the Wife.

The Husband’s loans totalling $30,000 to a person, with whom he had had an
affair in the firm, for her father’s medical bills 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 44.

90 The Husband also admitted transferring amounts totalling $30,000 over
September and October 2011 to a person in the firm, with whom he had had an
affair. These were loans to cover her share of her father’s medical bills, for
which there was no fixed repayment date and no interest. The loans had not
been repaid and he did not expect repayment. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 4 at p 3154.

These loans were made in 2011 before divorce proceedings were even commenced.
123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 5 at pp 3269-3270.

91 The Wife argued that the monies should be added back to the pool as the
Husband had conceded that these were loans. There did not appear to be any
attempt to recover the loan and there was no evidence to corroborate his claim
that he did not expect repayment. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Minute Sheet dated 21 October 2015 at p 17.

92 I included these monies in the asset pool as a loan to be repaid,
consistently with the approach taken for the loans to D and the wakeboard boat
owner (see above at [86]).

The Husband’s ex gratia payment of $58,816 to a person with whom he had had an
affair, from his firm’s Current Account 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 45.

93 The Husband admitted to making an ex gratia payment of $58,816 to the
person with whom he had had an affair in the firm, as compensation to her when
her employment with the firm was terminated. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 5 at pp 3791-3792.

He had authorised payment to her from his firm’s Current Account on this
occasion.

94 The Wife explained that when this person’s husband discovered the affair,
he prevailed upon her to take a leave of absence from the firm. It was the
Wife’s case that the Husband leveraged his position as a member of the firm’s
Operations Committee to keep that person on full salary during those few
months of leave. When the firm was reluctant to continue paying that person’s
salary indefinitely or to bear a severance payment, the Husband agreed to
personally bear her severance compensation.

95 I added the payment of $58,816 back into the matrimonial pool. It was
accepted that this was an ex gratia payment from the Husband, which he was
under no legal obligation to make. It was clear that the firm took the
position that they were not liable for any payment and that if such a payment
were to be made, it was to be personally borne by the Husband. In an internal
firm email dated 8 December 2011, the following directions had been made: 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 6 at p 4116.

Please issue a cheque from […] for $58,816 to [X]. The amount will be
reimbursed by [the Husband]. Thanks.

[emphasis added]

The firm’s Current Account also reflected a deduction of that precise amount
as the Husband’s “private expense”. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 4 at p 3174.

The Husband’s cheque payment of $10,334 allegedly made to his then-girlfriend,
who was now his wife. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 46.

96 The Husband’s bank statements showed a further payment of $10,334 on 27
June 2013, 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 3 at p 1736.

after the commencement of divorce proceedings on 4 September 2012 and before
interim judgment was granted on 4 March 2014. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Minute Sheet dated 21 October 2015 at p 18.

Although the Husband was unable to recall the reason for this cash withdrawal,
he believed that it was spent on his then-girlfriend, who was now his wife.
132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 5 at p 3615.

He submitted that this was not an excessive amount as he was in a “serious
enough” 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Minute Sheet dated 21 October 2015 at p 18.

relationship with her at the time.

97 The Wife’s position was that he should not have been dipping into the
matrimonial pool to provide gifts to his girlfriends, especially after the
divorce had been filed. Moreover, he had only entered into a relationship with
this lady in February 2013. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 6 at p 4896.

I noted also that by the time of the ancillary matters hearing, the Husband
had married the lady and that she had borne him a son.

98 As the Husband had not provided a satisfactory explanation for this
payment, his position being essentially that he was unable to recall the
reason for the payment, I added the $10,334 back into the matrimonial pool.

The Husband’s monetary gifts of $2,530 and of an unknown amount to an alleged
ex-girlfriend 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 128.

99 The Wife also claimed that the Husband had given $2,530 to a girlfriend in
March 2012. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 128.

According to the Wife, the Husband had also planned to travel to Nepal with
the girlfriend and had paid for her flight there, although it was not known
how much he had actually spent on her air ticket. He should not have drawn on
the matrimonial pool to provide monetary gifts to his girlfriends.

100 Although the Husband conceded this payment, I was not convinced that this
amount should be included in the asset pool. Issues of morality aside, this
was a small sum relative to the value of the total asset pool and the
Husband’s direct financial contributions, which were acknowledged by the Wife.
This sum could be regarded as part of his discretionary expenditure.

The Husband’s payment of $8,679.42 to one “Candy” 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 128.

101 The Husband had transferred an amount of $8,679.42 on 17 June 2013 to pay
for air tickets for someone named Candy and her children to come to Singapore.
138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 4 at p 3036.

The Wife’s position again was that he should not have spent large amounts of
money on people who were not strictly related to him.

102 At the hearing, the Husband’s counsel clarified and then retracted the
Husband’s claim that Candy was his god-sister (after conceding that the
relationship had not been stated in his affidavits). 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Minute Sheet dated 21 October 2015 at p 14.

Counsel stressed that the payment was below the $10,000 mark set by the Deputy
Registrar during discovery (see above at [82]). 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Minute Sheet dated 21 October 2015 at p 19.

103 I declined to add this payment back to the matrimonial pool. I considered
this to be part of the Husband’s discretionary expenditure.

Parties’ legal fees

104 The Wife’s position was that the legal fees of the parties before interim
judgment, which is the operative date, should be added back to the pool of
assets. It was not disputed that the Husband had incurred $426,986.32 whilst
the Wife had incurred $70,842.99 in legal fees. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 132; Joint Summary dated 7
September 2016 S/N 52-66; S/N 22-23.

105 The courts have generally accepted that legal fees are not to be deducted
from the matrimonial pool. In ALJ v ALK [2010] SGHC 255, Woo Bih Li J
considered that “[i]f [a party] had incurred legal fees on the divorce and
ancillary proceedings, he should have used his own assets to pay for them
first and not matrimonial assets” (at [43]). Similarly, in AQT v AQU [2011]
SGHC 138, Lai Siu Chiu J did not accept that the Wife’s legal fees for
matrimonial proceedings could be deducted from the pool of assets. Lai J
stated as follows (at [37]):

It was highly unusual for the legal fees for these very matrimonial
proceedings to be deducted from the pool of matrimonial assets. It would be an
unwise precedent to allow parties to deduct their hefty legal costs from the
pool of matrimonial assets. Whatever liability parties owe their solicitors
for the matrimonial proceedings should be settled from their own share of the
matrimonial assets after division. To deduct the legal fees from the joint
pool of matrimonial assets during the proceedings would be to render any cost
order the Court made in the judgment largely nugatory.

[emphasis in original]

106 On this basis, I determined that the parties’ respective legal fees should
be added back to the matrimonial pool.

The Husband’s Private Investigator fees totalling $197,390 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016 S/N 47-51.

107 The Wife submitted that the Husband’s PI fees be added back to the pool of
assets for division. She argued that the PI fees of $197,390 allegedly
incurred by him were highly questionable because:

(a) Despite spending a relatively large sum of money, he exhibited only a PI
report for ten days of surveillance.

(b) He had provided documentary evidence of cheques that evidenced some, but
not all, of the payments. Further, he had not produced a single invoice or
receipt for the PI services. This was in contrast to her own PI expenses,
which had been properly documented.

(c) One of the PI firms was not on the Singapore Police Force’s list of
approved PI agencies and did not appear to have a valid PI license, did not
have a web presence and its personnel, when contacted by phone, appeared
evasive when asked about their firm. She believed that he could have engaged
the firm to fabricate evidence against her for the divorce proceedings.

(d) His expenses on PI services were grossly inflated.

108 The Husband conceded that his PI surveillance had not borne out his
suspicion of the Wife seeing someone else, although it supported his position
that she was “idling her time away outside of the matrimonial home” instead of
taking care of the children. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Husband’s submissions dated 8 July 2016 at para 23.

He had immediately terminated the PI services when they were getting too
expensive. His cheque images were sufficient evidence of most of the payments
as the PIs had wanted to be paid in cash for the remaining sums. Should the
court decide to include his PI fees in the matrimonial pool, the Wife’s PI
fees should also be added back.

109 Neither party were able to produced case authorities on the subject of PI
fees. I would subscribe to the principle that while it is a party’s
prerogative to spend as much as he wishes to advance his case, this should not
be at the expense of reducing the matrimonial assets for division. Each party
should bear his own PI fees out of his share of the matrimonial assets unless
the court orders otherwise (for example, where a party had to engage a PI in
order to prove adultery, subject to the fees being reasonable: see Goh Yong
Hng v Cheong Yen Teng (Zheng Yanping) (mw) and another [2003] 2 SLR(R) 530).
Where there is cause to be sceptical about the need for PI surveillance, there
is an even greater imperative for the funds to be added back because they had
been unjustifiably depleted by the actions of one party.

110 On the facts, I was satisfied that the Husband had not proven that it was
either necessary or reasonable to incur PI fees of $197,390. As for the Wife’s
PI fees, she had been able to demonstrate during taxation in the Family
Justice Court on 26 August 2014 that her PI fees, to the extent of $41,921.50,
144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Wife’s submissions dated 12 July 2016 at para 22 and Tab 8.

were justified and reasonable in quantum for the divorce proceedings. For a
much lower fee, the Wife obtained sufficient evidence, as stated in her
Statement of Particulars (Amendment No. 1) (“SOP”), to initiate the divorce
proceedings. The Husband did not dispute the SOP and did not appeal the
taxation. I thus added the Husband’s PI fees, but not the Wife’s PI fees back
into the asset pool. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Minute Sheet dated 23 August 2016 at p 6.

Whether income received during the marriage from the Husband’s pre-marital
assets should be included in the matrimonial pool

111 The final issue which I had to determine in identifying and valuing the
asset pool was whether or not dividends received during the marriage from the
Husband’s shares should be included in the matrimonial pool. The shares in
question had been acquired by the Husband prior to the marriage. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

See Husband’s submissions dated 17 November 2015 at para 1.

112 The dividends had been credited into the Husband’s various UK bank
accounts over the years, 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Husband’s submissions dated 17 November 2015 at para 1.

and were thus reflected in the value of the said accounts. If I had found that
these monies were to be excluded from the matrimonial pool, I would have to
deduct an amount of $229,138.55 from the value of the Husband’s UK bank
accounts (which I had found above, formed part of the matrimonial assets). 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Minute Sheet dated 24 June 2016 at p 7.

This was the figure upon which the parties agreed represented the entire value
of the dividends derived from the Husband’s shares during the marriage, should
income from those pre-marital assets be considered matrimonial property and
included in the pool.

113 Since the issue would turn on the interpretation of s 112(10) of the
Women’s Charter, I reproduce the provision below for ease of reference:

Power of court to order division of matrimonial assets

112\. — …

(10) In this section, “matrimonial asset” means —

(a) any asset acquired before the marriage by one party or both parties to the
marriage —

(i) ordinarily used or enjoyed by both parties or one or more of their
children while the parties are residing together for shelter or transportation
or for household, education, recreational, social or aesthetic purposes; or

(ii) which has been substantially improved during the marriage by the other
party or by both parties to the marriage; and

(b) any other asset of any nature acquired during the marriage by one party or
both parties to the marriage,

but does not include any asset (not being a matrimonial home) that has been
acquired by one party at any time by gift or inheritance and that has not been
substantially improved during the marriage by the other party or by both
parties to the marriage.

114 It was important, at the outset, to properly characterise the nature of
the assets from which the dividend income was derived. In this regard, I noted
that, although parties did not dispute the fact that the shares, from which
the income was reaped, were pre-marital assets, the Husband’s position on
those shares was essentially that they were pre-marital gifts. This was
because, according to him, the shares had been purchased using monetary gifts
(ie, the proceeds of sale of inherited property and/or using money transferred
to him by his father). 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 2 at p 1101, para 35.

115 I then considered the legal principles which applied to the assets in
question. In the course of argument, the Wife cited the authority of ET v ES
[2007] SGHC 152 (“ET v ES”), which ostensibly supported her argument that the
dividends were “matrimonial assets” under s 112(10) that should be included in
the pool. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Wife’s submissions dated 18 & 19 November 2015 at paras 22-23.

In ET v ES, the husband in that case had acquired real property and shares
before the marriage. The issue was whether the rent and dividends which the
husband received during the marriage from those pre-marital assets, which were
not themselves matrimonial assets, fell within the definition of “matrimonial
assets” under s 112(10). In affirming that s 112(10)(b) of the Women’s Charter
was extensive in nature and brought within the scope of matrimonial assets
“any… asset of any nature acquired during the marriage”, Lee Seiu Kin J held
as follows (at [13]):

These wide words are only circumscribed by the proviso which excludes “any
asset (not being a matrimonial home) that has been acquired by one party at
any time by gift or inheritance and that has not been substantially improved
during the marriage by the other party or by both parties to the marriage”...
The plain interpretation of the proviso would mean that an asset (of any
nature) acquired during the marriage is a matrimonial asset unless it is a
gift or inheritance that had not been substantially improved on during the
marriage by either party. Since the income from rent or dividend is an asset
received during the marriage, it falls within the definition of matrimonial
asset.

[original emphasis omitted]

According to the Wife, it would thus appear that dividend income from the
Husband’s pre-marital shares would fall within the definition of a
“matrimonial asset” under s 112(10) so long as the income was received during
the marriage. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Wife’s submissions dated 18 & 19 November 2015 at para 23; Minute Sheet dated
18 November 2015 at p 4.

On this basis, the entire value of $229,138.55 should be included in the
matrimonial pool.

116 I agreed with Lee J’s interpretation of s 112(10) of the Women’s Charter.
The logic and reasoning for Lee J’s interpretation, which seemed to me
uncontroversial, appears sufficiently from the extract cited above, and
requires no repetition.

117 A fundamental distinction, however, had to be drawn between the issue that
arose for determination in ET v ES and the issue which was before me. The case
of ET v ES was concerned with the treatment of income received during the
marriage from pre-marital assets under s 112(10) of the Women’s Charter; it
was not concerned with the treatment of income received during the marriage
from pre-marital gifts more specifically. The important difference was that,
once gifts were in question, this would trigger the final portion of s 112(10)
which excluded certain assets from the matrimonial pool (whether pre-marital
or otherwise) by virtue of the fact that they were acquired by gift or
inheritance (hereinafter referred to as “the exclusionary limb”).

118 As I noted above, the Husband’s position was that the shares in question
were pre-marital gifts (the important point being that the shares were gifts).
To determine whether the dividends received from those shares should be
included in the asset pool, the real question to be answered was whether or
not those dividends could properly be considered a gift as well. If so, the
dividends would similarly be excluded from the matrimonial pool on the basis
that they fell within the exclusionary limb.

119 Despite the lack of case authorities on this point, it seemed to me, as a
matter of general principle, that an “asset… that has been acquired by one
party… by gift or inheritance” under the exclusionary limb would be broad
enough to include certain types of income received during the marriage that
inexorably flowed from gifted assets. In my view, such an approach would be
consistent with the rationale for excluding third-party gifts from the
definition of matrimonial assets, which is to respect and recognise the
donor’s intention and to prevent unmerited windfalls to the non-recipient
spouse (see Wan Lai Cheng at [42]). In determining whether or not income
received from gifted assets in a particular case itself qualifies as an asset
acquired by gift, the test I propose is a fact-specific one, ie, whether the
income was so inextricably linked to the gifted asset that it might properly
be said to be acquired by gift as well. This would depend on all the
circumstances of the case, in particular on the nature of the gifted asset and
the manner in which its income was derived.

120 To illustrate the application of this test, I propose to draw on two
examples. The first concerns a situation where a parent institutes a trust in
favour of his son which entitles the latter to receive distributions under
that trust. After the son marries, he continues to receive the distributions
from the trust during the marriage. In this case, it seems clear that the
income would be so inextricably linked to the gifted asset, ie, the beneficial
interest under the trust, that it must be taken to be acquired by gift as
well. The second example is one by way of contrast. This concerns a situation
where a third party has gifted a car to a would-be spouse. After the latter
marries, he or she decides to rent out or use the car for transportation
services in order to earn income. In this case, it could not be said that the
income derived from the rental or from the transportation services would be so
inextricably linked to the gifted asset, ie, the car, that it can be taken to
be acquired by gift. In keeping with the fact-specific nature of the test that
I have outlined, I hasten to add that these examples are meant to be general
illustrations that would, prima facie, lead to the conclusions that I have
stated. The outcome reached in any particular case, as I stated earlier, would
ultimately depend on the individual circumstances at hand.

121 In applying the test set out above to the present facts, it was evident to
me that dividends which flow from shares acquired by gift would be so
inextricably linked to the shares themselves that they should be considered as
having been acquired by gift. The nature of dividends is such that they flow
inexorably from shares; indeed, the very value of the shares take into account
the sum of dividends that may be derived from those shares. In my view,
dividends from shares acquired by gift would therefore qualify as assets
acquired by gift themselves. They would thus fall under the exclusionary limb
of s 112(10) of the Women’s Charter, and would thus not be subject to
division.

122 In the premises, I would have found for the Husband but for the fact that
no objective evidence had been proffered to support his assertion that he had
used the proceeds of sale of inherited property and money transfers from his
father to acquire those shares in question.

123 Given that the Husband was unable to demonstrate, on the evidence, that
the shares in question were acquired by gift or inheritance, the question was
then whether or not dividends received during the marriage from pre-marital
assets were nevertheless “matrimonial assets” under s 112(10) of the Women’s
Charter. In this regard, it seemed to me that, absent the qualities associated
with a gift, there was no reason to treat dividend income received during the
marriage any differently from any other asset acquired in the course of the
marriage. As I noted above, on the plain wording of s 112(10), it would seem
clear that dividend income received during the marriage would properly be
considered matrimonial assets. I thus held that the amount of $229,138.55,
which parties agreed represented the dividend income received from the
Husband’s relevant shares during the marriage, should form part of the
matrimonial pool. No deduction was thus to be made from the value of the
Husband’s UK bank accounts.

Conclusion on the combined pool of matrimonial assets

124 Based on my findings above, counsel submitted a joint summary of
matrimonial assets on 7 September 2016 (“the Joint Summary”). The assets
reflected in British pounds (£) were converted based on the post-Brexit
exchange rate as at 23 August 2016. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Minute Sheet dated 23 August 2016 at p 6.

Based on the Joint Summary, the value of the matrimonial pool was $10,782,223.
153

##### Foot Note 153

×

See Minute Sheet dated 10 November 2016; Joint Summary dated 7 September 2016.

Apart from the disputed assets which I considered above, the matrimonial pool
included several other items that were agreed. These comprised the Husband’s
deposit of $45,000 for their rented matrimonial home, his loan of $25,000 to
his friend, D, certain Singapore bank accounts in the Husband’s name, and
various other assets in the Wife’s name including the property in Australia.
The redacted Joint Summary is annexed.

125 The matrimonial pool of $10,782,223 was thus a comprehensive account of
each party’s respective assets based on my findings above. Parties did not
have any joint assets. In addition, there were two items of sentimental value
to the parties: (a) a silver cutlery set; and (b) the Millennium bowl, which I
deal with at [149] as their values were not readily ascertainable and the
parties had not yet come to a position on these items at the time the
matrimonial pool was identified.

Determining the appropriate division of the matrimonial pool

126 Having determined the value of the matrimonial pool at $10,782,223, I
turned to the issue of division. By applying the “structured approach” in ANJ
v ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043 (“ANJ v ANK), I considered that the matrimonial assets
should be divided between the Husband and the Wife in the ratio of 62.5:37.5.
Bearing in mind that the Wife was a full-time wife and mother, I had then
thought it prudent to also consider the pre-ANJ v ANK precedent cases to
counter-check and validate my decision.

127 Following my decision, the Court of Appeal issued its judgment in TNL v
TNK and another appeal and another matter [2017] 1 SLR 609 (“TNL v TNK”) on 3
March 2017, where it held that the “structured approach” ought not to apply to
long single-income marriages. This was to ensure that a non-working spouse
would not be unduly disadvantaged in the division of matrimonial assets. In
any event, I was satisfied that the manner in which I applied the “structured
approach” to the present facts reached an outcome which was in line with TNL v
TNK. I elaborate on this further below.

The “structured approach” in ANJ v ANK

  

128 The structured approach, first set out ANJ v ANK (at [17]–[30]), was
summarised into three broad steps set out in Twiss, Christopher James Hans v
Twiss, Yvonne Prendergast [2015] SGCA 52 (at [17]), and reiterated recently in
TNL v TNK at [38], as follows:

(a) express as a ratio the parties’ direct contributions relative to each
other, having regard to the amount of financial contribution each party made
towards the acquisition or improvement of the matrimonial assets (“Step 1”);

(b) express as a second ratio the parties’ indirect contributions relative to
each other, having regard to both indirect financial and non-financial
contributions (“Step 2”); and

(c) derive the parties’ overall contributions relative to each other by taking
an average of the two ratios above, keeping in mind that, depending on the
circumstances of each case, the direct and indirect contributions may not be
accorded equal weight and one of the two ratios may be accorded more
significance than the other (“Step 3”).

Applying the “structured approach” to the present facts

129 The Wife’s position was that, in light of their 16-year marriage and her
substantial non-financial contributions in sacrificing her career to become a
full-time homemaker and caregiver for their four children and in helping the
Husband in the organisation of his personal matters, it would be just and
equitable for the matrimonial assets to be divided equally. The Husband
proposed a division of 25:75 in his favour.

Step 1: Parties’ direct contributions

130 Parties were content to ascribe the ratio of 100:0 for direct
contributions in the Husband’s favour, albeit the Wife, at a late stage in
proceedings, sought to argue that some monies from the pool should be removed
as they were her pre-marital assets. I did not accept the Wife’s belated
objection in this regard. The Husband was essentially the one who had financed
all the matrimonial assets during the marriage.

Step 2: Indirect contributions

131 The issue of indirect contributions was contested by the parties from the
start.

The Wife’s position

132 The Wife submitted that she had made very substantial indirect financial
and non-financial contribution towards the family during the marriage. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Wife’s 1st Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 7 May 2014 at para 24.

Their roles as husband and wife had always been clearly defined: the Husband
was to be the family’s breadwinner and she was to care for the household and
their four children so that the Husband was free to devote himself to his
career unencumbered by household and child care concerns.

133 She also gave evidence that, even whilst she was working full-time in the
firm at the start of the marriage before the parties had children, she had
taken care of the household by herself. As they did not have a domestic
helper, she did all the household chores and cooked on most weekday evenings
after work.

134 When she became pregnant with their first child, C1, in 2001, both parties
agreed that she would become a full-time homemaker and the children’s main
caregiver in line with their plans for a large family. According to the
Husband, she was then Head of the firm’s IT department, having risen through
the ranks. After the birth of C1 in 2001, the other three children followed in
fairly quick succession in 2002, 2004 and then 2008. The Wife claimed that,
due to the Husband’s long working hours, she was left to handle her
pregnancies and care for the children on her own. Their domestic helper helped
only with household chores and the Wife did not delegate her child care
responsibilities. As he was very busy with his work and needed to rest when at
home, the weight of child care in all respects for a growing brood of 4 young
children, who were close in ages, fell on her. This included night and sick
care, doctor’s visits, play, teaching of manners and discipline, supervision
of their studies, planning of co-curricular activities, and ferrying them
around for their programmes. She claimed that the Husband, when he was not
pre-occupied with work and his social life, chose to stay out late drinking on
Friday nights or go wakeboarding on the weekend instead of spending time with
the family.

135 Apart from caring for and spending time with the Husband, she also helped
organise and cook for large dinner parties at home for his colleagues. When he
asked her some years after their marriage to help with his personal
administrative tasks, she essentially became his home personal assistant whom
he entrusted to, for example, file his tax returns, attend to his personal
letters, prepare documents and cheques for his signature, 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Wife’s 1st Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 7 May 2014 at paras
24.122-24.126.

and, as she was financially trained, help him monitor his investments by
preparing and updating spreadsheets. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Wife’s 1st Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 7 May 2014 at para 24.123.

The Husband’s position

136 Although the Husband conceded that he had put in “exceedingly long working
hours” at work, his position was that he had played a “not insignificant part”
in raising the children. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Husband’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 79.

When they were babies, he would bathe them, make their milk formula and change
their diapers wherever needed. Amongst other things, he would spend playtime
with the children and participate in outdoor sports with them. He also helped
them with their homework, in particular C1 and C2 with Mathematics. In
addition, he ferried the children to a number of their extra-curricular
activities, brought them out for various leisure activities, and frequently
travelled overseas with them.

My decision

137 It was clear from the evidence that the Wife’s indirect non-financial
contributions to the welfare of the family were very substantial, in
particular after she became a full-time homemaker and care-giver for the
children in 2001.

138 It was also clear that the Husband’s indirect financial contribution to
the marriage, as sole breadwinner of the family, was very significant. Given
the nature of his work and his level of responsibility (as senior partner in
the firm), it must be expected that his hours would have been long with
demands placed on his time and availability for work and travel. That said, I
was satisfied that within the time that he had outside of his work, he was a
good and engaged father.

139 In the circumstances, I found it fair to attribute the indirect
contributions to the marriage in the proportion of 75% to the Wife and 25% to
the Husband.

Step 3: Final ratio for division

140 A simple average of the two ratios above yielded an overall divisional
ratio of 62.5:37.5 in favour of the Husband. In ANJ v ANK, the Court of Appeal
set out three relevant and non-exhaustive factors in determining if the
relative weightage of the ratios should be adjusted: (a) the size of the
matrimonial pool, (b) the duration of the marriage, and (c) the nature and
extent of the parties’ indirect contributions (see ANJ v ANK at [27]).

141 I was of the view that there was no need to adjust the weightage to be
attributed to each ratio. As a counter-check and to validate the overall
divisional ratio, I also considered various precedents which offered helpful
guidance in my assessment of a just and equitable division. The ratio of
62.5:37.5 was consistent with those precedents.

142 I considered the case of Tan Hwee Lee v Tan Cheng Guan and another appeal
and another matter [2012] 4 SLR 785. There, the Court of Appeal observed that
in long marriages, previous cases tended toward giving the non-working spouse
a greater proportion of the matrimonial assets. The Court cited academic
studies of decided cases which showed that the non-working spouse generally
received between 35% and 50%, or even more, depending on the length of the
marriage, even if that spouse did not make any direct financial contribution.

143 I also considered some cases with broadly similar facts. The first was
Chen Siew Hwee. The parties there had been married for 17 years with no
children. The wife’s non-financial contributions were in taking care of the
husband and her in-laws, but those were not very substantive. She did not work
and there was no evidence that she had provided any financial support during
the marriage. Andrew Phang J (as he then was) awarded the wife 35% of the
matrimonial pool. This excluded the wife’s maintenance for which she was
awarded $12,000 per month.

144 In the case of Woon Wee Lee v Koh Ai Hua [2012] SGHC 128, the marriage
lasted 25 years before separation, with no children. The wife worked in
various jobs as a clerk, performed some odd jobs, and taught flower
arrangements and tailoring. The husband was the main breadwinner. Even though
it was a childless marriage, the court found that the wife had contributed
significantly to the family’s welfare, particularly in the early years of the
marriage. The court awarded the wife 40% of the matrimonial pool (which did
not include her lump sum maintenance).

145 In the case of Chan Yuen Boey v Sia Hee Soon [2012] 3 SLR 402, Steven
Chong J (as he then was) observed at [34] that from his review of the cases,
the proportion awarded to homemaker wives who had made modest financial
contributions to marriages lasting 17 to 35 years with children ranged between
35% to 50% of the total matrimonial assets. At [35], Chong J observed that the
exceptions, where the apportionment in favour of the wife was less than 35%,
typically involved cases where the total pool of matrimonial assets had been
very substantial in excess of $100m. In those exceptional situations, the
apportionment to the wife had nevertheless been substantial in absolute terms.

146 All these cases were either affirmed by, or broadly consistent with, the
latest Court of Appeal decision in TNL v TNK. Turning to the present facts, I
noted that this was a relatively long marriage of 16 years with four children.
Although the Wife had not made any direct financial contributions during the
marriage, a 37.5% award of the matrimonial pool to the Wife was, in the
circumstances earlier outlined, a just and equitable division that was in line
with the precedents and the current position at law.

147 I thus determined that the final ratio for division of the matrimonial
assets was to be 62.5:37.5 in the Husband’s favour.

Distributing the assets

Implementing the division order

148 In distributing the assets, I ordered that each party retain their assets
in their respective sole names. As the Wife’s 37.5% share of the total
matrimonial assets amounted to $4,043,333 and she held $1,555,617 of the
matrimonial assets in her sole name, the Husband was to pay the Wife the
balance of $2,487,716. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Minute Sheet dated 10 November 2016 at p 8.

The silver cutlery set and the Millennium bowl

149 As mentioned above at [125], there remained a silver cutlery set and a
Millennium bowl to be dealt with. The Husband had asked that these items be
given to him. As the Wife agreed that the Millennium bowl in her possession
was a gift to the Husband from his mother, 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Wife’s 1st Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 7 May 2014 at para 15, S/N 13.

I ordered that it be returned to him. It was not disputed that the silver
cutlery set in the Wife’s possession was a wedding present from the Husband’s
parents and therefore a matrimonial asset. The Wife and the Husband valued the
silver cutlery set at $3,807 and $10,000 respectively. However, the Wife had
stated on affidavit that when she moved out of the matrimonial home in October
2012, the parties had split up the silverware/household items during which
they agreed that she would keep the set. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Wife’s 2nd Ancillary Affidavit dated 19 June 2015 at para 25.

Parties thus agreed to exclude the silverware/household items, including the
silver cutlery set, from the asset pool for division. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at paras 124.22 and 122.5.

As the Husband did not dispute the Wife’s assertions on affidavit, and
adopting his higher valuation of the set at $10,000, I ordered that he pay
that sum to the Wife in return for the silver cutlery set. No objection was
then raised by counsel when I made this order.

The Wife’s proposal for a trust fund to be set up for the children

150 The Wife also proposed that each party set aside 20% of the assets awarded
to them to set up a trust fund for the children’s post-secondary education
expenses, up to and including their first university degree. As she was then
asking for equal division, this would amount to 20% of the total pool of
assets to be held on trust for the children. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 3.1.

The trust fund was to be administered by an independent trustee, with the
running costs to be paid from the trust fund. I was, however, not convinced
that this was necessary or appropriate. The real issue in this case was not
the funding of the children’s education but whether parties’ could agree on
their children’s educational pathways. There were also practical issues in
getting the parties to agree on the terms of the trust, the appointment of a
trustee, and the costs and other details of the trust. Furthermore,
administering a trust such as that proposed to provide for the differing
educational needs of four children would bring about a high possibility of
satellite conflict and litigation.

Conclusion on the division of matrimonial assets

151 Drawing together my findings on the division of matrimonial assets above,
my orders were as follows:

(a) The matrimonial assets of $10,782,223 were to be divided in the proportion
of 62.5% for the Husband and 37.5% for the Wife.

(b) Each party was to retain their respective assets in their sole names.

(c) As the assets in the Wife’s possession were valued at $1,555,617, the
Husband shall pay the Wife the balance of her share of $4,043,333 (being the
sum of $2,487,716 computed at 0.375 of $10,782,223), plus an amount of $10,000
for the silver cutlery set, by end December 2016.

(d) The Wife shall give the Husband the silver cutlery set and the Millennium
bowl by end December 2016.

Maintenance for the Wife

Background facts

152 The Wife was 44 years old at the time of my order, and had recently re-
entered the workforce on 1 February 2016. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Minute Sheet dated 10 November 2016 at p 9.

For ease of reference, I recapitulate some of the relevant background facts.

153 The Wife is an Australian citizen and a Singapore PR. She has a Master’s
degree in Business Administration from the University of Melbourne. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

HCB 1-2; Husband’s Bundle of Affidavits vol 2 at pp 1080-1081.

When she stopped work in 2001, she was the Head of the firm’s IT Department.
During the marriage, she assisted the Husband in managing his financial
affairs and drew up spreadsheets to track his finances. She re-started work as
a Finance Officer in a real estate company in February 2016, earning a basic
salary of $2,300 a month, of which 9% of was pegged as a Monthly Variable
Component. She was also receiving a monthly income of A$1,100 from the rental
of her Australian property.

154 The Husband was a senior audit partner, whose income had increased by
about tenfold since the start of the marriage in 1998. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 68.

He earned a substantial yearly income of at least $1.68m. While he said that
he would reach the mandatory retirement age of 58 years at the firm in a few
years, my view was that with his skills and experience in his field of work,
it was highly probable that he would have little difficulty in continuing to
work, if not in the same firm, then in some consultative or other capacity
with that firm or another organisation and with quite a number of productive
working years in a substantial income-earning capacity ahead of him. In this
regard, it should be noted that the Husband works in a field where experience
is especially valued and essential.

The parties’ arguments

155 The Wife sought a lump sum maintenance of $2,448,000, being a sum of
$6,000 per month for the next 34 years. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 3.3.

According to her, this was justified because of her expenses, the economic
prejudice she suffered from becoming a stay-at-home mother, the financial
inequalities between the spouses, and the uncertainties of her income-earning
capacity as a single mother to four young children. The Husband argued that no
maintenance should be awarded to her as the monies due to her upon the
division of matrimonial assets would be enough to even out any financial
inequalities during the marriage. Alternatively, he proposed a “sliding-scale
maintenance schedule” 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Husband’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 134.

which would start at $13,700 per month for the Wife and the children
altogether. This was to be progressively lowered on account of the salary that
the Wife would earn in the workforce. At a subsequent hearing, the Husband
proposed, instead, a monthly maintenance of about $11,500 in addition to
certain reimbursements that he would provide for the children’s expenses in
educational and co-curricular activities. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Husband’s further submission at para 23.

My decision

156 I ordered a lump sum maintenance of $240,000 to the Wife, being a
multiplicand sum of $2,500 per month for the next eight years. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Minute Sheet dated 10 November 2016 at pp 8-9.

The Wife presently earned a gross income of $2,300 per month and received
A$1,100 per month from property rental. I estimated her net income to be
$2,000 per month. Based on counsel’s joint summary itemising her expenses, 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Husband’s 5th written submissions dated 18 November 2015, Tab on Maintenance.

I determined her living expenses to be around $4,500 per month (rounded up
from $4,447), being one-fifth of the household, transport and domestic
helper’s expenses on top of her other personal expenses. The breakdown of
these heads of expenses was as follows: 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Minute Sheet dated 10 November 2016 at p 4.

(a) Household expenses, including rent: $2,139 (being one-fifth of the total
household expenses for five persons (excluding the domestic helper), which I
determined to be $10,695).

(b) Car and transportation costs: $212 (being one-fifth of the total car and
transportation expenses for five persons, which I determined to be $1,058).

(c) Domestic helper’s expenses: $241 (being one-fifth of the domestic helper’s
expenses for five persons, which parties agreed at $1,209.67).

(d) Other personal expenses (including dental and medical expenses, and
various sundry items): $1,855. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Husband’s 5th written submissions dated 18 November 2015, Tab on Maintenance
at p 44.

I thus arrived at a multiplicand of $2,500 per month.

157 In arriving at my decision on the multiplicand to be adopted, I considered
it necessary to factor in housing rental for the Wife and the children. This
was because, although it may be argued that the Wife could, with her share of
the matrimonial assets, buy a property for the family and save on rent, I bore
in mind that the Husband, as well as the Wife and the children, had lived and
continued to live in landed rental housing in good residential areas. The
price of an equivalent landed property would likely be close to or exceed the
value of her share of the assets. During their 16-year marriage, the parties
also chose not to buy or invest in Singapore residential property, preferring
to rent landed property. They did not own any joint assets. While adjustments
are expected of all family members upon a divorce, the Wife’s share of the
matrimonial assets was her due and she should not be put in a position that
was to her disadvantage relative to the Husband in deciding on how she wished
to use and invest her share of the assets.

158 Accordingly, I adopted a multiplier of eight years, taking also into
account the fact that C4, the youngest child, would be 16 years old by that
time and possibly ready to go to boarding school in the UK.

159 Overall, this amounted to a lump sum maintenance of $240,000 for the Wife,
which I found to be appropriate in all the circumstances. The Wife’s income-
earning capacity was vastly different from the Husband’s. She had not worked
since 2001, when their first child, C1, was born. She would have to continue
to care for the younger children for the next seven to eight years during
their studies in Singapore. Furthermore, C2 has some measure of autism
spectrum disorder (Asperger’s Syndrome) whereas both C2 and C3 has dyslexia,
which would require special attention in their care. This lump sum maintenance
would supplement the Wife’s share of the matrimonial assets, in order to even
out any inequality arising from her having stopped work to care for the
children and to enable her to reskill during the transition. Given the
fundamental changes over the last 16 years since 2001 to the needs and culture
of the dynamic economic landscape, it is likely that the Wife would have to
upgrade her financial and other skills considerably and to re-skill to remain
employable and to improve her earning capacity. There was also no issue with
the Husband’s capacity to pay this amount.

Maintenance for the children

160 In relation to the children, the parties could not agree on the
maintenance quantum and the payment logistics. Here, the Wife asked for
$24,690 per month for the children (comprising $5,350 for C1, $8,430 for C2,
$5,530 for C3, and $5,380 for C4). 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 87.

She pointed out that the Husband was a man of some means, and that this amount
was only 14.75% of his total monthly income of around $167,379. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 87.

She also asked that the Husband pay a further sum of $200,000 to buy a new
replacement car when the current car would have to be scrapped in June 2018.
175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Wife’s submissions dated 25 August 2015 at para 146.

The car was necessary to ferry the children for their various activities.

Quantum of maintenance and payment logistics

161 On 17 November 2015, counsel submitted a joint summary which contained an
itemised list of the Children’s expenses, including the parties’ respective
estimates of the various items (“the Children’s List of Expenses”). 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Husband’s 5th written submissions dated 18 November 2015, Tab on Maintenance.

Living expenses

162 Based on the Children’s List of Expenses and the evidence before me, I
considered it appropriate to ascribe the following amounts to these items:

(a) Household expenses, including rent: $8,556 (being four-fifths of the total
household expenses for five persons, which I determined to be $10,695).

(b) Car and transportation costs: $846 (being four-fifths of the total car and
transportation expenses for five persons, which I determined to be $1,058).

(c) Domestic helper’s expenses: $969 (being four-fifths of the domestic
helper’s expenses for five persons, which parties agreed at $1,209.67).

(d) Other sundry expenses (which included, among other things, passport
renewal fees, toys, clothing, travel insurance and family outings): $2,820.07.

163 From the above, I had determined the children’s total monthly expenses for
these items to be around $14,200 (rounded up from $14,191). The amount did not
include the Children’s boarding school expenses in the UK, if any, which the
parties agreed that the Husband would bear, including all their overseas
living expenses and travel costs. Having reviewed my figures, however, I noted
that there had been a mistake in my calculation. The total figure for the
children’s monthly expenses should be $13,190 and not $14,191. As such, my
order for monthly maintenance of the children should have been for $13,200 and
not $14,200.

164 As it was then likely that their eldest child, C1, would go to a UK
boarding school in September 2017 or in 2018, I also ordered that the Husband
would pay monthly maintenance reduced by $500 a month, beginning from the
month after C1 leaves for the UK. I fixed this amount for reduction after
considering the likely expenses for C1 during her vacation months in
Singapore. I did not deduct a proportionate amount for fixed or overhead
expenses such as rental and certain household expenses. After deducting the
amount of $500, the revised figure to be paid by the Husband, for the period
during which C1 would be away, would be $13,700 based on my initial figure of
$14,200, and $12,700 based on the revised figure of $13,200.

Educational, medical and dental expenses

165 The amount in the preceding paragraph for the children’s living expenses
did not include fees for bus transport, school co-curricular activities,
school outfits, school books and art supplies, piano books and piano tuning,
private enrichment classes, miscellaneous school expenses, and medical and
dental expenses (including orthodontic treatment for C2, and therapy and
counselling for C2 for his autism spectrum disorder or Asperger’s Syndrome).
Drawing on the Children’s List of Expenses, I determined the monthly
expenditure for these items to be $10,000. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

See Husband’s 5th written submissions dated 18 November 2015, Tab on
Maintenance.

166 Parties could not agree on the payment arrangements. The Wife wanted the
monies for these items to be added to the monthly maintenance amount due to be
paid to her and sought power to administer the children’s maintenance. The
Husband, proposed making direct payments by GIRO to certain service providers
and for the remainder of the sum for the children’s educational and co-
curricular expenses to be transferred to a bank account to be set up by the
Wife solely for facilitating payments by him. The Wife was to provide
satisfactory proof (eg, receipts) of these expenses, and she would have to
obtain his consent if she wished to enrol the children in any private
enrichment classes and co-curricular activities in addition to those already
contained in the children’s schedule as of 8 July 2016. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Husband’s submissions dated 8 July 2016 at para 12.

167 As the parties were unable to agree on the logistics, I directed the
following payment arrangements:

(a) In addition to the $14,200 to be paid for the children’s living expenses,
the Husband was also to pay an advance of $12,000 per month for their
educational, medical and dental expenses into a designated bank account set up
by the Wife (“the Children’s Expenses Account”). These would cover essential
variable items such as medical and dental expenses as well as educational
expenses to different service providers. The total average amount to be spent
per month was not to exceed $10,000. Although I had determined the children’s
monthly educational, medical and dental expenses to be $10,000, I provided for
an upward margin of $2,000 (ie, up to $12,000 per month) to obviate problems
associated with any shortfall of funds which might occur because of different
payment cycles. For example, payment for educational or CCA courses might
require an advance lump sum payment thus jacking up the payments in a
particular month to more than $10,000. This could be evened out in subsequent
months through a reduced expenditure of less than $10,000 per month. Any
shortfall was to be topped up by the Husband within a month and any excess not
used would be set off to reduce the Husband’s subsequent monthly payments.
Should C1 go to boarding school in the UK, the amount spent on her for these
variable items would be reduced, and similarly for the other 3 children. Upon
all the children reaching 21 years of age, any surplus remaining in the
Children’s Expenses Account was to be paid back to the Husband.

(b) The Wife was to submit a 3-monthly statement for the children’s
educational, medical and dental expenses, together with relevant supporting
receipts or other appropriate documentation.

168 I did not accept the Wife’s proposal on the payment logistics as it was
not flexible to accommodate the children’s changing expenditure patterns. The
arrangement in the preceding paragraph was geared towards addressing: (a) the
concern that the Husband might, because of his busy schedule, inadvertently
fail to pay; and (b) to minimise disagreement and conflict by providing for a
3-monthly expense submission by the Wife, which would save the Husband time
and effort in scrutinising every expenditure before paying every month. This
decision was arrived at after hearing counsel and with no apparent objection
from either side. I emphasise that this was purely a logistical arrangement;
the absolute amount to be paid by the Husband for the children’s variable
expenses, which was not to exceed $10,000, would still be determined by the
children’s actual expenses as supported by receipts and invoices, and be
subject also to the qualifier that the Wife was to obtain the Husband’s
consent if she wished to enrol any of the children in any private enrichment
classes and co-curricular activities beyond those already in their schedule of
activities as at 8 July 2016. Any concern that this could lead to
unjustifiable or excessive claims would be adequately addressed by the
submission of quarterly statements and supporting receipts by the Wife to the
Husband. It was, for this reason, that the order also recorded that if the
children’s expenses were below $36,000 for one quarter, the difference would
be offset by the Husband’s $12,000 payment for the subsequent month (ie, that
the Husband would pay less in the subsequent month). Similarly, any surplus
remaining in the Children’s Expenses Account would be paid back to the Husband
upon all of the children reaching 21 years of age.

169 These arrangements are meant as a broad framework for the parties to co-
operate in ironing out finer details. No court order can be comprehensive;
this framework sets a minimum standard. Should the arrangement not work out,
parties are at liberty to agree to vary or apply to amend the arrangement. It
is largely for the parties to decide when one, if not both, will depart from
the past as they knew it and move forward to work out some workable
arrangement to collaborate and cooperate as divorced spouses with a continuing
role to co-parent their children in a way that: (a) will allow the children
maximum room for growth and to develop their relationship with each parent;
and (b) will accord the parties, as parents, space to each find and create
their own unique relationship with each child in a way that makes each
important family occasion, eg, graduation or a birthday party, a happy and not
an uncomfortable occasion for the children when both parents attend.

170 Finally, I ordered that the Wife was to obtain the Husband’s consent
before enrolling the children in any additional enrichment class and co-
curricular activity, failing which she would be solely liable for the costs of
such class or activity. Further, these activities were not to be arranged
during the Husband’s access time with the children. The Husband has, in his
Notice of Appeal, said that he would be submitting on appeal that this clause
that I have just dealt with should further provide “that the Plaintiff [Wife]
is at liberty to withdraw the children from any of the private enrichment
classes and ECAs/CCAs as set out in Annex A, if the children do not want to
continue to be enrolled in them.”

171 I am a trifle puzzled by this point, which was not raised at the hearing.
If the children do not want to continue with a class or activity, the Wife
should be able to withdraw them from that class or activity without the need
for an order of court so specifying. This is precisely one example of a matter
that parties should try to resolve themselves without lawyers or the court. If
there was a mistake in the Notice of Appeal and what was sought was for the
Husband to have liberty to withdraw the children from a class or activity, my
remarks are the same.

The Wife’s claim of $200,000 for a new replacement car

172 Last but not least, the Wife wanted the Husband to pay $200,000 for her to
buy a new replacement car when the current car has to be scrapped in June
2018. She had been using a 7-seater Toyota Previa to ferry the four children
to and from their various activities. A car of similar make and model would
cost about $200,000 (inclusive of the Certificate of Entitlement (COE)) and
the Husband had always paid for such a family car during the marriage.
Alternatively, she proposed that the monthly maintenance from June 2018 be
increased to provide for the instalment payments for a new car. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Wife’s further submissions dated 21 October 2015 at para 27.

The Husband argued that the Wife was able to buy a new car with her share of
the matrimonial assets.

173 As the car was essentially “a family car” used for the benefit of the
children, albeit also used by the Wife for her personal use and more so now
since she had started working from February 2016, I directed that the parties
were to share equally in the cost of a new equivalent replacement car, at a
time when the current car would have to be scrapped or earlier as may be
agreed by the parties.

Conclusion

174 In conclusion, the orders that I made above may be summarised as follows:

(a) The parties’ matrimonial assets of $10,782,223 are to be divided in the
proportion of 62.5% for the Husband and 37.5% for the Wife. In addition, the
Husband shall pay the Wife $10,000 in exchange for the silver cutlery set.

(b) The Husband shall pay $240,000 lump sum maintenance to the Wife.

(c) The Husband shall pay the Wife $14,200 per month as maintenance for the
children’s living expenses. Should C1 go to boarding school in the UK, the
Husband shall pay $13,700 per month instead, beginning from the month after C1
leaves for the UK.

(d) The Husband shall also pay an advance of $12,000 per month into the
Children’s Expenses Account for the children’s educational, medical and dental
expenses. Any shortfall shall be topped up by the Husband within a month and
any excess shall be set off against the Husband’s subsequent monthly payment.
Should C1 go to boarding school in the UK, the amount shall be reduced by the
amount spent for C1 per month.

(e) The Wife is to obtain the Husband’s consent, such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld, before enrolling any of the children in additional
enrichment classes and/or co-curricular activities.

(f) The Husband is to pay 50% of the net cost of a new replacement car
equivalent to or approximating the existing Toyota Previa inclusive of COE.

175 The parties shall also bear their own costs.

Foo Tuat Yien  
Judicial Commissioner

Carrie Gill and Thian Wen Yi (Harry Elias Partnership LLP)  
for the plaintiff;  
Josephine Chong and Esther Yeo (Josephine Chong LLC)  
for the defendant.

* * *

Annex: Joint Summary of Matrimonial Assets

S/N| Assets| Value (SGD)| Direct Financial Contributions  
---|---|---|---  
Wife| Husband  
(A)| Wife’s Assets  
1| Toyota Previa| 79,500.00 | 0%| 100%  
2| AXA Life Insurance XXX-XXXX486| 27,394.00| 0%| 100%  
3| Manulife Signature Protector 5 II XXXXX112| 39,581.00 | 0%| 100%  
4| DBS Autosave XXX-XXXX68-0| 20,321.00 | 0%| 100%  
5| DBS Savings Plus XXX-XXXXX-516| 3,397.00 | 0%| 100%  
6| DBS Trigger Express Unit Trusts (2,500 units)| 24,975.00 | 0%| 100%  
7| UOB Current Account XXX-XXX-X49-0| 30,745.00 | 0%| 100%  
8| UOB Global Currency XXX-XXX-X42-9| 1,374.75 | 0%| 100%  
9| UOB Uniplus Savings Account XXX-XXX-X01-4| 51,795.00 | 0%| 100%  
10| UOB SGD FD XXX-XXX-X75-8| 152,109.00 | 0%| 100%  
11| UOB SGD FD XXX-XXX-X78-0| 51,720.00| 0%| 100%  
12| Standard Chartered Bank e$aver Account XX-X-XXXX70-2| 6,146.00 | 0%| 100%  
13| Rental deposit (Novena terrace house)| 14,000.00| 0%| 100%  
14| Property in Australia (A$790,000) 180

##### Foot Note 180

× For all Australian dollar assets, exchange rate of A$1 to S$1.00654 as of 18 Sept 2015 (the first day of ancillary matters hearing) was adopted.  | 795,166.60 | 0%| 100%  
15| UOB AUD FD XXX-XXX-X75-8 (A$76,573)| 77,073.79| 0%| 100%  
16| Commonwealth Bank Australia Award Saver XX-XXXX-XXXX-X954 (A$12,324.65) | 12,405.25 | 0%| 100%  
17| Commonwealth Bank Australia Complete Access XX-XXXX-XXXX-X742 (A$3,430.10) | 3,452.53 | 0%| 100%  
18| Commonwealth Bank Australia FD XXXXX765 (A$51,636) | 51,973.70 | 0%| 100%  
19| Commonwealth Bank Australia FD XXXXX763 (A$8,928)| 8,986.39| 0%| 100%  
20| Commonwealth Bank Australia FD XXXXX213 (A$15,000) | 15,098.10 | 0%| 100%  
21| OCBC AUD FD XXX-XXXXXX-401 (A$17,446) | 17,560.10 | 0%| 100%  
22| W's Legal fees: 16/09/13 Cheque No. XXXX664| 33,946.75 | 0%| 100%  
23| W's Legal fees: 04/02/14 Cheque No. XXXX217| 36,896.24 | 0%| 100%  
| Sub-total| 1,555,617.20 | |   
(B)| Husband’s Assets  
1| Monies in the firm’s Current Account| 980,549.87 | 0%| 100%  
2| Monies in the firm’s Capital and Loan Account | 552,000.00 | 0%| 100%  
3| Pro-rated profit allocation due from the firm| 634,970.19 | 0%| 100%  
4| DBS Autosave XXX-XXXX48-9| 4,716,779.04 | 0%| 100%  
5| UOB XXX-XXX-X47-4| 127,096.04 | 0%| 100%  
6| DBS XXXX-XXXXXX-X-031| 36,267.00| 0%| 100%  
7| Rental deposit (Newton bungalow)| 45,000.00 | 0%| 100%  
8| Loan to the Husband’s friend, D | 25,000.00 | 0%| 100%  
9| Friends Provident Policy No. XXXXXX601 (£6,311.31 181

##### Foot Note 181

× For all assets in British pounds, the post-Brexit exchange rate of £1 to S$1.7839 as of 23 August 2016 (the second day of ancillary matters decision) was adopted.  )| 11,258.75 | 0%| 100%  
10| Invesco Perpetual Asian Fund  
(990 out of 2,590 shares included in pool of assets) (2,590 shares valued at £10,593.10; thus 990 shares valued at £4,049.10)| 7,223.19 | 0%| 100%  
11| Cash held on behalf by HSBC brokers (£65,429.27)| 116,719.27| 0%| 100%  
12| Barclays, Danbury Bank Account No. XXXXX135 (£218,376.21) | 389,561.32| 0%| 100%  
13| Barclays, Danbury Bank Account No. XXXXX815 (£105,565.46) | 188,318.22 | 0%| 100%  
14| Barclays, Danbury Bank Account No. XXXXX779 (£7,074.59) | 12,620.36| 0%| 100%  
15| Alliance and Leicester Isle of Man Account No. XXXXXXXX333 (£64,793.82) | 115,585.70 | 0%| 100%  
16| Santander, Jersey Bank Account No. XXXXXX-XXXXX854 (£66,914.33) | 119,368.47| 0%| 100%  
17| Natwest Account No. XXXXX930 (£10,973.93) | 19,576.39| 0%| 100%  
18| Cranbrook property (The value was held to be S$430,506. Based on the previous exchange rate of £1 to S$2.115, this amounts to £203,548.94. Using the post-Brexit exchange rate as of 23 Aug 2016, the value should be S$363,110.95.) | 363,110.95 | 0%| 100%  
19| Barclays Current Account No. XXXXX200 (£1,163.38) | 2,075.35 | 0%| 100%  
20| Loan to wakeboard boat owner | 40,000.00| 0%| 100%  
21| Loan to co-worker for her father's medical bill| 30,000.00 | 0%| 100%  
22| Ex-gratia payment to co-worker| 58,816.00 | 0%| 100%  
23| Alleged payment to the Husband’s present wife | 10,334.00 | 0%| 100%  
24| H's PI fees: 28/03/13 Cheque No. XXXX913| 25,145.00| 0%| 100%  
25| H's PI fees: 10/04/13 Cash Cheque| 15,000.00 | 0%| 100%  
26| H's PI fees: 13/05/13 Cheque No. XXXX936| 25,145.00 | 0%| 100%  
27| H's PI fees: 14/06/13 Cash Withdrawal  
| 100,000.00| 0%| 100%  
28| H's PI fees: 21/10/13 Cheque No. XXXX019  
| 32,100.00| 0%| 100%  
29| H's Legal fees: 14/09/12| 10,000.00| 0%| 100%  
30| H's Legal fees: 25/10/12| 24,358.91 | 0%| 100%  
31| H's Legal fees: 27/11/12| 15,023.29| 0%| 100%  
32| H's Legal fees: 15/02/13| 21,190.45 | 0%| 100%  
33| H's Legal fees: 25/03/13 | 28,083.04| 0%| 100%  
34| H's Legal fees: 11/04/13  
| 21,562.64| 0%| 100%  
35| H's Legal fees: 24/06/13| 28,413.35 | 0%| 100%  
36| H's Legal fees: 15/07/13  
| 27,710.40| 0%| 100%  
37| H's Legal fees: 21/08/13  
| 28,926.13| 0%| 100%  
38| H's Legal fees: 23/09/13| 40,725.39| 0%| 100%  
39| H's Legal fees: 01/11/13  
| 26,481.00| 0%| 100%  
40| H's Legal fees: 28/11/13  
| 38,676.77| 0%| 100%  
41| H's Legal fees: 19/12/13| 42,058.46| 0%| 100%  
42| H's Legal fees: 15/01/14| 40,906.98| 0%| 100%  
43| H's Legal fees: 17/02/14| 32,869.51 | 0%| 100%  
| Sub-total| 9,226,606.43| |   
| Total pool of assets (A)+(B)Note: Assets which have been excluded from the matrimonial pool have not been reproduced in this table. | 10,782,223.63 | |   
  
![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

