Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE courtS of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHCF 13

Divorce (Transferred) No 3601 of 2015

Between

UBM  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| UBN  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial Assets] — [Division] — [Application of structured
approach in ANJ v ANK]

[Family law] — [Maintenance of Wife] — [Former wife]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
UBM

  

v

  

UBN

[2017] SGHCF 13

High Court — Divorce (Transferred) No 3601 of 2015  
Debbie Ong JC  
17 November 2016; 17, 26 January 2017

9 May 2017

Debbie Ong JC:

Introduction

1 This case concerns the division of matrimonial assets in a long marriage of
37 years. The 63-year-old plaintiff (“Husband”) and the 58-year-old defendant
(“Wife”) were married in October 1978. They had four children, all of whom
were above the age of majority by the time of the divorce. The Husband was the
breadwinner during the marriage, and even though he retired in 1999, he
continued to provide comfortably for the family through various investments he
had made. The Wife took on the role of the homemaker in this marriage. The
interim judgment of divorce was granted in December 2015.

2 After hearing the parties on the financial ancillary matters, I ordered a
division of the matrimonial assets between the Husband and the Wife in the
ratio 60:40, applying the “structured approach” in ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR
1043.

3 Shortly after my decision, the Court of Appeal issued its judgment in TNL v
TNK and another appeal and another matter [2017] 1 SLR 609 (“TNL v TNK”). It
held that the “structured approach” would not be applicable to long “Single-
Income Marriages”, in order to ensure that homemaker spouses were not unduly
disadvantaged in the division of matrimonial assets. I take this opportunity
to explain how I applied the structured approach to the present case, which
also concerns a long Single-Income Marriage, to reach an outcome that I
consider to be consistent with TNL v TNK.

Division of assets

Fundamental legal principles in the power to divide matrimonial assets and the
ANJ v ANK approach

4 Section 112 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“WC”) confers
upon the court the power to order the division of the parties’ matrimonial
assets. This power is to be exercised in broad strokes, with the court
determining what is just and equitable in the circumstances of each case: ANJ
v ANK at [17]. The division of assets is founded on the ideology of marriage
as an “equal co-operative partnership of efforts”, an ideology which accords
equal recognition to spousal contributions whether in the economic or
homemaking spheres: NK v NL [2007] 3 SLR(R) 743 at [20].

5 To accord due and sufficient recognition to each party’s contributions
towards the marriage, and especially with a view to avoid overvaluing or
undervaluing indirect contributions, the Court of Appeal laid down a
“structured approach” in ANJ v ANK to the division of matrimonial assets.
Under this approach, the court will, in step 1, ascribe a ratio that
represents each party’s direct financial contributions towards the acquisition
of the matrimonial assets, relative to that of the other party. In step 2, the
court will ascribe a second ratio to represent each party’s indirect
contribution to the well-being of the family, relative to that of the other
party. The court then derives each party’s average percentage contribution to
the marriage. Further adjustments to this average ratio that take into account
the other factors enumerated in s 112(2) of the WC and all relevant
circumstances may be made to arrive at a just and equitable division of the
matrimonial assets (see ANJ v ANK at [22]). The recent decision of the Court
of Appeal in TNL v TNK further develops the jurisprudence in s 112 and the use
of the structured approach. I will elaborate further on this development of
the law from [36] onwards.

Pool of matrimonial assets in the present case

6 I commend counsel for both parties for presenting clear submissions on what
were disputed matters on the one hand, and what were the agreed facts and
legal positions on the other. It was evident to me that much thought had been
put into ensuring that the court was assisted in these issues. The hearing
thus proceeded efficiently.

7 The parties had agreed that matrimonial assets valued at $9,044,747 were
liable to division under s 112 of the WC and that the Husband should return to
the pool a sum of $79,000 which he had transferred to one of their daughters
in January 2015 to finance her property purchase. These agreed sums make up
the main pool of matrimonial assets. The areas of dispute in respect of what
other assets were part of the pool of matrimonial assets were, first, whether
a property known as “35 JM” is a matrimonial asset and second, whether certain
gifts and payments made by the Husband ought to be added back into the pool of
matrimonial assets.

Was 35 JM a matrimonial asset?

8 Whether 35 JM ought to be in the pool of assets was disputed by the parties.
35 JM was a gift from the Husband’s father to him in 1974; it was thus
acquired before the marriage. The Husband submitted that it is not a
matrimonial asset but agreed that, even if it is not a matrimonial asset, the
sum of $660,000 which he had expended to renovate 35 JM in 2012 should be
included in the pool of matrimonial assets. The Wife submitted that 35 JM was
a matrimonial asset by virtue of s 112(10) of the WC, either because it had
been used as a matrimonial home for about 6 years or was substantially
improved through her involvement in its renovation during the marriage.
Section 112(10) of the WC provides that an asset acquired by either party
before marriage is a matrimonial asset if it is ordinarily used or enjoyed by
both parties or one or more of their children while the parties are residing
together for shelter, transportation, or household, education, recreational,
social or aesthetic purposes (s 112(10)(a)(i)), or if the asset was
substantially improved during the marriage by the other party or both parties
(s 112(10)(a)(ii)).

9 After considering the available evidence on whether 35 JM was a matrimonial
home or a property in which the parties had resided, I reached what I
determined to be the more probable position. I was of the view that the
parties did not reside in 35 JM, which was the residence of the Husband’s
parents at the material time. The Wife submitted that the parties and their
children lived at 35 JM from 1978 to 1984 and then at 15 JM, a property
located in close proximity to 35 JM, from 1984 to 1991. I rejected her
submission and found instead that from 1978 to 1991, the parties resided in 15
JM. The family went to 35 JM often as it was the residence of the Husband’s
parents. The children were likely to have spent substantial time with their
grandparents at 35 JM when they were younger. 15 JM was sold in 1991. I
accepted that 15 JM was available for the parties’ use as their residence. It
had earlier been used by the Husband’s older siblings after they were married
but before moving to their own properties; this appeared to be the pattern of
living arrangements in the Husband’s family. Thus, as there was no convincing
evidence that the parties and their children resided at 35 JM for any
appreciable length of time, this pre-marriage gift did not become a
matrimonial asset by virtue of its use as a place where the parties and their
children ordinarily resided, within the meaning of s 112(10)(a)(i) of the WC.

10 I also considered whether 35 JM was substantially improved either by the
Wife or the efforts of both the Husband and the Wife. As mentioned, a pre-
marriage asset or a gift that has been “substantially improved during the
marriage by the other party or both parties” becomes a matrimonial asset by
virtue of s 112(10)(a)(ii) of the WC. In this case, quite apart from whether
the Wife had contributed any effort towards any improvement, I find
insufficient evidence to prove that there was even a substantial improvement
of 35 JM to begin with. The Wife produced a letter, dated 16 May 2016, which
she had received from the renovations contractor and which stated that as a
result of the renovations done in 2012, the property had “grown in value” by
$3 million. No reasons were given by the contractor for using this value. This
evidence was not persuasive; not only was the figure chosen by the contractor
devoid of any objective justification, it was neither logical nor believable
that the property could increase in value by $3 million after the renovations,
when its agreed value as at 4 August 2016 was $2.8 million. Further, the Wife
did not contribute financially to the cost of renovations and her alleged
contributions to substantially improving 35 JM comprised overseeing the
renovations and choosing the designs for the property. Such contributions have
been regarded by the Court of Appeal as de minimis in the context of whether
they constitute substantial improvement to the property: Shi Fang v Koh Pee
Huat [1996] 1 SLR(R) 906 at [40]. Although each case must be determined on its
own facts, in the light of these difficulties, I did not agree with the Wife
that 35 JM was a matrimonial asset by virtue of its substantial improvement by
her efforts or both parties’ efforts.

11 The Wife submitted, and the Husband conceded, that the sum of $660,000 used
for renovations to 35 JM ought to be put into the pool of matrimonial assets.
At the hearing on 17 January 2017, I asked both counsel to further explain the
basis on which this sum could be held to be a matrimonial asset. Counsel
submitted that as the monies were earned during the marriage, they are the
gains of the marriage and should be put into the pool notwithstanding that
they have been used up to pay for the renovations. Having considered this
point, I found no reason to include the sum into the pool. This sum has been
used up. It is fairly common that monies earned during marriage are spent to
acquire more matrimonial assets or used to improve other matrimonial assets.
In these more common situations, the assets acquired or improved would be
matrimonial assets and the sums used to acquire or improve the assets would
thus have been included into the pool of assets. In the present case, however,
the asset (35 JM) in relation to which the monies have been used for its
renovations is not a matrimonial asset, as explained above. The monies have
been utilised and are not in a form available as a matrimonial asset.

Husband’s gifts and payments

12 I did not include into the pool of assets any of the sums that the Wife
submitted had been allegedly dissipated or paid out to specified persons
(except the $79,000 paid to one of their daughters, as mentioned above).

13 I did not find, on the facts, that any of the alleged acts raised by the
Wife amount to a dissipation of matrimonial assets. I found that the Husband
had used monies from his own bank accounts in genuine transactions. The Wife
alleged that the sums that the Husband had given to his two daughters ought to
be in the pool, presumably because they amount to him dissipating the assets.
I found that the Husband’s gifts of these sums of money to his own daughters
for various alleged specified purposes do not constitute a dissipation of
assets. On the present facts, I was prepared to accept that the motivation for
the Husband’s gifts was the love and generosity of a parent towards his
children. The overall circumstances show that these acts were not inconsistent
with the rather generous character of the Husband and the parent-child
relationships in question. At the end of the day, the monies benefitted the
children of the parties rather than non-family members, and I hope that the
Wife, as a parent, will appreciate the Husband’s actions from this perspective
as well.

14 The Wife also alleged that there were monies which were not accounted for
and urged the court to draw an adverse inference against the Husband. These
were the sum of $118,000, made up of multiple $1,000 cash withdrawals from the
Husband’s personal OCBC account and the sum of about $1.47 million, made up of
various amounts of withdrawals from his UOB account. In her interrogatory and
discovery applications against the husband, the Wife had asked for
explanations for the multiple cash withdrawals from the OCBC bank account. She
had also asked for explanations for the cheque withdrawals from the UOB
account. The Husband explained that the withdrawals were for his personal use
such as for food, petrol, car repairs and other miscellaneous expenses. He
also explained that a portion would go towards his gambling and lottery
activities, which he had indulged in to a reasonable degree since the early
days of the parties’ relationship. He had produced relevant bank statements
and cheque book records.

15 An adverse inference ought not to be easily drawn against a party. The
Husband has largely disclosed the relevant assets although he could not
specifically account for all the monies withdrawn from the bank accounts.
Parties in a functioning marriage may not always keep records fastidiously in
anticipation of requiring them in future divorce proceedings. As he had
disclosed his assets, producing his bank statements and other documents, I did
not draw an adverse inference against the Husband. Inability to recount past
transactions or even some lack of diligence in themselves do not necessarily
justify an adverse inference being drawn against the party. However, I noted
that there was a large sum of $350,000 withdrawn from the UOB account in June
2015. I sought clarification from the parties at the hearing of 17 January
2017 on whether such a large withdrawal sum had been explained by the Husband.
It appears that he could not remember the purposes for which the sum was used.
I did not think that the Husband was wilfully concealing his assets, but he
could not recall and explain this large withdrawal. I found it just and
equitable to take this into account as a factor when adjusting the average
ratio under the structured approach in ANJ v ANK and did not add the sum back
to the pool of matrimonial assets.

16 The total pool of matrimonial assets is set out in the following table:

Matrimonial assets (“MA”)| Net value  
---|---  
Agreed pool | $9,044,747  
Loan to daughter (agreed)| $79,000  
Total pool of MA| $9,123,747  
  
Both parties’ counsel unequivocally confirmed to the court that the respective
parties had agreed to the values of the matrimonial assets and the date at
which these assets are valued.

Direct contributions

17 I then applied the structured approach in ANJ v ANK to arrive at a just and
equitable division of the matrimonial assets. The first step was to ascertain
the ratio of the parties’ direct contributions to the acquisition of
matrimonial assets. The Husband was the breadwinner in the family and the Wife
took on the role of the homemaker. Therefore, it was not surprising that the
ratio of the Husband’s direct contributions to the acquisition of the
matrimonial assets to that of the Wife was 100:0. Both parties were content to
use this ratio for the parties’ direct contributions.

Indirect contributions

18 Having taken on the role of the homemaker in this long marriage where four
children were raised, the Wife’s indirect contributions were substantial. On
the other hand, the Husband was also involved in the children’s lives, and the
Wife admitted that he had cared for the children with efforts such as fetching
the children to school. He had also provided financially for the family in
giving the family members a comfortable lifestyle. He had been retired for a
good number of years (since 1999) and was thus able to play an active part in
the family’s lives, for example by driving the children to activities, while
also earning an income from various investment opportunities. He was close to
the children.

19 I was of the view that it was fair to attribute 65% to the Wife and 35% to
the Husband as their respective shares of indirect contributions to the
marriage.

Division proportions

20 Applying the structured approach in ANJ v ANK, the average ratio is as
follows:

| Wife| Husband  
---|---|---  
Direct contributions| 0| 100  
Indirect contributions| 65| 35  
Average ratio| 32.5| 67.5  
  
Adjusting the average ratio

21 The Wife argued that first, her indirect contribution ought to be 70% and
second, in such a long marriage, a 70% weightage ought to be accorded to the
indirect contributions. The Wife’s submission is reflected in this table
showing her proposed division of the matrimonial assets:

| Wife| Husband  
---|---|---  
Direct contributions (30% weightage)| 0| 100  
Indirect contributions (70% weightage)| 70| 30  
Average ratio based on above weightage to direct and indirect contributions|
49| 51  
  
22 In response, the Husband argued that giving a high weightage to indirect
contributions would result in the Wife’s already-higher indirect contributions
being given a higher weightage, such that the division exercise in this case
would be dominated by the factor of indirect contributions. The court would be
overvaluing the Wife’s indirect contributions.

23 I remarked to both counsel at the hearing that the application of the
structured approach to long marriages where one party is the main breadwinner
and the other is a main homemaker favours the breadwinner. The reason is that,
as the family would rely on the financial provisions of the breadwinner spouse
for its needs, the breadwinner would inevitably be accorded a ratio for
indirect contribution that would never be ‘zero’, even if that spouse had not
made any non-financial contribution towards the family’s well-being. The
exclusivity of the breadwinning role taken on by one spouse results in
financial contributions being given credit at two stages of the structured
approach.

24 Since the decision in ANJ v ANK, courts applying the structured approach
have in appropriate situations adjusted the average ratio by according unequal
weightage to direct and indirect contributions, depending on the facts and
circumstances of the case (see Twiss, Christopher James Hans v Twiss, Yvonne
Prendergast [2015] SGCA 52 at [21]; ATE v ATD and another appeal [2016] SGCA 2
at [21] and [23]). This approach was one that the Wife argued for in the
present case which could arguably alleviate the disadvantage suffered by the
homemaker in Single-Income Marriages.

25 I observed that the consequence of according a 70% weightage to indirect
contributions and a 30% weightage to direct contributions is that the Wife’s
indirect contributions would be given pre-eminence as a factor in the division
exercise. The direct and indirect contributions of the parties are already
taken into account in steps 1 and 2 of the structured approach in reaching the
average ratio. Having been accorded 65% as her indirect contributions, the
Wife’s 65% ratio would be given an amplified consideration by a weightage of
70%. I declined to use the approach suggested by the wife for it must be borne
in mind that the Court of Appeal has also said in ANJ v ANK (at [26] and [28])
that:

26 … We would underscore that s 112 of the WC does not give pre-eminence to
any of the factors enumerated in s 112(2). … Put simply, the “average ratio”
is a non-binding figure; it is meant to serve as an indicative guide to assist
courts in deciding what would be a just and equitable apportionment having
regard to the factual nuances of each case.

…

28 … We are mindful that there remains a number of other factors under s 112,
including the needs of the children; the presence of an agreement between the
parties with respect to the ownership and division of matrimonial assets;
period of rent-free occupation or other benefit enjoyed by one party in the
matrimonial home to the exclusion of the other party; and the matters referred
to in s 114(1) relating to a maintenance order for the wife. Insofar as the
remaining factors become relevant for consideration in the appropriate case,
the court is well-advised to make adjustments as it deems necessary to the
principles stated in this judgment for the purposes of reaching a just and
equitable result on the facts before it.

26 Further, giving unequal weightage to direct and indirect contributions
involves a measure of artificiality and may send the message that the court is
constrained to adjust the ratio mathematically, when it is not so restricted;
its discretion is, on the contrary, to be exercised in broad strokes.

27 Although I declined to accord unequal weightage to the direct and indirect
contributions, I still adjusted the average ratio. I adjusted the average
ratio for the Wife from 32.5% to 40% as the Wife’s final share. My reasons for
this adjustment are explained here.

28 First, it must not be forgotten that the court ought always to be mindful
that a marriage is an equal partnership of different efforts. The Court of
Appeal clearly stated a decade ago, in NK v NL at [20], that:

… The division of matrimonial assets under the [WC] is founded on the
prevailing ideology of marriage as an equal co-operative partnership of
efforts. The contributions of both spouses are equally recognised whether he
or she concentrates on the economics or homemaking role, as both roles must be
performed equally well if the marriage is to flourish.

29 This marriage is a very long one, stretching over 37 years. The Court of
Appeal opined in ANJ v ANK (at [27]) that:

The circumstances that could shift the “average ratio” in favour of one party
are diverse …. Indirect contributions in general tend to feature more
prominently in long marriages … The courts also tend to give weighty
consideration to homemakers who have painstakingly raised children to
adulthood, especially where such efforts have entailed significant career
sacrifices on their part.

30 If the law is to accord equal recognition to homemaking and breadwinning,
then in a very long marriage where extensive marital cooperation, mutual
emotional support and joint parenting have been carried out, an adjustment to
the final ratio ought to be made to reflect this circumstance. After all, the
assistance and support one party gives the other in the carrying on of the
latter’s occupation or business is a factor relevant to determining the just
and equitable division of matrimonial assets (see s 112(2)(g) of the WC). In
the case of long marriages, such assistance and support is very substantial
and is, immeasurable.

31 The Court of Appeal had, earlier in NK v NL, emphasized that (at [29]):

… it is paramount that courts do not focus merely on a direct and indirect
contributions dichotomy in arriving at a just and equitable division of
matrimonial assets. The various factors enumerated by s 112(2) of the [WC],
which are no less important, must be duly assessed and considered as a whole.
At the end of the day, no one factor should be determinative as the court's
mandate is to come to a just and equitable division of the matrimonial assets
having regard to all the circumstances of the case. [emphasis in original]

32 Thus, the court may adjust the average ratio in a manner that is just and
equitable, taking into account all the circumstances, including the factors in
s 112(2) of the WC. It is not constrained to use the average ratio as the
final ratio, as it could otherwise lead to the direct and indirect
contributions of the parties gaining dominant importance amongst the factors
in s 112(2). Neither is the court compelled in every case to accord different
weightage to direct and indirect contributions when it adjusts the average
ratio.

33 Second, trends in previous cases that share broadly similar facts are very
useful in guiding the court in its exercise of discretion. The Court of
Appeal’s decision in BCB v BCC [2013] 2 SLR 324 is instructive on how the use
of trends guides the court’s exercise of its power in reaching a just and
equitable division of matrimonial assets. The most recent decision of TNK v
TNL also shows the way in reaching a just division by the use of trends and
precedents (see TNL v TNK at [47] to [51]).

34 In the present case, I found it just and equitable that the matrimonial
assets be divided in the proportion of 60:40 in favour of the Husband. This
outcome is in line with the trends of division in cases with broadly similar
facts (I elaborate on this at [41] onwards).

35 The table that reflects this division under the structured approach is as
follows:

| Wife| Husband  
---|---|---  
Direct contributions| 0| 100  
Indirect contributions| 65| 35  
Average ratio| 32.5| 67.5  
Final ratio| 40%| 60%  
  
Recent Court of Appeal decision in TNL v TNK

36 The decision of the Court of Appeal in TNL v TNK has given further guidance
on the approach a court should take in its exercise of discretion in dividing
matrimonial assets. Although I am of the view that I had reached a just and
equitable division by applying the structured approach to the present case
(which involved a Single-Income Marriage), the principles in TNL v TNK would
have greatly assisted me in dealing with some difficult aspects I had stated
in [22] to [27].

Philosophy of marriage

37 First, the Court of Appeal has affirmed “the philosophy of marriage being
an equal partnership” (TNL v TNK at [44]). This requires that contributions to
the marriage, be they direct financial contributions in the form of acquiring
matrimonial assets or providing for the family, or indirect contributions in
the form of homemaking, are to be accorded equal recognition. The purpose of
the structured approach laid down in ANJ v ANK – requiring a court to identify
the ratio of each spouse’s direct and indirect contributions – was to ensure
that indirect contributions were placed on an equal footing as direct
contributions. A common practice till then had been to start by ascribing a
ratio to the parties’ direct contributions and then applying a percentage
“uplift” to account for a party’s indirect contributions. This, in the Court
of Appeal’s view, was unsatisfactory because using direct contributions as a
starting point might undervalue the homemaker’s indirect contributions, which
would in turn be inconsistent with Parliament’s objective of equalizing direct
and indirect contributions (see ANJ v ANK at [19]).

38 It would be ironic if the application of the ANJ v ANK approach, which was
meant to guide a court’s exercise of discretion, led to a result that was not
intended by the Court of Appeal or by Parliament in enacting s 112 of the WC.
The Court of Appeal in TNL v TNK was, hence, understandably concerned that
applying the ANJ v ANK approach to Single-Income Marriages would unduly favour
the working spouse over the non-working spouse (at [44]):

Our reconsideration of the ANJ approach in the context of Single-Income
Marriages stems from the fact that [the] ANJ approach tends to unduly favour
the working spouse over the non-working spouse. This is because financial
contributions are given recognition under both Steps 1 and 2 of the ANJ
approach. Under Step 1, the working spouse in a Single-Income Marriage would
be accorded 100% (or close to 100%) of direct contributions. He or she would
also be accorded a substantial percentage under Step 2 solely on the basis of
his or her indirect financial contributions, and this could well be the case
even if he or she made little or no non-financial contributions. On the other
side of the equation, this means that the non-working spouse is, in this
sense, doubly (and severely) disadvantaged. [emphasis in original]

39 The Court of Appeal in TNL v TNK thus excluded the application of the
structured approach to long, “Single-Income Marriages” on the basis that it
would not be consistent with the philosophy of marriage or its intention in
ANJ – which, as mentioned, was to avoid undervaluing indirect contributions in
the first place (at [44]–[45]):

… we reaffirmed the rationale behind the broad-brush approach in ANJ (at [17])
by highlighting that “mutual respect must be accorded for spousal
contributions, whether in the economic or homemaking spheres, as both roles
are equally fundamental to the well-being of a marital partnership”.…However,
giving effect to this principle in the context of a Single-Income Marriage and
within the framework of the ANJ approach would almost inevitably result in
some degree of artificiality: the court would either have to award the non-
working spouse a very high percentage in Step 2 (which may appear to disregard
the working spouse’s indirect financial contributions), or accord a very high
weightage to Step 2 at Step 3. In some, if not most, cases, the court would
have to do both. … the principles enunciated in [ANJ v ANK] are not
necessarily exhaustive and … we did not expect them to be hard and fast rules
that must immutably be applied even to cases of exceptional facts. In this
regard, we are of the view that the ANJ approach should not be applied to
Single-Income Marriages. [emphasis in original]

40 This is an important point made in TNL v TNK. It reminds the court to bear
in mind the underlying philosophy of marriage as an equal cooperative
partnership of different efforts and to look at all relevant circumstances to
reach a just, fair and equitable division of the matrimonial assets.

Use of trends and case precedents

Examining past precedents with broadly similar facts

41 Second, the Court of Appeal’s decision also underscores the relevance of
using trends in past cases to guide the court’s division of assets. The Court
of Appeal had, in a number of decisions even before TNL v TNK, relied on such
trends to guide its assessment of a just and equitable division.

42 In Tan Hwee Lee v Tan Cheng Guan and another appeal and another matter
[2012] 4 SLR 785 (“Tan Hwee Lee”), the Court of Appeal rejected the husband’s
suggestion that the wife be awarded only 14.3% of the total assets. It
observed that in long marriages, the trend in previous cases was toward giving
the homemaker a greater proportion of the matrimonial assets; it cited
academic studies of decided cases to show that the figure would be somewhere
between 35% to 50%, making the husband’s proposed share of the assets to be
awarded to the wife in that case unreasonably low (see [82], [83], and [87]).

43 In BCB v BCC, the Court of Appeal cited Lim Hui Min, “Matrimonial Asset
Division: The Art of Achieving a Just and Equitable Result” in SAL Conference
2011: Developments in Singapore Law Between 2006 and 2010 (Yeo Tiong Min, Hans
Tjio & Tang Hang Wu gen eds) (Academy Publishing, 2011) at pp 191–271 for the
trends in division orders and noted a trend, in marriages more than ten years
long, for working mothers with substantially less financial contributions to
receive about 40% of the assets, which would be more than her direct financial
contributions (at [13]–[16]).

44 In Chan Tin Sun v Fong Quay Sim [2015] 2 SLR 195, the Court of Appeal
observed that for marriages of between 17 to 35 years where there were
children, the proportion of matrimonial assets would range from 35% to 50% (at
[58]).

45 Once again, in TNL v TNK, the Court of Appeal has affirmed the value of
precedents. It cited a few decisions with similar facts, observing at [48]
that:

[in] long Single-Income Marriages, the precedent cases show that our courts
tend towards an equal division of the matrimonial assets. We are in general
agreement with this approach. We pause to highlight that different
considerations may attach in short Single-Income Marriages, although we
propose to leave that issue to be dealt with in an appropriate case in the
future.

46 What precedents should guide the division of assets in short Single-Income
Marriages? As the quote in the previous paragraph shows, the Court of Appeal
left the question of what considerations would attach in short as opposed to
long Single-Income Marriages to be dealt with in the future.

47 A starting point for identifying the relevant trend of division in short
Single-Income Marriages may be found in Zhou Lijie v Wang Chengxiang [2015]
SGHC 316. This case involved a nine-year marriage where there were no
children. The husband was the breadwinner and the wife was a homemaker. The
High Court noted, having surveyed the precedents, that where (a) a wife made
little or no direct contributions, (b) the marriage was a childless one, and
(c) the marriage was a moderate length of about 10 ten years, the just and
equitable division of assets would be to award her between 10% to 20% of the
total pool of assets (at [60]).

What is a “Single-Income Marriage”?

48 In TNL v TNK, the Court of Appeal defined “Single-Income Marriages” as
marriages where “one spouse is the sole-income earner and the other plays the
role of homemaker”; it distinguished this from “Dual-Income Marriages”, which
it defined as “marriages where both spouses are working and are therefore able
to make both direct and indirect financial contributions to the household”
(see [42]–[43]).

49 The words “Single-Income Marriage” ought to be interpreted sensibly in the
spirit in which TNL v TNK was decided. I do not think the Court of Appeal
intended to draw a thick black line separating cases where the main homemaker
worked intermittently for a few years in the course of a long marriage from
cases where the homemaker had not worked a single day, applying the structured
approach in ANJ v ANK only in the former situation while excluding it in the
latter. To do so may place a full-time homemaker (who has not worked at all
during marriage) in a better position than a homemaker who also worked but
brought far less income into the marriage than the main breadwinner. This is
because the former may obtain near equal division of the assets following TNL
v TNK, while the latter may obtain substantially less than that share if ANJ v
ANK is applied to her (or his) case and her direct contributions are very low.

50 It appears from the judgment in TNL v TNK that a “Single-Income Marriage”
would include a marriage where one party is primarily the breadwinner and the
other is primarily the homemaker. The Court of Appeal cited, as examples of
Single-Income Marriages, two cases where the spouse who took on the role of
the main homemaker had also made some financial contributions, for example,
through employment or through investments. Thus, it appears that “Single-
Income Marriages” are not limited to those where one spouse focuses
exclusively on the homemaking role without contributing financially at all,
while the other is the sole breadwinner. It is convenient at this juncture to
take a closer look at those two cases referred to by the Court of Appeal.

51 First, the Court of Appeal cited Yow Mee Lan v Chan Kai Buan [2000] 2
SLR(R) 659 (“Yow Mee Lan”) as a decision with similar facts to the case before
it. In Yow Mee Lan, which involved a 26-year marriage, the wife worked
continuously during the marriage, first for third parties and later for the
husband himself. According to the judgment in Yow Mee Lan, the wife was
working when the parties married in 1973; she stopped work in 1975 to care for
the parties’ first child and resumed employment from 1976 until 1979 when she
stopped work again to care for the couple’s second child (at [3]). She then
worked from 1982 to 1996, for a third-party company in the first three years
and then for her husband’s company for the rest of that time until 1996 (see
[4] and [13]). Throughout these years, she remained the main caregiver for the
children due to the husband’s extensive travelling (at [9]). Eventually, the
wife commenced divorce proceedings in 1998 and the interim judgment (or decree
nisi as it was then known) was granted in 1999 (at [15]).

52 In citing Yow Mee Lan as a precedent for a Single-Income Marriage, the
Court of Appeal in TNL v TNK (at [50]) noted the High Court’s observation in
that case (at [42]), that the wife “played a supporting role in the family
business owned by the husband” and it appeared that she “did not have either
the knowledge or the talent which the husband did and could not herself have
produced the substantial income he was able to generate”. Thus it appears that
a marriage can still be classified as a Single-Income one even if the
homemaker spouse has worked for some time in a long marriage. In determining
whether a spouse is a “homemaker” and whether the marriage is a “single-
income” one, what is called for is a qualitative assessment of the roles
played by each spouse in the marriage relative to the other. In Yow Mee Lan’s
case there was a clear demarcation of responsibility: the husband focused
entirely on his business (and made a success of it) while the wife supported
him by running the household. She played that role throughout the time she was
working; the Judge in that case described her commitment to the family as
“total and unstinting” (at [36]). A wife in such a position suffers
economically in the area of career advancement and the opportunity to earn an
income she might otherwise have been capable of receiving had she not taken on
the heavy responsibility of homemaking as well.

53 The second case referred to was Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye [2007] 3
SLR(R) 520 (“Lock Yeng Fun”). In that case, the wife was a homemaker who, for
the length of a 30-year marriage, had been employed only for four months, at a
time when the husband was retrenched. Despite this, she amassed considerable
wealth (some $500,000) by investing money that the husband had given her as
her allowance. She achieved this despite having to shoulder the burden of the
caring for the household, never employing domestic help and being the sole
caregiver of the children during those periods of time when the husband was
posted overseas – which was for a total of some 8 years (Lock Yeng Fun at
[19]). This decision illustrates that a spouse who makes substantial financial
contribution to the acquisition of matrimonial assets can still be regarded as
a homemaker in a Single-Income Marriage.

54 That said, I would caution parties embroiled in matrimonial disputes
against extending their battlefield in litigation by nit-picking on whether
their case should be classified as a Dual-Income Marriage, to which the
structured approach in ANJ v ANK applies, or a Single-Income Marriage, to
which it does not. One should not split hairs in this way, for it would
undermine the aspirations of the WC and the family justice system if the
exercise of dividing the matrimonial assets gives incentive to the parties to
argue over fine brush financial contributions. Neither should parties be
inflexible by arguing where a bright blue line should separate a short
marriage from one of moderate length and a long one. The power to divide must
be exercised in broad strokes; the broad brush approach has been affirmed many
times over by the Court of Appeal.

The structured approach in ANJ v ANK continues to apply to Dual-Income
Marriages

55 The Court of Appeal held that the structured approach in ANJ v ANK does not
apply to Single-Income Marriages but continues to apply to Dual-Income
Marriages (TNL v TNK at [41] and [45]). It would appear that in Single-Income
Marriages where ANJ v ANK is not applicable, the court must look at all the
relevant factors in s 112(2) of the WC and be guided by precedents. That said,
it is worth reiterating that the Court has cautioned that the division in a
previous case is no more than an illustration which subsequent cases can take
into account as guides, always bearing in mind the difference in circumstances
and that no two cases are identical (see Yeo Chong Lin v Tay Ang Choo Nancy
and another appeal [2011] 2 SLR 1157 at [79]).

56 One of the most significant aspects of ANJ v ANK is the rejection of the
“uplift method” – that is, using the parties’ direct financial contributions
to the marriage as a starting point for ascertaining the proportions of
division – which tended to undermine the indirect contributions of the
breadwinner spouse. As the Court of Appeal noted in ANJ v ANK (at [19]):

…the “uplift” methodology is not a good tool to assess and recognise the
parties’ indirect contributions to the marriage. The primary difficulty with
this approach is the inherent risk of it undervaluing a spouse’s non-financial
contribution. Using direct financial contributions as the prima facie starting
point would not achieve the objective of the 1996 amendments to the WC of
equalising the non-financial contribution with financial contribution given
the tendency for direct financial contributions to assume centre-stage,
leaving inadequate room for indirect contributions to feature within the
calculus…

57 In rejecting the uplift methodology, the structured approach explicitly
recognises the main breadwinner’s indirect contributions as well, and provides
a more balanced way to explain how the court reached the ultimate division
proportions. Its underlying basis is that financial and non-financial
contributions ought to be appropriately recognised.

58 Although the structured approach continues to apply to Dual-Income
Marriages, the court must be mindful of the Court of Appeal's view that the
steps in ANJ v ANK were not intended to be used as “hard and fast rules that
must immutably be applied even to cases of exceptional facts” (TNL v TNK at
[45], referring to ANK v ANK at [30]). Indeed, the limitations of ANJ v ANK
fall away if it is embraced as a useful guide to be exercised within a broad
brush approach.

59 I cannot stress enough the importance of the broad brush approach in
applying ANJ v ANK. No useful purpose is served by parties litigating the
matter in a mathematical fashion, filing affidavit after affidavit on every
contribution they can come up with. Parties in a functioning marriage do not
keep records of their transactions with a view to building a case should
divorce occur, so gaps in the evidence, especially in long marriages, can be
expected. In some cases, the court is able to reach fairly accurate figures in
respect of the parties' direct contributions due to the availability of cogent
evidence. In other cases, gaps in evidence can affect the court’s ability to
determine a precise ratio for direct contributions. The court will consider
all available relevant evidence to reach a just determination at each stage of
the exercise of discretion afforded by s 112 of the WC.

60 Divorcing couples were once in an intact, functioning relationship; they
chose to marry each other, for better or for worse. The mutual emotional
support each gave the other in the marriage cannot be measured in monetary
terms. Who is to say that had one spouse not been present in the life of the
other, the latter would have been as financially successful and thus able to
contribute a greater share to the pool of matrimonial assets? Conversely, one
cannot, on hindsight, tell with certainty whether the presence of the other
spouse in one’s life had any negative effect on one’s career. Countless
decisions, small and large, are made in the course of a marriage. Many
significant forks in life’s road occur during the course of a marriage. The
broad brush approach is thus a key feature in the resolution of disputes over
the division of matrimonial assets. The final ratio also ought to reflect the
philosophy of marriage as an equal partnership of different efforts.
Matrimonial disputes are best managed, and families better supported, by a
sensible, broad-brush process which does not incentivise calculative
behaviour. Parties need to be bigger, kinder and wiser after a divorce; they
need to look ahead and recast their future to focus on healing themselves and
parenting their children.

Trends in short and long Dual-Income Marriages

61 The introduction of the structured approach in ANJ v ANK did not wipe out
the value of precedents pre-dating it. It may useful here to make some brief
observations on the trends in Dual-Income Marriages.

62 Generally, in short Dual-Income marriages, division proportions tend to
reflect the parties’ respective financial contributions. In Ong Boon Huat
Samuel v Chan Mei Lan Kristine [2007] 2 SLR 729, the Court of Appeal noted (at
[28]) that in “a short and childless marriage, the division of matrimonial
assets will usually be in accordance with the parties’ direct financial
contributions as non-financial contributions will be minimal”. This decision
pre-dated ANJ v ANK.

63 ANJ v ANK is capable of producing a just and equitable result in line with
past trends in short Dual-Income Marriages if adjustments within the
structured approach are appropriately made. For example, in ATE v ATD, which
involved a marriage of 5 years with one child, the Court of Appeal accorded a
75% weightage to direct contributions, resulting in an outcome consistent with
other cases involving marriages of short lengths. The direct contributions
were 59:41 in favour of the husband; the indirect contributions were 40:60,
and the average percentage contribution was 54.25% to 45.75%, which was closer
to the ratio of the parties’ direct contributions.

64 Assigning a higher weightage to financial contributions in short Dual-
Income marriages is not inconsistent with Parliament’s intention. In the
Parliamentary debates on removing the directive to incline towards equality in
the former s 106 of the WC, the views of the then Minister for Community
Development was recorded as follows (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report (27 August 1996) vol 66 at col 527):

… where a marriage is of short duration with no children, the law must not put
judges under constraint to incline towards equality when what is equal may not
be just.

65 Short marriages without children may thus present an exception to the
general approach, in that financial contributions could be given greater
weight than other factors. In contrast, financial contributions ought not to
be given pre-eminence in longer Dual-Income Marriages.

66 If in long, Single-Income Marriages, the precedent cases show that our
courts inclined towards an equal division of the matrimonial assets, there is
little reason not to also incline towards equality in long Dual-Income
Marriages, in the light of the philosophy of marriage as an equal partnership.
My observation is that trends in cases of long marriages with children,
whether Single-Income or Dual-Income ones, also incline towards equal
division. Inclining towards equal division still allows the court to use its
discretion to deviate from an exactly 50:50 split and does not constrain the
court's discretion, yet upholds the character of marriage and provides
guidance to the court.

67 These trends and observations are valuable guides for the court tasked with
examining all the circumstances of each unique case to reach a fair outcome.
They do not shackle the court’s discretion, for there is no norm or
presumptive division proportion, but are aids to guide it towards a just and
equitable division of assets. They remain relevant even when applying the
structured step-by-step approach in ANJ v ANK. As I have explained earlier,
the court ought to be mindful of the trends in precedent cases particularly
when it considers adjusting the average ratio to reach the final one.

The spirit of TNL v TNK and ANJ v ANK which guides the court

68 At the end of the day, it must not be forgotten that the spirit of the
decision in TNL v TNK is to recognise that the outcome of the division
exercise ought not to undermine the fundamental nature of marriage as an equal
partnership and that the structured approach ought not to be applied as a hard
and fast rule. Instead, the structured approach in ANJ v ANK, when used in a
manner that does not limit the scope of broad brush adjustments, gives helpful
guidance to the court in upholding the philosophy of marriage and in giving
equal and sufficient recognition to both breadwinning and homemaking. Such an
application of ANJ v ANK may necessitate appropriate adjustments to the
average ratio by taking into account these broad concepts as well all other
factors in s 112(2) of the WC. A principled application of ANJ v ANK requires
decisions which articulate clearly the reasons for such adjustments, thus
enabling greater understanding of and certainty about how the court exercises
its discretion in s 112 of the WC. Well-articulated decisions will constitute
valuable precedents upon which family jurisprudence is built for future
guidance.

Present division order upholds the spirit of TNL v TNK

69 While TNL v TNK has now stated that the structured approach does not apply
to Single-Income Marriages, I am of the view that the way the structured
approach was applied to the present facts led to a result which is consistent
with the approach advocated in TNL v TNK.

70 As noted by the Court of Appeal in its TNL v TNK (at [38] to [42]), the
courts have been inclined towards equal division in a number of cases
involving long Single-Income Marriages. I have observed that in precedents
identified by the Court of Appeal in decisions before TNL v TNK (see
[42]–[44]) above, the proportion of division in long marriages where there
were children tend to be around 35–50%. Given that this was a long marriage
where the Wife was a homemaker, as a rough guide, a just and equitable share
of the matrimonial assets for her would be in the region of 35 to 50%.

71 In Lock Yeng Fun, although the marriage was a long one and the wife was a
homemaker, the situation was exceptional in that the wife, by her investment
skills, increased the value of the family’s assets to the extent that she had
more assets than the husband at the time of the hearing of ancillary matters
(see [41]). In Tan Hwee Lee, the Court assessed that equal division was just
and equitable and noted that there was no evidence that the husband there had
made significant non-financial contributions at all – he was, in truth, an
absent father (at [92]).

72 In the present case, on the other hand, the Husband was responsible for the
generation of income in the marriage and the wife played a minimal role in
this regard. He actively looked after the children despite being the main
breadwinner, as I have mentioned at [18] above. Having retired in 1999 at the
age of 46, he managed to devote time to the family while still making a
substantial income from his investments. He was highly successful, having
amassed $9 million despite a relatively early retirement. That said, the
Wife’s homemaking contributions should not be undervalued.

73 Having considered the relevant circumstances, and given the length of the
marriage and the wife’s considerable contribution to raising the children, and
applying a broad brush approach, I divided the matrimonial assets 60:40 in
favour of the Husband. This would be consistent with past precedents.

Maintenance for the Wife

74 Having made the division order, I considered the Wife’s prayer for
maintenance. I was of the view that with $3.65 million in assets under the
division order, the Wife had sufficient financial resources to meet her
reasonable needs. The children are grown up and she could focus only on her
own needs. The adult children could even give financial support to their
parents. It must be borne in mind that the Husband is not young, and the
assets on which he relies to generate income will be reduced after the
division order is carried out. Thus, I ordered that there be no maintenance
for the Wife.

Multiplier in lump sum maintenance for the Wife

75 Although I have not made any order of maintenance here, I will make an
observation on the calculation of the multiplier in determining a wife’s lump
sum maintenance. The Court of Appeal in TNL v TNK made clear that the formula
in Ong Chen Leng v Tan Sau Poo [1993] 2 SLR(R) 545 is a guide and not a rule
(at [61]):

Whilst not proposing to discard the Ong Chen Leng method altogether, we do not
think that the Ong Chen Leng method was intended by this court to be the only
method of quantifying the appropriate multiplier for a lump sum maintenance
award. In this regard, we agree with the Husband’s submission that the Ong
Chen Leng method is simply a guide rather than a rule of law.

76 This is a welcome clarification, for disputing parties have often used the
formula almost as a rule, without understanding the basis or origins of the
formula. I had made the following observation about the Ong Chen Leng formula,
in an academic setting, in the Annual Review of Singapore Cases (2012) 13 SAL
Ann Rev 299 at [16.88]–[16.89]:

16.88 … In Ong Chen Leng itself, the formula was suggested by the wife (at
[35]):

… [The wife] quantified the $400 on a straightline basis over a period of 17
years as a compromise between the average life expectancy of a woman (70
years) and the usual retirement age (65) of a Singapore male worker less the
wife’s present age which was 50. In the circumstances of this case this seems
proper and we make no comment on it.

16.89 It may have been an acceptable formula in the circumstances in that
case, but no elaboration was made on why that formula was appropriate, nor was
there a logical basis for such a formula. There are many variables in
considering the wife’s needs in transiting to post-divorce life: the husband’s
health and working prospects would affect the retirement age of that husband;
the wife’s health would affect the life span of the wife. These matters
directly affect the variables in the formula. The formula is at best a very
rough guide to obtaining a ball-park multiplier.

77 The Ong Chen Leng formula is not as helpful in cases involving younger
wives. An application of the formula to a 35-year-old wife would yield a
multiplier of 40 years – this is calculated on the basis of 85 years being the
updated average life span of a woman (see Wan Lai Cheng v Quek Seow Kee and
another appeal and another matter [2012] 4 SLR 405 at [89]) and 40 being the
solution to the equation ([(85 + 65) ÷ 2] – 35). Ironically, a young wife is
far more capable of earning income and for more years than an older wife of
say, 60 years of age. The older wife would have obtained a far lower
multiplier of 15, being the solution to the equation ([(85 + 65) ÷ 2] – 60).
This anomaly arises because the formula does not take into account the wife’s
earning capacity and her income but assumes that she has none. The formula may
be more helpful as a guide in cases of older wives who have taken on the
homemaking role in the marriage and who have little or no earning capacity at
the time of the divorce.

78 TNL v TNK reiterates that the court’s power to order maintenance is
supplementary to the power to order a division of matrimonial assets (at [63],
citing ATE v ATD at [33]). If, after considering the financial resources
available to the wife after the division order, the court is of the view that
maintenance is appropriate, the court should also be guided by the underlying
basis for the maintenance of a former wife (see Foo Ah Yan v Chiam Heng Chow
[2012] 2 SLR 506) and by the factors in s 114 of the WC in reaching the final
maintenance order.

Debbie Ong  
Judicial Commissioner

Chia Soo Michael and Hany Soh Hui Bin (MSC Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;  
Cheong Zhihui Ivan and Chew Wei En (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

