Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 286

Suit No 576 of 2015

Between

| Hon Chin Kong  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Yip Fook Mun  
---|---  
(2)| Wimol Angsopa  
  
… Defendants

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Contract] — [Formation] — [Acceptance]

[Contract] — [Variation]

[Contract] — [Remedies] — [Deposits]

[Contract] — [Remedies] — [Part payments]

[Contract] — [Remedies] — [Penalties]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Hon Chin Kong

  

v

  

Yip Fook Mun and another

[2017] SGHC 286

High Court — Suit No 576 of 2015  
Kannan Ramesh J  
28–31 March; 9, 23 May; 27 June; 6 September 2017

9 November 2017

Kannan Ramesh J:

Introduction

1 In Suit No 576 of 2015, the plaintiff sought return of $300,000 that he had
paid to the defendants in September 2013. The facts of the case were for the
most part undisputed. The outcome turned on whether the parties’ negotiations
amounted in law to a binding contract, the terms of that contract, and the
interesting legal question of whether a contractual deposit is subject to the
rule against penalties (“the penalty rule”). This is a question of law that
has thus far not been fully explored in Singapore.

2 I issued brief oral grounds for my decision to dismiss the suit on 6
September 2017. I had indicated then that I would issue full grounds of
decision. These are my full grounds.

Facts

3 The plaintiff is a Singapore citizen residing in Brunei. The first
defendant, a Singapore citizen, is married to the second defendant, a
Singapore Permanent Resident. The defendants reside in Thailand.

4 At the material time, the first defendant worked for Gallagher Security
Management System (“Gallagher”). The defendants were the sole directors and
shareholders of a company, CDX Singapore Pte Ltd (“CDX”), incorporated by the
first defendant in Singapore on 3 July 2002 to supply and maintain Gallagher
security products. The plaintiff operated two Brunei companies, one of which
was an appointed Gallagher Access Control Sales, Installation & Service
Partner in Brunei. The first defendant got to know the plaintiff in 2003
through his role as Gallagher’s representative.

5 In 2008 or 2009, the plaintiff made overtures about acquiring the
defendants’ shareholding in CDX. He sent representatives to inspect CDX’s
books and records, but ultimately chose not to proceed with the transaction.
On 7 May 2013, the plaintiff e-mailed the first defendant saying that he was
considering buying CDX again because his children were moving back to
Singapore for National Service in September. He also confirmed that he
intended to acquire the mortgage-free property owned by CDX and used as its
office, 7030 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 5, #02-41 Northstar, Singapore 569880 (“the
office property”). The plaintiff suggested that they “round up the deal by
this month” (ie, May), which suggested an urgency on his part to complete the
transaction.

6 On 10 May 2013, the first defendant sent the plaintiff an e-mail with the
subject “Your offers”. He stated:

Hi Lawrence,

Let’s not waste time. [T]otal package sales including office will be S$850k
nett.

…

I will let it to you and if you are keen at the figures I proposed, please let
me know as this figures have a validated dates cause the property market is
going up like crazy……

7 The plaintiff replied the next day. He amended the e-mail subject to “RE:
Your offers (ACCEPTED)” and wrote:

Kelvin,

I am glad with your reply. Let’s round up the figure at S$800k (Singapore
Dollars : Eight Hundred Thousand only) and deemed this as done deal. Let’s
open a champagne to celebrate this occasion in Singapore…when is the best time
to do the paperwork ?

[emphasis in original]

8 The first defendant replied on 20 May 2013:

Hi Lawrence,

The price your offer is too far below my expectations …

Let’s not waste time, one final price, $828k. This is the very best that I can
offer …

CDX FY end on end June and me and my wife will be in Singapore during last
week of June to settle the account, if you are interested, we can meet over in
Singapore to clear at the transactions and please prepare cash or bank cheque
or bank draft … and we can go to the secretary office and bank to do the
transaction. Kindly note that we will only be Singapore for 4 working days and
need to settle very things [sic] for the whole FY account. ... Let me know
what’s your thinking.

Best Regards …

9 On 24 May 2013, the plaintiff sent the first defendant two text messages in
succession stating:

Ok. Confirned [sic] la. $828k. Please email me the audited acct for June 2012
last year and the old property purchase agreement for my perusal.

I need to prepare alot of things for this payment. Thanks bro… at least we
sealed this deal. Ended all happy. I m [sic] very glad.

10 The first defendant e-mailed the plaintiff on 25 May 2013, stating:

Hi Lawrence.

Happy with your acceptance to purchase at S$828K for the total office and
company.

…

I will be departing to Brunei on 24th June and return to Singapore on 26th
June … can you join me to Singapore for settling of all the documents as I
will depart Singapore on 1st July. We only have a few days to clear all
important document’s first where we need to go to the secretary office for the
transaction (together with your payment) and than [sic] follow by the bank to
have your name & signature. Thereafter, I need to transfer all the E-filing
name and passwords to you. You will need to get ready your Sinpass [sic] login
name and password … CDX email account will also be transfers [sic] to you too.
To straighten all things, as mentioned by you, we will be clear of all dollars
and cents during end of June where any balance for the amount billed base on
work completions before 1st July 2013 will belongs to me and any new invoices
starting from July’13 onwards will be yours. I will pay for CDX income tax for
FY ending June 2013 to you first where you will pay to the government one year
later.

…

See you next month.

[emphasis added]

CDX’s unaudited accounts for financial year 2012 were attached to the e-mail.
The targeted completion of the transaction was therefore end June 2013, during
the defendants’ visit to Singapore.

11 Thereafter, the parties began making arrangements to hand over CDX. As
proposed in the first defendant’s e-mail of 25 May 2013, the plaintiff met the
defendants in Brunei from around 24 to 26 June 2013 and again in Singapore on
or around 28 June 2013. On 27 and 28 June 2013, the first defendant told one
Lorraine Lee (“Ms Lee”) from BSP Management Pte Ltd, CDX’s corporate
secretarial service providers, that he and the second defendant would be
resigning and transferring all the shares in CDX to the plaintiff. He asked Ms
Lee to prepare the necessary documents, as well as “all FY ending documents”,
for them to sign on 28 June 2013. He also instructed Ms Lee to arrange for him
to “clear off” the accounts receivable and accounts payable of CDX so that the
company’s financial accounts would be reset when the plaintiff took over as
director. The parties signed the following documents, prepared by Ms Lee, on
28 June 2013:

(a) the plaintiff’s consent to be appointed director of CDX;

(b) two directors’ resolutions signed by the defendants, to appoint the
plaintiff as sole director of CDX and authorising the transfer of their shares
to the plaintiff;

(c) letters of resignation by the defendants as directors of the company;

(d) a directors’ resolution signed by the plaintiff and defendants, accepting
with immediate effect the defendants’ resignation as directors;

(e) two share transfer forms, by which the defendants transferred their shares
in CDX to the plaintiff; and

(f) a directors’ resolution signed by the plaintiff authorising him as the
sole mandate holder for CDX’s bank account with UOB Bank.

These steps were consistent with the 25 May 2013 email.

12 However, payment was not forthcoming. The plaintiff apparently requested an
extension of time to complete the sale by 12 July 2013, a Friday. On 3 July
2013, the first defendant sent the plaintiff a WhatsApp message saying, “Have
your bank settled the transfer? Don’t forget that it will takes [sic] 5
working days to clear large sum and the dead line is next Friday.” He again
asked for updates “[u]rgently” on 8 July 2013. The plaintiff replied that same
day in a lengthy e-mail, in which he asked the first defendant to bear with
him “for a little longer [than] that 14 days window as discussed”. He assured
the first defendant that he would “definitely” make the transfer “sometime
these few days”. On 19 July 2013, the plaintiff sought to defer payment to 1
October as he was still “waiting for the funds”. Notably, there was no
assertion by the plaintiff that he was not under a contractual obligation to
make payment. The plaintiff was clearly seeking more time to pay.

13 On 20 July 2013, the plaintiff sent the first defendant the following
WhatsApp messages:

I m proposing to effect the payment into 3 times. 1 st 300, 2nd 300 and 3rd
228. [U]pon receiving your 1st payment, I also give u a letter to allow u to
grand [sic] me the transfer of the signed cdx document for the property for
the purpose of maximum re financing it. … The mortgage payment upon receiving
shall be for your 3rd payment. After that, u pass the signed documents to me .
The 2nd payment shall be anytime in between now to sept.

The 1st and 2nd payments is the maximum I can stretch, shall be from my bank
in brunei. This is my do able [sic] realistic option.

The first defendant replied some hours later, saying:

Can email us your letter to read through the contents first? My wife indicate
that the the [sic] first payment can be act as an [sic] down payment deposit,
2nd payment she will transfers all her shares to your name first and final
payment will be all my shares to your name. … How does this sound?

Also need a final letter to indicate the last payment schedule and time frame.

[emphasis added]

Fifteen minutes later, the plaintiff replied, “Can and accepted. The letter
should be ready not later than next week” [emphasis added].

14 On 29 July 2013, the first defendant received an e-mail from Ms Gina Fe A
Maratas (“Ms Maratas”), the plaintiff’s accountant, attaching what Ms Maratas
described as a “letter for CDX purchase agreement”. I hereafter refer to this
as “the Purchase Letter”. This was a two-page document, apparently drafted by
the plaintiff himself, broadly setting out the process for taking over CDX.
The document was divided into Part 1, Part 2 and Part 3, corresponding to the
three payments to be made by the plaintiff, as follows:

(a) Upon payment of the first $300,000, the plaintiff would begin assigning
his accounting and logistics staff to review and understand CDX’s operations.

(b) Upon payment of the second $300,000, one of the defendants would transfer
their shares in CDX to the plaintiff. The plaintiff would fully take over the
entire operation of CDX, save for the office property. The first defendant
would remain on CDX’s Board of Directors until the office property was
transferred to the plaintiff.

(c) Upon payment of the remaining $228,000 (mistyped as $282,000 in the
Purchase Letter), the remaining shares would be transferred to the plaintiff.
The first defendant would remain an advisor to CDX for the next 12 months. The
“full handover” would be no later than 31 December 2013.

The Purchase Letter ended with two lines for the signatures of the plaintiff
and the first defendant.

15 On 5 August 2013, the first defendant e-mailed Ms Maratas, copying the
plaintiff, with a revised version of the Purchase Letter containing his
amendments. In the text of his e-mail, the first defendant explained that the
Singapore property market was “moving upwards” and property prices had
increased by 1.2% in the past month alone, and he had therefore “indicated a
dead line dates for all 3 payments”. He concluded, “Let me know how’s this
goes as I am a fast moving person where I like to settle things fast.” The
deadlines were as follows:

(a) Under Part 1, the first payment of $300,000 was to be made within 10
working days of 31 August 2013.

(b) Under Part 2, the second payment of $300,000 was to be made by 30
September 2013.

(c) The final payment of $228,000 was to be made by 31 December 2013.

16 The first defendant received the first payment of $300,000 on 4 September
2013. But the Purchase Letter was not taken further, nor were subsequent
payments made. Instead, the plaintiff made repeated requests for extensions of
time which, although granted, he did not comply with.

17 In January 2014, the plaintiff had still not made the second and third
payments and had financial difficulty doing so. This was because he had
planned to withdraw the necessary amounts from his companies in Brunei, but
was prevented from doing so when he lost the confidence of the Boards of
Directors of those companies. The plaintiff and the first defendant then tried
to make other payment arrangements which the plaintiff would be able to comply
with. The plaintiff also engaged lawyers to draft a written agreement, a first
draft of which was sent to the first defendant in June 2014. However, the
parties never signed the agreement and eventually the contemplated sale and
purchase fell through.

18 On 10 October 2014, the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to the defendants
demanding the return of the first $300,000 which he had paid in September
2013. The defendants did not return it but instead, by their solicitors’
letter of 15 November 2014, gave the plaintiff seven days to complete the sale
and purchase of the shares. The plaintiff did not do so.

19 The plaintiff commenced these proceedings on 12 June 2015, seeking return
of the said $300,000.

Parties’ cases

20 The plaintiff’s case was that the $300,000 was recoverable as the parties
had not entered into any contract, and there had been no transfer of shares
from the defendants to the plaintiff. He took the position that the parties’
negotiations over the sale of CDX shares did not conclude in a binding
agreement. They were merely tentative and subject to the plaintiff carrying
out due diligence and further terms being discussed. The terms which had been
agreed upon were unsettled, incomplete and/or uncertain. The papers which had
been signed on 28 June 2013 were allegedly signed “on the understanding … that
they were not to be released until a full and binding agreement had been made
and signed between all the parties”. The plaintiff further pointed out that he
had only ever discussed the transaction with the first defendant and “could
not be sure of [the second defendant’s] agreement to the terms being
discussed”. Alternatively, even if there was a contract (which he disputed),
it was not a term of the contract that any money paid pursuant to the contract
would be forfeitable.

21 In the circumstances, the WhatsApp messages on 20 July 2013 (see [13]
above) could not have constituted a variation, there being no contract to
begin with. The $300,000 was paid “only as a partial payment for the Shares
and was paid at a time when there was no contract made”. Alternatively, even
if there was a contract initially, it was not effectively varied as there was
no agreement on the terms of variation.

22 In the further alternative, even if there was a contract which was varied,
the plaintiff was entitled to recover the $300,000 for the following reasons:

(a) The variation was subject to three conditions subsequent – namely, that
the plaintiff could successfully raise a loan from the bank by mortgaging the
office property; that the defendants were not to be guarantors for the said
loan; and that the parties were to agree on all the contents of a written
agreement – which were not fulfilled.

(b) It was not a term of the varied contract that the $300,000 was
forfeitable.

(c) The defendants refused to accept the payment arrangements under the varied
contract and repudiated the contract by seeking to impose alternative payment
terms.

(d) The forfeiture of the $300,000 was unenforceable as a penalty.

(e) As the CDX shares were never transferred, the consideration for the
contract wholly failed and the plaintiff was entitled to return of the
$300,000.

23 The defendants’ case was that the parties had, around 25 May 2013, entered
into a binding agreement for the sale of the shares in CDX for a sum of
$828,000, to be completed by end June 2013. The plaintiff then sought to vary
the payment of the purchase price into three instalments of $300,000, $300,000
and $228,000 between July and September 2013. The first defendant required the
first payment to be a down payment deposit and the plaintiff agreed. The
defendants maintained that they had a binding contract as varied and/or as set
out in the Purchase Letter. It should be noted that the defendants did not
bring a counterclaim for damages for breach of contract.

24 The plaintiff denied that the Purchase Letter was binding as it contained
many contingencies and uncertainties.

Issues

25 The issues that arose for my decision were:

(a) whether the parties had entered into a binding contract for the sale of
shares in CDX and the office property;

(b) whether that contract had been successfully varied;

(c) whether it was a term of the contract that the $300,000 would be
forfeitable in the event of breach or repudiation on the plaintiff’s part in
not completing the transaction; and

(d) if so, whether the forfeiture of the $300,000 was unenforceable as a
penalty.

Issue 1: Whether there was a contract

26 On the evidence before me, I determined that the parties entered into a
contract on 24 May 2013 for the sale of the CDX shares and the office property
for a lump sum payment of $828,000.

27 The correspondence that I set out at [6]–[10] above was evidence of this
contract. The plaintiff showed genuine interest in purchasing CDX, saying he
was “very serious” in his e-mail of 7 May 2013. On 10 May 2013, the first
defendant offered to sell the CDX shares and office property to the plaintiff
at a total price of $850,000 via an e-mail titled “Your offers”. This was
rejected by the plaintiff, who counter-offered a price of $800,000 in his
email titled “RE: Your offers (ACCEPTED)” on 11 May. By inserting the word
“accepted” into the e-mail subject, suggesting that they open a bottle of
champagne to celebrate the occasion, and asking when was the best time to do
the paperwork, the plaintiff showed an unequivocal intention to enter into a
binding agreement albeit at the price he stated. This price was rejected by
the first defendant, who counter-offered a “final price” of $828,000 on 20 May
2013. The plaintiff’s reply on 24 May 2013 (“Confirned [sic] la. $828k”) could
mean nothing else but that he accepted this counter-offer. The plaintiff
expressed his gladness that “at last we sealed this deal” and said that he
would have to “prepare alot of things for this payment” – comments he would
not have made if he did not consider the agreement to constitute a binding
contract. The plaintiff’s message on 24 May 2013 was “a final and unqualified
expression of assent to the terms of [the defendants’] offer” (Gay Choon Ing v
Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter and another appeal [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332 at [47]).

28 The defendants took the position that the sale was to be completed by end
June 2013. While the plaintiff did not expressly assent to this timeline
specifically, I found that it was a term of the contract. The first defendant
had cautioned the plaintiff that his offered price was only available for a
limited time because property prices were on the increase (see [6] above) and
the plaintiff also appeared to want to complete the transaction quickly (see
[5] above). On 20 May 2013, the first defendant proposed to complete the sale
in June 2013 as CDX’s financial year ended in June and the defendants would be
in Singapore to settle its accounts then (see [8] above). He asked the
plaintiff for his thoughts. In his text messages on 24 May 2013, the plaintiff
said, “Ok. Confirned [sic] la. $828k” without specifically agreeing or
disagreeing with the timeline proposed by the first defendant. The most
reasonable inference is that he assented to both the price and the timeline
suggested by the first defendant. Otherwise, he would not have considered the
deal “sealed” and “[e]nded”, and would have instead attempted to re-negotiate
the timeline.

29 This is borne out by the parties’ conduct after 24 May 2013. The plaintiff
joined the defendants in Singapore in end June 2013 to attend to
administrative matters regarding handing over CDX (see [10] above). They
signed the paperwork for the transfer of shares, the defendants’ resignation
and the plaintiff’s appointment as a director of CDX on 28 June 2013. This
buttresses my conclusion that they considered themselves as having entered
into a binding contract for the sale of the shares and the office property by
end June. It would have been very risky, not to mention premature and
unnecessary, for the defendants to pre-sign such papers if there was no
binding agreement for the plaintiff to take over CDX.

30 The manner in which the plaintiff requested for more time to make payment
also suggested to me that he regarded himself as bound to make payment by June
2013. His e-mail of 8 July 2013 stated as follows:

Dear Kelvin,

Seek your understanding that this transfer is a bit longer than I thought and
bear with me for a little longer within that 14 days window as discussed. I am
awaiting the instruction to HSBC and also the clearance from my Board of
Director for the sum transfer. Rest be assured that this transaction is
confirmed. I will update you shortly and asap upon confirmation of the
transfer from the BOD.

BTW. it will definitely be sometime these few days. I may need your side to
take care of the CDX Singapore until the allowed among transfer is executed. …

Also upon payment, to avoid delay and lagging in follow up, my account manager
M/s Gina will need to discuss via emails directly with you and your misses to
finalize these items …

If there is slight delay, let it be for it is going to be a few weeks than I
will take over as early as possible starting from partially July…August…to
latest September 2013 and take this July, August and September 2013 as
learning curve. For the 3 months, you need to promise to me to help me on
everything concerning CDX Singapore. …

You need to trust me and leave the transaction to me on the purchase of the
CDX Singapore….after all we talking on this for years and I m not going to run
away. will get it done for you as fast as possible to my ability. I will
update you surely. The monies S$828K shall be to your personal account, I will
definitely pay off. No worry.

Just wait for the payment. Give and take Kelvin, please exercise some patience
as this is a big purchases for me…seek your understanding as I do not want to
mess up everything in a hurry. I will buy CDX confirmed and I know both of us
want to see CDX to be success.

…

31 The plaintiff’s apologetic and reassuring tone (“[s]eek your
understanding”, “bear with me”, “[n]o worry”) and his assurances that he would
complete the transaction promptly (“be assured that this transaction is
confirmed”, “it will definitely be sometime these few days”, “slight delay”,
“trust me … I [a]m not going to run away”, “I will update you surely”, “I will
definitely pay off”) showed that he recognised he was in the wrong by
deferring payment. There would have been no need to be apologetic if the
parties had not agreed on when payment ought to be made in the first place.

32 On 19 July 2013 (see [12] above), the plaintiff sent the first defendant a
WhatsApp message saying:

Kelvin. I need your patience as I m waiting for the funds. Actually I m using
mortgage as my alternative collateral and still waiting the doc to come out as
the initial funds my partner doesn’t allow me to withdraw big sum due to going
concern the brunei operation. Please let us target 1st October instead which
is more realistic timing for the cdx. 3rd quarter. I will get an answer soon.
Please please please wait for me. I m shy to u.

33 As before, the plaintiff was so deeply apologetic precisely because he
understood that a further extension of time was contrary to the agreement that
he and the defendants had entered into. In imploring the first defendant to
“wait” and “target 1st October instead”, the plaintiff implicitly acknowledged
that payment was already due. It is reasonable to assume that if there was no
contractual obligation to pay, the plaintiff would have made that clear in
both emails in the face of the first defendant’s request for payment.

Issue 2: Variation of contract

Parties’ correspondence and conduct

34 Before the first defendant could reply to the 19 July 2013 message, the
plaintiff sent another message on 20 July 2013 (see [13] above) proposing to
vary the existing agreement for lump sum payment into payment in three
tranches of $300,000, $300,000 and $228,000. It is important to note that the
defendants replied that the first payment should act as a “down payment
deposit”, and that the shares would be transferred to the plaintiff upon the
second and third payments. The plaintiff replied, “Can and accepted”,
signifying his agreement to vary the original contract on these terms.

35 Counsel for the plaintiff submitted that no agreement arose from the 20
July 2013 WhatsApp messages because they did not set out timelines for the
instalment payments. The plaintiff’s 20 July 2013 message proposed to make the
second payment by September. No timeline was stipulated for the first or third
payments, although the first payment would presumably have to be made before
the second. This prompted the first defendant to ask for a “final letter to
indicate the last payment schedule and time frame”. The Purchase Letter, sent
on 29 July 2013, did not stipulate timelines for the payment of the
instalments, save that it mandated a “full handover” by 31 December 2013 (see
[14] above).

36 However, any uncertainty as to timelines was resolved by 19 August 2013,
when the plaintiff communicated his acceptance of the timelines set out in the
revised Purchase Letter. In response to the first defendant’s request for
updates regarding the Purchase Letter on 19 August 2013, the plaintiff
replied:

I m finalising my trip to Singapore . Don’t anyhow increases price lay….u
think I rich man …I will follow strictly to stick to time line. ..be flexible
no increase la. Will update further to u later today.

I wouldn’t delay. I want fast also.

1st payment ready already.

[emphasis added]

37 The mention of a price increase was a reference to the first defendant’s
message to the plaintiff two weeks prior, in which he pointed out that
property prices had increased and said, “I am sure you don’t want me to
increase my price right.” In saying that he would “follow strictly to stick to
time line”, the plaintiff must have meant the timelines stipulated in revised
Purchase Letter, as no alternative timelines had been proposed by either
party. The timelines for the second and third payments had emanated from the
plaintiff himself: the first defendant had adopted these from the plaintiff’s
20 July 2013 message (see [13] above) and the first draft of the Purchase
Letter (see [14(c)] above) respectively. In the circumstances, it was
reasonable to construe the plaintiff’s assurance that he would “follow
strictly to stick to time line” as an agreement to abide by the timelines
inserted by the first defendant into the Purchase Letter. The contract was
thus varied, not by the Purchase Letter per se (which was never signed), but
by the communications passing between the parties, of which the Purchase
Letter merely formed one part.

38 Moreover, following the first payment of $300,000, the parties continued to
conduct themselves in a manner consistent with their intention to complete the
sale. For instance, they agreed to meet in Singapore around end September and
early October to clear CDX’s quarterly accounts. The plaintiff “promise[d]”
the first defendant that matters “will be settled in October”. On 6 September
2013, the plaintiff assured the first defendant that he planned to make the
second payment by the end of the month, and was even thinking about “jumping
to phase 2 already with the 2nd payment”. That was obviously inconsistent with
his alleged belief that the original contract had not been effectively varied:
if there was no variation, there could be no Phase 2.

39 I also rejected the argument about conditions subsequent. The plaintiff was
unable to show any evidential substratum for such conditions at trial and
conceded that there was “presumably” no agreement as to the conditions
subsequent.

Second defendant’s involvement

40 The plaintiff also submitted that there could be no binding contract
because the second defendant was not a party to the negotiations. He pleaded
that all discussions were only held with the first defendant, and he therefore
“could not be sure of [the second defendant’s] agreement to the terms being
discussed with [the first defendant]”. The second defendant did not give
evidence in the suit.

41 In my view, this submission was unmeritorious. The first defendant had made
it clear in his messages of 19 and 20 July 2013 that he had to discuss the
terms of the sale with his wife, and therefore professed to speak for both
himself and his wife. At no point throughout the parties’ protracted
negotiations did the plaintiff ever question the validity or force of their
agreement on this basis, or ask for proof of the second defendant’s agreement.
Indeed, the plaintiff admitted that he had ample opportunity to ask the second
defendant in person when he met her on 28 June 2013, but did not do so because
he “knew that Mr Yip speaks on behalf of Mrs Yip”. That the first defendant
had authority to contract on both his and the second defendant’s part was
therefore not in issue until the suit.

Issue 3: Whether the $300,000 was forfeitable

42 The contract was repudiated by the plaintiff in his solicitors’ letter of
10 October 2014, which “withdr[ew] and revoke[d] all offers to purchase shares
in CDX”. This repudiation was accepted by the defendants on 11 July 2015.
Although given additional time to complete the sale, the plaintiff declined to
do so. That brings me to the question of whether the defendants were
contractually entitled to forfeit the $300,000 in the event of the plaintiff’s
repudiation of the contract. This was a matter of contractual interpretation.

43 Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor and others and another appeal [2007] 3
SLR(R) 537 (“Lee Chee Wei”) is the seminal local case on deposits. The Court
of Appeal stated at [83]–[84] that:

83 The law relating to deposits in a sale and purchase contract and its
recoverability has been considered in some depth in Triangle Auto Pte Ltd v
Zheng Zi Construction Pte Ltd [2000] 3 SLR(R) 594 which held (at [9]) as
follows:

… A deposit in a sale and purchase contract, if nothing more is said about it,
is a security for damages for breach of contract. If the seller has not
suffered any damage he must return it to the depositor. If, however, the
contract provides that the deposit is to be forfeited to the seller upon
breach by the purchaser, and provided the amount of deposit is customary or
moderate, the seller is entitled to retain it even if he suffered no loss. …

84 The invariable judicial approach to forfeitable deposits at common law is
that the deposit will be forfeited to the payee upon the discharge of the
contract on the default of the payer, irrespective of whether it would have
been deemed part-payment had the contract been completed. The payer cannot
insist on abandoning the contract and yet expect to recover the deposit as
this would enable him to take advantage of his own wrong (Howe v Smith (1884)
27 Ch D 89 at 98). An advance payment, on the other hand, does not fall within
the category of forfeitable deposits and is neither designed nor intended to
secure performance (Lim Lay Bee v Allgreen Properties Ltd [1998] 3 SLR(R) 1028
(“Lim Lay Bee”)). This is underscored by the premise that the vendor is
already amply protected by the recovery of damages he has sustained (Dies v
British and International Mining and Finance Corporation Limited [1939] 1 KB
724).

44 The Court of Appeal also stated at [85] that whether a sum is intended to
be a forfeitable deposit “depends upon the construction of the contract”. In
the absence of any specific provision, the recoverability of the sum:

… hinges on the nature of the payment (ie, whether payment is construed as a
deposit entitling forfeiture upon default, or as an advance payment, which is
returnable) as evinced by the intention of the parties expressed in the
[contract].

45 The agreement to forfeit may be implied as well as express. If the sum was
paid as a deposit, it will normally be implied that it is forfeitable on the
buyer’s default unless the contract as a whole shows an intention to exclude
forfeiture (Damon Compania Naviera SA v Hapag-Lloyd International SA [1985] 1
WLR 435 (“The Blankenstein”) at 450H–451A).

46 In my view, the parties intended the first payment of $300,000 to be a
deposit forfeitable by the defendants in the event that the plaintiff
repudiated the contract as varied. This was evident from the context in which
it was paid, the language which the parties used to denote the payment and the
manner in which they discussed it after the event.

47 The analysis should first start with the reason for the defendants’
insistence on payment of the $300,000. This has to be assessed against the
backdrop of the plaintiff’s difficulty in making payment of the consideration.
The plaintiff could not afford to pay the full $828,000 and had already put
off payment multiple times, all while the property market continued to rise.
He had once before, in 2008 or 2009, shown interest in purchasing CDX,
although this was not taken further (see [5] above). In the circumstances, the
defendants understandably wanted some security for performance and for that
reason stipulated that the first tranche of $300,000 would be a “down payment
deposit”. There must surely be a reason why the defendants specifically chose
this term. The phrase “deposit date” was also inserted by the first defendant
into the Purchase Letter. It was quite clear therefore that the $300,000 was
intended as a deposit to secure performance of the contract. This must also
necessarily mean that the $300,000 would be forfeitable in the event of the
plaintiff’s breach; otherwise the payment of a deposit, no matter how small or
large, would be toothless and incapable of achieving the end for which it was
designed.

48 The plaintiff conceded during cross-examination that the purpose of the
$300,000 payment was “to give confidence to [the first defendant]” that he was
“serious” and “wanted to go through with this transaction”, and also to serve
as “security” for the first defendant. When I asked the plaintiff what he
understood the first defendant’s intentions to be, he said that the deposit
was to show that “you must be serious … before … we talk” and to show
commitment to the transaction. It is obvious to me, and it must have been
obvious to the plaintiff, that the defendants intended the $300,000 to be a
sign of the plaintiff’s commitment to the transaction given the circumstances.
If so, the plaintiff must have also understood that the defendants would
retain the payment if the commitment was not followed through with.

49 This is supported by the defendants’ description of the $300,000 as a “down
payment deposit”. While the use of the word “deposit” is not conclusive, it is
nonetheless significant. The purpose of a deposit is to serve as security for
performance by the purchaser. In Howe v Smith (1884) 27 Ch D 89, the locus
classicus on the law of deposits, Cotton LJ described the nature of the
deposit at 95 as follows:

The deposit, as I understand it … is a guarantee that the contract shall be
performed. If the sale goes on … it goes in part payment of the purchase money
for which it is deposited; but if on the default of the purchaser the contract
goes off, that is to say, if he repudiates the contract, then … he can have no
right to recover the deposit.

Similarly Fry LJ said at 101–102:

… It [ie, the deposit] is not merely a part payment, but is then also an
earnest to bind the bargain so entered into, and creates by the fear of its
forfeiture a motive in the payer to perform the rest of the payment.

…

… [T]he earnest is lost by the party who fails to perform the contract. That
earnest and part payment are two distinct things … [They are] separate acts …
the deposit in the present case is the earnest or arrha of our earlier
writers; that the expression used in the present contract that the money is
paid “as a deposit and in part payment of the purchase-money,” relates to the
two alternatives, and declares that in the event of the purchaser making
default the money is to be forfeited, and that in the event of the purchase
being completed the sum is to be taken in part payment.

This was echoed by Lord MacNaghten in Soper (Pauper) v Arnold and another
(1889) 14 App Cas 429 at 435:

The deposit serves two purposes – if the purchase is carried out it goes
against the purchase money – but its primary purpose is this, it is a
guarantee that the purchaser means business; and if there is a case in which a
deposit is rightly and properly forfeited it is, I think, when a man enters
into a contract to buy real property without taking the trouble to consider
whether he can pay for it or not.

[emphasis added]

50 Indeed, in Stockloser v Johnson [1954] 1 QB 476 (“Stockloser”), Denning LJ
said that if money was expressly paid as a deposit, that was “equivalent to a
forfeiture clause” (at 490). And in the Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal case
of Polyset Ltd v Panhandat Ltd [2002] HKCFA 15 (“Polyset”), it was said at
[66] per Ribeiro PJ that “if, on the true construction of the contract, the
parties intend the advance payment as a deposit, they are taken to have agreed
that it is to be forfeited in the event that the payer fails to complete”.

51 In Lee Chee Wei, the Court of Appeal stated at [86] that “[r]eferences to
the nature of the payment in the contract are essential in construing the
effect and consequences of the payment”. In this case, the first defendant
described the first payment as a “deposit” in his message of 20 July 2013 (at
[13] above), and the plaintiff repeated this term in a WhatsApp message to the
first defendant on 6 September 2013: “1st payment like your wife says is like
deposit.” As experienced businessmen, the plaintiff and the first defendant
were most likely aware of the connotations of the word “deposit”. The
plaintiff in particular was a postgraduate degree holder and a managing
director of two companies. The significance of the use of the term “deposit”
would have been all the more apparent to the plaintiff against the background
of his repeated failure to make prompt payment.

52 This was vindicated by how the plaintiff responded when the first
defendant, frustrated with the plaintiff’s repeated delays, began speaking of
forfeiting the deposit. On 7 January 2014, following a disagreement, the
following WhatsApp messages were exchanged:

Plaintiff: Considering the complexity it will be good perhaps to call off this
deal as it is fair for both of us.

…

First defendant: If you intent to call off this due. I will say thank you for
your deposit.

Plaintiff: Come on. Its [sic] all my saving.

…

First defendant: You have to know, I also invested in other property now. So
how to return you?

Plaintiff: Don’t threaten like this.

Banks already replied me.

53 If the plaintiff genuinely believed that the first payment of $300,000 was
recoverable in the event that the sale did not go through, I would have
expected him to object vehemently to the first defendant’s threat on the basis
that it contradicted the terms of their agreement. That was all the more so
since, according to the plaintiff, they had on several occasions agreed that
the money was refundable. Instead, he merely pleaded with the first defendant
not to forfeit the sum as it represented his savings.

54 Later in the conversation, the first defendant requested the plaintiff to
make the second payment before 15 January 2014, because payment on another of
the first defendant’s properties was falling due and he was in debt. The
plaintiff replied:

Plaintiff: Aiyo please stop. I give u 300k a I already trust u my commitment.

Dont force me anymore kelvin

First defendant: Deposit means confirmed buying. And honest business man know
that deposit cannot be refund and I am already giving you many months for the
2nd payment.

Plaintiff: I am al r e afy [sic] in trouble

I don’t have anymore. I [sic]

[emphasis added]

55 The exchange is telling. First, the plaintiff said that the payment of the
$300,000 was an act of “trust” and “commitment”. This suggested to me that the
plaintiff recognised that the $300,000 was forfeitable if he failed to
complete. After all, if the plaintiff could simply sue for its return, no risk
and therefore no “trust” would have been required. Secondly, when the first
defendant insisted that honest businessmen know that deposits are non-
refundable, the plaintiff did not deny this. He simply pleaded that he was
already in trouble and had no more money.

56 On 3 June 2014, after yet further delays, the first defendant sent the
following email to the plaintiff:

Hi Lawrence,

… [M]y notes to you for the sales of CDX Singapore Pte Ltd will still stand
till end of June 2014, thereafter end of June 2014, the sales will be void and
your deposit will not be refundable as I had been holding on to it for you for
more than a year now. Not forgetting, I had informed you that I required to
have at least 2 weeks to go through the draft and commends [sic] / amend. If
the draft still cannot be ready within 3 working days as from today, I don’t
think so that your purchase agreement can get through by end of June 2014 and
please do not blame me for calling off the sales due and the deposit is non
refundable.

…

[emphasis added]

57 The plaintiff’s reply on 8 June 2014 was brief: “Hi Lawrence, Appreciated
for your replies. Best regards, Kelvin”. There was no hint that the plaintiff
was shocked by or took issue with the plaintiff’s assertion that the deposit
was non-refundable.

58 For these reasons it seems clear that the $300,000 was intended to be a
deposit and understood to be forfeitable in the event of the plaintiff’s
default.

Issue 4: Whether the penalty rule applies

59 The plaintiff contended that notwithstanding the terms of the contract, the
$300,000 could not be forfeited by reason of being a penalty. This raised the
interesting question of whether the penalty rule applies to contractual
deposits.

60 The penalty rule, as it is understood and applied in Singapore, is based on
the principles articulated by Lord Dunedin in the House of Lords decision of
Dunlop Pneumatic Tyre Co Ltd v New Garage and Motor Co Ltd [1915] AC 79
(“Dunlop”) and endorsed by the Privy Council in Philips Hong Kong Ltd v The
Attorney-General of Hong Kong (1993) 61 BLR 49. These principles have been
repeatedly adopted in local decisions: see, for example, Hong Leong Finance
Ltd v Tan Gin Huay and another [1999] 1 SLR(R) 755 (“Hong Leong Finance”) at
[18], Beihai Zingong Property Development Co and another v Ng Choon Meng
[1999] 1 SLR(R) 527 at [14] and Overseas Union Enterprise Ltd v Three Sixty
Degree Pte Ltd and another suit [2013] 3 SLR 1 at [116]. Most recently, the
Court of Appeal in Xia Zhengyan v Geng Changqing [2015] 3 SLR 732 affirmed at
[78] that the penalty rule “is still basically embodied” in Lord Dunedin’s
formulation of the rule, as well as the four tests of construction that he set
out, in Dunlop at 86–88.

61 Thus conceptualised, the penalty rule restricts what the parties may agree
on as compensation for breach of contract in place of what would otherwise be
awarded as common law damages, applying the principles in Hadley v Baxendale
(1854) 9 Exch 341. In particular, “[t]he essence of a penalty is a payment of
money stipulated as in terrorem of the offending party; the essence of
liquidated damages is a genuine covenanted pre-estimate of damage” (Dunlop at
86). The question is whether the function of the provision is “penal or
compensatory” (Hong Leong Finance at [27]). A sum that is not a genuine pre-
estimate of loss is necessarily a penalty. Thus a sum will be held to be a
penalty if it is “extravagant and unconscionable in amount in comparison with
the greatest loss that could conceivably be proved to have followed from the
breach”, or if “the breach consists only in not paying a sum of money, and the
sum stipulated is a sum greater than the sum which ought to have been paid”
(Hong Leong Finance at [18]). It will be presumed a penalty when a single lump
sum is made payable by way of compensation on the occurrence of one or more or
all of several events, some of which may occasion serious and others but
trifling damage.

62 Recently, the penalty rule, while still accepted as relevant, underwent
significant reformulation in the UK (see Cavendish Square Holding BV v
Makdessi and another appeal [2016] AC 1172 (“Cavendish”)). However, Cavendish
has yet to be accepted in Singapore and I remain bound by the Court of
Appeal’s endorsements of the conception of the penalty rule propounded in
Dunlop. I discuss Cavendish further at [114] below.

63 I will first address the local decisions which the parties brought to my
attention, including cases which the plaintiff said were binding authority for
the proposition that contractual deposits are subject to the penalty rule
([64]–[86] below). I will then examine important foreign decisions on the
subject ([87]–[122] below) before setting out my analysis and conclusions
([123]–[144] below).

Local authorities

Indian Overseas Bank v Cheng Lai Geok [1993] 1 SLR(R) 32 (“Indian Overseas
Bank (CA)”)

64 The appellant was a bank that had auctioned off four properties to the
respondent at the price of $2.6m. The sale was subject to special and general
conditions. Clause 1 of the special conditions required the respondent to pay
a deposit of 25% of the purchase price (ie, $650,000) to the auctioneers as
agents for the appellants. The respondent accordingly handed a cheque for
$650,000 to the auctioneers the very day that he won the bid. Completion was
slated for 2 August 1981 but on 3 July 1981, the respondent countermanded
payment of the cheque and informed the appellant that he had decided not to
proceed with the purchase. The respondent thereafter failed to complete the
purchase on 2 August. The appellant instituted proceedings seeking, inter
alia, a declaration that it was entitled to the deposit of $650,000, and
payment of the same.

65 At first instance, the High Court refused this. The Court held that it
would be “inequitable and unconscionable to allow the plaintiffs to forfeit
the said sum of $650,000” because it was “in effect a penalty” and not a
genuine pre-estimate of the loss suffered (Indian Overseas Bank v Cheng Lai
Geok [1991] 2 SLR(R) 574 (“Indian Overseas Bank (HC)”) at [75]). Denning LJ’s
remarks in Stockloser at 489–490 were cited (see Indian Overseas Bank (HC) at
[76]):

It seems to me that the cases show the law to be this: … [W]hen there is a
forfeiture clause or the money is expressly paid as a deposit (which is
equivalent to a forfeiture clause), then the buyer who is in default cannot
recover the money at law at all. He may, however, have a remedy in equity,
for, despite the express stipulation in the contract, equity can relieve the
buyer from forfeiture of the money and order the seller to repay it on such
terms as the court thinks fit. …

The difficulty is to know what are the circumstances which give rise to this
equity ... Two things are necessary: first, the forfeiture clause must be of a
penal nature, in this sense, that the sum forfeited must be out of all
proportion to the damage, and, secondly, it must be unconscionable for the
seller to retain the money. …

[emphasis in original]

66 The Court of Appeal allowed the appeal, disagreeing that the 25% deposit
amounted to a penalty on the facts. It ordered the respondent to pay the
appellants the sum of $650,000. The Court of Appeal did not mention
Stockloser. The relevance of Indian Overseas Bank (CA) to the present suit
lies in the Court of Appeal’s apparent acceptance of the proposition that the
penalty rule applies to deposits, at [32]:

Another argument which was raised by the respondent and which was upheld by
the court below was that the deposit amounted to a penalty and thus should not
be recoverable. … The question whether a sum stipulated is a penalty or
liquidated damages is a question to be decided upon the terms and inherent
circumstances of each particular contract, judged of as at the time of the
making of the contract, not at the time of the breach: see Dunlop Pneumatic
Tyre Co Ltd v New Garage and Motor Co Ltd [1915] AC 79 at 86–87. … In the
instant case, there was simply no evidence to show what could have been the
greatest loss that could be caused to the appellants if the respondent failed
to proceed with the purchase. … There is no evidence before us at all to show
the sort of range within which bids at auction do fluctuate. In the
circumstances, there is no basis for the court below to find that the 25%
deposit is a penalty.

67 It appears to me, however, that the Court of Appeal did not decide the
applicability of the penalty rule to contractual deposits as a matter of
ratio. It simply assumed that the rule applied, without considering the basis,
and observed that there was no evidence to support a finding that the deposit
was a penalty. The Court of Appeal did not cite any authorities on this point.
Moreover, the Court did not order return of the sum on the basis that it was a
penalty: rather the Court determined that the sum was not a penalty. Whether
or not the penalty rule applied to contractual deposits therefore had no real
bearing on the outcome of the case.

Hua Khian Co (Pte) Ltd v Lee Eng Kiat [1996] 2 SLR(R) 562 (“Hua Khian Co”)

68 The appellant and respondent entered into a sale and purchase agreement for
a property which was slated for completion on 28 March 1992. A deposit of
$96,500, representing 10% of the purchase price, was paid to the respondent.
Clause 10(a) of the agreement provided that if the Urban Redevelopment
Authority (“URA”)’s approval for the construction of a pair of three-storey
semi-detached houses was not obtained, the agreement would be “null and void”.
Clause 10(b) further provided that in such an event, the appellant’s deposit
would not be returned unless the appellant complied with certain conditions.
On 25 March 1992, URA informed the appellant that approval was only granted
for two-storey (rather than three-storey) houses. The appellant sought an
extension of time from the respondent to complete, pending an appeal against
URA’s decision. The respondent refused and gave the appellant 21 days’ notice
on 28 March 1992 to complete the sale. The appellant took the position that
completion could not take place due to the lack of URA’s approval for three-
storey houses, and demanded the return of the deposit. The appellant commenced
an action against the respondent claiming damages for breach of contract or
the refund of the deposit.

69 At first instance, the High Court found that the respondent vendor was
entitled to forfeit the deposit. In dismissing the purchaser’s argument that
forfeiture of the deposit amounted to a penalty, the High Court stated (Hua
Khian Co (Pte) Ltd v Lee Eng Kiat [1995] SGHC 252):

…

The short answer to that contention is that 10% of the price of a property is
the standard deposit paid by purchasers in Singapore upon signing of the
contract; forfeiting it cannot be said to be a penalty or unconscionable (see
Indian Overseas Bank v Cheng Lai Geok [1993] 1 SLR 470 and Workers Trust v
Dojap Investments Ltd [1993] 2 AER 370). I accept that our courts can grant
relief against forfeiture (see Pacific Rim Investments Pte Ltd v Lam Seng
Tiong & Anor [1995] 3 SLR 1). However ... in order to invoke successfully the
courts’ jurisdiction, the circumstances of the case must reveal elements of
unconscionability and injustice (per LP Thean JA at p 23). The circumstances
of this case do not warrant granting to the plaintiffs relief against
forfeiture bearing in mind that they rejected the defendant’s demand for
interest in the event of their late completion.

…

70 The Court of Appeal allowed the appeal on the ground that the appellant had
complied with the conditions for return of the deposit in cl 10(b) of the
contract, and the respondent was hence obliged to refund the deposit. It made
no mention of the penalty argument save to acknowledge, at [16], the High
Court’s finding that the deposit was not a penalty.

71 Whether the penalty rule applied to a contractual deposit did not arise for
decision in light of the Court of Appeal’s finding that the terms of the
contract did not permit forfeiture of the deposit. The question was not
considered in any depth by the Court of Appeal, and did not form part of the
ratio of its decision. The High Court did not cite any authorities for the
view that the penalty rule applies to contractual deposits.

Zalco Marine Services Pte Ltd v Humboldt Shipping Co Ltd [1998] 2 SLR(R) 195
(“Zalco”)

72 In Zalco, the appellant was interested in purchasing a ship from the
respondent. The appellant and respondent were to negotiate the terms of the
sale, following which they would sign an amended standard form memorandum of
agreement reflecting the negotiated terms, and then perform the contract
accordingly. However, after considerable negotiations by their respective
brokers, the appellant aborted the sale and no memorandum was signed. The
respondent sued the appellant for failing to complete the sale. The main issue
was whether there was a binding contract between the parties. If there was, a
secondary question arose of whether the respondent was entitled to claim, as
compensation for the appellant’s breach, the amount of a 10% deposit that
would have had to be paid under the contract (but which was not paid). Clause
13 of the memorandum provided that, should the deposit not be paid, the
sellers would have the right to cancel the contract and would be “entitled to
claim compensation for their losses”. It further stated that in the event the
buyers did not pay the purchase money, the sellers had the right to cancel the
contract, “in which case the amount deposited together with interest earned,
if any, shall be forfeited to the sellers”.

73 At first instance, the High Court held that there was a binding contract
between the parties, and that the respondent was entitled to sue for damages,
including the unpaid deposit. The Court of Appeal agreed with the High Court
that a binding contract had been concluded, but disagreed that the respondent
was entitled to the unpaid deposit in its claim for damages. On a proper
construction of the contract, payment of the deposit only fell due three
banking days from fax copies of the memorandum being signed. As the deposit
was not yet due, the respondent was not entitled to sue for the deposit. Its
damages would be assessed based on the usual compensatory principles.

74 Whether forfeiture of the deposit was a penalty did not arise for decision
given the Court of Appeal’s finding that the respondent was not entitled to
sue for the deposit under the terms of the contract. Zalco’s only relevance to
the present suit consists in a remark by the Court of Appeal at [42]. Having
cited [31] of Indian Overseas Bank (CA), the Court stated:

[F]orfeiture of the deposit as part of damages was permissible [in Indian
Overseas Bank] because it seems to us to be implied that the parties had
agreed that an amount in the sum of the deposit might be forfeited upon breach
of a fundamental term of the contract. And failure to pay the deposit was in
itself such a breach. Therefore, the deposit was recoverable as damages, the
only prohibition being that the amount to be forfeited must not be in the
nature of a penalty. This was why Chao Hick Tin J went on to confirm the
nature of the deposit and its forfeiture as a form of liquidated damages and
found that, in the case, the forfeiture of the deposit did not amount to a
penalty.

[emphasis added]

75 That is all that was said on the subject of whether the penalty rule could
apply to a deposit. Like in Indian Overseas Bank (CA), the Court of Appeal was
content to assume that the penalty rule applied to deposits without
questioning whether that was indeed the case. No authorities were cited for
that proposition and it was not part of the Court’s reasoning in coming to its
decision.

Triangle Auto Pte Ltd v Zheng Zi Construction Pte Ltd [2000] 3 SLR(R) 594
(“Triangle Auto”)

76 The plaintiff relied on Triangle Auto for the proposition that the penalty
rule applied to deposits. In Triangle Auto, the plaintiff seller was a dealer
in motor vehicles who entered into a sale and purchase agreement with the
defendant buyer. The contract provided for the payment of a $3,000 deposit (4%
of the purchase price). Clause 3 of the Terms and Conditions stated that if
the purchaser failed to take and pay for the goods within 14 days of being
notified that they had been completed for delivery, the plaintiff was at
liberty to forfeit the deposit. Clause 5 stated, “Deposits are not refundable,
in the event of cancellation by the purchaser/hirer.” The defendant
subsequently repudiated the contract by cancelling its order for the motor
vehicle. The repudiation was accepted by the plaintiff, who forfeited the
deposit. The question which arose on appeal was whether the plaintiff could
sue to recover additional damages over and above the sum forfeited.

77 G P Selvam J, who heard the appeal, held that the plaintiff could sue for
additional damages. He stated at [9]:

… A deposit in a sale and purchase contract, if nothing more is said about it,
is a security for damages for breach of contract. If the seller has not
suffered any damage he must return it to the depositor. If, however, the
contract provides that the deposit is to be forfeited to the seller upon
breach by the purchaser, and provided the amount of deposit is customary or
moderate, the seller is entitled to retain it even if he suffered no loss. The
deposit is considered as earnest money. If his damages are greater he is
entitled to recover the shortfall. This concept differs radically from the
concept of liquidated damages. The two concepts are governed by separate legal
constructs.

[emphasis added]

78 Selvam J thus took the view that a deposit would only be forfeitable upon
breach of contract if the contract provided so, and if it was “customary or
moderate”. In that case, the deposit would be “earnest money”, and the
plaintiff would be entitled to sue for damages exceeding the amount of the
deposit, subject to credit being given for the deposit (unlike liquidated
damages, which preclude a claim for additional loss for that breach on the
basis that they are a genuine pre-estimate of loss).

79 Selvam J referred to three Privy Council decisions which I will come to
later – Mayson v Clouet [1924] AC 980 (“Mayson”), Linggi Plantations Ltd v
Jagatheesan [1972] 1 MLJ 89 (“Linggi”) and Workers Trust & Merchant Bank Ltd v
Dojap Investments Ltd [1993] AC 573 (“Workers Trust”) – for the following
propositions of law (at [12]):

[These] cases sealed the propositions of the law: the law relating to deposits
in a sale and purchase contract differs from that governing liquidated
damages. A reasonable deposit is regarded as earnest money given to guarantee
the due performance of the contract and is not regarded as a penalty in
English law or common English usage. The defaulting purchaser is not entitled
at law or in equity to relief against forfeiture. Equitable relief applies
only to penalty that is to say excessive liquidated damages. If the deposit
amount is excessive it will also be caught by the law of penalty. … The magic
number of 10% of the price has been regarded as a reasonable deposit in sale
and purchase of immovable property and it is intended to encourage
performance.

[emphasis added]

80 Applying the three Privy Council decisions, Selvam J concluded that the
$3,000 was “a deposit with no right of refund” and “earnest money to ensure
performance”. He observed that the figure “was eminently reasonable”. The
$3,000 was therefore forfeitable (at [16]).

81 On a proper reading, I do not think that Triangle Auto says that the
penalty rule applies to deposits. I understand the judgment to mean that a sum
which is excessive is not a true deposit in the sense of being earnest money,
because it is neither customary nor moderate. If it was a true deposit, the
penalty rule would not apply. If it was not a true deposit, the right to
forfeit would be subject to the penalty rule. This, as will be seen, is
supported by the Privy Council authorities that he cited. Indeed, Selvam J
took pains to emphasise that the law relating to deposits differs from that
governing liquidated damages in the passage I excerpted above. He noted that
they came from different legal constructs. He further elaborated the
differences between a forfeitable deposit and liquidated damages at [14]:

A deposit with a forfeiture right is vastly different from liquidated damages.
… Liquidated damages are agreed damages. The purpose here is to avoid
difficulties relating to proof of actual loss. Subject to the law of penalty
and exemption clause neither party may depart from the agreement. The contract
breaker is barred from asserting that the seller suffered no loss or his loss
is much less than what was agreed. The innocent party cannot ignore the
liquidated damages clause and seek greater damages. … More importantly, unlike
liquidated damages, a deposit with a right of forfeiture is a right in rem.
The buyer places the money or its equivalent in the power and possession of
the seller. Upon breach by the buyer, the deposit is transformed into the
property of the seller by operation of the forfeiture clause. Liquidated
damages constitute a chose in action; nothing is deposited with the innocent
party.

82 Selvam J’s careful analysis of these differences undermines any suggestion
that he intended to graft the penalty rule onto the law of deposits wholesale.
The plaintiff was therefore wrong to rely on Triangle Auto as authority for
the proposition that deposits are subject to the penalty rule.

Other local decisions

83 For completeness, I note that the District Court decision in Creek Bridge
General Trading Co LLC v Cresdev Marketing Pte Ltd [2012] SGDC 113 (“Creek
Bridge”) adopts the view that the penalty rule applies to deposits. The
district judge noted that the “conventional position” was that “advance
payments that are properly characterised as deposits are not subject to the
penalty rules” (at [42]). However, she then went on to examine Indian Overseas
Bank (CA) and Zalco and concluded at [48] that “the forfeiture of the deposits
would not have been allowed had the court found them to be penalties on the
facts of the respective cases”. The appeal in Creek Bridge was heard and
dismissed by the High Court without written grounds.

84 The High Court decision of Allgreen Properties Ltd v Lim Lay Bee and
another (administrators of the estate of Loh Siok Hong, deceased) [1998] 1
SLR(R) 703 also contemplated that the penalty rule might apply to deposits,
but the Court of Appeal did not take up this aspect of the decision. The High
Court addressed the question, which was “not fully argued”, of whether the
test distinguishing a penalty from liquidated damages could apply to provide
relief against forfeiture of a deposit. The High Court stated at [12]:

English authorities have not equated the two categories of clauses, but the
Privy Council had in Worker’s Trust & Merchant Bank Ltd v Dojab Investments
Ltd [1993] AC 573, suggests [sic] that the law relating to penalty clauses
apply also to forfeiture clauses. That case held that a deposit was
unreasonable and thus recoverable by the contract breaker.

85 The High Court did not go so far as to hold that the penalty rule applied
to contractual deposits, finding it sufficient to say that the deposit was not
so extravagant as to constitute a penalty “even if the test relating to
penalty clauses is applied to forfeiture clauses” [emphasis added] (at [14]).
On appeal, the Court of Appeal took the view that the so-called deposit was in
fact a part payment (Lim Lay Bee and another v Allgreen Properties Ltd [1998]
3 SLR(R) 1028 (“Lim Lay Bee (CA)”) at [27]). It did not say anything about the
penalty rule.

86 In the circumstances, there was no binding authority on whether the penalty
rule applies to deposits. I turn now to the Privy Council authorities.

Privy Council authorities

Mayson v Clouet [1924] AC 980

87 The facts were as follows. The respondents, who were owners of premises in
Singapore, entered into an agreement with a purchaser for the sale of the
same. The contract provided a sale price of $250,000, to be paid in four
tranches: a $25,000 deposit “immediately after the signing of this agreement”,
a second sum amounting to 10% of the balance to be paid within three months of
the agreement, a third sum of 10% of the subsequent balance to be paid within
six months of the agreement, and the balance to be paid within 10 days of the
certificate of completion. Clause 13 of the contract stated:

If the purchaser shall neglect or fail to comply with the above conditions his
deposit may be treated as forfeited and the vendor shall be at liberty with or
without notice, and notwithstanding any pending negotiation proceeding or
litigation to re-sell the property either by public auction or private
contract at such time and under such conditions as he may deem proper and all
expenses attending any such re-sale or attempted re-sale and any deficiency in
the price obtained on a re-sale shall immediately thereafter be made good and
paid to the vendor by the purchaser and shall be recoverable by the vendor as
liquidated damages.

[emphasis added]

88 The purchaser paid the deposit and the two 10% instalments in due course,
but refused to complete within 10 days of the certificate of completion (4
November 1920). On 14 December, the vendors wrote to the purchaser requiring
completion by 31 December on pain of forfeiture of the deposit, stating that
“in this respect time is made of the essence of the contract”. On 31 December,
the purchaser not having completed, the vendors wrote to say that they
considered the deposits forfeited. The purchaser then died and his executors
sued for return of the instalments (they accepted that the $25,000 deposit
must remain with the vendors as forfeited). The vendors, on the other hand,
contended that the instalments were in fact additional deposits.

89 At first instance, Sir Walter Shaw CJ found that the instalments were not
additional deposits, but that the plaintiff could not recover because he was
himself in breach of contract. The matter was eventually appealed to the Privy
Council, which found that the instalments were proper instalments and not
additional deposits. Whether they could be recovered depended on the terms of
the contract. In this regard, their Lordships referred to Howe v Smith, which
distinguished between a part payment (which would have to be returned) and a
deposit (which, being of the nature of a guarantee that the contract should be
performed, need not be returned if the other party defaulted). Turning to the
present case, their Lordships observed (at 987):

[The contract] specially distinguishes in terms between deposit and
instalments. It then specially deals in clause 13 with what is to happen if
the purchaser is in default. The deposit is forfeited, and that is all. It
would seem to their Lordships quite clear that the instalments are not to be
forfeited. The truth is that the defendants’ contention really amounts to a
claim to keep the instalments as liquidated damages for the breach of contract
for which they are entitled to sue. This was the proceeding unsuccessfully
attempted in the case of Harrison v Holland and Hannen and Cubitts Limited
[[1922] 1 KB 211].

90 Their Lordships thus allowed the appeal and ordered return of the
instalments. Aside from the brief remark that retention of the instalments
would be akin to liquidated damages, there was no allusion to the law of
penalties.

Linggi Plantations Ltd v Jagatheesan [1972] 1 MLJ 89

91 The appellant was the vendor of an estate. It sold the land at a price of
$3,775,000 to the respondent by a contract of sale dated 25 May 1962. The
contract provided for the initial payment of $377,500 “by way of deposit and
part payment”, and further stated at cl 5 that if the purchase was not
completed “due to any act or default of the purchaser”, the vendor was
entitled to terminate the agreement, in which case “the sum of $377,500 …
shall be forfeited to the vendor to account of damages for breach of
contract”. The purchaser did not complete. The vendor gave notice on 27 August
1962 that the contract was at an end and purported to forfeit the deposit
under the above clause. The purchaser sued for return of the deposit.

92 The purchaser argued that the vendor was not entitled to forfeit the
deposit because it had suffered no damage as a result of the purchaser’s
default. The Privy Council took the view that “the first point to be
considered in deciding the case is the construction of the agreement itself”
(at 91E). Their Lordships interpreted cl 5 to mean that the vendors were
entitled to forfeit the deposit upon the purchaser’s failure to complete. The
last phrase “to account of damages for breach of contract”, while “a little
unusual”, meant simply that “the ordinary law applying to forfeiture of
deposit which defines the consequences of the forfeiture of a deposit shall
apply” (at 91H). In other words,

[T]he contract means unambiguously that in the event of a failure by the
purchaser to complete and notice to terminate being given under clause 5, the
vendor is at liberty to forfeit the deposit and to claim for any damage which
he has suffered over and above the amount of the deposit, after giving credit
for the amount of the deposit.

93 The Privy Council also considered whether the penalty rule was applicable.
Their Lordships emphasised the difference in pedigree between the law of
deposits and the penalty rule. Lord Hailsham LC (giving the advice of the
Board) stated at 91B–F:

It needs to be pointed out that the law relating to the forfeiture of deposits
has always been treated as entirely distinct and separate from the learning
introduced into English law by the distinction between liquidated damages
based on a genuine pre-estimate of the loss likely to be suffered in event of
a breach and a penalty where equity came to the rescue of the obligee on a
bond or other contractual provision imposing a penalty under a contract where
the penalty exceeded the actual damage. The latter combination of rules
derives from the Chancellor’s jurisdiction in equity to relieve an obligee
from the harshness of the common law. But the law relating to deposits, as Fry
L.J. pointed out in Howe v. Smith, has a much longer pedigree, being imported
from the civil law at least as early as Bracton, and, assuming the deposit or
earnest to be reasonable, forfeiture of a deposit was not normally the subject
of equitable relief. This appears clearly from the judgment of Jessel M.R. in
Wallis v. Smith at page 258 when he said:

I come now to the last class of cases. There is a class of cases relating to
deposits. Where a deposit is to be forfeited for the breach of a number of
stipulations, some of which may be trifling, some of which may be for the
payment of money on a given day, in all those cases the judges have held that
this rule (that is the rule relating to relief against penalty) does not
apply, and that the bargain of the parties is to be carried out.

It is also implicit in the decision in Howe v. Smith which is the source of
all modern learning as to the nature of deposits, and it has been followed
again and again ever since. In particular Lord Dunedin in Mayson v. Clouet
establishes the fundamental difference between part payments which are
recoverable in certain circumstances and deposits which are not.

[emphasis added]

94 Lord Hailsham LC concluded in an important passage at 94E–G:

No doubt, as Cotton L.J. says in Howe v. Smith at page 95, there may be cases
when equity would relieve a purchaser who has paid a deposit and then
defaulted, although it is to be said that the last word is probably not yet
spoken on this subject. See Stockloser v. Johnson. It is also no doubt
possible that in a particular contract the parties may use language normally
appropriate to deposits properly so-called and even to forfeiture which turned
out on investigation to be purely colourable and that in such a case the real
nature of the transaction might turn out to be the imposition of a penalty, by
purporting to render forfeit something which is in truth part payment. This no
doubt explains why in some cases the irrecoverable nature of a deposit is
qualified by the insertion of the adjective “reasonable” before the noun. But
the truth is that a reasonable deposit has always been regarded as a guarantee
of performance as well as a payment on account, and its forfeiture has never
been regarded as a penalty in English law or common English usage.

[emphasis added]

95 Lord Hailsham LC identified two bases on which a purchaser could seek to
recover a sum paid as a deposit. The first, the court’s equitable jurisdiction
to relieve against forfeiture, was suggested obiter in Stockloser. In that
case, Denning and Somervell LJJ had taken the view that the court had
equitable jurisdiction to relieve a buyer from the forfeiture of sums paid as
instalments, notwithstanding that the contract expressly provided for
forfeiture upon the purchaser’s default. Romer LJ, on the other hand, took the
view that there was no general right in equity to mend the parties’ bargain,
and even if there was jurisdiction to relieve from forfeiture, that could only
take the form of granting the purchaser more time to perform the contract, as
opposed to ordering a return of the money. But Lord Hailsham LC declined to
take Stockloser further. He relied instead on a second basis, which has since
been described as “common law recharacterisation” (Yeo Tiong Min, “Deposits:
At the Intersection of Contract, Restitution, Equity and Statute”, Sixth Yong
Pung How Professorship of Law Lecture, Singapore (16 May 2013) (“Yeo”) at
paras 16–21). This approach starts from the concern that what is described as
a “deposit” in a contract may, on investigation, turn out to be an advance or
part payment in substance rather than a deposit in the legal sense. The
purported deposit is then recharacterised as a part payment to reflect its
true character. To guard against forfeiture of such sums, some courts had
taken to stating that only “reasonable” deposits could be forfeited. But the
true principle was that a sum would only be a deposit in the legal sense – and
thus by definition liable to forfeiture – if it was “reasonable”, or customary
or moderate, to begin with. A distinction should be drawn between a sum which
was described as a deposit but which was “in truth part payment”, and “a
reasonable deposit”. The forfeiture of a reasonable deposit could not be
regarded as a penalty. These propositions were resoundingly affirmed twenty
years later in Workers Trust.

Workers Trust & Merchant Bank Ltd v Dojap Investments Ltd [1993] AC 573

96 The facts were as follows. Workers Trust & Merchant Bank Ltd (a second
mortgagee and the appellant) sold certain premises at an auction to Dojap
Investments Ltd (the respondent) at a price of 11,500,000 Jamaican dollars.
Clause 4 of the contract provided for the payment of a deposit of 25% of the
contract price. A deposit of 2,875,000 Jamaican dollars was duly paid by the
purchaser to the bank’s solicitors. The contract provided that the remainder
of the purchase money should be paid within 14 days of the date of the
auction. Clause 15 of the contract provided that time should be of the essence
of all time limits contained in the contract. Clause 13 of the contract
provided that if the purchaser should “fail to observe or comply with any of
the foregoing stipulation on his part his deposit shall be forfeited to the
vendor” [emphasis added], who would be at liberty to resell the property.

97 On the date of completion, the respondent’s attorney sent the appellant a
letter of undertaking from the Jamaica Citizens Bank Ltd to pay the balance of
the purchase price subject to certain conditions. The appellant’s attorney
rejected this and gave the respondent 24 hours to provide a satisfactory
undertaking. The respondent attempted to do so the next day but the appellant
again rejected it. Three days later, the appellant wrote to the respondent
rescinding the contract and purporting to forfeit the deposit. The respondent
refused to accept this and three days thereafter tendered to the appellant the
balance of the purchase price with interest. The appellant returned the cheque
the next day. The respondent then commenced proceedings claiming specific
performance or, alternatively, relief from forfeiture of the deposit. It
subsequently abandoned the claim for specific performance.

98 The matter was appealed to the Privy Council. Lord Browne-Wilkinson, giving
the advice of the Board, stated at 578E–F:

In general, a contractual provision which requires one party in the event of
his breach of the contract to pay or forfeit a sum of money to the other party
is unlawful as being a penalty, unless such provision can be justified as
being a payment of liquidated damages being a genuine pre-estimate of the loss
which the innocent party will incur by reason of the breach. One exception to
this general rule is the provision for the payment of a deposit by the
purchaser on a contract for the sale of land. Ancient law has established that
the forfeiture of such a deposit (customarily 10 per cent. of the contract
price) does not fall within the general rule and can be validly forfeited even
though the amount of the deposit bears no reference to the anticipated loss to
the vendor flowing from the breach of contract.

[emphasis added]

In other words, a deposit was forfeitable notwithstanding that it exceeded the
amount of loss actually arising or anticipated to arise from breach.

99 Lord Browne-Wilkinson went on to explain the different pedigrees of the
penalty rule and the law of deposits at 578G–579A:

… The special treatment afforded to such a deposit derives from the ancient
custom of providing an earnest for the performance of a contract in the form
of giving either some physical token of earnest (such as a ring) or earnest
money. The history of the law of deposits can be traced to the Roman law of
arra, and possibly further back still: see Howe v. Smith … 101–102, per Fry
L.J. Ever since the decision in Howe v. Smith, the nature of such a deposit
has been settled in English law. Even in the absence of express contractual
provision, it is an earnest for the performance of the contract: in the event
of completion of the contract the deposit is applicable towards payment of the
purchase price; in the event of the purchaser’s failure to complete in
accordance with the terms of the contract, the deposit is forfeit, equity
having no power to relieve against such forfeiture.

[emphasis added]

100 Nevertheless, the Privy Council noted that the parties’ designation of a
sum as a “deposit” could not be conclusive. Lord Browne-Wilkinson stated at
579A–B:

[T]he special treatment afforded to deposits is plainly capable of being
abused if the parties to a contract, by attaching the label “deposit” to any
penalty, could escape the general rule which renders penalties unenforceable.

He then cited Denning LJ’s remarks in Stockloser at 491:

[S]uppose that a vendor of property, in lieu of the usual 10 per cent deposit,
stipulates for an initial payment of 50 per cent of the price as a deposit and
part payment; and later, when the purchaser fails to complete, the vendor
resells the property at a profit and in addition claims to forfeit the 50 per
cent deposit. Surely the court will relieve against the forfeiture. The vendor
cannot forestall this equity by describing an extravagant sum as a deposit,
any more than he can recover a penalty by calling it liquidated damages.

101 This echoed the concern of the Privy Council in Linggi (see [94] above)
that the contracting parties could escape the penalty rule by attaching the
label “deposit” to any sum, no matter how extortionate. This naturally invited
the question of what test a court should employ to determine if the sum was
truly a deposit or not. In this regard, Lord Browne-Wilkinson cited Lord
Hailsham LC’s dictum on reasonableness in Linggi (see [94] above). He
continued at 579G–H:

In the view of their Lordships these passages accurately reflect the law. It
is not possible for the parties to attach the incidents of a deposit to the
payment of a sum of money unless such sum is reasonable as earnest money. The
question therefore is whether or not the deposit of 25 per cent. in this case
was reasonable as being line with the traditional concept of earnest money or
was in truth a penalty intended to act in terrorem.

102 At first instance, Zacca CJ had tested the “reasonableness” of the sum
against the common practice of Jamaican banks to demand deposits from 15% to
50% when auctioning property. He held that since the 25% deposit fell within
this range, it was reasonable. The Privy Council rejected this reasoning at
580A–B: “To allow the test of reasonableness to depend upon the practice of
one class of vendor, which exercises considerable financial muscle, would be
to allow them to evade the law against penalties by adopting practices of
their own.”

103 Their Lordships took the view that the starting point was that a deposit
was customarily 10%, and a vendor who sought a larger amount “must show
special circumstances which justify such a deposit” (at 580C).

104 A 10% deposit used to be the norm in Jamaica. However, the Transfer Tax
Act 1971 had introduced a 7.5% transfer tax on a transfer of land on sale.
This tax had to be paid within 30 days of the date of contract, failing which
interest would be payable by the vendor. In practice, vendors increased the
contractual deposit to at least 17.5% of the purchase price to ensure that the
transfer tax would be promptly paid. That was why the bank had imposed a 25%
deposit in this case. However, the Privy Council noted that there was strictly
no need for the bank to insist on a deposit inclusive of the transfer tax in
this case because completion was supposed to take place within 14 days of the
contract and before payment of the transfer tax was due. In any event, that
was an illegitimate basis to fix the deposit (at 581C):

[F]ar from the amount of the deposit having been fixed upon as a reasonable
amount of earnest, the amount was substantially influenced by fiscal
considerations having nothing to do with encouragement to perform the
contract.

105 The appellant also submitted that the amount of the deposit was fixed by
reference to the payments which would have had to be made on completion, ie,
tax, stamp duty, auction costs and auctioneer’s commission. But the amount of
deposit far exceeded the maximum out-of-pocket expenses which would have
attended completion. The bank therefore “[fell] far short of showing that it
was reasonable to stipulate for a forfeitable deposit of 25 per cent” (at
581E).

106 In the circumstances, the Privy Council took the view that the sum of
2,875,000 Jamaican dollars was not a “true deposit by way of earnest” and the
provision for its forfeiture was “a plain penalty” (at 582D). The Privy
Council ordered repayment of the whole sum with interest.

107 The following propositions emerge from their Lordships’ analysis:

(a) Whether a sum required to be paid as a contractual deposit is subject to
the penalty rule depends on whether it is properly characterised as a true
deposit or not.

(b) To determine this, the court must consider whether the quantum of the sum
is “reasonable” as an earnest in the circumstances. In other words, is the
deposit customary or moderate? The former may be determined with reference to
the standard or customary rate for deposits for that particular type of
transaction, with the onus on the vendor to show that there are special
circumstances justifying a deposit higher than that rate. If the sum is
reasonable as an earnest, it is a true deposit and hence forfeitable. That the
deposit does not correspond to the anticipated loss or actual loss is not
relevant.

(c) If the sum is not reasonable as an earnest, it is not a true deposit. In
that case, forfeiture is subject to the penalty rule. If it turns out that the
sum is a penalty, then the vendor is not entitled to any part of it (not even
such part as would have been reasonable as an earnest). He can still sue for
damages for actual loss in the usual way. The court will typically order
return of the sum less any damage actually suffered, or (as was the case in
Workers Trust) a substantial amount of the sum, leaving a fund out of which
the vendor’s damages (if any) might be satisfied.

108 The “reasonableness” test appears to have been implicitly acknowledged in
the later Privy Council decision of Union Eagle Ltd v Golden Achievement Ltd
[1997] UKPC 5, in which Lord Hoffmann (giving the judgment of the Board)
stated at [8]:

Mr. Lyndon-Stanford Q.C.’s third point was that the purchaser was in any event
entitled to the return of his deposit because it was not a genuine pre-
estimate of damage. He accepted that, in the normal case of a reasonable
deposit, no inquiry is made as to whether it is a pre-estimate of damage or
not: [Howe v Smith; Workers Trust]. But he said that this deposit was not
franked under that rule because clause 12 described it “as and for liquidated
damages (and not a penalty)”. Their Lordships do not think that these words
deprived the deposit of its character as a deposit, an earnest of performance,
which was liable to forfeiture on rescission.

[emphasis added]

109 The “reasonableness” test was also adopted in Triangle Auto, in which the
High Court stated at [9] that the vendor may forfeit a deposit “provided the
amount of deposit is customary or moderate” (cited with approval in Lee Chee
Wei at [83]) and at [12] that “[i]f the deposit amount is excessive it will
also be caught by the law of penalty”. Triangle Auto was in turn cited in Goh
Liang Yong Jonah and another v Heng Kuek Hoy and another [2013] SGHC 203 at
[35] as authority for the proposition that a sum has to be reasonable in order
to take effect as a deposit.

Polyset Ltd v Panhandat Ltd [2002] HKCFA 15

110 I also found the analysis in the Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal case of
Polyset helpful in coming to my view. That case concerned a contract for the
sale of five shop premises for $115m. The contract was dated 23 May 1997 and
completion was to take place on 2 March 1998. The contract provided for four
successive deposits: (1) a payment of $11.5m “as deposit and part payment of
the purchase price” upon signing of the agreement, (2) a further $5.75m “as
further deposit and part payment” by 2 June 1997, (3) a further $11.5m “as
further deposit and in part payment” by 3 July 1997, and (4) a further $11.5m
“as further deposit and part payment” by 4 August 1997. These four deposits
amounted to a total of $40.25m (35% of the purchase price); the balance was to
be paid on completion. Clause 26 of the contract entitled the vendor to
forfeit the whole $40.25m in the case of the purchaser’s breach. The purchaser
refused to complete, as a result of which the vendor suffered loss of $33m.
The purchaser sued for return of $7.25m, ie, the difference between the
deposits and the vendor’s actual loss.

111 The Court of Appeal took the view that the law relating to the forfeiture
of contractual deposits fell within the same broad principles as the penalty
rule. It accepted the vendor’s contention that the sum of $40.25m was
reasonable in that it represented a genuine pre-estimate of loss. There was a
long completion period of nine months and the property market was then very
volatile, having risen dramatically in the months leading up to the agreement.
These two factors meant there was “an unusually high risk of sharp market
correction” in the period pending completion (Polyset at [24]).

112 The Court of Final Appeal unanimously agreed that the purchaser had
wrongfully repudiated the contract. However, it held by a 4–1 majority (Litton
NPJ dissenting) that the vendor was not entitled to forfeit the deposit of
$40.25m, because it was not reasonable. The majority, disagreeing with the
Court of Appeal, observed that deposits and liquidated damages served
different purposes and had different origins (see [7]–[9], [34]–[35],
[68]–[69] and [76]). Linggi and Workers Trust were cited as authorities for
the proposition that a true deposit must be reasonable as earnest money (see
[22], [39]–[41] and [88]). A so-called deposit which was unreasonable as an
earnest was not a true deposit but a part payment, which was generally
recoverable by the purchaser (see [17] and [57]). Importantly, the test of
reasonableness was different from the test of a genuine pre-estimate of loss
and the Court of Appeal had erred in eliding the two (see [19] and [85]).

113 Applying these principles to the facts of the case, the majority took the
view that the sum of $40.25m was unreasonable and not a true deposit. The
starting point was that a deposit representing 10% of the purchase price of
the land was conventional and exceptional circumstances had to be shown to
justify a deposit higher than that (see [11]–[13] and [89]). This was a
“question of degree” (at [107] per Ribeiro PJ). The factors raised by the
vendor in this case, while they might justify the vendor demanding a larger
quid pro quo for keeping his property off the market for a prolonged period in
a volatile market, were insufficient to justify a deposit 3½ times the
conventional percentage (see [25], [43] and [107]).

Cavendish Square Holding BV v Makdessi and another appeal [2016] AC 1172

114 As I noted above, Cavendish has recast the penalty rule in the UK. Their
Lordships expressed dissatisfaction with the conventional formulation of the
penalty rule (which continues to be law in Singapore), which is premised on
the compensatory nature of the clause in question. Lord Mance JSC, for
example, stated at [145] that “commercial interests may justify the imposition
on a breach of contract of a financial burden which cannot either be related
directly to loss caused by the breach or justified by reference to the
impossibility of assessing such loss”. Lord Neuberger of Abbotsbury PSC and
Lord Sumption JSC (with whom Lord Carnwath JSC agreed) likewise thought that a
“damages clause may properly be justified by some other consideration than the
desire to recover compensation for a breach” (at [28]). The test for a
penalty, as stated in Cavendish, is whether the provision gives rise to a
secondary obligation which imposes a detriment on the contract-breaker out of
all proportion to any legitimate interest of the innocent party in the
enforcement of the primary obligations. Since the legitimate interest in
question is not limited to compensating the innocent party for loss arising
from breach, the fact that a provision does not provide for a pre-estimate of
loss, or that it is deterrent, does not necessarily mean that it is penal
(see, eg, [28], [31]–[32] and [285]).

115 Lord Hodge JSC undertook the most in-depth analysis of whether the penalty
rule applies to deposits. His Lordship started by citing Howe v Smith as
authority that a non-refundable deposit is a guarantee by a purchaser that the
contract will be performed (at [234]). Such a deposit would be retained by the
vendor in the event the purchaser broke the contract. He then stated:

Where the deposit was fixed at a reasonable figure, its forfeiture on breach
of contract does not bring into play the rule against penalties, its purpose
not being related to any loss that the vendor may have suffered and that he
may seek to recover in damages: Wallis v Smith (1882) 21 ChD 243, 258, Jessel
MR.

[emphasis added]

116 His Lordship referred to Linggi and Workers Trust, which “made the
validity of a deposit conditional on whether it was ‘reasonable as earnest
money’” (at [235]). He then referred to Polyset at [236]:

In [Polyset] the Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal carried out a thorough review
of the law relating to deposits. The court considered the cases which I have
mentioned and concluded that the court would intervene to prevent forfeiture
where parties abused the concept of deposit. The forfeiture of a deposit would
be enforced only if it were “reasonable as earnest money”. Where the deposit
exceeded the conventional amount, the court would permit forfeiture only if
the party seeking to forfeit could show that exceptional circumstances
justified the higher amount ... Because Bokhary PJ and Ribeiro PJ considered
that the test of “genuine pre-estimate of loss” applied in the rule against
penalties when considering whether a sum was liquidated damages, they did not
view the “reasonable as earnest money” test as part of the law of penalties.

Finally, his Lordship concluded at [238] that in English law:

… (a) a deposit which is not reasonable as earnest money may be challenged as
a penalty and (b) where the stipulated deposit exceeds the percentage set by
long-established practice the vendor must show special circumstances to
justify that deposit if it is not to be treated as an unenforceable penalty.

117 Lord Hodge’s analysis fits squarely with the analysis in Workers Trust and
lends further support to the propositions I set out at [107] above.

118 On the other hand, Lord Neuberger of Abbotsbury PSC and Lord Sumption JSC
(with both of whom Lord Carnwath JSC agreed) did not discuss the concept of a
reasonable earnest in Workers Trust but nevertheless suggested that the
penalty rule could apply to deposits (at [16]):

… [T]he fact that a sum is paid over by one party to the other party as a
deposit, in the sense of some sort of surety for the first party’s contractual
performance, does not prevent the sum being a penalty, if the second party in
due course forfeits the deposit in accordance with the contractual terms,
following the first party’s breach of contract: see the Privy Council
decisions in Comr of Public Works v Hills [1906] AC 368, 375–376, and Workers
Trust & Merchant Bank Ltd v Dojap Investments Ltd [1993] AC 573.

119 That said, they acknowledged that a contrary view had been taken in Else
(1982) Ltd v Parkland Holdings Ltd [1994] 1 BCLC 130 (“Else”) and Stockloser.
Their Lordships also alluded to the possibility of relief from forfeiture, and
acknowledged that it was not clear “whether a provision is capable of being
both a penalty clause and a forfeiture clause”, although they thought it
possible “in some circumstances” (at [18]). In any event, their Lordships
acknowledged that it was “inappropriate to consider [this] issue in any
detail” as they had heard “very little argument on forfeitures” (at [18]).

120 Their Lordships did not discuss the concept of a reasonable earnest and
made only passing reference to Workers Trust. Whereas Lord Hodge JSC took the
view that the penalty rule would not apply to a true deposit (ie, a reasonable
earnest), Lord Neuberger of Abbotsbury PSC and Lord Sumption JSC did not
distinguish between true and so-called deposits. As neither of the appeals in
Cavendish involved a deposit, these views were strictly obiter.

121 To the extent that their Lordships’ opinion suggests that the penalty rule
applies to the forfeiture of true deposits – which is debatable – I do not
consider that to be persuasive in the Singapore context. The penalty rule
which prevails in Singapore is premised on the sole purpose of the clause
being to compensate for breach of contract. Since the purpose of a true
deposit is not to compensate for breach of contract, it falls outside this
paradigm: see [124]–[128] below. Cavendish, by contrast, recognises that a
liquidated damages clause need not necessarily be just compensatory.
Contractual purposes or objectives other than compensation – such as those
which underlie a true deposit – may qualify as “legitimate interests” that can
be protected and which do not fall foul of the penalty rule. It may be said
that the vendor, by requiring the payment of a true deposit, seeks to protect
his legitimate interest in securing performance of the contract. Thus, while
the Cavendish reformulation of the penalty rule might conceptually apply to
true deposits, the penalty rule in Singapore would not, simply because the
starting points are quite different. Any suggestion in Cavendish that the
penalty rule can apply to true deposits ought to therefore be read in light of
its broader conception of the rule.

122 Moreover, there is some debate about whether the Cavendish framework can
in fact accommodate deposits. Carmine Conte, in his article “The Penalty Rule
Revisited” (2016) 132 LQR 382, argues that the forfeiture of a deposit does
not involve a “detriment” and therefore cannot fall within the Cavendish
definition of a penalty. Whether or not he is correct, I noted that even if
the Cavendish approach were to be adopted in Singapore and applied to
deposits, the judicial treatment of deposits would remain largely the same as
under the Workers Trust approach. Both approaches recognise that the
forfeiture of a deposit is justified by reference to a contractual purpose
other than compensation for breach. The question whether a so-called deposit
is reasonable as an earnest requires the court to consider whether the sum is
proportionate to the purpose which an earnest is intended to serve. The very
same considerations would come into play in an application of the Cavendish
test: a sum which was out of all proportion to the “legitimate interest”
served by a deposit would constitute a penalty. However, simply because the
outcome might not be different does not mean that it would be correct to
conclude that the penalty rule applies to deposits. The philosophical
underpinnings of the penalty rule must be re-aligned before that conclusion
can be arrived at.

My analysis

The penalty rule does not apply to a true deposit

123 Having considered the submissions of the parties and the authorities I
have mentioned (amongst others), I formed the view that the penalty rule does
not apply to a true deposit. As noted earlier, the law of deposits and the law
of penalties have different legal geneses (see [79], [93] and [99] above).
More importantly, a true deposit does not fall within the paradigm of
liquidated damages as it serves a different purpose.

124 A liquidated damages clause is remedial, in the sense that it
predetermines the damages to be paid in the event of breach. Its purpose is to
“avoid difficulties relating to proof of actual loss” (Triangle Auto at [14]).
By contrast, a deposit serves an important signalling function. It shows the
vendor that the purchaser is serious about the purchase and will not leave him
high and dry (see [49] above). It is a sign of good faith and sieves out
frivolous or fickle purchasers. At the same time, it motivates the purchaser
to follow through with the contract. It is hence irrelevant whether the
deposit is proportionate to the vendor’s losses upon breach of contract, since
the purpose of the deposit is not to compensate for damage. The mechanism for
such compensation is the claim for damages (see Polyset at [68]). To borrow
Ribeiro PJ’s remarks in Polyset at [69]:

The focus of a deposit’s operation is on the period elapsing between its
payment and completion of the contract’s performance. In entering into the
contract, the vendor agrees to take his property off the market and to commit
himself to the purchaser on the latter’s promise that the acquisition will
duly be completed and the vendor duly paid at the completion date. The
forfeitable deposit is tendered to encourage the vendor to make the necessary
commercial act of faith. It is … the quid pro quo for the vendor depriving
himself of the ability to deal commercially with the property, and so of
making any potentially greater profits, while awaiting completion. Unlike the
vendor, the purchaser is able to profit by re-selling the property during this
period, in reliance on the contract. …

125 By contrast, liquidated damages are determined with a view to breach. They
“focus on the loss considered likely to result from foreseeable breaches and
aim to quantify in advance the damages payable” (Polyset at [76]), thereby
avoiding difficulties in proof of loss and potential under-compensation (see
Chitty on Contracts (Hugh Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 32nd ed, 2015)
(“Chitty”) at para 26–179). It is for this reason that liquidated damages must
be a genuine pre-estimate of the anticipated loss in the event of breach. The
efficacy of a deposit, on the other hand, is not assessed with regard to such
considerations.

126 In fact, applying the penalty rule would nullify the deposit in many
contracts in which one party’s breach does not cause or is not expected to
cause financial loss to the other. The sale of property in a rising market is
one example. Another is the sale of artwork: even if the buyer fails to
complete, the vendor may well profit by subsequently selling it to another at
a higher price. But this ignores the vendor’s intentions: the vendor chose to
sell at that point in time, and the deposit was the means by which he
discerned a serious buyer. As a result of non-completion the vendor’s
intention has been defeated, and he may have expended time and effort working
towards completion for nothing. He should be entitled to retain the deposit
which was paid to assure him of the expectation of sale.

127 Since liquidated damages serve to compensate for breach, they can give
rise to a situation where it would be unconscionable to saddle one party with
liquidated damages far exceeding the other’s loss, particularly when there is
inequality of bargaining power. Public policy therefore justifies ameliorating
or departing from the parties’ bargain as not to do so would be oppressive. A
deposit, on the other hand, is usually paid at the commencement of contract
and is deliberately calculated to dissuade parties who are unable to fulfil
the contractual obligations from undertaking them in the first place. It
sieves out the buyer who is not earnest. By paying the deposit, the buyer is
demonstrating to the seller his commitment to perform the contract. There is
thus nothing unconscionable about forfeiting the deposit upon breach (provided
it is customary or moderate), notwithstanding its disproportion to the
vendor’s loss. Forfeiture is not punitive. The policy considerations that
apply to liquidated damages do not apply. To the contrary, disallowing
forfeiture would enable the depositor, who has essentially communicated his
ability to fulfil the contractual obligations by paying the deposit, to escape
from the bargain. He has done the very thing which the deposit was intended to
safeguard against, and should not be allowed to “take advantage of his own
wrong” (Howe v Smith at 98, cited in Lee Chee Wei at [84]).

128 For these reasons, the law treats deposits and liquidated damages
differently in one important respect. A forfeiture clause does not preclude
the vendor from claiming damages in respect of any loss suffered over and
above the value of the forfeited deposit, whereas a liquidated damages clause
does. This is precisely because liquidated damages serve as a pre-agreed
quantification of the damages to which the vendor is entitled in the event of
the purchaser’s breach. Deposits, on the other hand, are not compensatory. If
it were law that only a deposit amounting to a genuine pre-estimate of loss
could be forfeited, then forfeiture of such a deposit ought logically to
preclude a claim for damages for actual loss. But that is not the case. The
vendor is entitled to sue separately for damages after giving credit for the
amount of the deposit (see, eg, Triangle Auto at [9], Linggi at 91H and
Polyset at [77]).

129 For these reasons, I agree fully with Bokhary PJ’s analysis in Polyset at
[10]:

Provided that what the vendor takes as a deposit is within the bounds of an
earnest of performance, it will constitute a true deposit. As such, it will be
forfeited to the vendor if the purchaser wrongfully fails to perform his part
of the bargain. This is so even if the vendor’s loss is less than the deposit.
It is so even if the vendor suffers no loss at all. Indeed, it is so even if
the vendor makes a profit by selling the property to someone else at a higher
price. If the vendor’s loss exceeds the deposit, he is of course entitled to
recover the full extent of his loss, giving credit for the deposit forfeited
to him.

[emphasis added]

130 I also agree that the concern expressed by Denning LJ in Stockloser and by
the Privy Council in Linggi and Workers Trust (see [94] and [100]–[101] above)
is a valid one. In the hope of obtaining a windfall, a vendor might abuse the
concept of a deposit to “secure the ability to forfeit amounts exceeding
anything which may reasonably be required by way of an earnest or guarantee of
performance or as compensation for the vendor’s removal of the property from
the market pending completion” (Polyset at [81]). I therefore agree that
deposits are only exempt from the penalty rule insofar as they are true
deposits, ie, deposits which are reasonable as earnest money.

131 Of course, if the Cavendish reformulation of the penalty rule does become
part of the law in Singapore, the issue may need to be re-visited for the
reasons cited earlier. Even then, difficult questions remain. I shall say no
more.

The penalty rule applies to part payments

132 It follows from the approach in Linggi and Workers Trust that the penalty
rule could apply to an attempt to forfeit a so-called deposit which is in
substance a part payment because it far exceeds what would be reasonably
necessary to serve the function of earnest money.

133 Whether the penalty rule can apply to part payments has been a matter of
some controversy in the UK. On one hand, it has been said that the penalty
rule cannot apply to the forfeiture of sums which are payable prior to, and
not upon, breach (see, eg, Chitty at paras 26–195 and 26–208; Stockloser at
489 per Denning LJ; Amble Assets LLP (in administration) and another v
Longbenton Foods Ltd (in administration) [2011] EWHC 1943 (Ch) at [75];
Cadogan Petroleum Holdings Ltd v Global Process Systems LLC [2013] EWHC 214
(Comm) at [32] and [34]). On the other hand, the distinction between sums that
are payable prior to and upon breach has drawn poignant criticism. The English
Law Commission, writing in 1975, was “not persuaded” that the fact that a
deposit (unlike liquidated damages) was paid or due prior to breach of
contract could “justify the radically different treatment which the law
afford[ed] to the two concepts” (United Kingdom, The Law Commission, Penalty
Clauses and Forfeiture of Monies Paid (Working Paper No 61, 1975) at para 59).
The Scottish Law Commission likewise remarked that “it should make no
difference whether a penalty takes the form of a payment of a sum or of the
forfeiture of a sum already paid” (Scotland, Scottish Law Commission,
Discussion Paper on Penalty Clauses (Discussion Paper No 103, 1997) at para
5.3). Similarly, it has been stated in Treitel: The Law of Contract (Edwin
Peel gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th ed, 2015) at para 20–148 that the penalty
rule can apply to deposits notwithstanding that they are payable before
breach. Indeed there is some authority for applying the penalty rule to sums
payable before breach (see the Privy Council’s decision in Commissioner of
Public Works v Hills [1906] AC 368). There is also authority for applying the
penalty rule to clauses entitling the innocent party to withhold sums payable
under contract to the party in breach (see Cavendish at [70]–[73] and Chitty
at 26-180). This is arguably analogous to the forfeiture of part payments.

134 In my view, the fact that part payments are payable prior to breach is
insufficient reason to exclude them from the scope of the penalty rule. The
forfeiture of a part payment and the payment of liquidated damages are both
contingent upon breach of contract. Although the former involves the retention
or withholding of a sum already paid while the latter involves the transfer of
a sum yet unpaid, both arise as a secondary obligation or entitlement in the
event of a breach of primary obligation to perform the contract. That is very
much in the nature of a liquidated damages provision, which attracts the
application of the penalty rule. I took guidance from the common-sense
approach of Lord Neuberger of Abbotsbury PSC and Lord Sumption JSC, who
cautioned that “the classification of terms for the purpose of the penalty
rule depends on the substance of the term and not on its form or on the label
which the parties have chosen to attach to it” (Cavendish at [15]). Their
Lordships, as well as Lord Hodge JSC, did not consider the distinction between
sums payable prior to breach and sums payable on breach to be sufficient basis
to disapply the penalty rule. Lord Hailsham LC took the same view in Linggi:
see [94] above. The local authorities which I have discussed above – Indian
Overseas Bank (HC), Indian Overseas Bank (CA), Hua Khian Co, Zalco and
Triangle Auto – also suggest that our courts have not conventionally regarded
that distinction as a barrier to the application of the penalty rule. I
agreed.

135 It has been said that the penalty rule does not apply to the retention of
instalments because they become the absolute property of the vendor when paid
(see Else at 146a–b per Hoffmann LJ and Stockloser at 489 per Denning LJ). On
the other hand, it has also been said that title to the part payment does not
vest absolutely but is “conditional upon the subsequent completion of the
contract” (McDonald v Dennys Lascelles Ltd [1933] HCA 25 (“McDonald”) per
Dixon J). I have reservations about the former view but for the moment shall
say no more. In any event, I did not consider that it provides normative
justification to exclude the penalty rule. In my view, it is the difference in
purpose between deposits and liquidated damages (rather than when the sum is
payable or whether title vests in the vendor) which justifies applying the
penalty rule to the latter but not the former.

The characterisation of the deposit is only significant where there is no
express forfeiture clause

136 It should be noted that recharacterising the sum as a part payment does
not automatically give the purchaser a right in law to recover the payment if
the contract expressly provides for forfeiture. Where there is no express
forfeiture clause, the vendor relies on the nature of the payment qua deposit
to persuade the court to infer a term that the payment will be forfeited upon
the purchaser’s default. (The vendor’s entitlement to forfeiture is inherent
in the nature of a deposit: see [45] and [49]–[50] above.) If the court,
applying the test of reasonableness, finds that the sum is not a true deposit
but a part payment, then there can be no such inference and the vendor is not
contractually entitled to forfeit the payment. The purchaser can sue for
return of the sum in unjust enrichment.

137 That was the case in Dies and another v British and International Mining
and Finance Corporation, Limited [1939] KB 724, which concerned a contract for
the sale of rifles and ammunition for a total sum of 270,000l. The contract
contained no forfeiture clause. The purchaser had paid 100,000l. under the
contract but did not complete payment and did not take delivery of any rifles
or ammunition. Stable J observed at 736 that this was not a situation which
either party had foreseen, and so the matter had to be decided:

… not on any express or implied term contained in the contract, but on the
principle of law applicable where the contract itself is silent, except in so
far as the intention of the parties can be ascertained from the designation
used to indicate the nature of the sum that was paid.

Stable J was referred to Benjamin on Sale (A R Kennedy, ed) (Sweet & Maxwell,
7th Ed, 1931) at p 989, which stated: “[I]n ordinary circumstances, unless the
contract otherwise provides, the seller, on rescission following the buyer’s
default, becomes liable to repay the part of the price paid.” He went on to
say:

If this passage accurately states the law as, in my judgment, it does where
the language used in a contract is neutral, the general rule is that the law
confers on the purchaser the right to recover his money, and that to enable
the seller to keep it he must be able to point to some language in the
contract from which the inference to be drawn is that the parties intended and
agreed that he should.

[emphasis added]

Stable J therefore found that the plaintiffs had a right of action for the
recovery of the 100,000l.

138 Similarly, in McDonald (supra at [135]), the court considered a contract
for the resale of land at a price of £23,462. This sum was payable in five
tranches: a deposit of £6,000, three annual payments of £1,000 on 24 January
1928–1930, and a final payment of £14,462 on 24 January 1931. The purchasers
failed to pay the £1,000 instalment due on 24 January 1930 as well as the
balance of the purchase price on 24 January 1931. Dixon J had this to say:

In the present case the contract of resale contains no provision for the
retention or forfeiture of the instalments. If, therefore, the instalment
originally due on 24th January, 1930, had been paid by the purchasers to the
vendors they would, in my opinion, have been entitled to recover it from the
vendors. The right so to recover it is legal and not equitable. It arises out
of the nature of the contract itself. This would be so even if the [resale]
contract was rescinded by the vendors upon the purchasers’ default. If in the
present case the purchasers’ claim to rescind this contract were justified, an
instalment already paid would have been recoverable as on an ordinary failure
of consideration.

[emphasis added]

139 The portion in italics was approved in Polyset at [59]. The purchaser’s
right to recover the part payments in this scenario has been explained on at
least two bases: first, that advance payments are impliedly conditional on the
contract being completed, and secondly, that the purchaser acquires a
restitutionary claim upon a total failure of consideration where the contract
is terminated before the vendor has performed any part of the contractual
duties in respect of which payment was made (Polyset at [58] and [60]). The
purchaser can recover the part payment without having to invoke the penalty
rule.

140 On the other hand, where the contract expressly provides for forfeiture,
the vendor’s right to forfeit the sum arises directly from the terms of the
contract. If the sum is a true deposit, the right to forfeit may be exercised,
subject to relief against forfeiture where available (in this regard, see Lord
Browne-Wilkinson’s remarks in Workers Trust at 579A and 582C, and Pacific Rim
Investments Pte Ltd v Lam Seng Tiong and another [1995] 2 SLR(R) 643 at
[39]–[62]). However, the converse does not follow. If the court finds that the
sum is not reasonable as an earnest and therefore not a true deposit, that
does not necessarily make the sum recoverable; there is still a contractual
right of forfeiture which must be considered. The clause must be treated like
any other clause providing for the forfeiture of part payments or instalments.
To prevent forfeiture, the plaintiff must invoke the penalty rule.

141 The distinction that I have drawn between contracts which expressly
provide for forfeiture and those which do not was also recognised by Denning
LJ in Stockloser at 489. He distinguished between two scenarios. Where there
is no forfeiture clause, the buyer is “entitled to recover his money by action
at law, subject to a cross-claim by the seller for damages” [emphasis added].
But where there is a forfeiture clause or the money is expressly paid as a
deposit (which is “equivalent to a forfeiture clause”), the buyer “cannot
recover the money at law at all” subject, in Denning LJ’s view, to the
equitable jurisdiction to relieve from forfeiture. The distinction was also
made by the Court of Appeal of Singapore in Lim Lay Bee (CA) (supra at [85])
at [25].

142 The foregoing analysis means that recharacterising the so-called deposit
as a part payment will only give the purchaser a right in law to recover the
payment in the absence of an express forfeiture clause. This mitigates, to
some extent, Yeo’s concern that it expunges or rewrites terms of the contract
(see Yeo at para 41).

The proper framework for forfeiture of a contractual deposit

143 Drawing these threads together, in my view, the proper framework to apply
to a case in which the plaintiff sues for the return of a deposit is as
follows.

(a) The first question must be whether, on a proper construction of the
contract, the vendor is contractually entitled to forfeit the so-called
deposit. This will involve consideration of the parties’ intentions and the
terms of the contract (Lee Chee Wei at [85]), and may be express or inferred
(Zalco at [40]; The Blankenstein at 450H). The character of the payment
depends on the parties’ intentions, to be ascertained by construing their
agreement (Mayson at 985). In particular, if the parties intended the payment
to be a deposit, it may arguably be said that they have agreed that it is to
be forfeited in the event that the payer fails to complete (Polyset at [66]).
The converse applies to a part payment.

(b) If the sum was never intended to be forfeitable on a proper construction
of the contract, it must be returned notwithstanding breach (see [139] above).
This is subject to a right of set-off for damages.

(c) If there is a right to forfeit, the next question is whether the sum is a
true deposit. The applicable test is whether the sum is reasonable as an
earnest or is customary or moderate.

(d) Reasonableness involves a different enquiry from whether the sum is a
genuine pre-estimate of loss. The focus is on whether the deposit is “so large
that it cannot be objectively justified by reference to the functions which
such a deposit properly serves” (Polyset at [165]). The customary or
conventional deposit is only a starting point and “does not mean that a larger
deposit can never be regarded as a true deposit” (Polyset at [13]). If the
deposit is higher than customary, it is up to the vendor to show “special
circumstances” to justify the amount (see [103] above). It should be noted
that a 10% deposit, while conventional or customary in the context of sales of
land, may not be the custom or convention in other types of contracts. There
may also be some contracts of which it cannot be said that any particular
percentage is customary or conventional as a deposit. Whether the contract is
of such a type is for the court to decide, having regard to the parties’
evidence and submissions. Where the contract is of a type in relation to which
a customary or conventional deposit may be discerned, the approach set out in
Polyset at [90] is useful guidance. Ultimately, the question of reasonableness
is one for the court to assess on the facts of each case. It may have regard
to any factors which are relevant to the effectiveness of the earnest,
including any history of dealing between the parties, their financial means,
and the commitment required on the vendor’s part in keeping the subject-matter
of the sale “off the market” for the duration of the sale (see Polyset at
[107]).

(e) If the sum is reasonable as an earnest, it is a true deposit. It can be
forfeited regardless of the actual loss occasioned to the vendor. The
forfeiture of a true deposit cannot be regarded as a penalty, notwithstanding
that it is disproportionate or has no reference to the vendor’s loss. The
purchaser’s only option to prevent forfeiture is to invoke the court’s
equitable jurisdiction to relieve against forfeiture, assuming it is
available. In this regard, it should be noted that relief against forfeiture
has traditionally been available only to the forfeiture of interests in real
property. Whether it is available in the context of forfeiture of deposits is
a matter for another time.

(f) On the other hand, if the sum is not reasonable as an earnest, it is not a
true deposit. It ought to then be recharacterised as a part payment and the
right to forfeit tested against the penalty rule.

144 In this case, the plaintiff did not plead or submit that the court should
exercise its equitable jurisdiction to relieve against the forfeiture of the
$300,000. In the circumstances, there was no need for me to consider whether
relief against forfeiture was available.

Application to the present suit

145 In this case, there was no express agreement to forfeit the $300,000 in
the event of the plaintiff’s breach. The defendants relied solely on the
characterisation of the payment of $300,000 as a “deposit” to justify
forfeiture. I determined that it was indeed reasonable for the defendants to
stipulate a sum of $300,000 as a deposit. I recognised that $300,000 was about
36% of the purchase price of $828,000, an even higher percentage than in
Workers Trust (25%) and Polyset (35%) where the deposits were found to be
unreasonable. However, the sums in those cases were much higher in absolute
terms ($2,875,000 in Workers Trust and $40.25m in Polyset). More importantly,
the plaintiff had already delayed payment multiple times when he proposed
varying payment into three tranches. Although he claimed to be serious about
the purchase, appeared to be eager to complete, and said that he would
“definitely” make payment within a few days of 8 July, he did not even keep to
the extended timelines that he himself suggested (see [12] above). This
understandably caused the defendants considerable anxiety, since they had
financial obligations in relation to other investments. They also had, in the
meantime, to keep CDX and the office property off the market longer than was
originally agreed, for what turned out to be an inordinately long time – more
than a year – at a time when the property market was quickly rising (see [6]
and [15] above). It was therefore, in my view, reasonable for them to
stipulate a deposit of $300,000 to assure themselves of the plaintiff’s
earnestness and commitment and to encourage performance on his part.

Conclusion

146 I therefore found that the $300,000 was a true deposit, and not a part
payment. The penalty rule accordingly did not apply and the defendants were
entitled to forfeit the sum. I thus dismissed the suit with costs to the
defendants.

Kannan Ramesh  
Judge

Lee Chiat Jin Jeffrey and Yap Ee Lin Felicia (Lee Chai & Boon LLP) for the
plaintiff;

Tan Teng Muan and Loh Li Qin (Mallal & Namazie) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

