Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHCF 9

Divorce Transfer No 3837 of 2012

Between

TZG  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

TZH  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TZG

  
v

  

TZH

  

[2017] SGHCF 9

High Court — Divorce Transfer No 3837 of 2012  
Foo Tuat Yien JC  
21 December 2015, 11 March, 21 April, 3 August, 28 October 2016; 28 November
2016

24 March 2017

Foo Tuat Yien JC:

Introduction

1 This grounds of decision deals with the division of matrimonial assets under
Part X of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“WC”). The parties have
a son aged nine. The Defendant Husband (“the Husband”) has appealed against
the decision on division.

2 The Plaintiff Wife (“the Wife”) and the Husband were dentists who ran their
own dental practice through two companies. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Husband’s 1st Affidavit of Assets and Means filed on 12 June 2013 (“HAM1”) at
paras 17–28.

The Husband and Wife were equal shareholders in Company No 1, of which Company
No 2 was a wholly owned subsidiary. I will refer to the dental practice
(inclusive of both companies) collectively as “the Dental Practice”.

3 I dealt with the Dental Practice for division separately from the other
assets in the matrimonial pool as the value of the Dental Practice was not
readily ascertainable and would, depending on circumstances, change over time.
Although each party had obtained a valuation of the Dental Practice as at end
February and end April 2014, the disparity in parties’ valuations was
significant, at $637,000 (the Wife had valued the Dental Practice at
$2,900,000, while the Husband valued it at $2,263,000) 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

WAM3 at para 200; Husband’s 3rd Ancillary Affidavit filed on 2 December 2015
(“HAM3”) at p 410 (Husband’s valuation report) and 424 (Wife’s valuation
report).

and also based on different valuation assumptions.

4 On 28 November 2016, I made the following orders for the division of the
matrimonial assets: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Minute sheet dated 28 November 2016 at p 6–7.

(a) The parties’ shares in the matrimonial assets (excluding the Dental
Practice) of $3,472,564, upon division are 55.65% for the Wife and 44.35% for
the Husband, as reflected in the following table:

| Wife| Husband  
---|---|---  
Percentage share of matrimonial assets| 55.65%| 44.35%  
Total (excluding the value of the Dental Practice)| $1,932,481.87|
$1,540,082.13  
  
(b) I considered the possibility that the Wife might want to take over the
Husband’s estate title and interest in their matrimonial home (net equity of
$2,612,394) in KL Road, held in the parties’ joint names. The Wife and son
were staying there. I began by deducting the value of the assets in the Wife’s
sole name ($647,089) from her share of the matrimonial assets as reflected
above to obtain her share of the matrimonial home ($1,285,392). I then
deducted this sum from the net equity of the matrimonial home to obtain the
Husband’s share of the net equity in the matrimonial home ($1,327,002).
Dividing these sums by the net equity of the matrimonial home, I arrived at
parties’ percentage share of the matrimonial home: 50.8% for the Husband and
49.2% for the Wife. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Minute sheet dated 28 November 2016 at pp 4–5.

Thus, the matrimonial home was to be divided in the ratio of 50.8:49.2 in the
Husband’s favour. The division is to take place in the following manner:

(i) Should the Wife wish to take over Husband’s estate title and interest in
the matrimonial home, she is to notify the Husband in writing within one month
of the date of this order. Upon such notification, the transfer is to be
effected within five months thereof, upon the Wife paying to the Husband 50.8
% of the net equity of the matrimonial home. The costs of the transfer are to
be borne by the Wife;

(ii) Should the Wife notify the Husband that she does not wish to take over
the Husband’s estate title and interest in the matrimonial home, or upon
expiry of the one month period, whichever is earlier, the matrimonial home is
to be sold in the open market within five months. Parties are to have joint
conduct of the sale. The net sale proceeds (less the costs and expenses of
sale) are to be divided in the proportion of 50.8:49.2 in favour of the
Husband; and

(c) Unless otherwise stated, parties were to retain all assets in his/her sole
name.

(d) The Dental Practice was to be divided in the ratio of 55% to the Wife and
45% to the Husband, in the following manner: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Order of Court at paras 14–21.

(i) Within seven days of the order, the Husband is at liberty to propose in
writing to the Wife a buy-out offer price (with terms and conditions) for the
Dental Practice. Should the buy-out offer be accepted by the Wife and notified
in writing to the Husband within seven (7) days of the offer, the transfer of
the Wife's shares in the Dental Practice to the Husband shall be completed
within three (3) months of the date of the Wife's acceptance of the offer,
upon the Husband paying to the Wife, a sum representing 55% of the accepted
buy-out offer price (less salaries owing to parties and costs and expenses of
the transfer).

(ii) Should there be no buy-out offer from the Husband or should the Wife not
accept the buy-out offer, the Dental Practice shall be put up for sale in the
open market within two months of either of these two events, whichever is
earlier.

(iii) The parties shall have joint conduct of the sale of the Dental Practice.
The parties shall instruct a relevant company to act for them in the conduct
of the sale, including the advertising of the sale for three months in the
open market.

(iv) The Husband shall have the first option to buy out the Wife's 55% share
of the Dental Practice based on the highest price offered by a third party
buyer or at the Husband's higher offered price. If the Husband so wishes to
buy out the Wife's share, he shall notify the Wife in writing within seven
days after the closing date for submission of third party offers to buy the
Dental Practice. The Wife shall have the right not to accept the Husband's
buy-out offer. If the Wife does not reply in writing within seven days of the
Husband's written offer, the Wife is taken to have rejected his offer. If the
Wife accepts the Husband's buy-out offer within the said seven days, the
transfer of the Wife's shares in the Dental Practice to the Husband shall be
completed within three months of the Wife's acceptance of the Husband's offer,
upon the Husband paying to the Wife, a sum representing 55% of the Husband's
offer price, less any salaries owing to the parties and less the costs and
expenses of the sale.

(v) Should the Wife reject the Husband's offer to buy out her share in the
Dental Practice, she may counter-offer to buy out the Husband's 45% share in
the Dental Practice based on the highest price offered by third party buyers
or at the Wife's higher offered price. If the Wife so wishes to buy out the
Husband's share, she shall notify the Husband in writing within seven days
after rejecting the Husband's offer to buy out her share in the Dental
Practice. The Husband shall have the right not to accept the Wife's buy-out
offer. If the Husband does not reply in writing to the Wife's buy-out offer
within seven (7) days of her written offer, the Husband is taken to have
rejected her offer. If the Husband accepts the Wife's buy-out offer within the
said seven (7) days, the transfer of the Husband's shares in the Dental
Practice to the Wife shall be completed within three (3) months of the
Husband's acceptance of the Wife's offer, upon the Wife paying to the Husband
a sum representing 45% of the Wife's offer price, less any salaries owing to
parties and the costs and expenses of sale.

(vi) Should either Party decide not to buy out the other party’s share in the
Dental Practice or if the offers, if any, whether made by the Husband or the
Wife are rejected by the other Party, then the Parties are to notify each
other in writing within 14 days after the expiry of the dates in the two
preceding clauses above on their individual decision whether to accept any
offer made by a third party to buy the Dental Practice. Subject to the
parties’ agreement on sale of the Dental Practice, the net sales proceeds
(after deduction of salaries owing to parties, costs and expenses of sale)
shall be divided in the proportion of 45:55 in favour of the Wife. The parties
may, if they so wish, negotiate how best they wish to proceed.

(vii) If the Parties cannot agree on a sale to a third party buyer within one
month of the expiry of the 14-day period in the preceding paragraph, the
parties are to appoint a liquidator within one month to liquidate the Dental
Practice. The salaries owing to parties and costs and expenses of the abortive
sale and the liquidation are to be paid from the liquidation sales proceeds
with the net liquidation proceeds, after deduction of salaries owing, to be
divided between parties in the proportion of 45:55 in the Wife’s favour.

5 The Husband has appealed against my orders on the division of matrimonial
assets as stated above at [4(a)], [4(b)] and [4(d)]. The appeal is not against
my orders on the manner in the which the division was to take place, which
were stated above at [4(b)(i)]–[4(b)(ii)] and [4(d)(i)]–[4(d)(vii)].

6 There is no appeal against my order that the following assets were to be
excluded from the matrimonial pool: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Minute sheet dated 28 November 2016 at p 2.

(a) a flat in the name of Husband (“Flat H”), which had been acquired before
marriage and wholly paid for by the Husband’s parents, albeit used as a
matrimonial home;

(b) six Maybank fixed deposits of $1.2m in the joint names of the Husband, his
parents and his sister;

(c) a UOB account opened in the joint names of the Husband and his father; and

(d) a flat owned by the Wife’s parents (“Flat W”), that had been acquired by
them during the parties’ marriage.

7 I found that the Husband’s legal interest in the assets stated above at
(a)–(b) were held in trust for his parents, while his legal interest in the
asset in (c) was held on trust for his father. As for the asset in (d), it was
purchased by the Wife’s parents with her contribution of $182,818.71. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Minute sheet dated 10 March 2016 at p 2; See also Husband’s core bundle dated
17 December 2015 (“HCB”) at p 228, 229, 232 and 236 (statement of accounts
evidencing withdrawals).

As the Husband was not taking the position that the net equity of this asset
be included in the pool for division, I ordered that the sum of $182,818.71 be
added back to the matrimonial pool of assets to be attributed to her as her
direct financial contribution.

8 There is also no appeal against my order for the maintenance of the son and
my order that there be no maintenance for the Wife. I dismissed the Wife’s
claim for maintenance of $2,000 per month. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Wife’s 3rd Ancillary Affidavit filed on December 2015 (“WAM3”) at para 45.

According to the Wife, an associate dentist could expect to earn between
$8,000 to $11,000 per month. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Wife’s 2nd Ancillary Affidavit filed on 4 July 2013 (“WAM2”) at para 41.

Using these figures as estimates of her earning capacity, should she work as
an associate dentist, and in light of her executive capability in running the
Dental Practice, I was satisfied that she could earn more than enough for her
maintenance.

9 As for the son’s maintenance, the Husband was to contribute 60%, and the
Wife 40%. This apportionment was made based on my assessment of parties’
relative earning capacity, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Minute sheet dated 28 November 2016 at p 13.

bearing in mind that it had been agreed that care and control would be given
to the Wife with parties to share joint custody. Access was to be in
accordance with the Consent Order of 19 April 2013. Despite the Husband’s
submission that the location where he should return the child after access on
Saturdays should be varied, 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Husband’s letter to court dated 28 October 2016, Annex A p 1.

I saw no satisfactory reason to vary the terms of access.

10 I set out my reasons for the three orders on the division of matrimonial
assets, that are the subject of the Husband’s appeal.

Background facts

11 The Husband is 41 years old and the Wife is 39 years old. As mentioned
above, they are both dentists with their own Dental Practice with each owning
50% share. The Husband is the Clinical Director of the Dental Practice while
the Wife is the Administrative Director. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

WAM2 at para 31.

12 The parties were classmates at dental school. After graduating in 2000,
they worked as dental officers at the National Dental Centre, before working
in private practice in 2004. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

HAM3 at para 320; Wife’s 1st Affidavit of Assets and Means filed on 22 May
2013 (“WAM1”) at p 19; Wife’s 2nd Ancillary Affidavit dated 10 July 2013
(“WAM2”) at para 33.

They married in Singapore on 20 November 2004. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Interim Judgment (“IJ”) at para 1.

13 On 12 August 2007, the son was born. The Wife then stopped work for more
than a year to take care of the son. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

WAM1 at para 21(b).

14 In November 2007, Company No 1 in the Dental Practice was incorporated. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

WAM 2 at para 28.

The clinic started operations in February 2009. At the beginning, the Husband
continued working at another clinic in the day, and at the Dental Practice in
the evening 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Minute Sheet dated 21 December 2015 at p 4.

and then worked full time with the Dental Practice from December 2010.
Nevertheless, parties eventually built up the Dental Practice to be a
successful dental practice, the profits of which paid for a substantial part
of the parties’ matrimonial home and for an investment commercial strata
titled unit registered in the name of Company No 1 valued at over $700,000.

15 Problems surfaced in the marriage between parties, partly arising from
problems in their relationship with their respective parents-in-law. The
parties and son were then staying in Flat H (duplex penthouse with living
quarters on two levels) with the Husband’s parents and also for some time with
the Wife’s parents. Sometime in July 2012, the Wife moved out of Flat H into
the matrimonial home at KL Road, leaving the Husband to stay at Flat H. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Minute Sheet dated 11 March 2016 at p 2.

Although I have referred to the KL Road property as a “matrimonial home”, it
was, strictly speaking, not a matrimonial home, as parties and their son had
not stayed there as a family. It was, at all times, occupied only by the Wife
and the son, after they left Flat H in July 2012.

16 On 9 July 2012, the Wife’s then counsel sent to the Husband a proposal and
a draft Deed of Separation. On 7 August 2012, the Wife initiated divorce on
the ground of unreasonable behaviour. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Statement of Claim for Divorce dated 7 August 2012 at p 2.

The Husband filed a defence and counterclaim on 14 September 2012. The
counterclaim also alleged unreasonable behaviour by the Wife. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defence and Counterclaim dated 14 September 2012, p 25.

. Parties subsequently amended the particulars of their claim and
counterclaim, on 27 December and 28 December 2012, respectively. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Statement of Particulars (Divorce) (Amendment No 1) dated 27 December 2012;
Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) dated 28 December 2012.

Interim judgment (“IJ”) for divorce was granted on 21 January 2013, based on
both parties’ unreasonable behaviour, as stated in the amended particulars. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

IJ at para 2(c).

17 Up to the date of the IJ, this was a marriage of eight years. At the point
of separation in July 2012, this was a marriage of seven and a half years.

My decision

18 At stated above at [5], the Husband has appealed against my three orders on
the division of assets. There is no appeal against the other orders.

19 As mentioned in [3], I dealt with the division of the Dental Practice
separately from the division of the other the matrimonial assets. After
considering parties’ submissions and after determining the identity and value
of the assets in the matrimonial pool, the direct financial contribution to
that pool and the indirect contribution, I ordered that the rest of the
matrimonial assets be divided in the ratio of 55.65:44.35 in the Wife’s
favour. As for the Dental Practice, after taking into account parties’ direct
financial contributions and indirect contributions towards the Dental
Practice, I ordered that the Dental Practice be divided 55:45 in the Wife’s
favour. I elaborate below, beginning with the other assets in the matrimonial
pool.

The matrimonial pool apart from the Dental Practice

20 The matrimonial pool amounted to a total of $3,472,564, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Minute Sheet dated 28 November 2016 at pp 2–3; Husband’s letter to court dated
28 October 2016, Annex A. The minute sheet records two different figures,
$3,472,565 on page 2 and $3,472,564 on page 3. This difference arises from the
rounding up of decimals in the calculations when parties’ percentage shares
are multiplied by the value of assets. The difference is not significant.

and consisted of the matrimonial home, joint bank accounts, other assets which
were held in parties’ own names and the sum of monies transferred by the Wife
to her parents for the purchase of Flat W (see [6(d)]-[7] above).

Direct contributions

21 Parties disputed their contributions to the matrimonial home, shares held
in the Wife’s name and a car (which was also in the Wife’s name). I begin by
setting out my holdings on parties’ contributions to the matrimonial home at
KL Road, as follows: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Minute sheet dated 28 November 2016 at p 3-–4 r/w Exh-“W1-28 Oct 2016” at p 3.

| Wife| Husband  
---|---|---  
Percentage of contribution to the purchase of the matrimonial home| 50%| 50%  
Share of net equity of $2,612,394.26 million| $1,306,197.13| $1,306,197.13  
  
22 In addition, parties also had three joint bank accounts worth $7,414.86 in
total, which they agreed to attribute in equal proportions. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Minute sheet dated 28 November 2016 at p 4 r/w Exh-“W1-28 Oct 2016” at p 3.

23 I also found that shares held in the Wife’s name were to be attributed as
follows: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Minute sheet dated 28 November 2016 at p 3-.

| Wife| Husband  
---|---|---  
Share of value of $211,121| $36,951| $174,169  
  
24 Additionally, I also held that the car, which was valued at $115,900 and
held in the Wife’s sole name, was to be attributed to her alone. The
attribution for this car and other assets held in parties’ sole names (for
which there is no dispute) are reflected in the tables below in this paragraph
and at [24]-[25]:

| Assets in the Wife’s name| Assets in the Husband’s name  
---|---|---  
1| CPF| $106,573.75| CPF| $116,764.35  
2| DBS account| $761.81| POSB account| $55,171.57  
3| OCBC account| $4,473.44| OCBC account| $51.99  
4| UOB account| $1,242.01| Prudential fund| $17,196.83  
5| Insurance| $17,888.19| Manulife fund| $13,652.80  
6| Club membership| $6,290| Club membership| $2,830  
| Total| $137,229.20| | $205,667.54  
  
25 Finally, it will be recalled (as stated above at [7]) that the Wife’s
contribution of $182,818 to her parent’s purchase of Flat W was to be added
back to the matrimonial pool and considered the Wife’s contribution.

26 The overall direct contributions of parties may be calculated as follows:
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

The total value of the Wife’s direct contribution ($1,782,822) is two less
than the sum stated in page 4 of the Minute sheet of 28 November 2016. This is
due to the slightly different methods of calculation and rounding up of
decimal points, and is not material as parties’ percentage of direct
contribution remains the same.

| Wife| Husband  
---|---|---  
Matrimonial home| $1,306,197| $1,306,197  
Monies in joint accounts | $3,707| $3,707  
Shares in Wife’s name| $36,951| $174,169  
Car| $115,900| $0  
Other assets held in parties’ sole names| $137,249| $205,667  
Wife’s contribution to Flat W| $182,818| $0  
Total| $1,782,822| $1,689,740  
Percentage | 51.3%| 48.7%  
  
27 I will now elaborate on the disputed items, viz, the matrimonial home, the
shares in the Wife’s name and the car.

The matrimonial home (Direct Financial Contribution)

28 The purchase price of the matrimonial home at KL Road consisted of a down
payment of about $520,000 and a loan of $2,080,000. Of this loan,
$1,942,394.26 has since been repaid using profits from the Dental Practice. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Husband’s letter to court dated 28 October 2016, Annex E.

It was common ground between parties that parties contributed equally to the
down payment. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Husband’s letter to court dated 28 October 2016, Annex E; See also Exh-“W1-28
Oct 2016” at p 3.

The Wife had said that after the clinic started operations in February 2009,
they were able to recoup their capital investment and also use the profits of
the business to put a down payment of $519,354 on the KL Road flat in December
2010. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

WAM2 p 15 para 34.

This was not disputed by the Husband.

29 The main dispute between parties was how the repayment of the loan using
the Dental Practice’s profits should be attributed. In line with parties’
submissions on their respective direct contributions to the Dental Practice
itself, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Exh-“W1-28 Oct 2016” at p 4.

the Husband argued that attribution for the repayment of the loan for the
matrimonial property should be made 70:30 in his favour, as he had put in more
clinical working hours than the Wife and had contributed significantly in the
clinic setup and its continued operations. It was noted that the Husband
claimed credit for a larger proportion of repayment of the loan, as opposed to
the down payment (which parties agreed to attribute equally), when both sets
of payments originated from the same source, viz, the profits of the Dental
Practice.

30 The Wife, on the other hand, adopted a consistent position with regards to
both sets of payments. She submitted that the ratio for attributing the
repayment of the loan should be 50:50, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Minute Sheet of 28 October 2016 at p 15.

in line with their shareholdings in the Dental Practice and their respective
contributions as Clinical Director (Husband) and Administrative Director
(Wife). It must also be noted that it is not in dispute that parties had
chosen to hold the legal title to the matrimonial home as tenants in common in
equal shares and not as joint tenants. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

WAM3 at p 20 para 16 and exhibit at p 269 (Tab 19).

As this issue of the direct financial contribution towards the matrimonial
home is inextricably linked to the issue of the direct financial contribution
of the parties towards the Dental Practice, it is therefore necessary for me,
at this juncture, to consider parties’ direct contributions to the Dental
Practice.

The Dental Practice (Direct Financial Contribution)

31 After considering parties’ submissions, I accepted the Wife’s submissions
and found that the direct contribution of parties to the Dental Practice was
50:50. In making this finding, I took into account the following factors.
First, parties held an equal number of shares in the Dental Practice. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

HAM1 at p X-2.

Second, it was not disputed that the seed money for the Dental Practice was to
be attributed equally to both parties. Thirdly, parties had, throughout the
life of the Dental Practice, been consistently drawing the same amount of
money from the Dental Practice. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

HAM3 at para 215 and 321.

Even in November 2012 (after commencement of divorce proceedings in August
that year), parties entered into a service agreement with the Dental Practice
to pay each party an equal monthly salary of $20,000. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

HAM1 at p X-147–X-149.

32 Fourthly, I took into account their lead roles in two key areas, as denoted
by the Husband’s and the Wife’s specific designations of Clinical Director and
Administrative Director respectively. This is recognition of the importance of
professional dental standards and service coupled with professional
administrative and managerial services, which are both integral to a
profitable dental practice. Each party contributed in their own ways and in
their areas of focus. It is not disputed that Husband had worked more clinical
hours than the Wife and was less involved in the administrative or financial
work. The Wife was in charge of the financial and administrative aspects.
Parties both claimed that they were involved in the non-clinical aspects of
the work but it was conceded by the Husband that he had left the left the
running of the clinic finances to the Wife, albeit that he claimed that she
was making expenditures on items on which he should be consulted but was not.
37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Counterclaim (1) of Husband, para 3.4.

It is not disputed that she was designated as the sole signatory for the bank
account for Company No 1 dealing with the clinic. The Wife said that she had
learnt all the administrative tasks from scratch and the Husband relied on her
to do that part of the business, he did not like. It had been her idea to
employ dental associates to earn more money.

33 In my view, the four factors stated above were strong evidence of how
parties themselves viewed their business relationship and their contributions
to the Dental Practice. I found, on the entirety of the evidence before me,
that the parties’ direct financial contribution to the Dental Practice was
50:50.

34 As the profits from the Dental Practice were used to pay the mortgage loan
for the matrimonial home at KL Road, I also found that parties’ contributions
to the matrimonial home should be attributed in the ratio of 50:50.

35 The Husband had also submitted that a sum of $4,422 that he had paid
towards the renovation of the matrimonial home should be considered part of
his direct financial contribution. However, these renovation items were not
fixtures or fittings, and I therefore excluded them from the calculation of
direct financial contributions to the matrimonial home. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Minute Sheet of 28 October 2016 at p 16.

The shares in the Wife’s name

36 Early in the proceedings, the Wife had denied that the Husband contributed
to the purchase of shares held in the Wife’s name. After discovery
applications and interrogatories against the Wife, it was clear that the
Husband had contributed $80,000 to the purchase of these shares. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Husband’s submissions dated 17 December 2015 at paras 42–47; Wife’s
submissions dated 17 December 2015 at paras 84–86.

Parties agree that these shares are now valued at $211,121.04. The Husband
submitted that the value of these shares should be attributed
$177,341.67:$33,779.37 in his favour, while the Wife submitted that the
attribution should be $170,997.24:$40,123.80 in the Husband’s favour instead.
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Exh-“W1-28 Oct 2016” at p 1.

As the difference was not large and information on the disparity in value was
not available, I averaged the figures and attributed the value of the shares
$174,169:$36,951 in the Husband’s favour. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Minute Sheet of 28 November 2016 at p 3.

The car

37 Parties agreed on the value of the car at $115,900. The Wife claimed that
she paid its entire purchase price, but the Husband claimed credit for
$52,900. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Minute Sheet of 28 October 2016 at p 12.

The Wife denied this and said that the Husband did not pay for the purchase of
any of the cars and that he had only paid for a special car licence plate
number (his birthdate), for which he had paid a bid price of $4,060. The
Husband’s submitted that the present car was paid for by trading in the
previous car, which in turn was paid for by trading in the car before that,
and that he had contributed substantially to the purchase of this earliest
car. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Husband’s letter to court dated 28 October 2016, Annex E.

As there was no satisfactory evidence, I attributed the value of the car
entirely to the Wife. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Minute Sheet of 28 October 2016 at p 14.

I understand that parties have come to an arrangement relating to the special
car licence plate that the Husband wants the Wife to transfer back to him.

Conclusion on direct contributions

38 It will be recalled (as indicated above in the table at [26]) that I had
found that parties’ percentage of direct contributions was 51.3% to 48.7% in
the Wife’s favour. I now turn to parties’ indirect contributions.

Indirect contributions

39 The issue of parties’ indirect contributions was also contested by parties.
Counsel for the Wife submitted that the ratio should be at least 60:40 in the
Wife’s favour, while counsel for the Husband did not state a specific ratio.
45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Husband’s submissions dated 17 December 2015 at paras 62–63; Wife’s further
submissions dated 10 March 2016 at para 9.

After careful consideration, I found that the appropriate ratio for parties’
indirect contributions was 60:40, and I explain my reasons below.

Non-financial contributions

40 The son is now about nine years old. Care of a child in his infancy and
younger formative years often requires more time and intensive attention.
Although both parents played their part in the care and nurturing of the son,
more was undoubtedly done by the Wife. Among other things, she had stopped
work for about a year in 2007 to 2008 to care for the son. As a spouse-partner
of the Dental Practice, she was able to work flexible hours to give her the
time to take care of the child’s needs, whilst being assisted by her parents.
The nature of her duties and work at the Dental Practice enabled her to carry
out her duties off-site and after office hours and did not detract from her
direct financial contribution towards the Dental Practice. It is to be noted
that when the Dental Practice clinic started operations in February 2009, the
son would have been less than two years old and the Wife would have had to
judiciously balance her role as the primary care-giver and her role in the
Dental Practice in its start-up operations. I accordingly gave the Wife more
credit for non-financial contribution.

Indirect financial contributions

41 In terms of indirect financial contributions, I accept that the Husband
contributed more to the household expenses. He had provided the Wife with five
supplementary credit cards so that she could use it for household purchases.
These expenses were usually in the range of $1,000 to $2,000 per month before
the son was born, 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

WAM3 at para 45.

and increased to about $3,000 per month thereafter. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

WAM2 at para 53.

Conclusion on indirect contributions

42 I attributed, in the round, a 60:40 ratio in favour of the Wife for
parties’ indirect contribution.

The final ratio for division of the matrimonial pool apart from the Dental
Practice

43 Averaging the ratios of parties’ direct and indirect contributions, I found
that the overall ratio was 55.65:44.35 in favour of the Wife. I also saw no
need to make any adjustment to the final ratio.

44 I turn now to discuss the division of the Dental Practice.

The Dental Practice

Direct contribution

45 The direct contribution of parties to the Dental Practice has been
discussed above at [28]–[33]. I had found that parties directly contributed to
Dental Practice in the ratio of 50:50.

Indirect contribution

46 Parties disputed whether the ratio for indirect contribution used for the
rest of the matrimonial assets should also be used here. Counsel for the Wife
submitted that the same ratio should be used, while counsel for the Husband
submitted that a different ratio should be used instead. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Minute sheet dated 3 August 2016 at p 7.

47 In my view, there was no reason to treat the Dental Practice differently
from the rest of the assets in the matrimonial pool in this regard. My
evaluation of parties’ indirect contribution to the marriage was based on
considerations different from that, which I took into account in evaluating
parties’ direct financial contribution towards the Dental Practice.
Accordingly, I found that the same indirect contribution ratio of 60:40 in
favour of the Wife should similarly apply to the division of the Dental
Practice.

The final ratio for division of Dental Practice

48 Averaging the direct and indirect contributions, I arrived at an overall
ratio of 55:45 in favour of the Wife.

Logistical orders in relation to the Dental Practice

49 I had, early, in the proceedings, raised with counsel the issue of a
realistic valuation of the Dental Practice, bearing in mind how that value
could be realised and/or divided in a manner beneficial to both parties. It
was in parties’ interests to cooperate to preserve the value of the Dental
Practice to secure the best price, if it was to be sold to a third party.
Given their acrimony, there were real concerns that the value of the Dental
Practice as a going concern could be progressively reduced, the longer a
decision on its future remained in doubt, eg, dental associates and staff,
knowing of these problems, might leave. Parties were asked if one wanted to
buy over the other’s share or whether they wanted to sell the Dental Practice
as a going concern to a third party.

50 Unfortunately, despite opportunity and time, parties could not propose a
solution or narrow their differences. The Husband had expressed an interest to
buy over the Wife’s share but delayed in doing so. It came to a point where
the Wife then claimed that the Husband was acting in a way calculated to lower
the value of the Dental Practice, such as working fewer hours. This was denied
by the Husband.

51 The Wife’s counsel had also submitted that she and not the Husband should
have the first option to at least match a third party offer on sale, as the
Wife believed that the Husband would arrange for friends to make low offers or
he would act in a manner so that only low offers were made. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Minute sheet 28 October 2016 at p 3.

I had considered but later decided against a joint valuation of the Dental
Practice when it became clear that it would only lead to further delay and was
impracticable as parties would not be able to agree on a joint or other brief.
It was submitted by the Husband’s counsel that the Husband was then still open
to having an option to buy over the Wife’s share in the Dental Practice. It
was in this context, that I made the practical orders for the logistics for
division of the Dental Practice at [4(d)], after I had decided on the
substantive shares for division of this asset.

Conclusion

52 Thus, I ordered that the Dental Practice be divided in the ratio of 55:45
in favour of the Wife, while the rest of the matrimonial assets were to be
divided 55.65:44.35 in favour of the Wife. The Dental Practice and the
matrimonial home were to be divided according to the steps stated above at
[4(b)(i)]–[4(b)(ii)] and [4(d)(i)]–[4(d)(vii)].

53 The Husband has also appealed against my indication that parties are to
bear the mortgage payments and other payments relating to the matrimonial home
in the same proportion as 50.8:49.4 (H:W) (see above at [4(b)]). I had
informed counsel when I gave my decision on 28 November 2016, that as the
division of the assets, including the matrimonial home, had been effected upon
my decision that day, that thereafter (unless changed on appeal), the
remaining mortgage instalments as well as other outgoings should rightly be
borne in proportion to the ratio of 50.8:49.2 (H:W). The actual sorting out of
accounts on this score could be effected upon completion of the transfer of
the Husband’s estate title and interest in the matrimonial home at KL Road to
the Wife or upon completion of the sale of the property, if such was the case.
My view was that it was not necessary for a specific order to be made in that
regard.

54 I also ordered that each party was to bear their own costs. The Wife had
not succeeded in her contention that the assets in [6(a)]-[6(c)] be included
in the matrimonial pool, that the asset in [6(d)] be excluded from the pool or
that the Husband had not contributed to the purchase of the shares in her
name. The Husband had not succeeded on the issue of direct financial
contribution as well as the issue of the car. The hearings had also been
prolonged because of the Husband’s delay in following up on his offer relating
to the Dental Practice.

Foo Tuat Yien  
Judicial Commissioner

Carrie Gill and Shaun Ho Jin Kit (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the
plaintiff;  
Johnson Loo Teck Lee (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

