Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 168

Criminal Case No 39 of 2017

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

Hari Krishnan Selvan  
---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act] — [Drug
trafficking] — [Guilty plea]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Benchmark sentences]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Hari Krishnan Selvan

  

[2017] SGHC 168

High Court — Criminal Case No 39 of 2017

  

Foo Chee Hock JC

  

19 June 2017

21 July 2017

Foo Chee Hock JC:

1 On 19 June 2017, the accused, Hari Krishnan Selvan, a 33-year-old Malaysian
male, pleaded guilty to one count of trafficking with common intention in “a
total of not less than 14.99 grams of diamorphine” under s 5(1)(a) of the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) read with s 34 of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). The charge against the accused read as follows:

That you, HARI KRISHNAN SELVAN,

on 13 August 2015 at about 6.35am, inside a lorry bearing Malaysia
registration number JQH5478, along Ang Mo Kio Street 53, Singapore, together
with one Mohd Nor Kamarrudin Bin Kamari, Malaysia Passport No.: [xxx], in
furtherance of your common intention, did jointly traffic in a Class A
Controlled Drug listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”), to wit, by delivering eight packets containing not
less than a total of 3655.4 grams of granular/powdery substance which was
analysed and found to contain a total of not less than 14.99 grams of
diamorphine, to one Jumaat Bin Mohamed Sayed, NRIC No.: [xxx], at the
aforesaid place without any authorisation under the said Act or the
Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under
Section 5(1)(a) of the MDA read with Section 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
Rev Ed 2008), and punishable under Section 33(1) of the MDA.

2 After convicting the accused on the charge, I sentenced him to 26 years’
imprisonment with 15 strokes of the cane. The accused has appealed against the
sentence on the ground that it was “excessive”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Notice of Appeal dated 22 June 2017.

I now set out the reasons for my decision.

3 At the material time, the accused was employed by CCL IMPEX (S) Private
Limited (“CCL”) as a lorry driver to deliver vegetables from Malaysia to
Singapore. He was scheduled to deliver vegetables with Mohd Nor Kamarrudin Bin
Kamari (“Nor”) in a lorry bearing registration number JQH5478 (“Lorry”) on 12
August 2015. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOF at paras 1, 3 and 5.

4 On or before 11 August 2015, a person identified as “Kumar” asked the
accused to deliver eight cabbages containing heroin (a street name for
diamorphine) (“Cabbages”) to Singapore during the scheduled delivery. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOF at para 4.

Kumar told the accused to deliver the Cabbages to Jumaat Bin Mohamed Sayed
(“Jumaat”) at “Aik Leong Eating House” located at Block 505, Ang Mo Kio Avenue
8. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOF at para 4.

Kumar promised to pay the accused after the Cabbages had been delivered. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOF at para 4.

5 The accused informed Nor that he had extra “barang” (which Nor understood to
mean illicit drugs) to deliver, and promised to pay Nor RM700 for his
assistance. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOF at para 5.

The accused also asked Vikineswaran A/L Kalidas (“Vikineswaran”), an ex-
employee of CCL, to help the accused to deliver the Cabbages in exchange for
money. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOF at para 5.

6 On the night of 12 August 2015, the accused and Nor loaded vegetables onto
the Lorry and drove to the accused’s house located at Bukit Kempas, Johor
Bahru, where they met up with Vikineswaran. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOF at paras 6–7.

The accused then retrieved four plastic bags from his house, each of which
containing two cabbages with heroin that Kumar had earlier passed to him, ie,
the Cabbages. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOF at para 7.

The accused instructed Vikineswaran to place two of the plastic bags at the
bottom left basket of the Lorry, and the remaining two plastic bags at the
bottom right basket. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOF at para 7.

On the accused’s instructions, Nor placed additional baskets containing
vegetables on top of the baskets containing the Cabbages. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOF at para 7.

7 Thereafter, the accused, Nor, and Vikineswaran drove the Lorry to Singapore
and delivered the vegetables to their respective locations. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOF at para 8.

After the last delivery at Pasir Panjang, the accused instructed Vikineswaran
to transfer all the plastic bags containing the Cabbages from the back of the
Lorry to the passenger seat area. They then drove towards “Aik Leong Eating
House”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOF at para 8.

8 On 13 August 2015, at about 6.35am, the accused stopped the Lorry along Ang
Mo Kio Street 53, which was the road beside “Aik Leong Eating House”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOF at para 9.

Jumaat approached the Lorry, and the accused told Nor to pass the four plastic
bags containing the Cabbages to Jumaat. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOF at para 9.

Upon receiving the Cabbages, Jumaat dropped a blue plastic bag containing
S$18,500 through the passenger seat window, which was picked up by
Vikineswaran who placed it at the back of the driver seat. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOF at paras 9–10.

9 The accused, Nor, and Vikineswaran were arrested subsequently at the
Woodlands Checkpoint. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOF at para 10.

Jumaat was also arrested at his food stall located at “Aik Leong Eating
House”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOF at para 11.

The Cabbages were found in Jumaat’s food stall, and each contained one packet
of granular/powdery substances. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOF at para 11.

10 Collectively, the eight packets of granular/powdery substances weighed not
less than 3655.4g, and were analysed and found to contain not less than
147.98g of diamorphine. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOF at para 15.

The charge proceeded with was only in respect of 14.99g of diamorphine. At all
material times, the accused was not authorised under the MDA or the
regulations made thereunder to traffic in diamorphine, a Class A controlled
drug listed in the First Schedule to the MDA. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOF at paras 19, and 16.

11 For sentencing, the Prosecution relied principally on the recent Court of
Appeal case of Suventher Shanmugam v Public Prosecutor [2017] SGCA 25
(“Suventher”) and submitted that the appropriate sentence should be at least
26 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Prosecution’s Skeletal Sentencing Submissions at para 2.

The Prosecution highlighted two aggravating factors. First, the accused
recruited and paid Nor and Vikineswaran to assist him in trafficking in the
diamorphine. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Prosecution’s Skeletal Sentencing Submissions at para 10(a).

Second, the diamorphine was hidden in the Cabbages to avoid detection, and the
accused had further concealed the Cabbages by placing baskets of vegetables on
top of them. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Prosecution’s Skeletal Sentencing Submissions at para 10(b).

12 In mitigation, the Defence pleaded for leniency and urged me to “impose a
minimum sentence”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Plea-in-mitigation at para 13.

To this end, it was highlighted that the accused had pleaded guilty at the
earliest instance and had cooperated with the Central Narcotics Bureau in its
investigations. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Plea-in-mitigation at paras 3–4, and 11.

13 On the facts, the accused was charged for trafficking in 14.99g of
diamorphine. This was a hair’s breadth away from the weight that would have
attracted the mandatory death sentence. Under s 33(1) read with the Second
Schedule of the MDA, the accused faced the punishment that ranged between the
minimum of 20 years’ to the maximum of 30 years’ imprisonment or imprisonment
for life, together with the mandatory 15 strokes of the cane.

14 In this regard, Suventher proved instructive. The following sentencing
guidelines for unauthorised import or trafficking of cannabis were pronounced
by the Court of Appeal (at [29]):

Quantity| Sentencing range  
---|---  
330g to 380g| 20 to 22 years’ imprisonment  
381g to 430g| 23 to 25 years’ imprisonment  
431g to 500g| 26 to 29 years’ imprisonment  
  
15 The Court of Appeal in Suventher emphasised at [28] that the quantity of
drugs that the accused was charged with should be the pointer for determining
the severity of the punishment to be imposed on the offender. Further, the
full range of possible sentences must be considered, although the “indicative
starting point” for the “highest weight range” should be lower than the
maximum sentence so that there was still some discretion for an upward
adjustment where appropriate (see Suventher at [26] and [29]). The Court of
Appeal added that these starting points were not immutable – they “may be
adjusted upward or downward to take into account the offender’s culpability
and the presence of aggravating or mitigating factors” (at [30]). Such
adjustment may lead to the conceivable possibility of the eventual sentence
being outside the indicative range (at [30]).

16 Applying the principles set out in Suventher, and bearing in mind that
14.99g of diamorphine would fall within the highest weight range for offences
involving the trafficking of diamorphine (see also [31]), I found that the
“indicative starting point” for the present offence committed by the accused
was 26 to 29 years’ imprisonment.

17 The Defence accepted that Suventher applied, 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendant’s Submission on Sentencing at para 2.

and that the range of 26 to 29 years’ imprisonment should be the starting
point. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Transcript dated 19 June 2017, p 17, lines 15–17.

However, the Defence pointed out that the Court of Appeal in Suventher did not
disturb the lower court’s sentence of 23 years’ imprisonment even though
Suventher had imported 499.9g of cannabis. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defendant’s Submission on Sentencing at para 7.

It also sought to argue that an imprisonment term of less than 26 years was
warranted on the instant facts in the light of the mitigating factors. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defendant’s Submission on Sentencing at para 8.

Finally, reliance was placed on the unreported case of Public Prosecutor v
Jothiswaran A/L Arumugam (CC 34 of 2017) (“Jothiswaran”), where the accused
received 25 years’ imprisonment (with 15 strokes of the cane) for importing
into Singapore (with common intention) 14.99g of diamorphine (with another
charge taken into consideration). The Defence submitted that Jothiswaran
showed that there were decisions “not within the benchmark that was cited in
Suventher”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript dated 19 June 2017, p 16, lines 18–30; Defendant’s Submission on
Sentencing at para 6.

18 In my view, the Defence’s arguments did not bring it very far. In relation
to Suventher, the Prosecution pointed out that it was an appeal from the
offender against his sentence, and there was no cross-appeal from the
prosecution. In this regard, the tenor and reasoning of the Court of Appeal
([38]–[40]) were to show that Suventher’s sentence “could hardly be said to be
manifestly excessive” (at [40]). While the Court of Appeal did not enhance
Suventher’s sentence in accordance with the new guidelines that were
pronounced, it emphasised at [41] that “as the charge was for a quantity of
drugs that was at the very top of the weight range, the sentence could in fact
have been much more severe” [emphasis added].

19 In assessing the appropriate sentence, I considered the mitigating factors
submitted by the Defence: see [12] above. The accused’s plea and cooperation
saved the court and law enforcement agencies considerable time and resources
and indicated a measure of remorse. I accorded due weight to these factors,
but in my view, a downward adjustment from the starting point of 26 to 29
years’ imprisonment could not be justified after I also took into
consideration the factors raised by the Prosecution in [11] above, which I
agreed were aggravating circumstances. The accused was the recipient of
instructions to deliver the drugs for reward. He had chosen to involve two
other people in his criminal enterprise and manifested premeditation,
especially in the steps taken to avoid detection of the drugs.

20 With respect to the case of Jothiswaran, I agreed with the Prosecution’s
submission that each case must turn on its own facts. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Transcript dated 19 June 2017, p 20, lines 9–10.

One key fact that justified the particular sentence for Jothiswaran was his
lower level of involvement in the transaction to bring drugs into Singapore.
Instead, it was one Tamil Alagan A/L Gunasekaran (“Tamil”), who had planned
and orchestrated the relevant transaction, with Jothiswaran merely acting
“according to Tamil’s instructions”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Prosecution’s Skeletal Sentencing Submissions at Tab B (Tamil’s SOF in CC 38
of 2017 at paras 14–16).

To be sure, Tamil was sentenced to a longer term of 27 years’ imprisonment
(with the mandatory caning) for the offence of trafficking (with common
intention) in 14.99g of diamorphine (with another charge taken into
consideration). 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Prosecution’s Skeletal Sentencing Submissions at para 8 and Tab B (Form 57).

21 The tough stance that the law held in regard to such offences was already
incorporated in the sentences prescribed in the MDA (see [13] above). Looking
at all the circumstances of the present case in the round, I was of the view
that 26 years’ imprisonment was appropriate for this case. In the premises, I
sentenced the accused to 26 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane. In
exercise of my discretion under s 318 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68,
2012 Rev Ed), I ordered that the imprisonment shall take effect from the date
of remand (ie, 13 August 2015).

Foo Chee Hock

  
Judicial Commissioner

Ong Luan Tze and Zhuo Wenzhao (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Public
Prosecutor;

  

Allagarsamy s/o Palaniyappan (Allagarsamy & Co) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

