Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the HIGH COURT of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 301

Originating Summons No 675 of 2017 (Registrar’s Appeal No 232 of 2017)  

In the matter of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev
Ed)AndIn the matter of Order 53 rule 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2014 Rev Ed)AndIn the matter of section 85(6) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap
161, 2009 Rev Ed)  
---  
  
| Nalpon, Zero Geraldo Mario  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Administrative Law] — [Judicial review] — [Leave]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Nalpon, Zero Geraldo Mario

[2017] SGHC 301

High Court — Originating Summons No 675 of 2017 (Registrar’s Appeal No 232 of
2017)  
See Kee Oon J  
18 September 2017

20 November 2017

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 In May 2017, Mr Zero Geraldo Mario Nalpon (“the applicant”) lodged a
complaint with the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”) in respect of
three lawyers who were his opposing counsel in a civil suit (“the Lawyers”).
He alleged that the Lawyers were guilty of conduct unbefitting of an advocate
and solicitor because of the manner in which they had conducted the
proceedings in that suit. Review Committee No 035 of 2017 (“the Review
Committee”) was constituted to examine his complaint. In due course, the
Review Committee informed the applicant that there was no support for his
complaint and directed that it be dismissed. Dissatisfied with the Review
Committee’s decision, the applicant filed the present Originating Summons No
675 of 2017 (“OS 675/2017”), an ex parte application for leave to commence
judicial review proceedings in respect of that decision.

2 During a Pre-Trial Conference (“PTC”) for OS 675/2017, the Law Society,
which had originally listed itself as a respondent to the action, indicated
that it had taken steps to remove itself as a party. However, it did not
remove the Notice of Appointment of its own solicitors (“the Notice of
Appointment”) from the record. When the applicant objected to this, Assistant
Registrar James Elisha Lee (“AR Lee”) stated that he was not minded to direct
the removal of the Notice of Appointment from the record. The applicant then
filed Registrar’s Appeal No 232 of 2017 (“RA 232/2017”), ostensibly appealing
against AR Lee’s direction.

3 OS 675/2017 and RA 232/2017 came before me on 18 September 2017. After
hearing the parties, I made no order on RA 232/2017 as I was of the view that
AR Lee’s direction was not a judicial decision that could be appealed against.
I dismissed OS 675/2017 and denied the applicant leave to commence judicial
review proceedings because I did not consider that he had made out a prima
facie case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the remedies he
sought. The applicant has filed an appeal against my decision to dismiss OS
675/2017 and I now set out the full grounds for my decision.

Background facts and procedural history

4 The Lawyers were acting for the plaintiff in Suit No 1083 of 2012, Innovez
ID Pte Ltd (“Innovez”), a construction and renovation company. The applicant
was acting for the defendant in that suit, Mr Wong Yoke Shin (“Mr Wong”), who
was purportedly Innovez’s project manager responsible for securing its
contracts. The suit was commenced against Mr Wong, inter alia, for a breach of
his warranty that the costs and expenses for a project at 86 Jalan Pemimpin
Singapore 577237 (“the Pemimpin Project”) would be about $900,000. Relying on
this, Innovez accepted the Pemimpin Project at a contract price of $1,507,000.
However, Innovez alleged that Mr Wong caused or allowed the actual costs and
expenses of the Pemimpin Project to escalate to $1,936,453.86. Innovez
therefore claimed that it had suffered a loss of more than $400,000. Mr Wong,
on the other hand, insisted that the Pemimpin Project was profit-generating.

5 At the hearing of a discovery application in early 2014, the applicant
argued that certain documents disclosed by Innovez supported Mr Wong’s
position that Innovez had not made a loss on the Pemimpin Project. In order to
determine the profitability of the Pemimpin Project, Innovez filed an
application for an account to be taken in respect of the Pemimpin Project,
pursuant to O 43 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the
Rules of Court”). This application was heard by Assistant Registrar Wong
Baochen (“AR Wong”) over six days in 2015. During the taking of accounts,
Innovez took the position that the Pemimpin Project was its only ongoing
project at the material time, while Mr Wong strenuously denied that this was
the case.

6 AR Wong delivered her grounds of decision for the application on 7 July 2016
and made certain findings on the cost and expenses of the Pemimpin Project.
She noted that the taking of accounts “presented significant difficulties”
because the issue of liability had not been determined yet. She was therefore
careful not to make findings that would circumscribe the proceedings before
the trial judge. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of the applicant in support of OS 675/2017 p 39 at para 7

In particular, she reiterated that there was “no real evidence” with regard to
some of the “broader issues” before her and hence “no findings of fact” that
could be made as to (a) whether Innovez had more than one project at the
material time; instead, this was a “finding of fact that [could] be canvassed
and determined at trial” and (b) whether Innovez had withheld or was still
withholding documents from Mr Wong and the court, such as evidence of its
income and expenditure, which again was a matter that could be “canvassed at
trial”. She opined that these broader issues were in any event not directly
relevant to the taking of accounts; rather, the trial judge should have
latitude to hear the evidence and make the appropriate findings at trial. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of the applicant in support of OS 675/2017 pp 57-59 para 47, 48(a),
(c) and (d)

7 Discontented with AR Wong’s decision, Mr Wong appealed. Hoo Sheau Peng JC
(as she then was) heard and dismissed the appeal on 23 November 2016. The
applicant then made an application on behalf of Mr Wong to request for further
arguments to be heard, asserting that the taking of accounts had proceeded on
the erroneous basis that Innovez only had one project at that time. In fact,
the applicant contended, Innovez had withheld certain documents such as
invoices and there were “much more bank deposits and other work than
declared”. Hoo JC heard the further arguments on 27 December 2016 but did not
change her decision. The applicant filed an application for leave to appeal to
the Court of Appeal. This was dismissed by Hoo JC on 23 January 2017.

8 On 14 February 2017, Innovez, through its director Mr Tang Wai Chong Eldee
(“Mr Tang”), lodged a complaint with the Law Society against the applicant for
“threatening criminal action against Innovez and its representatives,
including wrongfully accusing Mr Tang of committing perjury”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of the applicant in support of OS 675/2017 pp 21-23

Mr Tang alleged that throughout the application for taking of accounts and the
corresponding appeal before Hoo JC, the applicant had made “numerous personal
attacks” on various parties, including allegations that the Lawyers were
“misleading the court”. Innovez pointed out that AR Wong had, in her Notes of
Evidence for the taking of accounts, noted the “numerous statements [made in
the applicant’s written submissions] that were essentially personal attacks on
various members on [Innovez’s] side” and that “there [was] clearly no need for
personal attacks in Court documents. Such professional discourtesy should not
be encouraged or even condoned”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of the applicant in support of OS 675/2017 pp 59-60

9 It was in this context that the applicant filed his complaint to the Law
Society on 2 May 2017 against the Lawyers. His main grievance was that Innovez
had “lied that [it] had only one project or work during the period [from]
December 2010 to December 2012”. This was first stated by Mr Tang in his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief for the suit, and “perpetuated” by Innovez’s
auditor, Mr Kelvin Thio, in his Report of Investigation on the suit. The
Lawyers further referred to this during the cross examination of Mr Wong, in
their written and reply submissions and in the correspondence between the
parties and with the court. The applicant alleged that the Lawyers were fully
aware that Innovez was engaged in other projects during the material period.
In fact, the applicant claimed, Innovez had deliberately withheld or concealed
a substantial portion of their invoices, payment vouchers and bank deposits
which would have shown that it had been conducting other projects or work. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of the applicant in support of OS 675/2017 pp 14-19

It should be noted that these were the same allegations on which basis the
applicant claimed, in his correspondence with the Lawyers and the court, that
Innovez (through Mr Tang) had committed perjury and the Lawyers had misled the
court. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Affidavit of the applicant in support of OS 675/2017 pp 28, 30, 33

The accusations made by the applicant led to Innovez’s complaint to the Law
Society against him in February 2017, as outlined in the preceding paragraph.

10 In the applicant’s complaint to the Law Society, he alleged that the
Lawyers’ conduct was unbefitting of an advocate and solicitor because of
purported breaches of the following six provisions of the Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules 2015 (S 706/2015):

(a) Rule 9(2)(a) – attempting to mislead the court and a legal practitioner
during the application for taking of accounts, by submitting that Innovez had
only one project during the material period;

(b) Rule 9(2)(g) – contriving the fact that Innovez only had one project when
evidence clearly showed otherwise;

(c) Rule 10(3)(a) – assisting their clients to suppress evidence in the form
of the payment vouchers, invoices and bank account deposits;

(d) Rule 10(3)(b) – assisting their client to give false information to the
court that Innovez only had one project;

(e) Rule 10(4)(a) – continuing to act for their client when it had given false
information to the court;

(f) Rule 10(4)(b) – perpetuating Innovez’s falsehood that it was working on
only one project “after it had been exposed numerous times”.

11 On 18 May 2017, the Review Committee was constituted to examine the
applicant’s complaint. On 25 May 2017, the Review Committee rendered its
decision in the form of a letter to the applicant. The letter read as follows:
7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Affidavit of the applicant in support of OS 675/2017 pp 499-500

REPORT OF THE REVIEW COMMITTEE

1\. This Review Committee was constituted on 18 May 2017.

2\. The Complainant’s complaints are set out at Paragraph 3 of the
Complainant’s letter dated 2 May 2017 to the Law Society.

3\. However, the information and documents provided by the Complainant do not
provide any support for any of the complaints.

4\. For the above reasons, the Committee is unanimously of the view that the
Complainant’s complaints are lacking in substance and directs the Council to
dismiss them.

12 On 16 June 2017, the applicant filed OS 675/2017, an ex parte application
for leave to commence judicial review proceedings in relation to the Review
Committee’s decision, seeking the following reliefs: (a) a quashing order
against the decision of the Review Committee and (b) an order that his
complaint be reheard by a freshly constituted review committee. His affidavit
in support of the application substantially repeated his complaint to the Law
Society as set out at [9] and [10] above. In addition, he took issue with the
fact that the Review Committee rendered its decision only seven days from the
date of its inception (even though the supporting evidence he submitted
constituted about 500 pages) and thereafter made the “simplistic
pronouncement” that “the information and documents provided by the [applicant]
[did] not provide any support for any of the complaints”. He further claimed
that the Review Committee did not exercise its powers under s 85(7) of the
Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) to call the applicant
or the Lawyers to answer any inquiry or furnish any record. He thus grounded
his judicial review application on the basis that the decision of the Review
Committee was “so outrageous in its defiance of logic or of the accepted moral
standards that no sensible person who had applied his mind to the question to
be decided could have arrived at it”. This was the test applied in the English
House of Lords decision of Council of Civil Service Unions v Minister for the
Civil Service [1984] 3 WLR 1174 at 1196. The applicant alleged that there was
“clear evidence” that Innovez had lied that it had only one project during the
material period and there was “sufficient evidence” that the Lawyers had full
knowledge of this fact. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Affidavit of the applicant in support of OS 675/2017 paras 11-13

13 Although OS 675/2017 was filed as an ex parte application, on 21 June 2017,
the Law Society filed the Notice of Appointment, listing itself as a
respondent in the action, with KSCGP Juris LLP as its solicitor on record. The
applicant objected to this through various letters to court and to the Law
Society. At a PTC before AR Lee on 24 July 2017, counsel for the Law Society,
Mr P Padman (“Mr Padman”) indicated that his instructions were to “remain in
the action”. However, AR Lee expressed the view that the addition of the Law
Society at that point in time was an “irregularity”. AR Lee then directed that
the title in the action was to be amended to remove the Law Society as a
party. At the following PTC before AR Lee on 14 August 2017, Mr Padman
indicated that he had filed a request to withdraw the Law Society from the
action. The applicant contended that if that was the case, the Notice of
Appointment should similarly be removed from the record. Mr Padman indicated
that he had no instructions to remove the Notice of Appointment and that the
Law Society would be seeking leave for its solicitors to attend the hearing of
OS 675/2017 on a watching brief. AR Lee stated that he was “not minded” to
direct that the Notice of Appointment be removed. On 28 August 2017, the
applicant filed RA 232/2017, ostensibly appealing against AR Lee’s direction
that he was not minded to order the removal of the Notice of Appointment.

RA 232/2017

The parties’ arguments

14 In the applicant’s affidavit in support of RA 232/2017, he alleged that
because OS 675/2017 was an ex parte application, it was “completely illegal”
for any other party to be part of the proceedings. The only other party that
was required to be served was the Attorney-General pursuant to O 53 r 1(2) of
the Rules of Court. It was only if the court decided that it would be useful
to hear the application inter partes to dispose of the merits of the
substantive application, and invited the putative respondent to attend at the
hearing of the leave application and to make representations, that any other
party could be involved in the proceedings. Since this direction had not been
made, it made no sense for the Notice of Appointment to remain on the record
as the Law Society was effectively a “non existent” party. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Affidavit of the applicant in support of RA 232/2017 p 1 para 2, p 2 para 3, p
8 para 16 and p 9 para 17

15 In response, counsel for the Law Society relied on Manjit Singh s/o Kirpal
Singh and another v Attorney-General [2013] 2 SLR 1108 at [17] and [18] to
argue that the Law Society had the right to hold a watching brief in the leave
application, because of (a) its undeniable statutory role in the ongoing
disciplinary proceedings, a part of which the applicant sought to challenge
and (b) the fact that its presence would not cause any prejudice to the
applicant. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Certified transcript p 7 lines 4-19

Analysis

16 As the applicant was well aware, this was not the first time that an appeal
of this nature had come before the High Court. In an earlier, unrelated case,
the applicant had lodged a complaint against another senior lawyer. The
circumstances in that case were comparable to those in the present one. The
review committee in that case had also directed the Council to dismiss the
applicant’s complaint. Dissatisfied with the review committee’s decision, the
applicant similarly filed an ex parte originating summons for leave to bring
judicial review proceedings to challenge the review committee’s decision.
Counsel for the Law Society, WongPartnership LLP (“WongPartnership”), filed a
notice of appointment of solicitors in the action. At a PTC before AR Lee, the
applicant orally applied for AR Lee to direct WongPartnership to withdraw that
notice, contending that the Law Society was not entitled to be present or to
be heard in an ex parte application. WongPartnership resisted the application.
AR Lee declined to make the direction sought by the applicant as he was of the
view that the matter should be decided by the judge hearing the originating
summons.

17 The applicant appealed against that direction, which came before Woo Bih Li
J. In his Grounds of Decision (reported at Nalpon Zero Geraldo Mario v Law
Society of Singapore [2017] SGHC 206), Woo J indicated (at [28]) that he
informed the parties that AR Lee had not rendered a judicial decision and that
there was consequently no need for the applicant file an appeal therefrom.
Nonetheless, he continued to hear the applicant’s objection to the notice of
appointment filed by WongPartnership. In the end, Woo J was of the view (at
[29]) that although the Law Society was not entitled to be heard on an ex
parte application, it could be heard on an opposed ex parte basis, and thus
allowed WongPartnership to attend at the hearing of the leave application.

18 I saw no reason to differ from the reasoning adopted by Woo J. I was
similarly of the view that AR Lee’s direction in the present case was
essentially an administrative, rather than a judicial, decision and should not
have been appealable. Consequently, I made no order on RA 232/2016. I
proceeded with the hearing of OS 675/2017 on an ex parte basis, as the Law
Society had already withdrawn itself from the action. However, I allowed
counsel for the Law Society to continue in attendance on a watching brief as I
was satisfied that it had an interest in the proceedings, and the applicant
did not show that the Law Society’s attendance would cause prejudice to him.
For avoidance of doubt, I did not invite the Law Society to participate in the
hearing of OS 675/2017.

OS 675/2017

19 I turn then to consider the main application, which was for leave to
commence judicial review proceedings in respect of the decision of the Review
Committee.

Legal principles

20 For leave to be granted under O 53 r 1 of the Rules of Court, the following
three requirements must be satisfied:

(a) the matter complained of must be susceptible to judicial review;

(b) the plaintiff must have a sufficient interest or standing in the matter;
and

(c) the material before the court must disclose an arguable case or prima
facie case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the public law
remedies sought by the plaintiff.

See Jeyaretnam Kenneth Andrew v Attorney-General [2014] 1 SLR 345 at [5] and
Axis Law Corp v Intellectual Property Office of Singapore [2016] 4 SLR 554 at
[55].

21 Only limb (c), that is, whether the applicant had established an arguable
or prima facie case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting leave, was
an issue in the present case. It is clear that judicial review is limited to
the decision-making process and does not extend to a review of the merits of
the decision itself. Findings of fact are also not within the purview of such
a review: Chee Siok Chin and others v Minister for Home Affairs and another
[2006] 1 SLR(R) 582 (“Chee Siok Chin”) at [93]. The question is whether a
quick perusal of the material discloses what may on further consideration turn
out to be an arguable case in favour of granting the applicant the relief
claimed: Chai Chwan v Singapore Medical Council [2009] SGHC 115 (“Chai Chwan”)
at [30]. An in-depth examination is inappropriate and the court is not
permitted to resolve conflicting factual evidence and arguments in order to
decide whether to grant or refuse leave: see Chai Chwan at [32]. Instead, an
application for leave is simply a means of filtering out groundless or
hopeless cases at an early stage; its aim is to prevent a wasteful use of
judicial time and to protect public bodies from harassment that may arise:
Public Service Commission v Lai Swee Lin Linda [2001] 1 SLR(R) 133 at [23].

22 The applicant’s ground for judicial review is irrationality or Wednesbury
unreasonableness. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Certified transcript p 11 lines 12-22

Wednesbury unreasonableness is a shorthand legal reference to the English
Court of Appeal decision of Associated Provincial Picture Houses, Limited v
Wednesbury Corporation [1948] 1 KB 223 at 229–230, where Lord Greene MR stated
that the court can interfere if a decision made is “so unreasonable that no
reasonable authority could ever have come to it”, for example if a red-haired
teacher were dismissed because she had red hair. In other words, the decision
had to be “so outrageously defiant of “logic” and “propriety” that it can be
plainly seen that no reasonable person would or could come to that decision”:
see Chee Siok Chin at [94]. The court in Chee Siok Chin also opined at [95] as
follows:

Reasonableness in arriving at a determination does not, however, mean that
there should be a single inevitable approach or determination in any given
matter. The essence of reasonableness is that decision makers can in good
faith arrive at quite different decisions based on the same facts: there is an
inherent measure of latitude in assessing reasonableness…

[emphasis added]

In this light, the test for Wednesbury unreasonableness sets a “high bar” for
the applicant to meet: Manjit Singh s/o Kirpal Singh and another v Attorney-
General [2013] 4 SLR 483 (“Manjit Singh (CA)”) at [7].

Analysis

23 The issue in this leave application was a narrow one, namely, was there a
prima facie case of reasonable suspicion that the decision of the Review
Committee directing a dismissal of the applicant’s complaint was Wednesbury
unreasonable? It could not seriously be disputed that the decision of the
Review Committee was brief. The only ground given for directing a dismissal of
the applicant’s complaint was that “the information and documents provided by
the [applicant] [did] not provide any support for any of the complaints”.
Nonetheless, in my judgment, the high threshold of Wednesbury unreasonableness
had not been crossed. The sensible inference to be drawn from the Review
Committee’s letter was that it had properly considered the complaint by the
applicant and simply found no basis for his grievance.

24 The applicant insinuated that the Review Committee could not possibly have
assessed all the evidence presented to it in only seven days (or four working
days). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Certified transcript p 19 lines 1-6

There were several issues with this argument. First, it was not the role of
the Review Committee to carry out a detailed examination of the underlying
facts; otherwise, it would essentially be descending into the fray and making
a finding of fact which was solely within the remit of the trial judge after
he or she had heard the witnesses and reviewed the evidence adduced at trial.
Given that this was the case, I did not consider that there were good grounds
for the applicant’s intimation that the Review Committee had failed to give
due consideration to his complaint.

25 Second, the fact that the applicant evidently disagreed with the outcome of
the Review Committee’s decision did not ipso facto mean that the Review
Committee’s decision was Wednesbury unreasonable. As explained in Chee Siok
Chin at [95] (see [22] above), reasonableness in arriving at a determination
does not mean that there should be a single inevitable approach or
determination in any given matter. In any event, there were in my view
reasonable grounds in support of the Review Committee’s decision. This was
because no finding had yet been made on the key factual contention of whether
Innovez had only one project at the material time, which was the subject of
three of the applicant’s six complaints against the Lawyers. AR Wong herself
declined to make a finding on it, preferring to leave this matter to the trial
judge (see [6] above). Without a conclusive finding on this key factual
premise, there was no basis for concluding that the Lawyers had attempted to
mislead the court or to contrive facts in this regard during the taking of
accounts.

26 At the hearing of OS 675/2017, the applicant went through the supporting
documents in detail in an attempt to prove that the Lawyers had indeed misled
the court. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Certified transcript pp 13-18

But as explained at [21] above, it was not my role, in the determination of
the leave application on a prima facie level, to conduct an in-depth
examination of the documents in order to resolve conflicting factual evidence,
much less make a ruling in his favour before the matter proceeded to trial. I
should add that the applicant is not left without recourse – he is at liberty
to pursue his client’s substantive case before the trial judge, who may well
find in his client’s favour, if indeed there is (as he claimed) clear
supporting documentation that supports that position. If, after the
determination by the trial judge, the applicant remained of the view that the
Lawyers had deliberately misled the court, it would be open to him to bring
further proceedings against the Lawyers.

27 I turn then to consider a separate point not expressly raised in the
applicant’s affidavit supporting the leave application, that is, whether the
apparent failure of the Review Committee to give reasons for its decision
rendered it Wednesbury unreasonable. This was presumably the underlying
premise of the applicant’s complaint about the “simplistic pronouncement” in
the Review Committee’s letter that the documents he provided did not support
his complaint. The argument was ostensibly that in its brief grounds, the
Review Committee had failed to explain why the documents and information
provided did not support his complaint.

28 The immediate difficulty with such a contention is that there remains no
general common law duty to give reasons for administrative decisions in
Singapore, unless a decision appears to be aberrant or involves matters of
special importance to the applicant such as personal liberty: see Manjit Singh
s/o Kirpal Singh and another v Attorney-General [2013] 2 SLR 844 at [85] and
Manjit Singh (CA) at [10]. The Court of Appeal had, in so holding, followed
the English House of Lords decision of Regina v Secretary of State for the
Home Department, ex parte Doody [1994] 1 AC 531. Neither of the two
exceptional circumstances existed on the facts of the present application. If
at all, it was the Lawyers, rather than the applicant himself, who were more
likely to be affected by any decision of the Review Committee.

29 The Court of Appeal in Manjit Singh (CA) acknowledged at [13] however that
whether there is a requirement to furnish reasons is “dependent on the
operative statutory context and factual matrix of each case” [emphasis added].
In the present case, there is a good arguable case that s 85(8)(a) of the Act
itself imposes a duty on the Review Committee to provide reasons. Section
85(8)(a) states that if the Review Committee is unanimously of the opinion
that the complaint is for example, lacking in substance, it shall direct the
Council to dismiss the matter and “give the reasons for the dismissal”
[emphasis added]. But in my assessment, the Review Committee’s statement that
the information and documents provided no support for the applicant’s
complaint was itself a reason for the dismissal of his complaint. The natural
inference from its statement was that it had reviewed the documents submitted
by the applicant and reasoned that they provided no support for his
complaints, possibly on the basis that no findings of fact had been made on a
critical issue. While the Review Committee’s reason for dismissing the
complaint was admittedly very brief, an assertion that more extensive or
better reasons should have been given is not a recognised ground for review.

30 For completeness, I should add that the fact that the Review Committee had
not required the applicant or the Lawyers to answer any inquiry or furnish any
record under s 85(7) of the Act could not be the basis for asserting that its
decision was Wednesbury unreasonable, as the applicant suggested (see [12]
above). Parliament had clearly vested the discretion to take such further
steps in the Review Committee, as evident from the use of the word “may” in
that provision. In other words, the Review Committee could choose to do so
when it considered the inquiry or furnishing of records “relevant for the
purpose of the review”. But there was no obligation on the Review Committee to
call for the answers to inquiries or the furnishing of records; the applicant
conceded as much during the hearing. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Certified transcript p 18 lines 19-25

In the present case, the Review Committee must have taken the position that
the invocation of this procedure was unnecessary in the circumstances.

Conclusion

31 For these reasons, I dismissed OS 675/2017. In my judgment, the applicant
had not made out even a prima facie case of reasonable suspicion that the
Review Committee’s decision to direct the dismissal of his complaint was
Wednesbury unreasonable. In the premises, it was not necessary for me to
address the issue of whether the Law Society should be directed to withdraw
the Notice of Appointment. I further made no order as to costs.

See Kee Oon

Judge

The applicant in person;  
P Padman and Timothy Yeo (KSCGP Juris LLP) for the non-party.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

