Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the family justice courts of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHCF 15

District Court Appeal No 158 of 2016  
(Summons No 171 of 2017)

Between

TUC  
---  
  
… Appellant/Respondent

And

TUD  
---  
  
… Respondent/Applicant

  

In the matter of Originating Summons  
(Family Justice Courts) No 68 of 2016

Between

TUC  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

TUD  
---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil Procedure] — [Appeals] — [Leave to Appeal]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TUC

  
v

  

TUD

[2017] SGHCF 15

High Court Family — District Court Appeal No 158 of 2016 (Summons No 171 of
2017)  
Judith Prakash JA  
26 May 2017

22 June 2017

Judith Prakash JA:

Introduction

1 This was an application for leave to appeal against the decision of the High
Court in TUC v TUD [2017] SGHCF 12 (“the Judgment”). Having heard the
application on 26 May 2017, I dismissed it with costs. The Judgment contained
the High Court’s reasons for allowing an appeal against the decision of a
District Judge in the Family Court. The unusual feature of this bench was that
it comprised three Judges instead of the usual single High Court Judge who
hears appeals from a decision of a District Judge. In dismissing the
application, I expressed the view to counsel that in a situation like this,
the usual grounds founding an application to appeal are inapplicable. This
judgment gives the reasons for that view and for the dismissal of the
application.

The background

2 The original application in the Family Court was made under s 8 of the
International Child Abduction Act (Cap 143C, 2011 Rev Ed) (“the ICAA”). The
applicant in that application, who subsequently became the appellant in the
appeal before the High Court (and whom I shall refer to as “the Father”), was
the father of two young boys. His application was for an order that the two
children be returned from Singapore to San Francisco, California, USA. He
alleged that the children had been wrongfully retained in Singapore by their
mother, his wife, in breach of his rights of custody under US law. The
District Judge who heard the matter dismissed his application. The Father then
appealed to the High Court. The respondent to the application and to the
appeal was the wife (whom I shall refer to as “the Mother”).

3 Section 23(3)(a) of the Family Justice Act 2014 (No 27 of 2014) provides
that an appeal to the High Court from a decision of a Family Court may be
heard before one Judge or three Judges. The present matter required the High
Court to consider, for the first time, the approach to determining “habitual
residence” under Art 3 of the Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of
International Child Abduction (the provisions of which are set out in the
Schedule to the ICAA and have the force of law in Singapore), and also the
approach to construing the exception of “consent” under Art 13(a).
Accordingly, to ensure that these issues would be given the fullest possible
consideration, the Chief Justice appointed a bench of three to sit in the High
Court to hear the appeal from the District Judge’s decision. The members of
the bench were the Chief Justice, Andrew Phang JA and me. I shall refer to
this bench as “the Court” hereafter. All three members of the Court are
permanent judges of the Court of Appeal. Additionally, an amicus curiae was
appointed to address specific questions on the interpretation of the Hague
Convention.

4 The Court heard the appeal on 16 March 2017 and reserved judgment. On 9 May
2017, it allowed the appeal and ordered that the children be returned to San
Francisco, California, USA. It gave detailed reasons for its decision in the
Judgment. In brief, the Court rejected the Mother’s argument that the children
were habitually resident in Singapore and that she had not wrongfully retained
them here. It found, instead, that the children were habitually resident in
California, USA immediately before the date on which they had been wrongfully
retained. It also found that the Father did not consent to such retention.

5 On 16 May 2017, the Mother filed an application for leave to appeal as she
had no right of appeal. This is provided by s 34(5) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”):

(5) Except with the leave of the Court of Appeal, or of a Judge of the Family
Division of the High Court, no appeal shall be brought to the Court of Appeal
from any decision, judgment or order of the Family Division of the High Court
involving the exercise of the appellate civil jurisdiction referred to in
section 23 of the Family Justice Act 2014.

Section 35 of the SCJA provides that wherever an application may be made
either to the High Court or to the Court of Appeal, it shall be made in the
first instance to the High Court.

6 Since s 34(5) of the SCJA says, on its face, that leave may be granted by “a
Judge of the Family Division of the High Court”, the Mother’s application for
leave was fixed for hearing before me sitting alone. In any event, neither
party objected to this application being heard by a single Judge.

The grounds for granting leave to appeal

7 The long-established legal position is that leave to appeal may be granted
if the applicant persuades the court that there is (a) a prima facie case of
error; (b) a question of general principle decided for the first time; or (c)
a question of importance upon which further argument and a decision of a
higher tribunal would be to the public advantage. These grounds were set out
in the Court of Appeal’s decision in Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong [1997] 2
SLR(R) 862 (“Lee Kuan Yew”) at [16].

The usual grounds do not apply in this case

8 The Mother’s submissions in support of her application were based on the
second and third grounds. Counsel for the Mother, Ms Wong Kai Yun, clarified
at the start of the hearing that she was not arguing that there was any prima
facie error of law in the Judgment. She correctly conceded that there was no
basis for such an argument in view of the absence of any decision or statute
setting out a legal position contrary to that established and followed in the
Judgment.

9 Before dealing with the substance of the Mother’s submissions, I should say
that her reliance on the second and third grounds seemed misplaced in view of
how the appeal had been managed. Those grounds were designed for the usual
situation in which a single High Court Judge sits in an appellate capacity in
respect of a decision given by the District Court. In that situation, it may
be that further consideration by a bench of three or more Judges at a senior
level may be necessary or helpful or advantageous. The position here was
different not only because of the number of Judges but also because the
constitution of the bench made it plain that in effect the Court of Appeal was
sitting albeit as a bench of the High Court.

10 It was precisely because there were questions of general principle to be
decided for the first time, on which a decision by a higher tribunal would be
to the public advantage, that three members of the Court of Appeal sat in the
High Court to hear this appeal. It was for the same reason that an amicus
curiae was appointed. All three Judges who heard this appeal were involved in
the first case under the ICAA to reach the Court of Appeal, BDU v BDT [2014] 2
SLR 725. In that matter, I was the High Court Judge who heard the appeal from
the District Court’s decision (see BDU v BDT [2013] 3 SLR 535) and Menon CJ
and Phang JA were two of the three Judges who heard the appeal from my
decision. That matter was drawn out, however, by having to proceed through two
tiers of appeal.

11 In this case, if the children were found to have been wrongfully removed or
retained in Singapore, then the objective of the Hague Convention – to secure
the prompt return of such children – would have been compromised by the time
the final appeal was concluded. Thus, three members of the Court of Appeal
heard the matter directly on appeal from the Family Court this time around. In
this way, the application could be disposed of expeditiously while still
allowing for the issues of law to be given ample consideration.

12 More generally, it is not often that an appeal to the High Court will be
heard by three Judges. Such a procedure is necessary only when there are novel
or important legal issues requiring detailed examination. It may fairly be
presumed that the resulting decision will consider the issues at some length
and the analysis thereof will be highly persuasive. The argument that a
further appeal is justified because there is a question of general principle
decided for the first time, or a question of importance on which a decision of
a higher tribunal would be of public advantage, therefore loses most of its
force. Indeed, I would say that in the circumstances of this case in
particular (see [10] above), the second ground is totally inapplicable.

13 I am thus of the view that if an appeal is heard by a High Court bench
comprising three Judges, leave to appeal against that decision should not be
granted on the second and third grounds save in exceptional circumstances. One
possible exception is where the bench of three is split on the result. Even
then, however, the divergence of opinion must be on a point of law rather than
a finding of fact. Otherwise, there will be no question of general principle
or question of importance on which the Court of Appeal’s authoritative
guidance is needed. All that it will be asked to do is to sift through the
facts again in order to determine whether the lower court’s findings were
correct. That is not a permissible reason for granting leave to appeal.

14 Another possible exception is this: the decision of the High Court is
unanimous, but it has expressed disagreement with legal principles set out in
a decision of the Court of Appeal though it was bound by law to apply them, or
has departed from an established line of High Court authority. In such a
situation, the question of law may not have been decided for the first time,
but there may be cause for revisiting it, for example, because of developments
in other jurisdictions. If so, it may be considered necessary to grant leave
to appeal on the third ground in order for the Court of Appeal to have an
opportunity to provide guidance on the issue.

15 In this case, neither of the possible exceptions was relevant. Thus,
neither the second nor the third ground could possibly apply. In any event, I
will now explain why I did not find the Mother’s arguments in support of her
application persuasive.

Habitual residence

16 To begin with, the Mother argued that the test of habitual residence set
out in the Judgment would cause uncertainty and that further guidance from the
Court of Appeal was required. In essence, her contention was that the Court
appeared, in the Judgment, to have laid down a two-step test of habitual
residence. This test requires a court to ask, first, whether there is joint
parental intention to relocate; and secondly, whether the children’s length of
stay in the new country was long enough to indicate sufficient integration. In
her view, framing the test in this way gives primacy to parental intention and
is a departure from the “child-centric hybrid approach” endorsed by the courts
in other jurisdictions. Further, she submitted that although the Court said
that the test of habitual residence required a court to consider all the
circumstances of the case, in applying that test the Court applied two main
factors, namely, parental intention and the length of stay of the children. It
was unclear whether this two-step analysis was what the Court really meant to
propound in the Judgment and, therefore, further guidance from the Court of
Appeal would be to the public advantage.

17 For the purpose of dealing with the Mother’s arguments, it is neither
necessary nor desirable to elaborate on the test of habitual residence that
the Court set out in the Judgment. It is sufficient to refer to the summary of
the applicable principles at [74] of the Judgment. The Court noted that the
question of habitual residence was “ultimately a question of fact to be
determined having regard to all the circumstances of the cases”, which
included the joint intentions of the parents and the objective indicia of the
child’s integration in the new jurisdiction. The Court added its observations
on the two factors of parental intention and the children’s length of stay,
noting that joint parental intention could be a significant factor in
determining the habitual residence of young children, and that the longer the
period of the children’s stay in the new country, the less relevant would be
the parents’ joint intentions in determining whether the child’s habitual
residence had changed. However, the Court stressed that none of this derogated
from the general point that the search for habitual residence depended on all
the circumstances of the case.

18 As this summary makes plain, parental intention and the length of stay of
the children are but two factors to be weighed with all the circumstances of
the case in determining a child’s habitual residence. It is not correct, as
the Mother contends, that the Court reduced the test of habitual residence to
a two-step test. Thus, there was nothing that required clarification by the
Court of Appeal and the Mother’s main argument for granting leave to appeal
was not convincing.

19 I would add that the extent to which the test of habitual residence the
Court set out was “parent-centric” or “child-centric” is not a matter on which
the Court of Appeal needs to provide clarification. These labels are not legal
concepts; they are used by commentators to classify the various approaches to
determining habitual residence that have been enunciated by contracting States
to the Hague Convention. Whether the Court’s formulation of the test of
habitual residence should be characterised as “parent-centric” or “child-
centric” is a debate whose proper province is beyond the courts. It cannot be
a reason to grant leave to appeal.

20 The Mother argued, further, that the Court relied heavily on parental
intention and the length of stay of the children even though it had stated
that the test of habitual residence required a court to consider all the
circumstances of the case. In my opinion, this argument could not justify a
further appeal. At its highest, this argument is that the court should not
have given significant weight to those two factors. The Mother essentially
disagrees with the Court’s application of the test of habitual residence and
believes that a different court would reach a different result on the issue of
the children’s habitual residence. However, determining a child’s habitual
residence requires a court to consider and weigh various factors. The weight
to be given to any one factor varies from case to case and involves a fact-
sensitive value judgment. Even if an appellate court weighs the factors
differently from a lower court, and thus reaches a different conclusion, its
assessment is one made on the facts of the particular case. There is thus no
question of general importance which would justify granting leave to appeal in
the first place.

21 This reasoning is supported by the Court of Appeal’s decision in IW v IX
[2006] 1 SLR(R) 135. In that case, it was argued that the weight to be given
to various factors in deciding whether custody with one parent was in the
welfare of a child was a question of general importance which justified the
granting of leave to appeal (at [25]). The Court of Appeal rejected this
argument, explaining (at [27] to [28]) that the weight to be given to each of
the various relevant factors varies from case to case and is essentially an
exercise of judgment. Accordingly, the court was not satisfied that it should
grant leave to appeal under the second and third grounds of Lee Kuan Yew ([7]
supra).

Consent

22 Regarding the test of consent, the Mother argued that there was no evidence
that she knew of the condition attached to the Father’s consent. Nor had she
agreed to it before moving to Singapore with the children. She said that it is
unfair that she can be held to have “breached” the condition which was
“retrospectively imputed” to her. She therefore submitted that it would be
opportune for the Court of Appeal to provide guidance on when knowledge of a
consent could be imputed and when such a condition can be found to have been
breached.

23 I considered that guidance from the Court of Appeal is not necessary.
Nothing was said in the Judgment about the need to analyse whether the
abducting parent has knowledge of the conditions attached to a relocation,
much less anything about breaching them. The focus was on whether, on a
balance of probabilities, the left-behind parent – here, the Father –
subjectively and unconditionally consented to the retention of the children in
Singapore. The issue of the Mother’s knowledge of the condition simply did not
arise in this case. This point was not argued by either party before the Court
and it did not feature at all in the Court’s decision. It is a point best left
to be explored, if at all, in a future case.

24 The thrust of the Mother’s argument was that the Father’s consent was not
conditional in the way the Court had made it out to be. This explains her
submission that “[t]here is not a shred of evidence that his consent to
relocation was limited in duration to the time they would stay living as a
family”. As with her submissions on habitual residence, the Mother seemed to
wish to persuade the Court of Appeal to re-assess the facts on the issue of
the Father’s consent and come to a different conclusion. However, as I have
already stated, that is not a reason for granting leave to appeal.

Conclusion

25 To sum up, I dismissed the application for leave to appeal primarily for
the reason that this was a unanimous decision of a High Court bench comprising
three Judges and, as I have explained, in such circumstances the default rule
must be that leave to appeal will be refused. There must be exceptional
circumstances to justify a further appeal. No such circumstance existed here.
The Mother’s application was nothing more than an attempt to obtain a chance
to persuade a different court to reach a different legal conclusion on the
facts, one that would be in her favour. That, however, is never on its own
sufficient reason for granting leave to appeal.

Judith Prakash  
Judge of Appeal

Yap Teong Liang and Tan Hui Qing (TL Yap & Associates) (instructed) and Rina
Kalpanath Singh (Kalco Law LLC) (on record) for the Appellant/Respondent;  
Wong Kai Yun, Han Shurou and Ng Huan Yong (Chia Wong LLP) for the
Respondent/Applicant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 05 Nov 2020 (22:14 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

