Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHCR 1

Suit No 1250 of 2014

Summons No 4966 of 2016

Between

(1)| UNITED OVERSEAS BANK LIMITED  
---|---  
|  
|  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| LIPPO MARINA COLLECTION PTE LTD  
---|---  
(2)| GOH BUCK LIM  
(3)| AURELLIA ADRIANUS HO (also known as FILLY HO)  
|  
  
… Defendants

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil procedure] — [Discovery of documents]

[Legal profession] — [Professional privileges]

  
  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
United Overseas Bank Ltd

  
v

  

Lippo Marina Collection Pte Ltd and others

[2017] SGHCR 1

High Court—Suit No 1250 of 2014 (Originating Summons No 4966 of 2016)  
Bryan Fang AR  
28 October; 1 December 2016

19 January 2017

Bryan Fang AR:

1 The plaintiff commenced suit against eight defendants for alleged acts of
fraud and conspiracy but subsequently entered into settlement negotiations
with only the second and third defendants (collectively, “the Defendants”).
These negotiations led to a settlement agreement (“the Settlement Agreement”)
which has been disclosed in these proceedings. It records that the second
defendant has affirmed an affidavit (made also on behalf of the third
defendant) relating to the nature and extent of the first defendant’s
involvement in the alleged wrongdoing (“the Affidavit”). It also contemplates
the use of the Affidavit at trial.

2 The present application is by the first defendant for specific discovery of
the Affidavit as one of six categories of documents. Disclosure of the
Affidavit is sought against the Defendants as well as against the plaintiff.
The Defendants were unrepresented, filed no affidavits in the application, and
absent at the two hearings before me. There was, however, evidence of prior
written correspondence from their now discharged solicitors wherein disclosure
of the Affidavit was explicitly refused on the basis of litigation privilege.
The plaintiff was represented and did not dispute that it possessed a copy of
the Affidavit. However, as the said copy had been extended to it in
confidence, it argued that it too was able to assert litigation privilege to
resist disclosure.

3 Oral judgment has been delivered in respect of all six categories of
documents. In these written grounds of decision, I elaborate only on my
reasons for disallowing disclosure of the Affidavit on the grounds of
litigation privilege as the submissions made here raised interesting
questions. First, as both a preliminary and a procedural point, can litigation
privilege attach to the Affidavit when the Defendants have not filed an
affidavit to claim privilege as such? Even if litigation privilege attaches to
the Affidavit, there is the more substantive issue of waiver: have the
Defendants, by furnishing a copy of the Affidavit to an opponent in the
litigation (viz, the plaintiff), automatically waived privilege against the
entire world? Indeed, it became clear during the course of submissions that
this issue could be further refined: is the act of disclosing privileged
material to an opponent alone so legally significant such that it trumps
whatever else the Defendants might have done to limit the scope of disclosure
to only the plaintiff?

4 For completeness, I mention that I also heard submissions on whether the
copy of the Affidavit in the hands of the plaintiff is covered by without
prejudice privilege. However, it was unnecessary for me to come to a view on
that issue given my finding on litigation privilege.

The facts

5 The background to this suit was recently set out in the High Court decision
of United Overseas Bank Ltd v Lippo Marina Collection Pte Ltd and others
[2016] 2 SLR 597 and I do not propose to repeat it in detail here. That
decision arose out of the plaintiff’s appeal against an assistant registrar’s
decision refusing its application for the determination of a question of law
pursuant to O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) and
for certain parts of the joint Defence filed by the Defendants to be struck
out.

The pleadings

6 The plaintiff is a commercial bank which granted housing loans to 38
purchasers in separate transactions between 2011 and 2013 for the purchase of
units in the Marina Collection, a leasehold condominium development in
Sentosa. It commenced this suit on 26 November 2014 after discovering that the
first defendant, which was the developer of the property, had offered
significant furniture rebates to the 38 purchasers that were not reflected in
the loan application forms. The plaintiff pleads that this induced it to grant
loans exceeding the maximum amounts permitted under the central bank
regulations as well as the actual purchase price of the units. The plaintiff
further alleges that the Defendants, who were real estate agents at the
material time, were responsible for the misleading loan application forms. On
the plaintiff’s case, this was merely one fraudulent act in a web of
conspiracy that also involved the fourth to eighth defendants. However, for
reasons which will become apparent below, the plaintiff has since discontinued
this suit against the fourth to eighth defendants.

7 The first defendant denies involvement in any conspiracy or that it
committed any acts of fraud. It pleads that the financing of the units was a
matter solely between the plaintiff and the purchasers and that it has no
knowledge of the same. It further pleads that, if the plaintiff has suffered
loss as a result of any act by the first defendant, this is caused by the
plaintiff’s own decision to grant the loans based on its independent checks
and risk analyses or failure to perform the same to the standard required.

8 The Defendants were represented by Straits Law Practice LLC (“SLP”) at the
commencement of the suit. In their joint Defence, the Defendants likewise
plead that there was no conspiracy between the defendants and that they did
not commit any acts of fraud. Their case is that the plaintiff’s vice-
president of home loans was at all material times aware of the matters arising
from the loan applications and that, by contrast, the Defendants performed the
limited role of liaison between the purchasers and the plaintiff.

The Settlement Agreement

9 The parties exchanged their lists of documents in February 2016. On 13 June
2016, the plaintiff filed a supplementary list disclosing the Settlement
Agreement dated 29 March 2016 between the plaintiff and the Defendants.

10 The Settlement Agreement records in its preamble that the Affidavit has
been affirmed by the second defendant on the advice of his solicitors, that it
is made on behalf of both him and the third defendant, and that it pertains to
the nature and extent of the first defendant’s involvement in the allegations
of fraud and conspiracy. The Settlement Agreement also states that, as
consideration for the second defendant filing the Affidavit and giving
truthful testimony thereto at trial, the plaintiff is “agreeable to regulating
the future conduct of its claims” against all the defendants in the following
manner:

1.1 Upon [the second defendant] affirming the Affidavit in the Suit:

(a) [The plaintiff] shall discontinue all of its claims against the 4th to 8th
Defendants in the Suit …;

…

1.2 Upon [the second defendant] giving truthful testimony at the trial of the
Suit of the nature and extent of [the first defendant’s] involvement in the
allegations of fraud and conspiracy made by [the plaintiff] against the
[d]efendants in the Suit (as recorded in the Affidavit):

(a) [The plaintiff] its heirs and assigns shall not take any action in law or
in equity to enforce any judgment rendered in [the plaintiff’s] favour in the
Suit against [the second and third defendants] in respect of [the plaintiff’s]
claims against [the second and third defendants] in the Suit …;

11 In accordance with cl 1.1 of the Settlement Agreement, and upon the second
defendant affirming the Affidavit, the plaintiff duly filed a notice of
discontinuance against the fourth to eighth defendants on 15 April 2016.

The plaintiff’s letter requests for the Affidavit

12 On 5 August 2016, the first defendant’s solicitors, Premier Law LLC
(“PLL”), wrote to the plaintiff’s solicitors, Tan Kok Quan Partnership
(“TKQP”), to request for the Affidavit. After an exchange of correspondence,
TKQP replied on 19 August 2016 to state that the plaintiff would not be
providing discovery as the plaintiff “does not have a copy of the [Affidavit]
which can be extended to [the first defendant] because it is covered by
litigation privilege and/or without prejudice privilege”. A representative of
the plaintiff has since filed an affidavit in this application to clarify that
what the plaintiff has is only a copy of the Affidavit which was received
under cover of a without prejudice letter during the settlement negotiations.

13 On 23 August 2016, PLL proceeded to write to the Defendants’ then
solicitors, SLP, to make a similar request for the Affidavit. However, on 30
August 2016, SLP also declined discovery in the following terms (“the 30
August Letter”):

Our clients are not obliged to provide discovery of the [Affidavit] at this
stage of the proceedings. Further, the [Affidavit] is subject to litigation
privilege.

As this is our client’s Affidavit-of-Evidence-in-Chief, we will disclose and
exchange the same at the appropriate juncture.

14 These responses led the first defendant to take out this application on 12
October 2016.

The arguments

15 The matter first came up for hearing before me on 9 November 2016. By this
time, the Defendants were unrepresented as SLP had obtained an order to
discharge themselves on 28 October 2016. The Defendants did not file any
affidavits in the application and, as it turned out, also did not attend in
person at the first hearing. Nor did they attend at a second hearing on 1
December 2016 when I invited parties to make further oral submissions. I
therefore heard no arguments from the Defendants.

16 The plaintiff was represented before me by Ms Cheryl Nah. She argued that
notwithstanding the absence of any affidavits or arguments from the
Defendants, it is clear from the 30 August Letter that the Defendants are
relying on litigation privilege to resist disclosure of the Affidavit. Ms Nah
also said that litigation privilege clearly attaches to the Affidavit as it
was prepared and signed in circumstances where litigation was ongoing. From
there, she argued that since a copy of the Affidavit was extended to the
plaintiff in confidence, the plaintiff is likewise able to assert litigation
privilege over the said copy against the first defendant. In this regard, Ms
Nah relied on Robert Hitchins Limited v International Computers Limited,
unreported, December 10, 1996, CA (“Robert Hitchins”) which she said was on
all fours with the present case.

17 The first defendant was represented by Mr Teng Po Yew. He argued that
litigation privilege cannot attach to the Affidavit as the Defendants have not
filed any affidavit claiming litigation privilege as such. Mr Teng’s main
argument, in any event, was that even if the Defendants have properly claimed
litigation privilege over the Affidavit, they have automatically waived it
against the entire world by extending a copy to the plaintiff. In his
submission, all confidentiality which the Defendants might have maintained in
the Affidavit was lost the moment they shared a copy of it with the plaintiff
whose interests in this suit were patently adverse to theirs. This, he pointed
out, was the crucial difference between the present case and Robert Hitchins
where privilege was upheld in circumstances where privileged documents were
shared between parties with common interests. Mr Teng relied on two
authorities which he said were closer to the point: Faraday Capital Limited
(for and on behalf of Faraday Syndicate 435) v SBG Roofing Limited (in
liquidation), Governors of Norbridge Primary & Nursery School, Nottingham
County Council [2006] EWHC 2522 (Comm) (“Faraday”) and Australian Competition
and Consumer Commission v Cadbury Schweppes Pty Ltd [2009] 254 ALR 198
(“Cadbury”).

18 As mentioned earlier, parties also addressed me on without prejudice
privilege but I do not set out their submissions here as I was able to
determine this application solely on the basis of litigation privilege.

Analysis

19 The issues which arise from the arguments outlined above are as follows:

(a) First, can litigation privilege attach to the Affidavit even though the
Defendants have omitted to file any affidavits claiming the privilege as such?

(b) Second, even if litigation privilege can (and does in fact) attach to the
Affidavit, have the Defendants nevertheless automatically waived it against
the entire world by making disclosure to an opponent in the litigation?

20 As alluded to at the outset, and as we shall see later, the second of these
issues became further refined in the course of submissions.

Can litigation privilege attach to the Affidavit despite the Defendants not
claiming it as such on affidavit?

21 Turning to the first issue, I should begin by making clear that there is no
ambiguity surrounding what the Defendants’ position is in respect of the
Affidavit despite their failure to file any affidavits in this application and
their absence from these proceedings: it is clear that they rely on litigation
privilege to resist disclosure. This is explicitly stated in the 30 August
Letter from SLP and, more importantly, acknowledged by the first defendant’s
representative in the affidavit filed in support of this application.

22 The question raised by Mr Teng’s submission, however, is a more technical
one of whether or not the Defendants have claimed litigation privilege in the
proper way. According to Mr Teng, a sworn statement by the Defendants that
they are claiming litigation privilege is necessary for this purpose.

23 With respect, I do not think that the Defendants’ failure to file any
affidavits in this application is fatal to their claim of litigation
privilege. An assertion of privilege on affidavit is one way – and often the
most straightforward way – of claiming privilege, but it is by no means the
only way by which the court may be satisfied that privilege attaches to a
particular document. In the absence of an assertion of privilege on affidavit,
I see no reason in principle why the court cannot, if invited to do so, come
to a view on all the evidence before it that a particular document was created
in circumstances that attracts litigation privilege. In my view, this would be
consistent with the recent decision of ARX v Comptroller of Income Tax [2016]
5 SLR 590 (“ARX”) where the Court of Appeal had articulated the following
principles:

(a) The legal onus lies on the party asserting privilege to demonstrate that
the preconditions for privilege to subsist are present (see ARX at [50]);

(b) To discharge that onus, the party asserting privilege has at least to make
out a prima facie case of privilege. This bar is not high (see ARX at [50]);

(c) This burden is discharged, at least in the first instance, by the swearing
of an affidavit in which privilege is asserted because the assertion of
privilege implies also the assertion that the requirements for privilege to
subsist have been satisfied (see ARX at [44]);

(d) But if the court is not satisfied with the assertion on affidavit of
privilege, it is always open to the court to look behind the affidavit to the
documents themselves to ascertain if privilege has been rightly asserted and
the court will reach a decision after examining the evidence (see ARX at
[46]).

24 The last-mentioned principle in ARX is particularly important for present
purposes. In my view, if the court can exercise discretion to look behind an
assertion of privilege on affidavit to satisfy itself on the evidence that
privilege attaches, then there is no reason why the absence of an affidavit
should bar the court from doing precisely that where it is clear that
privilege is being relied on by a party. That would be an incongruous outcome,
yet it is also the effect of Mr Teng’s submission that, without an assertion
of privilege on affidavit, privilege cannot attach.

25 Based on the analysis above, it becomes important, then, to examine the
evidence and see if it supports a finding that the Affidavit is covered by
litigation privilege. In this regard, there are two requirements for
litigation privilege to subsist: (a) there must have been a reasonable
prospect of litigation at the time legal advice was sought in respect of the
document in question and (b) the document in question must have been created
for the dominant purpose of litigation (see Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB
(Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and
other appeals [2007] 2 SLR(R) 367 at [70]–[77]).

26 In the present case, the first of these requirements is not in doubt. The
procedural history leading up to this application makes clear that the
Affidavit was affirmed by the second defendant on the legal advice of his
solicitors in the context of ongoing litigation. Therefore no question arises
over how strongly litigation was in prospect. As for the second requirement,
it seems to me that there is also little doubt that the Affidavit was created
for the dominant purpose of litigation. To begin with, Mr Teng did not advance
in his submissions a contrary purpose. More importantly, there was positive
evidence that the Affidavit was intended to be used at trial. The 30 August
Letter from SLP describes the Affidavit as the second defendant’s Affidavit of
Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) and, consistent with this, cl 1.2 of the Settlement
Agreement contemplates the second defendant giving truthful testimony of the
first defendant’s alleged wrongdoing “as recorded in the Affidavit”.

27 For these reasons, I find that litigation privilege attaches to the
Affidavit.

Have the Defendants automatically waived privilege against the entire world by
disclosing the Affidavit to an opponent?

28 The more strongly contested issue in this application was whether or not
litigation privilege has been waived by the Defendants’ sole conduct of
furnishing a copy of the Affidavit to the plaintiff.

29 The Defendants were not present to submit on this issue. However, it was
clearly in the plaintiff’s interest as a party to the Settlement Agreement to
uphold privilege in the Affidavit. In this regard, Ms Nah emphasised the
conduct of the Defendants in keeping the Affidavit confidential between
themselves and the plaintiff. She pointed out that the Defendants had extended
a copy of the Affidavit to only the plaintiff, and that this was done under
cover of a without prejudice letter during private settlement negotiations.
Furthermore, she highlighted that the Defendants have also refused to disclose
the Affidavit to-date. Ms Nah therefore submitted that it was clear in the
circumstances that the Defendants have not waived privilege vis-à-vis the
first defendant at any time.

Robert Hitchins

30 As mentioned, Ms Nah relied on the English Court of Appeal’s decision in
Robert Hitchins. In Robert Hitchins, the claimant sued the defendant for
breaching a contract for the supply of an integrated computer system. The
defendant, in turn, commenced third party proceedings against its main sub-
contractor, CSB, who was engaged to supply software. As most of the claimant’s
allegations in the main action were in fact concerned with software, the
defendant had effectively sought to pass on all the claimant’s monetary claims
to CSB in the third party action. Moments before the exchange of witness
statements due, the third party action settled and notices of discontinuance
were filed by the defendant and CSB. Therefore, only the claimant and the
defendant proceeded to exchange witness statements. However, separately, upon
settlement, CSB furnished the defendant with draft witness statements for each
of its nine proposed witnesses who would have testified in the third party
action had it continued on to trial. The defendant then sought to call these
nine witnesses to testify in its defence in the main action.

31 The claimant applied for discovery of the nine draft witness statements.
This was refused at first instance and on appeal. Peter Gibson LJ dismissed
the appeal on grounds that the witness statements, in draft form, were not
necessary for disposing fairly of the matter or for saving costs. However, it
is the judgments of the two other appellate judges that Ms Nah relies on to
argue that there is no waiver vis-à-vis the first defendant in the present
case because the Defendants have clearly limited disclosure of the Affidavit
to only the plaintiff. The following passage in Simon Brown LJ’s judgment is
apposite:

… [W]hat is the status of an undoubtedly privileged document once it is
confided by the party who brought it into existence to another party in the
same proceedings? That question … I would seek to answer by reference to first
principles. The policy objective underlying this particular head of legal
professional privilege – privilege, that is, attaching to documents brought
into existence predominantly for the purpose of litigation – must surely be to
enable parties or prospective parties to prepare properly for litigation in
the confidence that others thereafter will not be entitled to examine and
perhaps profit from their preparatory documentation. That these draft
statements were privileged in the hands of the third party is not in doubt.
Nor can one doubt that the third party remain intent upon keeping them from
the plaintiffs: they have consistently refused to assist or co-operate with
the plaintiffs both after, as well as before, the settlement of the third
party proceedings. They have not, in short, waived their privilege vis-a-vis
the plaintiffs at any stage. Why should they not, in these circumstances, be
free to communicate these statements to the defendants, whether originals or
copies surely ought not to make the slightest difference, without surrendering
their privileged character? … [emphasis added]

32 Hobhouse LJ (as he then was) reasoned in much the same terms as follows:

There is no dispute that the relevant documents were the subject of legal
professional privilege in the hands of the third party. There is no suggestion
that the third party has chosen to waive its privilege in those documents as
against the plaintiffs. They have chosen to share them with the defendants and
therefore as between those two parties no question of privilege can arise. But
there is no basis for a suggestion [that] the third party elected to waive its
privilege as against the plaintiffs. As has been pointed out by Lord Justice
Simon Brown, if they had wished to do that it would have been easy for them
simply to send copies of the relevant documents to the plaintiff's solicitor.
They have not done that. [emphasis added]

33 At first glance, the statements made by Simon Brown and Hobhouse LJJ appear
to support the general proposition that a privileged document may be shared
between some parties to the same litigation without privilege being waived as
against the other parties, so long as the sharing was kept confidential.
However, the question raised by Mr Teng’s submission is whether this
proposition holds where the parties to the sharing stand adverse to one
another in the litigation.

34 I accept that there is this factual distinction between Robert Hitchins and
the present case and, accordingly, would not go so far as Ms Nah to say that
the former was on all fours with latter. The difference between the two
factual matrices is that, in Robert Hitchins, the defendant and CSB shared, in
the words of Simon Brown LJ, a “community of interest” in defeating the
claimant’s allegations whereas, in the present case, the plaintiff and the
Defendants have ostensibly opposing interests as they are adverse parties in
the litigation. In this regard, I note that at least two leading academic
commentaries in this area have rationalised Robert Hitchins as a case
involving the sharing of privileged material between co-defendants (see Bankim
Thanki QC, The Law of Privilege (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2011)
(“Thanki”) at para 3.93; see also Colin Passmore, Privilege (Sweet & Maxwell,
3rd Ed, 2013) at para 3-291). However, it is clear that the plaintiff and the
Defendants do not stand in a similar co-ordinate position relative to one
another in these proceedings. Nevertheless, it remains to be seen whether this
factual difference of them being opponents translates into a different legal
result insofar as the consequences of disclosure are concerned (viz, whether
it results in an automatic waiver against the entire world as submitted by Mr
Teng).

35 For completeness, I should mention that Mr Teng went further in his
submission to say that Robert Hitchins was in fact a case of common interest
privilege (as distinct from litigation privilege) and therefore completely off
the mark both in terms of the facts and the applicable law. However, I do not
agree with that analysis because nowhere in the judgments delivered in Robert
Hitchins was the concept of common interest privilege alluded to, and nor was
it apparent that the case was argued on that basis. Indeed, in the extract
reproduced above from Simon Brown LJ’s judgment, it is clear that the learned
judge regarded the case as one of litigation privilege since he specifically
referred to the underlying policy objective of that particular head of legal
professional privilege. I also note that the leading commentaries generally do
not treat Robert Hitchins as a case of common interest privilege (see Thanki
at para 6.16, footnote 53; see also Passmore at paras 3-291–3-296), although
one does suggest that it can be (but not that it was) rationalised on that
basis (see Phipson on Evidence (Hodge M Malek QC gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell,
18th Ed, 2013) (“Phipson”) at para 24-08).

36 To sum up my views on Robert Hitchins, I agree with Mr Teng to the extent
that that authority does not entirely cover a situation such as the present
where the sharing of privileged material is between parties with opposing
interests. However, this does not necessarily mean that he is correct in
arguing that the legal consequence of such an act is to destroy all
confidentiality in the privileged material such that privilege is waived
against the entire world. I shall now consider the two authorities he cited in
support of this argument.

Faraday and Cadbury

37 The first authority which Mr Teng relied on was the English High Court
decision of Faraday. In that case, a school obtained judgment against a
roofing company whose negligence led to a fire at the school’s premises.
Separate proceedings were thereafter commenced by the insurer against the
school and the insured roofing company. The school sought discovery of certain
statements which the insurer’s loss adjuster had obtained from two employees
of the insured in the course of investigating the cause of the fire. The
insurer claimed privilege.

38 Cooke J allowed discovery of the statements. Importantly, he observed that
the statements were taken from the insured’s employees in circumstances where
litigation was envisaged between the insurer and the insured, and not by the
school against the insured in which case both the insurer and the insured
would have a common interest. In other words, what was envisaged at the time
the statements were taken was the likelihood of an “adversarial situation”
between the insured and the insurer (see [8]). Cooke J then went on to review
a line of conflicting authorities before concluding that the applicable legal
principle was simply that “No communication made by or on behalf of the
opposite party can be confidential” (see [18]). Accordingly, he held that
confidentiality could not be asserted by the insurer over the statements.

39 The second authority which Mr Teng relied on was the Federal Court of
Australia’s decision in Cadbury. In Cadbury, there were two sets of
proceedings. In the first set of proceedings, the defendant company, Visy,
filed and served 111 finalised witness proofs on the claimant regulator, the
Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (“ACCC”), pursuant to an order
of court. Subsequently, the ACCC applied as intervener in the second set of
proceedings commenced by Cadbury to prevent Visy (who was a party in those
proceedings) from disclosing these witness proofs on the grounds of litigation
privilege. This was rejected by the first instance judge. The ACCC appealed
but this too was dismissed by the Federal Court of Australia which observed as
follows at [37]:

In our view, whatever is the extent of confidentiality arising from litigation
privilege, one element of confidentiality is essential, namely non-disclosure
to one’s opponent. To say (as does the ACCC) that the finalised proofs of
evidence were created and served for the existing litigation can be accepted.
However, in our view it is impossible for litigation privilege to attach to
the finalised proofs of evidence, when the finalised proofs of evidence were
created for the purpose of serving them on the ACCC’s opponent and when they
were in fact served on that opponent.

40 In my view, one must be careful not to read the statements in Faraday and
in Cadbury out of context. It is important to observe that both cases
essentially concerned the disclosure of documents in what may conveniently be
described as a two-party paradigm. By this, I mean that the documents which
were the subject of a privilege claim by one party were made available to
another party in circumstances where litigation was either contemplated or
ongoing exclusively between the two of them: in Faraday, the two employees’
statements were taken when the only relevant litigation being contemplated was
between the insured and the insurer; in Cadbury, the 111 finalised witness
proofs were served by the ACCC on the only other party to the first set of
proceedings, namely, Visy.

41 In such a two-party paradigm, there are no other parties to the
contemplated or ongoing litigation that the disclosing party might seek to
ringfence the documents from. Accordingly, the courts in Faraday and Cadbury
did not have to consider and weigh one party’s conduct of disclosing
privileged material to an opponent coupled with his simultaneous conduct of
limiting that disclosure to only one, and not all, of the parties to the
litigation. Such a situation can only arise in the kind of multi-party
litigation that Robert Hitchins and the present case are examples of. And as
can be seen from the court’s reasoning in Robert Hitchins, such efforts to
maintain confidentiality against other parties to the same litigation (apart
from the recipient) can be potentially significant in determining the extent
of waiver.

42 Therefore, I do not agree with Mr Teng that Faraday and Cadbury stand for
such a far-reaching proposition that so long as privileged material is
disclosed to an opponent in the litigation, it is rendered disclosable to all
the world. That may well have been the result in Faraday and Cadbury, but the
courts there were clearly faced with a different situation.

The issue crystallised

43 Based on the analysis thus far, neither side has put forward authorities
which provide a complete answer to the present case. Robert Hitchins involved
multi-party litigation but not the sharing of privileged material between
opposing parties. As for Faraday and Cadbury, these were situations in which
privileged material did pass between opposing parties but within a less
complicated two-party paradigm.

44 Nevertheless, these authorities and counsel’s submissions were ultimately
helpful in crystallising what, in my respectful view, is the real issue in the
present application. The issue is this: in the context of a multi-party
litigation, does the disclosure of privileged material to an opponent result,
without more, in a waiver of privilege for all intents and purposes,
notwithstanding that the disclosing party may have sought to keep the
privileged material confidential as against the other parties to the
litigation?

45 When the issue was put to Mr Teng in this way in further oral submissions,
he answered in the affirmative: the act of disclosing privileged material to
an opponent rendered irrelevant whatever else the Defendants here may have
done to limit the scope of disclosure to only the plaintiff. Mr Teng was
content to fall back on Faraday and Cadbury but, as I have sought to explain,
those cases were decided in a different context.

46 Ultimately, having considered the issue from the perspectives of principle,
policy and precedent, I find that Mr Teng’s position is not well supported on
any of these bases and reject it.

The issue considered as a matter of principle, policy and precedent

47 First, as a matter of principle, it is useful to consider as a starting
point that legal professional privilege (of which litigation privilege is a
subset) exists to protect the client from the compulsory disclosure of
confidential communications he has exchanged with his solicitors; hence it is
“only the client who can give up that entitlement” (see ARX at [66]; see also
HT SRL v Wee Shuo Woon [2016] 2 SLR 442 at [19]). Therefore, when determining
whether such privilege has been waived, it is necessarily the conduct of the
client, as the holder of the privilege, that comes to the fore. The client may
choose to waive privilege expressly, but the Defendants have not done that
here. Alternatively, and more relevantly, waiver may be implied from the
client’s conduct. In this regard, the Court of Appeal has noted in ARX at [66]
that to constitute waiver of privilege, the client’s conduct must have been
“inconsistent with the maintenance of the confidentiality that the privilege
is intended to protect”.

48 In my view, there is no reason in principle why the court cannot imply from
the client’s conduct that while it is inconsistent with maintaining
confidentiality vis-à-vis the recipient of the privileged material, it is at
the same time consistent with preserving confidentiality as against all other
parties to the same litigation. As Hobhouse J (as he then was) observed in
Prudential Assurance Co Ltd v Fountain Page Ltd and another [1991] 1 WLR 756
at 770, there is “no conceptual difficulty about the reservation of rights of
confidentiality or privilege notwithstanding that a document or piece of
information has been communicated to another”. Indeed, the law specifically
recognises instances of “selective waiver” which, in essence, is “disclosure
to a limited group of people that does not necessarily destroy the privilege
in relation to the rest of the world” (see Jonathan Auburn, Legal Professional
Privilege: Law and Theory (Hart Publishing, 2000) (“Auburn”) at p 203; see
also Phipson at para 26-30). This may be illustrated in simple terms by the
following passage which was cited with approval in Gotha City v Sotheby’s and
another [1998] 1 WLR 114 at 119, an English Court of Appeal decision that Ms
Nah relied on:

If A shows a privileged document to his six best friends, he will not be able
to assert privilege if one of those friends sues him because the document is
not confidential as between him and the friend. But the fact six other people
have seen it does not prevent him claiming privilege as against the rest of
the world.

49 Insofar as the present case is concerned, Mr Teng advocates that disclosure
to an opponent makes all the difference. He says that, in such an instance,
waiver can only ever be absolute and never selective. However, I find that
this overstates matters. In my view, there is nothing which sets an
adversarial litigant apart from an ordinary third party who, if not for the
disclosure, would not be entitled or privy to the confidential communication
between the client and his solicitor; relative to the confidential
communication, the adversary stands, as with any third party, as an outsider.
Seen in this way, there is no reason why the Defendants in the present case
cannot be found to have selectively waived privilege only in respect of the
plaintiff, so long as their conduct is consistent with maintaining privilege
as against others. Indeed, I should also stress here that no convincing reason
was put forward as to why the court should isolate only one part of the
Defendants’ conduct instead of examining it in its entirety as part of all the
circumstances of the case (see, in this regard, ARX at [69]). In my view, it
is not satisfactory – and indeed without principled basis – to attribute
determinative weight to the Defendants’ sole conduct alone of disclosing the
Affidavit to an opponent, such that their other conduct in limiting the scope
of disclosure is rendered meaningless.

50 Second, considering this from the perspective of policy, I think it
worthwhile to reproduce the following statement from Simon Brown LJ’s judgment
in Robert Hitchins which I had earlier quoted at [31]:

… The policy objective underlying this particular head of legal professional
privilege – privilege, that is, attaching to documents brought into existence
predominantly for the purpose of litigation – must surely be to enable parties
or prospective parties to prepare properly for litigation in the confidence
that others thereafter will not be entitled to examine and perhaps profit from
their preparatory documentation. … [emphasis added]

51 Ordinarily, parties prepare for litigation by communicating with their
solicitors or by obtaining documents from third parties such as experts. It is
uncontroversial that such communication and documents, exchanged and created
for the dominant purpose of litigation, are protected by litigation privilege.
Not uncommonly, a party’s preparations for litigation may also cause him to
enter into confidential discussions with a co-party in the suit, such as a co-
defendant, so that they can put up a common position. Such discussions are
also protected by litigation privilege. Indeed, the law encourages the sharing
of privileged material between co-parties as a matter of policy as this can
lead to costs savings (see Passmore at para 3-295 and at para 7-038, footnote
76, citing Robert Hitchins).

52 In my view, if the policy of litigation privilege is simply to allow
parties to prepare properly for litigation, then the position should be no
different where he enters into confidential communications to prepare for
litigation with his opponent. Litigation, particularly multi-party litigation,
can in a sense be kaleidoscopic in nature – it can arise out of a myriad of
circumstances and involve an array of different interests which may sometimes
even shift as the proceedings go on. It will therefore not always be correct
to assume that parties who stand adverse to one another in the suit will
necessarily take up adverse positions in the proceedings. A claimant may
legitimately wish to form a strategic alliance with only some defendants for
their mutual benefit and, to that end, share privileged materials to develop
and fine-tune their cases during the interlocutory stages in preparation for
the trial. If they keep their preparatory communications confidential against
other parties, then having regard to the policy underlying litigation
privilege, I do not see why these communications should not receive the same
protection against compulsory disclosure. This view is echoed below at [60].

53 Finally, I am fortified in my views by reference to precedent. In this
regard, it suffices for me to discuss just two authorities which upheld
litigation privilege in respect of communications between parties with adverse
interests in the context of multi-party litigation. I should state at the
outset that the first of these cases did not involve the sharing of material
between adversaries per se (though their interests were opposed), whereas the
second case did. Nevertheless, I consider both cases significant as they each
demonstrate that the courts in such situations tend to place greater emphasis
on the confidential nature of the communications that pass between the parties
rather than on the adversarial positions in which they stand.

54 The first case is the English High Court decision of Stax Claimants v Bank
of Nova Scotia Channel Islands Ltd and others [2007] All ER (D) 215 (“Stax
Claimants”). In that case, a large number of claimants brought separate claims
against the defendants, BNS, for breaches of duties which led to the transfer
of the claimants’ pension benefits to an offshore scheme called the Stax
Scheme. The claimants said that they would not have entered into the Stax
Scheme and thereby incurred loss if not for BNS’s breaches of duties. BNS
denied liability, asserting among other things that the claimants had relied
on their own independent financial advisors (“IFAs”) in deciding to enter into
the Stax Scheme. In case it was wrong, BNS sought contribution from the IFAs
(known in the UK as a Part 20 claim).

55 The question in Stax Claimants was whether or not certain documents
exchanged between the claimants and the IFAs were protected by privilege. As
alluded to earlier, none of the claimants had brought direct claims against
the IFAs and thus they were not adversaries per se. However, as observed in
Passmore at para 3-297, the interests of the claimants and the IFAs “might be
perceived as in complete conflict: since it was in the interest of the
claimants to succeed against BNS but in the interests of the IFAs that the
claimants fail”.

56 Warren J noted first, as a matter of general principle, that litigation
privilege attaches to documents which come into existence for the sole or
dominant purpose of either giving or getting legal advice with regard to the
litigation or for collecting evidence for use in litigation (see [11]). He
then went on to reason that this principle applied equally to communications
between a claimant and a Part 20 defendant whose interests, as observed in
Passmore, may be in complete conflict. As Warren J said at [12]:

… If a document comes into existence for a purpose which would otherwise
permit a claimant to assert privilege as against a defendant, I do not see why
it should not be possible for the claimant to assert that privilege as against
that defendant simply because the document is a communication with or
otherwise involves a third party who is a Part 20 defendant. Whether the Part
20 defendant is himself entitled to assert privilege might be a different
question. In the present case, however, disclosure is sought only against the
claimants and not against the IFAs although my reasoning in relation to the
disclosure application against the claimants would apply equally to a
disclosure application against the IFAs. [emphasis added]

57 On the facts, Warren J could not be certain if the documents in question
were protected by litigation privilege without looking at them. Nevertheless,
based on counsel’s skeletal description of the purpose of these documents, he
held that insofar as they were intended to deal with the formulation of a
“battle plan”, express views on the strengths and weaknesses of the claims and
defences, or discuss tactics, it was “highly likely” that these documents were
privileged (see [33] and [36]). Indeed, it is apparent from the following
passage at [33] of Stax Claimants that the court there did not see anything
objectionable in principle or in policy with litigation privilege being
claimed over communications between parties with ostensibly adverse interests
who seek to come together in the litigation against a “common enemy”:

… The discussions under these heads can only have taken place to enable the
claimants’ advisers to conduct the litigation most effectively for the benefit
of their clients and to advise them how best to achieve that end. These
discussions can only have been held for the dominant, if not the sole, purpose
of giving or getting advice for the claimants. This is so even if the
Documents contain statements adverse to the claimants’ cases. A full and frank
exchange of views between the advisers to the claimants and the IFAs would
have been important to enable all of them to recognise the strengths and
weaknesses of their own cases and so to fight what [counsel for the claimants]
has described as the common enemy, BNS. The discussion of these issues, to
repeat, was surely to enable the claimants’ advisers to give them fully
informed advice; any document which came into being as a record of those
discussions is privileged; and any further discussion, with a view to putting
themselves is the best position to advise, is likewise privileged.

58 The second authority which I find particularly instructive is the Canadian
decision of Canada Safeway Ltd v Toromont Industries Ltd (c.o.b. Cimco
Refrigeration) (2004) 362 AR 296 (“Canada Safeway”) (discussed in Robert W
Hubbard, Susan Magotiaux and Suzanne M Duncan, The Law of Privilege in Canada
(Canada Law Book, Looseleaf Ed, November 2008 release) at para 12.250.20). As
will become apparent, the facts and the arguments raised there were very
similar to the present case.

59 The question in Canada Safeway was whether the claimant, Safeway, had
waived litigation privilege in respect of an expert’s report obtained for the
purposes of the litigation by providing it to one of the defendants, Toromont,
in connection with settlement discussions between Safeway and Toromont. This
question arose on an application by Pace, who was another defendant in the
litigation, for discovery of the expert’s report. Not unlike the submissions
advanced by Mr Teng in this application, Pace also sought to emphasise the
fact that Safeway and Toromont were direct adversaries in the litigation (see
[10]):

… [Pace] submits that when Safeway and Toromont, parties opposite in interest,
agreed for purposes of promoting settlement discussions, to exchange otherwise
privileged expert reports, they waived the privilege and that the general
policy requiring disclosure of relevant information must now be applied.
[emphasis added]

60 Burrows J, sitting in the Alberta Court of Queen’s Bench, rejected this
submission. In the same vein as Simon Brown LJ’s observation in Robert
Hitchins reproduced at [50] above, Burrows J noted that the rationale of
litigation privilege is to ensure to each litigant a “zone of privacy” in
which to prepare his case and that this is given “priority” over the ordinary
rules of discovery which require the disclosure of relevant material. Although
the privilege may be waived, Burrows J did not regard this as having been done
merely on account of Safeway’s disclosure to an adverse party (ie, Toromont).
Burrows J recognised that parties should have the freedom of choosing who they
wished to enter into negotiations with in preparing their cases, including an
adversary. And if the negotiations between them were clearly kept
confidential, as was the case between Safeway and Toromont, privilege would
not be treated as being waived beyond the circle of negotiating parties. The
following passages of Canada Safeway bear out this reasoning (see [15] and
[19]–[21]):

In my view the determination of whether or not the acknowledged privilege has
been waived should start from the rationale for the privilege. As noted,
litigation privilege exists to ensure to parties who submit their dispute to
resolution through the adversarial process a zone of privacy in the
preparation of their case. The privilege gives priority to a litigant's
interest in a zone of privacy over the general policy of disclosure of
relevant information. When it is suggested that the privilege has been waived,
the question becomes whether the event said to be a waiver has made the
rationale for the privilege inapplicable, or whether the event otherwise
justifies a reversal of the priority.

…

In my view the exchange of the expert reports between Safeway and Toromont in
furtherance of settlement discussions and with express limitations as to the
use to which the reports can be put, does not indicate that either party no
longer sought to maintain the reports they had obtained within their
respective zones of privacy. …

Two statements made by McMahon J. in Western Canadian Place Ltd. are directly
on point, correct and have lead me to the conclusions stated in the previous
paragraph.

As to the effect of a litigant communicating privileged information to one of
many adversaries he said: (para. 33)

Complex litigation requires that counsel retain the ability to show his or her
hand to some but not all - to compromise or to settle; and to define and
reduce issues. Parties must now be free of the old strict rules of waiver. The
reasoning in Ed Millar Sales is to be preferred over those cases, such as
Lehman v. Insurance Corp. of Ireland which held strictly that waiver to one
was waiver to all.

The reference to Ed Millar Sales is to the Alberta Court of Appeal decision in
Ed Millar Sales and Rentals Ltd. v. Caterpillar Tractor Company (1988), 61
Alta. L. R. (2d) 319 where Laycraft, C.J.A. said: (page 327)

… to hand a privileged document to one party to the litigation for the purpose
of settlement or any other purpose, does not, in my opinion show any intention
that the privilege is thereby to terminate as to other parties or in related
litigation.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

61 In the final analysis, I think that it accords with principle, policy and
precedent to conclude that privilege is not automatically waived in respect of
the entire world by one party’s disclosure of privileged material to an
opponent in a multi-party litigation. If there is clear evidence that the
disclosure is made in confidence, there is no reason why the court should not
have proper regard to that to arrive at a finding that the privilege is not
waived beyond the recipient.

Application to the facts

62 With the law being clear, the analysis of the facts becomes
straightforward: rather than discounting the Defendants’ conduct of keeping
the Affidavit confidential between themselves and the plaintiff, that is
central to the present inquiry. In this regard, I agree with Ms Nah’s
submission (see [2929] above) that no part of the Defendants’ conduct can be
interpreted as being inconsistent with maintaining confidentiality in the
Affidavit against the first defendant. The Defendants were in settlement
negotiations with only the plaintiff and it was in that context that they
extended a copy of the Affidavit under cover of a without prejudice letter.
The negotiations then culminated in the Settlement Agreement. Notably, cl 2.2
of the Settlement Agreement provides that, save in limited specified
circumstances (eg, where both the plaintiff and the Defendants approve of
disclosure in writing), the plaintiff and the Defendants “shall keep
confidential and shall not disclose to any person whatsoever any information
relating to or arising out of” the Settlement Agreement. I think that the
Affidavit is caught by this clause on any reasonable interpretation. I also
pause here to note that the facts highlighted so far are similar to those
considered significant in Canada Safeway, viz, that the expert’s report there
had been shared as part of settlement negotiations and with express
limitations on its use. Finally, I note that the Defendants have also
expressly refused to disclose the Affidavit to the first defendant in the lead
up to this application. Similar conduct was also regarded as significant in
Robert Hitchins. Having considered all the circumstances, I find that the
Defendants’ conduct throughout has been consistent with maintaining
confidentiality in the Affidavit against the first defendant. To borrow from
Burrows J, the first defendant is clearly not within the Defendants’ “zone of
privacy”.

63 I mention for completeness that Mr Teng also submitted on the facts that
the plaintiff would be placed at an “unfair advantage” over the first
defendant if disclosure of the Affidavit is not ordered. There are, however,
several difficulties with this.

64 First, any unfairness is, with respect, illusory. As perceptively observed
in Auburn at pp 203–204:

… [S]elective disclosure does not raise issues of fairness at all. If party A
cannot gain access to materials no unfairness is caused by the fact that those
material have been disclosed to third party B, where party A never had any
right to those materials anyway. The act of selective disclosure does not of
itself cause a party any greater detriment than that otherwise resulting from
their initial inability to gain access to the evidence. Put simply, selective
disclosure does not put a party in any worse position. …

65 Second, even if there is some unfairness in the sense that non-disclosure
perpetuates a knowledge deficit on the part of the first defendant relative to
the plaintiff, that is not the kind of unfairness that finds resonance in the
law of waiver. The Court of Appeal made this point plain in ARX, acknowledging
that while there is “always some unfairness in allowing information to be
withheld on the ground of privilege”, the balance between disclosure and
privilege “has long been struck in favour of the preservation of privilege”
(see [64]). Only unfairness of “a very particular sort” matters in the law of
waiver, and this is the unfairness that arises from “the inconsistency of the
posited act with the subsequent maintenance of privilege that impels a remedy”
(see [67]). As explained earlier, however, I have found no inconsistency in
this sense.

66 Third, I cannot, in any event, see what unfairness there is on the facts.
The time will come when the parties’ AEICs have to be exchanged. When that
arrives, the first defendant will have sight of the Affidavit. In fact, it
seems to me that, if disclosure of the Affidavit is ordered at this point in
the proceedings, then unfairness may possibly be said to be worked on the
Defendants because the court would effectively be accelerating the process of
serving AEICs, but only for them.

Conclusion

67 For these reasons, I find that the litigation privilege which attaches to
the Affidavit has not been waived by the Defendants vis-à-vis the first
defendant. The present application therefore fails insofar as it seeks
discovery of the Affidavit against the Defendants.

68 Insofar as the plaintiff is concerned, I am also satisfied that the copy in
its hands is privileged. This must be so, otherwise the privilege is rendered
hollow. However, if there should be any doubt about this, the following
passage relied on by Ms Nah, citing the case of Robert Hitchins, is
instructive (see Paul Matthews and Hodge M Malek QC, Disclosure (Sweet &
Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2012) at para 11.34):

… A copy made of a document already privileged in the hands of one party (e.g.
a draft witness statement) for handing over to another party with no intention
of waiving privilege as against other parties is privileged in that second
party’s hands and that second party may himself assert the privilege.
[emphasis added]

69 In the premises, I disallow specific discovery of the Affidavit.

Bryan Fang

Assistant Registrar

Cheryl Nah, Lau Qiuyu and Sherlene Goh (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the
plaintiff;  
Teng Po Yew (Premier Law LLC) for the first defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

