Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHCR 4

Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 30 of 2016

Aathar Ah Kong Andrew  
---  
  
… Applicant

grounds of decision

[Insolvency Law — Bankruptcy — Voluntary Arrangement — Applicant’s duties —
Nominee’s duties]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Aathar Ah Kong Andrew

  

[2017] SGHCR 4

High Court — Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 30 of 2016 (Summons Nos 4314
of 2016, 4441 of 2016, 4446 of 2016, 4448 of 2016, 4450 of 2016 and 4462 of
2016)  
Paul Tan AR  
10 January, 8 March 2017  

3 April 2017

Paul Tan AR

Introduction

1 These were applications for the court to review the approval given at a
creditors’ meeting to a voluntary arrangement proposed by the applicant
debtor, Mr Aathar Ah Kong Andrew, and to make an order revoking the same.
After hearing the parties, I allowed the applications and revoked the approval
of the voluntary arrangement and ordered that no further meetings be held. Mr
Aathar has appealed against my decision. I now set out my reasons.

Background facts

2 Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) 30 of 2016 (“OSB 30”), which was filed on 5
May 2016, was an application for an interim order under Part V of the
Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”).

3 OSB 30 was heard on 24 May 2016. At that hearing, an interim order pursuant
to s 45 of the Act was made and a nominee, Mr Yio Swee Khim (“the Nominee”),
was appointed. The Nominee filed his report on 4 July 2016. The court ordered
on 5 July 2017 that a creditor’s meeting be called by the Nominee.

4 A notice of meeting dated 11 July 2016 was sent to the creditors. Pursuant
to the notice of meeting, a creditors’ meeting was held on 29 July 2016.
However, the creditors present at the meeting raised substantial issues as to
the source of Mr Aathar’s debts, which the Nominee could not address. This
resulted in the meeting being adjourned to 10 August 2016, to allow Mr Aathar
an opportunity to address the issues.

5 At the creditors’ meeting on 10 August 2016, a summary of the source of Mr
Aathar’s debts, prepared by Mr Aathar himself, was distributed to the
creditors. I note that few details are provided in the summary, apart from
very general descriptions as to how the debts purportedly arose. Approval for
the voluntary arrangement proposed by Mr Aathar was given at the 10 August
2016 creditors’ meeting by 83% of the creditors. I shall refer to the
voluntary arrangement that was approved at that meeting as “the VA”.

6 Dissatisfied with the approval of the VA, the following creditors
(collectively, “the Creditors”) filed the applications that were before me:

(a) CIMB Securities;

(b) Singapura Finance;

(c) Citibank Singapore;

(d) Low See Ching;

(e) KGI Fraser Securities; and

(f) Enterprise Fund III Ltd, Enterprise Fund II Ltd, Value Monetization III
Ltd and VMF3 Ltd.

The Creditors all sought the same relief in their applications, namely, for
the court to review the approval of the VA given at the creditors’ meeting and
to revoke the same.

7 The Creditors’ applications were made pursuant to s 54(1) of the Act which
states:

Review of meeting’s decision

54.—(1) Any debtor, nominee or person entitled to vote at a creditors’ meeting
summoned under section 50 may apply to the court for a review of the decision
of the meeting on the ground that —

(a) the voluntary arrangement approved by the meeting unfairly prejudices the
interests of the debtor or any of the debtor’s creditors; or

(b) there has been some material irregularity at or in relation to the
meeting.

8 Section 54(1) of the Act provides that a creditor may apply for the court to
review the decision at the creditors’ meeting on two grounds. The first ground
is that the voluntary arrangement approved would result in unfair prejudice to
the interests of the creditor. The second ground is that there is some
material irregularity with regard to the meeting itself that occurred either
at the meeting or in relation to it.

9 It is important to bear in mind the distinction between both grounds
because, while the Creditors’ applications themselves are unclear as to which
limb is relied upon, it became evident from their submissions that the
Creditors were relying on s 54(1)(b) of the Act. The exception was the
application in Summons No 4462 of 2016 (“SUM 4462”), in which the applicant
creditors (at [6(f)] above) submitted that there was also unfair prejudice to
Enterprise Fund III Ltd, VMF3 Ltd and Value Monetization Ltd (collectively,
“the Excluded Creditors”).

The parties’ submissions

10 The main complaint by the Creditors was twofold:

(a) first, that Mr Aathar had not provided sufficient information regarding
his liabilities and assets; and

(b) secondly, that the Nominee had failed to properly adjudicate over whether
the creditors listed by Mr Aathar in the VA should be allowed to vote and, if
so, as to the appropriate weight that should be assigned to their votes.

A third complaint was raised by the applicant creditors in SUM 4462 based on
the Nominee’s refusal to allow the Excluded Creditors to vote during the
creditors’ meeting.

11 The Creditors’ submissions with regard to the first complaint were that Mr
Aathar had failed to provide full and candid disclosure in his statement of
affairs (“SOA”) because he had made numerous changes to the list of creditors
annexed to the VA, whether by the introduction of additional creditors, or
amendments to the amount of debts purportedly owed. Mr Aathar’s position was
that he was attempting to recall, to the best of his memory, the debts owed by
him to his creditors. He was amending the list of creditors as his
recollection improved.

12 In respect of the second complaint, the Creditors argued that the Nominee
had essentially deferred entirely to Mr Aathar on the amount of debt each
creditor was owed, and as to the creditors’ entitlement to vote and the
weightage of their vote. The Creditors argued that the Nominee had failed to
scrutinise any of the debts listed by Mr Aathar in his SOA. Further, the
Nominee had acted wrongly by allowing the contingent creditors to vote based
on the full amount of their claim. The Creditors argue that this should not
have been done because a contingent creditor should not be allowed to vote
based on the full amount of his contingent claim as if it had actually been
proven (see Royal Bank of Scotland NV (formerly known as ABN Amro Bank NV) and
others v TT International Ltd and another appeal [2012] 2 SLR 213 (“TT
International”) at [172]). The Creditors said that both of these amounted to
material irregularities in the procedure.

13 The Nominee deposed an affidavit in response stating that, as far as he was
concerned, he was entitled to rely entirely on the SOA because Mr Aathar had
made a statutory declaration that it was accurate, and the Creditors had not
given him any reason to doubt the accuracy of the SOA. The Nominee also stated
that he was not obliged to verify or obtain any documents in relation to the
claims stated in the SOA.

14 The Nominee stated at paragraph 4 of his affidavit that he understood his
duties as a nominee were to:

(a) prepare a report on the VA;

(b) base his report on the SOA as verified by Mr Aathar;

(c) call on Mr Aathar to provide further and better particulars in the event
that he was unable to prepare the report based on the SOA and the VA;

(d) decide whether the creditors should be summoned to consider the VA; and

(e) supervise the implementation of the VA.

15 Interestingly, despite the Nominee deposing to and filing an affidavit in
response to the present applications and his counsel attending the hearing
before me, the Nominee’s counsel said that she had no instructions to make any
submissions during the hearing. Unsurprisingly, Mr Aathar adopted the
Nominee’s position that the Nominee was perfectly entitled to not scrutinise
the SOA or seek more documents or verify any documents in relation to the
claims.

16 In respect of the third complaint, the applicant creditors in SUM 4462
argued that the Nominee should have allowed the Excluded Creditors to vote
during the creditors’ meeting. They highlighted that under r 84(6) of the
Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R 1, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”), if the chairman of
the creditors’ meeting was in doubt as to whether a claim should be admitted
or rejected, he should mark it as objected to and allow the creditor to vote.
The Excluded Creditors submitted that the Nominee’s failure as chairman of the
creditors’ meeting to allow the Excluded Creditors to vote was a material
irregularity.

17 The Nominee’s position stated in his chairman’s report was that the
Excluded Creditors were not in the list of creditors, and, hence, were not
part of the VA. He was thus entitled to exclude them from voting. In his
affidavit, the Nominee stated that he had asked Mr Aathar why the Excluded
Creditors were excluded from the VA, and that Mr Aathar’s counsel had
responded in a letter dated 10 August 2016. The Nominee went on to state in
his affidavit that it was not his duty to adjudicate over the proofs of debts
filed by creditors who were not part of the VA. The Nominee says he was not in
any doubt as to whether the Excluded Creditor’s claims were to be admitted or
rejected, because he believed Mr Aathar had excluded them for valid reasons. I
note that the 10 August 2016 letter from Mr Aathar’s counsel stated that he
was disputing the Excluded Creditors’ claims because they were based on a
personal guarantee given to secure facilities extended to International
Healthway Corporation Limited (“IHC”) and IHC Medical, and that it was
disputed as to whether there was any liability for any sums owed to IHC or IHC
Medical.

18 Mr Aathar’s position was that he was entitled to choose which creditors to
include in the VA and there was no prejudice to the Excluded Creditors
because, even if they were not included as part of the VA, they were entitled
to apply for a bankruptcy order against him.

The issues

19 Based on the submissions made to me, there were four issues to be decided:

(a) First, what the extent of the applicant debtor’s duties are when he sets
out his assets and liabilities in his statement of affairs.

(b) Second, what the extent of the nominee’s duties are, both before and
during the creditors’ meeting.

(c) Third, whether Mr Aathar and the Nominee had breached their respective
duties.

(d) If so, then, fourth, whether the breaches were material irregularities
that justified the revocation of the approval given to the VA.

The extent of the applicant debtor’s and the nominee’s duties in relation to a
voluntary arrangement

20 In this section, I deal with the first two issues together.

21 Counsel informed me that there were no Singapore decisions on s 54(1) of
the Act, or in respect of the first two issues. However, there are two useful
English authorities that have considered such issues and interpreted s 262 of
the UK Insolvency Act 1986 (c 45) (UK), which is largely similar to s 54 of
the Act. It should be noted that the voluntary arrangement regime in the Act
is based on the regime in the UK Insolvency Act 1986.

22 As explained by the then Minister for Law, Professor S Jayakumar, during
the second reading of the Bankruptcy Bill 1994 (Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (25 August 1994) vol 63 at col 401):

The Bill introduces a voluntary arrangement scheme under which a nominee can
be appointed under an interim order. Under the scheme, an insolvent debtor and
his creditors can enter into a voluntary arrangement for the discharge of his
debts. This scheme, which is modified from the equivalent United Kingdom
insolvency legislation, hopefully will encourage debtors to settle their debts
early so as to avoid bankruptcy. Its flexibility, as well as its lower costs
as compared with bankruptcy administration, I think, will be attractive to
both debtors and creditors.

23 I turn first to the case of Andrew Fender v The Commissioners of Inland
Revenue [2003] EWHC 3543 (Ch) (“Andrew Fender”), in which the English High
Court ordered that the approval given by the creditors to the voluntary
arrangement proposed by the applicant debtor be revoked and that no further
meeting should be called. The applicant creditor in Andrew Fender was the
Commissioners of Inland Revenue (“CIR”). The nominee appointed was Mr Andrew
Fender. CIR complained of two grounds of material irregularity. The actual
grounds of the complaint are not entirely relevant.

24 The court after considering various English authorities, helpfully set out
at [11] the following non-exhaustive list of principles that should guide the
court in considering whether there was material irregularity in the matter:

(a) First, a debtor in putting forward a voluntary arrangement had to not only
be honest but also take care to put all relevant facts before the creditors.
This was to ensure that every proposal was characterised by completely
transparency and good faith by the debtor.

(b) Secondly, the nominee had a duty to exercise his professional independent
judgment when discharging his functions.

(c) Thirdly, the court had to take into account the context in which those
functions were performed. A nominee was generally heavily reliant on the
debtor for information, but where there were doubts as to the reliability or
sufficiency of information provided, the nominee had to satisfy himself that
he has received enough information of adequate quality for him to reach a fair
provisional view as to whether a claim should be admitted.

(d) Fourthly, a material irregularity may occur in relation to the debtor’s
proposal, his statement of affairs or the preparation of the nominee’s report
or the nominee’s chairmanship of the creditors’ meeting;

(e) Fifthly, not every mistake or omission was sufficient to give rise to a
material irregularity and an irregularity would be material if, objectively
assessed, the irregularity would be likely to have made a material difference
to the way in which the creditors would have considered or assessed the terms
of the proposed voluntary arrangement.

(f) Sixthly, although the chairman of a creditors’ meeting would ordinarily be
the nominee (and hence someone experienced in the insolvency procedure), he
cannot be expected to resolve difficult disputes about debts.

25 In Re a debtor (No 140 IO of 1995) sub nom Greystoke v Hamilton-Smith
[1996] 2 BCLC 429 (“Greystoke”), the court traced the development of the
present voluntary arrangement regime where a nominee is appointed. The court
noted that predecessor provisions in the UK Bankruptcy Act 1869 (UK), which
contained the regime in force prior to the present, had fallen into disrepute
because of several notorious cases. It was not uncommon under that regime for
there to be collusive arrangements between creditors and the debtor or trustee
to submit bogus or inflated claims (Greystoke at 432). Further, when that
previous regime was considered for reform, it had been suggested that
insolvency practitioners be given full details by the debtor of his financial
position, and transactions supported by a statutory declaration as to the
truth of the information provided. The court noted that the suggestion that
there be full and candid disclosure by the debtor and the discharge of the
relevant insolvency practitioner of the heavy responsibilities cast upon him
were included in the statutory provisions that gave birth to the modern
voluntary arrangement regime.

26 The court noted at 433d that in order for the nominee to form a view on a
proposed voluntary arrangement, the nominee had to be supplied with a
statement of affairs with particulars. The nominee was also entitled to call
for further information and for access to the debtor’s accounts and records.
These same requirements can be seen in rr 75(3), 76 and 77 of the Rules.

27 The court then referred to a letter from the UK Department of Trade and
Industry which highlighted that, in some cases, nominees had appeared to act
like post-boxes for proposals and had not queried the information that was
presented to the nominee. The letter stressed that ensuring that the proposal
met the criteria set out in legislation was not in itself sufficient, and that
nominees had to conclude that the proposal was fit to be put to creditors. The
nominee had to use his professional judgment to decide whether the proposal
was feasible. Importantly, the letter noted that it was anticipated and
provided for in legislation that the nominee will need to examine the debtor’s
financial records in order to properly consider the proposal. The court then
held (at 434i) that while Parliament was silent on the tests that a nominee
should apply before concluding that a creditors’ meeting should be called, the
principles set out in the letter were a fair view in general terms of the
responsibilities casts upon a nominee.

28 The court held (at 435b) that where the fullness and candour of the
debtor’s information had been called into question, the minimum expected of a
nominee was to take such steps as to satisfy himself with regard to three
factors:

(a) First, that the debtor’s true position as to his assets and liabilities
did not appear in any material respect differ substantially from that which
was been represented to the creditors.

(b) Secondly, to be satisfied that the debtor’s proposal had a real prospect
of being implemented.

(c) Thirdly, that the information available to the nominee would allow him to
avoid any prospective unfairness.

I note that the court in Greystoke was primarily concerned with whether a
nominee should call a creditors’ meeting based on the proposed voluntary
arrangement. But the decision nonetheless sets out principles applicable to a
nominee’s general duties and also highlighted that material irregularity may
arise in relation to the preparation of the nominee’s report.

29 From the two English decisions, there are several principles on the duties
of the debtor and nominee in a voluntary arrangement that can be distilled.

30 First, there is a duty of full and candid disclosure on the debtor and the
debtor needs not only to be honest, but also has to provide all relevant facts
to the creditors. This duty of full and candid disclosure can be further
broken down into two subsidiary requirements: the requirement to ensure that
the debtor’s proposal was completely transparent to the creditors; and the
requirement to provide the nominee with sufficient information for him to
exercise his professional judgment. In respect of the latter, the nominee is
heavily dependent on the debtor for information and the debtor has to provide
the nominee with all the information required for the nominee to properly
assess whether a creditors’ meeting should be called and to ascertain whether
certain claims should or should not be admitted for the purposes of voting in
a creditors’ meeting.

31 Secondly, a nominee is not merely a post-box or, for that matter, a rubber
stamp for a proposed voluntary arrangement. It is necessary for the nominee to
exercise his professional judgment and to cast a critical eye over the
debtor’s proposal and his statement of affairs, to ensure that his actual
assets and liabilities are not materially different from what the debtor had
represented to the creditors.

32 In that respect it was anticipated and provided for in legislation that the
nominee will need to examine the debtor’s financial records in order to
properly consider the proposal. It is clear that the nominee has to act
independently and form his independent decision and view. He cannot simply
take the information and reasons provided by the debtor at face value.
Especially in cases where doubt has been cast on the fullness and candour of
the debtor’s information, the nominee must ensure that he has sufficient
information to determine that the debtor’s actual position accords with what
he represents.

Whether Mr Aathar and the Nominee had breached their respective duties

33 Turning to the third issue, on the evidence before me, it appeared that Mr
Aathar had provided very little information as to whether the debts that he
says he owes are bona fide. While I note that in his affidavit in response he
said that there were supporting documents evidencing the debts owed, there was
no documentary evidence exhibited at all. All that was placed before the court
was his self-serving and bare assertions.

34 I also note that at paragraph 33 of his affidavit, Mr Aathar stated that
the SOA reflected the list of creditors and their claims against him after he
had gone through the process of checking and verifying the claims. However,
when Mr Aathar addressed the basis of claims by several individual creditors
from Indonesia, there was very little provided by way of detail. While he says
that the debts arise from his defaulting on agreements to procure shares in
IHC at stipulated prices, no agreements were exhibited. He did not disclose
when such agreements were made, who were the parties to the agreement or what
were the terms of the agreements were. I note in this respect that the total
debt owing to these seven individuals was said to be $7,013,500.

35 More interestingly, Mr Aathar said that he had obtained loans to the sum of
approximately $25,000,000 from Mr Fan Kow Hin. He claimed he had records of
cheques to show the loan monies extended to him, and an agreement between them
in relation to the loans extended. However, none of these cheques nor this
agreement was exhibited in his affidavit. Similarly, in respect of three other
creditors, Mr John Tan, Mr Joseph Wong and Mr Gabriel Teo, Mr Aathar asserted
that he had obtained loans from them and that there were records of
correspondence between him and Mr Tan and Mr Wong evidencing the loans taken.
He also stated that there were records of a cashier’s order in the sum of
$70,000 procured by Mr Teo for Mr Aathar’s benefit. However, again none of the
purported evidence was exhibited by Mr Aathar in his affidavit.

36 I have highlighted at [33] above that Mr Aathar deposed in his affidavit
that he had produced a list of creditors after verifying the claims. If that
were the case and he had such supporting documents, it would have been easy
for Mr Aathar to produce those documents for the court and the Creditors to
show that these debts were indeed bona fide. This was not done.

37 This pattern repeated itself in respect of several other Indonesian
companies which Mr Aathar claimed were contingent creditors. I would highlight
that the common factor amongst these creditors is that they were creditors
which had indicated that they were taking part in the VA simply to vote but
were not claiming any right to distribution.

38 Given the above, my view was that Mr Aathar had failed to provide a full
and candid picture as to his liabilities. Based on the evidence before me it
was difficult for me to ascertain whether prima facie Mr Aathar owed these
creditors any debt much less debts of such great amounts.

39 Mr Aathar’s refusal to provide a clear picture as to his debts was
compounded by the Nominee’s insistence that he (the Nominee) was perfectly
entitled to rely on the SOA because Mr Aathar had sworn a statutory
declaration as to its truthfulness. This would have amounted to a breach of
the Nominee’s duties. The Nominee’s position, taken to its logical conclusion,
was in effect that he was a post-box or rubber stamp accepting Mr Aathar’s
information at face value without having to cast a critical eye over it.

40 This is all the more troubling because the Nominee, as chairman of the
creditors’ meeting, is empowered by r 84(4) of the Rules to admit or reject a
creditor’s claim for the purposes of his entitlement to vote. The importance
of this was highlighted in TT International at [177] where the Court of Appeal
held that:

177 The importance of maintaining the integrity of the process in which proofs
of debt are properly admitted or rejected for the purpose of voting for or
against a scheme of arrangement cannot be overstated. Indeed, it is the only
mechanism which protects minority dissenting creditors from having an unhappy
compromise that severely prejudices their rights foisted upon them … it is
clear from its subtext that a scheme must be grounded on the principles of
transparency and objectivity, implemented by an independent and impartial
proposed scheme manager.

41 Given that the court has not been given any evidence in the present
applications of the huge debts owing to the individual and corporate
Indonesian creditors, as well as the debts owing to Mr Fan, Mr Tan, Mr Wong
and Mr Teo, one has to wonder how the Nominee reached the conclusion that
their claims should be admitted and that they should be allowed to vote for
the full amount of their claim.

42 I was greatly troubled by Mr Aathar’s lack of candour, which was compounded
by the Nominee’s refusal to cast even a critical glance at the information
provided to him. If this were allowed to pass muster, it would not be long
until we see the type of cases that caused the previous regime under the UK
Bankruptcy Act 1869 to fall into disrepute, where collusive arrangements
between creditors and the debtor or trustee to submit bogus or inflated claims
were common.

43 Turning to the Creditors’ complaint that the Nominee had allowed the
contingent creditors to vote based on the full amount of their debts, and had
failed to apply any discount, this would be consistent with the Nominee’s
failure to cast a critical eye over the SOA. In fact, in order for the Nominee
to calculate the appropriate discount based on the Court of Appeal’s decision
in TT International at [172], the Nominee would have had to consider the
chance of the liability crystallising and thereafter, to apply the appropriate
discount. However, this appears not to have been done.

44 I note that in response to the Excluded Creditors, the Nominee took the
position that simply because they were not included in the list of creditors,
the Excluded Creditors could not take part. The Nominee went so far as to
state in his affidavit that it was not his duty to adjudicate the proofs of
debts from creditors who were not part of the VA. However, I note that s 50 of
the Act, which deals with the summoning of the creditors’ meeting, provides
that the nominee shall summon to the meeting all the debtor’s creditors whose
claims and addresses he is aware. Section 50 of the Act is reinforced by r
81(2) of the Rules which provides that the notices calling for the meeting
shall be sent by the nominee “to all creditors specified in the debtor’s
statement of affairs, and every other creditor of whom the nominee is
otherwise aware” [emphasis added].

45 Despite the express wording in s 50 and r 81(2), the Nominee turned a blind
eye to the Excluded Creditors and excluded them from the creditors’ meeting
simply on the basis that they were not on the list of creditors prepared by Mr
Aathar. The Nominee had improperly exercised his discretion and, more
importantly, derogated from his duty, by simply adopting Mr Aathar’s position
without applying his mind to the matter.

46 Further, the Nominee was simply content to accept Mr Aathar’s reasons for
excluding the Excluded Creditors as valid, even though, based on the reasons
stated in the letter dated 10 August 2016 from Mr Aathar’s counsel, the
Excluded Creditors would be contingent creditors not unlike the Indonesian
contingent creditors that Mr Aathar had listed.

47 Mr Aathar’s counsel argued that the Excluded Creditors were not prejudiced
because they were still free to apply for bankruptcy against him. However, I
do not see how this argument furthers Mr Aather’s position. If that were the
case, then it would be pointless and a waste of time to implement a voluntary
arrangement. One has to remember that the very purpose of the voluntary
arrangement framework is to help debtors to avoid bankruptcy by coming to an
agreement with his creditors. I note that s 45 of the Act provides that the
proposal is made to the debtor’s creditors and not just a class of creditors
unlike in s 210 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) which expressly
provides that a company may propose a compromise or arrangement between it and
its creditors or any class of them. The purpose of a voluntary arrangement is
to provide a mechanism to help the debtor avoid bankruptcy. I do not think a
debtor who genuinely seeks to propose a voluntary arrangement should be
allowed to pick and choose which creditors to include.

48 My view was that the Nominee had acted wrongfully by refusing to allow the
Excluded Creditors from taking part in the Creditors’ meeting simply because
Mr Aathar was disputing their debt. It does not appear that the Nominee
applied his mind to adjudicating the Excluded Creditors’ claims. Instead, he
simply accepted Mr Aathar’s reasons adopted Mr Aathar’s position.

Whether the breaches were material irregularities that justified the
revocation of the approval given to the VA

49 I note that the English High Court in Andrew Fender held that material
irregularity could occur in relation to the debtor’s proposal, his statement
of affairs or the preparation of the nominee’s report or the nominee’s
chairmanship of the creditors’ meeting. My view was that Mr Aathar’s lack of
candour in his SOA, the Nominee’s insistence on relying solely on the SOA, and
his failure to scrutinize the same were material irregularities in relation to
the creditors’ meeting. This is especially because those two elements are
crucial in ensuring that the integrity of the process in which proofs of debt
are properly admitted or rejected for the purpose of voting for or against a
scheme of arrangement.

50 My view was that the breaches that I have set out earlier were material
breaches because they would have affected Mr Aathar’s creditors and the
decisions that they would have made.

51 In respect of the Nominee’s allowing the contingent creditors to vote for
the full amount of their claim, and his exclusion of the Excluded Creditor’s
claims based solely on Mr Aathar’s say so, those are material irregularities
at the creditors’ meeting. I note that in the English High Court in Re a
Debtor (No 222 of 1990), ex p Bank of Ireland [1992] BCLC 137 held (at 145)
that the making of a wrong decision – whether to exclude or prohibit a vote –
gave rise to a material irregularity.

Conclusion

52 Given the above, and especially in the light of Mr Aathar and the Nominee’s
conduct, I was of the view that the approval given at the Creditors’ meeting
on 10 August 2016 ought to be revoked, and that no further meeting ought to be
sanctioned. I therefore ordered accordingly on all six summonses.

53 After I gave my brief oral grounds, I heard the parties on costs and
ordered that Mr Aathar pay costs of $8,000 plus reasonable disbursements, to
be taxed if not agreed, to each set of applicant creditors. While the grounds
and submissions made in each application overlapped, I noted that the
applications raised novel points of law that did not appear to have been dealt
with by the Singapore court in any reported decision.

Paul Tan  
Assistant Registrar

Aqbal Singh A/L Kuldip Singh and Ms Wong Yiping (Pinnacle Law LLC) for
Applicant;  
Ho Seng Giap and Ng Sze Yen Charmaine (Tito Isaac & Co LLP) for CIMB
Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd in HC/SUM 4314/2016;  
Sean Lim Thian Siong and Mohamed Zikri Bin Mohamed Mumannil (Hin Tat Augustine
& Partners) for Singapura Finance Ltd in HC/SUM 4441/2016;  
Lim Sock Ngee Phyllis (Fabian & Khoo) for Citibank Singapore Limited in HC/SUM
4446/2016;  
Chow Chao Wu Jansen and Soh Yu Xian, Priscilla (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP)
for Low See Ching in HC/SUM 4448/2016;  
Lim Ke Xiu (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for KGI Fraser Securities Pte Ltd in
HC/SUM 4450/2016;  
Sean La’Brooy and Jezer Goh (Colin Ng & Partners LLP) for Enterprise Fund II
Ltd, Enterprise Fund III Ltd, Value Monetization III Ltd and VMF3 Ltd in
HC/SUM 4446/2016.  
Lim Poh Choo (Alan Shankar & Lim LLC) for Yio Swee Khim as appointed Nominee

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

