Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2017] SGHC 188

Magistrate’s Appeals No 9148 of 2016/01 and 9171 of 2016/02

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Tan Kok Leong  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9171 of 2016/01

Between

| Tan Kok Leong  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Appeal]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Appeals]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Tan Kok Leong and another appeal

[2017] SGHC 188

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeals No 9148 and 9171 of 2016  
See Kee Oon J  
12, 25 May 2017

31 July 2017

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 This case presented rather unusual factual circumstances for the court’s
consideration. The Accused was the victim’s aesthetic doctor and also his
erstwhile “mentor” and business partner. The victim was also a doctor. By
themselves, these would not have been particularly unusual facts. What made
this case quite unprecedented was the circumstances in which the alleged
offences were committed. They took place in two rather unexpected settings –
first, in an operating room in Novena Medical Centre, where an offence of
outrage of modesty was allegedly committed in the presence of other persons,
and, second, in a hotel room at the Oasia Hotel (“the hotel”) (which is close
to Novena Medical Centre), where the remaining four offences (including two of
outrage of modesty) were allegedly committed with only the Accused and the
victim present. At all material times when the various acts of outrage of
modesty were alleged to have occurred, the victim remained unconscious as he
was under sedation.

2 The alleged offences were committed over three separate dates, namely, 6
June, 5 July and 6 July 2013. The victim of course remained completely unaware
of them for some time. They only came to light after a partner of the Accused
in his medical practice chanced upon photographs of the victim. The victim was
informed about a month after the last incident on 6 July 2013 that the Accused
had taken photographs of him in a state of undress. Some of these photographs
depicted the Accused holding the victim’s penis in various positions. A
selection of 21 photographs of the victim was found stored in a folder on the
Accused’s mobile phone labelled with the victim’s name. The Accused had not
informed the victim that he had taken these photographs or that he would be
doing so beforehand. He did not seek the victim’s consent to take the
photographs.

3 The charges involved three counts of outrage of modesty, an offence under s
354(1) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“PC”), and two counts of
causing hurt by means of administering stupefying drugs with intent to commit
outrage of modesty, an offence under s 328 of the PC. The Accused claimed
trial and denied having any unlawful intent. He maintained that all that he
had done was for professional clinical purposes and suggested that the victim
had consented to what had taken place. The District Judge found him guilty of
four counts and convicted him after a fairly lengthy trial spanning 19 days.
The Accused was acquitted on the first charge under s 354(1) of the PC (DAC
919812/2014 (“the first charge”)).

4 The Accused appealed against his convictions and sentences. The Prosecution
cross-appealed against his acquittal and sought enhanced sentences. I allowed
the Prosecution’s appeal against acquittal on the first charge and also
increased the sentences for all the charges, individually and cumulatively. I
rendered brief oral grounds for my decision on 25 May 2017. In doing so, I
avoided traversing the detailed evidence, but in these grounds of decision I
shall set the evidence out insofar as necessary to provide the proper context
for an understanding of the reasons for my decision.

The agreed facts

5 At the commencement of the trial, the Prosecution obtained a gag order to
prohibit the publication of any information which might lead to identification
of the victim. The parties tendered a brief Statement of Agreed Facts
(“ASOF”), which I reproduce below:

1\. The accused is Tan Kok Leong, male/49 years old, bearing NRIC No. [xxx],
Singapore citizen.

Background Facts

2\. The complainant is [the victim], bearing Malaysian Passport No: [xxx]. He
is currently employed as a medical doctor.

First Information Report

3\. On the 13th of August 2013, the complainant made a police report at Ang Mo
Kio Police Division, informing the police that he had been molested by the
accused.

Agreed Facts in Relation to DAC 919037–38/2014 and DAC 919812–14/2014

4\. The accused is a medical doctor and was a partner at the medical practice
known as Life Source Medical Practice (“Life Source”), located at No 10
Sinaran Drive #11-16, Singapore. He is a doctor specializing in aesthetic
medicine.

5\. The accused performed liposuction procedures on the complainant on the 6th
of June 2013 and the 5th of July 2013. Both procedures were performed at Life
Source’s premises.

6\. Sometime before the liposuction procedure on 5th July 2013, the
complainant sent a Whatsapp message to the accused, stating that “then I have
no choice but to surrender my little curved brother for injection.”

7\. After the liposuction procedure on the 5th of July 2013, the accused told
the complainant that he had booked a hotel room for the complainant to
recuperate from his procedure. Thereafter they proceeded to Oasia Hotel,
located at 8 Sinaran Drive.

8\. At about 11 pm that evening, while in the hotel room, the accused told the
complainant that he would be administering Dormicum, a stupefying drug and
Rosiden, a painkiller. The accused thereafter administered Dormicum and
Rosiden intravenously.

9\. The accused, sometime that evening after administering Dormicum and
Rosiden, pulled down the complainant’s shorts and thereafter took photographs
of the complainant’s penis and genital area. Photographs were taken of the
accused holding and pressing down the complainant’s penis. Photographs were
also taken of the complainant in a half naked state.

10\. The accused and the complainant continued to stay at Oasia Hotel on the
6th of July 2013.

11\. That evening, the accused administered Dormicum and Rosiden to the
complainant intravenously. Sometime that evening after administering Dormicum
and Rosiden, the accused pulled down the complainant’s shorts and took
photographs of the complainant’s penis and genital area. Photographs were
taken of the accused holding and pressing down the complainant’s penis.
Photographs were also taken of the complainant in a half naked state.

12\. On the 7th of July 2013, the complainant and the accused left Singapore
for Johor Bahru. They returned to Singapore on the morning of the 8th of July
2013 and checked out of the hotel later that morning. During their stay at
Oasia Hotel on the 5th and 6th of July 2013, the accused did not show the
complainant any of the photographs he had taken of the complainant’s penis,
genital area or photographs of the accused holding and pressing the
complainant’s penis and the complainant in a half naked state.”

The Prosecution’s case

DAC 919812/2014 (the first charge)

6 As set out in the ASOF, it was not disputed that the Accused performed two
liposuction procedures on the victim at Life Source Medical Practice (“Life
Source”), located at Novena Medical Centre. The first charge stemmed from the
first such procedure, which took place on 6 June 2013. The Prosecution’s case
was that the Accused placed his hand under the blue surgical drape that was
used to cover the victim’s lower torso during the liposuction procedure and
touched his genital area with intent to outrage his modesty.

7 When the Accused performed the procedure, the victim’s then fiancée, [S],
was in attendance. [S], who was also a doctor, was not called as a witness at
the trial. It was not disputed that she had not witnessed the Accused touching
the victim as alleged in the first charge.

8 The key witnesses were Bong Chai Pin (“Chai Pin”) and Peggy Giam (“Peggy”),
who were the Accused’s staff. Chai Pin was a clinic assistant. Her role in
assisting during the procedure was to process fat that was extracted into stem
cells. After the Accused had administered anaesthetic to the victim and while
waiting for the anaesthetic to take effect, Chai Pin saw the Accused place his
hand under the drape covering the victim’s penile region. She saw the Accused
touching the victim’s private part, and said that his hand was moving up and
down. Chai Pin added that at that time, [S] was in the operating room
administering nose fillers into the victim’s nose and had not noticed what the
Accused had done. Chai Pin also testified that when the Accused’s hand was
under the drape, he was looking towards another room which was adjacent to the
operating room.

9 Peggy was the Accused’s scrub nurse during the procedure. She corroborated
Chai Pin’s testimony. She saw the Accused’s hand below the blue drape touching
the victim’s sexual organ and saw his hand moving. She claimed that the drape
was a very light sheet and the Accused’s actions could be seen clearly. She
added that the drape was moving up and down. Peggy also testified that [S],
who was the only other person in the operating room at the time, was focused
on the victim’s nose and was not paying attention to what the Accused was
doing.

10 Peggy had an exchange with Chai Pin after the procedure, expressing her
shock and disbelief at what she had witnessed the Accused doing. They
subsequently told Dr Gerald Tan (“Gerald”), one of the Accused’s partners at
Life Source, about what they saw. To protect the victim from a possible
recurrence, Gerald told him not to be sedated when he was about to undergo a
second liposuction procedure one month later.

DAC 919813–14/2014 and DAC 919037–38/2014

11 The remaining four charges involving s 354(1) of the PC (DAC
919813–14/2014) and s 328 of the PC (DAC 919037–38/2014) allegedly took place
on 5 and 6 July 2013, after the victim had undergone the second liposuction
during the day at Life Source on 5 July 2013. The Accused had booked a room at
the hotel for the victim to recuperate in after the second liposuction. He
stayed in the room together with the victim for two nights. The Prosecution’s
case was that the Accused had sedated the victim with the intent of outraging
his modesty. The victim testified that he did not want to be sedated and had
asked the Accused to go home. He indicated that he would be fine by himself at
the hotel. The Accused however insisted on staying the night and persisted in
sedating the victim.

12 The victim was sedated and asleep in the hotel room on both occasions when
the photographs 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Exhibit P9.

were taken by the Accused using his mobile phone. The Accused had removed the
victim’s shorts and underwear in order to take these pictures. In some of the
photographs, he had touched and handled the victim’s penis while the victim
was unconscious and sedated.

13 The Prosecution’s case was that even in the photographs where the Accused’s
hands were not captured, the Accused would have had to manipulate the victim’s
penis physically in order to take these photographs which showed the victim’s
penis in various different positions. It was submitted that the photographs
could not have been taken for clinical purposes to prepare for possible
surgery to correct the victim’s curved penis (“penile curvature correction”).
The majority of the photographs did not show any penis curvature and would not
serve a clinical purpose because of the position the victim was in when the
photographs were taken.

14 The Prosecution’s expert witness was Assoc Prof Lim Thiam Chye (“Prof
Lim”), who testified that in order to properly document a curved penis, the
patient would have to be standing up and not lying down. Prof Lim testified
that the photographs would not inform how a curvature could be treated. The
Defence’s expert witness, Dr Chew Khek Kah (“Dr Chew”) agreed with Prof Lim.
Dr Chew also stated that only two photographs 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Exhibit P9-11 and P9-16

showed some evidence of the penis being curved.

15 It was also submitted that the photographs were not taken for clinical
purposes as they were taken without the victim’s knowledge and when he was
sedated. In order to take the photographs, the Accused had to physically
remove the victim’s shorts and underwear first and then clothe the victim
again. The Accused did not disclose the fact that he had photographed the
victim or show the victim the photographs taken. The Accused also did not use
any gloves when handling the victim’s genitals on both dates.

16 The Prosecution also refuted the Defence’s claim that the victim had
consented to a penile augmentation that was to be performed by the Accused by
sending him the WhatsApp message. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Exhibit P34.

It was submitted that the WhatsApp message lacked context and could not amount
to “informed consent” for a penis augmentation or to justify the taking of the
photographs as “before” or “pre-procedure” pictures.

17 Prof Lim rendered an expert report 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Exhibit P25.

stating that the sedation of patients should be done judiciously and that the
patient should be monitored closely. In his report, Prof Lim also stated that
performing sedation in a non-hospital environment was not proper or usual
practice. Prof Lim testified that it was unsafe to sedate a patient without
proper resuscitation equipment. Furthermore, he thought that oral analgesics
would suffice to deal with any complaint of pain.

18 Gerald had similarly testified that the usual practice of treating pain
after a liposuction was to prescribe painkillers in tablet form. It was
submitted that since sedation was unnecessary and medically improper, the
conduct of the Accused gave rise to an irresistible inference that he had
intended to molest the victim after he sedated him on both dates.

The Defence’s case

19 The Accused denied all the charges and maintained that he had never touched
the victim inappropriately. In relation to the first charge, it was submitted
that it would not have been possible for the Accused to have outraged the
victim’s modesty while concurrently instructing [S] on how to administer
filler injections into the victim’s nose. It was also highlighted that [S] who
was present throughout did not witness such an incident.

20 The Defence’s case was that the victim had consented to a penile
augmentation that was to be performed by the Accused, as evidenced by the
WhatsApp message the victim sent, which read: “Then I have No choice But to
surrender my little curved brother for injection”.

21 The Accused testified that in early 2013, the victim indicated his interest
in using fat extracted from liposuction to be injected into his penis in order
to augment it. However, the Accused claimed that he could not perform the
penis augmentation after the first liposuction because the victim did not want
[S] to know about it. The Accused testified that there were further
discussions about the victim’s interest in augmenting his penis and the victim
thereafter sent the WhatsApp message to him on 23 June 2013 at about 7.03am.
The Accused stated that he had considered the message as “informed consent”
for a penis augmentation and had taken the photographs for clinical purposes
before conducting the penis augmentation procedure.

The District Judge’s findings

22 The District Judge’s findings are set out in his grounds of decision in
Public Prosecutor v Tan Kok Leong [2016] SGDC 327 (“the GD”). It is
unnecessary to recite his reasons in full. Only his key findings are outlined
below.

DAC 919812/2014 (the first charge)

23 In respect of the first charge, the District Judge opined that the
Prosecution’s case rested on the evidence of Peggy and Chai Pin. He noted that
Chai Pin conceded in cross-examination that the drape was not transparent and
that she could not see the Accused’s hand underneath the drape at the material
time and did not know if his hand was gloved. As for Peggy, she conceded that
she did not see the Accused’s hand touching the victim’s sexual organ and
agreed that she only saw the Accused’s hand near the victim’s penile area. She
also conceded that she could not see what the Accused’s hand was doing. The
District Judge therefore formed the view that the evidence “clearly showed
that it would not have been possible for Peggy and Chai Pin to see the
Accused’s hand under the drape let alone touching the victim inappropriately”.

24 In addition, the District Judge found that both Peggy and Chai Pin were
merely speculating as to the whereabouts of the Accused’s hand and had made
certain assumptions as to what they had perceived. The fact that they had
discussed their observations would likely have reinforced their perception of
the events that transpired. Significantly, no one else in the room had
witnessed this episode. He opined that it would be unsafe to rely on the
observations of Peggy and Chan Pin in the absence of any other evidence
pointing to the Accused’s guilt. He concluded that the Prosecution had failed
to prove its case on the first charge and accordingly granted a discharge
amounting to acquittal.

DAC 919813–14/2014 and DAC 919037–38/2014

25 Turning to the remaining charges, the District Judge first highlighted two
key issues for consideration. First, was there informed consent? Next, did the
photographs serve a clinical purpose?

26 With respect to the first issue, the District Judge noted that the WhatsApp
message was not documented in any case file and the photographs were also not
kept in any case file or clinic record. Taking the cue from both expert
witnesses for the Prosecution and the Defence, the District Judge accepted
that the WhatsApp message could not amount to informed consent for a medical
procedure. Being an experienced medical practitioner, the Accused would have
known that “informed consent” is a fairly detailed process which could not, by
any stretch of imagination, be reduced to a single WhatsApp message.

27 As for the second issue, the District Judge found that the Accused’s
evidence in this regard was “severely undermined by the objective evidence and
the evidence of the other medical witnesses who testified”. It was not
disputed that the bulk of the photographs did not show any penis curvature.
The Accused had also used his bare hands to hold the victim’s penis whilst
taking the photographs on both days. He claimed that he had forgotten to bring
along his surgical gloves.

28 It was also noted that the photographs were taken surreptitiously without
the victim’s knowledge. The Accused had gone through an extraordinary amount
of trouble to take the photographs as he would have had to remove the victim’s
shorts and underwear, take the photographs, and then put the victim’s clothing
back on, all without any help from his assistants or the victim. If indeed the
photographs were taken for clinical purposes, the Accused should have at least
disclosed this to the victim soon after taking them and discussed treatment
options with him. It was not disputed that no such discussion took place.

29 The District Judge further found the Accused’s evidence as to when he had
disclosed the taking of the photographs to the victim to be internally
inconsistent with several different versions offered to the court. In
contrast, the victim’s evidence in this regard was consistent. The victim
stated he was never shown the photographs by the Accused, or even told that
the photographs had been taken until Gerald showed them to him in Penang. He
was prompt in his reaction to file a police report thereafter.

30 The District Judge saw no reason to disbelieve the evidence of the victim.
He had no cause to lie or fabricate evidence against the Accused, whose
evidence in court was at variance with his earlier statements. Quite apart
from the inconsistencies relating to his disclosure of the photographs to the
victim, the Accused had claimed in court that the victim had expressed his
interest in penis augmentation as early as April or May 2013. However, in his
police statements, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Exhibit P1, para 6 and Exhibit P3, Q4 and A4.

the Accused had stated that the topic of the victim’s curved penis only arose
after the first liposuction in June 2013.

31 On the totality of the evidence adduced, the District Judge found that the
Accused was not a credible witness. He was satisfied that the Prosecution had
proved the charges against the Accused beyond reasonable doubt. Accordingly,
he found the Accused guilty and convicted him on DAC 919813/2014 and DAC
919814/2014.

32 On the evidence adduced, the District Judge was satisfied that there was
absolutely no need for the Accused to sedate the victim at the hotel on 5 and
6 July 2013 if his concern was indeed to alleviate the pain suffered by the
victim. The objective medical evidence from Prof Lim suggested that it was
grossly inappropriate for the Accused to sedate the victim in a hotel room. In
his expert report, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Exhibit P25, pp 2-3.

Prof Lim stated that the sedation of patients in any form should be done
judiciously and that the patient should be monitored closely. He maintained
that it was improper to sedate a patient in a non-clinical environment such as
a hotel room as the patient would need to be properly monitored failing which
the patient might become apnoeic. Prof Lim added that it was unsafe to sedate
a patient without proper resuscitation equipment. The victim had testified
that he woke up to find the Accused sleeping next to him in the early hours of
6 July 2013. This clearly indicated that the Accused could not have been
monitoring the victim. In contrast, in respect of the first liposuction on 6
June 2013, there was a clinical record 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Exhibit P21.

which showed proper documentation and close monitoring of the victim’s vital
signs.

33 The District Judge concluded that the evidence adduced clearly showed that
sedation was both unwarranted and improper in the circumstances. He was drawn
to infer that the Accused had sedated the victim on both occasions with the
intention of molesting the victim. The Accused was accordingly found guilty
and convicted on both DAC 919037/2014 and DAC 919038/2014.

The District Judge’s decision on sentence

34 The Prosecution urged the District Judge to impose a sentence of 20 months’
imprisonment for each of the offences under s 354(1) of the PC and four years’
imprisonment for each of the offences under s 328 of the PC on account of the
aggravating circumstances. The District Judge was urged to impose a deterrent
global sentence of at least five years and eight months’ imprisonment.

35 In mitigation, it was submitted that the Accused was a first offender. He
had been a medical practitioner for more than 25 years and had not received
any complaints from any of his patients or the Singapore Medical Council
(“SMC”). His contributions to the field of aesthetic medicine, his good
character and his charity work were highlighted in his favour. It was further
submitted that the photographs taken of the victim were not meant for
circulation and were not in fact circulated.

36 The District Judge agreed with the Prosecution that general deterrence
would be the predominant sentencing consideration for both sets of offences.
In respect of the offences under s 354(1) of the PC, he found that the
offences were premeditated. The Accused booked the hotel room even before the
liposuction was carried out, deliberately leaving an intravenous plug in the
victim’s arm in order to administer Dormicum to him later in the hotel room,
notwithstanding that the victim had declined sedation and would not need to be
sedated. The Accused and the victim were in a doctor-patient relationship. The
Accused was also regarded as a mentor by the victim. He had abused his
position by exploiting the victim’s trust in him. At the time of the offences,
the victim was vulnerable as a result of being sedated. The Accused took
advantage of the victim while he was in this unconscious state.

37 It was apparent from the evidence adduced that the Accused had touched the
victim’s penis on multiple occasions over two consecutive nights. The Accused
had physically manipulated the victim’s penis and proceeded to take
photographs of the victim without his knowledge or consent. Some of these
photographs showed the Accused touching or holding the victim’s penis with his
bare hands. The victim was left none the wiser and would have remained
oblivious to what was done to him if the offences had not come to light. The
Accused showed no remorse for committing the offences. In the course of the
trial, he had subjected the victim to a series of scandalous allegations
ranging from being untruthful about his university degree to having sexual
liaisons outside of his relationship with his then fiancée, resulting in the
victim possibly contracting urethral ulcers. The victim said that he had
suffered financially and psychologically as a result of the incident. The
victim also stated that the stress arising from the ensuing proceedings took a
toll on his relationship with his then fiancée.

38 Turning to the offences under s 328 of the PC, the District Judge noted
that an offence under s 328 of the PC was a serious one carrying a mandatory
imprisonment sentence which may extend to ten years. Such offences have
generally attracted lengthy custodial sentences. The District Judge was
conscious once again of the aggravating factors. The Accused had abused the
victim’s trust in him by opting to sedate the victim intravenously in the
hotel room. Prof Lim had testified that it was improper and dangerous to
sedate a patient in a hotel room as it was impossible to properly monitor him.
Prof Lim had affirmed that the patient undergoing sedation would need to be
monitored very closely as there is always a danger of apnoea and that all
sedation procedures ideally should be performed in an adequately-equipped
medical facility with proper monitoring equipment and trained personnel
available for any emergency related to the sedation.

39 With his considerable experience, the Accused would have known that
sedating a patient outside of the hospital environment without proper
monitoring or resuscitation equipment was both inappropriate and extremely
dangerous. Post-sedation, the Accused had proceeded to single-handedly undress
the victim, take photographs of his penis and thereafter dress the victim up
again before repeating the same procedure on the following night. The Accused
appeared to have had scant regard for the victim’s safety and well-being.

40 In the result, the Accused was sentenced to 12 months’ imprisonment per
charge for the offences under s 354(1) of the PC, and 30 months’ imprisonment
per charge for the offences under s 328 of the PC. Having regard to the one-
transaction rule and the totality principle, and drawing guidance from Mohamed
Shouffee Bin Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998, the District Judge
ordered two of the sentences (one from each type of offence) to run
consecutively in order to appropriately address the Accused’s offending
conduct and overall culpability. The result was an aggregate sentence of 42
months’ imprisonment.

The appeal

The Prosecution’s arguments

41 In relation to the first charge, the Prosecution highlighted on appeal that
the Accused had merely put forward a bare denial that his hand was beneath the
drape. As the District Judge had accepted the evidence of Peggy and Chai Pin
that he did place his hand beneath the drape, it would follow that he did not
accept the Accused’s bare denial. The District Judge’s decision to acquit on
this charge was premised on his reasoning that Peggy and Chai Pin could not
have seen where the Accused had placed his hand when it was under the drape,
or what his hand was actually doing under the drape.

42 It was submitted that the District Judge had erred in failing to consider
that there was no legitimate purpose whatsoever for the Accused’s hand to be
under the drape in the first place, given that the liposuction was being
performed on the victim’s exposed abdomen. Further, the Accused had claimed in
his statement to the police that he had told the victim about the latter’s
curved penis after the first liposuction. The only way he could have known
about the victim’s curved penis was if he had touched it during the first
liposuction. There were also good reasons why the other persons present then,
namely [S], Dr Kavin Tan (“Kavin”) and his clinic assistant Jodie Wah
(“Jodie”), did not witness what Peggy and Chai Pin said they saw the Accused
doing. The Prosecution submitted that a sentence of at least 12 months’
imprisonment would be appropriate in respect of the first charge should the
acquittal be overturned.

43 As for the Accused’s appeal against conviction on the remaining charges,
the Prosecution maintained that the District Judge had correctly rejected the
Accused’s claim that the victim had consented to the acts which formed the
subject matter of the charges under s 354(1) of the PC (DAC 919813/2014 and
DAC 919814/2014) purportedly as preparation for a “secret” penile curvature
correction. Expert evidence confirmed that the photographs of the victim’s
exposed penis taken by the Accused served no clinical purpose. The photographs
provided clear and objective proof of the actus reus of these charges as well
as the charges under s 328 of the PC (DAC 919037/2014 and DAC 919038/2014).
The Accused never informed the victim about them until they were shown to the
latter by Gerald, who fortuitously came upon the photographs in the Accused’s
phone.

44 The Prosecution submitted that the District Judge was also correct in
rejecting the Accused’s claim that he had administered the sedative for pain
relief after the second liposuction upon the victim’s request. The Accused had
sedated the victim with the intention of molesting him while he was
unconscious. Expert evidence again confirmed that sedation was unnecessary for
pain relief.

45 Finally, and as for sentence, the Prosecution submitted that the sentences
were all manifestly inadequate as the District Judge had accorded insufficient
weight to the numerous aggravating factors. Thus, for the charges under s
354(1) of the PC, the sentence ought to be pegged at 20 months’ imprisonment,
and for the charges under s 328 of the PC, the suggested sentence was 48
months’ imprisonment. Globally, with two sentences running consecutively, this
would call for a sentence of 68 months’ imprisonment.

The Accused’s arguments

46 The Accused contended, in relation to the first charge, that the District
Judge had not erred in failing to find that he had touched the victim’s
genitals. Kavin and Jodie were present during the first liposuction but
testified that they did not see the Accused touch the victim’s genital area
under the drape. The District Judge was entitled to conclude that it was
unsafe to rely on the evidence of Peggy and Chai Pin as they could not see
what his hand was doing under the drape, let alone whether he was touching the
victim inappropriately without gloves on. It was also submitted that Prof
Lim’s assessment was wrongly influenced by what the Investigation Officer, SI
Mohammad Fareed (“SI Fareed”), had included in his letter requesting for an
independent expert opinion, wherein he mentioned the “squeezing and fondling
and jerking” of the victim’s penis. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Exhibit P23, para 2.

47 As for the appeal against conviction, it was submitted that the District
Judge had failed to give due consideration to the evidence of the Defence
witnesses (including Kavin) and had instead erroneously found the victim’s
evidence to be unusually convincing and credible. Further, the District Judge
had also erred in failing to consider the fact that the two medical experts
did not conclusively state that the photographs taken by the Accused were
definitely not for clinical purposes. The District Judge wrongly accorded
substantial weight to the inconsistencies in the Accused’s long statements to
the police. He maintained that the evidence did not show that he had the mens
rea to commit the offences.

48 Although the Accused had also appealed against his sentences, the
submissions on appeal centred mainly on a plea for the sentences to remain
undisturbed if the court was not minded to allow the appeal against
conviction. It was submitted that the Accused, being a well-known doctor,
would stand to lose a lot from a conviction and any sentence would have
severely damning effects.

My decision

49 The appeals against the acquittal on the first charge and the respective
convictions essentially sought to challenge the District Judge’s findings of
fact. The approach that an appellate court should adopt in evaluating a trial
judge’s findings of fact is well-settled. The court will not readily reverse
findings of fact, unless the findings are plainly wrong or against the weight
of the evidence.

50 Having reviewed the evidence and the submissions put forth on appeal, I was
satisfied that the District Judge did not err in concluding that the Accused’s
guilt had been proved beyond reasonable doubt in respect of the four charges
on which he convicted the Accused. Put simply, I saw no reason to doubt the
veracity of the victim’s evidence. Conversely, I was unable to see any
credible arguments in support of the Accused’s defence.

51 In this regard, there were four broad aspects of the evidence which had to
be considered in totality: first, whether the victim had consented to the
Accused performing the penile curvature correction; second, whether he had
consented to “before” or “pre-procedure” photographs of his penis being taken
while he was sedated; third, why the Accused had sedated the victim twice in a
hotel room over two consecutive days after the second liposuction; and fourth,
whether there was any clinical purpose in taking the photographs of the victim
and manipulating the victim’s penis in the manner depicted in the photographs.

52 In delivering my brief oral grounds, I observed that all that had taken
place could not possibly be explained away as being part of a series of
clinical procedures and that the victim had somehow consented to the acts in
question. Where the District Judge had plainly erred, with respect, was in
concluding that it would be unsafe to convict the Accused on the first charge.
I shall elaborate on my reasons, beginning with the appeal against acquittal
on the first charge.

The appeal against acquittal on the first charge

53 In concluding that there was reasonable doubt in relation to the first
charge, the District Judge’s main reason was that it would not have been
possible for Peggy and Chai Pin to see the Accused’s hand under the drape, let
alone touching the victim inappropriately. He felt that they were speculating
as to the whereabouts of the Accused’s hand and had made certain assumptions
as to what they had perceived at the material time.

54 With respect, had the evidence been correctly evaluated, the District Judge
ought to have concluded that the charge was proved beyond reasonable doubt.
There was no plausible reason why the Accused’s hand would have had to be
underneath the drape around the victim’s genitals while performing a
liposuction at the abdominal area, and there was no basis to disbelieve the
two eyewitnesses (Peggy and Chai Pin) who said they saw him place his hand
underneath the drape. The inferences they arrived at were not based on what
they actually saw the Accused doing under the drape, but these were plain and
obvious inferences due to the brazen nature of the Accused’s conduct.
Moreover, the evidence of their shock and revulsion (particularly Peggy’s)
made it clear beyond doubt that they vehemently disapproved of what the
Accused was obviously doing with such unbelievably blatant boldness within
close proximity to both of them. It was almost as if he felt their presence
was irrelevant to him and they were non-existent in his eyes.

55 In his defence, the Accused merely proffered a bare denial. He maintained
that he had not placed his hand underneath the drape which covered the
victim’s genitals. Implicit in this was the suggestion that Peggy and Chai Pin
must have conspired to fabricate the evidence against him. After all, no one
else present then had witnessed him reaching underneath the drape. As a
consequence, he made no effort to explain why he might have needed to place
his hand underneath the drape and touch the victim’s genitals.

56 The District Judge made no finding that Peggy and Chai Pin bore any ill
will or grudge against the Accused. Similarly, he made no finding that they
had conspired to fabricate evidence. Most crucially, it is evident from the GD
that he believed them when they said that they saw the Accused place his hand
underneath the drape. Yet, he found that they were speculating about where his
hand was underneath the drape since the drape was not transparent. With great
respect, the District Judge erred in this regard. There is a world of
difference between unfair and unfounded speculation and irresistible
inference, bearing in mind the context of the Accused’s conduct.

57 To my mind, the context was clear: this was a liposuction procedure which
involved removal of fat from the victim’s abdomen. There was no reason why the
procedure might conceivably even require the Accused to place his hand
underneath the drape around the victim’s genital region. At any rate, no
evidence of any vaguely credible reason (eg, needing to adjust the drape or to
shift part of the victim’s lower torso on the operating table) was adduced.
Moreover, the evidence of Peggy and Chai Pin as to what they saw was mutually
corroborated: the Accused’s hand was seen moving up and down underneath the
drape, and not just for a fleeting moment. It was clearly not a case of
inadvertent or accidental contact. Even if one of them might have influenced
the other’s recollection of what they had seen through subsequent discussion,
this would still leave at least one of them who could give direct evidence of
having witnessed this occurrence.

58 From their accounts, it was both painfully and dreadfully obvious what the
Accused was doing. Recoiling with disgust and sheer disbelief, Peggy walked
out of the room in anger. She “didn’t want to see” more of what was going on.
Peggy told Chai Pin that she walked away because she “couldn’t take it”. This
immediate and spontaneous reaction on Peggy’s part spoke volumes.
Inexplicably, the District Judge did not make any reference at all to these
key aspects of the evidence in the GD, suggesting that perhaps he had deemed
it insufficiently probative.

59 Peggy and Chai Pin’s subsequent discussion with Gerald reflected their deep
discomfort and distress. Peggy told him that she saw the Accused using his
hands to touch the victim’s private parts during the procedure. Both Peggy and
Chai Pin said they saw “movements under the drape at the private part area”.
Even though he felt at the time that there was “not enough evidence or proof”,
Gerald saw no reason to disbelieve them. To protect the victim, he in fact
advised the victim not to allow himself to be sedated during the second
liposuction. Gerald also told the Accused not to sedate the victim this time
round and subsequently refused to sedate the latter. As a result, a quarrel
broke out between the Accused and Gerald. The Accused was described as having
lost his temper and thrown things about in the room adjacent to the operating
room. Curiously, the District Judge again appeared to have omitted to consider
this aspect of the evidence or to have deemed it irrelevant.

60 To begin with, therefore, the Accused had no reason to need to reach
underneath the drape. The evidence clearly showed that he had touched the
victim’s genitals. The irresistible inference to be drawn then was that since
the Accused had not touched the victim’s genitals as part of any clinical
procedure, it could only have been done with a perverse intent to outrage the
victim’s modesty while the victim was lying helpless and sedated. It might
seem incredible and almost bizarre at first blush that the Accused would have
acted with such audacious nonchalance while others were present in the room,
but it would appear that he was brash enough to treat the others (especially
Peggy and Chai Pin) with complete disdain, presumably in the belief that they
would not have the temerity to question him. In this respect, he was proven
right, since they decided not to confront him at all about this incident.

61 I was also in agreement with the Prosecution’s submission as to why no one
else present in the operating room actually saw what the Accused did. [S] was
focusing on performing a delicate nose filler injection on the victim at the
time and concentrating her attention on the task. The entire procedure would
take 10 to 15 minutes and Kavin and Jodie were similarly concentrating on the
procedure and assisting [S]. Not surprisingly then, all three of them said
that they did not witness what Peggy and Chai Pin said they saw.

62 A strongly corroborative element was also to be found in the further
statement given by the Accused to the police. He said that he had
“communicated with [the victim] that he has a curved penis” after the first
liposuction. He said this in order to explain what he intended to do with the
photographs and why he did not inform the victim beforehand of his intention
to take the photographs. I agreed with the Prosecution’s submission that the
irresistible inference from his voluntary admission (ie, of when he came to
know of the victim’s curved penis) was that he had touched the victim’s penis
during the first liposuction.

63 As a further observation, I would add that the Defence’s criticism of SI
Fareed’s request letter having improperly influenced Prof Lim’s assessment was
nothing more than a red herring. SI Fareed’s request letter did mention the
“squeezing and fondling and jerking” of the victim’s penis, but Prof Lim
himself said during cross-examination on 22 January 2016 that he was not
influenced by SI Fareed’s account in stating that there was no reason to touch
or examine the penis during a liposuction procedure. He explained that his
statement was “purely clinical”. Prof Lim did subsequently explain that his
conclusion that there was “inappropriate manipulation” of the victim’s penis
was based on the information given to him in SI Fareed’s request letter which
mentioned “squeezing and fondling and jerking” of the victim’s penis, but it
was evident from his earlier clarification that his “purely clinical” opinion
remained valid as these were two distinct matters.

64 Drawing together all the relevant strands of evidence, I could not but
conclude that the Accused had absolutely no legitimate reason or any plausible
explanation for his actions. The evidence plainly and cogently showed that he
had committed the act of outrage of modesty in the course of the first
liposuction. I therefore allowed the Prosecution’s appeal and convicted him on
the first charge.

The appeal against conviction

Did the victim consent to the penile curvature correction?

65 First, the victim’s clear and unequivocal evidence was that he had never
consented to the Accused performing a procedure to correct his curved penis.
There was hardly anything to support the Accused’s claims that consent (much
less informed consent) had been given. Apart from his mere say-so, all he
could point to was the WhatsApp message where the victim mentioned, in what
would appear to be a flippant and facetious tone, that he had “[n]o choice
[b]ut to surrender [his] little curved brother for injection”. The victim said
this was intended as a joke to get the Accused off his back as the Accused had
been “very persistent” in persuading him to do something about his curved
penis. This explanation was credible. The WhatsApp message could not possibly
constitute valid consent. Regrettably, the Accused had not retained any of the
earlier messages in this chain; for reasons best known to himself, he had
decided to delete them.

66 The crucial requirement for informed consent is that the patient “shall be
made aware of the benefits, risks and possible complications of the procedure
and any alternatives available to him” (SMC Ethical Code and Ethics Guidelines
at para 4.2.2). This was reflected in Life Source’s own “Client Consent for
Assisted Lipolysis/Liposculpture” form. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Exhibit P21, pp 5-6.

There was nothing whatsoever to show that anything had been investigated,
examined, discussed, documented or explained. Nor was there anything to show
what exactly the victim had allegedly been informed of and consented to.

67 Given the complete lack of context to the WhatsApp message, its relevance
and meaning were hopelessly unclear. One thing which was clear, however, was
that, contrary to the Accused’s assertions, this could not possibly amount to
informed consent. In this connection, the District Judge correctly found that
there was unanimous agreement among the Prosecution and Defence expert
witnesses that the WhatsApp message could not amount to informed consent for a
medical procedure. In the words of the District Judge, informed consent could
not, by any stretch of imagination, be reduced to a single WhatsApp message.

Did the victim consent to having photographs of his penis taken while he was
sedated?

68 It was also pertinent to note that the victim had never consented to have
photographs taken of his penis in anticipation of any penile curvature
correction. The Accused claimed that the photographs were taken to document
the “before” or “pre-procedure” state of the victim’s penis. But it was not
seriously disputed that the Accused did not inform the victim beforehand that
he would be taking any such photographs while he was under sedation, much less
expressly seek his consent to do so. As the various photographs revealed, he
did not use any gloves to handle the victim’s penis.

69 Ultimately, after taking the photographs, the Accused did not tell the
victim about them. In his oral testimony, the Accused claimed that the victim
had learnt about the photographs prior to August 2013. The District Judge
correctly noted the various differing accounts. In his statement to the
police, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Exhibit P1.

the Accused admitted that he did not recall having informed the victim at all
or having shown him the photographs. He claimed instead that the victim
somehow chanced upon them while scrolling through his phone during a trip to
Taiwan in July 2013. In the Case for the Defence, a different explanation
emerged. The Accused said that he had shown the victim the photographs during
breakfast on 6 July 2013. A third version was put forward at trial, when the
Accused said that the victim came across the photographs on his phone while
they were in Penang on 23 July 2013. The Accused also appeared to suggest that
the same might have happened in Ho Chi Minh City on 8 August 2013.

70 Evidently, the Accused was conveniently changing his explanations as he
went along. Even in his further statement to the police, 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Exhibit P3.

he was internally inconsistent, maintaining initially that the victim was
“fully aware” that he had taken the photographs before suggesting that he only
“felt that he [was] aware”, and eventually claiming that the victim was only
“fully aware” on 23 July 2013 when they were in Penang.

The charges under s 328 of the PC – why was the victim sedated twice in a
hotel room?

71 The actus reus of the charges under s 328 of the PC was undisputed. The
victim was sedated on two consecutive days after the second liposuction. This
was ostensibly done on account of the Accused insisting that he needed to help
relieve the victim’s pain after the procedure. To a layperson, this might have
seemed reasonable, reflecting devoted care and concern from an experienced
medical practitioner. However, four critical considerations stood out to
undermine this possibility. First, the uncontroverted medical expert evidence
was that painkillers would have sufficed for pain relief. Second, the victim
had initially declined sedation. Third, the intravenous sedation was not only
done after the procedure on 5 July 2013, but also the day after on 6 July
2013. Fourth, the sedation was done in a hotel room.

72 These pieces of objective evidence taken together cried out for a credible
and cogent explanation – why was the victim sedated over two consecutive days
in a hotel room despite having declined sedation? There were absolutely no
explanations worthy of credit offered by the Accused. The inescapable
conclusion was that there was no need for him to sedate the victim if his
concern was indeed to alleviate pain. As Prof Lim confirmed, ordinary oral
analgesics would have sufficed for this purpose. This then begged the question
why the Accused was so insistent on sedating the victim despite the victim’s
initial resistance, and why it was necessary at all to sedate the victim not
just after the second liposuction itself (ie, on 5 July 2013) but also a
second time the day after that (ie, on 6 July 2013). After all, the victim had
not complained of experiencing further acute pain and had not asked to be
sedated again. Indeed, according to the victim’s testimony concerning the
events at the hotel on 5 July 2013, the Accused had blithely ignored him and
“grabbed [his] hand” before forcefully sedating him.

73 The singular most controversial aspect was why the Accused had to book a
hotel room for the victim to rest after the second liposuction and then carry
out the intravenous sedation two days in a row. The District Judge rightly
rejected his attempted explanations. They were feeble afterthoughts which rang
hollow when subjected to objective scrutiny. As the District Judge found, it
was “grossly inappropriate” for the sedation to have taken place in the hotel
room, without any proper monitoring equipment in case the patient became
apnoeic and without trained personnel available to deal with any emergency
situations or complications that might arise. It was suggested by the Defence
that since the second liposuction had already been carried out and the
subsequent sedation was only meant to provide pain relief, the sedation
guidelines would not apply. This argument was fallacious. The risks remained
the same. I fully concurred with the District Judge’s unimpeachable conclusion
that the evidence adduced clearly showed that sedation was both unwarranted
and improper in the circumstances.

74 The only reason why all this had transpired was because the Accused had
formed the intent to outrage the modesty of the victim and had planned to do
so while the victim was sedated. He set up the opportunity for himself under
the pretence of providing medical care in a hotel room. It was all no more
than a charade since the Accused had wilfully disregarded the significant
risks posed by sedation to the patient, and more so where the sedation had
taken place in a non-hospital environment. It was not seriously disputed that
such conduct was improper and hazardous, yet it hardly seemed to have mattered
to the Accused. Unfortunately, his concerns were obviously not directed to the
victim’s well-being. When the victim woke up on the morning of 6 July 2013, he
found the Accused asleep beside him.

75 As for having allegedly brought along his “call bag” to the hotel room to
deal with any emergency situation, this was a wholly self-serving claim which
was unsubstantiated. In any event, I agreed with the Prosecution that he would
not have brought such a well-stocked “call bag” but omitted to bring gloves.

Was there any clinical purpose for the photographs?

76 As with the point on the professed need for the victim to be sedated, the
objective medical evidence was once again resoundingly clear. The photographs
were incontrovertibly not taken for any professional clinical purpose. By the
Accused’s own admission in his further statement to the police, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Exhibit P3.

the first set of photographs he took on 5 July 2013 did not even show any
curvature of the penis. The District Judge properly took cognisance of the
fact that the bulk of the photographs did not show any penile curvature. A few
of them also needlessly showed the victim’s face with his exposed penis,
breaching para 4.2.1 of the SMC Ethical Code and Ethics Guidelines which
states that patients shall “be offered the right to privacy and dignity”.

77 As the District Judge rightly observed, the Accused, in order to take the
photographs, expended a considerable amount of effort (apart from sedating the
victim) to first remove the victim’s clothing and subsequently put them back
on while the victim remained unconscious and sedated. If indeed the victim had
given his consent to the penile curvature correction, and photographs of his
penis were genuinely needed for some legitimate clinical purpose, one would
imagine that it would have been much easier to simply ask the victim to
disrobe and have the necessary photographs taken while he was conscious and
standing up. Moreover, although not entirely clear, the medical expert
evidence from Prof Lim and Dr Chew seemed to be that penile curvature would be
best observed with the penis in an erect position and when the patient was
standing.

78 There was also no reasonable basis for the Accused’s fanciful claim that by
pulling back the victim’s foreskin to expose the victim’s glans using his bare
hand in two of the photographs, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Exhibit P9-14 and P9-18.

he was attempting to check and exclude the possibility of urethral ulcers.
Prof Lim and Dr Chew both stated clearly that gloves would have been required
for this purpose, but no such gloves were donned by the Accused. Prof Lim
further opined that documenting such ulcers would involve a video endoscopy by
passing a urethral scope into the penile shaft extending up into the bladder.

79 To my mind, and in line with the District Judge’s findings, there were only
two reasonable inferences. First, it was uncontroversial that the Accused went
beyond merely looking at the victim’s exposed penis. The photographs revealed
that he had touched the victim’s penis and manipulated it into various
different positions. The medical experts appeared to have opined that the
Accused’s manipulation of the victim’s penis as depicted in the photographs
would not have enabled him to establish if the victim had a curved penis.
Second, it was clear that the Accused had taken the photographs for his own
continued viewing pleasure rather than as a means of professionally preserving
a visual record in preparation for a planned penile curvature correction. If
the victim had indeed consented to have the photographs taken for the purpose
of such a record, it was inconceivable that the Accused did not immediately
proceed to show them to the victim and then properly document them, when he
could easily have done so, even keeping in mind the ostensible need for him to
be discreet about the matter.

80 Beyond the photographs that were captured and retained in his mobile phone,
it would stand to reason that the Accused must also have had other physical
contact with the victim over the durations when the victim remained sedated on
both days. It would be ill-advised of me to venture any further into the realm
of conjecture to speculate what else might have possibly taken place when the
victim was sedated and for how long. But even without the aid of a vivid
imagination, the general inferences from the available objective evidence were
irresistibly clear and irretrievably damning.

Conclusion on the appeal against conviction and additional observations

81 The respective actus rei for the charges under ss 354(1) and 328 of the PC
were not in dispute. The victim was sedated when the offences were committed
on him, and he had been misled about the true purpose of sedation. He could
not be expected to have given any evidence, let alone “unusually convincing”
evidence, about what had transpired while he was completely unconscious. The
focus in this case therefore remained squarely on why the Accused did what he
had done and whether the evidence in its totality had raised any reasonable
doubt.

82 All the evidence pointed irresistibly towards the Accused having the
requisite mens rea to commit the offences. The District Judge found that there
was simply no reason why the victim would fabricate evidence to falsely
incriminate the Accused. Equally, there were no reasons for the material
Prosecution witnesses to harbour any ill will against the Accused and malign
him. In contrast, the District Judge found the Accused’s evidence to be
“inconsistent both internally and with the objective evidence”. I was entirely
in agreement with these findings. For the reasons set out above (at [65] to
[80]), I had no hesitation affirming the District Judge’s decision to convict
the Accused on the charges.

83 I noted that the victim had testified that the Accused was the one who had
initiated discussion over the topic of the former’s curved penis. The Accused
had sent him a message saying that he “couldn’t stand” the victim’s condition.
The victim had also maintained that the Accused was “very persistent” about
wanting the procedure done. Indeed, both from the victim’s testimony and the
way the Accused ran his defence, it would seem that the latter’s obsessive
(and excessive) curiosity and fascination with the victim’s curved penis
undergirded his reliance on the “clinical procedure” defence. However, like
the District Judge, I failed to see how this brought his case any further. In
any event, it would not have presented a very different scenario from Zeng
Guoyuan v Public Prosecutor [1997] 2 SLR(R) 556 (“Zeng Guoyuan”), where the
appellant’s guise of playing doctor found no favour with the trial judge and
the High Court on appeal.

84 Even assuming, arguendo, that the Accused was exhibiting a morbidly
obsessive curiosity over the victim’s curved penis and making it his personal
quest to find some way to correct it, this did not mean that he could not also
have simultaneously harboured a perverse urge and intent to outrage the
victim’s modesty under the pretext of checking and manipulating the victim’s
penis. As I had intimated above (at [74]), the Accused’s motives in sedating
the victim on two separate days in the hotel room obviously had nothing to do
with professional care or genuine concern for the victim’s well-being. He was
merely keeping up a carefully-orchestrated charade.

The appeals against sentence

85 The Prosecution’s appeal against the sentences imposed was premised largely
on the manifest inadequacy of the punishment, having regard to the range of
aggravating factors. The Accused in turn appealed against sentence, but at the
appeal, his submissions were aimed primarily at persuading the court not to
enhance the sentences if the appeal against conviction were to be dismissed.

86 The conduct of the Accused’s defence at trial showed that he was completely
unremorseful. His behaviour was utterly disgraceful. I need only summarise the
main aggravating factors. The Accused had gravely abused his position of trust
and authority as a medical professional to take advantage of his own patient,
who was ostensibly also his protégé and business partner. His actions were
clearly planned and premeditated. He indulged in multiple instances of skin-
to-skin contact with the victim’s penis when the victim was completely
unconscious, at his most vulnerable and defenceless.

87 The Accused gave himself full licence to basically do whatever he pleased
when the victim was under sedation, without any regard to the immense
indignities that the victim was being made to suffer at his hands. He not only
took numerous photographs of the victim’s penis, but also deliberately
captured the victim’s face in the photographs. He ignored the serious and real
risks in sedating the victim. He was not even awake when the victim woke up to
find him lying on the bed beside him on 6 July 2013. He also decided that
attack was the best defence, and chose to instruct counsel to attack the
victim’s character and cast doubt on the credibility of the other witnesses.

88 I was unable to find any significant mitigating factor in favour of the
Accused apart from the fact that he had no prior convictions. The fact that
the photographs were not circulated was not mitigating. If anything, it would
have been aggravating had they been circulated. All considered, the sentences
imposed were certainly not manifestly excessive. Rather I found that they were
in fact very much on the low side. I agreed with the Prosecution that the
individual sentences ought to be enhanced to more appropriately reflect the
gravity and egregiousness of the offending conduct. The sentences had to have
a palpable deterrent effect.

89 The benchmark sentence for offences under s 354 of the PC involving
intrusion of the victim’s private parts or sexual organs is nine months’
imprisonment and three strokes of the cane. This was clearly laid down in
Chandresh Patel v Public Prosecutor [1995] 1 CLAS News 323 and affirmed in
Public Prosecutor v Chow Yee Sze [2011] 1 SLR 481 (at [9]) as a “well-
established sentencing benchmark”. Where there are other aggravating
circumstances, the courts have not hesitated to scale up the imprisonment
terms beyond nine months. In a few recent cases cited by the Prosecution which
I had dealt with on appeal (AZP v Public Prosecutor and another appeal
Magistrate’s Appeals Nos 38 and 39 of 2015; Liew Hoo Ling v Public Prosecutor
Magistrate’s Appeal No 9155 of 2016; and Li Qingdong v Public Prosecutor
Magistrate’s Appeal No 9274 of 2016) the sentences reflected the appropriate
uplift, ranging from 11 to 18 months’ imprisonment and two to three strokes of
the cane on each charge.

90 In cases involving medical professionals, even where the facts did not
reveal intrusion of the victim’s sexual organs (eg, Lee Siew Boon Winston v
Public Prosecutor [2015] 4 SLR 1184 (see the full judgment in Winston Lee Siew
Boon v Public Prosecutor [2015] SGHC 186); Public Prosecutor v Ho Ah Hoo
Steven [2007] SGDC 162; and Zeng Guoyuan), a retributive element in sentencing
has been taken into account alongside the need for adequate deterrence. This
is largely to address the aggravating factor of abuse of trust by virtue of
the offenders having taken advantage of their professional positions to commit
the offences.

91 The Accused could not be caned as he was above 50 years of age. Each of the
offences under s 354(1) of the PC would ordinarily have attracted caning in
the exercise of the sentencing court’s discretion. The need for a sufficiently
deterrent and retributive sentence compelled me to impose two months’
imprisonment in lieu of caning on each of the charges under s 354(1) of the
PC, in the exercise of my discretion under s 325(2) of the Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed). As outlined by Sundaresh Menon CJ in his oral
grounds in Amin bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor Magistrate’s Appeal No 9308
of 2016, the starting point would not always be to consider a term of
imprisonment in lieu of caning, but to ask if further imprisonment was
warranted. There should be grounds to warrant enhancement of the existing
imprisonment term having regard to the seriousness of the offence and the
culpability of the offender. In the present case, I was fully satisfied that
this was warranted in view of the substantial aggravating factors. I thus
ordered 14 months’ imprisonment for each of the three charges under s 354(1)
of the PC for which he had been convicted (including the first charge).

92 In respect of the sentences for the two charges under s 328 of the PC, I
was of the view that these should be calibrated at a substantially higher
level of 40 months’ imprisonment per charge. In arriving at this view, I drew
guidance from Teslim Khan bin Abdul Sheer v Public Prosecutor Magistrate’s
Appeal No 4 of 1997, where a sentence of four years’ imprisonment for a charge
under s 328 of an earlier edition of the PC was ordered in respect of an
offender who had spiked the victim’s juice drink with sleeping tablets and
taken semi-nude photographs of her with the intention of using them to coerce
her into marrying him. The offender pleaded guilty and subsequently appealed
against his sentence but the appeal lapsed.

93 The original sentence of 30 months’ imprisonment was, in my view,
manifestly inadequate having regard to the various aggravating features
highlighted by the Prosecution, which principally included the serious abuse
of authority, betrayal of trust and premeditation and deliberation in
administering the drugs in a non-clinical environment without any regard to
the potential grave risks to the victim. The victim was completely defenceless
and vulnerable.

94 Finally, with the same two imprisonment terms running consecutively, this
would address the issue of the adequacy of the sentence in its totality.

Conclusion

95 For the foregoing reasons, the Accused’s appeals against conviction and
sentence were dismissed and the Prosecution’s appeals were allowed. In the
premises, I was satisfied that the District Judge had misdirected himself and
plainly erred in concluding that the first charge (DAC 919812/2014) was not
proved beyond reasonable doubt. I therefore reversed the order of acquittal
and recorded a conviction in respect of the first charge.

96 This was a most unusual case. The Accused’s conduct was highly egregious
and the accumulated aggravating factors weighed heavily against him. I was of
the view that the sentences imposed by the District Judge were manifestly
inadequate. Accordingly, I allowed the Prosecution’s appeal against sentence
and enhanced the imprisonment terms, and ordered the Accused to serve a total
of 54 months’ imprisonment, 12 months above what he had originally been
sentenced to.

See Kee Oon  
Judge

Alan Loh, Victoria Ting and Thiagesh Sukumaran (Attorney-General’s Chambers)
for the Public Prosecutor;  
Edmond Pereira and Vickie Tan (Edmond Pereira Law Corporation) for the
Accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 24 Aug 2022 (16:03 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

