Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 247

Originating Summons No 478 of 2017  
(Summons Nos 2425 and 3856 of 2017)

Between

OGSP ENGINEERING PTE LTD

… Applicant

And

COMFORT MANAGEMENT PTE LTD

… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Building and construction law] — [Statute and regulations] — [Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act]

[Building and construction law] — [Dispute resolution] — [Patent errors]

[Building and construction law] — [Dispute resolution] — [Stay of enforcement
pending appeal]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
OGSP Engineering Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Comfort Management Pte Ltd

[2017] SGHC 247

High Court — Originating Summons No 478 of 2017  
(Summons Nos 2425 and 3856 of 2017)  
Tan Siong Thye J  
11, 14 August; 8 September 2017

4 October 2017

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 OGSP Engineering Pte Ltd (“OGSP”) was hired by Comfort Management Pte Ltd
(“Comfort”) as a sub-contractor for its project. A dispute arose between OGSP
and Comfort, as a consequence of which OGSP lodged a payment claim titled
Payment Claim No 12 (“PC12”) against Comfort for certain work done. Comfort
did not file a payment response. Although Comfort eventually filed an
adjudication response during the adjudication proceedings, the adjudication
response was invalid as it was out of time. Hence, OGSP obtained an
adjudication determination dated 21 April 2017 in its favour (“the AD”).

2 OGSP filed Originating Summons No 478 of 2017 (“OS 478”) to enforce the AD
as a judgment debt. In response, Comfort filed Summons No 2425 of 2017 (“SUM
2425”) to set aside the AD. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Wenda Lew’s 1st affidavit, para 3.

Having heard the parties’ submissions, I gave brief reasons to explain why I
dismissed Comfort’s application to set aside the AD. I now explain my reasons
in further detail.

Background

3 Both Comfort and OGSP are Singapore-incorporated companies with the
principal business of general construction and building works. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Wenda Lew’s 1st affidavit, paras 4-5.

In October 2013, Comfort engaged OGSP under a sub-contract where OGSP was to
supply and install a ventilation and ducting system for a warehouse in Joo
Koon Circle for a fixed sum of $1.25m (excluding GST) (“the Contract”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Wenda Lew’s 1st affidavit, para 6.

4 On 16 March 2017, OGSP issued PC12 to Comfort for work done between October
2013 and October 2014. The amount claimed was $890,262.23 (including GST). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Wenda Lew’s 1st affidavit, para 9.

On 30 March 2017, Comfort’s lawyers sent an email to OGSP stating that the
invoices in PC12 had already been paid and asked for additional supporting
documents. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Wenda Lew’s 1st affidavit, para 10.

Notwithstanding that letter, OGSP served its Notice of Intention to Apply for
Adjudication on Comfort on 4 April 2017. On 6 April 2017, OGSP served its
adjudication application on the Singapore Mediation Centre (“SMC”) and filed
its submissions for the adjudication application. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Wenda Lew’s 1st affidavit, para 11.

SMC served a copy of the adjudication application on Comfort on 7 April 2017.
Comfort filed its adjudication response and its submissions with the SMC on 17
April 2017. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Wenda Lew’s 1st affidavit, para 14.

OGSP objected to the adjudication response on the ground that it was out of
time.

5 On 21 April 2017, the adjudicator issued his AD and held, among other
things, that the sum of $890,262.23 was payable by Comfort to OGSP within
seven days after the service of the AD on Comfort. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Wenda Lew’s 1st affidavit, para 22.

OGSP filed OS 478 on 3 May 2017 seeking to enforce the AD as a judgment debt
and Comfort sought to set aside the AD in SUM 2425.

Parties’ submissions

Comfort’s submissions

6 Comfort accepted the adjudicator’s finding that there was no valid payment
response and adjudication response within the meaning of the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (the
“SOPA”). Hence, Comfort also accepted that, under s 15(3) of the SOPA, the
adjudicator could not consider any matter that had not been raised in the
payment response. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions for HC/SUM 2425/2017 (“RWS”), para 16.

However, it submitted that the court should still set aside the AD on two
grounds.

7 First, Comfort submitted that the AD should be set aside as the adjudicator
did not consider the patent errors in OGSP’s claims. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

RWS, para 17.

According to Comfort, almost the whole AD dealt with whether there was a valid
payment response and adjudication response and the adjudicator had applied a
“blank and unthinking mind” to the substantive claims before him. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

RWS, para 61.

These substantive claims pertained to the claims for the contract sum, the
retention money, the variation works and the cost of the materials.

8 In relation to the contract sum and the retention money, Comfort alleged
that OGSP had provided “absolutely no supporting documents” evincing that the
work claimed for had been done. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

RWS, para 49.

The supporting documents related to 92% of the work which had already been
completed but not the remaining 8% which was part of the claim in PC12. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

RWS, para 49.

The adjudicator made a leap of logic by concluding at para 68.1 of the AD that
there were “no materials or information… to suggest that the Works were not
completed or that the Retention Money [was] not due for release”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

RWS, paras 49-51; AD at para 68.1.

Instead, the adjudicator should have required OGSP to provide evidence of its
claims.

9 In relation to OGSP’s claims for variation works, Comfort submitted that the
only paragraph which dealt with this in the AD – para 68.2 – did not make any
mention of the relevant contractual provisions such as cl 11 of the Contract.
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

RWS, paras 40-41.

If the adjudicator had applied his mind to the contractual provisions, it
would have been “readily apparent” that OGSP provided no evidence of the
variation works, as required under the Contract. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

RWS, paras 42-43.

In addition, OGSP did not set out the sums it claimed in the adjudication
application or in PC12, but rather only did so subsequently in its submissions
in the adjudication application. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

RWS, para 44.

10 Finally, in relation to the cost of materials claimed, Comfort submitted
that based on para 68.3 of the AD, the adjudicator had not gone beyond reading
OGSP’s claim as presented. He did not consider that the table tendered in
support of OGSP’s claim did not correlate to the alleged work done. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

RWS, paras 58-59.

11 Comfort’s second ground for setting aside the AD was that there was a
fraudulent conspiracy involving OGSP, RSP Engineering Pte Ltd (formerly known
as SS Mechanical and Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd) (“SS Mechanical”), and
Pintu Kumar Sarker (“Pintu”) who was Comfort’s project manager and SS
Mechanical’s initial sole director and shareholder. The alleged conspiracy was
that OGSP would present inflated invoices for work done when no such work had
in fact been done by that time, and that Pintu would facilitate the invoices.
19

##### Foot Note 19

×

RWS, para 70; Wenda Lew’s 1st affidavit, para 57.

Ultimately, the aim was to obtain frontloaded payments from Comfort for work
not yet done, to benefit the conspirators.

12 Comfort submitted that Pintu was originally the sole director and
shareholder of SS Mechanical but gave his directorship and shares to his
friend, one Sankara Kumara Kannan, in July 2013. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Wenda Lew’s 1st affidavit, para 58.

However, Pintu still maintained control over SS Mechanical. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Wenda Lew’s 1st affidavit, paras 63-64.

At the same time, in October 2013, Pintu would represent Comfort in its
discussions with OGSP regarding the Contract, and managed the project until it
concluded in July 2015. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Wenda Lew’s 1st affidavit, paras 61-62.

During this time, Pintu would facilitate OGSP’s fraud. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Wenda Lew’s 1st affidavit, para 64.

Comfort alleged that OGSP would award a purchase order to SS Mechanical. The
latter would then issue invoices to OGSP under the purchase order which were
actually false. But OGSP could then submit these invoices to Comfort for work
done although there had in fact been no work done. When OGSP claimed payment
for almost all the work, it then abandoned the project and forced Comfort to
engage other contractors to complete the project. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Wenda Lew’s 1st affidavit, para 73.

OGSP’s submissions

13 OGSP submitted that neither of Comfort’s two grounds was sufficient for the
court to set aside the AD.

14 In relation to Comfort’s first ground to set aside the AD which was that
the adjudicator had failed to consider patent errors, OGSP made two arguments.
First, OGSP submitted that the adjudicator had correctly dismissed Comfort’s
arguments that there were patent errors in OGSP’s claim. OGSP said that
Comfort was “abusing” the setting-aside application to ask the court to infer
that the adjudicator had merely “rubber-stamped” the adjudication application
when he had not. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions for HC/SUM 2425/2017 (“AWS”), paras 22-27.

OGSP relied on para 65 of the AD, where the adjudicator expressly noted that
“even in the absence of a payment response or an adjudication response, [he]
must not merely rubber stamp a claim”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Respondent’s Bundle of Documents for HC/SUM 2425/2017 (“RBD”), vol 3, p 1947.

OGSP also argued that by failing to raise the alleged patent errors at the
payment response stage, Comfort had waived its right to raise this objection
before the adjudicator and in court. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AWS, para 31.

15 Second, OGSP said that in any event there were no patent errors in its
claim. For the contract sum and the retention money, OGSP submitted that it
was Comfort who continually refused to verify the work done despite multiple
email chasers. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AWS, paras 48-49.

OGSP relied on the fact that the registered inspector’s inspection and the
Temporary Occupation Permit (“TOP”) inspection had been completed. These
indicated that the work concerned had been completed. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AWS, paras 55-58.

OGSP acknowledged Comfort’s allegations that no invoices were attached to PC12
for 8% of the work, but said that the Contract was still substantially
completed since Comfort had certified that the remaining 92% was complete and
because the warehouse itself had already gone into operation and was
accessible to the public. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AWS, paras 59-62.

16 For the variation works, OGSP said that Comfort could not object to OGSP’s
claims as it took a “hands off” approach and left the issue of the variation
works to OGSP. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AWS, para 76.

When OGSP asked Comfort for clear written instructions, Comfort’s
representatives refused to provide any. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AWS, para 74.

17 Finally, for the cost of materials, OGSP said that Comfort had, on multiple
occasions and through Pintu, asked OGSP to order additional materials for the
project. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AWS, paras 79-83.

OGSP left the materials on site which were used without its permission. When
it raised the issue to Comfort, the latter did not respond or offer any
solutions. Hence, these were costs that were properly incurred for the
project. In the circumstances, OGSP submitted that there were no patent errors
in its claims.

18 In relation to Comfort’s second ground to set aside the AD which was that
there was a conspiracy of front loading the invoices, OGSP submitted that
apart from SS Mechanical’s invoices, no documents linked Pintu to OGSP. Even
SS Mechanical’s invoices presented were nothing out of the ordinary. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AWS, para 107.

In fact, it was Comfort who told OGSP that the latter should contact Pintu as
he was the project manager. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Natarajan Venkatesh’s 1st affidavit, paras 55-56.

Finally, OGSP highlighted that Comfort did not raise the allegation of
conspiracy in the adjudication response and this was only raised for the first
time in the affidavit of one Lew Sien Yen Wenda (“Wenda Lew”) dated 26 May
2017. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AWS, para 8.

Therefore, this showed that the allegation of conspiracy was nothing more than
an afterthought.

The court’s decision

Issues

19 There were two issues before the court:

(a) whether the adjudicator failed to consider any patent error in OGSP’s
claim such that the AD should be set aside; and

(b) whether there was a fraudulent conspiracy between OGSP, SS Mechanical and
Pintu to present inflated invoices to Comfort such that the AD should be set
aside.

The adjudicator’s alleged failure to consider patent errors

20 Comfort’s failure to lodge a payment response and its late adjudication
response put it at a great disadvantage during its application to set aside
the AD. Section 15(3) of the SOPA prohibits the adjudicator from considering
matters not raised in the payment response:

(3) The respondent shall not include in any adjudication response, and the
adjudicator shall not consider, any reason for withholding any amount,
including, but not limited to any cross-claim, counterclaim and set-off,
unless –

(a) where the adjudication relates to a construction contract, the reason was
included in the relevant payment response provided by the respondent to the
claimant; …

[emphasis added]

Therefore, the adjudicator was correct not to have considered Comfort’s
explanation for not honouring PC12. Comfort could not set aside the AD based
on the adjudicator’s failure to consider anything within its payment response
and adjudication response, which Comfort rightly conceded. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

RWS, paras 16-17.

21 However, even if the respondent failed to file a payment response (which
would prevent the adjudicator from considering the arguments raised in the
payment response under s 15(3) of the SOPA), the adjudicator would still need
to consider patent errors in the adjudication application. The Court of Appeal
in W Y Steel Construction Pte Ltd v Osko Pte Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 380 (“W Y
Steel”) expressed the respondent’s right to have patent errors considered even
though it did not file a payment response in the following terms (at
[50]–[52]):

50 Notwithstanding this, we consider the question of whether it would even
have been open to W Y Steel, who had not filed a payment response, to make a
submission that Osko’s payment claim was patently in error…

51 … In our judgment, under s 17(3) of the Act, even where no response has
been filed, an adjudicator must make a determination, and in doing so, it is
incumbent on him to consider the material which is properly before him and
which he is permitted and, indeed, obliged to consider. …

52 In our judgment, an adjudicator is bound to consider the payment claim
before him and cannot make his determination as if the fact that the
respondent has not filed a response obviates the need for him to consider the
material properly before him. The adjudication does not become a mere
formality. The adjudicator is obliged to adjudicate, and in discharging this
obligation, he must consider the material properly before him and make an
independent and impartial determination in a timely manner …

[emphasis in original]

22 Nevertheless, it must be emphasised that the court “should not review the
merits of an adjudicator’s decision” (Lee Wee Lick Terence (alias Li Weili
Terence) v Chua Say Eng (formerly trading as Weng Fatt Construction
Engineering) and another appeal [2013] 1 SLR 401 at [66]). Thus, my focus was
confined to the issue of whether the adjudicator had failed to consider and
spot patent errors in the adjudication application.

23 As to what is meant by patent errors, the Court of Appeal in W Y Steel
intimated that this would refer to “errors manifest from the material that was
properly before the [a]djudicator” (at [54]). This was similarly stated by Lee
Seiu Kin J in Aik Heng Contracts and Services Pte Ltd v Deshin Engineering &
Construction Pte Ltd [2015] SGHC 293 where he noted that patent errors were
those that were “on the face of that material” [emphasis omitted] (at [30]).
In Kingsford Construction Pte Ltd v A Deli Construction Pte Ltd [2017] SGHC
174, I provided an illustration of a patent error at [35] as follows:

… For instance, if the documentary evidence submitted by the claimant plainly
contradicted its claimed amount, the respondent would be entitled to point
that out to the adjudicator. Indeed, this accords with the plain and simple
meaning of “patent” under the Oxford Dictionary which refers to something that
is “easily recognisable” or “obvious”. Hence, the adjudicators in this case
had to spot obvious and clear cut errors in the payment claims.

In the present case, I adopted these statements of the law and found that the
search for patent errors must be limited to the face of the relevant
documents.

24 With these principles in mind, I turn now to explain why I found that the
adjudicator did not fail to consider any alleged patent errors in this case.

25 The adjudicator was aware that he had to scrutinise OGSP’s adjudication
application for patent errors. This was clear from para 65 of the AD, where
the adjudicator noted that “even in the absence of a payment response or an
adjudication response, I must not merely rubber stamp a claim. I must consider
the material properly before me and consider if there are patent errors”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

RBD, vol 3, p 1947, para 65.

Having set out this general approach, the adjudicator went on to examine the
documents properly before him at paras 67 to 69 and concluded that “[h]aving
gone through this AA, I am of the view that there are no reasons for me to
suspect that there are any patent errors and so I hold”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

RBD, vol 3, p 1949, para 69.

Hence, this was not a case where the adjudicator did not know that he had the
duty to consider patent errors and hence failed to do so.

26 Comfort’s argument was essentially that despite having been aware of his
duty to look out for patent errors, the adjudicator either failed to spot
these errors or had paid lip service to his duty. Neither of these was tenable
on the facts before me. Instead, the adjudicator had explicitly referred to
the “full lump sum contract price”, the “VO 2 [ie, the variation order]”, and
the “Costs of Materials”. He had compared these claims made by Comfort against
the documents in the adjudication application. There was no evidence at all to
suggest that the adjudicator had not done what he said.

27 Comfort additionally submitted that the adjudicator had failed to spot a
patent error as he did not consider the contractual provisions before him,
particularly cl 11, as required by s 17(3)(b) of the SOPA. Section 17(3)(b)
provides that:

(3) Subject to subsection (4), in determining an adjudication application, an
adjudicator shall only have regard to the following matters:

…

(b) the provisions of the contract to which the adjudication application
relates;

…

28 In my view, s 17(3) does not prescribe what the adjudicator must consider.
Rather, it sets out the outer limits of what the adjudicator can consider, ie,
the adjudicator cannot consider anything outside what is stated in s 17(3).
When a case falls within the outer limits set by s 17(3), the relevant
provision is s 15(3), which provides that where the respondent does not file a
payment response, the adjudicator cannot consider the respondent’s “reason[s]
for withholding any amount”. Hence, I did not accept Comfort’s submissions
that the adjudicator in this case was obliged to look at the contractual
provisions by virtue of s 17(3) of the SOPA. Instead, the adjudicator would
have been wrong to consider the reasons that Comfort provided unless these
were reasons that were already on the face of the record, ie, patent errors.

29 In any event, even if Comfort were right and the adjudicator needed to
consider cl 11, I was not satisfied that this was a patent error. The relevant
portions of cl 11 provide that OGSP must have provided “relevant supporting
documents” for its claim for variation works, which the adjudicator clearly
considered at para 68.2 of the AD. The adjudicator looked at the “table
summarizing the details” of the variation order and a letter dated 25 October
2016 enclosing two appendices of drawings. The adjudicator clearly considered
these to be sufficient supporting documents. To the extent that Comfort was
arguing that these were not sufficient supporting documents, this was an
attempt to review the merits of the adjudicator’s decision. As I noted above
at [22], it is not the function of the court to review the AD’s merits in a
setting-aside application.

30 It was very unfortunate that Comfort took a condescending approach when it
replied to OGSP’s PC12 on 30 March 2017. Comfort took the view that it did not
need to file a payment response and it must live with the consequences of its
decision. If Comfort was so determined to dispute PC12, as its solicitors have
done so vigorously in these proceedings, then it should have lodged a payment
response with all the reasons that it had canvassed before the court. The
adjudicator would then be obliged to consider those reasons subject to the
limits in s 17(3) of the SOPA. Comfort refused to take this golden opportunity
and it could not use this court as a forum to ventilate its arguments as to
the merits, having chosen to sit on its hands when it could have lodged a
payment response. The Court of Appeal in W Y Steel faced a similar application
and it had this to say (at [54]):

… W Y Steel was not seeking to rely on errors manifest from the material that
was properly before the Adjudicator. Rather, it was seeking to remedy the
irremediable consequences of its failure to file a payment response.
Significantly, the Adjudication Determination expressly stated … that the
Adjudicator did consider “the parties’ submissions and the matters an
adjudicator can consider … pursuant to the provisions of section 17(3) of the
[Act]”, and there is nothing to indicate that he did not in fact do so.
Certainly, there was nothing in the arguments presented before us that went to
making good W Y Steel’s suggestion that the Adjudicator had applied a blank or
unthinking mind to the issues before him. Accordingly, this argument also
fails.

31 The Court of Appeal’s comments in W Y Steel were also apposite in this
case. I rejected Comfort’s attempt to introduce its arguments on the merits of
its case by the back door.

32 Accordingly, I was satisfied that the adjudicator did look out for patent
errors and found there were none before he delivered the AD. But even assuming
that the adjudicator did overlook some patent errors, whether the court would
set aside the AD would depend on the seriousness and the extent of the patent
errors. If the patent errors were minor and had a marginal or insignificant
impact on the adjudication sum, then logically these would be insufficient to
set aside the AD. The court would not readily set aside an adjudication
determination for the slightest reasons. This approach is also in line with
the overall purpose and objective of the SOPA, which is to provide quick
justice for the building and construction industry that has cashflow as its
lifeblood. I noted these concerns in the recent case of AES Façade Pte Ltd v
WYSE Pte Ltd [2017] SGHC 171 (“AES Façade”) at [23] as follows:

At the same time, Parliament recognised that quick justice may not be perfect.
An adjudication process speedy enough to ensure that payment was made before
its withholding became commercially dangerous was necessary. It was
acknowledged that the adjudication process might not be expected to provide
the same level of scrutiny and sophisticated legal analysis as would be
available before a court or an ordinary arbitral tribunal. In that sense
adjudication under the SOP Act delivers a “roughshod” kind of justice, which
is compensated for by the fact that the adjudication only has “temporary
finality”, ie, finality until the dispute is “reopened at a later time and
ventilated in another more thorough and deliberate forum” (W Y Steel at [22]).
…

A court that readily sets aside adjudication determinations would not be
acting in line with the purpose of the SOPA. This is because it would allow
unsatisfied respondents to set aside adjudication determinations based on
inconsequential failures to consider patent errors, thereby delaying the quick
justice envisaged by the SOPA.

33 However, this was not the case here as I found that the adjudicator had not
been in breach of his duty to consider patent errors on the face of the
materials before him. Thus, there was no need to deal with the issue of
whether the errors were sufficiently material to warrant a setting aside.
Accordingly, I rejected Comfort’s submissions that the AD should be set aside
on this ground.

Allegations of OGSP’s conspiracy to defraud Comfort

34 It was not entirely clear whether the statutory scheme under the SOPA
provides for the challenge of adjudication determinations on the ground that
it had been obtained by fraud. However, some decided cases appear to have made
comments to that effect. In Mansource Interior Pte Ltd v Citiwall Safety Glass
Pte Ltd [2014] 3 SLR 264, I noted that “[a]lthough there have been no cases
that have held that fraud should be a ground for setting aside an adjudication
determination, I am of the opinion that it is a valid ground for setting
aside” (at [31]). I did not, however, ultimately make a finding of fraud on
the facts. This case went on appeal but the finding on fraud was irrelevant
for the purposes of the appeal (see Citiwall Safety Glass Pte Ltd v Mansource
Interior Pte Ltd [2015] 5 SLR 482 at [8]).

35 A similar sentiment was expressed by Lee Seiu Kin J in W Y Steel
Construction Pte Ltd v Osko Pte Ltd [2012] SGHC 194 at [7], where Lee J
concluded that the adjudication determination in that case was valid “except
for the possible exception of a clear case of fraud”. Again, this finding was
not referenced on appeal.

36 In the Supreme Court of New South Wales case of QC Communications NSW Pty
Ltd v CivComm Pty Ltd [2016] NSWSC 1095 (“CivComm”), the New South Wales
Supreme Court interpreted the provisions of the Building and Construction
Industry Security of Payment Act (Act 46 of 1999), which is in pari materia
with the SOPA. The court concluded at [31]–[32] that where an adjudication
determination was obtained by fraud in which the adjudicator was not involved,
the adjudication determination may be set aside by court proceedings akin to
the situation where a judgment was obtained by fraud. The court went on to
explain that this may occur where the application is based on facts discovered
after the judgment which are material, and it is reasonably clear that the
fresh evidence would have provided an opposite verdict.

37 I agreed with these observations and found that where an adjudication
determination was obtained by fraud that did not pertain to the adjudicator,
it may be set aside under the SOPA. Although no provision within the SOPA
expressly provides that an adjudication determination obtained by fraud can be
set aside by the court, it is trite that the court will not allow its
processes to be used to facilitate fraud. An adjudication determination is
enforced by applying to the court for an order to enforce it as a judgment
debt. Hence, the court will not assist in this process where the adjudication
determination had been obtained by fraud on the part of one party.
Furthermore, in this case, both parties accepted that fraud was a ground to
set aside the AD.

38 However, I did not find any evidence of fraud on the facts of this case.
Comfort alleged that OGSP had entered into a conspiracy with SS Mechanical and
Pintu to defraud it. According to Comfort, under the conspiracy OGSP would
claim inflated sums to be collected from Comfort. Pintu and SS Mechanical
would assist in this process as Pintu was the point of contact between Comfort
and OGSP as the project manager. Hence, Pintu would have known of any
‘frontloading’ (ie, inflated claims) that had taken place. To support its
claim, Comfort produced an audio transcript of its meeting with Pintu. It
asserted that the transcript was evidence of the “frontloading” by OGSP, in
that Pintu had admitted to the frontloading during the course of the interview
with one Lim Fatt Seng (“Lim”) and Wenda Lew. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

RWS, paras 72-76.

39 I had carefully perused the transcript provided 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

RBD, vol 3, pp 1972-1981.

and found nothing to suggest that Pintu had admitted that there was
frontloading. On the contrary, when Lim pointedly asked him whether he had
frontloaded the payment claims, Pintu expressly denied it. The relevant parts
of the transcript provided as follows: 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

RBD, vol 3, p 1977.

[Lim]: Because you got the [Purchase Order] so therefore you front loaded the
progress claim. You know what is call front-loading of the progress claim? You
claim as much as you claim but the work is not done.

[Pintu]: No, no we put the price and give the OGSP (inaudible 18:33) and not
the Lead to decide but the Lead Management how many percent certify, same
certifying from us.

…

[Lim]: How does Leads check the progress claim and certify?

[Pintu]: This one I don’t know. Normally we give, then the Hoo Yin Shi
sometime give one time, sometime we chasing chasing they give. But who go and
certify verify go and certify they normally don’t tell us.

40 Contrary to Comfort’s submissions, this passage did not assist its case
that Pintu had admitted to frontloading. Instead, Pintu had not only denied
the allegation but had also explained that there were back-to-back contracts
between OGSP and Comfort, and between Comfort and Lead Management Engineering
& Construction Pte Ltd (“Lead”). Under these contracts, OGSP would complete
work for Comfort which would in turn complete work for Lead. Hence, the
process of certifying work done was managed by Lead and not by Comfort or
Pintu himself. Therefore, Pintu could not have facilitated the process of
making inflated claims nor could he have been part of any conspiracy with OGSP
to submit inflated claims. Pintu’s position was consistent with cl 4 of the
Contract, which provides that the payment from Comfort to OGSP would only be
due 30 days after Comfort received the payment from Lead. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

RBD, vol 1, p 27.

It made sense that Lead (and not Pintu) would have been the one verifying the
claims because Comfort would only make payments to OGSP after Lead had
certified and made payments to Comfort.

41 In addition to the fact that the audio transcript did not show that Pintu
had admitted to frontloading, I also noted that the meeting with Pintu was
only conducted very recently – on 22 May 2017. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

RBD, vol 3, p 1972.

The setting aside application was filed four days later on 26 May 2017. It was
clear to me that the meeting with Pintu was conducted in preparation to boost
Comfort’s chances in these proceedings. Despite Comfort’s best efforts, the
transcript alone was simply insufficient to establish a conspiracy to defraud.

42 In a further attempt to bolster its thin evidence that there was fraud,
Comfort sought to admit Wenda Lew’s third affidavit on the day of the hearing
itself. Essentially, Wenda Lew’s third affidavit stated that OGSP had twice
asked Comfort for assistance to fill up its audit confirmation forms which
stated that as of 31 March 2016 and 31 March 2017, the amount receivable from
Comfort due to OGSP was $73,077.79. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Wenda Lew’s 3rd affidavit, paras 4-5.

According to Wenda Lew, these audit confirmations “contradict the claims made
by OGSP in the adjudication”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Wenda Lew’s 3rd affidavit, para 6.

Comfort submitted that OGSP knew that it was only owed $73,077.79 but claimed
$890,262.23. This showed that OGSP did not honestly believe that the items
stated in PC12 were true. Hence, OGSP fraudulently intended to deceive Comfort
in the adjudication. In response, Comfort submitted that OGSP did not include
the sums in Variation Order No 2 (“VO2”) in the audit confirmation because at
the time of the audit confirmation, the adjudication application had not yet
been made. Hence, OGSP was unable to recognise the sum of $621,282.73 due
under VO2 as “revenue”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Michelle Kuah’s 1st affidavit, paras 10-13.

43 I did not accept Comfort’s submissions that Wenda Lew’s third affidavit,
along with its attached documents like the audit compliance emails, showed
that OGSP did not genuinely believe in the sums that it claimed in PC12.
Michelle Kuah (“Kuah”), who was OGSP’s financial controller, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Michelle Kuah’s 1st affidavit, para 1.

deposed on an affidavit that the sums in the audit compliance forms were low
because of accounting uncertainties. According to Kuah, the audit compliance
forms had been prepared in accordance with the Singapore Financial Reporting
Standards. These standards provided that a company’s revenue could only be
recognised where “it is probable that the economic benefits associated with
the transaction will flow to the entity” 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Michelle Kuah’s 1st affidavit, paras 8-9.

and that OGSP’s auditors were hence “reluctant” to allow such sums to be
included when there was not enough information about them. She further
explained that this lack of information was due to Comfort’s own refusal to
provide OGSP with information. Moreover, at this time the adjudication
application had yet to be filed. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Michelle Kuah’s 1st affidavit, paras 10 and 12.

44 Comfort did not file any affidavit to contradict Kuah’s evidence even
though it had the chance to do so, having filed the first affidavit of one Ong
Siow Ping, Comfort’s accountant, just three days later. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Ong Siow Ping’s 1st affidavit, para 1.

Instead, Comfort’s solicitors sought to question the veracity of her findings
during their submissions. Without further evidence provided by Comfort, I
found that the reduced claim was more likely to have been an issue with OGSP’s
accounting practices or requirements, than to constitute evidence of fraud.

45 Accordingly, I found that Comfort did not establish that there had been a
conspiracy amongst OGSP, SS Mechanical and Pintu to defraud Comfort. The audio
transcript and Wenda Lew’s third affidavit, whether taken separately or
together, were insufficient to establish the requisite fraudulent intention.

Stay of enforcement pending appeal

46 After I dismissed Comfort’s application to set aside the AD in SUM 2425,
Comfort took out Summons No 3856 of 2017 (“SUM 3856”) to apply for a stay of
enforcement of the AD pending Comfort’s appeal. In essence, Comfort submitted
that if the stay were not granted, then Comfort would not be able to recover
its monies even if the dispute were ultimately resolved in its favour. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions for HC/SUM 3856/2017 (“RWS 3856”), para 2.

47 Comfort did not submit that OGSP was insolvent as Comfort had no basis to
do so. However, Comfort alleged that OGSP had a history of declaring dividends
for its shareholders even if this resulted in it having much lesser
accumulated profits. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

RWS 3856, paras 23-32.

In this case, Comfort submitted that OGSP would declare dividends in favour of
Rotating Offshore Solutions Ltd (“ROS”), OGSP’s majority shareholder, to
reduce the losses that ROS had suffered for the financial year ending 31 March
2016. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

RWS 3856, para 46.

48 In response, OGSP submitted that Comfort’s allegations were speculative and
baseless. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions for HC/SUM 3856/2017 (“AWS 3856”), para 21.

OGSP explained that it had declared dividends to its shareholders out of its
retained profits from previous financial years 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

AWS 3856, para 23.

and in any event it had been profitable at the points in time when the
dividends were declared. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

AWS 3856, para 25.

Comfort’s submissions were based on cherry-picked information designed to cast
OGSP in a bad light. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AWS 3856, para 26.

As for ROS, OGSP submitted that ROS had been consistently making profits for
all the financial years that Comfort claimed to have reviewed. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AWS 3856, para 40.

In any event, ROS was only OGSP’s majority shareholder, not its sole
shareholder, and cannot simply “order” OGSP to declare dividends to negate
ROS’s own losses as Comfort alleged. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

AWS 3856, para 48.

Finally, OGSP submitted that Comfort was using a “double-barrelled” approach
to frustrate its right to the adjudicated amount, relying on the recent
decision in AES Façade. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AWS 3856, para 50.

49 I rejected Comfort’s submissions and did not grant its application for a
stay. The Court of Appeal in W Y Steel confirmed at [60] that the court
“retains the discretion to order a stay of enforcement of an adjudication
determination where it is necessary to do so in order to secure the ends of
justice”. The court then proceeded to set out the situations where a stay may
ordinarily be justified at [70] as follows:

70 In our judgment, a stay of enforcement of an adjudication determination may
ordinarily be justified where there is clear and objective evidence of the
successful claimant’s actual present insolvency, or where the court is
satisfied on a balance of probabilities that if the stay were not granted, the
money paid to the claimant would not ultimately be recovered if the dispute
between the parties were finally resolved in the respondent’s favour …

The court also noted that the party asking for a stay must satisfy the “high
threshold” of demonstrating that a stay is required because it “will not
readily be granted having regard to the overall purpose of the [SOPA], which
is precisely to avoid and guard against pushing building and construction
companies over the financial precipice” [emphasis omitted] (at [71]).

50 Comfort did not meet this high threshold. OGSP is perfectly entitled to
declare dividends for its shareholders as long as it did not put its company
in the red. Even the evidence that Comfort cited to the court did not show
that OGSP was insolvent or was about to be insolvent. Hence, Comfort could not
rely on this ground for its stay application.

51 In W Y Steel, W Y Steel argued for a stay because there were 11 lawsuits
that had been filed against Osko and the latter would have to pay off the
default judgments granted against it in two of the 11 lawsuits. Further, Osko
was currently in a net current liability position and had lent money to one of
its directors despite its financial difficulties (at [57]). Notwithstanding
these liabilities, the Court of Appeal refused to grant the stay, noting that
W Y Steel’s evidence was offset by Osko’s evidence that it was solvent even
though its paid-up capital was admittedly just $25,000 (W Y Steel at [58] and
[72]). The same conclusion applied in the present case. OGSP’s financial
controller, Kuah, deposed on an affidavit that OGSP declared its dividends
based on previous retained profits 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Michelle Kuah’s 2nd affidavit, para 7.

and that OGSP did not invariably declare dividends without thinking. For
instance, in the financial year ending 31 March 2016, OGSP did not declare
dividends in favour of ROS even though it made profits in that financial year.
63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Michelle Kuah’s 2nd affidavit, para 11.

I was unable to agree with Comfort that there was sufficient evidence that
OGSP would declare dividends to such an extent that it would be unable to
return the adjudicated sum should Comfort succeed on appeal.

52 Furthermore, even if OGSP’s financial statements indicated that it had been
in some financial difficulty, Comfort would have known of this at the time it
engaged OGSP as a sub-contractor. The Court of Appeal in W Y Steel noted at
[70] that it was relevant “whether the claimant’s financial distress was, to a
significant degree, caused by the respondent’s failure to pay the adjudicated
amount and, also, whether the claimant was already in a similar state of
financial strength or weakness (as the case may be) at the time the parties
entered into their contract”. In this case, even if OGSP could be considered
financially weak, this had already been its financial position in October 2013
according to Comfort’s own evidence and Comfort must be taken to have engaged
OGSP as its sub-contractor with that knowledge. The Court of Appeal in W Y
Steel made a similar finding at [72]:

72 … Further, to the extent that the accounts of Osko demonstrated that it was
in some financial distress, the accounts in question covered the period from 1
December 2010 to 30 November 2011, the very period in which Osko signed on as
a sub-contractor to W Y Steel. …

The court concluded that W Y Steel could not rely on Osko’s financial distress
because it had already known of Osko’s situation at the time it engaged the
latter. For the same reasons, I rejected Comfort’s submissions that the court
should exercise its discretion to stay enforcement of the AD pending appeal.

Conclusion

53 In summary, I was satisfied that the adjudicator found no patent errors
before he made the AD. There was also no evidence to suggest that there was
fraud in PC12. Accordingly, I dismissed Comfort’s application to set aside the
AD in SUM 2425. In the meantime, Comfort had taken out Suit No 509 of 2017
against OGSP, Pintu and SS Mechanical for loss and damage arising from OGSP’s
alleged breaches of the Contract and the purported conspiracy between OGSP,
Pintu and SS Mechanical.

54 Comfort then took out SUM 3856 seeking a stay of enforcement of the AD
pending its appeal of SUM 2425. I also dismissed this application.

55 I ordered Comfort to pay costs to OGSP for both applications, which were
fixed at $9,000 (including disbursements) for SUM 2425 and $5,000 (including
disbursements) for SUM 3856.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge

Nicholas Philip Lazarus and Elizabeth Toh Guek Li  
(Justicius Law Corporation) for the applicant in OS 478/2017  
and the respondent in SUM 2425/2017 and SUM 3856/2017;  
Paul Wong Por Luk, Gan Yingtian Andrea and  
Wu Wenbang Francis (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP)  
for the respondent in OS 478/2017 and the applicant  
in SUM 2425/2017 and SUM 3856/2017.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

