Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 29

Criminal Case No. 60 of 2016

Public Prosecutor

v

Rasheed Muhammad  
Ramzan Rizwan

Judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Murder]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Rasheed Muhammad and another

[2017] SGHC 29

High Court — Criminal Case No 60 of 2016  
Choo Han Teck J  
8–10, 15–16 November; 21 December 2016

17 February 2017 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 On 11 June 2014, an 81-year-old man, Tan Tin Loke, struggled to move a brown
and grey luggage bag (under the Swiss Polo brand) along Syed Alwi Road. Some
other men tried to help him. They were told that there was a dead body inside
the bag. A man’s torso, without his lower limbs, was later found to have been
stuffed into the luggage bag. That torso has been identified as that of one
Muhammad Noor’s.

2 From camera footage taken from the Mustafa Centre nearby, the police saw two
men leaving the store with a jig-saw and two luggage bags. Further
investigations led the police to 6 Rowell Road where they interviewed one
Neeraj Chandna, one of the owners of the lodging house, and he identified one
Rasheed Muhammad and one Ramzan Rizwan as his tenants. Both men were arrested
at about 3pm on 12 June 2014. Following his arrest, Rasheed led the police to
the Muslim cemetery at Jalan Kubor where Rasheed and Ramzan had abandoned a
black Swiss Polo luggage bag containing Muhammad Noor’s legs.

3 Rasheed, the first accused, is 46 years old. He is from Pakistan and has a
wife and eight children there. He arrived in Singapore on 19 May 2014 to earn
money to get his daughters married. Ramzan, the second accused, is 28 years
old and is also from Pakistan. He too is married, and he has three children.
He too came to Singapore in May 2014 although he cannot remember the exact
date. They are friends and are also distantly related. Rasheed stayed in Room
44 at 6 Rowell Road together with one Muhammad Noor, 59 years old at that
time. Ramzan stayed in the same house but in either Room 24 or 42 on the
ground level.

4 Both Rasheed and Ramzan face a charge of committing murder with common
intention under s 302(1) read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap. 224, 2008 Rev.
Ed), by causing the death of Muhammad Noor on 11 June 2014 at Room 44, 6
Rowell Road, Singapore. The prosecution’s case is that they killed Muhammad
Noor with the intention of causing his death (s 300(a) of the Penal Code).

5 Associate Professor Gilbert Lau (“A/P Lau”), a forensic pathologist,
examined Muhammad Noor’s corpse and concluded that the death was “consistent
with smothering”. He found various other injuries on the body. These included
abrasions across the neck and a fracture at the base of the thyroid cartilage,
but he believed that these injuries might have been caused after Muhammad Noor
had already died, or when he was “practically dead”. The reason lies in the
conspicuous absence of haemorrhage in those areas.

6 Rasheed and Ramzan do not dispute that they were in Muhammad Noor’s room at
the time of the attack, although Ramzan claimed in his oral testimony that he
ran out of Room 44 whilst Muhammad Noor was still alive. They blamed each
other for Muhammad Noor’s death. Rasheed claimed that although he gambled with
Muhammad Noor, he did make a small profit of $200 to $300 overall. He said it
was Ramzan who lost money, and that it was Ramzan who wanted to kill Muhammad
Noor. Rasheed claimed that he helped Ramzan in the murder because Ramzan was a
drug addict and dangerous. He (Ramzan) had threatened harm to Rasheed’s family
if he refused to help. Rasheed claimed that he was thus terrified into helping
Ramzan kill Muhammad Noor.

7 Ramzan, on the other hand, testified that he lost $1,100 to Muhammad Noor
gambling with him on 9 June 2014. He and two of his aunts as well as another
man (also named Rasheed, but not the first accused) went to implore Muhammad
Noor to return the money to Ramzan. Muhammad Noor did not return the money,
and on 11 June 2014, Ramzan joined Rasheed to gamble with Muhammad Noor again.
Midway through this session, which was in Room 44, Ramzan pleaded with
Muhammad Noor to return his money. Muhammad Noor refused and Rasheed suddenly
reached across Muhammad Noor’s body and smothered him with his (Rasheed’s)
shirt. He instructed Ramzan to hold the shirt over Muhammad Noor’s mouth, and
as Ramzan was doing so, Rasheed strangled the accused with a string, described
in court as a ‘nara’ or the string that comes with Punjabi pants. Rasheed had
also testified that it was Ramzan who took his (Rasheed’s) shirt and covered
Muhammad Noor’s face.

8 A/P Lau testified that the marks on Muhammad Noor’s neck may have been
caused by strangulation with the nara. But he said that death was not caused
by that strangulation, but by asphyxia caused by the smothering of Muhammad
Noor’s face with the shirt. Muhammad Noor had most likely already stopped
breathing by the time he was strangled.

9 The incontrovertible fact is that Muhammad Noor was asphyxiated to death by
either Rasheed or Ramzan. From the evidence of both men, I find that it was
Ramzan who smothered Muhammad Noor, and Rasheed strangled him with his hands
and the nara. The question is whether the two men had formed the intention to
kill Muhammad Noor before they attacked him.

10 Call screening records showed that two calls were exchanged between Rasheed
and Ramzan on 11 June 2014 before the attack. Rasheed had called Ramzan at
1:01am for 13 seconds, and Ramzan had called Rasheed at 1:46am for 10 seconds.
Rasheed and Ramzan admitted to calling each other that night in their oral
testimony. However, Rasheed claimed that he had called Ramzan to tell Ramzan
that he would not help him attack Muhammad Noor. Ramzan claimed that the phone
calls were only about coming up to Room 44 to gamble.

11 Rasheed and Ramzan denied any intention to kill. Ramzan testified that as
far as he was concerned, they were only scaring Muhammad Noor. He had hoped to
snatch Muhammad Noor’s money and then run away. But when he saw Rasheed taking
out the nara, he (Ramzan) became frightened and ran out of the room without
taking any of Muhammad Noor’s money. He testified that when he ran out,
Rasheed was left alone in the room with Muhammad Noor.

12 Although Ramzan claimed that he lost all his money to Muhammad Noor and
that he had fled Muhammad Noor’s room in fright without taking any of Muhammad
Noor’s money, the police found $3,318 in Ramzan’s possession after his arrest.

13 What really happened in Muhammad Noor’s room no one may know for certain,
except that Muhammad Noor was killed by either Rasheed or Ramzan, with the
other assisting in the homicide. Both men now blame each other and both have
given contradictory statements, not only to the police, but in court. There is
no clear or direct evidence as to who smothered Muhammad Noor’s face with a
shirt till his death.

14 I accept A/P Lau’s evidence that Muhammad Noor was killed by asphyxiation.
He was also strangled by the nara that belonged to Rasheed. Rasheed claimed
that he used his hands and the nara to strangle Muhammad Noor. Ramzan claimed
that when Rasheed took out the nara, he (Ramzan) got frightened and ran out of
the room. But Muhammad Noor was not killed by the nara. He was killed by the
smothering of his face. Ramzan admitted to this, perhaps not knowing A/P Lau’s
evidence pins the direct cause to the person who smothered Muhammad Noor.
Without A/P Lau’s evidence, it might have been understandable for them to
think that the man who strangled Muhammad Noor with the nara was the one who
killed him.

15 But the prosecution’s case does not depend on which man smothered Muhammad
Noor. The charge was one of committing murder by both men having formed the
common intention to kill. What is the evidence concerning the intention of the
two men? Neither man denied that they were both present in Muhammad Noor’s
room the night he was killed. From then on, Rasheed and Ramzan disassociated
themselves from the killing. Rasheed claimed that Ramzan took over the act of
smothering Muhammad Noor while Rasheed used the nara. His testimony in court
differed from his statement to the police made on 15 June 2014, where he
claimed that he was sleeping when Ramzan charged into the room and used his
(Rasheed’s) shirt to smother Muhammad Noor. Ramzan admitted only to covering
Muhammad Noor’s mouth for only a few seconds, before running away from the
room. Muhammad Noor was still “perfectly all right”.

16 The prosecution’s case depends largely on this court drawing the inference
of an intention to kill. That inference has to be drawn from facts, some of
which are disputed, and some of which dubious and implausible. Short of a
clear confession, the inference of intention has to be drawn from the facts
that form the clearest picture, and if from that, the inference of an
intention to kill is clear without any residual doubt, then the court is bound
to find that the intention to kill has been proved.

17 I do not believe that Rasheed was threatened and frightened into helping
Ramzan. He is senior to Ramzan by 18 years. They are at the ages in which the
younger man is less likely to lead. Ramzan is only 28 now and had known
Rasheed since he was young, by which it was clear that he meant from his
boyhood days. I am reinforced in my view that Rasheed was the leader by the
manner and appearance of both men in court, particularly when they were being
cross-examined.

18 The threat itself was also not credible. Rasheed’s family was in Pakistan
and would therefore have not been easily reachable by Ramzan. Further, Rasheed
testified that prior to the attack, he called Ramzan to tell Ramzan that he
would not support him. He had therefore made a conscious choice not to submit
to Ramzan’s threat. Yet upon receiving Ramzan’s call to inform him that Ramzan
was heading up to Room 44, Rasheed immediately chose to return to the room. If
Rasheed did not wish to interfere with Ramzan’s plan out of fear, and thus
neither warned Muhammad Noor nor locked the door, and that if he had wanted no
part in the plan, he could have simply chosen to walk away from the room.
Instead, after going out of the room to take the call, he promptly went back
into the room to wait for Ramzan after the call, chatting with Muhammad Noor
in the meantime. It is far likelier that Rasheed had called Ramzan to come up
to Room 44, and Ramzan had later called Rasheed to come out of Room 44, in
pursuit of their plan to attack Muhammad Noor.

19 I also do not believe that Ramzan was outside the room when Muhammad Noor
was killed, as he claimed. The plan, as it appears from the evidence, did not
require a weapon that could have been wielded by a lone assailant. The plan
was to strangle Muhammad Noor with the nara. To prevent him from raising the
alarm, they would use Rasheed’s shirt to cover his mouth so that he could not
scream for help. Ironically, the smothering killed Muhammad Noor before the
nara could do its job. Ramzan’s account that he left the room while Muhammad
Noor was “perfectly all right” and shouting is also inconsistent with the lack
of any defensive injury found on Muhammad Noor. A/P Lau testified that this
implied that he was probably not in a position to have put up any significant
resistance against any assailant(s). Had Rasheed been left alone with Muhammad
Noor, it is unlikely that Muhammad Noor would not have fought back. At the
very least, someone would have heard the commotion.

20 It seems clear that robbery was the motive to kill, as the money found on
both accused persons shows. If there had been no intention to kill, it is
unlikely that they took Muhammad Noor’s money on an afterthought. Stealing the
victim’s money is an unlikely thought if one had just unintentionally killed
another. If robbery was planned, as I find was the case, could they have left
Muhammad Noor alive to identify them? Rasheed was Muhammad Noor’s roommate and
both of them knew Ramzan and where he lived. There is no doubt that the only
option was to kill Muhammad Noor. Smothering and strangling are not actions
one associates with the mere intention to frighten a victim.

21 Rasheed and Ramzan’s actions following Muhammad Noor’s death are also
telling. They went together to purchase the luggage bags and saws that were
used to dismember Muhammad Noor and stuff his remains into the luggage bags.
The video footages and photographs show the two men acting as a team. Not many
who have just killed another can be free of internal turmoil or frenzy, but if
Rasheed and Ramzan were nervous, that was not apparent.

22 Ramzan also claimed that he speaks only Urdu and that he had been badly
served by an interpreter (Kailash Nath Rai) and a doctor (Dr Jaydip Sarkar)
because they were not native Urdu speakers. Kailash Rai was the interpreter
for the officers who interviewed Ramzan. Dr Jaydip was the psychiatrist who
interviewed Ramzan. Both testified that while Hindi was their native language,
spoken Hindi and Urdu are similar and Urdu and Hindi speakers are able to
understand each other. They had no difficulty communicating with Ramzan in a
mixture of northern Indian languages, mainly Hindi.

23 Ramzan’s main complaint was that his statement of 18 June 2014 was not made
voluntarily, and that he did not understand Hindi. He was not able to persuade
me that he had made this statement under coercion or inducement, and I also do
not accept his claim that he did not understand Hindi. He had given several
statements and there is no record anywhere that he had difficulty
understanding the questions. More importantly, if he was unable to communicate
in Hindi it can only mean that the lengthy recorded statements by Kailash Rai
and Dr Jaydip were created by them. That would be a serious allegation and
there is no indication that this was the case.

24 But I am not relying on the disputed statements to draw the inference of
the common intention of both men to kill Muhammad Noor. The motives were
common; the plan required two persons. It was not an act that one man could
safely and competently execute. I do not think that one man alone could have
carried out the dismemberment of Muhammad Noor’s body. As the photographs and
evidence of the discarded limbs and torso show, both Rasheed and Ramzan acted
in concert after the murder as they did before and during it. The disputed
statements merely provide some corroboration of the prosecution’s case that
Rasheed and Ramzan carried out their intention to kill Muhammad Noor and rob
him of his money.

25 For the reasons above, I am satisfied that the prosecution has proven its
case beyond reasonable doubt that Rasheed and Ramzan intended and did kill
Muhammad Noor as charged. I therefore find both accused guilty and convict
them accordingly.

-Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Ong Luan Tze, Houston Johannus and Kong Kuek Foo (Attorney-General’s Chambers)
for prosecution;  
Wong Siew Hong (Eldan Law LLP), N Sudha Nair (Lexcompass LLC) and Favian Kang
Kok Boon (Eldan Law LLP) for first accused;  
Ragbir Singh s/o Ram Singh Bajwa (Bajwa & Co), Dhanaraj James Selvaraj (James
Selvaraj LLC) and Jerrie Tan (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for second accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

