Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 105

Originating Summons No 269 of 2016

Between

(1)| Zhao Hui Fang  
---|---  
(2)| Chew Hwee Ming  
(3)| Sat Pal Khattar  
(4)| Jerry Lee Kian Eng  
  
… Applicants

And

Commissioner of Stamp Duties  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Revenue Law] — [Stamp duties] — [Assessment]

[Revenue Law] — [Stamp duties] — [Additional buyer’s stamp duties]

[Trusts] — [Purpose trusts] — [Charitable purpose trusts]  
[Trusts] — [Beneficiaries] — [Beneficiary principle]

[Statutory interpretation] — [Interpretation Act] — [Extrinsic aids]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Zhao Hui Fang and others

  

v

  

Commissioner of Stamp Duties

  

[2017] SGHC 105

High Court — Originating Summons No 269 of 2016  
Aedit Abdullah JC  
20 June, 25 July, 24 October 2016

11 May 2017 Judgment Reserved.

Aedit Abdullah JC:

1 The applicants (“the Applicants”) are trustees of a charitable trust who
dispute their liability imposed by the Commissioner of Stamp Duties (“the
Respondent”) for additional buyer’s stamp duty (“ABSD”) charged on a
conveyance of property to them in their capacity as trustees. As the statutory
provisions stipulate liability for ABSD where the transfer of property is to
beneficial owners who comprise entities or foreigners, the primary question is
whether the beneficial owners of the subject property in our case, if at all
identifiable, included such entities or foreigners. Having considered the
arguments, I find in favour of the Applicants that ABSD is not chargeable.

Statement of the case

2 A statement of the case was filed under s 40 of the Stamp Duties Act (Cap
312, 2006 Rev Ed) (“SDA”), which provided the background to this dispute. The
statement sought the opinion of the court on whether a sale and purchase
agreement (“SPA”) attracted ABSD under s 4(1) read with Art 3(bf) of the First
Schedule of the SDA. Under this SPA, Goodwood Residence Development Pte Ltd
(“the Vendor”) agreed to sell the subject property located at 263 Bukit Timah
Road #05-09 Singapore 259704 (“the Goodwood Property”) to the Applicants, who
acted in their capacity as trustees for the Chew How Teck Foundation (“the
Foundation”).

3 The Foundation is a charity registered in Singapore with the Commissioner of
Charities and was established by Mr Chew Chee Thong (“the Settlor”) in 1994.
The constituting deed states that the objects of the Foundation are:

(a) the promotion in Singapore and Malaysia of Medical Research into the
causes and treatment of cancer and heart disease;

(b) the relief of hardship, poverty or distress of persons resident in
Singapore or Malaysia;

(c) the furtherance of the education of persons resident or whose parents or
guardians are resident in Singapore or Malaysia, and who are in need for
financial assistance; and

(d) the erection of new hospital buildings of any Chinese hospital in
Singapore or Malaysia.

4 The Settlor left a will dated 26 August 1994 (“the Will”) when he passed
away. Grant of Probate was issued by the High Court to Chew Hwee Ming and Sat
Pal Khattar (collectively “the Executors”) on 30 October 2001. Clause 2 of the
Will provided, in respect of a property located at 37 Chee Hoon Avenue (“the
Chee Hoon Property”), as follows:

My property known as No. 37 Chee Hoon Avenue, Singapore 1129 shall be made
available to my wife ZHAO HUI FANG for her personal use during her lifetime or
until she remarries whichever is earlier. If my wife does not wish to use the
said property as her personal residence, the said property shall be given to
my daughter CHEW HWEE MING for her use during her lifetime and or for the use
of any one or more of her children during their lifetime as their personal
residence. My daughter may in her discretion at her own cost improve build
rebuild erect enlarge decorate or improve the said property with a view to
using it as her residence. It is my desire however that my daughter does not
apply more than Singapore Dollars Two Million ($2,000,000.00) in improving or
rebuilding the said property.

Provided that when my daughter’s youngest surviving child attains the age of
thirty (30) years, neither my daughter nor any one of or more of her children
wish to use the said property as their personal residence, the property may be
leased or disposed and any income or the proceeds thereof shall be paid to the
CHEW HOW TECK FOUNDATION (“the FOUNDATION”) a charity established by a Trust
Deed (hereinafter called “the Trust Deed”) made on 26th August 1994 between me
of the one part, and Zhao Hui Fang, Chew Hwee Ming, Sat Pal Khattar and Jerry
Lee Kian Eng (hereinafter collectively called “the Trustees”), of the other
part.

5 In 2014, on the application of the Executors, the High Court granted an
order allowing the Executors to sell the Chee Hoon Property and purchase the
Goodwood Property as a substitute (“the Order of Substitution”). The order,
which was made with consent of the Applicants, provided, inter alia, that:

(a) the Executors be empowered to sell the Chee Hoon Property at not less than
$22.8m, freed from all life and contingent life interests set out in the Will;

(b) part of the proceeds be utilised for the purchase of a unit at the
Goodwood residence (in which the Goodwood Property is located) at a price of
not more than $6.6m in the name of the Foundation;

(c) the balance to be paid to the Foundation subject to trusts set out in its
constituting deed; and

(d) Clause 2 of the Will to continue to apply with full force and effect in
relation to the Goodwood Property (instead of the Chee Hoon Property) with
necessary modifications.

6 The purchase of the Goodwood Property was also authorised by the
Commissioner of Charities by order dated 10 February 2015, vide, Charity
Proceedings Order No 1 of 2015.

7 The SPA for the purchase of the Goodwood Property was thereafter executed at
a purchase price of $6.56m.

8 In April 2015, the Applicants sought an adjudication of the stamp duties
payable on the SPA. Ad valorem stamp duty was some $191,400, which the
Applicants duly paid. The SPA was thus stamped on 7 April 2015. However, on 23
April 2015, the Applicants wrote to the Respondent arguing that ABSD should
not be charged on the SPA. They represented that the Goodwood Property had
been purchased principally for the benefit of Mdm Zhao Hui Fang, the
Testator’s wife (“Mdm Zhao”), and that the other persons entitled under the
Will did not intend to stay in the said property and were prepared to
disclaim, relinquish and renounce all their rights therein. As such, ABSD
ought not to be imposed on the SPA as Mdm Zhao was a Singapore citizen who did
not hold any other residential properties in Singapore. Further, after Mdm
Zhao’s death or re-marriage, the Foundation would take possession of the
Property to further its charitable objects, and the Foundation was not an
entity per se.

9 The Respondent, however, replied in November 2015 that the legal and
beneficial interest of the Goodwood Property resided in the Foundation, which
was an entity, and hence ABSD of 15% on the purchase price of $6.56m, being
$984,000, was payable.

10 This was disputed by the Applicants, who maintained, inter alia, that (a)
Mdm Zhao had a life interest in the Goodwood Property and not a mere licence
to reside, (b) she was Singaporean and did not hold another residential
property, (c) the Foundation was not an entity per se, and (d) the ABSD
legislative framework did not contemplate the Applicants’ position such that
any levy of ABSD on the SPA would be out of its scope.

11 Despite their objections, the Applicants paid under protest, on 22 January
2016, the assessed ABSD of $984,000 and the late payment penalty $2,965, for a
total sum of $986,965. By way of letter dated 16 February 2016, the Respondent
informed the Applicants that the assessment of ABSD was maintained on the
basis that the beneficial interest in the Goodwood Property rested in the
Foundation.

12 The Applicants then filed an appeal under s 40 of the SDA to the High Court
on 16 March 2016. Under this procedure, a case is to be stated by the
Commissioner of Stamp Duties setting out the question(s) upon which the
Commissioner’s opinion was required and the decision made by him in that
regard (s 40(1)). Thereupon, the matter is to be heard by the High Court for
its determination of the question(s) submitted. If the Commissioner’s decision
is confirmed, the court may order the applicant to pay costs of the appeal to
the Commissioner (s 40(5)). If the Commissioner’s decision is, however, found
to be erroneous, the court shall order the repayment of any excess duty, fine
and/or penalty paid in conformity with the erroneous decision, with or without
costs (s 40(4)).

13 The questions stated for determination by the court are:

(a) whether the SPA is chargeable with ABSD under s 4(1) read with Art 3(bf)
of the First Schedule of the SDA; and

(b) if the SPA is chargeable with ABSD, the ABSD with which the SPA is
chargeable.

14 As will be elaborated upon below, under s 4(1) read with Art 3(bf)(viii) of
the First Schedule of the SDA, ABSD is chargeable on an instrument executed in
Singapore, on or after 12 January 2013, for the sale of residential property
“if the grantee, transferee or lessee [of that property], or any of 2 or more
joint grantees, transferees or lessees is a foreigner or an entity”. The
phrase “grantee, transferee or lessee” is in turn defined under Art 3(2)(d),
vis-à-vis a trust, as a reference to the beneficial owner of the property.

The Applicants’ case

15 At the outset, the Applicants argue that the Foundation is not liable for
ABSD on the SPA under Art 3(bf)(viii) of the First Schedule for three main
reasons: (a) the Foundation is not the beneficial owner of the Goodwood
Property, (b) the Foundation is not an “entity”, and (c) ABSD is not intended
to be imposed on a charitable purpose trust.

16 First, as regards the reference to beneficial ownership of the Goodwood
Property, the Applicants argue that while the term “beneficial owner” is not
statutorily defined, Art 3(2)(d) must refer to a legal personality vested with
the equitable interest in the property at the time of execution of the sale
and purchase agreement. The Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”)
e-tax guide provides some guidance but is over-simplistic as it refers to the
“intended owner” which is not the same in law as a “beneficial owner”. The
various cases cited by the Respondent are also not relevant as they relate to
foreign tax provisions.

17 On this approach, Mdm Zhao holds a life interest under the Will in the
Goodwood Property and should be regarded as its beneficial owner at the time
of execution of the SPA. ABSD is thus not chargeable as Mdm Zhao is a
Singaporean and does not hold any other residential property.

18 In any event, the Applicants argue that the Foundation is not the
beneficial owner of the Goodwood Property. Legal interest in the Goodwood
Property is held by the Applicants in their capacity as trustees, but the
Foundation, having no institutional form, is incapable of holding the
beneficial interest. Further, the Foundation is not a beneficiary stipulated
under its constituting trust deed. As the Foundation is a charitable purpose
trust, it is valid even if there is no certainty of objects. The Foundation
also remains valid even though its funds have been applied to a non-charitable
purpose such as the purchase of the Goodwood Property: s 64 of the Trustees
Act (Cap 337, 2005 Rev Ed).

19 Second, the Applicants argue that the Foundation does not fall within the
definition of “entity” under Art 3(1) of the First Schedule of the SDA as the
Foundation is simply a charity established under a trust deed; it has no
institutional form and registration as a charity also does not clothe it with
such a form: Khoo Jeffrey v Life-Bible-Presbyterian Church [2011] 3 SLR 500
(“Khoo Jeffrey”).

20 Third, in respect of the legislative purpose of the ABSD regime, the
Applicants argue that ABSD was not intended to be imposed on conveyances of
residential properties to charitable purpose trusts. This is apparent from a
press statement jointly issued by the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of
National Development on 7 December 2011 (“the Press Statement”), which they
contend is relevant and admissible under s 9A(3) of the Interpretation Act
(Cap 1, 1997 Rev Ed) (“IA”). This is also buttressed by the lack of a specific
ABSD provision dealing with such charitable purpose trusts in which there are
no identifiable beneficiaries.

21 In reply to the Respondent’s alternative submissions that the beneficial
owners of the Goodwood Property are (a) the beneficiaries of the charitable
objects, (b) the Applicants in their capacity as trustees, or (c) the public,
the Applicants submit variously that these arguments are speculative as to the
Applicants’ exercise of discretion as trustees, based on distinguishable and
unpersuasive authorities, and contrary to established trust principles. They
also highlight that the Respondent has departed from its initial position, as
explained in the Statement of the Case, that the legal and beneficial
interests in the Goodwood Property rest in the Foundation as an entity per se.
In reply to the Respondent’s further arguments that the Applicants as
trustees, or the public, constitute an “entity”, the Applicants contend that
Parliamentary debates show that ABSD was intended to moderate investment
demand. The statutory definition of “entity”, ie, a “person who is not an
individual”, must accordingly be construed to mean a corporate person and not
any body of persons.

22 Finally, the Applicants stress that no other part of Art 3(bf) of the First
Schedule of the SDA would apply in the circumstances. Contrary to the
Respondent’s submission, the disapplication of the specific rule in relation
to trusts under Art 3(2)(d) does not resurrect any general or alternative rule
under Art 3(bf)(viii). Thus, under Art 3(2)(d), the inquiry remains on the
beneficial owners of the Goodwood Property, if any, and not the “transferees”
of the property as such. This is because the Arts 3(bf)(viii) and 3(2)(d)
should be read in tandem, and to allow the Respondent’s argument for a fall-
back general rule (see [31]) would be to open a backdoor for it to subject
charities to ABSD, contrary to Parliamentary intent.

23 For these reasons, the Applicants submit that there is no basis for the
imposition of ABSD on the SPA, and the Respondent should accordingly refund in
full the paid ABSD and late payment penalty.

The Respondent’s case

24 The Respondent raises three main arguments, framed in the alternative, in
support of its position that ABSD is chargeable on the SPA.

25 First, it argues that the beneficial owner of a charitable purpose trust is
determined by reference to the objects of that charity. Here, the constituting
trust deed prescribes, inter alia, medical research in Singapore and Malaysia
as the Foundation’s objects. As such, the potential persons who would in fact
benefit from the Foundation’s objects would more likely than not include
entities (eg, research institutes) and foreigners (eg, Malaysian researchers)
(hereinafter referred to as the “factual beneficiaries”). Since there would
conceivably be at least one beneficial owner who is an entity or a foreigner
on this theory, ABSD of 15% is chargeable.

26 Second, the Respondent submits that the Applicants as trustees of the
Foundation are themselves the beneficial owners of the Goodwood Property.
Reliance was placed primarily on Australian authorities for the proposition
that where no person can be identified as entitled to the equitable estate in
land, the trustee, despite being trustee, is entitled to the whole estate both
legal and equitable. Accordingly, as the Applicants in their official capacity
as trustees fall within the statutory definition of “entity” (ie, a “person
who is not an individual”), ABSD is chargeable.

27 Third, the Respondent argue that the beneficial owner of property held
under a charitable purpose trust is “the public”, citing in support the public
benefit requirement for validity of charitable trusts, and an academic
article. As members of the public would include at least an entity or a
foreigner, ABSD is chargeable.

28 The Respondent raises three further arguments in reply to the Applicants.
First, it submits that, contrary to the Applicants’ submissions, on proper
construction of the Will, Mdm Zhao only has a personal licence to use, and not
a life beneficial interest in, the Goodwood Property. As such, she is not the
beneficial owner of that property, and her citizenship and ownership of other
residential properties are irrelevant considerations.

29 Secondly, the Respondent clarifies that it no longer argues that the
Foundation is an entity and per se the beneficial owner of Goodwood Property.
Indeed, it acknowledges that a trust is a relationship and not a legal person.
Rather, its arguments relate to the beneficial owners of the Goodwood
Property, whom it argues to be the factual beneficiaries of the charitable
objects, the Applicants as trustees, and/or the public.

30 Thirdly, the Respondent argues that ABSD was intended to cover charitable
purpose trusts, citing the same Press Statement as the Applicants which it
agrees is admissible as extrinsic evidence under s 9A(3) of the IA to aid
statutory construction. Express reference was made to “trusts” in the Press
Statement, and there is no specific exemption for charitable purpose trusts
under the ABSD regime unlike in other local tax legislation. Further, if
charitable purpose trusts are excluded from the scope of ABSD, undesirable
disparity would result between charities incorporated as trusts, and those
constituted as unincorporated associations or companies limited by guarantee.

31 Finally, the Respondent submits that, even if there is no beneficial owner
to properties held under a charitable purpose trust, that merely displaces the
specific rule in Art 3(2)(d) of the First Schedule of the SDA relating to
“residential property on trust”. In that event, the general rule under Art
3(bf)(viii) of the First Schedule would apply in relation to the profile of
the transferees as such (ie, in relation to the Applicants in their official
capacity as trustees of the Foundation) to maintain the chargeability of
conveyances to charitable purpose trusts.

The decision

32 ABSD is not chargeable on the SPA. This is because the Goodwood Property is
property of a charitable purpose trust (ie, the Foundation) under which the
beneficial interest of trust assets is suspended. Contrary to the Respondent’s
submissions, neither the persons who factually benefit from the charitable
objects of the Foundation, nor the Applicants as trustees of the Foundation,
nor the public, is the beneficial owner of property held under a charitable
purpose trust. There being no active or extant beneficial ownership of the
Goodwood Property, there is nothing for ABSD to attach to under the First
Schedule of the SDA.

33 However, contrary to the Applicants’ submission, Mdm Zhao is not the holder
of a proprietary life interest in the Goodwood Property under the Will, but
rather, a mere personal licensee with permission to reside rent-free in the
property for her lifetime. Her citizenship status and property holdings are
therefore irrelevant to the chargeability of ABSD on the SPA.

The analysis

34 The statutory regime for ABSD will first be laid out, then the following
issues will be examined in sequence:

(a) whether Mdm Zhao has a beneficial life interest, or a mere personal
licence to reside, in the Goodwood Property;

(b) who, if anyone, is the beneficial owner of properties held under a
charitable purpose trust;

(c) whether the beneficial owner identified in (b) falls within the statutory
definitions of “entity” and/or “foreigner”; and

(d) whether any other provision in the First Schedule of the SDA applies to
impose ABSD on the SPA.

35 For the Respondent’s position to prevail, issues (a), (b) and (c) must all
be answered in its favour. This is because on the Respondent’s primary case,
in order to warrant the charging of 15% ABSD on the SPA, the beneficial owner
of the Goodwood Property must be determined, and would include an “entity” or
“foreigner”. Alternatively, the Respondent must succeed on issue (d). Finally,
two miscellaneous issues will be dealt with at the end of this judgment.

The statutory regime for ABSD

36 ABSD was introduced in 2011 as part of a series of measures aimed at
moderating rising property prices in Singapore. The statutory regime for ABSD
is contained in the following provisions in the SDA. Section 4(1) is the
charging provision in respect of stamp duties generally:

4\. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act and any other written law,
every instrument mentioned in the First Schedule, being an instrument —

(a) which, not having been previously executed by any person, is executed in
Singapore; or

(b) which is executed outside Singapore, and relates to any property situated,
or to any matter or thing done or to be done, in Singapore, and is received in
Singapore,

shall be chargeable with duty of the amount specified in that Schedule as the
proper duty for that instrument.

37 Section 22(1) extends the ambit of the duty to cover not only actual
conveyances but also any contract for such conveyance:

22\. —(1) Every contract or agreement for the sale of —

(a) any equitable estate or interest in any property; or

(b) any estate or interest in any property except property situated outside
Singapore, and stock or shares,

shall be charged with the same ad valorem duty, payable by the purchaser, as
if it were an actual conveyance on sale of the estate, interest or property
contracted or agreed to be sold.

It appears that amendments have been introduced in 2017 removing the phrase
“and stock or shares” in s 22(1)(b) of the SDA. Those amendments, however, do
not concern the present case.

38 The First Schedule lists out the instruments chargeable with stamp duty and
the rate payable in respect of each particular instrument. Article 3 of the
First Schedule deals with the conveyance, assignment or transfer of immovable
property or any interest thereof. In particular, Art 3(bf) provides for ABSD
to be imposed on the sale of residential property executed on or after 12
January 2013. In this regard, the ABSD rate payable would broadly depend on
three factors: (a) whether the grantee, transferee or lessee is a Singapore
citizen, Singapore permanent resident, or a foreigner, (b) whether he/she is
an individual or an entity, and (c) the number of properties owned by him/her
at the material time.

39 The present case focuses on Art 3(bf)(viii) of the First Schedule, which
imposes a charge of 15% ABSD on the total amount of consideration of the
residential property sought to be conveyed “if the grantee, transferee or
lessee, or any of 2 or more joint grantees, transferees or lessees is a
foreigner or an entity”.

40 To this end, Art 3(2)(d) of the First Schedule clarifies that save for
limited exceptions, if the property concerned is held on a trust, the phrase
“grantee, transferee or lessee” would refer to the beneficial owner(s) of that
property:

except where the residential property is to be held as property of a business
trust or a collective investment scheme or as partnership property, a
reference to a grantee, transferee or lessee, in a case where he is to hold
the residential property on trust, is a reference to the beneficial owner; and
where there is more than one beneficial owner (whether or not including the
grantee, transferee or lessee himself), all the beneficial owners shall be
treated as joint grantees, transferees or lessees

41 Two other definitions in Art 3(1) of the First Schedule are material:

(a) “Entity” means “a person who is not an individual, and includes an
unincorporated association, a trustee for a collective investment scheme
(“CIS”) when acting in that capacity, a trustee-manager for a business trust
when acting in that capacity and, in a case where the property conveyed,
transferred or assigned is to be held as partnership property, the partners of
the partnership whether or not any of them is an individual”.

(b) “Foreigner” means “an individual who is not a citizen of Singapore and not
a permanent resident of Singapore”.

42 In essence, the relevant rule in the present case is that 15% ABSD would be
chargeable if any of the beneficial owners of the Goodwood Property is a
“foreigner” or “entity” as defined.

Mdm Zhao’s interest under the Will

43 The first issue which arises for consideration is whether Mdm Zhao’s
interest in the Goodwood Property under the Will is a proprietary life
interest or a mere personal licence to reside. This issue arises as the
Applicants argue that Mdm Zhao has, in her personal capacity and on proper
construction of the Will, at the material time of assessment of ABSD, a
proprietary life interest in the Goodwood Property which takes priority over
all other equitable interests in the same. Thus, no ABSD would be chargeable
on the SPA as Mdm Zhao is a Singapore citizen and holds no other property in
Singapore. Their submission in this regard, if accepted, is fatal to the
Respondent’s case. The Respondent counters that Mdm Zhao has only a personal
licence to reside in the Goodwood Property, and thus her citizenship status
and property holdings are not relevant.

The effect of the Order of Substitution

44 The preliminary issue is whether the Order of Substitution made by the High
Court in 2014, allowing the Executors to sell the Chee Hoon Property and
purchase the Goodwood Property as a substitute, had any effect on the nature
of Mdm Zhao’s interest under the Will. It did not. While the Order of
Substitution referred to the life interest of Mdm Zhao as a proprietary
interest, that did not preclude me from finding otherwise. The Order of
Substitution was a consent order, concerned only with the substitution of one
property for another. The nature of the interest held by Mdm Zhao was not in
issue. No issue estoppel would thus have arisen, as that requires a court of
competent jurisdiction to have determined a question of fact or law in the
course of the same litigation or other litigation between the same parties
(The Royal Bank of Scotland NV (formerly known as ABN Amro Bank NV) and others
v TT International Ltd (nTan Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd and others, other
parties) and another appeal [2015] 5 SLR 1104 (“TT International 2015”) at
[100]). In this regard, the Respondent was not party to that earlier
proceeding, and no question of fact or law was actually determined there, save
only as to the substitution of property, and even that was resolved by
consent.

45 No cause of action estoppel would arise either: this estoppel arises where
the existence or non-existence of a particular cause of action has already
been determined in a previous litigation between the same parties (TT
International 2015 at [99]). Again, neither the parties in the earlier
proceedings nor the substantive claim there (if there could even be said to be
one) was the same as those in the present dispute. It should be noted that the
Applicants do not actually put forward a contrary position on estoppel or
preclusion, but rather invite the court to construe the Will as well.

Mdm Zhao’s interest in the Goodwood Property

46 Turning to the substantive submissions, I agree with the Respondent that,
on a proper construction of the Will, Mdm Zhao was a mere licensee with a
personal right to reside in the Goodwood Property rent-free; the Will confers
no proprietary or ownership interest on her. Specifically, the legal interest
in the property remains vested in the trustees of the Foundation, and, as will
be discussed, the beneficial interest is suspended.

47 Clause 2 of the Will is set out above. For ease of reference, the salient
portion of that clause is reproduced as follows:

My property… shall be made available to [Mdm Zhao] for her personal use during
her lifetime or until she remarries whichever is earlier. If [Mdm Zhao] does
not wish to use the said property as her personal residence, the said property
shall be given to my daughter… for her use during her lifetime and or for the
use of any one or more of her children during their lifetime as their personal
residence…

48 The clause then provides that the daughter may, in her discretion and at
her own cost, improve or build on the property, though the Testator expressed
his wish that his daughter should not spend more than $2m doing so. The clause
further provides that if the daughter’s youngest surviving child reaches 30
years, and neither the daughter nor any of the children wishes to use the
property as their personal residence, the property may then be leased or
disposed of, with the proceeds to be paid to the Foundation.

49 The issue as to whether Mdm Zhao has a proprietary or personal life
interest is one that turns on the Testator’s intention (see Peter Butt, Land
Law (Lawbook Co, 6th Ed, 2010) at para 10.06). As the Court of Appeal held in
Foo Jee Seng v Foo Jhee Tuang [2012] 4 SLR 33, this intention “must
predominantly be derived from the wording of the will itself, although the
circumstances prevailing at the time the will was executed may be taken into
account” (at [17]).

50 The Applicants highlight the following factors in cl 2 of the Will to
support their submission that the Testator’s expressed intention is for Mdm
Zhao to be given a proprietary life interest:

(a) the references to “use” during the lifetime of Mdm Zhao and thereafter the
lifetime of their daughter and grandchildren, such use being a reference to
residence and thus necessitating occupation of the property by Mdm Zhao;

(b) the reversion of the property to the Foundation only upon the renunciation
of each of the life interests of Mdm Zhao, their daughter and grandchildren;
and

(c) the fact that the Foundation may only lease or dispose of the property,
and use any proceeds deriving therefrom, upon renunciation of the life
interests of Mdm Zhao, their daughter and grandchildren.

51 The Applicants’ submissions are not persuasive in this regard. First, the
appearance of the word “use” in the Will does not in itself determine the
nature of Mdm Zhao’s interest. There is no consistent approach that can be
gleaned from the cases cited by either party, and the inquiry must in the end
be contextual against the particular will in issue. Here, it is significant
that cl 2 does not expressly refer to “life interest”, but rather adopts
language such as “personal use during her lifetime”, “as her personal
residence”, “for her use” and “the use of any one or more of her children”. In
my view, the focus of the gift was clearly only on Mdm Zhao’s personal right
to reside on the property if she so desired. The salient terms in cl 2 spoke
of “personal use”, which would appear inconsistent with Mdm Zhao having any
rights of possession, exclusion or alienation. These are important incidents
of ownership, which Mdm Zhao would ordinarily have been entitled to if she had
a proprietary life interest. Further, the multiple instances at which the
qualifying phrase “as her personal residence” appear emphasise the limited
nature of Mdm Zhao’s interest.

52 Second, the Applicants’ use of the word “revert” or “reversion” in their
submission, suggesting that Mdm Zhao and the family members have proprietary
life interests in Goodwood Property, is incorrect. Nothing “reverts” to the
Foundation on the family’s renunciation of their interests; rather, the
operative term in cl 2 is a direction to the Executors that the property
“shall be made available” to Mdm Zhao and other family members during their
lifetimes. Presumably, on renunciation, remarriage, or death of the family
members, the property shall no longer be “made available” to them. There is
some authority that the phrase “made available” does not confer any
proprietary right in the subject, but rather grants a mere licence to use as
residence (Morss v Morss [1972] 1 All ER 1121 at 1124-1125).

53 Third, the Applicants’ suggestion that the Foundation’s ability to exercise
proprietary rights vis-à-vis the trust property (eg, for lease or disposal)
arises only upon the renunciation or expiration of the family’s rights, if
true, may be a relevant factor in their favour. However, under the Will,
income and proceeds from the property, even during the lifetime of Mdm Zhao
and their children and grandchildren, accrue to the Foundation if, simply,
none of the family members wish “to use [the property] as their personal
residence”. The restrictive phrasing of the interest that is to be renounced
brings this case closer to Re Hadjee Yousof [1961] 1 MLJ 267, where the High
Court found that the testator’s wife and children had a mere personal licence
to reside rent-free until the date of distribution, as inter alia, the gift
did not carry with it the right to make any profit. It is also incongruous for
the testator to have given Mdm Zhao and the family members proprietary
interests in the Goodwood Property, and yet have the Will provide expressly
for the daughter’s (and no other family member’s) power to renovate the
property. This suggests that what was conferred upon Mdm Zhao was not a
proprietary life interest at all. A life interest is a form of an estate in
freehold (Robert Megarry & William Wade QC, The Law of Real Property (Charles
Harpum, Stuart Bridge & Martin Dixon gen eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2012)
at paras 3-004 to 3-007). This is not changed in Singapore law: only the
estate in tail was statutorily converted into an estate in fee simple through
s 51 of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act (Cap 61, 1994 Rev Ed). Given
that freehold status, no further control or restriction on – and no especial
provision or stipulation as to – the enjoyment of the land would ordinarily be
expected.

54 It may be that the Testator’s intent was for the Goodwood Property to be
used as a family home for Mdm Zhao and their children, but that does not by
itself mean that the family members receive proprietary rights in the
property. On a proper construction of the Will, I find that Mdm Zhao was only
given a personal licence to reside, as opposed to a proprietary life interest,
in the Goodwood Property.

Beneficial ownership of property under a charitable trust

55 The consequence of Mdm Zhao’s having only a personal licence to reside in
the Goodwood Property is that the beneficial interest may remain elsewhere.
Against that backdrop, the Respondent’s main case for imposing ABSD on the SPA
is premised on three alternative arguments:

(a) The persons factually benefiting from the charitable work of the
Foundation are beneficial owners of the Goodwood Property. Since there would
conceivably be at least one entity (eg, research institutes) or foreigner (eg,
Malaysian researchers) among them, ABSD is chargeable. Alternatively, these
factual beneficiaries constitute a “body of persons” within the definition of
“entity” such that ABSD applies.

(b) The Applicants in their capacity as trustees are “legal beneficial owners”
of the Goodwood Property. Since they are a “body of persons”, they fall within
the definition of an “entity”. ABSD is thus chargeable.

(c) The public is the beneficial owner of the Goodwood Property. Since members
of the public would include at least an entity or a foreigner, ABSD is
chargeable. Alternatively, the public is a “body of persons” within the
definition of “entity” and thus ABSD applies.

Law on beneficial ownership of charitable trust property

56 The SDA refers to ownership in Art 3(2)(d). Ownership as a concept is
related to, but not coterminous with, concepts of property, title and
interest. The focus in the present proceedings is on beneficial ownership,
which entails a right that can be asserted against the world except a bona
fide purchaser for value without notice, rather than only against the trustee.
Proprietary incidents of ownership apply to a beneficial owner; that is, his
interest can be protected from wrongful interference by third parties, and it
can also be alienated, mortgaged, partitioned, devised or bequeathed. The
precise nature of beneficial rights and the interplay between legal and
beneficial ownership have not been fully mapped out, but the argument is
probably in favour of the position that beneficial ownership is a right in
rem, rather than just in personam against the trustee (see Jamie Glister &
James Lee, Hanbury & Martin: Modern Equity (Sweet & Maxwell, 20th Ed, 2015)
(“Hanbury & Martin”) at paras 1-1018 to 1-1019; Steven Elliott, Snell’s Equity
(John McGhee QC gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 33rd Ed, 2015) (“Snell’s Equity”) at
paras 2-001 to 2-004).

57 For the creation of a private express trust for persons, there has to be
certainty of objects, in addition to the certainties of subject matter and
intention (Guy Neale and others v Nine Squares Pty Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 1097 at
[51]). The requirement for the three certainties is connected to the ownership
of legal and equitable rights under a trust, and serves broadly the purpose of
enabling the trustee, or the court in default, to execute the trustee’s duties
(Snell’s Equity at para 22-012). In particular, certainty of objects is
usually taken to be concerned with the identification or identifiability of
specific beneficiaries in order that “a trust can both be enforced against the
trustee and controlled by the courts” (Goi Wang Firn (Ni Wanfen) and others v
Chee Kow Ngee Sing (Pte) Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 1049 (“Goi Wang Firn”) at [27]).
However, the three certainties do not conclusively identify the locus of
ownership. Nor do they apply in the exact same manner to charitable purpose
trusts, which attract a different set of requirements both under common law
and statute.

58 A charitable trust is a trust for purposes, not persons. In a trust for
persons, beneficial ownership of the trust assets would lie with the
beneficiaries of that trust, ie, the cestuis que trust. That is trite law. In
contrast, a purpose trust may not have an ascertainable beneficiary. In
Hongkong Bank Trustee (Singapore) Ltd v Tan Farrer and others [1988] 1 SLR(R)
53 (“Tan Farrer”), the High Court recognised as “a fundamental principle of
English law that no trust which is not a charitable trust can be valid if it
has no beneficiary” (at [15]), and that the law in Singapore was generally the
same (at [16]). Charitable trusts thus fall within a narrow exception of
trusts that are not subject to the requirements of certainty of objects or the
beneficiary principle: in essence, no beneficiary needs to be identified (see
Koh Lau Keow and others v Attorney-General [2013] 4 SLR 491 (“Koh Lau Keow
(HC)”) at [19]; Goi Wang Firn at [19]; Hanbury & Martin at para 15-003;
Snell’s Equity at para 23-003; Graham Virgo, The Principles of Equity and
Trusts (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2015) (“Virgo on Equity”) at 174). As
a corollary, there is simply no identifiable beneficial ownership under a
charitable purpose trust. The persons who may benefit from a charitable trust
are not, by mere virtue of their receipt of factual benefits, vested with the
beneficial interest in the trust property. Thus, in the absence of statutory
guidance to the contrary, individuals who may factually benefit from a
charitable trust do not have standing to enforce that trust (Hanbury & Martin
at para 15-002; Hauxwell v Barton-on-Humber UDC [1974] 1 Ch 432 at 450 per
Brightman J). Rather, in place of the concepts of beneficial interest and
beneficial ownership, the focus vis-à-vis charitable purpose trusts is on the
control and supervision of the trustees, which power is vested in the
Commissioner of Charities and the Attorney-General under the Charities Act
(Cap 37, 2007 Rev Ed) (“Charities Act”) and the Government Proceedings Act
(Cap 121, 1985 Rev Ed) (see Goi Wang Firn at [46]).

Respondent’s submissions on beneficial ownership

59 The Respondent makes three alternative submissions as to the identity of
the beneficial owner of the Goodwood Property, the legal title of which is
held by the Applicants in their capacity as trustees of the Foundation. If one
of these submissions is accepted, it will then arise for consideration whether
the beneficial owner so identified is a “foreigner” or “entity” within the
meaning of Art 3(bf)(viii) of the First Schedule such that ABSD applies. These
submissions are examined in turn.

(1) Factual beneficiaries of the charity as beneficial owners

60 The Respondent’s first submission is that in a charitable purpose trust,
the beneficial interest is held by the persons who may factually benefit from
the charity’s objects and work, which in this case would conceivably include
research institutes and Malaysian researchers. The Respondent cites Geraint
Thomas & Alastair Hudson, The Law of Trusts (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed,
2010) (“Thomas & Hudson”) for the following passage (at para 6.43):

It is arguable that the beneficiaries of a charitable trust (who constitute an
appreciable section of the public) are indeed the equitable ‘owners’ of the
trust property and that a charitable trust is saved from invalidity, not by
the disapplication of the beneficiary principle, but by the disapplication of
the rules relating to certainty of objects and/or the rule against perpetuity.
In other words, it could be said that the beneficiaries of a charitable trust,
which is usually a continuing trust with an open class of beneficiaries, are
effectively in the same position as the objects of a private discretionary
trust.

61 I do not accept the Respondent’s submission in this regard. With respect to
the learned authors, it would seem that that quote, invoked by the Respondent
as a proposition of authority, was really in the nature of a hypothesis or
something to provoke thought about the beneficiary principle. The quotation is
located in the concluding section of a chapter concerned primarily with non-
charitable purpose trusts. In that section, the authors were considering the
problem thrown up by such private purpose trusts – that they lack
beneficiaries, and by a traditional view of the beneficiary principle, without
a beneficiary there is no trust. Thus, the learned authors focused their
attention on the possible circumventing argument that “the fundamental problem
of non-charitable purpose trusts is not one of essential validity but of
enforceability”; if so, then one practical effect is that an English court may
recognise a foreign non-charitable purpose trust in respect of which an
enforcer has been appointed (Thomas & Hudson at paras 6.41-6.42). It is
against this context that the authors considered the argument on whether the
factual beneficiaries of a charitable trust can be considered the equitable
“owners” of the trust property. In essence, the point of the passage was not
to equate the factual beneficiaries with the beneficial owners in the
proprietary sense, or to examine the true nature of the factual beneficiary’s
interest in the charitable trust, but rather to probe the limits and content
of the beneficiary principle. The Respondent’s select quote therefore does not
assist him.

62 Furthermore, it is important to note that the authors themselves placed the
term “owner” in quotation marks, and subjected the Respondent’s select quote
to a number of qualifiers (see Thomas & Hudson at para 6.43). Indeed, the
authors do not appear to be equating per se the factual beneficiaries of a
charitable trust with the beneficial owners in a proprietary sense properly-
so-called. The text itself recognised in a footnote that the rule in Saunders
v Vautier (1841) 4 Beav 115 is not applicable to these factual beneficiaries –
ie, they cannot, even if acting together, require the charitable trustee to
transfer the legal interest in the charity’s property to them and thereby
terminate the trust (Thomas & Hudson at para 6.43 n 144). Furthermore, there
is no suggestion that such factual beneficiaries have rights of alienation or
exclusion against others, lacking thus the crucial hallmarks of ownership.

63 I note that Professor Hudson also does not appear to continue to support
the Respondent’s position in his other text, at where he made a clear
distinction between the factual beneficiaries of a charitable trust and the
“beneficiaries in the trust law sense” who hold proprietary rights in the
trust property (Alastair Hudson, Equity and Trusts (Routledge, 7th Ed, 2012)
at para 25.2.1):

There are a number of interesting features of the charitable trust… The
triangle of settlor-trustee-beneficiary does not apply in the case of public
trusts such as charities… [T]here is no nexus between trustee and beneficiary
precisely because there are no individual beneficiaries. This is because the
Attorney-General sues in place of beneficiaries to enforce the purposes of the
charity against the trustees. While charities will seek to benefit individuals
or groups of people, those people are not beneficiaries in the trust law sense
because they do not acquire proprietary rights in the property held on trust
for the charitable purpose.

64 In any event, even if Professors Thomas and Hudson had the intent of
clothing the factual beneficiaries of a charitable trust with beneficial
ownership, such a proposition is to my mind not supported by law. There would
also appear not to be any other commentary or text adopting the same approach.
To this end, I find apposite another leading commentary highlighting that the
factual beneficiary’s “benefit” is strictly incidental to the objects of the
charitable purpose trust (Snell’s Equity at para 23-001):

Identifiable individuals may benefit from these charitable purposes. However,
any benefit they derive as individuals is strictly incidental to the main
purpose of the trust, which is to confer a benefit on the public at large or
some section of it.

65 For the foregoing reasons, the Respondent’s submission that those factually
benefiting from the charity work of the Foundation are the beneficial owners
of the Goodwood Property could not be accepted.

66 Two other observations are due. First, this surprising argument by the
Respondent confuses the different meanings attached to beneficial ownership
and obtaining a factual benefit from something. Beneficial ownership is
concerned with rights in relation to property. The latter just refers to
obtaining some positive impact from something. A beneficial owner properly-so-
called may often also be a factual beneficiary, but factual beneficiaries are
not, necessarily and by mere virtue of their receipt of factual benefits,
beneficial owners. Second, it goes against the very concept of a charitable
trust to find that beneficial ownership is vested in the factual beneficiaries
of the charity. If that were the case, it should follow that the all the
persons factually benefiting could, if they so desired, get together and
dispose of the property that is the subject matter of the trust. But that is
simply not the law. On the other hand, if the factual beneficiaries could not
dispose of their interest in the charitable trust or alienate it in some way,
then clearly that renders their purported “ownership” meaningless: that is not
ownership in any true sense.

67 In the present case, therefore, those factually benefiting from the objects
and work of the Foundation, whether in Singapore or Malaysia, could not be
regarded as beneficial owners of the Goodwood Property.

(2) The trustees of the charity as “legal beneficial owners”

68 The Respondent alternatively argues that the Applicants in their capacity
as trustees are entitled to both the legal and beneficial interests in the
trust property and should therefore be treated as beneficial owners of the
Goodwood Property. Reliance was primarily placed on a series of Australian
cases, including Glenn v Federal Commissioner of Land Tax [1915] 20 CLR 490
(“Glenn”), CPT Custodian Pty Ltd v Commissioner of State Revenue of the State
of Victoria [2005] 221 ALR 96 (“CPT Custodian”) and Lend Lease Funds
Management Ltd v Commissioner of State Revenue [2009] VSC 360 (“Lend Lease
Funds”). The Applicants seek to distinguish these cases as dealing with
different statutory provisions. I agree with the Applicants that the
Respondent’s reliance on these cases is misplaced.

69 Taking first the case of Glenn. In that case, the appellants were the
residuary legatees under a will, taking subject to certain directions by the
testator to the trustees to, inter alia, manage the estate to accumulate a
certain sum and thereafter make specified payments or provisions out of the
estate at specified intervals. It was undisputed that at the time of hearing,
the accumulation had not started and that the appellants had no accrued right
to any part of the testator’s estate, real or personal (at 495-496). The issue
of law stated for the opinion of the court was whether the appellants were
liable to be assessed as joint owners in respect of certain lands which formed
part of that estate. This issue turned on a provision under the Australian
Land Tax Assessment Act 1910 which defined an “owner” as “every person jointly
or severally, whether at law or in equity, [who] (a) is entitled to the land
for any estate of freehold in possession; or (b) is entitled to receive, or in
receipt of, or if the land were let to a tenant would be entitled to receive
the rents and profits thereof, whether as beneficial owner, trustee, mortgage
in possession, or otherwise” (at 496). The Federal Commissioner’s argument was
that the appellants were entitled to the equitable estates of freehold in
possession notwithstanding that they may derive no benefit from the estate for
some time. As such, they fell within the statutory definition of “owners” and
were taxable as joint owners of the land. The appellants countered that they
had at no time an estate of freehold in possession in the land concerned; at
best, they had only a contingent estate in remainder.

70 Thus, Glenn was concerned with the interpretation of the phrase “estate… in
possession” within the statutory definition of “owner” used in the Australian
statute. Griffith CJ, delivering the lead judgment, rejected the Federal
Commissioner’s submissions and cited an academic text for the proposition that
“the person taking under the conditional limitation or executory devise,
cannot, while the suspense continues, in the proper sense of that word, having
any estate, though the event, on which it depends, is certain of happening”
(at 496). Griffith CJ then moved to adopt this position as the proper
construction of the statutory phrase “estate in possession” (at 497):

In my opinion, the term “estate in possession” is used in the Land Tax
Assessment Act in the sense explained by [the academic text]. This is not only
the natural, but the only just, interpretation that can be put on the words.
For the tax is an annual tax and the “owner” of the land is the person who is
in the present enjoyment of the fruits which presumably afford the fund from
which it is to be paid.

71 It was in this context that Griffith CJ rejected the assumption underlying
the Federal Commissioner’s submissions – that there must be a distinct holder
in equity of the estate of freehold in possession whenever there was a trustee
at law. The particular dictum of Griffith CJ’s, on which the Respondent in our
case relies, reads as follows (at 497):

The [Federal Commissioner’s] argument is based on the assumption that whenever
the legal estate in land is vested in a trustee there must be some person
other than the trustee entitled to it in equity for an estate of freehold in
possession, so that the only question to be answered is who is the owner of
that equitable estate. In my opinion, there is a prior inquiry, namely,
whether there is any such person. If there is not, the trustee is entitled to
the whole estate in possession, both legal and equitable.

72 It is notable that the other members of the bench in Glenn, Isaacs and Rich
JJ, did not expressly concur with Griffith CJ on this point as to the locale
of the beneficial interest, and their respective judgments were clearly
prefaced as decisions on the proper construction of the phrase “estate in
possession” which was used in the statutory definition of “owner” (at 500,
507). In fact, Isaacs J appears to have taken an entirely different approach
from Griffith CJ, preferring instead the view that the various other named
individuals in the testator’s will, as well as the appellants, constituted
collectively the objects of the trust and hence shared in the complete
equitable interest in the trust property (at 503):

Trusts… are equitable obligations to deal with property in a particular way.
Trustees have no equitable interest; that belongs to the person or persons for
whom the benefit is intended… In Pearson v Lane, Sir William Grant makes this
plain. He says: “The equitable interest in that estate must have resided
somewhere: the trustees themselves could not be the beneficial owners; and, if
they were mere trustees, there must have been some cestui que trust. In order
to ascertain who they are, in such a case a Court of equity inquires, for
whose benefit the trust was created; and determines, that those, who are the
objects of the trust, have the interest in the thing, which is the subject of
it.”

But it must not be overlooked that the complete interest in the thing is
shared by all the objects of the trust…

[internal citations and quotations omitted]

73 The Respondent further relied upon CPT Custodian, which is a more recent
case endorsing the dictum of Griffith CJ in Glenn. CPT Custodian concerned the
issue of whether unit holders of a unit trust were liable for land tax under
the Land Tax Act 1958 (Vic). Such liability attached, similarly as it did in
Glenn, to the “owner” of any equitable estate or interest in land, which was
statutorily defined to include a “person entitled to any land for any estate
of freehold in possession”. In this context, after quoting Griffith CJ in
Glenn, Gleeson CJ writing for a unanimous court said as follows (at
[25]-[26]):

That statement was a prescient rejection of a “dogma” that, where ownership is
vested in a trustee, equitable ownership must necessarily be vested in someone
else because it is an essential attribute of a trust that it confers upon
individuals a complex of beneficial legal relations which may be called
ownership…

In Glenn, Griffith CJ construed the statutory expression “estate in
possession” as denoting “an estate of which some person has the present right
of enjoyment”, saying that land tax being an annual tax, “the ‘owner’ of the
land is the person who is in the present enjoyment of the fruits which
presumably afford the fund from which it is to be paid”…

74 From the context of CPT Custodian, Gleeson CJ clearly took the view that
Glenn was concerned with the construction of the terms used in the Australian
statutes, namely “estate in possession” and “owner”, which appeared in both
the Land Tax Act and the Land Tax Assessment Act. The Australian courts took
the view, broadly speaking, that this phrase referred to the person who has
the present benefit of the funds from which tax is to be paid. In applying
this interpretation, traditional equitable propositions were not taken to be
material in the face of the statutory language. Instead, Glenn and CPT
Custodian were focused on the construction of the terms in the particular
trust and the particular statute in those cases, which held sway over the
traditional concepts of equity as such. This was made clear by a long
introductory passage of the decision in CPT Custodian, the salient parts of
which are reproduced as follows:

[14] Something now should be said respecting the task of statutory
construction which was presented to Nettle J and then to the Court of Appeal.
There were two steps to be taken… The first step was to ascertain the terms of
the trusts upon which the relevant lands were held. The second was to construe
the statutory definition to ascertain whether the rights of the taxpayers
under those trusts fell within the definition.

[15] In taking those steps, a priori assumptions as to the nature of unit
trusts under the general law and principles of equity would not assist and
would be apt to mislead. All depends… upon the terms of the particular trust…

[16] To approach the case… by asking first whether… the holder of a unit “in a
unit trust” has “a proprietary interest in each of the assets which comprise
the entirety of the trust fund” and answering it in the affirmative, did not
immediately assist in the construing the definition of “owner” in the Act.
That definition does not speak of ownership of proprietary interests at large,
but of entitlement to any estate of freehold in possession.

[17] … it is one thing to identify rights protected by a court of equity, and
another to identify an interest which has “the necessary quality of definable
extent which must exist before it can be taxed”. In the present case, the
“definable extent” is that specified by the definition in the Act. No doubt,
unit holders accurately may be said to have had rights protected by a court of
equity, but that does not require the conclusion that in the statutory sense
they were “owners” of the land held on the trusts in question.

75 Lend Lease Funds is a further case cited by the Respondent which followed
CPT Custodian and Glenn. The issue in that case was whether certain statutory
exemptions applied to a transfer of the estate in fee simple in land, from the
statutorily defined “custodian” of a registered scheme under Chapter 5C of the
Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), to the responsible entity of that
scheme. One issue was whether it was indeed only a bare legal estate in fee
simple that was transferred. The Supreme Court of Victoria held in favour of
the taxpayer based on a construction of the terms of the trust deed concerned,
albeit accepting that CPT Custodian lent some support to the tax authority’s
submissions. It is on this latter quote that the Respondent relies (Lend Lease
Funds at [54]):

Although the High Court was concerned with the definition of “owner” in the
Land Tax Act, the above passage supports the argument put by the Commissioner
that, in the case of a unit trust and depending on the terms of the Trust
Deed, where no persons can be identified as entitled to an equitable estate in
the land, the trustee, despite being a trustee, is entitled to the whole
estate both legal and equitable.

76 Three observations may be made. First, it was accepted in Lend Lease Funds
that CPT Custodian was concerned at its essence with an issue of statutory
construction vis-à-vis Victoria’s Land Tax Act that was in force. Second, the
court was cautious to limit the scope of its proposition to a unit trust, and
even then, contingent on the terms of the particular trust deed in question.
It is not clear if the same proposition applies to a charitable purpose trust,
and the Respondent did not seek to analogise the trust deed in our case to
that in Lend Lease Funds. Third, and most importantly, the court here was
again concerned with the application of the particular statutory language in
the Victorian Duties Act to delimit their grounds for exemption from duty.

77 These cases cited by the Respondent are clearly concerned with a different
legislative context, and do not stand for a broad proposition that the
Applicants as trustees of the Foundation are concurrently beneficial owners of
the Goodwood Property and thus liable for the ABSD that may be imposed. In
this regard, there is an immediate contrast between the language of the Land
Tax Assessment Act discussed in Glenn, which is the progeny of the series of
cases relied on by the Respondent, and the ABSD provisions under the SDA. The
Australian statute’s definition of “owner” targeted the holder of the estate
in possession and the recipient of rents and profits, and it expressly covers
not only beneficial owners, but also “trustee, mortgagee in possession, or
otherwise”. In contrast, the language of the ABSD provisions looks, in the
context of a trust, specifically and only to the status of the beneficial
owner, the concept of which is not statutorily defined in the SDA and instead
left to be determined according to the general laws and principles of equity.

78 Further, the Australian cases cited make clear that they were primarily
concerned with the proper construction of the statutes in issue, and that the
reasoning relied upon in that regard may not be entirely consistent with
equitable principles. To this end, it bears reminder that it is not generally
helpful to selectively highlight dicta from foreign jurisprudence on the
construction of particular terms in foreign tax statutes, even if those terms
are in pari materia with local provisions (which is not the case here),
without an explication of the relevant context, history, and purpose of the
foreign tax statutes and how those compare to the local regime in Singapore.
The situation may be different if the salient issue relates to the judicial
approach or philosophy to be taken in applying the law or in engaging in non-
jurisdiction-specific inquiries (see, eg, ABB v Comptroller of Income Tax
[2010] 2 SLR 837 (“ABB v CIT”) at [13]), but that is not our case.
Particularly where, as is the case here, the issue before the court involves
the construction or application of a head of tax that prima facie is peculiar
to Singapore and serves a unique localised legislative purpose, the party
seeking to rely on foreign jurisprudence would have to do more to show its
relevance. To this end, I find apposite guidance from the Court of Appeal in
JD Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax [2006] 1 SLR 484:

[31] It is understandable for tax practitioners to exhibit a proclivity
towards relying on texts and case law from the Commonwealth jurisdictions…

[32] However, we find it important to remind practitioners that as tax law is
essentially a creature of statute, decisions from foreign jurisdictions should
be treated with the appropriate degree of caution, especially where the
wording of the foreign tax legislation is not identical with or not in pari
materia with the local equivalent… It is desirable, therefore, in interpreting
tax legislation, to rely on foreign authorities only if the corresponding tax
statutes are identical or very similar to local legislation, and if the
schemes of deduction and taxation systems are alike.

79 The Respondent also cites a single line in David J. Hayton & Charles
Mitchell, Hayton & Marshall: Commentary and Cases on The Law of Trusts and
Equitable Remedies (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2005) (“Hayton & Marshall 12th
Ed”) (at para 3-200), for the proposition that the trustees of a charitable
purpose trust are “legal beneficial owners” of the trust property, but under
fiduciary and equitable duties owed to the Attorney-General. I set out the
cited quote in greater context as follows:

Thus, the English courts should not hold the above Jersey trusts to be void so
that the settlor is entitled from the outset to the beneficial interest under
a resulting trust. Where then is the beneficial interest? Should a non-
charitable purpose trust be treated like a charitable purpose trust where the
trustees are the legal beneficial owners, but are under fiduciary and
equitable duties owed to the Attorney-General and the Charity Commissioners or
any “interested person” having the permission of the Commissioners?

80 With respect to the learned editors, apart from the issue of context, the
proposition that trustees of a charitable purpose trust are “legal beneficial
owners” has not been established as good law. The sole authority cited for the
proposition was a footnote stating “Just like executors of a testator:
Commissioner of Stamp Duty v Livingston [1965] AC 694” (Hayton & Marshall 12th
Ed at 204 n 29). But that case related to the nature of rights of a residuary
legatee as against the executor of an un-administered estate, and its
extrapolation into our case is questionable. Further, there may be some
imprecision in the term used by the learned editors, ie, “legal beneficial
owner”, for at least on one view, where the whole legal and beneficial
ownership of an asset resides in the same party, “[i]t might… not be
appropriate to speak of a ‘trust’ at all” (Power Knight Pte Ltd v Natural Fuel
Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation) and others [2010] 3 SLR 82 (“Power
Knight”) at [49]). Indeed, this view is supported by the original text of
Viscount Radcliffe’s decision in Commissioner of Stamp Duty v Livingston,
where he refuted the false assumption that “for all purposes and at every
moment in time the law requires the separate existence of two different kinds
of estate or interest in the property”, and thereupon reasoned that “[w]hen
the whole right of property is in a person… there is no need to distinguish
between the legal and equitable interest in that property” (at 712-713). It
thus does not follow – and it in fact appears contradictory to the Viscount
Radcliffe’s reasoning – that even in a trust for purposes, the legal and
beneficial interests of the property must simultaneously exist and
concurrently lie in the trustee who is then termed the “legal beneficial
owner”.

81 On principle, the proposition that trustees of a charitable trust hold both
the legal and beneficial interests in the trust property also ignores the
significant handicap that is imposed on the powers of the trustees by the
trust instrument, statute, and general law. Certainly, trustees in general,
including those acting in relation to a charitable purpose trust, cannot do as
they wish, since the ultimate right to enjoyment of the property is not
theirs. If that is still to be termed “beneficial ownership”, it is beneficial
ownership of such a withered sort that does not merit that name. The
proposition relied on by the Respondent also does not appear to have been
retained in the 14th edition of the work (see Ben McFarlane & Charles
Mitchell, Hayton & Mitchell: Text, Cases and Materials on the Law of Trusts
and Equitable Remedies (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2015) (“Hayton & Mitchell
14th Ed”)).

82 For the above reasons, I do not accept the Respondent’s submission that the
trustees of a charitable purpose trust are entitled to both the legal and
equitable estates of the trust property. The Applicants cannot, by mere virtue
of their being trustees of the Foundation, be simultaneously referred to as
the legal and beneficial owners of the Goodwood Property.

(3) “The public” as beneficial owners

83 The Respondent makes a third alternative argument that “the public” is the
beneficial owner of properties held by a charitable purpose trust. In support
of this, the Respondent cites an academic article (Roger Cotterrell, “Power,
Property and the Law of Trusts: A Partial Agenda for Critical Legal
Scholarship” (1987) 14(1) Journal of Law and Society 77 at 88-89):

… the law cannot comprehend property without any beneficial owner…  
  
Property put into a charitable trust is not ‘disembodied’ property. Not only
is it technically owned by charity trustees but its protection is in various
aspects the responsibility of public officials… The crucial factor here is
that the property settled on charitable trust is given for the ‘public
benefit’. Its ultimate beneficial owner is ‘the public’ or we might say
‘society’. Charitable trusts provide a rare, perhaps unique, instance of the
construction of society as a collective subject – a property owner – within
private law. Small wonder that property once dedicated to charity remains
perpetually so dedicated. Society as beneficial owner can never die.

84 With respect to the learned author, the context of the article renders it
suspect as authority for the proposition put forward. Professor Cotterrell’s
article is a critique of, inter alia, the classical conceptions of property
and ownership; it is unabashedly written from the perspective of the Critical
Legal Studies movement. That movement aimed at unpacking notions and
conceptions, long held by courts and lawyers, focusing on what the movement
perceived to be suspect concentration and exercise of political power. The
conception of law held by the movement, while perhaps thought-provoking, is
relatively far removed from the day-to-day law administered by the courts.
This may perhaps be the first instance of a revenue authority citing an
article written from the Critical Legal Studies perspective.

85 In any event, the article does not assist the Respondent in the analysis of
the question at hand. Aside from issues about the context and source of the
quotation relied upon, there is no authority for the proposition that
beneficial ownership of a trust must always be identifiable. In the context of
a charitable purpose trust, the only substantive objection to trust property
being without beneficial ownership is the lack of control or constraint on the
legal owners or trustees should they seek to depart from the stipulated term
and purposes of the trust. As recognised by Professor Cotterrell, a mechanism
is supplied through control either by the Attorney-General or the Commissioner
of Charities. Significant issues may arise in respect of non-charitable
purpose trusts, but such trusts have been recognised as valid on occasion. How
they are to be characterised is a matter for another case, but it suffices to
note that on one view such trusts would also not have beneficial owners:
“These [non-charitable purpose] trusts are generally recognised as valid,
notwithstanding the absence of any beneficiary, for reasons which have more to
do with ‘human weakness or sentiment’ rather than legal logic or principle”
(Goi Wang Firn at [45]-[46], citing Tan Farrer at [15]).

86 The argument that it is “the public” that owns a charitable trust is an
ultimately empty proposition. Contrary to the Respondent’s reliance on Koh Lau
Keow (HC), the fact that a charitable trust must be for public benefit in
order to be valid does not thereby mean that the public is the beneficial
owner of the trust property. This is again a conflation of the concepts of
factual benefits and legal beneficial interest. Further, it is questionable if
the rule in Saunders v Vautier allowing the beneficiaries as a group to
require the transfer to them of the legal title of the trust property
absolutely could apply to charitable purpose trusts in general (Thomas &
Hudson at para 6.43, n 144), or under the Respondent’s submission as to the
“public” being beneficial owners of a charitable trust, since that would allow
any stipulated charitable purpose to be disregarded or circumvented by the
said “public” invoking this rule. Although charities often seek to promote
public benefit, charitable trust property cannot be said to be property of the
commons: most trust property, aside perhaps from pastoral land, simply cannot
be used in that way. On a Hohfeldian analysis of jural relationships, public
ownership per se does not contain any content as a legal concept. Describing
the “public” or “society” as the “owner” of the charitable trust property,
therefore, is a misuse of the term and does not create any right in the public
as a group.

87 For the above stated reasons, I reject all three of the Respondent’s
submissions as to the locale of the beneficial interest under a charitable
purpose trust. Neither the factual beneficiaries of the charitable trust, nor
the trustees, nor the public can be said to be the beneficial owners of
property held under a charitable purpose trust. Rather, in my view, the
beneficial interest in a charitable purpose trust is simply “in suspense” and
not extant; there is in such a trust simply no ascertained or ascertainable
beneficiary. This is not a concept unfamiliar to trust law or to local
jurisprudence (see, eg, Power Knight at [51]; Koh Lau Keow and others v
Attorney-General [2014] 2 SLR 1165 at [18(a)]). Accordingly, since there is no
active or extant beneficial owner to property held under a charitable purpose
trust, there is nothing to which ABSD may attach under Art 3(bf)(viii) read
with Art 3(1) of the First Schedule of the SDA.

Foreigners or Entities

88 The above decision as to the non-identifiability of the beneficial owner of
the Goodwood Property renders it, strictly speaking, unnecessary to make a
determination as to whether any of the purported beneficial owners fall within
the statutory definitions of “entity” or “foreigner”. However, as parties have
submitted full arguments in this regard, two issues will be considered:

(a) whether the Applicants as trustees of the Foundation constitute an
“entity” as defined in Art 3(1) of the First Schedule of the SDA; and

(b) whether the Foundation itself constitutes an “entity”.

Definition of “entity” under Art 3(1) of the First Schedule

89 It is an established principle in Singapore that the purposive approach to
statutory construction under s 9A(1) of the IA governs the interpretation of
tax statutes, and in this regard “effectively displaces the common law
principle that tax statutes should be interpreted strictly in favour of the
taxpayer” (ABB v CIT at [54]; see ACC v Comptroller of Income Tax [2011] 1 SLR
1217 at [17]). The Australian courts appear to take a similar approach: “tax
statutes do not form a class of their own to which different rules of
construction apply” (Alcan (NT) Alumina Pty Ltd v Commissioners of Territory
Revenue [2009] 239 CLR 27 at [57]), as do the English authorities (Lord
Wilberforce, W T Ramsay Ltd v Inland Revenue Commissioners [1982] AC 300 at
323; see generally, Oliver Jones, Bennion on Statutory Interpretation
(LexisNexis, 6th Ed, 2012) (“Bennion”) at s 310):

A subject is only to be taxed on clear words, not on “intendment” or on the
“equity” of an Act… What are “clear words” is to be ascertained on normal
principles; these do not confine the courts to literal interpretation. There
may, indeed should, be considered the context and scheme of the relevant Act
as a whole, and its purpose may, indeed should, be regarded.

90 According to the Respondent, ABSD is chargeable in the present context
under article 3(bf)(viii) of the First Schedule of the SDA because the
beneficial owners of the Goodwood Property include an “entity” or “foreigner”.
The term “entity” is defined in Art 3(1) of the First Schedule as follows:

“entity” means a person who is not an individual, and includes an
unincorporated association, a trustee for a collective investment scheme when
acting in that capacity, a trustee-manager for a business trust when acting in
that capacity and, in a case where the property conveyed, transferred or
assigned is to be held as partnership property, the partners of the
partnership whether or not any of them is an individual

The primary definition of “entity” is thus “a person who is not an
individual”, whereas the extended definition includes the specific examples
stated, such as a trustee for a CIS.

91 Generally, the phrase “means… and includes…” may serve two purposes: the
first being to illustrate the primary definition following the term “means”,
and the second being to extend that primary definition beyond its natural
import (Low Guang Hong David and others v Suryono Wino Goei [2012] 3 SLR 185
at [14]; citing Pan-United Marine Ltd v Chief Assessor [2008] 3 SLR 569). In
this case, it is immaterial which purpose the phrase was intended to serve,
since even taking the second purpose ex hypothesi, and thereby giving the term
“entity” the broadest definition possible, it would nevertheless still not
cover the trustees of charitable purpose trusts. As will be explained, this is
because the extended definition of “entity” expressly includes the trustees of
a CIS and of a business trust, but makes no mention of trustees in general,
whether of a trust for persons, a private purpose trust, or a charitable
purpose trust.

Whether the Applicants as trustees are an “entity”

92 The Applicants argue that the definition of “entity” under Art 3(1) of the
First Schedule of the SDA does not cover a body of persons such as the
Applicants in their capacity as trustees. The Parliamentary debates are
material and should be taken into account in the construction of the term
“entity”. Although the Parliamentary debates did not accompany the
introduction of the ABSD regime, which was introduced by way of a Ministerial
Order, the Minister’s speech subsequently when the Parliamentary debate was
held focused on purchases of residential properties made by individual buyers
and companies. These debates also indicate that the concern underlying the
introduction of ABSD was with investment demand, which would primarily concern
companies which are commercially-driven, rather than charitable trusts. The
Respondent argues to the contrary that the Parliamentary debates do not assist
in construing the meaning of the term “entity”, which has remained the same
since 2011.

93 I find that the Applicants as trustees of a charitable purpose trust are
not an “entity” within the meaning of Art 3(bf)(viii) of the First Schedule.
First, they do not fall within the primary definition of “entity”, ie, a
“person who is not an individual”. Second, even if the extended definition
serves an expansionary purpose to the primary definition, trustees of a
charitable purpose trust are not captured within its scope.

94 As regards the primary definition, the phrase “person who is not an
individual” is potentially wide but constrained ultimately by the meaning of
the word “person”. In the absence of any other indication, the word “person”,
since it must not be an individual, would by ordinary meaning have to be taken
as a legal person, clearly capturing body corporates and presumably
corporations sole. However, this definition would not include trustees of
charitable purpose trusts. The Applicants in their capacity as trustees are
certainly non-individuals, but even as a collective they are not a legal
person: they are individuals discharging their respective duties, and are not
treated usually as a bloc in their dealings with the world. Although they
usually act unanimously, each trustee must exercise his or her discretion
separately unless otherwise authorised by the trust deed (Snell’s Equity at
paras 29-005 and 29-038). A trustee’s liability for breach of trust is
generally also limited to the losses resulting from his own breach; where more
than one trustee is involved in the wrongdoing, each trustee remains jointly
and severally liable (Snell’s Equity at para 30-045). Certainly, trustees
could be treated as a bloc or a legal person by statute, but that requires
clear language, in the absence of which the general position should apply.

95 The Respondent attempts to rely on s 2(1) of the IA, but it does not
assist. That provision reads:

“Person”… include[s] any company or association or body of persons, corporate
or unincorporate

96 The definition of “person” under the IA is inclusive and covers a “body of
persons”. In that sense, it is potentially broader than the phrase “person who
is not an individual” under Art 3(1) of the First Schedule of the SDA.
However, the definition in Art 3(1) is also inclusive, and through the
extended definition captures a number of specific concepts, including a
trustee for a CIS, a trustee manager for a business trust, and partners of a
partnership. Given this, the IA definition is excluded by virtue of the
introductory words contained in the chapeau of s 2(1), which provide that the
definitions that follow (including that of “person”) would not apply if “there
is something in the subject or context inconsistent with such construction”.

97 Turning to the extended definition of “entity” under Art 3(1), by virtue of
this limb, the primary definition of “entity” is expanded to cover
unincorporated associations and partnerships, both of which would otherwise
not normally be taken to have legal personality. These concepts, however, do
not apply to the Foundation or the Applicants as trustees. An unincorporated
association is a group of persons bound together by a mutual contract, which
the Applicants are not. Nor are the Applicants in a partnership.

98 The extended definition also includes trustees of a CIS and trustee-
managers of a business trust. However, while the trustees of these two
specific kinds of trusts (ie, CIS and business trusts) are referenced, it does
not follow that the trustees of any other kind of trust are necessarily to be
captured by the definition ejusdem generis. The definition does not clearly
and expressly cover trusts in general, nor are the two specific kinds of
trusts mentioned typical or representative examples of trusts: a CIS is a
group investment vehicle usually open to the public and governed by its own
regulatory regime; a business trust is another special type of investment
vehicle that bears little resemblance to a traditional trust and was
introduced into our law by a specific statute: the Business Trusts Act (Cap
31A, 2005 Rev Ed).

99 Therefore, as the extended definition is after all a specific list, without
any general description of structures and arrangements that may cover the
concept of charitable purpose trusts, it is not possible for the Respondent to
place reliance beyond the primary defining phrase “person who is not an
individual”. The legal understanding of what is a non-individual person thus
controls what the term “entity” can cover in this case. As explained, on this
construction, neither the primary nor the extended definition – and thus the
definition of “entity” as a whole – includes the Applicants in their capacity
as trustees of the Foundation.

Whether the Foundation itself constitutes an “entity”

100 The Applicants argue that the Foundation itself was not an “entity”. The
registration of the Foundation as a charity under the Charities Act merely
accords it with the status of being a “charity”, but does not give it
institutional character, nor mean that it is therefore an “entity”. This
institutional form of a charity is distinct from its charitable status: Khoo
Jeffrey at [33]. I agree. The Respondent does not argue otherwise, focusing
instead on the positions of the factual beneficiaries, the Applicants as
trustees, and the public, as opposed to the Foundation itself. In my view, the
Respondent is correct not to take a contrary position.

Liability for ABSD under other provisions

101 Given the decision above that properties held under a charitable purpose
trust do not have identifiable beneficial owners, there is no beneficial owner
of the Goodwood Property to which Art 3(2)(d) may relate, and therefore Art
3(bf)(viii) read with Art 3(2)(d) does not apply to impose ABSD on the SPA.
The Respondent argues, as a fall-back alternative, that even if Art 3(2)(d) is
incapable of applying, liability attaches directly through the operation of
Art 3(bf)(viii) vis-à-vis the trustees themselves. In that case, it would be
the profile of the Applicants as trustees (rather than the beneficial owner of
the Goodwood Property) that becomes the focal of the inquiry, since they are
in such capacity the direct “grantees, transferees or lessees” of the Goodwood
Property.

102 However, there is nothing in Arts 3(2)(d) or 3(bf)(viii), or in the
framework of the First Schedule, that supports the Respondent’s proposed
interpretation. Article 3(2)(d) itself provides that “in a case where [the
grantee, transferee or lessee of the conveyed residential property] is to hold
the residential property on trust”, it is the beneficial owner of that
property that is the concern of ABSD liability, “except where the residential
property is to be held as property of a business trust or a collective
investment scheme or as partnership property”. The natural and plain reading
of the provision would be that Art 3(2)(d) defines comprehensively the scope
of ABSD liability when the conveyed property is to be held on a trust, unless
that trust is of a specific kind that is clearly and expressly exempted from
its purview (ie, a business trust or CIS). Those exemptions do not apply in
the present case. The Art 3(2)(d) definition of “grantee, transferee or
lessee” is premised on the subject property having an identifiable beneficial
owner; nothing in the First Schedule operates where no beneficial interest is
identifiable despite the property being held on trust.

103 Further, none of the other ABSD provisions in the First Schedule would
apply to impose ABSD liability on the SPA. All of the sub-provisions in Art
3(bf) make reference to the “grantee, transferee or lessee” of the conveyed
property, which phrase is then defined under Art 3(2)(d) to refer to the
beneficial owner of the same if the property is to be held on trust.
Accordingly, even if the Respondent relies on any of these other sub-
provisions, he would face the same issues vis-à-vis charitable purpose trusts
and the non-identifiability of their beneficial ownership. Indeed, the
Respondents do not argue that any other sub-provisions apply.

Miscellaneous

104 Aside from the arguments above on the chargeability of ABSD on the SPA,
there are two other issues which remain.

Materials in aid of statutory interpretation

105 In the present proceedings, both parties placed reliance on the Press
Statement issued to accompany the enactment of the ABSD provisions, but for
different purposes. The Applicants use it to argue that ABSD was not intended
to be imposed vis-à-vis conveyances to a charitable purpose trust. The
Respondent cites the Press Statement to show that it was.

106 In determining the admissibility of, and weight to be given to, the Press
Statement with respect to a statutory construction of the SDA, it is primarily
ss 9A(2) to (4) of the IA that need to be considered:

(2) Subject to subsection (4), in the interpretation of a provision of a
written law, if any material not forming part of the written law is capable of
assisting in the ascertainment of the meaning of the provision, consideration
may be given to that material —

(a) to confirm that the meaning of the provision is the ordinary meaning
conveyed by the text of the provision taking into account its context in the
written law and the purpose or object underlying the written law; or

(b) to ascertain the meaning of the provision when —

(i) the provision is ambiguous or obscure; or

(ii) the ordinary meaning conveyed by the text of the provision taking into
account its context in the written law and the purpose or object underlying
the written law leads to a result that is manifestly absurd or unreasonable.

(3) Without limiting the generality of subsection (2), the material that may
be considered in accordance with that subsection in the interpretation of a
provision of a written law shall include —

(a) all matters not forming part of the written law that are set out in the
document containing the text of the written law as printed by the Government
Printer;

(b) any explanatory statement relating to the Bill containing the provision;

(c) the speech made in Parliament by a Minister on the occasion of the moving
by that Minister of a motion that the Bill containing the provision be read a
second time in Parliament;

(d) any relevant material in any official record of debates in Parliament;

(e) any treaty or other international agreement that is referred to in the
written law; and

(f) any document that is declared by the written law to be a relevant document
for the purposes of this section.

(4) In determining whether consideration should be given to any material in
accordance with subsection (2), or in determining the weight to be given to
any such material, regard shall be had, in addition to any other relevant
matters, to —

(a) the desirability of persons being able to rely on the ordinary meaning
conveyed by the text of the provision taking into account its context in the
written law and the purpose or object underlying the written law; and

(b) the need to avoid prolonging legal or other proceedings without
compensating advantage.

107 Section 9A allows a broad category of material to be used to interpret
statutory provisions. But some materials are by their nature more likely to be
useful than others: that is the basis of the clarifications contained in sub-
sections (3) and (4). Thus, in deciding the weight to be ascribed to any
material cited in aid of a purposive construction of a statute, the context of
these materials must itself be considered. In this regard, preparatory
materials used in the process of enacting or drafting a statute, and materials
used or referred to in the relevant legislative deliberations, would clearly
be useful in the elucidation of the purpose of that statute or its provisions.
These assist because they could have conceivably influenced and had an impact
on the statutory language and structure, or may reflect the object and mind of
the draftsmen as eventually sanctioned by Parliament. In contrast, materials
post-enactment would in most situations be unhelpful and caution must be
exercised to avoid ascribing meaning that arises after enactment, or was not
present at all in the minds of those exercising the power of enactment (see
generally, Bennion at p 654).

108 In addition, the purpose of the material sought to be relied on is also
relevant. Generally, greater weight will be given to materials that are
clearly intended or designed to be used to explain, in a legal sense, the
meaning of the statutory provisions, or are designed to be capable of scrutiny
by a court of law. Materials meant for other purposes, such as explanation for
laypersons, must be treated cautiously lest unintended meanings are grafted on
to the legislative provisions.

109 Press statements thus must be warily used in statutory interpretation.
First, they are generally prepared post-enactment. Secondly, their targeted
purpose is primarily and presumably to explain the position in a simple and
easily understood way, without usually being legally precise, or with the
intent to have legal effect. The additional danger is that a whole slew of
different public materials, such as Facebook posts and Twitter feeds, would be
posited as possible interpretative aids. A post on social media would
generally not be regarded as useful in interpreting a statutory provision
because it is usually made in a context that would not involve any element of
drafting or legislative intent, but rather, would be intended to educate the
public or to respond to a particular situation. For similar reasons, a press
statement would also rarely give rise to an estoppel binding the government.

110 In our present case, it is said by the Respondent, with whom the
Applicants joined, that the Press Statement was the only available material
that could assist. In my view, however, the absence of any other aid to
interpretation is not sufficient to clothe the Press Statement with the mantle
of being assistive or a document to be accorded any significant weight. If
there is nothing, there is nothing. If the Minister or authority in enacting
the ABSD wishes to provide guidance on interpretation, there are other means.
They may, acting under delegated law-making powers, issue legal guidance on
how words and phrases are to be interpreted: in that event, those statements
may be legitimate interpretative material of considerable weight under s 9A,
since that material is clearly created and intended to explicate the statutory
language (assuming it does not cross the line by enacting legislation outside
the legislative process). However, such intent must be made manifest by
adopting the appropriate form, such as by being issued expressly as an
interpretive guide, which would signal clearly its intent to be taken as a
legal interpretative document. A press statement, on the other hand, will be
coloured by its usual purpose – to publicise and explain the regime to
laypersons who are unfamiliar and untrained in the law. A press statement not
being drafted with an eye to its being used or scrutinised in the legal sense
by a court of law, will very rarely be conferred much weight, if at all, as an
interpretive material, unless it was expressly flagged to be intended to give
interpretive effect; but in that case it would really just be express
legislative guidance.

111 In this case, the Press Statement that both parties sought to rely on is
unhelpful to either party. The Press Statement states, inter alia, the
following:

(a) the Government’s objective “is to promote a sustainable residential
property market where prices move in line with economic fundamentals”;

(b) the Government “decided to impose the ABSD to moderate investment demand
for private residential property and promote a more stable and sustainable
market”;

(c) in a Table appended to the Press Statement, ABSD is said to apply to
transactions with “[f]oreigners and non-individuals (corporate entities)
buying any residential property”; and

(d) in a footnote, “non-individuals” is said to “include[] corporate, trusts,
and collective investments schemes amongst others”.

112 The Respondent points to the inclusion of “trusts” in the footnote, while
the Applicants highlight the failure to specifically include trusts for
purposes (eg, charitable purpose trusts) and the references to “corporate
entities” and “investment demand”, which the Applicants claim do not apply to
them. In my view, both parties are stretching the Press Statement too far; the
language in the Press Statement was at best ambiguous. In the circumstances,
the Press Statement generally as a rule, and specifically in this case, does
not illuminate legislative purpose as to whether ABSD was intended to apply
vis-à-vis conveyances of residential property to a charitable purpose trust.

113 The Applicants also cite a tax-guide issued by IRAS to the public in
arguing for its interpretation of “beneficial owner”. For the same reasons as
discussed above in relation to the use of the Press Statement, such tax guides
should not generally control or influence the interpretation of statutory
provisions. They are not preparatory materials, thus running the risk of
modifying the language of the statute post-enactment. Nor would it be part of
their purpose to be construed legally by a court of law: they are generally
intended to guide laypersons in navigating a particular statutory regime.
Simplification, as well as the glossing over of technicalities and
complexities, are to be expected. Furthermore, it must be cautioned that these
tax guides, to the extent that they reflect the guidelines and practices of
the tax authorities, are not necessarily law: “That this has been the practice
of the Comptroller does not in any way illuminate the question of whether this
should be the practice of the Comptroller. Practice is not law” [emphasis in
original] (Comptroller of Income Tax v GE Pacific Pte Ltd [1994] 2 SLR(R) 948
at [35]).

Imposing Tax Liability on Charities

114 For avoidance of doubt, it should be made clear that there is nothing in
principle for or against having ABSD apply to transactions over residential
properties by charities. Whether or not a charity, and in particular a
charitable trust, is to be liable for tax of any sort is a matter of policy
for the relevant Ministries and agencies. There just needs to be stated clear
imposition under the relevant statutory instrument. The preferred course would
be to ensure that the language of the statute itself is clear, and that it has
been drafted to reflect the legislative intent as best as humanly possible.

115 For this reason, not much weight could be given to the Respondent’s
argument that if charitable purpose trusts are excluded from the scope of ABSD
liability, an undesirable disparity would arise between the treatment of
charities constituted as trusts as opposed to those constituted as
unincorporated associations or companies limited by guarantees. The
desirability of this position as a matter of policy falls outside the province
of the courts.

Conclusion

116 My answers to the questions posed in the Case Stated are thus:

(a) The SPA is not chargeable with ABSD.

(b) In view of the answer to (a), the second question does not arise.

117 It follows that there should be repayment of the sums paid by the
Applicants to the Respondent under protest. Separate directions will be given
with respect to arguments on costs.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judicial Commissioner

Joanna Yap Hui Min, Lam Zhen Guang and Rebecca Liu Maeyann (KhattarWong LLP)
for the applicants;  
Julia Mohamed and Li Yourui, Charles (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore,
Law Division) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

