Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the HIGH COURT of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 92

Community Justice and Tribunals Appeal No 1 of 2016

Between

| BENBER DAYAO YU  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| JACTER SINGH  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the Matter of DC/PHA No 70060 of 2015

In the matter of an application under section 12(1) of the Protection from
Harassment Act 2014 (Act 17 of 2014)  
---  
  
Between

BENBER DAYAO YU  
---  
  
… Applicant

  
And

JACTER SINGH  
---  
  
… Respondent

Grounds of decision

[Tort] — [Harassment] — [Protection from Harassment Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Benber Dayao Yu

  
v

  

Jacter Singh

[2017] SGHC 92

High Court — Community Justice and Tribunals Appeal No 1 of 2016  
See Kee Oon J  
11 May 2016, 3 March 2017

26 April 2017

See Kee Oon J:

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the District Judge dismissing an
application for a protection order under s 12 of the Protection from
Harassment Act (No 14 of 2014) (“POHA”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

The present edition of the POHA is (Cap 256A, 2015 Rev Ed).

The District Judge’s grounds of decision are set out in his Notes of Evidence
dated 29 February 2016 (“the GD”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Record of Appeal (“ROA”) Vol 1 pp 106–140.

2 Before the District Judge, the appellant sought a protection order in
relation to a web page posted on the Internet (“the Web post”) by the
respondent. The appellant also sought a protection order prohibiting the
respondent from approaching him under any circumstances. In this appeal, the
appellant focused his case on the District Judge’s findings in relation to the
Web post and did not challenge the District Judge’s finding in relation to the
alleged physical harassment.

3 After hearing the parties, I allowed the appeal and granted a protection
order under s 12 of the POHA in favour of the appellant in relation to the Web
post. I granted an order in terms of prayers 1 to 3 of the originating summons
with the exception of prayer 1(c) which related to the protection order
against the respondent approaching the appellant: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROA Vol 1 p 2.

1\. Jacter Singh whether in his personal capacity or trading as JS Athletics
(Business Registration No. 5310554L) be prohibited from doing the following
[acts] in relation to Benber Dayao Yu:

a) Remove all publications relating to Benber Dayao Yu that is currently set
out in the webpage at http://js-athletics.com/notice-of-termination.

b) Desist from publishing further insulting or abusive communications about
Benber Dayao Yu, including but not limited to publishing in any form
whatsoever, the allegations set out in the webpage at http://js-
athletics.com/notice-of-termination.

…

2\. No person shall publish or continue to publish the following offending
communication(s):

a) the allegations set out in the Webpage found at http://js-
athletics.com/notice-of-termination.

3) That Jacter Singh shall pay [Benber Dayao Yu] the costs of this
application.

4 I directed that the respondent remove the Web post within two weeks of my
judgment and fixed costs for the appeal and the proceedings below at S$12,000,
with reasonable disbursements in addition. I now set out the full grounds of
my decision.

Background facts

5 The appellant was a former employee of the respondent, who ran a sports
coaching company known as JS Athletics. JS Athletics was in the business of
conducting sports training at schools and stadiums and selling sports
accessories. The appellant worked for the respondent from 2008 to 2009. The
parties disputed the circumstances under which the appellant left the
employment of the respondent. The appellant claimed that he resigned while the
respondent claimed that the appellant was summarily dismissed.

6 The Web post in question was posted on the respondent’s business website on
8 November 2009 after the appellant left the respondent’s employ. The
respondent updated the Web post thereafter at various points. He did so after
the hearing before the District Judge and pending the outcome of the present
appeal, though not in wholly accurate terms, to record the District Judge’s
order made in his favour and subsequent proceedings. Before the District
Judge, the appellant took issue with the following allegations contained
within the Web post:

(a) The appellant’s employment had been terminated by the respondent.

(b) The appellant had misrepresented to others that he was a Philippines
national team coach and/or a Philippines national athlete.

(c) The appellant had a molest case against him in the Philippines and had
molested the athletes he coached.

(d) The appellant’s training methods had caused injuries to the athletes that
he coached.

On appeal, the aspects of the Web post which the appellant took objection to
were those that referred to the appellant as an incompetent coach and a
molester who molested the athletes he coached.

7 The basis for the respondent’s assertion that the appellant was a molester
was an incident in the Philippines that occurred in April 2006 when a 15 year-
old female athlete made a private complaint against the appellant for
molesting her. It is undisputed that the complaint was dismissed for lack of
probable cause by the Provincial Prosecutor in the Philippines and no further
actions were taken against the appellant. The respondent was fully aware that
the Philippines Provincial Prosecutor had dismissed the complaint.

8 Besides the Web post, the appellant claimed that the respondent had behaved
in an insulting, abusive and harassing manner towards him during various
encounters at the sports stadiums.

9 The appellant subsequently requested the respondent to remove the Web post
but the respondent refused. Consequently, the appellant filed an application
under DC/PHA 70060 of 2015 for a protection order pursuant to s 12 of the POHA
seeking an order for the respondent to take down the Web post. The appellant
also sought a protection order in relation to the alleged physical harassment.

Decision below

10 The hearing of DC/PHA 70060 of 2015 took place before the District Judge on
16 and 17 November 2015. Before the District Judge, the appellant contended
that the Web Post contravened ss 3 and 4 of the POHA and that it was just and
equitable to grant a protection order against the respondent.

11 The respondent’s contentions were as follows:

(a) The appellant could not avail himself of the remedy under s 12 of the POHA
because the POHA was not intended to have retrospective application to the Web
post which was made before the POHA came into effect.

(b) With regard to the Web post, the respondent contended that he was telling
the truth and that his conduct was reasonable.

(c) With regard to the physical harassment, the respondent denied that the
incidents of alleged harassment had occurred.

12 The District Judge found that the Web post had remained on the JS Athletics
website after the POHA came into force and that the appellant could apply for
a protection order on the Web post. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 112 at 103D.

13 With respect to the Web post, the District Judge found that the respondent
had conducted himself reasonably and thus was able to avail himself of the
defences in ss 3 and 4 of the POHA. This turned on the District Judge’s
findings that the Web post contained either true statements or reasonable
expressions of the respondent’s personal point of view. Specifically, the
District Judge found that the respondent had made acceptable statements
pertaining to:

(a) the reasons for his termination of the appellant’s employment in 2009;

(b) the false claims by the appellant to be a Philippines national coach
and/or national athlete;

(c) the appellant’s 2006 molest case in the Philippines; and

(d) the appellant’s improper training methods causing injuries to his
trainees.

14 In the premises, the District Judge did not think that it was just and
equitable to issue a protection order. A summary of the District Judge’s
findings is found at [114E]–[115A] and [128D]–[128E] of the GD: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROA Vol 1 at pp 123–124 and p 137.

In summary, in relation to the allegations in the affidavit, the court’s
decision is that it was reasonable for the [respondent] to say his viewpoint
on his web post that the [appellant’s] employment at JS Athletics was
terminated, the [appellant] was not a Philippines national coach or
Philippines national athlete, the [appellant] had a molest case in Philippines
and that the [appellant’s] training of young athletes was not proper.

…

In conclusion, in our factual context, the choice of words by the [respondent]
in the web post may appear harsh against the [appellant]. But the [respondent]
had reasons for saying so, and the web post has not stopped the [appellant]
from working as an athletics coach and growing his coaching business.

15 The appellant’s allegations of physical harassment were premised on various
alleged incidents involving face-to-face confrontations between the appellant
and respondent as set out in the appellant’s second affidavit. The District
Judge found that the appellant had not proved that these incidents had
occurred. He further found that the appellant had not shown that he was
distressed to such a degree as to justify the grant of a protection order
against the respondent. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 137 at [128A]–[128C].

16 The District Judge awarded the respondent costs of S$8,000 before Goods and
Services Tax with reasonable disbursements to be agreed or taxed. The
appellant subsequently applied for and was granted leave to appeal to the High
Court. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 149.

The parties’ cases on appeal

17 The appellant raised four arguments on appeal, contending that the District
Judge erred in:

(a) First, finding that the respondent did not contravene s 3(1) and s 4(1) of
the POHA.

(b) Secondly, finding that the respondent had a defence of reasonable conduct
under s 3(3) and s 4(3) of the POHA.

(c) Thirdly, finding that it was not just and equitable to grant a protection
order under s 12 of the POHA.

(d) Fourthly, admitting affidavits that were inadmissible by law, in
particular the affidavits filed by the respondent to prove that the appellant
was a molester.

I noted that the appellant did not challenge the District Judge’s findings in
relation to the alleged physical harassment.

18 In response, the respondent did not seriously dispute that the Web post
contained statements which, objectively understood, were abusive or insulting.
He relied on the two main defences which had been canvassed before the
District Judge. The first was that the Web post pre-dated the enactment of the
POHA and thus the legislation should not have retrospective application (“the
retrospective POHA defence”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Respondent’s Submissions at pp 4–9.

The second was that he had conducted himself reasonably in putting up the Web
post (“the reasonable conduct defence”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Respondent’s Submissions at pp 10–25.

My decision

19 Section 12 of the POHA provides that a victim of harassment under ss 3 to 7
of the POHA can apply for a protection order subject to certain conditions:

Protection order

12.—(1) Subject to subsection (9), the victim under section 3, 4, 5, 6 or 7
may make an application to the District Court for a protection order.

(2) A District Court may make a protection order if it is satisfied on the
balance of probabilities that —

(a) the respondent has contravened section 3, 4, 5, 6 or 7 in respect of the
victim;

(b) the contravention referred to in paragraph (a) is likely to continue, or
the respondent is likely to commit a contravention of section 3, 4, 5, 6 or 7
in respect of the victim; and

(c) it is just and equitable in all the circumstances.

20 In the present case, to justify the grant of protection pursuant to s 12 of
the POHA, the appellant was required to show that:

(a) the respondent had contravened ss 3 or 4 of the POHA;

(b) the said contravention was likely to continue, or the respondent was
likely to commit a contravention of ss 3 or 4; and

(c) it was just and equitable in all the circumstances to issue a protection
order.

21 Section 3 of the POHA provides for the offence of acting with intent to
cause harassment, alarm or distress to any person by the use of threatening,
abusive or insulting words or behaviour; or making any threatening, abusive or
insulting communication thereby causing harassment, alarm or distress. Under s
3(3), it is a defence for the accused person to prove that his conduct was
reasonable.

22 Section 4 of the POHA lays down the offence of using threatening, abusive
or insulting words or behaviour; or making any threatening, abusive or
insulting communication which is heard, seen or otherwise perceived by any
person (“the victim”) likely to be caused harassment, alarm or distress. Under
s 4(3)(a), it is a defence for the accused person to prove that he had no
reason to believe the victim would hear, see or otherwise perceive the word or
behaviour used, or the communication made. Similar to s 3(3), s 4(3)(b) also
states that it is a defence for the accused person to prove that his conduct
was reasonable.

23 The difference between the offences in ss 3 and 4 of the POHA is the
requirement of intention, which is found in s 3 but absent from s 4 (see Goh
Yihan and Yip Man, “The Protection From Harassment Act 2014: Legislative
Comment” (2014) 26 SAcLJ 700 at p 710):

The distinction between ss 3 and 4 of [the POHA] can seem rather thin. Chee
Siok Chin [v Public Prosecutor [2006] 1 SLR(R) 582] highlights two important
differences between ss 13A and 13B of the [Miscellaneous Offences (Public
Order and Nuisance) Act (Cap 184, 1997 Rev Ed) (“MOA”)], which will be
relevant to understanding ss 3 and 4. First, s 13A (and s 3 [of the POHA]),
unlike s 13B (and s 4 [of the POHA]) does not require the offence to take
place within the hearing or sight of any person likely to be caused
harassment, alarm or distress. Secondly, a plain reading of s 13B of the MOA
reveals that an intention for the conduct to be “threatening, abusive or
insulting” is not even a necessary criterion. It has been said that
objectivity is the touch stone for assessing the conduct in question and that
threats, abuses and insults embraced by s 13B may constitute an offence
whether or not they were so intended. This is likely applicable to s 4 of the
[POHA].

[emphasis added]

24 As stated by the Minister for Law, Mr K Shanmugam, during the Second
Reading of the Protection from Harassment Bill, ss 3 and 4 of the POHA were
adapted from s 13A and s 13B of the Miscellaneous Offences (Public Order and
Nuisance) Act (Cap 184, 1997 Rev Ed) (“MOA”) with minor changes and
modifications so as to extend to words, behaviour or communications made by
any means including electronic means as in the present case (see Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (13 March 2014) vol 91):

Clauses 3 to 6 re-enact and update sections 13A to 13D of the MOA
respectively, and therefore, sections 13A to 13D of the MOA will be repealed
once this Bill goes through. Thus, clauses 3, 4, 5 and 6, which deal with
harassment, in fact are taken from the MOA, with some minor changes. The
penalties are increased quite substantively.

… First, the Bill makes clear that harassment and related antisocial behaviour
are offences, whether committed in the physical world or online; and that must
be so. It must be the consequence of the conduct, not where and how that
conduct was carried out, that is important. Clauses 3 to 6 are medium neutral.
They extend to words, behaviour or communication used or made by “any means”,
which will obviously include electronic means.

The second of my five points is that illustrations have been introduced in
clauses 3 and 4. These illustrations reiterate and signal that the Bill will
cover a wide range of anti-social behaviour, such as: cyber bullying; bullying
of children; and sexual harassment. This will be an offence, wherever it takes
place, including of course in the workplace.

[emphasis added]

25 Accordingly, harassing conduct on the Internet, such as those in the Web
post in the present case would be covered by ss 3 and 4 of the POHA.

The retrospective POHA defence

26 I was of the view that the District Judge rightly rejected the
retrospective POHA defence. The Web post had remained on the JS Athletics
website all along and there had thus been ongoing publication. At the time of
the appeal, it remained freely accessible on the Internet. In fact, the
respondent had updated the Web post after the hearing before the District
Judge and pending the outcome of the present appeal. Accordingly, I agreed
with the District Judge that it was open to the appellant to apply for a
protection order under s 12 of the POHA.

The Web post

27 I agreed with the appellant that there is essentially a two-stage test to
adopt when deciding whether to grant a protection order under s 12 of the
POHA.

(a) The first stage is to establish whether the respondent had contravened ss
3(1) and 4(1) of the POHA by examining the nature of the words or behaviour in
question.

(b) If the conduct complained of is found to fall within ss 3 or 4, the court
then proceeds to the second stage to consider whether any defence can apply.
At this point, the inquiry is into whether what has been found to be harassing
conduct was nonetheless reasonable conduct in the circumstances.

Finally, the court considers whether it is just and equitable in all the
circumstances to grant the protection order under s 12.

28 From the GD, it appeared that the District Judge might have conflated the
two stages. He did not make it clear if he made any findings in respect of the
first stage of the inquiry. But this was not a major source of error, let
alone a fatal flaw. Evidently, he had adopted a holistic approach since the
words in the Web post could, to some extent, be said to speak for themselves.
He examined the reasonableness of the respondent’s conduct to satisfy himself
as to whether the words contained any truth or justification such that it
could be inferred that there was lack of any malicious intent. It would be
needlessly pedantic to fault his reasoning on this score. It sufficed to note
that he was conscious that the burden was on the respondent to prove that he
could rely on the “reasonable conduct” defence.

29 The District Judge accepted that the respondent’s choice of words “may
appear harsh” but found that the respondent had reasons for saying so. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROA Vol 1 p 137.

He did not expressly mention whether he found these reasons to be bona fide,
valid or justifiable but this could perhaps be inferred from his eventual
decision to dismiss the application.

Stage 1: nature of conduct

30 At the first stage, the inquiry related to whether the respondent had used
threatening, abusive or insulting words or behaviour with the intent to cause
harassment, alarm or distress (under s 3 of the POHA) and whether they were
likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress (under s 4 of the POHA).

31 The terms “abusive”, “insulting”, “threatening”, “harassment”, “alarm”, and
“distress” found in ss 3 and 4 are not defined in the POHA. In my judgment,
these terms ought to be accorded their common-sense meaning. This is in line
with V K Rajah JA’s approach in Chee Siok Chin v Public Prosecutor [2006] 1
SLR(R) 582 (“Chee Siok Chin”) at [124] in considering the absence of
definitions for similar terms found in ss 13A and 13B of the MOA:

The fact that Parliament did not define the word ‘harassment’ in ss 13A and
13B of the MOA is a strong indication that this word, like the words ‘insult’
and ‘abusive’, is intended to be accorded a common-sense meaning. Harassment
describes determined conduct which is directed at persons and is calculated to
produce discomfort and/or unease and/or distress: see Malcomson Nicholas Hugh
Bertran v Mehta Naresh Kumar [2001] 3 SLR(R) 379. Persistent or prolonged
conduct that is directed at causing distress in those responsible for
discharging their duties would amount to harassment for the purpose of the
subject provisions. The essence of harassment is not just repetitive conduct
but includes prolonged or persistent or sustained conduct.

32 At [72] and [76] of Chee Siok Chin, the Court also held that:

72 … [I]n so far as the interpretation of a similar combination of words in
the MOA is concerned, it would be correct to conclude that “Parliament has
given no indication that the word is to be given any unusual meaning.
Insulting means insulting and nothing else”… By the same token, the words
“harassment”, “alarm” and “distress” should be given common-sense everyday
meanings.

76 … Threatening, abusive or insulting words or behaviour are simply words or
behaviour that are threatening, abusive or insulting in character…

33 The illustration to s 4 of the POHA also offers some guidance as to the
type of words that may fall within the ambit of ss 3 and 4 of the POHA:

Illustration

X and Y are classmates. X posts a vulgar tirade against Y on a website
accessible to all of their classmates. One of Y’s classmates shows the message
on the website to Y, and Y is distressed. X is guilty of an offence under this
section.

[emphasis added]

34 Objectively understood and as a matter of common sense, I found that there
were abusive and insulting words used in the Web post. The Web post contained
serious and unfair allegations of criminal conduct. The words used in the Web
post were, in my view, akin to a vulgar tirade mentioned in the illustration
to s 4 of the POHA cited above even though no profanities were used. They were
cast in highly pejorative terms, clearly calculated to abuse and insult the
appellant and vilify him as a recalcitrant sex offender who takes advantage of
his trainees by deceptive or manipulative means. The Web post also contained
other allegations that the appellant’s training methods were improper or
unethical and had “caused” injuries to his trainees. The various allegations
were purely accusatory in nature and intended to portray the appellant as a
coach who abused the student athletes under his care and adopted improper
training methods.

35 In respect of the accusations of the appellant’s sexual misconduct, it was
particularly troubling that the respondent openly acknowledged during cross-
examination that the Web post alleging molest was “intended to give the reader
the impression that the applicant is guilty of molest” despite being aware
that such a complaint had been dismissed by the Provincial Prosecutor in the
Philippines: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROA Vol 1 p 87.

Q: You agree with me that your website is intended to give the reader the
impression that the [appellant] is guilty of molest?

A: Yes.

Q: You also agree with me that you are aware that the Philippines provincial
prosecutor had dismissed the complaint by Joy Erhra, correct?

A: Yes.

Q: You agree with me that nowhere in your website do you say that the
[appellant] or the case against the [appellant] has been dismissed, correct?

A: Yes.

36 It was clear that the respondent showed no interest in or inclination to
provide the full context to the 2006 molest allegations, let alone mention the
undisputed fact that the appellant had neither been charged nor convicted of
any molest charges. The molest case, which had been initiated as a private
complaint, was dismissed by the Provincial Prosecutor in the Philippines but
the respondent chose not to regard this as an important fact.

37 The Web post contained a link to an article published by the New Paper in
April 2011 (“New Paper article”). The New Paper article provided a slightly
more balanced account than the respondent’s Web post and does in fact mention
the dismissal of the complaint. Nevertheless, the article went on to mention
that the victim was not contacted by the relevant prosecuting authorities for
follow-up which suggested that her complaint was wrongly dismissed. The
District Judge opined that the respondent had provided the link so that
readers could draw their own conclusions. The link to this article did suggest
an effort towards moderation but the difficulty was that the article itself
was pure hearsay, and the respondent’s intent in drawing attention to the
article was self-serving: it was to support his own belief and claims that the
respondent was at least factually guilty of molest. The article made no
mention of anyone having approached the appellant for his side of the story.

38 To my mind, the New Paper article would probably lead readers to agree with
the respondent. However it cannot be relied upon as evidence of the truth of
the matter. It was no different from all the hearsay material that the
respondent had amassed from his witnesses to support his allegations of the
appellant being an inveterate molester who is a “wolf in a sheep’s skin”.
These witnesses included:

(a) Ms Amelia Dantis Francisco (RW1) who was a Physical Education Teacher at
the University of the East in the Philippines. Ms Francisco testified that the
complainant had informed her that the appellant had molested her (the
complainant).

(b) Ms Mona Liza Evangelista Mendoza (RW2) who was a Physical Education
Professor in Bulacan State University in the Philippines and a Coach with the
Women’s Athletics Team. Ms Mendoza claimed that the complainant had told her
that the appellant had molested her (the complainant).

(c) Ms Maria Lydia De Vega Mercado (RW3) who claimed that she had
conversations over Facebook with persons who had interacted with the
complainant.

39 The District Judge ought not to have admitted the respondent’s witnesses’
affidavits in support of the molest allegations. They were of no assistance to
the court if all they purported to show was that conversations had taken place
between the witnesses and various other persons including the complainant.

40 More alarmingly, the respondent had propagated half-truths or outright lies
to persuade readers to see (and shun) the appellant not only as a liar,
fraudster and cheat, but as an incorrigible serial molester. He was adamant on
conveying the false impression that the appellant was both factually and
legally guilty of molest despite the fact that he has neither been charged nor
convicted for any such offence.

41 In this connection, the respondent’s claim to have “court documents” to
support his allegations was clearly a fabrication. It was not disputed that no
charges were preferred in court as the complaint was “dismissed for lack of
probable cause”. Curiously, the District Judge considered that the
respondent’s reference to the purported “court documents” showed that the
respondent had made “genuine and substantial efforts to support the statement
he was making”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROA Vol 1 p 122 at [113D].

With respect, there was no basis for such a finding. It was common ground that
the respondent was never prosecuted in any court, hence the idea that there
can be any supporting “court documents” was a complete fiction.

42 In my judgment, the Web post, when read as a whole, was intended to show
that the appellant was guilty of molest and was a repeat offender who somehow
managed to evade detection and prosecution for other numerous unreported
cases. It was therefore clear to me that the respondent’s conduct fell within
both ss 3 and 4 of the POHA, having used abusive and insulting words with the
intent to cause harassment, alarm or distress, and these words were seen and
perceived by the appellant.

Stage 2: reasonable conduct defence

43 Moving to the second stage of the inquiry, this pertained to whether the
respondent had shown that his conduct was reasonable. It must be said that
what amounts to reasonable conduct is heavily fact-specific and dependent on
the unique circumstances of each case. In responding to questions from the
members of the House on the Protection from Harassment Bill, Minister for Law
Mr K Shanmugam outlined some factors that should be considered when
determining the reasonableness of conduct (see Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (13 March 2014) vol 91):

… Reasonableness of conduct is a defence to all of the offences under the Bill
and the Court will have to consider, inter alia: the nature of the allegedly
offending act in question; the context in which those acts occurred; and the
effect of those actions on the victim …

[emphasis added]

I found these factors, namely the nature and context of the offending acts
along with their effect on the victim, to be apposite to consider in the
present case.

44 This was not a straightforward case where all the statements were either
true and fact-based or all pure fabrication. I agreed with the District
Judge’s finding that the Web post was not xenophobic. But it was patently a
vituperative post. The respondent’s motive was to “name and shame” the
appellant. He was out to disparage and denigrate the appellant, while
ostensibly seeking to warn readers about the appellant’s bad character and
criminal proclivities. The nature and context of the respondent’s actions
clearly showed that they could not be regarded as reasonable conduct by any
measure.

45 The District Judge found that in the context of the Web post, having a
molest “case” would also mean “complaint” to a reasonable reader. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROA Vol 1 p 122 at [113B].

I respectfully disagreed. Not every reasonable reader would be so discerning
as to be able to appreciate a clear and objective distinction between a molest
“case”, a “complaint” and a “conviction”, especially when the alleged molest
case dates from 2006 and there were strongly-worded allegations of “numerous”
other “unreported” cases. It was more likely that most readers would not be
able to make such fine distinctions. The respondent must have recognised this,
since his boldly undisguised intent was to persuade readers to agree that the
appellant was guilty of molest (see [35] above).

46 There were also allegations in the Web post to the effect that the
appellant was continually “taking advantage of the situation” when purportedly
helping his athletes/clients to stretch. The District Judge accepted the
respondent’s explanation that this merely reflected his viewpoint. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROA Vol 1 p 122 at [113D].

The statement in question intimated that the appellant’s “victims” did not
know that he was taking advantage of them and touching them inappropriately on
the pretext of helping them to stretch. The respondent was plainly not open to
other less sinister or more reasonable interpretations. I was unable to see
why this should be considered reasonable conduct on his part if all he could
really see was his own viewpoint which he was insistent on putting across.

47 The District Judge came to the conclusion that it was reasonable for the
respondent to state that the appellant had a molest case against him in the
Philippines. For the reasons mentioned above, this conclusion was against the
weight of the evidence.

48 As for the allegations that the appellant’s training methods were improper
or unethical and had “caused” injuries, there was no factual basis for these
allegations. There could be room for differences in approach and differences
of opinion on the effectiveness of various training methods. It would not be
reasonable in my view to proclaim that the appellant’s allegedly flawed
training methods were the direct cause of injuries to his athletes. With
regard to these allegations, I found that the respondent had once again gone
too far in his statements. The statements in his Web post reflected the degree
of animosity behind his conduct that went beyond mere criticism. In my view,
the Web post read as a whole constituted a personal attack on the appellant on
all fronts. This was manifestly not reasonable conduct.

49 I should add that having “reasons” for saying what the respondent said does
not ipso facto mean that his conduct was “reasonable”. Clearly it could not be
so. His posts went well beyond harsh comment or vocal criticism. They were
highly derisive. Driven by his personal agenda, he harboured bad blood and was
actuated by bad faith. Acting in the name of self-righteous affront or
indignation does not automatically equate to acting in good faith. A person
who has conducted himself reasonably would not resort to personal attacks on
another’s character on his business webpage.

50 I found that the respondent’s conduct was therefore not reasonable even if
there may have been some truth in certain assertions he had made. In this
regard, I accepted that the respondent’s version of how the appellant left the
employment of JS Athletics, ie, that he was terminated by the respondent, to
be more consistent with the overall probabilities. I also agreed that the
appellant had no reasonable basis to lay claim to any involvement with the
Philippines national team whether as a coach or athlete. Having said that, his
JS Athletics name card carried his purported “national” credentials. This was
in all likelihood because the respondent had hastily printed them based on the
strength of the appellant’s representations, without going further to verify
those claims. It was plausible that the respondent was eager to market his
company’s trainers’ credentials which he assumed quite reasonably to be
genuine.

51 With respect to the effect on the appellant, the respondent argued that
there was no proven detrimental effect ie, no harm, damage or injury to the
appellant’s reputation. There was also no apparent serious impact on his
employability since he remained gainfully employed. However, this would not
preclude protection under the POHA if the elements of s 12 are satisfied,
unless the case was clearly de minimis or so minor, frivolous or trifling that
it would not warrant the issuance of a protection order.

52 Was the appellant over-reacting or being oversensitive or thin-skinned? I
did not think so, given the gravity of what was posted and the context of the
posts which were made on a business webpage that was openly accessible to
anyone on the Internet. It was sufficient that one would expect the appellant
to be distressed, applying the objective standard of a reasonable person. The
degree of distress may affect the extent of protection sought and whether it
is indeed just and equitable to make the order. This is the inquiry to which I
now turn.

Whether it was just and equitable to grant the protection order

53 When the appeal was heard on 11 May 2016, my decision in Ting Choon Meng v
Attorney-General and another appeal [2016] 1 SLR 1246 was pending hearing
before the Court of Appeal. In the event, the judgment of the majority dealt
with the range of relevant factors to be considered when deciding whether it
was just and equitable to grant a s 15 POHA order (see Attorney-General v Ting
Choon Meng and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR 373 (“Ting Choon Meng”)). In this
regard, the majority of the Court of Appeal in Ting Choon Meng held at [43]
that:

In summary, the following is a non-exhaustive list of factors which the court
may consider when confronted with an application under s 15 to decide if it is
just and equitable to grant a s 15 order:

(a) the nature of the false statement and the seriousness of the allegation
made;

(b) the purpose of the false statement, for example, whether it is said in
jest or for the purposes of satire;

(c) the impact of the statement on the subject and the degree of adverse
emotional or psychological harm suffered;

(d) the degree to which the false statement has been publicised to the public;

(e) whether the subject has the means to publicise his or her own version of
the truth (and on a channel that is accessible to the readers of the false
statement);

(f) whether the author and/or publisher of the statement has made genuine
efforts to point out that the veracity of the statement is not undisputed; and

(g) the ordinary instances of daily living that may be expected to be
tolerated by reasonable persons.

54 The present case concerned a different remedy under the POHA from what was
sought in Ting Choon Meng, which was a s 15 order. Notwithstanding the
difference in remedy sought, I found the key considerations which are
pertinent to the issue of whether it was just and equitable to grant a s 15
order to be broadly similar to those where a s 12 protection order is sought.
In my view, these factors would include:

(a) the nature and seriousness of the harassing conduct;

(b) the purpose and motive behind the conduct in question;

(c) the impact of the conduct on the victim and the degree of adverse
emotional or psychological harm suffered;

(d) the degree to which the harassing conduct had been made known to the
public;

(e) whether the victim had the means to mitigate or avoid the harassing
conduct;

(f) whether the person behind the conduct had made genuine efforts to ensure
that the conduct would not be misconstrued or misunderstood; and

(g) the ordinary instances of daily living that may be expected to be
tolerated by reasonable persons.

55 Having considered the factors as applied in the present case, I was
satisfied that the necessary threshold was met and that it was just and
equitable to make the protection order.

Protection order against physical harassment

56 For completeness, I turn finally to the allegations of physical harassment.
The appellant must first persuade the court that the harassment had occurred.
The difficulty here was that the versions were in conflict. The District Judge
made specific findings of fact in respect of the conduct complained of and he
found that the degree of distress had not been satisfactorily proved. The
appellant also seemed to have abandoned his pursuit of an order on this ground
on appeal. He did not mount any challenge to the District Judge’s finding. I
therefore deferred to the District Judge’s finding on this aspect and declined
to issue a protection order in respect of physical harassment.

Conclusion

57 In summary, the respondent had not succeeded in establishing a defence of
reasonable conduct. Although I have noted that there was some truth in certain
assertions made by the respondent, I was of the view that the Web post
understood as a whole was harassing to the appellant and the respondent should
not be permitted to maintain its presence on the Internet. I also found it
just and equitable to provide the remedy sought by the appellant.

58 I ordered costs to the appellant here and below fixed at S$12,000 with
reasonable disbursements in addition. This comprised the reversal of the costs
order of S$8,000 made by the District Judge in favour of the respondent (see
[16] above) and the costs of the present appeal fixed at S$4,000 with
reasonable disbursements in addition.

[Afternote]

59 At the time of preparing this grounds of decision, the appellant applied
for additional costs to be awarded on account of counsel having overlooked to
bring certain matters to my attention in the course of the hearing on 3 March
2017. The respondent registered his objections to the application.

60 The appellant’s claims for additional costs mainly relate to the following
events:

(a) The parties’ further written submissions to address Ting Choon Meng;

(b) The appellant’s application to the District Judge for leave to appeal
wherein leave was granted and an order was made for costs to be in the cause;
and

(c) The respondent’s application to the District Judge for security for costs
which the appellant claims was dismissed with costs in the cause.

61 I dismiss the application for costs in relation to the parties’ further
written submissions addressing Ting Choon Meng. The costs incidental to the
further submissions had already been factored into my costs order of S$4,000
for the appeal.

62 As for the applications for leave to appeal and security for costs, these
were heard together by the District Judge on 23 March 2016 and 4 April 2016
and were scheduled for half-day sessions on each day. Having perused the notes
of the District Judge, I observe that the security for costs application was
adjourned to 20 April 2016 and that application was eventually withdrawn with
no order as to costs (contrary to the appellant’s assertion) because parties
had managed to come to an agreement.

63 In the light of the foregoing, I allow the appellant only a further S$800
in costs for the application for leave to appeal since it appears that a
substantial portion of the hearings on 23 March 2016 and 4 April 2016 had
centred on the security for costs application.

See Kee Oon  
Judge

Earnest Lau and Joseph Tham (Chancery Law Corporation) for the appellant;  
Ranjit Singh (Francis Khoo & Lim) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

