Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGCA 55

Civil Appeal No 140 of 2016

Between

| RGA Holdings International Inc  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

(1)| Loh Choon Phing Robin  
---|---  
(2)| Loh Yin Kuan  
  
… Respondents

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Injunctions]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
RGA Holdings International Inc

  
v

  

Loh Choon Phing Robin and another

[2017] SGCA 55

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 140 of 2016  
Chao Hick Tin JA and Judith Prakash JA  
5 July 2017

25 September 2017

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 In the High Court, the appellant, RGA Holdings International Inc (“RGA”),
applied for: (a) an interim prohibitory injunction to restrain Mr Loh Choon
Phing Robin (“Robin Loh”) and Mr Loh Yin Kuan (“Peter Loh”) (collectively “the
respondents”) from parting with, selling, charging or otherwise disposing of
two properties, until the disposal of High Court Suit No 226 of 2016 (“Suit
226”) or further order, and (b) in the alternative, an interim mandatory
injunction that the sale proceeds of the properties be held by its solicitors
as stakeholders pending further order. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Appellant’s Core Bundle (“ACB”) Vol 2 at p 8

The two properties in question are situated at Carpmael Road, Singapore. One
of these properties (“248 Carpmael”) is owned by the first respondent, Robin
Loh, and his wife. The other (“246 Carpmael”) was owned by the second
respondent, Peter Loh, until he sold it in April 2016.

2 The basis for the injunction application was a term of a Share Sale
Agreement between RGA and the respondents, by which the respondents undertook
not to sell the two properties in return for RGA extending loans to KK Asia
Environmental Pte Ltd (“KK Asia”), a company in which they are shareholders.

3 The High Court judge (“the Judge”) dismissed the application: see Forest
Fibers Inc and another v K K Asia Environmental Pte Ltd and others [2017] 3
SLR 823 (“GD”). This was primarily for the reason that the undertaking in the
Share Sale Agreement did not create a caveatable interest in the properties.
In the Judge’s view, all RGA had under the Share Sale Agreement was only a
personal claim against the respondents for breach of their undertaking not to
sell the properties.

4 After hearing from counsel for RGA and also from the respondents, who
appeared in person, we allowed the appeal but only to the extent that we
granted an interim prohibitory injunction to restrain the respondents from
selling 248 Carpmael until the determination of Suit 226 or further order. In
our view, and with respect, the Judge erred in finding that an interim
prohibitory injunction could only be granted if RGA had an interest in land –
in this case, a proprietary interest in the properties. An interim prohibitory
injunction will normally be granted to restrain the breach of a negative
covenant in a contract unless it would cause undue hardship to a defendant. In
such cases, the court is not normally concerned with the balance of
convenience or whether damages would be an adequate remedy, because it is
simply holding the party in breach to the terms of the contract until the
determination of the trial. The undertaking in the Share Sale Agreement not to
sell the two properties was a negative covenant. The respondents had already
breached that undertaking because of Peter Loh’s sale of 246 Carpmael. It was
therefore necessary, in our judgment, to restrain them from selling 248
Carpmael and thereby from continuing to breach their contractual undertaking.

5 We did not grant the mandatory injunction to compel the respondents to pay
over the sale proceeds of 246 Carpmael to its solicitors to be held as
stakeholders pending further order. Since RGA only sought an interim mandatory
injunction as an alternative to the interim prohibitory injunction, there was
strictly speaking no need for us to consider this request in light of our
decision to grant the interim prohibitory injunction. In any event, a high
threshold had to be met for the grant of an interim mandatory injunction and
we did not think that threshold was met here.

6 We now give our reasons for granting an interim prohibitory injunction to
restrain the respondents from selling 248 Carpmael until the determination of
Suit 226 or further order. We will begin by setting out some background to the
case.

Facts

The parties

7 RGA is a Panamanian company. It is the second plaintiff in Suit 226. The
first plaintiff is a Canadian company named Forest Fibers Inc (“Forest
Fibers”). Both companies are in the business of buying, selling and/or
recycling waste material and/or selling recycled products. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

GD at [1]; Statement of Claim (Suit 226) at para 1 (Record Of Appeal “ROA”)
Vol 2 at p 18)

RGA and Forest Fibers share a common director and sole shareholder, a Canadian
national by the name of Mr Colubriale Domenico (“Mr Domenico”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

GD at [1]

8 Peter Loh and Robin Loh are each directors and 25% shareholders of KK Asia,
4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Claim (Suit 226) at para 3 (ROA Vol 2 at p 19)

a Singaporean company in the same business as RGA. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

GD at [2]

KK Asia, Robin Loh and Peter Loh are the first, second and third defendants in
Suit 226. Robin Loh is Peter Loh’s son.

The Share Sale Agreement

9 The Share Sale Agreement was entered into on 9 July 2015 between RGA and the
respondents. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ACB Vol 2 at pp 10–15

It came about because the respondents had invited Mr Domenico or one of the
companies he was associated with to invest and be an equal business partner in
KK Asia. As a result, RGA agreed to invest in KK Asia. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROA Vol 3 at p 10, paras 11–12

10 Pursuant to cl 2.1 read with cl 1.1 of the Share Sale Agreement, RGA was to
purchase 50% of the shares in KK Asia from the respondents for US$200,000
(Robin Loh and Peter Loh each held 33% of the shares in KK Asia prior to the
execution of the Sale Share Agreement). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ACB Vol 2 at p 10

Having paid the purchase price, RGA presently holds 50% of the shares in KK
Asia. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ACB Vol 2 at p 16, para 13

Clauses 3.1–3.3 of the Share Sale Agreement deal with the process for
completing the sale of the shares and grant RGA an option to sell back the
shares to the respondents. For the purposes of the appeal, there was no need
for us to concern ourselves with the clauses dealing with the sale of the
shares by the respondents to RGA.

11 Clauses 3.4–3.7 of the Share Sale Agreement were germane to this appeal as
they formed the basis for some of the claims by RGA against the respondents in
Suit 226; cl 3.7 was also the basis for RGA’s application for an injunction.
We reproduce them here:

3\. Completion and Undertakings

…

3.4 [RGA] undertakes to extend a loan of up to US$30,000.00 to [KK Asia] to
finance its operations upon the request of the [respondents] to be made on or
before 1 October 2015.

3.5 The [respondents] acknowledge that [KK Asia] is indebted to [RGA] for the
sum of US$120,000.00 being a previous loan extended by [RGA] to [KK Asia]. The
[respondents], jointly and severally, undertake that in the event that [KK
Asia] fails to fully repay the said sum of US$120,000.00 plus simple interest
at 5% per annum to [RGA] by 30 December 2016, they will pay 50% of the
outstanding balance to [RGA] by 31 December 2016 and the balance 50% of the
outstanding balance shall be absorbed and/or waived by [RGA].

3.6 The Parties acknowledge that there is a rolling account of accounts
payable by [KK Asia] to [Forest Fibers]. In the event that [KK Asia] is unable
to pay such outstandings which are overdue, the [respondents] undertake to pay
50% of the said overdue outstandings and [RGA] undertakes to pay the balance
of 50% of the said overdue outstandings to [Forest Fibers].

3.7 In light of the aforesaid undertakings, the [respondents] further
undertake not to sell their respective properties at [248 Carpmael] and [246
Carpmael].

Procedural History

RGA lodges caveats over the properties

12 According to an affidavit filed by Mr Domenico in Suit 226, it became clear
to him, a few months after the Share Sale Agreement had been signed, that the
respondents were “abandoning” KK Asia. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROA Vol 3 at p 13, para 23

Anticipating that RGA might file a claim against KK Asia or the respondents,
Mr Domenico instructed his solicitors to lodge a caveat against each of the
properties. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

GD at [17]; ROA Vol 3 at p 13, para 24

The solicitors did so on 21 September 2015 in RGA’s name.

Forest Fibers and RGA commence Suit 226

13 On 9 March 2016, Forest Fibers and RGA commenced Suit 226 against KK Asia
and the respondents. There were three groups of overlapping claims. First,
Forest Fibers claimed, against KK Asia, the repayment of loans it had extended
to KK Asia, allegedly via an oral agreement. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Statement of Claim (Suit 226) at paras 6 to 10 (ROA Vol 2, pp 19–20)

The loans amounted to US$59,488.38.

14 Second, RGA claimed, against KK Asia, the repayment of four loans it had
extended to the latter between May and July 2015, amounting to US$149,578.05.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Statement of Claim (Suit 226) at paras 11-–18 (ROA Vol 2 at pp 20–22)

15 Third, as against the respondents, RGA had three claims. The first claim
was for a sum of US$29,744.19. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Statement of Claim (Suit 226) at paras 19-–24 (ROA Vol 2 at pp 22-24)

RGA asserted that the respondents were liable for this amount because:

(a) KK Asia failed to repay loans totalling $59,488.38 to Forest Fibers
pursuant to an oral agreement (see [13]); and

(b) Pursuant to cl 3.6 of the Share Sale Agreement, RGA was entitled to demand
50% of that sum from the respondents, which was US$29,744.19. The respondents
did not respond to this demand; hence this claim against them was made.

16 The second claim was for a sum of US$74,789.02. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Statement of Claim (Suit 226) at paras 25–34 (ROA Vol 2 at pp 24-25)

RGA asserted that the respondents were liable for this amount for the
following reasons:

(a) Clause 3.5 obliged the respondents to repay 50% of the US$120,000 loan in
the event that KK Asia failed to do repay the full loan;

(b) The respondents’ undertaking in cl 3.5, RGA argued, also extended to the
US$30,000 mentioned in cl 3.4. This was not reflected in cl 3.5 and,
accordingly, RGA sought rectification of cl 3.5.

(c) Therefore, pursuant to the Share Sale Agreement, as rectified, the
respondents guaranteed the repayment of 50% of US$150,000. The actual loans
disbursed by RGA to KK Asia amounted to US$149,578.05. KK Asia had failed to
repay the outstanding amount of US$149,578.05, as mentioned at [14].

(d) RGA therefore demanded that the respondents repay 50% of the outstanding
amount, ie, US$74,789.02, but they did not; hence RGA made this claim for that
amount against the respondents.

17 Third, RGA asked for a declaration that it is the equitable chargee of the
properties under the Share Sale Agreement. It pleaded that, by way of cl 3.7,
the respondents created a fixed charge over the properties in favour of Forest
Fibers and RGA as security for the various personal undertakings given by them
in cll 3.5 and 3.6 of the Share Sale Agreement. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Statement of Claim (Suit 226) at para 35 (ACB Vol 2 at p 25)

18 KK Asia and the respondents denied that they were liable to repay any of
those sums. They also have a counterclaim against Forest Fibers amounting to
US$508,259.79. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defence and Counterclaim at para 37 (ROA Vol 2 at p 34)

Application to cancel the caveats and sale of 246 Carpmael

19 On 22 February 2016, the respondents filed an application to cancel the
caveats. On 24 February 2016, the Singapore Land Authority notified RGA that
the caveats would be cancelled unless it obtained and served, on the Registrar
of Titles, an order of court to the contrary by 28 March 2016. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ACB Vol 2 at p 23

20 Hence, on 16 March 2016, RGA filed Summons 1255 of 2016 (“Sum 1255”) asking
that (a) the caveats on the properties be maintained, or (b) the respondents
be restrained from cancelling the caveats, or (c) the respondents’ application
to cancel the caveats be suspended. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

GD at [20]

21 On 28 March 2016, the caveats were cancelled – the hearing of Sum 1255 did
not proceed in time. Peter Loh then sold 246 Carpmael in April 2016 for
$2,350,000. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROA Vol 3 at p 61

High Court dismisses application to maintain caveats

22 On 13 April 2016, Aedit Abdullah JC heard Sum 1255. As the caveats had
already been cancelled, he allowed RGA to amend the summons to one seeking an
order that they be allowed to file and maintain caveats against the
properties. Even then, he dismissed the application based on this amended
summons. His reasons could be summarised as follows: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ACB Vol 2 at p 25–27

(a) The test for whether the plaintiffs should be allowed to file a new caveat
should be the same as the test for granting an interim injunction – that is,
whether there was a serious issue to be tried.

(b) There was no serious issue to be tried. Clause 3.7 of the Sale Share
Agreement did not create any caveatable interest in land. The respondents’
undertaking in cl 3.7 not to sell their property did not amount to them
putting up their property as security. The parties probably agreed to the
undertaking in cl 3.7 to “preserve the position” pending determination of
whether security needed to be given. What that undertaking created was not a
security interest but, at most, “the expectation or possibility” that a
security interest might be given down the line.

RGA applies for an injunction

23 On 23 May 2016, RGA filed Summons 2494 of 2016 (“Sum 2494”) 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ACB Vol 2 at p 8

which had three prayers:

(a) That the respondents be restrained from selling, charging or in any way
disposing of the properties (246 Carpmael and 248 Carpmael) until the final
determination of Suit 226 or further order;

(b) In the alternative, that any sale proceeds from the sale of the properties
(less mortgage repayment, CPF repayment, agent fees and solicitors fees) be
paid to and held by its solicitors as stakeholders pending further order; and

(c) That the respondents provide RGA with the contact details of the
purchasers of 246 Carpmael. On appeal, RGA did not pursue this third prayer.

Decision below

24 Before the Judge, RGA argued that in selling 246 Carpmael, the respondents
had clearly breached the negative covenant in cl 3.7 of the Share Sale
Agreement; it followed that they should be compelled to keep their contractual
promise (GD at [23]). The respondents made a number of arguments in response,
one of which was that Sum 1255 had already been dismissed by Abdullah JC (GD
at [31]).

25 On 3 June 2017 the Judge heard and dismissed Sum 2494, observing that RGA’s
application for an injunction was “similar to what [it] had tried to obtain
from JC Abdullah in [Sum 1255]”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROA Vol 3 at p 283

She explained her reasoning in greater detail in the GD which she subsequently
issued.

26 According to the GD, the Judge’s primary reason for dismissing the
application was that RGA had no caveatable interest in the properties. In her
view, the cases cited by RGA as authority for the grant of an injunction for
breach of a negative covenant could be distinguished because they related to
negative covenants concerning immovable property or leases. RGA was wrongly
attempting to “elevate a personal undertaking given by the [respondents] into
a negative covenant pertaining to land” (GD at [51]). It had no caveatable
interest in land, only a claim against the respondents for breach of their
undertakings in cl 3.7 (GD at [57]). The Judge thus concluded that RGA was
seeking “via the ‘backdoor’” and by an interim injunction what had been denied
by Abdullah JC in Sum 1255. If RGA “had no basis to lodge the Caveats, it most
certainly had no basis to apply for an injunction” (GD at [58]).

27 There appeared to be another reason why the Judge did not grant the
injunction. She did not think the respondents had “deliberately breached a
negative covenant merely by a breach of the undertaking in cl 3.7” (GD at
[56]). KK Asia was indebted to Standard Chartered Bank (“StanChart”) for a
loan that had been guaranteed by the respondents. Thus, the sale of 246
Carpmael might have been to meet the bank’s demand for repayment, by a certain
deadline, of a sum of money. Had Peter Loh not sold off 246 Carpmael to repay
that debt, there was “every likelihood” that the bank would have foreclosed on
and sold the property (GD at [55]–[56]).

Our decision

The applicable legal principles

28 The general rule, which is well accepted, is that a court will grant an
interim injunction to preserve the status quo pending trial if: (a) there is a
serious question to be tried; and (b) the balance of convenience lies in
favour of granting the injunction. As this court suggested in Chuan Hong
Petrol Station Pte Ltd v Shell Singapore (Pte) Ltd [1992] 2 SLR(R) 1 (“Chuan
Hong”) at [88], the general rule is founded on the fundamental principle that:

… the court should take whichever course appears to carry the lower risk of
injustice if it should turn out to have been wrong at trial in the sense of
granting relief to a party who fails to establish his rights at the trial, or
of failing to grant relief to a party who succeeds at the trial.

A similar pronouncement can be found in Maldives Airports Co Ltd and another v
GMR Male International Airport Pte Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 449 at [53], where this
court said that this principle is necessary because the court is asked to
assess the balance of convenience at an early stage and based only on
affidavit evidence.

29 Interim injunctions may be of two kinds, prohibitory and mandatory. Interim
injunctions are prohibitory if they forbid the commission or continuance of an
act. They are mandatory if that they compel the defendant to do some positive
act to repair an omission or restore the status quo by undoing some act.

30 The general rule applies to interim prohibitory injunctions except in one
particular situation: when a defendant is about to breach, or has already
breached, a negative covenant in a contract, and the interim prohibitory
injunction sought is to restrain a prospective breach or a further breach, as
the case may be. We will expand on this principle from [32] onwards.

31 The general rule also does not apply where an interim mandatory injunction
is sought. Such an injunction is “a very exceptional discretionary remedy” and
there is thus “a much higher threshold to be met in order to persuade the
court to grant such an injunction as compared to an ordinary prohibitive
injunction” (NCC International AB v Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd [2008]
2 SLR(R) 565 (“NCC International”) at [75]; see also Chuan Hong at [84]).
Various phrases have been used to express the need for caution in granting an
interim mandatory injunction. It has thus been said that such an injunction
should only be granted if there are “special circumstances” (NCC International
at [75]), in a “clear case” or if there is a “high degree of assurance” that
it will appear at trial to have been rightly granted (see Chuan Hong at
[85]–[86]). The need for caution arises from the recognition that an interim
mandatory injunction is a more invasive remedy and, as such, may lead to
irreversible prejudice to a defendant. A court must therefore be sure, in
accordance with the fundamental principle described above, that the grant of
the interim mandatory injunction is indeed the course of action which carries
the lower risk of injustice – in other words, that the prejudice to the
applicant from not granting the interim mandatory injunction outweighs that to
the defendant from granting it. This will not be an easy hurdle to surmount.

32 When a defendant is about to breach, or has already breached, a negative
covenant in a contract, an interim prohibitory injunction will readily be
granted to restrain a prospective breach or a further breach, as the case may
be. A clear exposition of the applicable principles may be found in Chitty on
Contracts Vol 1 (Hugh Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 32nd Ed, 2015) (“Chitty
on Contracts”) at paras 27-065 and 27-067. We summarise these principles as
follows:

(a) A prohibitory injunction to restrain the breach of a negative stipulation
in a contract is normally granted as a matter of course.

(b) The court is not concerned with the balance of convenience. That damages
would be an adequate remedy is not generally a relevant consideration.

(c) As the remedy is an equitable one, it is in principle discretionary, and
it may be refused on the ground that it would cause particular hardship as to
be oppressive to the defendant. But the burden caused by having to observe the
contract does not qualify as hardship.

(d) These principles above apply equally to the grant of a final injunction as
they do to the grant of an interim injunction.

This is the same position expressed in the other standard reference works: see
Edwin Peel, Treitel on the Law of Contract (Sweet & Maxwell, 13th Ed, 2011) at
paras 21-051 and 21-053; Tham Chee Ho, “Non-compensatory Remedies” in Ch 23,
The Law of Contract in Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy
Publishing, 2012) at paras 23.156 and 23.159; Steven Gee QC, Commercial
Injunctions (Sweet & Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2016) (“Commercial Injunctions”) at
paras 2-012 to 2-014).

33 In other words, the general rule we mentioned at [28] does not apply to an
application for an interim prohibitory injunction where the defendant is about
to breach, or has already breached, a negative covenant in a contract; the
court in such a case does not ask itself whether there is a serious question
to be tried and whether the balance of convenience is in favour of granting
such an interim injunction. The reason for this position, which favours the
grant of an injunction, has been put by Steven Gee in this way at para 2-014
of Commercial Injunctions:

There is a strong policy for enforcing bargains and this goes to the extent of
enforcing a negative covenant. There is a strong presumption that the covenant
will be enforced by injunction, albeit the matter remains discretionary.

In line with this strong policy for enforcing bargains, any argument that
granting an injunction to uphold a contractual bargain would cause hardship
should be “treated with some scepticism, since the defendant has undertaken
the obligation voluntarily”: David Bean, Isabel Parry & Andrew Burns,
Injunctions (Thomson Reuters, 11th Ed, 2012) at para 2-10. It is for this
reason that an injunction will only be refused if a defendant shows hardship
over and above that which results from having to observe the contract.

34 We think it would be useful to retrace the route that the law has taken to
reach this position given that there appears to be little direct authority on
this in our jurisprudence.

35 The starting point is commonly taken to be an obiter comment by Lord Cairns
LC in Richard Wheeler Doherty v James Clagston Allman (1878) 3 App Cas 709
(“Doherty”). It was obiter because the case concerned the breach of a positive
contractual obligation. Before turning to address that issue, however, Lord
Cairns paused to make the following observation (at 719–720):

…if there had been a negative covenant, I apprehend, according to a well-
settled practice, a Court of Equity would have had no discretion to exercise.
If parties, for valuable consideration, with their eyes open, contract that a
particular thing shall not be done, all that a Court of Equity has to do is to
say, by way of injunction, that which the parties have already said by way of
covenant, that the thing shall not be done; and in such case the injunction
does nothing more than give the sanction of the process of the Court to that
which already is the contract between the parties. It is not then a question
of the balance of convenience or inconvenience, or of the amount of damage or
injury – it is the specific performance, by the Court, of that negative
bargain which the parties have made, with their eyes open, between themselves.

36 Although Doherty concerned the grant of a final (or “perpetual”)
injunction, this statement of principle by Lord Cairns was applied in the
context of interim injunctions in Hampstead & Suburban Properties v Diomedous
[1968] 3 WLR 990 (“Hampstead”). There, Megarry J rejected an argument by the
party seeking to resist the grant of an injunction that Lord Cairns’ words in
Doherty had no application to an interim injunction. That they were obiter and
uttered in a case concerning final injunctions did not, in his view, “preclude
[them] from having any weight or cogency in relation to an interlocutory
injunction” (at 997). Megarry J then continued:

Where there is a plain and uncontested breach of a clear covenant not to do a
particular thing, and the covenantor promptly begins to do what he has
promised not to do, then in the absence of special circumstances it seems to
me that the sooner he is compelled to keep his promise the better. In such a
case I do not think that the enforceability of the defendant’s obligation
falls into two stages, so that between the issue of the writ and the trial the
defendant will be enjoined only if that is dictated by the balance of
convenience and so on, and not until the trial will Lord Cairns’ statement
come into its own.

37 Two points are worth emphasising. First, this statement affirms that the
balance of convenience test does not apply when what is sought is an interim
prohibitory injunction to restrain the breach of a negative covenant – Megarry
J rejected the idea that the defendant would only be enjoined if that was
“dictated by the balance of convenience”. Second, Megarry J said that an
interim prohibitory injunction should normally be granted “in the absence of
special circumstances”. That qualifies Lord Cairns’ statement, which is in
more absolute terms, that a court would have had “no discretion to exercise”
as long as the injunction was sought to restrain a breach of a negative
covenant (see [35] above).

38 Indeed, courts in Australia and Hong Kong have, while adopting Lord Cairns’
statement in Doherty, eschewed the idea that a court would have “no discretion
to exercise” when what is sought is a prohibitory injunction to restrain the
breach of a negative covenant. In the High Court of Australia’s decision of
Dalgety Wine Estates Pty Ltd v Rizzon (1979) 141 CLR 552, Gibbs J said (at
560) that Lord Cairns’ statement about there being no discretion appeared to
be an “overstatement” and Mason J said (at 573) that it was “not accurate”.
Nonetheless the court was in accord with the general principle that an
injunction would normally be granted to restrain a breach of a negative
covenant. It cited with approval (at 560) the following statement of principle
from its previous decision in J C Williamson Ltd v Lukey and Mulholland (1931)
45 CLR 282 at 299:

If…a clear legal duty is imposed by contract to refrain from some act, then,
prima facie, an injunction should go to restrain the doing of that act. It
appears to be of little importance now whether the duty is imposed by a term
of the contract expressed in negative or affirmative language.

39 In the Hong Kong Court of Appeal’s decision of The Incorporated Owners of
South Seas Centre, Mody Road v Great Treasure Development Ltd [1994] HKCA 416,
Godfrey JA said that Lord Cairns’ statement had never been cited to “exclude
altogether the general discretionary considerations which always fall to be
considered when the question for the court to decide is whether or not to
grant an interlocutory injunction” (at [14]). Godfrey JA then formulated the
applicable principles as follows:

Where a defendant is proposing to act in breach of an express negative
stipulation binding upon him he will normally be enjoined from doing so, and,
save in exceptional cases, damages will not be regarded as an adequate remedy;
but the defendant may nonetheless be able to establish special circumstances
of such a nature that the hardship that the making of the order would cause
him would so far outweigh the inconvenience to the plaintiff through denying
the plaintiff specific relief that the court considers that its intervention
would be unjust, In addition, general discretionary considerations, such as
unfairness, acquiescence or delay, may make the grant of an interlocutory
injunction inappropriate.

We agree that the “general discretionary considerations” as mentioned in this
extract may be considered in deciding whether or not the grant of an interim
prohibitory injunction would be appropriate.

40 The cases above contemplate that this particular rule on injunctions
applies to restrain all manner of breaches of negative contractual
obligations. But, in the present case, the Judge found that the principles in
Doherty and Hampstead were inapplicable because they had “nothing to do with
negative or any covenants concerning immoveable property or leases” (GD at
[51]). There is, however, clear authority that this particular rule is not
limited in this way, although it should be said in fairness that this
authority was not cited to the Judge. In Vefa Ibrahim Araci v Kieren Fallon
[2011] EWCA Civ 668 (“Araci v Fallon”), an interim prohibitory injunction was
granted to restrain a jockey from acting in breach of a negative covenant in
his contract with a racehorse owner not to ride a rival owner’s horse; the
injunction was necessary because the jockey had informed the owner a week
before a derby that he would be riding a rival owner’s horse. This case did
not concern any negative covenant pertaining to land, yet the court applied
the principles articulated in Doherty and Hampstead in reaching its decision.
With respect, therefore, we could not endorse the Judge’s attempt to confine
the principles in Doherty and Hampstead to breaches of negative covenants
pertaining to land.

41 We would make two further comments about Araci v Fallon. First, it appears
that there was no consensus between the two Lord Justices who heard the appeal
about whether the adequacy of damages was a relevant consideration in
determining whether an injunction should be granted to restrain a breach of a
negative covenant. Jackson LJ found that it was a relevant consideration and
went on to find that an award of damages in lieu of an injunction would not be
an adequate remedy (at [53]). Elias LJ, on the other hand, found that the
adequacy of damages was “not generally a relevant consideration when the
injunction restrains the breach of a negative covenant”, because the court was
simply enforcing the bargain of the parties (at [70]).

42 We prefer the view that the adequacy of damages is not a relevant
consideration. We note that this is the position taken in academic works such
as Commercial Injunctions at para 2-014 and Chitty on Contracts at para
27-065. This appears to us correct as a matter of policy. If a plaintiff seeks
an interim prohibitory injunction to restrain a defendant from breaching, or
continuing to breach, a negative covenant, the court, in refusing the
injunction, would essentially be allowing a defendant to breach his
contractual obligations on the basis that the plaintiff can be compensated for
this by damages later. The court would effectively be releasing the defendant
from its contractual bargain. It does not seem right to us that the court
should lend its aid to such a course of conduct, unless the circumstances are
exceptional – for example, if not doing so would cause undue hardship to the
defendant. Otherwise, the court should, where possible, uphold contractual
bargains (provided of course that there has been or will be a clear breach of
a negative covenant).

43 The second comment concerns the relevance of the manner in which a
defendant has breached or is about to breach the negative covenant. In Araci v
Fallon, Elias LJ held that an injunction may be refused if it is oppressive,
but that it would hardly be oppressive to prevent one from “acting in cynical
disregard of the obligations he has voluntarily undertaken” (at [70]). Jackson
LJ echoed this point in explaining why the judge below had been wrong to
refuse the injunction: he said that the defendant “voluntarily entered into a
contract for substantial reward containing both positive and negative
obligations” and there was nothing special about the world of racing entitling
the major players to “act in flagrant breach of contract”; therefore, the
defendant’s promise should be enforced (at [65]). In a similar vein, Steven
Gee QC notes that “[u]nreasonable or heavy-handed conduct in breach of a
negative covenant can be a strong factor reinforcing the case for an
injunction” (Commercial Injunctions at para 2-014). These statements show that
it is hardly right to refuse an injunction when a defendant has breached a
negative covenant deliberately or is about to do so.

44 We should add that prior to this case, the only decision of our courts
which appears to have considered Doherty and Hampstead was Rajaram v Ganesh
(trading as Golden Harvest Trading Corp) and others [1994] 3 SLR(R) 79. The
judge in that case made reference to the principle that where there was a
clear breach of a negative covenant, the balance of convenience test would not
apply (at [27]–[28]). However, the case is not a direct authority for
determining when a prohibitory injunction would be granted to restrain a
breach of a negative covenant. The interim injunction in that case had been
granted to restrain a bank from calling on, invoking or encashing a guarantee
on the ground that it knew that the person for whose benefit the guarantee had
been issued had not complied with a condition for the issue of the guarantee.
Thus, the bank would be participating in the beneficiary’s breach by paying
money to him under the guarantee. In other words, the interim injunction
against the bank was not based on its own breach of any negative covenant but
on its knowledge of the beneficiary’s breach of the terms of the guarantee. In
this regard, although, like the Judge, we had doubts about the relevance of
this case to the present application, our reasons for so thinking differed
from hers (see GD at [45]).

Application to the facts

Prohibitory injunction

45 We now explain why we granted the interim prohibitory injunction to
restrain the respondents from selling 248 Carpmael, thus reversing the Judge’s
decision in this regard.

46 In our view, and with respect, the Judge’s first reason for refusing to
grant the injunction was based on an error. The Judge erred in assuming that
because cl 3.7 of the Share Sale Agreement did not create any interest in land
in favour of RGA, thus giving RGA no basis for lodging a caveat against the
properties, RGA could not obtain an interim prohibitory injunction to prevent
a breach of the negative covenant in the Share Sale Agreement. By making this
assumption, she was led to the conclusion that since Abdullah JC had dismissed
RGA’s application in Sum 1255 to lodge caveats against the properties, it
should follow that RGA’s application for an injunction should similarly be
dismissed.

47 However, the fact that there was no interest in land, and hence no basis
for lodging a caveat, could not conclusively determine whether an injunction
could be granted. In assuming that an interim prohibitory injunction could
only be granted if RGA had a caveatable interest in the properties, the Judge
conflated the contractual right of RGA to insist that the respondents not sell
their properties with a proprietary right in those properties. Whether RGA
also has a proprietary interest (by way of a charge, as it claims) is an issue
that will be decided in Suit 226 itself. At this stage, RGA was only seeking
to enforce a contractual right that it undoubtedly has in cl 3.7 of the Share
Sale Agreement. As we have mentioned, there is clear authority that an interim
prohibitory injunction will normally be granted to restrain the breach of a
negative covenant in a contract because that gives effect to the contract
between the parties. To adapt Megarry J’s words in Hampstead, the respondents
here promptly began to do what they had promised not to do. In the absence of
special circumstances, the sooner they were compelled to keep their promise,
the better.

48 We did not think there were such special circumstances in the present case.
The only reason the respondents could put forth to resist the grant of the
injunction was that they were in financial difficulty. Ordinarily, that would
not have constituted a good enough reason for not holding them to their
contractual bargain. There was no suggestion that their financial difficulties
were particularly grave or dire such that the grant of the injunction might
cause them undue hardship. In fact, they had informed the Judge during the
hearing below that they had no intention of selling 248 Carpmael. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ROA Vol 3 at p 279, lines 5–7

That afforded an additional reason for us to think that the grant of the
injunction would not cause them any undue hardship.

49 In any event, as we informed the respondents during the hearing of this
appeal, if they should need to sell 248 Carpmael, it was open to them to apply
to lift the interim prohibitory injunction. But they would need to show that
the continued existence of the injunction would cause them undue hardship or
be oppressive.

50 We were also not convinced by the second reason given by the Judge for
refusing the injunction – that is, that the respondents had not deliberately
breached cl 3.7.

51 The Judge thought that the respondents might have been “forced by
circumstances” to sell 246 Carpmael in order to stave off legal proceedings.
But that did not mean that the breach of cl 3.7 was not deliberate. The
respondents (specifically, Peter Loh) still chose to sell 246 Carpmael despite
knowing that cl 3.7 obliged them not to sell the properties. It was true that
StanChart had informed KK Asia by a letter dated 25 January 2016 that the
latter was in default under the terms of their banking facility which was
secured by a mortgage over 246 Carpmael. StanChart warned that it would take
steps to protect their interests including commencing legal proceedings
against the mortgagor. But there was no evidence that StanChart, as the
mortgagee, had foreclosed on 246 Carpmael. Had that been what happened, it
might be asked whether there was in fact a breach of the negative covenant in
cl 3.7 in the first place. We noted that the mortgage was executed in favour
of StanChart even before the respondents had entered into the Share Sale
Agreement – the title search on 246 Carpmael showed that StanChart lodged a
caveat as mortgagee on 21 October 2014. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Record of Appeal Vol 3 at p 61

However, these were not the facts before us. As far as the evidence in this
case showed, the respondents made the conscious decision to sell 246 Carpmael.
That was a deliberate breach of cl 3.7.

52 In any event, even assuming that the respondents’ breach of cl 3.7 had not
been deliberate, that only meant that the case for an injunction was not as
strong as it otherwise would have been. As we highlighted at [43], if a
defendant has acted in deliberate or even flagrant breach of a contractual
obligation, a court is less likely to have any hesitation in granting the
injunction. However, it does not follow that an injunction can only be granted
if the breach is deliberate. As long as the breach is uncontested, the cases
show that the injunction should be granted as a matter of course to prevent a
continued breach of that obligation.

Mandatory injunction

53 However, we found no reason to grant the interim mandatory injunction to
compel the respondents to pay over to RGA’s solicitors the net sale proceeds
of 246 Carpmael. Since it was an alternative prayer to its prayer for the
interim prohibitory injunction, there was strictly speaking no need for us to
deal with it. In any case, as we have said at [31] above, the threshold for
granting such an injunction was a high one. We were not persuaded that this
threshold had been crossed.

54 RGA argued that the risk of injustice to them if the mandatory injunction
were refused was far greater than the risk of injustice to the respondents if
the injunction were granted. It contended that there was a risk, in light of
the respondents’ precarious financial situation, that any judgment it obtained
against them would be a paper judgment. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Appellant’s Case at para 89

55 We could not see why RGA should be placed in a better situation than any
other creditor of the respondents. As we mentioned, until Suit 226 was heard
and the effect of cl 3.7 determined, RGA could not be said to have any
security in the properties or their sale proceeds. Before us, RGA readily
accepted this. Counsel for RGA explained during the hearing of the appeal that
they would only hold the sale proceeds as a stakeholder; were any creditor to
come to it and assert, for example, that it had an enforceable judgment
against the respondents, they would have to satisfy that creditor’s judgment
debt from the sale proceeds held by them. But that would only raise the
question as to the purpose of compelling the respondents to pay over the sale
proceeds to RGA’s solicitors in the first place.

Conclusion

56 For the reasons given, we allowed the appeal to the extent mentioned at [4]
above. We ordered the respondents to pay RGA the costs of the appeal fixed at
$15,000. We also made the usual consequential orders.

Chao Hick Tin Judith Prakash  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal  

K Muralitherapany and Ng Lip Kai (Joseph Tan Jude Benny LLP) for the
Appellant;  
The Respondents in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

