Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 04

Suit No 132 of 2016 (Registrar’s Appeal No 323 of 2016)

Between

Kim Seng Orchid Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Lim Kah Hin (trading as Yik Zhuan Orchid Garden)  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Landlord and tenant] – [Subleases] – [Rights of sublessees] – [Renewal of
sublease]

[Contract] – [Formation] – [Acceptance]

[Civil procedure] – [Summary judgment] – [Effect of counterclaim]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Kim Seng Orchid Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Lim Kah Hin (trading as Yik Zhuan Orchid Garden)

  

[2017] SGHC 04

High Court — Suit No 132 of 2016 (Registrar’s Appeal No 323 of 2016)  
Chan Seng Onn J  
3 October 2016

11 January 2017

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff sub-leased part of its premises to the defendant. The sub-
lease agreement contained a contractual mechanism for renewal or extension of
the sub-lease. By the time the sub-lease expired, the defendant had not sought
to trigger that mechanism. Instead, the defendant simply remained in
occupation and began plying the plaintiff with cheques for purported payment
of rental and property tax, none of which the plaintiff accepted or encashed.
The plaintiff then commenced legal action to repossess the occupied premises
and the defendant argued that it was entitled to continue in occupation
because there was an implied agreement between the parties for a renewal of
the sub-lease. The plaintiff sought and was granted summary judgment. I
dismissed the defendant’s appeal against the assistant registrar’s decision.

2 One of the arguments raised by the defendant on appeal was that he should
have been granted unconditional leave to defend in light of his subsisting
counterclaim. This raised before me the issue of the proper approach to be
taken to applications for summary judgment where the defendant has brought a
counterclaim. Over the years, a number of principles have been outlined in the
case law on various aspects of this overall inquiry. In these grounds, I seek
to amalgamate and reconcile these principles and place them into a practical
framework that may be useful in structuring the analysis.

3 The defendant has appealed against my decision and I now set out my grounds.

Facts

The parties

4 The plaintiff is a company which has the primary business activity of
growing orchids and ornamental plants for sale. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at [1].

5 The defendant is a sole proprietor. He trades as Yik Zhuan Orchid Garden and
is similarly in the business of growing orchids and ornamental plants for
sale. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at [2].

The Premises

6 In 1999, the plaintiff entered into an agreement to lease 11 Lim Chu Kang
Lane 6, Singapore 718927, which is located at Lot 1174X Mukim 12 (“the Leased
Premises”), 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Teo Boon Tiong dated 24 June 2016 at p 6.

from the President of the Republic of Singapore. The lease period was for a
period of 20 years commencing on 18 August 1991. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at [3(i)]; Affidavit of Teo Boon Tiong
dated 24 June 2016 at pp 6-12.

7 The defendant subsequently became an occupier of about 20% of the Leased
Premises. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at [4].

I will refer to the portion of the Leased Premises occupied by the defendant
as “the Sub-Leased Premises”. In 2009, the plaintiff commenced Suit No 765 of
2010/G (“S 765/2010/G”) against the defendant, seeking various relief
including the recovery of Sub-Leased Premises from the defendant, on the basis
that there was no valid or subsisting basis for the defendant to occupy the
Sub-Leased Premises. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at [5].

8 On 20 December 2011, the plaintiff entered into a further lease agreement
with the President of the Republic of Singapore in respect of the Leased
Premises, with a lease period from 18 August 2011 to 31 December 2014. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at [3(iii)]; Affidavit of Teo Boon Tiong
dated 24 June 2016 at pp 25-31.

The Compromise Agreement

9 The dispute between the plaintiff and defendant in S 765/2010/G was settled
with the entry of both parties into a sub-lease agreement on 23 May 2012. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at [6]; Affidavit of Teo Boon Tiong dated
2 August 2016 at pp 6-15.

The parties have referred to this sub-lease agreement as “the Compromise
Agreement” in their submissions and for convenience I will utilise the same
reference. The Compromise Agreement is the central feature of the current
dispute and it is accordingly necessary for me to describe its contents in
some detail.

10 Under the Compromise Agreement, the plaintiff agreed to sub-lease the Sub-
Leased Premises to the defendant. Clause 1 of the Compromise Agreement states:
9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Affidavit of Teo Boon Tiong dated 2 August 2016 at p7.

1\. The Sub-Lease Agreement shall be effective as between the Parties from
23rd May 2012 to 31 December 2014, expressly subject to
extension(s)/renewal(s) as are mutually agreed between the Lessee and Sub-
Lessee. Nothing herein shall bind either of the parties to enter into a
further Sub-Lease Agreement or any extension(s)/renewal(s) beyond 31 December
2014. Further, the Lessee is not under any obligation to renew the Lease
between the Lessee and the Singapore Government or to grant any such lease to
the Sub-Lessee.

As may be observed, cl 1 not only sets out the sub-lease period but also makes
provision for the possible extension or renewal of the sub-lease.

11 Clause 5 places an obligation on the defendant as sub-lessee to pay 20% of
the total sum payable by the plaintiff as sub-lessor to the Singapore Land
Authority (“the SLA”), such total sum being the rental cost paid by the
plaintiff as lessee of the Leased Premises to the SLA as lessor. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Affidavit of Teo Boon Tiong dated 2 August 2016 at p8.

12 Clause 6(b) sets out the requirements and procedure for renewal and
extension of the sub-lease. The relevant portions of cl 6(b) read as follows:
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Affidavit of Teo Boon Tiong dated 2 August 2016 at pp11-12.

Renewal And Extension of The Lease and Sub-Lease Agreement with effect from
1st January 2015

b. Upon the request by the Sub-Lessee no later than 6 months before the expiry
of the current extended Lease on 31 December 2014, the Sub-Lessee shall pay to
the Lessee the sum of S$32,500.00 per annum being ex-gratia payments in
addition to the sub-letting payments contingent upon the renewal or extension
of the Lease and Sub-Lease beyond 31st December 2014, expressly subject to the
mutual agreement of the parties:-

…

iii. The sum of S$32,500.00 shall be paid by the Sub-Lessee to the Lessee
within seven (7) days of receipt of the approval from the Singapore Land
Authority and or any other relevant authority for the time being empowered to
approve the Sub-lease;

iv. For each year of the Lease thereafter, the said sum of $32,500.00 per
annum shall be paid by the Sub-Lessee to the Lessee directly on the 1st day of
each year with expiry of the fresh lease;

…

13 The Compromise Agreement is signed by one Yeo Bee Hua on behalf of the
plaintiff and by the defendant himself. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Affidavit of Teo Boon Tiong dated 2 August 2016 at p15.

Dispute between the parties

14 The plaintiff entered into a further lease agreement with the Government of
the Republic of Singapore on 29 December 2014, extending its lease of the
Premises for 2 years and 6 months. The lease period commenced on 1 January
2015 and would end on 30 June 2017. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at [3(iv)]; Affidavit of Teo Boon Tiong
dated 24 June 2016 at pp 34-61.

15 The defendant did not vacate the Sub-Leased Premises following 31 December
2014. Between 29 December 2014 and 28 January 2015, the defendant sent the
plaintiff the following four cheques:

(a) On 29 December 2014, a cheque for $2,469.38;

(b) On 12 January 2015, two cheques for $5,000 and $15,000 respectively; and

(c) On 28 January 2015, a cheque for $2,469.38.

The defendant claimed that these cheques were for “payment of monthly rent …
and property tax” as well as for “3 months’ rental deposit”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defence and Counterclaim at [9(1)] and [9(2)].

The plaintiff returned all four cheques to the defendant. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defence and Counterclaim at [9(2)].

16 According to the defendant, the plaintiff sent him a letter dated 10
February 2015 informing him that the plaintiff did not agree to a renewal of
the sub-lease under the Compromise Agreement. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defence and Counterclaim at [10]; Defendant’s written submissions dated 29
September 2016 at [115].

17 Thereafter, further cheques were sent by the defendant to the plaintiff,
purportedly for monthly payment of property tax at the rate of $2,469.38 per
month (as the defendant alleges). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defence and Counterclaim at [9(1)]; Affidavit of Lim Jie dated 8 July 2016 at
[19(a)] on p4.

A total of 17 such cheques, each for the sum of $2,469.38, were submitted by
the defendant from March 2015 to July 2016. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defence and Counterclaim at [9(4)]; Affidavit of Lim Jie dated 8 July 2016 at
[19(b)] on pp4-6.

These 17 further cheques were not returned by the plaintiff to the defendant,
but the plaintiff never encashed any of them. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defence and Counterclaim at [9(3)]; Affidavit of Lim Jie dated 8 July 2016 at
[19(d)] on p6.

18 The plaintiff faxed the defendant monthly utilities bills in respect of the
Sub-Leased Premises from January 2015 to May 2016. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Affidavit of Lim Jie dated 8 July 2016 at [19(a)] on pp6-7.

Upon receipt of the utilities bills, the defendant issued cheques to the
plaintiff for payment of those bills and the plaintiff would thereafter encash
those cheques and issue handwritten receipts to the defendant acknowledging
payment. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Affidavit of Lim Jie dated 8 July 2016 at [19(b)] on p7.

The defendant sent the plaintiff a total of 16 such cheques from January 2015
to May 2016, each for sums ranging from approximately $200 to $500. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Affidavit of Lim Jie dated 8 July 2016 at [19(c)] on pp7-8.

Legal proceedings

S 132/2016

19 On 5 February 2016, the plaintiff filed Suit No 132 of 2016 (“S 132/2016”)
against the defendant.

20 In brief, the plaintiff claimed that it had suffered loss and damage as a
result of the defendant’s continued wrongful occupation of the Sub-Leased
Premises. It sought inter alia repossession of the Sub-Leased Premises,
damages and mesne profits for the period of occupation of the Sub-Leased
Premises by the defendant beyond 31 December 2014. The defendant denied that
he was in wrongful occupation and filed a counterclaim, seeking by way of
relief its “[c]ontinued occupation of the [Sub-Leased] Premises”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defence and Counterclaim at [21].

Summary judgment

21 On 27 June 2016, the plaintiff filed Summons No 3127 of 2016 (“SUM
3127/2016”), which was an application for summary judgment under O 14 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of Court”). This was
heard by an assistant registrar on 30 August 2016. The assistant registrar
granted the plaintiff’s application. At this juncture, it suffices for me to
summarise the assistant registrar’s decision. I will describe his findings and
reasons in greater detail subsequently during my evaluation of the parties’
submissions.

22 The assistant registrar began by observing that cl 6(b) of the Compromise
Agreement provides the mechanism for the renewal of the sub-lease. He found,
however, that the requirements set out in cl 6(b) were not satisfied. The
defendant did not make the necessary request for renewal within 6 months from
31 December 2014, and failed to pay the plaintiff $32,500 in ex gratia
payments. Further, there was no express mutual agreement between the parties
as required under cl 6(b). The assistant registrar found that the plaintiff
had proven a prima facie case against the defendant.

23 The assistant registrar went on to consider whether the defendant had a
bona fide defence that raised triable issues of fact or law. He found that the
defendant failed to satisfy the court that he had such a defence. The
assistant registrar rejected the defendant’s arguments that (i) there was an
implied agreement between the parties for the renewal of the sub-lease; (ii)
the plaintiff was estopped from preventing the defendant’s continued
occupation of the Sub-Leased Premises; and (iii) the plaintiff was barred by
the doctrine of laches from bringing its claim. Accordingly, he concluded that
summary judgment should be entered in favour of the plaintiff, and gave an
order in terms of the plaintiff’s application with damages and mesne profits
to be assessed.

RA 323/2016

24 Dissatisfied with the assistant registrar’s decision, the defendant filed
Registrar’s Appeal No 323 of 2016 (“RA 323/2016”), which I heard on 3 October
2016. After considering the parties’ submissions and evidence, I dismissed the
defendant’s appeal and ordered the defendant to pay the plaintiff costs of and
incidental to the appeal, such costs fixed at $7,000 including disbursements.

25 The defendant has appealed against my decision. I will now explain my
reasons. I will begin with a brief description of the parties’ submissions.

The parties’ submissions

The appellant’s/defendant’s submissions

26 The defendant had three primary arguments before the assistant registrar,
which he also advanced before me in his appeal.

27 First, the defendant submitted that there was an implied agreement between
the parties for the renewal of the sub-lease. The defendant averred that the
plaintiff had “accept[ed] the Defendant’s cheques for payment of monthly rent
and property tax”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defendant’s submissions dated 29 September 2016 at [36].

The plaintiff had also “actively sent” the defendant monthly utilities bills
which the defendant paid by way of cheque. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defendant’s submissions dated 29 September 2016 at [37].

After encashing those cheques for payment of utilities bills, the plaintiff
had then issued handwritten receipts to the defendant. The defendant argued
that through these actions, the defendant had offered to renew the sub-lease
and the plaintiff had impliedly accepted such an offer for renewal by its
conduct. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defendant’s submissions dated 29 September 2016 at [86].

28 In the appeal, the defendant also referred me to the cases of Midlink
Development Pte Ltd v The Stansfield Group Pte Ltd [2004] 4 SLR(R) 258
(“Midlink”), Min Hong Auto Supply Pte Ltd v Loh Chun Seng and another [1993] 1
SLR(R) 642 (“Min Hong”), and Long Foo Yit and Another v Mobil Oil Singapore
Pte Ltd [1997] SGHC 323 (“Long Foo Yit”), which in his view supported his
argument that there was such an implied agreement between the parties. The
defendant urged me to find that the assistant registrar erred in concluding
otherwise.

29 Second, the defendant submitted that the plaintiff was estopped from
seeking to evict the defendant. Reliance was similarly placed on the fact that
the plaintiff did not return the defendant’s cheques sent between March 2015
and July 2016, purportedly for the latter’s payment of rental and property
tax, and that the plaintiff sent the defendant monthly utilities bills between
January 2015 and May 2016. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendant’s submissions dated 29 September 2016 at [92].

The defendant suggested that these constituted representations by the
plaintiff that created the defendant’s expectation that “the Plaintiff would
permit the Defendant to continue lawfully occupying the [Sub-Leased] Premises
without the threat of repossession (or the commencement of this Suit)”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defendant’s submissions dated 29 September 2016 at [94].

The defendant claimed further that he had relied on these alleged
representations, that it was reasonable for the defendant to have done so, and
that the defendant had acted to its detriment in its reliance. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defendant’s submissions dated 29 September 2016 at [100] and [101].

The assistant registrar erred in finding that the plaintiff had not made any
representation to the defendant that it would allow the latter to continue
occupying the Sub-Leased Premises. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defendant’s submissions dated 29 September 2016 at [89].

30 Third, the defendant suggested that the plaintiff had “inordinately and
inexcusably delayed the initiation of [S 132/2016]” and that the plaintiff was
accordingly barred from bringing its claim by virtue of the doctrine of laches
or as a result of the plaintiff’s acquiescence. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defendant’s submissions dated 29 September 2016 at [109], [110], and [117].

The assistant registrar had found that there had not been significant delay
between the end of the sub-lease under the Compromise Agreement and the
plaintiff’s attempt to obtain vacant possession, and that accordingly the
defendant could not avail itself of the defence of laches.

31 Finally, the defendant submitted that the assistant registrar should have
granted unconditional leave to defend because the defendant had a bona fide
counterclaim that arose out of the same subject matter as the plaintiff’s
action and that was connected with the grounds of defence. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Defendant’s submissions dated 29 September 2016 at [23] and [24].

The defendant relied inter alia on certain remarks made by Bingham LJ (as he
then was) in the unreported English Court of Appeal decision of United
Overseas Limited v Peter Robinson Limited (trading as Top Shop) (Civil
Division, 26 March 1991, unreported) (“Top Shop”) in support of his argument.
While this submission was not advanced before the assistant registrar, the
assistant registrar had raised the matter for the parties’ attention at the
beginning of the hearing of SUM 3127/2016. The assistant registrar noted that
the counterclaim was for an order that the defendant be entitled to continue
to occupy the Sub-Leased Premises, and that this was the complete opposite of
the relief that the plaintiff prayed for, ie, for possession of the Sub-Leased
Premises. But the parties did not address the matter at any length and thus
the assistant registrar decided to proceed to hear the application. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Assistant registrar’s minutes of 30 August 2016 in SUM 3127/2016 at pp1 and 2.

32 Before me, the defendant also made various allegations about the conduct of
the plaintiff in the proceedings. I did not consider there to be any merit in
these claims and will explain my reasons below.

The respondent’s/plaintiff’s submissions

33 The plaintiff’s response to the defendant’s arguments centred on cll 1 and
6(b) of the Compromise Agreement. According to the plaintiff, these clauses
set out the requirements that must be satisfied before any renewal or
extension of the sub-lease can take place. The plaintiff argued that none of
these requirements had been satisfied and that the defendant had proffered no
explanation for why he had not taken any steps to satisfy those requirements.
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s submissions dated 30 September 2016 at [15].

34 The plaintiff further emphasised that it returned the first four cheques
sent by the defendant (see [15] above) and never banked in any of the cheques
that the defendant purported to submit for payment of monthly rent and
property tax (see [17] above). The plaintiff also argued that it had not
returned the cheques received subsequent to the first four cheques simply
because it could not keep returning them every month. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Plaintiff’s submissions dated 30 September 2016 at [19].

35 The plaintiff took the view that the defendant was keen to remain on the
Sub-Leased Premises because the subletting payments that he had to make to the
plaintiff were “a fraction of the market value” of his occupation. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Plaintiff’s submissions dated 30 September 2016 at [28].

The defendant intentionally omitted to take any action up to 30 June 2014,
waited for the sub-lease to expire on 31 December 2014, and then continued to
occupy the Sub-Leased Premises, “quietly hoping to stay on the premises as he
has done so now, with the intent to entrap the plaintiff in the manner which
he has now tried to, by sending cheque payments purportedly for the subletting
fees”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Plaintiff’s submissions dated 30 September 2016 at [18].

As a result, the plaintiff lost and continued to “lose substantial amounts of
monies by way of the difference between the market rental of the [Sub-Leased]
Premises and the nominal amounts that the defendant [was] proffering to the
plaintiff”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Plaintiff’s submissions dated 30 September 2016 at [31].

Issues for determination

36 Before identifying the issues, I will begin with a brief word on the
principles that are to be applied in determining whether it is appropriate to
grant summary judgment. These principles are well-known and there was no
dispute between the parties on them.

37 Under O 14 r 3(1) of the Rules of Court, the court may grant summary
judgment if there is no issue or question in dispute which ought to be tried
and there is no other reason why there ought to be a trial. As described by
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J in Ritzland Investment Pte Ltd v Grace Management &
Consultancy Services Pte Ltd [2014] 2 SLR 1342 at [43] and [44], the burden
lies on the plaintiff to show that he has a prima facie case for summary
judgment. If he fails to do so, then his application will be dismissed with
costs consequences. But if he satisfies the court that he has such a case,
then the defendant must establish that there is a fair or reasonable
possibility that he has a real or bona fide defence. If the court finds that
the defence is not credible after having regard to its consistency with
contemporaneous documents, its inherent plausibility, and other compelling
evidence, the court will not deprive the plaintiff of its entitlement to
relief: Goh Chok Tong v Chee Soon Juan [2003] 3 SLR(R) 32 at [25].

38 In my view, the following key issues arose for my determination:

(a) Whether the plaintiff had established a prima facie case that the
defendant was not entitled to remain on the Sub-Leased Premises;

(b) Whether there was an implied agreement between the parties for the renewal
of the sub-lease;

(c) Whether the plaintiff was estopped from seeking to repossess the Sub-
Leased Premises from the defendant;

(d) Whether the plaintiff was barred by the doctrine of laches from bringing
its claim; and

(e) Whether the defendant should be granted unconditional leave to defend
because of his subsisting counterclaim.

Finally, I will explain my findings on the remaining arguments advanced by the
defendant before me. I now turn to the abovementioned issues, which I will
address seriatim.

Whether the plaintiff established a prima facie case

39 In my view, the plaintiff was able, on the basis of the Compromise
Agreement, to establish a prima facie case that the defendant was not entitled
to continue its occupation of the Sub-Leased Premises after 31 December 2014.

40 The relevant clauses of the Compromise Agreement are clearly worded, and
indeed the defendant has not sought to advance any interpretation of those
clauses that departs from their plain and natural meaning. Clause 1 (which I
have set out at [10] above) begins by placing an explicit limit on the
duration of the sub-lease. The sub-lease is to commence on 23 May 2012 and end
on 31 December 2014. The only qualification to the end-date of 31 December
2014 is the existence of any mutual agreement between the parties on an
extension or renewal of the sub-lease. Immediately after the qualification is
stated, cl 1 then reiterates that nothing in the Compromise Agreement will
bind either of the parties to enter into a further sub-lease agreement or any
extensions or renewals beyond 31 December 2014. Even more specifically, cl 1
then goes on to state that the plaintiff is not under any obligation to grant
a sub-lease to the defendant.

41 The immediate and incontrovertible impression that one obtains from a
reading of cl 1 is that the parties intended not to renew or extend the sub-
lease unless the parties reached a further agreement to the contrary. Without
such a further agreement, the defendant would not be entitled to continue its
occupation past the contractual expiry date of 31 December 2014.

42 I have set out the relevant portions of cl 6(b) at [12] above. In my view,
the language of cl 6(b) is just as clear as that of cl 1. Clause 6(b)
particularises the requirements that must be satisfied in order for any
renewal or extension of the sub-lease to be effected. The main requirements
are:

(a) The defendant, as sub-lessee, is to make a request to the plaintiff, as
lessee, for such a renewal or extension;

(b) Such a request must be made no later than 6 months before the expiry of
the Compromise Agreement on 31 December 2014. In other words, the defendant
must make the request by 31 June 2014;

(c) The defendant must pay the plaintiff $32,500 per annum as ex gratia
payments, in addition to the sub-letting payments; and

(d) The parties must mutually agree to the renewal or extension.

The remainder of cl 6(b) sets out further details concerning a renewal or
extension of the sub-lease, such as the obligation of the plaintiff to take
the necessary steps to obtain the necessary approval from the authorities, the
obligation of the defendant to assist the plaintiff to obtain such approval,
and the dates on which the defendant is to make the annual payment to the
plaintiff of the sum of $32,500.

43 It is evident from the content, language and structure of cl 6(b) that the
parties had carefully considered how any renewal or extension of the sub-lease
was to be achieved. The steps to be taken and obligations undertaken by each
party are clearly and meticulously itemised. I agreed with the plaintiff that
the parties intended that compliance with the methodology in cl 6(b) was
necessary if any renewal or extension of the sub-lease was sought.

44 Equally, I agreed with the plaintiff that none of the requirements in cl
6(b) had been satisfied. As the plaintiff explained: 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Plaintiff’s submissions dated 30 September 2016 at [13].

(a) The defendant had not made any request to the plaintiff for an extension
of the sub-lease;

(b) Certainly no such request had been made by 30 June 2014;

(c) The defendant had not made any payment of the required ex gratia payment
of $32,500 to the plaintiff; and

(d) There was no mutual agreement between the parties for a renewal or
extension of the sub-lease.

45 It was undisputed that the defendant remained on the Sub-Leased Premises
beyond the expiry of the Compromise Agreement on 31 December 2014. The
defendant had not even attempted to satisfy any of the requirements set out in
cl 6(b). For these reasons, I found that the plaintiff had succeeded in
establishing a prima facie case, and that the assistant registrar had not
erred in making the same finding.

Whether there was an implied agreement for the renewal of the sub-lease

46 As I have described at [27] and [28] above, the defendant contended that an
agreement was to be implied by the parties’ conduct. The defendant had
impliedly made an offer for renewal of the sub-lease by submitting to the
plaintiff cheques for payment of monthly rent, property tax, and utilities
bills, and the plaintiff had in turn impliedly accepted the offer by accepting
those cheques and issuing receipts to the defendant in respect of the
utilities bills.

47 I had no hesitation in rejecting the defendant’s submission that there was
such an implied agreement. Quite the contrary, the plaintiff’s conduct made it
clear beyond doubt that it did not agree to renew the sub-lease. This was
evident from the fact that the plaintiff returned the first four cheques for
purported payment of rental and property tax to the defendant, and never
encashed any of the cheques for purported payment of rental and property tax.

48 The defendant suggested that the plaintiff should not be allowed to
“selectively accept only utilities payments but not rental and property tax
payments” from the defendant, and claims that by requesting and accepting
utilities payments, it had “committed itself to a sub-lease renewal”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defendant’s submissions dated 29 September 2016 at [77].

This submission was utterly without merit. The defendant had not only
continued to occupy the Sub-Leased Premises despite his complete failure even
to attempt to trigger the renewal process in cl 6(b), but had also continued
to use the utilities present on the Sub-Leased Premises, thereby racking up
utilities bills. It was not at all unreasonable for the plaintiff to seek
payment of those utilities bills from the defendant, given that the plaintiff
would otherwise be out of pocket if it had to pay those bills itself. There
was nothing to support the defendant’s suggestion that the plaintiff was
seeking to “escape a properly-formed contract which turned out to be a bad
bargain”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defendant’s submissions dated 29 September 2016 at [78].

I agreed with the assistant registrar that the plaintiff’s request for the
defendant’s payment of utilities bills provided no basis for the implication
of an agreement.

49 Neither did I place any weight on the fact that the plaintiff did not
return the defendant’s cheques for the purported payment of rental and
property tax between March 2015 and July 2016. The plaintiff made its
intention clear by returning the first four cheques to the defendant. There
was no obligation on the plaintiff to keep returning cheques that the
defendant unilaterally chose to foist upon the plaintiff, and I did not infer
any acceptance on the part of the plaintiff by its non-remittance of those
cheques. The plain fact remained that the plaintiff never encashed any of
those cheques.

50 The defendant referred me to three cases, which I have identified at [28]
above. I will now explain why the defendant’s reliance on those cases was
misguided and did not assist its defence.

Midlink

51 In Midlink, the plaintiff leased several units in a mixed user complex to
the defendant. Prior to the expiry of the leases, the parties entered into
discussions for future lease arrangements. After those meetings, the plaintiff
issued a credit note to the defendant, indicating a reduction in the rental
deposit. The defendant received the note and accepted the benefit of the
credit. The plaintiff then forwarded new tenancy agreements to the defendant
for execution, reflecting the new rental, but the defendant did not sign any
of those agreements. The defendant, however, continued to duly and promptly
pay the reduced rental charges upon receipt of the plaintiff’s invoices, in
accordance with the practice established during the earlier leases between the
parties.

52 Subsequently, the defendant purported to issue the plaintiff a notice of
termination of lease of two units. The plaintiff disputed the defendant’s
right to terminate the leases and contended that there was a contractual
agreement between the parties for a two-year lease of the premises. The
defendant thereafter refused to make further rental payments, and the
plaintiff commenced proceedings seeking payment of outstanding rental.

53 V K Rajah JC (as he then was) agreed with the plaintiff and found (at [36])
that the parties had reached an oral agreement during a meeting on a two-year
lease. The parties’ conduct subsequent to that meeting was wholly consistent
with reaching a new tenancy agreement. As a result of his finding that such an
oral agreement existed, Rajah JC considered (at [47]) that there was strictly
no need to consider the defendant’s submission that its purported silence was
neither acceptance nor unequivocal conduct, but nevertheless proceeded to
examine and reject the submission.

54 Rajah JC began by observing (at [48] and [49]) the well-established
principle that acceptance can be signified orally, in writing or by conduct,
and that a contract may be concluded on the terms of even a draft agreement if
the parties are perceived by their conduct to have acted on it, citing Brogden
v Metropolitan Railway Company (1877) 2 App Cas 666 as an illustration of the
latter principle. Rajah JC then went on to state:

50 It is also hornbook law that silence per se is equivocal and does not
amount to a clear representation. In Tacplas Property Services Pte Ltd v Lee
Peter Michael [2000] 1 SLR(R) 159 at [62], Chao Hick Tin JA, delivering the
judgment of the Court of Appeal, observed:

… Mere silence and inactivity will not normally suffice, and in the words of
Robert Goff LJ in The Leonidas D; Allied Marine Transport Ltd v Vale do Rio
Doce Navegacao SA [1985] 1 WLR 925 at 937 ‘it is difficult to imagine how
silence and inaction can be anything but equivocal’ (endorsed by this court in
Fook Gee Finance Co Ltd v Liu Cho Chit [1998] 1 SLR(R) 385). [emphasis added]

This stands to reason. Silence is a midwife that may ultimately deliver a
contractual offspring that is stillborn or live. Silence and implicit
acceptance are not invariably antagonistic concepts. … Silence will usually be
equivocal in unilateral contracts or arrangements; in bilateral arrangements
or negotiations on the other hand, there will usually never be true or perfect
silence. In many such cases, while there may not be actual communication of
acceptance, the parties’ positive, negative or even neutral conduct can evince
rejection, acceptance or even variation of an existing offer.

51 To say that silence can never be unequivocal evidence of consent may be
going too far: see Cheshire, Fifoot & Furmston’s Law of Contract: Second
Singapore and Malaysia Edition (1998) by Professor Andrew Phang Boon Leong at
112. It is always a question of fact whether silent inactivity after an offer
is made is tantamount to acceptance. …

52 … In the final analysis, the touchstone is whether, in the established
matrix of circumstances, the conduct of the parties, objectively ascertained,
supports the existence of a contract. Reduced to its rudiments, it can be said
that this is essentially an exercise in intuition. Legal intentions, whether
articulated or unarticulated, should not be viewed in isolation but should be
filtered through their factual prism. Silence, depending on whether it is
conscious or unconscious, may also from time to time entail altogether
disparate legal consequences.

[emphasis in italics in the original; emphasis in bold added]

55 Rajah JC found (at [55]) that the critical issue of rent for the new
tenancy had been consensually agreed upon, and there was no real dispute on
the terms of the new tenancy agreements. This was, in his view, a case where
“execution of a lease by the tenant was no more than an incident of the
performance of the agreement reached by the parties. … There was nothing more
for the parties to do except to execute the lease” (citing Lim Teong Qwee JC
in Masa-Katsu Japanese Restaurant Pte Ltd v Amara Hotel Properties Pte Ltd
[1998] 2 SLR(R) 662 at [11] to [12]. Rajah JC concluded (at [57] and [58])
that the defendant’s silence was a calculated attempt to exploit the unsigned
tenancy agreements. The silence was not equivocal. In fact, the defendant had
commenced a course of conduct by paying the adjusted rent and accepting the
credit given by the adjusted deposit, maintaining all the outward
manifestations of a new tenancy agreement.

56 In the present case, the defendant argued that the plaintiff had accepted
the defendant’s offer to renew the sub-lease by its conduct in accepting the
defendant’s cheques for payment of monthly rent and property tax. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defendant’s submissions dated 29 September 2016 at [36].

The defendant argued in the alternative that there was “not silence per se in
the present case”, given that the plaintiff had actively sent the defendant
monthly utilities bills and issued handwritten receipts to the defendant upon
encashing the defendant’s cheques for those bills. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defendant’s submissions dated 29 September 2016 at [37].

57 I rejected the defendant’s principal and alternative arguments. I did not
accept the principal argument because of my finding that the plaintiff did not
accept the defendant’s cheques for monthly rent and property tax, as I have
explained at [47] and [49] above. I did not accept the alternative argument
because the plaintiff’s conduct in requesting the defendant’s payment of the
utilities bills was not evidence of the plaintiff’s consent to the renewal or
extension of the sub-lease, as explained at [48] above. I did, however, agree
that this was a case in which there was “not silence per se”. There was no
silence because the plaintiff actively rejected the defendant’s occupation, by
returning his first four cheques for purported payment of rent and property
tax, by refusing to encash the other cheques sent, and by sending the
defendant a letter dated 10 February 2015 informing the defendant that the
plaintiff did not agree to renew the sublease (see [16] above).

58 Midlink involved the question of whether the occupier had accepted a
further two-year lease. While Rajah JC found that there existed an oral
agreement to this effect, he also found that the defendant had, by paying the
adjusted rent and accepting the credit given by the adjusted deposit,
manifested its acceptance of a further lease. In the present case, the
question was whether the lessee had agreed to a renewal of the sub-lease with
the sub-lessee. The plaintiff had not conducted itself in a manner even
remotely akin to how the occupier in Midlink behaved. The plaintiff did not
accept any monetary benefit that might evidence its agreement to a renewal. It
expressly repudiated the defendant’s attempts to effect payment of rent and
property tax.

59 Another key point of distinction was that Midlink involved an agreement in
which the critical issue of rent for the new tenancy had been consensually
agreed upon, and there was “no real dispute” on the other terms of the
agreement. In Rajah JC’s determination, there was nothing more for the parties
to do except to execute the lease. In the present case, however, it was far
from evident that there existed such certainty in the terms of a renewed sub-
lease, if such renewal had indeed occurred. For instance, there is no
indication in cl 6(b) or anywhere else in the Compromise Agreement on the
issue of the duration of any such renewal or extension of the sub-lease. I
would have expected, at minimum, for the defendant to attempt to satisfy me
that there was sufficient certainty in the terms of a renewed sub-lease. But
the defendant made no endeavour in this regard. During the hearing of RA
323/2016, I queried counsel for the defendant on how the defendant had arrived
at the sums of $5,000 and $15,000 that the defendant purported to pay the
plaintiff in his cheques of 12 January 2015 as rental (see [15(a)] above). The
reason for my query to counsel was that I found it thoroughly unclear from the
Compromise Agreement how the defendant derived those figures. Tellingly,
counsel for the defendant was unable to assist, simply informing me that he
did not know the basis on which the defendant determined the figures of $5,000
and $15,000. Counsel for the plaintiff similarly indicated that he was unaware
how those figures were determined. In my view, this was strongly suggestive of
the uncertainty of the terms of any renewal of the sub-lease, and was a
compelling indication that the defendant not only unilaterally made up the
existence of a mutual agreement on the renewal of the sub-lease, but also its
terms.

60 To adopt the language of Rajah JC at [52] of his judgment (quoted at [54]
above), I found that the conduct of the parties, objectively ascertained, and
in the established matrix of circumstances, simply did not support the
existence of a contract.

Min Hong

61 The defendant also referred me to Min Hong, a 1993 High Court decision of
MPH Rubin JC (as he then was). The plaintiff was delivered an option to
purchase a property, such option having been duly executed by the defendants
who were the owners of the property. The option stated that the last day for
exercise of 16 June 1989. The plaintiff handed over a cheque for $20,000 to
the defendants as consideration for the option on 16 May 1989. However, on 24
May 1989, the defendants returned the cheque to the plaintiff as the
defendants were unwilling to proceed with the sale. The plaintiff did not
agree to the cancellation of the option. It instructed its solicitors to
return the cheque to the defendants, and went ahead with the exercise of the
option on 30 May 1989 by signing the option and forwarding the defendants a
cheque for $70,000. Eventually, the plaintiffs sued the defendants for damages
for breach of contract.

62 One of the defendant’s arguments was that the language of the option
suggested that only payment by cash was acceptable. Rubin JC rejected the
argument. He held (at [72]) that the correct position in law was that cheques
once given ought to be treated as the equivalent of cash, and accepted (at
[73]) the plaintiff’s evidence that it was the usual practice amongst
conveyancers in Singapore to use cheques as a mode of payment at the initial
stages of the option for purchase of properties. Rubin JC further observed
that the defendants had only raised their contention about the mode of payment
midway through the hearing of the case, and went on to state the following:

75 Another noticeable feature in this case is the conduct of the defendants
after receipt of the first cheque. The cheque for $20,000 was received by them
on 16 May 1989. They consulted their solicitors on 17 May 1989. The cheque was
in their possession until 24 May 1989 when they decided to go back on the
terms of the option. Why did they take more than a week to return that cheque?
During that span of time could they not have presented the cheque for payment
and obtained cash particularly when there was no hint or suggestion that the
plaintiffs were unable to meet the cheque issued? It is not unreasonable to
suppose the defendants could well have insisted on 16 May 1989 itself that
cash be given to them yet they did not insist on the cash mode. In the
circumstances the contention that cash was the mode and cheque was not what
was desired appears specious. It was further patent that the defence based on
the sufficiency or validity of tender was conceived and put in place at the
eleventh hour to support an otherwise crumbling edifice of the defendants’
case.

76 As regards the subsequent payment of $70,000 by way of cheque, similar
considerations do apply. In any event the exercise of the option was done more
than two weeks before the deadline set out in the option and in the light of
the stand taken by the defendants that the option was not a binding one, the
issue whether the payment should be by cash is purely academic. It is clear
from the evidence that the plaintiffs were willing at all material times to
fulfil their obligation and had the defendants insisted on a cashier’s order
they could have promptly made a demand to the plaintiffs but no such demand
was made.

[emphasis added]

63 The defendant relied on the two paragraphs from Rubin JC’s judgment quoted
above, and sought to draw an analogy to the present case. The defendant’s
sending of cheques for rent and property tax from January 2015 to July 2016
suggested that the defendant was willing at all material times to fulfil its
obligation. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defendant’s submissions dated 29 September 2016 at [70].

The plaintiff’s act of keeping the defendant’s cheques for rent and property
tax from March 2015 to July 2016 suggested that the plaintiff had “accepted
the Defendant’s performance of their side of the bargain, and [that] there was
an agreement between the parties for the renewal of the sub-lease”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defendant’s submissions dated 29 September 2016 at [71].

64 In my view, Min Hong did not assist the defendant in any way. Rubin JC
rejected the defendants’ objection to the plaintiff’s mode of payment (by way
of cash instead of cheque) partly because he found the defendants’ alleged
desire for cheque instead of cash to be “specious”, given that the defendants
held on the cheque for about eight days before returning it. I did not
consider that there was any parallel between the defendants’ behaviour in Min
Hong and that of the plaintiff in the present case. Although the plaintiff
kept the defendant’s cheques for purported payment of rent and property tax
from March 2015 to July 2016, this was only done after the plaintiff had
explicitly repudiated the defendant’s payment by returning the latter’s first
four cheques. And as I have repeatedly observed, the plaintiff never encashed
any of those cheques. There was therefore no basis to say that the plaintiff’s
position, ie, that it never agreed to a renewal or extension of the sub-lease,
was “specious” (unlike that of the defendants in Min Hong). The cases were not
factually analogous.

Long Foo Yit

65 The third case that the defendant relied on was Long Foo Yit, a decision of
Judith Prakash J (as she then was) in 1997. The plaintiffs brought a suit
against Mobil Oil Singapore Pte Ltd (“Mobil”), seeking an order for specific
performance of an alleged contract to renew a dealer licence agreement, under
which the plaintiffs claimed to be entitled to continue operating a Mobil
petrol service station for the next 15 years. According to the defendants,
Mobil had agreed in a letter sent to the defendants to inter alia renew the
dealer agreement for another 15 years. Prakash J found (at [41]), after a
close reading of the relevant correspondence and a consideration of the
surrounding circumstances, that Mobil had not made such an offer to the
plaintiffs. Prakash J also considered (at [49]) that even if such an offer had
been made, the plaintiffs had nevertheless not accepted that offer, whether by
conduct or otherwise. Given that neither an offer nor an acceptance could be
discerned on the facts, Prakash J concluded that no contract came into
existence between the parties for a 15 year dealership.

66 In his submissions before me, the defendant referred to Prakash J’s
statement at [42] of her judgment that “[w]hile an offer may be accepted by
conduct, conduct will only amount to acceptance if it is clear that the act
relied on was done by the offeree with the intention of accepting the offer”.
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defendant’s submissions dated 29 September 2016 at [84].

The defendant then reiterated the same argument that he had made before me
several times, ie, that the defendant had offered to renew the sub-lease by
paying monthly rent and property tax, and the plaintiff had impliedly accepted
such an offer by its conduct in keeping the cheques, sending monthly utilities
bills to the defendant, and accepting the defendant’s payment of the same. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Defendant’s submissions dated 29 September 2016 at [85] and [86].

I have explained my reasons for rejecting those submissions and need not
reiterate them here. To paraphrase the words of Prakash J at [42] of her
judgment, in the present case it was not at all clear that the conduct of the
plaintiff relied on by the defendant in his submissions was done by the
plaintiff with the intention of accepting the defendant’s offer.

The One Suites

67 In granting the plaintiff’s application for summary judgment, the assistant
registrar relied in part on the decision of the Court of Appeal in The One
Suites Pte Ltd v Pacific Motor Credit (Pte) Ltd [2015] 3 SLR 695 (“The One
Suites”). He referred to the Court of Appeal’s remark at [23] that “it is
axiomatic that an implied term is subject to and cannot contradict an express
term of the contract” (emphasis in the original). The assistant registrar
reasoned that given that there is an express clause in cl 6(b) that sets out
how an extension of the sub-lease should be obtained, it was not open to the
defendant to try to circumvent the express clause by “trying to imply an
entire agreement on the basis that it sent cheques to the Plaintiff or by
paying for utilities it ha[d] consumed”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Assistant registrar’s minutes of 30 August 2016 in SUM 3127/2016 at p 16.

68 The defendant argued before me that the assistant registrar “failed to
appreciate that the payment of property tax and lease payments/payments for
utilities were by themselves express terms”, referring to cll 7(c) and (e) of
the Compromise Agreement. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Defendant’s submissions dated 29 September 2016 at [41].

Clauses 7(c) and (e) read as follows:

7\. The Sub-Lessee agrees with the Lessee as follows:-

…

c. To pay 20% of all taxes, rates, charges, assessments, outgoings and
impositions whatsoever due to the Lessee which now are then or at any time
thereafter during or in respect of the said term shall or may be charged,
assessed or imposed upon the premise or any part thereof within fourteen (14)
days from the date on which the relevant bills is received by the Sub-Lessee;

…

e. To pay proportionately all charges for the supply of water, gas, sanitation
or electric light or power of the Sub-Lessee’s premise at any time thereafter
during the said term charged or imposed in respect of the said land and
buildings thereon, within 30 days from the date on which the Sub-Lessee is
informed by the Lessee;

…

69 I found that the defendant’s submission in this regard was founded on a
misreading of cll 7(c) and (e). Clauses 7(c) and (e) are express terms
governing the obligations of the lessee within a lessor-lessee relationship;
they are not express terms governing the renewal or extension of the sub-lease
agreement. Although the defendant did not elaborate further in his
submissions, if the thrust of the defendant’s submission was that there was
not an implied agreement but rather an express agreement then I did not see
how cll 7(c) and (e) aided him, for the aforementioned reason. The decisive
point, as I have explained at [40] to [44] above, was that the parties had set
out very precise steps in cl 6(b) governing the renewal or extension of the
sub-lease agreement. The defendant failed to provide me with any evidence that
the parties intended to ignore or do away completely with the contractual
mechanism detailed in cl 6(b).

Whether the plaintiff was estopped from seeking to repossess the Sub-Leased
Premises

70 I have described the defendant’s argument on estoppel at [29] above. In
essence, the defendant suggested that the plaintiff was estopped from bringing
its claim because it had made a representation to the defendant that it would
permit the latter to continue occupation of the Sub-Leased Premises, and that
the defendant had relied on this representation to its detriment by, inter
alia, making payment of rent and property tax to the plaintiff, and deferring
attempts to source for alternative premises of a similar size, condition and
location for his business.

71 The assistant registrar found that the plaintiff had never represented to
the defendant that it was willing to renew the sub-lease beyond 31 December
2014. The assistant registrar considered that the defendant was fully aware of
this, and further observed that the plaintiff never encashed the cheques for
the sub-lease payments or property tax. He went further to find that the
plaintiff was doing quite the opposite – it represented to the defendant that
it was not agreeable to a renewal of the sub-lease.

72 In Chiam Heng Luan and others v Chiam Heng Hsien and others [2007] 4 SLR(R)
305 at [78], Prakash J set out a useful summary of the principles relating to
proprietary estoppel as explained by Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) in
Hong Leong Singapore Finance Ltd v United Overseas Bank Ltd [2007] 1 SLR(R)
292:

78 The applicable legal principles relating to this area of the law were
comprehensively reviewed by Sundaresh Menon JC in Hong Leong Singapore Finance
Ltd v United Overseas Bank Ltd [2007] 1 SLR(R) 292 at [170]–[210]. They are,
to summarise:

(a) The three elements that must be shown to found an estoppel are
representation, reliance and detriment.

(b) For an estoppel concerning land, it must be shown that the landowner
permitted the claimant to have, or encouraged him in his belief that he had,
some right or interest in the land, and the claimant acted on this belief to
his detriment.

(c) The principle that underlies the remedy is unconscionability. Where land
is concerned, the question is whether the landowner said or did something that
led the claimant to take a certain course of action which renders it
unconscionable not to estop the landowner from his earlier position.

(d) Representation is a broad concept covering both direct statements and
agreements as well as expectations that have been created or encouraged by the
landowner but it does not allow the doctrine to be invoked where a party acts
to his detriment in the hope that he will be given an interest in the land.

[emphasis in the original]

73 I agreed with the findings of the assistant registrar and rejected the
defendant’s submission. I did not believe that the plaintiff permitted the
defendant to have, or encouraged the defendant in his belief (if the defendant
did in fact possess such belief) that the defendant was entitled to continue
his occupation of the Sub-Leased Premises. Rather, the plaintiff was explicit
in its non-agreement for the renewal of the sub-lease. Given the plaintiff’s
clear and unambiguous expression of intent, I did not accept that the
defendant was at any point led to believe that he was entitled to continue in
occupation of the Sub-Leased Premises beyond 31 December 2014.

74 The indisputable fact remained that the defendant never did seek to trigger
the process laid out in cl 6(b) of the Compromise Agreement. As the plaintiff
observed, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Plaintiff’s submissions dated 30 September 2016 at [18].

the defendant simply sat back and did nothing by 30 June 2014, which was the
cut-off date for the defendant to make a request for renewal, and thereafter
similarly took no action up to the expiry of the sub-lease on 31 December
2014. He then commenced the practice of sending cheques to the plaintiff,
purportedly for sub-letting fees, hoping that the plaintiff would accept and
encash those cheques and therefore implicitly agree to a renewal of the sub-
lease, or be estopped from denying that it agreed to a renewal. Accordingly,
it lay ill in the defendant’s mouth to suggest that the plaintiff acted
unconscionably in representing that the defendant was entitled to continue his
occupation on the Sub-Leased Premises. If there was any unconscionability to
be found in this sorry sequence of events, I had no doubt that it lay in the
conduct of the defendant.

Whether the plaintiff was barred by the doctrine of laches

75 In the recent Court of Appeal decision in Chng Weng Wah v Goh Bak Heng
[2016] 2 SLR 464 (“Chng Weng Wah”), the appellant and the respondent jointly
invested in a company by purchasing shares. After the parties fell out, the
respondent commenced proceedings, seeking an account of the shares and the
sales proceeds. The appellant claimed that all the respondent’s shares had
been sold and fully accounted for, and that he had paid the respondent the
sales proceeds. The respondent argued that the appellant was still holding on
to some of the shares on the respondent’s behalf and that there was some
uncertainty as to whether the respondent had been fully paid following the
sale of his shares. One of the arguments advanced by the appellant was that
the respondent was barred by the doctrine of laches from bringing its claim.
The trial judge was not persuaded that the doctrine of laches should apply,
because in his view the delay did not amount to acquiescence nor did it result
in the appellant suffering prejudice.

76 The Court of Appeal described the doctrine of laches as follows:

44 The doctrine of laches has been summarised in Cytec Industries Pte Ltd v
APP Chemicals International (Mau) Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 769 at [46] (and cited
with approval by this court in eSys Technologies Pte Ltd v nTan Corporate
Advisory Pte Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 1200 at [37]–[38] and Dynasty Line Ltd v Sukamto
Sia [2014] 3 SLR 277 at [58]) as follows:

Laches is a doctrine of equity. It is properly invoked where essentially there
has been a substantial lapse of time coupled with circumstances where it would
be practically unjust to give a remedy either because the party has by his
conduct done that which might fairly be regarded as equivalent to a waiver
thereof; or, where by his conduct and neglect he had, though perhaps not
waiving that remedy, yet put the other party in a situation in which it would
not be reasonable to place him, if the remedy were afterwards to be asserted
(Sukhpreet Kaur Bajaj d/o Manjit Singh v Paramjit Singh Bajaj [2008] SGHC 207
at [23]; Re Estate of Tan Kow Quee [2007] 2 SLR(R) 417 at [32]). This is a
broad-based inquiry and it would be relevant to consider the length of delay
before the claim was brought, the nature of the prejudice said to be suffered
by the defendant, as well as any element of unconscionability in allowing the
claim to be enforced (Re Estate of Tan Kow Quee at [38]). …

It bears emphasising that, as was observed by Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then
was) in Re Estate of Tan Kow Quee [2007] 2 SLR(R) 417 at [33], the basis for
equitable intervention by way of the doctrine of laches is ultimately found in
unconscionability. The inquiry should be approached in a broad manner, as
opposed to trying to fit the circumstances of each case within the confines of
a preconceived formula derived from earlier cases. The inquiry depends mainly
on the particular facts of each case, and to that end, the citation of earlier
case authorities with points of similarity will, in most circumstances, be of
limited assistance. Finally, it is acknowledged that the defendant bears the
burden of proving that the doctrine of laches applies.

On the facts of the case, the Court of Appeal disagreed with the trial judge.
It noted (at [52]) that the respondent had commenced legal proceedings only
after a significant delay of at least 10 years. The delay caused prejudice to
the appellant by affecting the evidence available, especially in light of the
fact that the nature of the transaction and the relationship between the
parties meant that there was limited formal documentation available and the
evidence would invariably involve the personal recollection of the parties:
Chng Weng Wah at [54] and [55]. The Court noted (at [57]) that the relevant
events had occurred almost 14 years ago, and that the parties would naturally
have limited recollection of what happened then. It concluded (at [59]) that
the delay in the commencement of legal proceedings had resulted in the loss of
evidence, primarily the ability of the appellant to recall the events that had
taken place, and that it was therefore unconscionable for the respondent to
seek an account from the appellant after such an inordinate delay.

77 In the present case, the defendant submitted that the plaintiff had
inordinately and inexcusably delayed the initiation of S 132/2016, “caus[ing]
the Defendant to believe that the Plaintiff did not intend to make the claim
herein or any claim against the Defendant, such that the Defendant acted to
its prejudice”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defendant’s submissions dated 28 September 2016 at [110].

The defendant suggested that the plaintiff had “stood by and did nothing for a
period of almost 2 months after the expiry of the Compromise Agreement before
sending a letter of demand dated 10 February 2015, and commencing the present
suit on 5 February 2016 (after a period of 14 months) when he filed his Writ
of Summons”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defendant’s submissions dated 28 September 2016 at [115].

78 In my view, there was no merit to the defendant’s argument. I did not see
how a period of 2 months could in any way be construed as a “substantial lapse
of time” so as to trigger the doctrine of laches. Even after the plaintiff’s
letter of 10 February 2015, the plaintiff continued to make its non-agreement
to the renewal clear by refusing to encash any of the cheques sent by the
defendant. I therefore disagreed that the defendant came under the impression
that the plaintiff would not assert its rights. Nothing the plaintiff did
would cause the defendant to come under such an impression. Certainly this was
not a case where (as it was in Chng Weng Wah) the length of the delay was such
that prejudice was caused to the defence due to deterioration of the evidence.
Thus I did not think that that any injustice would be caused if the plaintiff
were permitted to bring its claim against the defendant. For the same reasons,
I rejected the defendant’s submission that there was acquiescence on the part
of the plaintiff that now prevented the plaintiff from bringing its suit
against the defendant. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defendant’s submissions dated 28 September 2016 at [117].

Whether the defendant should be granted unconditional leave to defend on the
basis of its counterclaim

The defendant’s submission

79 As I described at [31] above, the defendant argued that he had set up a
bona fide counterclaim arising out of the same subject-matter as the action
and which was connected with the grounds of defence. On this basis, he
submitted that he should have been granted unconditional leave to defend. His
alternative argument was that he had set up a plausible counterclaim for an
amount no less than the plaintiff’s claim, and therefore should have been
granted a stay of execution pending the determination of his counterclaim. The
defendant placed strong reliance on the dicta of Bingham LJ in Top Shop.

The law

Top Shop

80 In Hawley & Hazel Chemical Co (S) Pte Ltd v Szu Ming Trading Pte Ltd [2008]
SGHC 13 (“Hawley”), Lai Siu Chiu J described Top Shop and set out Bingham LJ’s
dicta at [32] and [33] of her judgment. I gratefully reproduce those
paragraphs here:

32 … In [Top Shop], the plaintiffs appealed against the Master’s refusal to
give the company summary judgment on their claim (for non-delivery of goods by
the defendants) but instead granted the defendants unconditional leave to
defend. The plaintiffs contended that the Master should at least have granted
summary judgment with a stay, pending trial of the defendant’s counterclaim.
The plaintiffs’ claim was for the return of £201,135 it had paid the
defendants plus £100,000 damages for loss of profits arising from the non-
delivery while the defendants’ counterclaim was for £110,900 for the goods
rejected by the plaintiffs plus storage charges of £54,600 for the same (and
continuing at the rate of £7,000 odd per month).

33 In delivering the judgment of the appellate court, Bingham LJ elaborated on
what was set out in the UK White Book (1991) (at pp 152 and 153) on the four
classes of cases in the court’s determination of whether summary judgment
should or should not be granted:

(a) The first class would be where the defendant can show an arguable set-off
whether equitable or otherwise. To the extent of such set-off, the defendant
would be entitled to unconditional leave to defend. It would be for the judge
to decide whether such an arguable set-off is shown or not.

(b) The second class would be where the defendant sets up a bona fide
counterclaim arising out of the same subject-matter as the action and
connected with the grounds of defence. In this class of case, according to the
White Book, the order should not be for judgment on the claim subject to a
stay of execution pending trial of the counterclaim, but should be for
unconditional leave to defend even if the defendant admits the whole or part
of the claim.

(c) The third class would be where the defendant has no defence to the
plaintiff’s claim so that the plaintiff should not be put to the trouble and
expense of proving it, but the defendant sets up a plausible counterclaim for
an amount not less than the plaintiff’s claim. In such a case, the order
should not be for leave to defend, but should be for judgment for the
plaintiff on the claim and costs until the trial of the counterclaim.

(d) The fourth class would be where the counterclaim arises out of quite a
separate and distinct transaction, or is wholly foreign to the claim, or there
is no connection between the claim and the counterclaim. The proper order
should then be for judgment for the plaintiff with costs without a stay
pending the trial of the counterclaim.

The four classes of cases that Bingham LJ described in Top Shop have been
adopted in a number of decisions of the Singapore courts. The defendant has
referred me to several of these decisions, which I will describe in turn. I
begin with Hawley.

Hawley

81 In Hawley, the plaintiff commenced an action against the defendant for
unpaid sums relating to goods that it had sold and delivered to the defendant.
The defendant in turn counterclaimed that the plaintiff had induced the
defendant to continue with distributorship of the products by representing
that it would prevent parallel imports and sales of the goods into Singapore,
but that the plaintiff had failed to do so. The plaintiff filed an application
for summary judgment on its claim, and while the defendant did not dispute the
claim, it responded that it was entitled to unconditional leave to defend
because it had a bona fide counterclaim which acted as a set-off against the
claim. The plaintiff argued that its claim fell into the third or fourth of
the Top Shop classes and that summary judgment should therefore be granted.

82 Lai J held that the claim fell within the third class. She referred to the
decision of the Court of Appeal in Cheng Poh Building Construction Pte Ltd v
First City Builders Pte Ltd [2003] 2 SLR 170 (“Cheng Poh”). In Cheng Poh, the
Court of Appeal held (at [11]) that where claims and counterclaims arise out
of the same transaction, and while the claims are admitted and the
counterclaims are disputed, then so long as the counterclaims are plausible,
the correct order to make would be that while judgment should be entered in
respect of the claims, it should be stayed pending trial of the counterclaims.
But where a counterclaim does not arise out of the same transaction or is not
connected with the transaction, then special circumstances must be shown for
there to be a stay of execution: Cheng Poh at [18]. The Court of Appeal cited
with approval the following passage in The Supreme Court Practice (1999 Ed)
(which is also found in Singapore Civil Procedure 2016 vol 1 (Foo Chee Hock
gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2016) (“Singapore Civil Procedure 2016”) at para
14/4/10):

If, however, the counterclaim arises out of quite a separate and distinct
transaction or it is wholly foreign to the claim or there is no connection
between the claim and the counterclaim, the proper order should be for
judgment for the plaintiff with costs without a stay pending the trial of the
counterclaim.

The Court of Appeal in Cheng Poh did not refer to Top Shop.

83 After an examination of the merits of the counterclaim and whether it
operated as a set-off to the plaintiff’s claim, Lai J found that the
defendant’s case did not fall under the first or second class such as to merit
unconditional leave to defend. The plaintiff should not be put to the trouble
and expense of proving a claim that the defendant had never disputed. Although
Lai J took the view that there were grave doubts as to the merits of the
counterclaim, she granted a stay to enable the defendant to proceed to trial
on its counterclaim.

Tru-line

84 In United Overseas Bank Pte Ltd v Tru-line Beauty Consultants Pte Ltd and
others [2010] 2 SLR 590 (“Tru-line”), the bank sued the borrower and its
guarantors for failure to repay sums due under certain banking facilities
granted by the bank. The defendants did not dispute the amount owing to the
bank, nor did they dispute that they had received the bank’s letters of
demand. The defendants filed a counterclaim alongside their defence, claiming
that the bank had wrongfully terminated a letter of credit that it had issued
to the borrower in favour of a third party, and that this had caused the third
party to decide not to renew or extend the borrower’s exclusive distribution
agreement with the third party, thereby occasioning loss to the borrower.

85 The bank sought summary judgment of its claim and this was granted by the
assistant registrar, despite the defendants’ argument that they had a valid
counterclaim against the bank for its failure to honour the letter of credit
and that the counterclaim might be set-off against the claim. The defendants
had argued that summary judgment should not be granted, or if judgment was
granted then it should be stayed.

86 Woo Bih Li J dismissed the defendants’ appeal in this regard. Woo J
referred (at [41]) to Bingham LJ’s Top Shop categories and noted that the
categories had been adopted and applied in Hawley. Woo J referred also to the
English Court of Appeal judgment in Bim Kemi AB v Blackburn Chemicals Ltd
[2001] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 93 (cited in the decision of Sundaresh Menon JC (as he
then was) in Abdul Salam Asanaru Pillai v Nomanbhoy (trading as South Kerala
Cashew Exporters) & Sons Pte Ltd [2007] 2 SLR(R) 856 at [26(d)]) where Potter
LJ summarised the principles pertaining to equitable set-off.

87 Woo J held (at [44]) that, on the facts, although the borrower’s
counterclaim was in respect of the bank’s cancellation of the letter of credit
and the letter of credit was issued pursuant to one of the banking facilities
that formed the basis of the bank’s claim, this did not give rise to a
sufficient degree of proximity to raise a set-off. The claim by the bank did
not include any sum in respect of the letter of credit and thus the
counterclaim was separate from the claim. Woo J also found that this was a
case where the bank “should not be put to the trouble and expense of proving
its claim” since its claim was admitted. He therefore granted summary judgment
in favour of the bank. Unlike in Hawley, the court declined to order a stay of
execution on the judgment because he did not consider there to be a sufficient
degree of connection between the claim and counterclaim, and took the view
that the counterclaim was suspect and possibly fraudulent.

Nanyang

88 Unlike Hawley and Tru-line, the case of Nanyang Law LLC v Alphomega
Research Group Ltd [2010] 3 SLR 914 (“Nanyang”) did not involve an application
for summary judgment. A law firm commenced an action against a former client
to recover sums owed to the firm for work done. The client did not enter an
appearance in respect of the writ and therefore the law firm obtained judgment
in default of appearance. The client applied to set aside the default
judgment, inter alia on the basis of the merits of its defence against the law
firm’s claim, but the application was dismissed by an assistant registrar.

89 Andrew Ang J allowed the appeal, finding (at [17]) that the client had a
prima facie defence. This was a defence of set-off based on money had and
received by the law firm. It had been found in a separate suit that monies had
been inappropriately paid out of the client’s funds to the law firm for
services that the law firm rendered to the client’s directors in their
personal capacities. Ang J took the view that the client had an arguable claim
for money had and received and that the debt satisfied the requirements of a
legal set-off or possibly an equitable set-off. Ang J then relied on Bingham
LJ’s dicta in Top Shop and Hawley, and held (at [25]) that the client had an
arguable defence of set-off and that this was therefore a situation within the
first of the Top Shop classes. Ang J then set aside the default judgment,
reasoning (at [29]) that the justice of the case required that the client be
allowed an opportunity to be heard on its defence.

Invar

90 The plaintiffs in Invar Realty Pte Ltd v Kenzo Tange Urtec Inc & Anor
[1990] 3 MLJ 388 were the developers of a commercial building. They sued the
architects and the civil and structural engineers for breach of contract and
negligence. The engineers entered a counterclaim against the developers
alongside their defence, seeking payment of the balance of the professional
fees due to them from the developers. In their defence to the counterclaim,
the developers admitted that they owed the professional fees, but contested
the total amount that was due and further argued that they were entitled to
set-off the amount in the counterclaim against their own claim against the
engineers. The engineers then applied for and obtained summary judgment from
an assistant registrar for the amount of the counterclaim admitted by the
developers to be the professional fees owed to the engineers, with a stay of
execution pending trial of the developers’ claim and with leave to the
developers to defend the balance sum of the counterclaim. The developers
appealed against the assistant registrar’s decision to a High Court judge in
chambers.

91 Yong Pung How J (as he then was) referred to the principle established in
Sheppards & Co v Wilkinson & Jarvis [1889] 6 TLR 13 (“Sheppards”), that where
there is clearly no defence to the plaintiffs’ claim but the defendants set up
a plausible counterclaim for an amount not less than the plaintiffs’ claim,
the plaintiffs should not be put to the trouble and expense of proving their
claim. The order in such a case should not be leave to the defendants to
defend, but should be for judgment for the plaintiffs on the claim with costs,
with a stay of execution until trial of the defendants’ counterclaim, pending
further order. I set out Yong J’s further description of Sheppards:

The Court of Appeal in Sheppards v Wilkinson recognized that a counterclaim
may be used by a party as a defence to a claim in certain instances. The court
stated that a defendant ought not to be shut out from defending unless it was
very clear indeed that he had no case in the action under discussion. There
might be either a defence to the claim which was plausible or there might be a
counterclaim pure and simple. To shut out such a counterclaim would be an
autocratic and violent use of O 14. The court had no power to try such a
counterclaim on such an application, but, if they thought it so far plausible
that it was not unreasonably possible for it to succeed if brought to trial,
it ought not to be excluded. If the counterclaim was for a less sum than that
claimed, then judgment might be signed, if there was no real defence, for so
much of the amount of the claim as was not covered by the counterclaim. But if
the counterclaim overtopped the claim and was really plausible, then the rule
which had been often acted upon at chambers, of allowing the defendants to
defend without conditions, was the right one. There were however circumstances
which might call on the court to act differently. If it was clear that the
claim must succeed and there was really no defence to it, and the plaintiffs
would only be put to expense in proving their claim, then there ought to be
judgment on the claim, but the matter must be so dealt with that the
defendants who had a plausible counterclaim must not be injured; and that
would be done by staying execution on the judgment until the counterclaim had
been tried.

[emphasis added]

92 On the facts, Yong J found that the engineers were entitled to judgment on
their counterclaim with a stay of execution, given that the developers had
admitted that they owed payment under the counterclaim to the engineers. Yong
J therefore dismissed the appeal.

P H Grace

93 In P H Grace Pte Ltd and others v American Express International Banking
Corp [1985–1986] SLR(R) 979 (“P H Grace”), the plaintiff bankers sought
recovery of monies lent to their customer, the first defendant. The remaining
defendants were the guarantors of the loan. The plaintiffs applied for summary
judgment and the application was granted by an assistant registrar. On appeal
to a judge in chambers, the first defendant argued that it had a counterclaim
against the plaintiffs for breach of contract and should accordingly be given
unconditional leave to defend. The judge dismissed the appeal but granted the
first defendant leave to proceed with the counterclaim against the plaintiffs.
The judge refused to grant a stay of execution on the judgment pending the
determination of the counterclaim.

94 On appeal to the Court of Appeal, the defendants argued that the first
defendant had a bona fide counterclaim against the plaintiffs for damages for
breach of contract and they should accordingly be given unconditional leave to
defend. In the alternative, in view of the bona fide counterclaim, a stay of
execution on the judgment should be granted until the determination of the
counterclaim. L P Thean J (as he then was) referred (at [5]) to Sheppards as
authority for the principles on whether summary judgment should be granted to
the plaintiff where a counterclaim has been raised by the defendant, and if
such judgment is given whether execution thereon should be stayed.

95 Thean J explained (at [6]) that the first step under Sheppards is to
determine “whether it is ‘not unreasonably possible’ for the counterclaim of
the…defendant to succeed if brought to trial”. At this stage, the court does
not inquire into the merits of the counterclaim; “the only point for
consideration is whether it is a bona fide claim”. On the merits, Thean J
found that it could not reasonably be said that there was no prospect of the
defendants’ counterclaim succeeding if it was brought to trial and held that
the counterclaim was, in the court’s opinion, “a bona fide counterclaim”.
However, given that the first defendant did not dispute the amount owed to the
plaintiffs, the plaintiffs should not be put to expense in proving their claim
and therefore the judgment obtained should remain undisturbed: P H Grace at
[8].

96 On the issue of whether execution on the judgment should be stayed until
the counterclaim was determined, Thean J held that since the first defendant’s
counterclaim was a bona fide one, a stay of execution ought to be granted in
respect of the first defendant. However, given that the first defendant had
since been wound up, it became unnecessary for the Court of Appeal to grant a
stay.

A practical framework

97 In my view, the following principles can be gleaned from the case law on
the proper approach to be taken when determining whether summary judgment
ought to be ordered where there is a subsisting counterclaim. It is useful to
try to amalgamate and reconcile where possible these principles and place them
within a practical framework for easy reference and application.

98 The recommended framework is as follows.

(a) Step 1: whether the counterclaim is plausible – the court should first
consider whether the counterclaim is plausible, ie whether it is reasonably
possible for the counterclaim to succeed at trial (or in the slightly tortured
formulation adopted in Sheppards, whether the counterclaim is “so far
plausible that it [is] not unreasonably possible for it to succeed if brought
to trial”). If the counterclaim is not plausible, then its presence ought not
to stand in the way of the plaintiff obtaining summary judgment of its whole
claim, without any stay pending the determination of the counterclaim, and the
court should so rule. If the court finds that the counterclaim is plausible,
then Step 2 follows.

(b) Step 2: whether the plausible counterclaim amounts to a defence of set-off
– the court should then determine whether the counterclaim that it has found
to be plausible amounts to a defence of set-off, whether legal or equitable.
If it finds that the plausible counterclaim does amount to a defence of set-
off, then unconditional leave to defend should be granted in respect of the
whole of the claim. The reason for such a result is that when the court
reaches such a conclusion, it has found in essence that the defendant has
shown reasonable grounds of a real defence, and therefore leave to defend
should, on the usual principles, be granted. On the other hand, if the
counterclaim does not amount to a defence of set-off, then the court may
proceed to Step 3 below.

(c) Step 3: whether the plausible counterclaim is sufficiently connected to
the claim – the court may then consider whether there is a connection between
the claim (for which summary judgment is sought) and the counterclaim which it
has considered to be plausible. If that counterclaim arises out of quite a
separate and distinct transaction or it is wholly foreign to the claim or
there is no connection between the claim and counterclaim, the court should
generally grant summary judgment of the whole claim, without a stay pending
the determination of the unconnected counterclaim.

If the court is satisfied of the degree of connection between the claim and
counterclaim, it may proceed to Step 4.

(d) Step 4: whether there are grounds for a stay of execution in light of the
connected and plausible counterclaim – if the court considers that there is
really no defence to the claim and that as a consequence the plaintiff would
be put to needless expense in proving its claim, the court should generally
grant summary judgment of the whole of the claim. This is the default position
where there are no triable issues under the usual approach (ie no fair or
reasonable possibility that there is a real or bona fide defence, whether that
of set-off or otherwise).

But, in the exercise of its discretion, where the court also finds (through an
application of Steps 1 and 3 above) that there is a connected and plausible
counterclaim, this may provide grounds for the court to stay execution of the
whole judgment (or a portion thereof) pending the determination of the
connected and plausible counterclaim. A qualification applies in the situation
where the quantum of the judgment exceeds that of the quantum of the
counterclaim: in such circumstances, there should not be any stay of execution
of the quantum of the judgment that is in excess of the counterclaim.

Beyond the above qualification, whether or not a stay of the whole or a part
of the judgment should be granted is ultimately a matter for the court’s
discretion, to be exercised according to established principles. The degree of
connection between the claim and counterclaim, the strength and quantum of the
counterclaim and the ability of the plaintiff to satisfy any judgment on the
counterclaim are some of the considerations which the court may take into
account in the exercise of its discretion on whether to grant a stay: see
Singapore Civil Procedure 2016 at para 14/4/10; and Tru-line at [45]. The
exercise of the discretion to grant or to refuse to grant a stay of execution
of the whole or a portion of the judgment sum pending trial of a plausible and
connected counterclaim will ultimately depend on whether the defendant is able
to show that it would be fair and just in all the circumstances of the case to
stay the immediate enforcement of the whole or a portion of the judgment sum
due to the pending trial of the counterclaim. The burden lies on the defendant
to prove that the stay is justifiable having regard to all the circumstances
of the case.

99 I make one observation regarding Step 4. In my view, where there is no real
defence to the claim and therefore summary judgment ought, according to the
usual principles, to be granted, the appropriate effect of a connected and
plausible counterclaim not amounting to a defence should only be that of a
stay of execution pending determination of the counterclaim, rather than that
of unconditional leave to defend. In other words, summary judgment ought to be
granted in respect of the whole of the claim, rather than merely the part of
the claim exceeding that of the counterclaim (with unconditional leave to
defend the balance of the claim), in situations where the size of the claim
exceeds that of the counterclaim. The reason is that the grant of summary
judgment in respect of the part of the claim exceeding that of the
counterclaim would lead to no reduction in the trouble and expense that the
plaintiff would be put to at trial. In order to pursue the remaining part of
the claim for which the defendant has been granted unconditional leave to
defend, the plaintiff would still have to head to trial and lead – in all
likelihood – the very same type and amount of evidence that he would have
needed to lead if his application for summary judgment had utterly failed in
the first place and he therefore had to prove the entirety of his claim. The
only benefit he obtains from his success in the summary judgment application
is immediate entitlement to the quantum of the claim exceeding that of the
counterclaim. The problem is made even more evident when the size of the
counterclaim exceeds that of the claim. In such a situation, it would be
perverse for unconditional leave to be granted to defend the whole of the
claim, even in the absence of any triable issues in the claim; the correct
response when there is really no real defence – as pointed out in Sheppards –
is surely that of summary judgment subject only to a stay at the court’s
discretion. Any other approach would lead to a wastage of costs and the time
of the court, the litigants and the witnesses.

100 In formulating the above framework, I have noted that Bingham LJ’s
categories in Top Shop have come under criticism. For instance, in Jeffrey
Pinsler, “The Court’s Response to Counterclaims in Proceedings for Summary
Judgment” (2011) 23 SAcLJ 517, Professor Pinsler suggests that the fourfold
classification has the potential to cause uncertainty because the categories
are not analytically distinct. Bingham LJ’s classification was based on a
series of statements in the English Supreme Court Practice 1991, in which the
editors had merely intended to summarise the effect of the case law in
convenient propositions rather than offer a set of fixed or circumscribed
categories or principles. I further note Professor Pinsler’s criticism in
relation to Bingham LJ’s second category that a bona fide claim, although made
in good faith, may be very weak and therefore provide little justification for
the court to order unconditional leave to defend. Professor Pinsler argues (at
para 15) that “[i]t is most unlikely that the court would grant unconditional
leave to defend pursuant to the second class in these circumstances. It would
construe “bona fide” as entailing a claim that has the merit of being at least
arguable.” He further suggests as follows (at para 18):

18 … The second class refers to “bona fide” (which emphasises the intentions
of the defendant), while the third class engages the term “plausible” (which
is solely concerned with the merits of the counterclaim). One of the
weaknesses of Bingham LJ’s classification is that it is quite possible for an
unmeritorious counterclaim to be put forward in good faith (as when the
defendant wrongly but honestly believes that he has a valid case). Literally
interpreted, the second class would encompass such a counterclaim (because it
is bona fide). As it would be unjust to give unconditional leave to defend on
the basis of a meritless counterclaim, the terminology of the second class
should be modified to include a threshold standard (such as “arguable” or
“plausible”) in the second and third classes respectively. …

101 I agree with Professor Pinsler that it is insufficient for the defendant
to seek unconditional leave to defend on the back of a counterclaim that he
has brought in good faith but which is devoid of merit. I observe that the
argument that a counterclaim must have a requisite degree of substance may
draw support from a finding made by Thean J in P H Grace which I have quoted
at [95] above. Thean J held (at [6]) that “the only point for consideration is
whether [the first defendant’s counterclaim] is a bona fide claim. On the
affidavits filed it cannot reasonably be said that there is no prospect of the
counterclaim succeeding if it is brought to trial; it is, in our opinion, a
bona fide counterclaim.” Thean J’s reasoning indicates that the substance of
the inquiry as to whether the counterclaim was bona fide was whether there was
a prospect of the counterclaim succeeding if brought to trial. I therefore
consider that the essence of the inquiry in this regard is the plausibility of
the counterclaim.

My findings

102 As I have noted at [31] above, the assistant registrar observed at the
beginning of the hearing of the summary judgment application that the
defendant’s counterclaim, ie for an order that the defendant be entitled to
continue in occupation of the Sub-Leased Premises, is the complete opposite of
the relief prayed for by the plaintiff, ie for repossession of the Sub-Leased
Premises from the defendant. In this regard, it might be said that there was a
connection between the claim and the counterclaim. They both arose out of the
Compromise Agreement and shared the same material facts. For the same reasons,
the counterclaim was also inextricably tied to the defence.

103 Regardless of the connection between claim and counterclaim, I did not,
however, consider that the counterclaim had the requisite degree of
plausibility. As stated at [98(a)] above, this is in fact the first step in
the inquiry. The defendant never took any steps to seek a renewal or extension
of the sub-lease, whether under cl 6(b) of the Compromise Agreement or
otherwise. Neither did I consider that there was any merit in the defendant’s
assertions of an implied agreement and estoppel, or in its reliance on the
doctrine of laches or acquiescence, insofar as the defendant intended those
arguments to aid his pursuit of his counterclaim. None of those arguments
were, in my view, at all likely to succeed at trial. In the circumstances, I
rejected the defendant’s submission that he should be granted unconditional
leave to defend on the basis of his counterclaim. For the same reasons, I also
rejected the defendant’s alternative submission that he should be granted a
stay of execution pending the determination of its counterclaim.

Application for stay of execution pending appeal

104 Following my dismissal of the defendant’s appeal in RA 323/2016, the
defendant filed an appeal to the Court of Appeal against my decision. On 6
October 2016, he then filed Summons No 4856 of 2016, seeking a stay of
execution pending the appeal. During the hearing for the stay application on 7
October 2016, I was informed by counsel for the plaintiff that the defendant’s
sole proprietorship had in fact been terminated on 27 September 2013, ie, more
than 6 months before the expiry of the Compromise Agreement on 31 December
2014. Counsel for the defendant did not dispute what was said.

105 After considering the parties’ submissions and in particular, the newly
discovered fact that the defendant’s sole proprietorship had already been
terminated, I dismissed the stay application and ordered that the defendant
pay the plaintiff the costs of and incidental to the said application, to be
fixed at $4,000 inclusive of disbursements.

Conclusion

106 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the defendant’s appeal in RA
323/2016 and ordered the defendant to pay the plaintiff costs of and
incidental to the appeal, such costs fixed at $7,000 including disbursements.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Arivanantham s/o Krishnan (Ari, Goh & Partners) for the plaintiff/respondent;  
Chan Yew Loong Justin and Ng Sze Yen Charmaine (Tito Isaac & Co LLP) for the
defendant/appellant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

