Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 110

Criminal Case No. 37 of 2017

Public Prosecutor

v

Pramanik Liton

ex tempore Judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Rape]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Pramanik Liton

[2017] SGHC 110

High Court — Criminal Case No 37 of 2017  
Choo Han Teck J  
16–19 May 2017

19 May 2017

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The prosecution’s case against you is that you abducted and raped the
complainant on 8 February 2015 between 1.45pm and 3.37pm at a forested area
off the Lornie trail in the MacRitchie Park.

2 Its primary evidence against you was the testimony of the complainant
herself. She testified that you used a knife to intimidate her and gagged her
mouth and nose with your hand until she passed out. You then carried her into
the forested area a short distance in and when she regained consciousness you
raped her twice and made her perform oral sex on you.

3 Her evidence was clear, cogent and consistent. It was amply corroborated by
the forensic evidence and your statements to the police.

4 A knife that was found near the scene of the crime was tested for DNA and
fingerprints. The right thumb print of your hand was found on the blade of the
knife, and the complainant’s DNA, possibly from her sweat when you pressed the
knife against her neck, was found on its handle.

5 Your DNA and semen were detected on the three pieces of distinctive tissue
papers that you used to clean yourself after the act. The tissue papers were
found at the scene by the police.

6 Similarly, your DNA and semen were detected on the complainant’s white top
and panties. Semen also showed up in the swab taken from the complainant’s
mouth and vagina.

7 You admitted to the offences when questioned by the police, but of the
statements adduced by the prosecution, you refused to sign one, and in court,
denied your signature on the others. The Bengali interpreters seemed as
surprised as anyone when told that you denied signing the statements they had
interpreted back to you.

8 Against the totality of this evidence, it seemed that your only possible
defence is that of consensual sex. The complainant’s evidence, which I accept,
is sufficient to persuade me that she had not consented. Only a credible
account from you might have raised a doubt in your favour.

9 But we heard nothing near that. Your evidence was bizarre and
incomprehensible. It consisted, first, of an outright denial, which against
the weight of the evidence, seems to be a defence of desperation.

10 Secondly, you claim that the woman whom you accosted in the park had died.
Clearly she had not or this would have been the world’s first supernatural
trial. I see nothing supernatural, only a traumatised woman who has convinced
me that you committed the offences upon which you are being tried.

11 I therefore find you guilty as charged on the first, second, third and
sixth charges and convict you accordingly.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Stella Tan and Sruthi Boppana (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for prosecution  
Accused in-person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

