Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 284

High Court/Suit No 152 of 2015

Between

HG Metal Manufacturing Limited

… Plaintiff

And

1\. Gayathri Steels Pte Ltd

2\. Vashiharan Navaratnam

3\. Sherine Sangeetha Navaratnam

… Defendants

A N D

Between

Gayathri Steels Pte Ltd

… Plaintiff-in-Counterclaim

And

HG Metal Manufacturing Limited

… Defendant-in-Counterclaim

judgment

[Credit and security] – [Guarantees and indemnities] – [Guarantor]

[Sale of goods] – [Breach of contract]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
HG Metal Manufacturing Ltd

  
v

  

Gayathri Steels Pte Ltd and others

[2017] SGHC 284

High Court — HC/Suit No 152 of 2015  
Choo Han Teck J  
26–29 September, 3–6 October; 6 November 2017

9 November 2017 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is a company in the business of supplying steel, and the first
defendant was one of its customers. The second and third defendants (who are
husband and wife) are guarantors of the trade debts owed by the first
defendant to the plaintiff. The first defendant is also in the business of
selling steel.

2 The plaintiff’s claim in this action is for S$411,647.21 and US$998,763.03.
It claims these sums (together with interest and costs) being unpaid money for
steel supplied to the order of the first defendant and guaranteed by the
second and third defendants who are both directors of the first defendant. The
first defendant counterclaims against the plaintiff for damages for breach of
contract.

3 There is no dispute that the first defendant had been a customer of the
plaintiff from 1999. The second defendant says that the plaintiff has been the
first defendant’s main supplier of steel. By May 2013, the first defendant
owed the plaintiff US$874,294.50 and S$264,714.16 for steel supplied, with
more than half of that having been outstanding for at least three months. The
plaintiff therefore took steps to help manage the repayment of those
outstanding debts. The parties discussed various options. By 21 February 2014,
various draft credit agreements were prepared.

4 No clear agreement was reached and none of the draft credit agreements were
signed. Throughout the negotiation period, the first defendant made several
promises to pay even though it did not keep up with the actual payments.
Despite this, the first defendant claims that the parties had reached an
agreement on 21 February 2014.

5 The first defendant puts forward a defence that is so unreasonable that it
cannot be accepted. I will set out the defence as summarised by the first
defendant’s counsel in his closing submission. Counsel submitted:

a. The Defendants are not liable to the Plaintiff for the unpaid steel
supplied by the Plaintiff as of 31 July 2014, because:

i. The Plaintiff had restructured the 1st Defendant’s payment obligations for
set of invoices classified as the MB Account by virtue of a Profit Sharing
Agreement that came into existence around the 16th of January 2014.

ii. The Plaintiff had terminated the agreement by conduct or breached a term
when it refused to continue supplies under the profit sharing agreement.
Discontinuing supplies discharged the 1st Defendant of its obligation to pay
any amounts classified under the MB account; and

iii. the Plaintiff is liable to the 1st Defendant for damages flowing from its
refusal to supply materials to the 1st Defendant under the “Profit Sharing
Agreement”.

b. In the alternative to (a) above, the Plaintiff is estopped from pursuing
the payments from the 1st Defendant, because:

i. The Plaintiff represented to the 1st Defendants that it would restructure
the 1st Defendant’s payment obligations, and the 1st Defendant acted to its
detriment in reliance of this representation; or

ii. It would be unreasonable for the Plaintiff to demand immediate payment in
light of the long-standing course of dealing between the Plaintiff and
Defendant.

…

Given the undisputed fact that the plaintiff had been selling and supplying
steel to the first defendant as vendor and purchaser, and the fact that at
least up to 16 January 2014 there were money due from the first defendant to
the plaintiff by reason of the first defendant not paying its bills on time,
the first defendant’s defence implies that the plaintiff was willing to forgo
its unbridled strength as an unpaid vendor by “re-structuring” the first
defendant’s debts such that the first defendant is absolved from paying the
due debts, and furthermore, will henceforth share its profits with the
plaintiff without having to disclose who the first defendant’s customers might
be.

6 The first defendant further claims that the plaintiff failed to continue the
supply of steel to the first defendant and that is tantamount to a discharge
of the first defendant’s obligations to pay for steel previously ordered and
delivered but remaining unpaid. Furthermore, the first defendant claims that
the plaintiff’s failure to supply steel was tantamount to a breach of their
Profit Sharing Agreement for which it now claims damages by way of its
counterclaim.

7 In contrast, the documentary evidence of monthly statements and email
correspondence supports the plaintiff’s case that the first defendant had been
behind in payment for too long, and when the plaintiff decided to tighten its
credit control, the parties negotiated for a suitable scheme. In the course of
the negotiations, it was suggested that the first defendant would authorise
its customers to pay directly to the plaintiff for steel that were sold to the
first defendant by the plaintiff.

8 That scheme could not work because the first defendant declined to let the
plaintiff know who its customers were. More negotiations led to various drafts
of a credit agreement, designed to formalise the credit control of steel sold
to the first defendant.

9 The first defendant’s defence rests entirely on the Credit Agreement of 21
February 2014 but the said agreement was not signed because the long drawn
negotiations led to no agreement. The parties could not agree on essential and
central terms of the said agreement. The last email in the negotiations ended
with the first defendant’s email stating why it would not sign the Credit
Agreement. The email went unanswered as the parties obviously reached an
impasse. That being so, the first defendant stands without a defence on the
debts as evidence at trial. The parties were left where they started — the
plaintiff demanding payment for steel supplied.

10 The first defendant’s counterclaim in so far as it rides on the existence
of the Credit Agreement must therefore fail as well. The first defendant
obviously cannot sell steel if it is unable to persuade its supplier (the
plaintiff) to extend credit. No commercial law requires the plaintiff to be
bound to losses incurred by the first defendant in such circumstances.

11 The first defendant’s defence on estoppel similarly has no merits. It is
unable to identify any statement that carries a promise not to sue for
payment. Gratuitous indulgences in themselves do not amount to an actionable
estoppel. This action is a straight-forward demand for payment of goods sold
and delivered by a long suffering supplier to the first defendant.

12 For the reasons above, I am allowing the Plaintiff’s claim against the
first defendant for the sums of S$411,647.21 and US$998,763.03 (“the
Outstanding Sums”) for the outstanding amount of unpaid goods with interest
pursuant to s 12 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed).

13 The Plaintiff is claiming against the second and third defendants for the
Outstanding Sums under a Letter of Guarantee dated 24 July 2013 (“the July
Guarantee”). The second and third defendants alleged that the Letter of
Guarantee is invalid because they were unduly pressured into signing it or
that there were false representations made to them. I do not find it necessary
to consider these allegations. Contrary to the submissions by counsel for the
Plaintiff, I find that the July Guarantee had been superseded by the later
guarantee dated 24 September 2013 (“the September Guarantee”). Under cross-
examination, the senior manager of the Plaintiff disagreed that the September
Guarantee supersedes the July guarantee and went on to explain that the
September Guarantee was “drafted specifically such that it would cover old and
new debts”. She then stated that the July Guarantee was also meant to “[cover]
old and new debts”. This led the lawyer to question the distinction between
the two guarantees, to which she answered “[t]he [September Guarantee] is
worded more professionally. It was drafted by a lawyer….I do not know who
drafted the [July Guarantee]”. Indeed, both the July and September Guarantees
covered all sums payable by the first defendant for orders made from the
Plaintiff. But the difference highlighted by the senior manager was not the
only difference between the two guarantees. Significantly, the July Guarantee
imposes a compound interest of 2% per month for late payment but the September
Guarantee does not. The September Guarantee also contains an arbitration
agreement. There cannot be two sets of rules applying to the liabilities of
the second and third defendants in relation to the same debt. The Plaintiff
clearly intended the September Guarantee to supersede the July Guarantee and
the second and third defendants understood it as such. The second and third
defendants tried to rely on the arbitration agreement in the September
Guarantee. But their objection to the matter being litigated was not pleaded
and no application for a stay of proceedings in favour of arbitration was
taken out. In fact, the second and third defendants submitted to the
jurisdiction of this court and participated in the trial.

14 Under the September Guarantee, the second and third defendants would have
been jointly and severally liable for the Outstanding Sums. Although counsel
for the Plaintiff submitted at trial that the Plaintiff is relying on both the
July Guarantee and the September Guarantee, the Plaintiff specifically pleaded
in its Reply that it is “not relying on the terms of the September Guarantee”
in its Statement of Claim and chose to rely on the July Guarantee instead.
Since that is the Plaintiff’s claim, I am making no orders against the second
and third defendants, having found the July Guarantee to have been superseded.

15 Costs to follow the event and be taxed if not agreed.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Sim Kwan Kiat, Mark Ortega and Zhao Jiawei (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for
the plaintiff and defendant-in-counterclaim  
Pratap Kishan and Larisa Cheng (Ho Wong Law Practice LLC) for the defendants
and plaintiff-in-counterclaim.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

