Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 182

Suit No 1311 of 2015  
Summons Nos 2483 of 2016 and 1814 of 2017

Between

| Liberty Sky Investments Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Dr Goh Seng Heng  
---|---  
(2)| Goh Ming Li Michelle  
  
… Respondents

grounds of decision

[Injunctions] — [Mareva injunction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Liberty Sky Investments Ltd

  
v

  

Goh Seng Heng and another

[2017] SGHC 182

High Court — Suit No 1311 of 2015 (Summons No 2483 of 2016 and Summons No 1814
of 2017)  
Debbie Ong JC  
7, 8 and 10 June, 29 July, 20 September 2016, 10 November 2016; 15 and 18 May
2017

28 July 2017

Debbie Ong JC:

1 This decision concerns two applications. Summons No 2483 of 2016 (“SUM
2483”) of Suit 1311 of 2015 (“Suit 1311”) is the plaintiff’s application for a
freezing order or Mareva injunction against the defendants. Summons No 1814 of
2017 (“SUM 1814”) is the first defendant’s application for the discharge of
the Mareva injunction granted in SUM 2483.

2 For completeness, I mention a related application in Originating Summons No
509 of 2016 (“OS 509”). In OS 509, the plaintiff sought to compel the Oversea-
Chinese Banking Corporation (“OCBC”) to disclose certain documents relating to
the first defendant’s bank account in order to identify third parties, if any,
from whom it may seek recovery of monies related to its claim in Suit 1311. As
SUM 2483 and OS 509 are related, they were heard together. My decision on OS
509 is set out in Liberty Sky Investments Ltd v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp
Ltd and another [2017] SGHC 20 (“LSI v OCBC”). The background facts of Suit
1311 can be found in LSI v OCBC (at [4] to [11]).

Background

3 In brief, the plaintiff’s cause of action in Suit 1311 is that of fraudulent
misrepresentation by the first defendant (“Dr Goh”) and the second defendant,
Dr Goh’s daughter, Dr Michelle Goh (“Michelle”), to the plaintiff’s
representatives, Mdm Gong Ruilin (“Mdm Gong”) and Mr Lin Lijun (“Mr Lin”). In
the alternative, the plaintiff alleged that the defendants made negligent
misstatements. The plaintiff’s case is that the representations caused it to
purchase 32,049 shares in Aesthetic Medical Partners Pte Ltd (“AMP”) from Dr
Goh for the sum of $14,442,050 (“the Sale Price”). The pleaded
misrepresentations are mainly that:

(a) a trade sale of all the shares in AMP to Mr Peter Lim (“Mr Lim”), or a
company controlled by Mr Lim, was imminent and would take place within one
month from 23 October 2014 (“the Trade Sale representation”);

(b) in the event that the trade sale to Mr Lim did not materialise, the
defendants planned to list AMP through an initial public offering (“IPO”) on
the Singapore Exchange Mainboard, which was targeted for completion around
March to June 2015, and that in any event an IPO would take place no later
than 24 months after any acquisition of shares in AMP by the plaintiff (“the
IPO representation”); and

(c) there were minority shareholders in AMP who could stifle the trade sale or
IPO. The defendants needed to buy the interests of these shareholders out, and
required funding from Mdm Gong and/or Mr Lin (or their nominee, ie, the
plaintiff) (“the Minority Shareholders representation”).

4 At the time of the hearing, the plaintiff sought the following reliefs in
the main suit:

(a) the rescission of the SPA;

(b) that Dr Goh returns the Sale Price to the plaintiff;

(c) that the Dr Goh and Michelle pay damages to the plaintiff in the sum of:

(i) $28,844.10 being the stamp duties payable by the plaintiff pursuant to the
SPA;

(ii) $598,233.35 being the foreign exchange loss suffered by the plaintiff;
and

(iii) $7,567,249.64 being an amount the plaintiff would have earned if it had
not purchased AMP’s shares and had instead invested the monies in a public
fund. Alternatively, the plaintiff sought a sum assessed based on its loss of
opportunity of generating returns from investing the Sale Price.

5 In SUM 2483, the plaintiff applied for an interlocutory injunction against
the defendants to restrain them from disposing their assets up to the sum of
$22,616,377.09 (the “LS Mareva injunction”). I granted the LS Mareva
injunction against Dr Goh but declined to do so as against Michelle.

6 On 13 April 2017, the Court of Appeal heard the appeal against a separate
freezing order taken out by a different set of plaintiffs against Dr Goh in
Suit 111 of 2016 (“Suit 111”). The Court of Appeal discharged the Mareva
injunction in Suit 111 but did not release written grounds for its decision.
In view of the successful appeal against the Mareva injunction in Suit 111, Dr
Goh took out SUM 1814 for the discharge of the LS Mareva injunction granted in
SUM 2483. I dismissed the application.

7 I now give my grounds for both the grant of the LS Mareva injunction against
Dr Goh in SUM 2483 and the dismissal of his application for its discharge in
SUM 1814.

SUM 2483 — application for the LS Mareva injunction

8 There are two requirements which the plaintiff must satisfy before the court
will grant a Mareva injunction. The Court of Appeal in Bouvier, Yves Charles
Edgar and another v Accent Delight International Ltd and another and another
appeal [2015] 5 SLR 558 (“Bouvier”) stated the legal principles clearly (at
[36]):

The requirements for the grant of Mareva relief are well established… (a) a
good arguable case on the merits of the plaintiff’s claim; and (b) a real risk
that the defendant will dissipate his assets to frustrate the enforcement of
an anticipated judgment of the court (referred to hereafter as a “real risk of
dissipation” for short where appropriate to the context). A good arguable case
is one which is “more than barely capable of serious argument, but not
necessarily one which the judge considers would have a better than 50 per cent
chance of success”: Ninemia Maritime Corporation v Trave
Schiffahrtgesellschaft mbH und Co KG (The Niedersachsen) [1983] 2 Lloyd’s Rep
600 at 605 per Mustill J. In respect of a real risk of dissipation, there must
be some “solid evidence” to demonstrate the risk, and not just bare assertions
to that effect: Guan Chong Cocoa Manufacturer Sdn Bhd v Pratiwi Shipping SA
[2003] 1 SLR(R) 157 at [18] per Chao Hick Tin JA.

Thus, in short, the first requirement is that the plaintiff has a good
arguable case, and the second is that there is a real risk that the defendant
will dissipate his assets to frustrate the enforcement of a judgment, if any.

Good arguable case

9 As the assessment of the case is undertaken at the interlocutory stage, only
a good arguable case needs to be shown. A good arguable case is one that is
“more than barely capable of serious argument” and need not be one that “the
judge considers would have a better than 50 per cent chance of success” (see
Bouvier at [36]).

10 In the present case, the plaintiff’s primary case is in fraudulent
misrepresentation. In order to assess whether the plaintiff has a good
arguable case, reference is made to the elements of the plaintiff’s cause of
action in fraudulent misrepresentation, which are, in brief:

(a) a false representation made by the defendant in the knowledge that it was
false and with the intention that the plaintiff should act on the
representation;

(b) reliance by the plaintiff on the misrepresentation in entering the SPA;
and

(c) the plaintiff suffered damage as a result.

11 In OS 509, I found that the plaintiff had demonstrated a prima facie case
of its claim in fraudulent misrepresentation against Dr Goh (see LSI v OCBC at
[26] – [45]). Although the standard in the present application is that a “good
arguable case” has to be shown, the evidence that had led to my finding of a
prima facie case of fraudulent misrepresentation for the purposes of OS 509
also met the requirement for a good arguable case for the purposes of the
present application in SUM 2483. I refrain from repeating the discussion in
LSI v OCBC but will highlight the main evidence that led me to my finding of a
good arguable case in SUM 2483.

Whether a false representation was made by Dr Goh in the knowledge that it was
false and the intention that the plaintiff should act on it

12 First, I found that there was a good arguable case that Dr Goh had made the
representations set out in [3] above. There was documentary evidence in the
affidavit of Mdm Gong indicating that Dr Goh had represented to Mdm Gong and
Mr Lin a trade sale or IPO was imminent and he needed the funds from them
urgently to buy out the minority shareholders (for details of the documentary
evidence, such as email and WhatsApp messages sent by Dr Goh to Mdm Gong and
Mr Lin, see [31] of LSI v OCBC). This created the impression that he did not
have the necessary funds himself.

13 Second, I accepted that a serious argument could be made that Dr Goh made
the said representations without a reasonable basis or an honest belief in
their truth. The evidence shown by Dr Goh were only suggestive of preliminary
discussions between Dr Goh or AMP and Mr Lim’s company, Thomson Medical Pte
Ltd. There were no subsequent negotiations or follow-up actions suggesting
that parties worked or intended to work towards an eventual trade sale (see
LSI v OCBC at [35]). The same is true with regard to the alleged potential
trade sale to Temasek Holdings (see LSI v OCBC at [36]). As for the IPO
representation, the evidence adduced by Dr Goh only showed that there were
preliminary discussions about a possible IPO taking place in October and
November 2013 with the latest correspondence in February 2014. There was no
evidence that Dr Goh had any factual basis for making the representation to
the plaintiff on the IPO in October 2014 (see LSI v OCBC at [37]). In relation
to the Minority Shareholder representation, while Dr Goh had an agreement with
two of the minority shareholders to be the proxy over all of their voting
rights, it was not shown that the other minority shareholders would have been
able to stifle any potential trade sale or IPO or that they had the intention
to do so (see LSI v OCBC at [38]).

14 Third, from the documentary evidence available, I was satisfied that Dr Goh
had painted a pressing situation where the funds were urgently needed to buy
out minority shareholders. I therefore found a good arguable case that Dr Goh
intended for his representations to induce the plaintiff into investing and
entering the SPA within a short timeframe.

Reliance by the plaintiff on the misrepresentation in entering the SPA

15 Dr Goh took the position that the plaintiff was aware of and accepted the
possibility that the trade sale or IPO may not take place. He cited certain
terms of the SPA in support of this (see LSI v OCBC at [9] and [41]). But this
does not mean that the plaintiff did not consider it a likely outcome or that
Dr Goh’s representations as to the trade sale and IPO did not induce it to
enter into the SPA. The Court of Appeal has established in Panatron Pte Ltd
and another v Lee Cheow Lee and another [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435 at [23] that the
misrepresentations need not be the sole inducement to a party entering into a
transaction. The misrepresentations would be actionable if they played a real
and substantial role in the plaintiff’s decision to enter into the SPA. Thus,
for the same reasons set out in LSI v OCBC (at [43] and [44]), I was satisfied
that there is a good arguable case that the plaintiff relied on the
misrepresentations by Dr Goh and as a result, were induced into entering the
SPA.

Plaintiff’s alleged damage as a result of the misrepresentations

16 I accepted that there was a serious argument to be made that the plaintiff
invested the Sale Price due to the misrepresentations and incurred losses as a
result. Besides the loss suffered due to the difference between the Sale Price
and the current value of the shares, the plaintiff had also shown a good
arguable case of losses stemming from stamp duties paid and foreign exchange
losses.

17 I therefore found that the plaintiff had shown a good arguable case against
Dr Goh for their claim of fraudulent misrepresentation.

Real risk of dissipation

18 The plaintiff bears the burden of demonstrating that there is “solid
evidence” that Dr Goh would dissipate his assets to frustrate the enforcement
of an anticipated judgment (see Bouvier at [36]).

19 I accepted that the plaintiff had shown solid evidence of a risk of
dissipation on the part of Dr Goh. I considered the conduct of Dr Goh with
respect to the misrepresentations made and the findings of a report prepared
by Ferrier Hodgson Singapore.

Allegations of dishonesty

20 The court may infer a real risk of dissipation from a good arguable case of
dishonesty. This alleged dishonesty, if well-substantiated, would be relevant.
However, Bouvier also clarified that dishonesty on the part of the defendant
in itself, without more, would not necessarily result in a finding of a risk
of dissipation, but depended on the nature of the dishonesty being alleged.
The Court of Appeal observed that (at [95]–[96]):

This is not a case where Mr Bouvier misappropriated the respondents’ assets
through a series of fictitious or illusory transactions…. The fraud or
dishonesty that is alleged in this case is not in the nature of a complex
machination or an elaborate scheme. The ploy in this case, if proved, was
deceptively simple: Mr Bouvier exploited the asymmetries of information
inherent in an opaque market to turn a profit.

[emphasis added]

The court has to study the specific allegations of dishonesty levelled at the
defendant in each case. The allegations of dishonesty, if proven to the
standard required of a good arguable case, will be relevant if it is of such a
nature that it has a real and material bearing on the risk of dissipation (see
Bouvier at [93] and [94]).

21 In the present case, the cause of action is fraudulent misrepresentation.
One of the elements in proving this cause of action is dishonesty on the part
of Dr Goh — he must be shown to have made the representation despite knowing
it to be false. The alleged dishonest conduct is at the heart of the claim
against Dr Goh. He is alleged to have represented facts he knew to be false or
had no reasonable basis for believing were true in order to persuade the
plaintiff to invest in the company. The stories Dr Goh allegedly told are not
the sort that stemmed from naivety or an abundance of optimism. The alleged
misrepresentations, if proven to be true, were likely carefully crafted in
order to obtain funds from the plaintiff in the shortest possible time — by
combining the promise of a golden opportunity with the need to secure it
urgently. I found these allegations of fraud to have been made out to the
standard required of a good arguable case. This finding went towards my
assessment of whether there is a real risk that Dr Goh will dissipate his
assets to avoid enforcement of a judgment that may be obtained by the
plaintiff.

22 My view that there is a real risk of dissipation of assets is also
supported by findings of questionable conduct set out in a report prepared by
Ferrier Hodgson Singapore (“the FH Report”). The FH Report was commissioned by
a different set of parties who were plaintiffs in Suit 111 of 2016 (“Suit
111”) in support of their application for a freezing order against Dr Goh and
Michelle. The FH Report was relied on to prove that Dr Goh and Michelle had
breached their fiduciary duties owed to the plaintiffs in Suit 111. The
parties agreed that the FH Report is admissible. However, Dr Goh submitted
that little weight ought to be given to the report. I found the FH Report to
be relevant. If the FH Report shows that Dr Goh had acted with a lack of
commercial morality, this could demonstrate that Dr Goh’s probity may not be
relied on (Solvadis Commodity Chemicals GmbH v Affert Resources Pte Ltd [2014]
1 SLR 174 at [23]).

23 In examining Dr Goh’s conduct as set out by the FH Report, I found the
following matters to have raised the greatest concern, and were the most
relevant to the issue of whether fraud or dishonesty indicating a risk of
dissipation existed:

(a) Licence Agreement (“LA”)

(b) The small cheque mechanism

(c) Contract for professional services 2016 (“CPS”)

(d) Use of small cheque mechanism pursuant to the CPS

(e) The alleged round-tripping

Licence Agreement

24 A Licence Agreement (“LA”) dated 1 July 2014 was entered into by Dr Goh and
GSHKML Pte Ltd, AMP and Aesthetic Medical Holdings Pte Ltd (“AMH”), a wholly
owned subsidiary of AMP. The directors of GSHKML Pte Ltd are said to be Dr Goh
and his family members. Under the LA, Dr Goh was to be paid a one-time down
payment of $3,745,000, monthly payments of $267,500 for the period of 1 July
2014 to 30 June 2015, a payment of $535,000 on 1 January of every calendar
year and monthly royalty payments of $267,500 in perpetuity. These payments
were “royalty payments” for the intellectual property in Dr Goh, his name,
trade marks relating to Dr Goh’s name and his medical methods, which he
licensed to AMP. Between July 2014 and October 2015, Dr Goh was paid
approximately $8 million.

25 The circumstances surrounding the commercial viability and justification
for the LA raised some concerns. Prior to the LA, Dr Goh was being paid a
monthly salary of $200,000 under a 2012 Service Agreement, which is
significantly less than the sums payable under the LA. It was not shown in
these proceedings that the 2012 Service Agreement was terminated.

26 Whilst there was a board resolution approving the LA, all the signatories
were, save for Mr Yao Zhi Lian, family members of Dr Goh. The plaintiff
submitted that given that a substantial portion of the shareholding of AMP was
held by shareholders other than Dr Goh, his family members, and RSP
Investments, it was irregular that shareholder ratification of the resolution
was not obtained. Instead, it appeared that the shareholders of AMP were kept
in the dark about the large sums of royalty payments made to Dr Goh under the
LA.

27 The FH Report gave the impression that Dr Goh was systematically extracting
funds from AMP to the detriment of other shareholders and creditors of AMP.

The small cheque mechanism

28 In June 2015, corporate governance measures were imposed in AMP which
required that cheques for sums greater than $100,000 be signed by both Mr
Nelson Loh (“Nelson”) (a director of AMP) and Dr Goh. In a WhatsApp
conversation dated 18 November 2015, Dr Goh discussed a “smaller cheque
mechanism” with other AMP personnel (ie, Michelle, Denie and Lee Kin Yun
(“LKY”)). This conversation arose after Nelson queried whether AMP had paid Dr
Goh royalties (presumably under the LA) with “smaller cheques”. In the
messages, Dr Goh discussed and suggested how to “craft [a] reply” to Nelson to
pre-empt any more queries. The messages and tone used revealed the existence
of clandestine conduct which the persons involved sought to conceal. They
demonstrated Dr Goh’s willingness to bypass corporate governance measures.

Contract for Professional Services 2016

29 The FH Report also detailed a number of actions taken by Dr Goh in the
early months of 2016. First, on 25 January 2016, Dr Goh entered into a
Contract of Professional Services (“CPS”) with AMP for the sum of
approximately $816,000. The CPS is a short document of just three paragraphs
stating that AMP had engaged Dr Goh as a “professional locum” to service
patients and that “Dr Goh has requested his compensation to be a minimum 60%
of AMP’s gross top lines to be paid weekly”. Even though the CPS was dated 25
January 2016, the CPS purported to grant Dr Goh the benefit of all sales from
an earlier period, commencing November 2015.

30 It is noted that the Contract was signed by LKY – a party aligned with Dr
Goh – as acting CEO on behalf of AMP, and that there was no board approval
sought for the CPS. LKY was recorded in the FH report as advising that board
approval for the CPS was not necessary because it was an “operational matter
that could be agreed between him and Dr Goh”. LKY stated that the CPS was
required because the “royalty payments had been stopped [and] there was a need
to have Dr Goh engaged”. From the evidence before me, it appeared that the CPS
was entered into after Dr Goh demanded royalty payment for November 2015 but
was not paid.

31 However, in my view, the entry into the CPS did not seem to be a purely
operational decision. The fact that it allowed Dr Goh to be paid 60% of all
sales (including packages with future obligations to provide services) meant
that the CPS would have had a great financial impact on AMP. It was quite
unlikely that such a contract would only be an “operational decision” which
the other directors or shareholders would think can be entered into
unilaterally by LKY. I also considered the plaintiff’s submission that Dr Goh
was already obliged to work for the company under the 2012 Service Agreement
and there was no reason to think that the CPS was required to procure his
continued services.

Use of the small cheque mechanism pursuant to the CPS

32 Dr Goh was issued ten small cheques amounting to $816,811.99 from AMP only
two days after the CPS was entered into (ie, on 27 January 2016). This
appeared to be an attempt to circumvent the corporate governance procedure
noted above. Shortly thereafter on 2 February 2016, Dr Goh resigned from AMP.
In this regard, LKY’s explanation for the commercial necessity of the CPS,
namely that Dr Goh had informed LKY that he would not be working for AMP if he
was not paid, and that the CPS was therefore “critical to the survival of
AMP’s business”, is inconsistent with Dr Goh’s subsequent resignation as a
director of AMP on 2 February 2016, 8 days after entering into the CPS.

33 The manner in and the pace with which these events took place, the apparent
lack of commercial justification for the CPS, the lack of board approval for
the CPS, the issuance of ten small cheques to circumvent the corporate
governance measures and Dr Goh’s subsequent resignation from AMP caused grave
concerns.

The alleged round-tripping

34 On the same day when the ten cheques were issued, Mdm Koh Mui Lee (“Mdm
Koh”) (Dr Goh’s wife) loaned $700,000 to AMH. This was referred to by the
plaintiff as the “round-tripping” of funds where funds moved from Mdm Koh to
AMH and from AMP to Dr Goh. The loan was disbursed pursuant to a loan
agreement between Mdm Koh and AMH dated 22 October 2015. As provided in the
loan agreement, a charge and mortgage were registered against two D’Leedon
properties in January 2016 as security for the loan.

35 Whilst it is true that the loan agreement had been signed before the
disbursement of $700,000, there remained some doubt as to whether these
transactions were all above-board. Dr Goh argued that it did not make sense
for Mdm Koh to put money into AMH for the purposes of paying Dr Goh when Dr
Goh could simply have been paid directly under the CPS without the loan from
Mdm Koh. He also pointed out that AMH and AMP are separate legal entities, and
that the $700,000 received by AMH from Mdm Koh went to paying doctors’ fees,
staff salaries and the like, so there was no “round-tripping”.

36 Although AMP and AMH were separate entities, they were also parent and
subsidiary companies with matters managed as a group of companies. The LA was
signed by representatives from AMP and AMH. AMH had borrowed a sum of more
than $4 million from AMP to purchase the D’Leedon properties. In the minutes
of an extraordinary general meeting of AMH dated 23 October 2015, AMP called
for immediate repayment of the loan to meet its “cashflow requirements”. It
was in this context that Mdm Koh offered to extend a “bridging loan” of $2
million to AMH “for the purpose of repaying” the monies loaned by AMP to AMH.
Pursuant to this resolution, Mdm Koh entered into the loan agreement with AMH
and transferred $700,000 to AMH. It appeared to me from this that Mdm Koh’s
monies were intended to put AMH in funds to repay its loan to AMP (and thereby
ease AMP’s cash flow issues as well).

37 On the face of AMP’s financials in 2015 and as observed in the FH Report,
there was a large deterioration in AMP’s cash and cash equivalents from 2014
to 2015. A pay-out of $816,811.99 to Dr Goh would have depleted a very
substantial portion of AMP’s cash reserves. The plaintiff submits even if
there was no round tripping, this was another instance of Dr Goh preferring
his own interests by taking a large sum from the company which had cash flow
issues.

Finding on real risk of dissipation

38 In my view, the plaintiff had shown that there is a good arguable case that
Dr Goh made the fraudulent misrepresentations detailed at [3] above. At the
heart of the fraudulent misrepresentations is Dr Goh’s dishonest conduct in
making claims that he knew to be untrue or had no reasonable basis to believe
to be true. There is solid evidence in the form of various email and WhatsApp
messages from Dr Goh to Mdm Gong and Mr Lin containing the misrepresentations
which I found to have been proven to the standard of a good arguable case.

39 Further, the plaintiff had also adduced “solid evidence” demonstrating a
lack of probity on the part of Dr Goh in his dealings with others, which is
indicative of a propensity to dissipate assets through the use of covert
devices. The key points from the FH Report as described above are suggestive
of the lack of commercial morality on Dr Goh’s part and reveal Dr Goh’s
adeptness and inclination to shift funds through various devices. In fact, the
overall picture painted by the FH Report is that Dr Goh meticulously sought to
extract moneys from AMP through questionable means for his own benefit.

40 I therefore found that there was a real risk of dissipation by Dr Goh of
his assets in order to frustrate the enforcement of a judgment against him in
Suit 1311.

Claim against Michelle

41 I had some doubts as to whether there was a good arguable case in the cause
of action of fraudulent misrepresentations as against Michelle. Most of the
plaintiff’s submissions focused on representations made by Dr Goh. In the
email and WhatsApp messages adduced as evidence, Michelle was only a
participant and even then, only in some conversations.

42 I did not find that the plaintiff had adduced solid evidence of a risk of
dissipation in respect of Michelle. The alleged misrepresentations were made
by Dr Goh and did little in revealing Michelle’s state of mind. The concerns
raised in the FH Report also pertained mainly to the actions of Dr Goh. While
Michelle was a participant in some conversations, I did not think that this
was sufficient basis in itself for me to find a risk of dissipation on
Michelle’s part.

43 Accordingly, I dismissed the plaintiff’s application for a freezing
injunction in respect of Michelle.

Delay in making the application

44 Dr Goh submitted that the court should dismiss the plaintiff’s application
because of the plaintiff’s inexplicable delay in making the application. While
mere delay, by itself, will not be dispositive of the plaintiff’s action for a
Mareva injunction, it may be indicative of a collateral purpose on the
plaintiff’s part (see Bouvier at [109]-[114]). The inquiry thus centres on the
length of the delay and the plaintiff’s explanations for it against all the
circumstances of the case.

45 I took the view that the delay on the plaintiff’s part was not too
significant and did not render the plaintiff’s application liable to be
dismissed solely on that ground. It is undisputed that Mdm Gong was part of
the AMP board of directors from 8 June to 25 November 2015. However, being
based in China, I accepted that she did not have intimate knowledge of the
actions Dr Goh was taking vis-à-vis AMP. Even if she did have some knowledge
of the transactions, Mdm Gong may not have understood that these transactions
were improper until the release of the FH Report, by which time she was no
longer a director. I was also prepared to accept the plaintiff’s position that
it only came to know of the FH Report and the injunction in Suit 111 sometime
in April 2016.

46 In this regard, a delay of about a month from the time of discovery of the
FH Report and the freezing injunction in Suit 111 was not too significant and
would not in and of itself cause the plaintiff’s application for an injunction
to be dismissed. I was therefore prepared to grant an injunction against Dr
Goh.

Quantum of injunction

47 The issue that remained was the amount to be frozen under the injunction in
respect of Dr Goh. The object of a Mareva injunction is to ensure that a
defendant does not dissipate assets beyond a certain value so as to frustrate
a judgment that the plaintiff may obtain against the defendant. If some of the
plaintiff’s heads of claim are unlikely to result in a judgment for that sum,
it would be unfair to the defendant to prevent him from dealing with those
amounts. The plaintiff thus needs to show prima facie proof that it incurred
such loss and show justification for the amount over which it seeks to prevent
the defendant from dealing (see S & F International Ltd v Trans-con
Engineering Sdn Bhd [1985] 1 MLJ 62 (“Trans-Con”) (cited in the Court of
Appeal decision of Choy Chee Keen Collin v Public Utilities Board [1996] 3
SLR(R) 812 at [46]) and Art Trend Ltd v Blue Dolphin (Pte) Ltd and others
[1981-1982] SLR(R) 633 at [8] (upheld on appeal: Art Trend Ltd v Blue Dolphin
(Pte) Ltd and others [1983-1984] SLR(R) 105)).

48 The reliefs sought by the plaintiff in Suit 1311 are set out in [4] above.
In my view, the plaintiff had made out its case for an injunction against Dr
Goh in respect of the amount of the Sale Price, stamp duties and foreign
exchange loss. I accepted the quantum for the Sale Price and stamp duties as
they are clearly indicated in the SPA. I also accepted the plaintiff’s
explanation that the foreign exchange loss is derived from the change in the
RMB to SGD forex rate from the time the Sale Price was transferred to the date
of the Statement of Claim (being 31 December 2015) and adopted the currency
exchange rates submitted by the plaintiff. In the absence of contemporaneous
documents demonstrating that the plaintiff was considering investing in the
public funds at the time of the SPA as an alternative investment, I found the
plaintiff’s claim in respect of the sums it would have earned if it had not
purchased AMP’s shares and had invested the monies in a public fund somewhat
speculative. I therefore declined to grant an injunction against Dr Goh in
respect of those sums.

49 Dr Goh also argued that the plaintiff has security for its claim as it
continues to hold shares in AMP. However, as there is little evidence of the
current worth of the AMP shares, I did not deduct any sum to take into account
the value of the shares.

My decision on the LS Mareva injunction

50 I found that the plaintiff demonstrated a good arguable case and a real
risk of dissipation of assets vis-à-vis Dr Goh. I therefore granted an
injunction against Dr Goh from disposing his assets in Singapore up to the
cumulative value of the Sale Price, the stamp duties as well as the pleaded
foreign exchange losses.

SUM 1814 — application for discharge of the LS Mareva injunction

51 On 13 April 2017, the Court of Appeal discharged a different Mareva
injunction against Dr Goh in Suit 111. Judgment was given immediately after
the parties’ submissions and no written grounds of decision have been
published. Following this, Dr Goh applied for the LS Mareva injunction against
him in SUM 2483 to be discharged on the basis that the Court of Appeal’s
treatment of certain factors should be taken into consideration as a material
change in circumstances.

52 Dr Goh argued that the present LS Mareva injunction was based on material
from Suit 111, particularly the FH report. He submitted that the Court of
Appeal’s decision to discharge the Mareva injunction granted in Suit 111
meant, inter alia, that the allegations in the FH Report were rejected as
being sufficient proof of a real risk that Dr Goh and/or Michelle would
dissipate assets to frustrate potential judgments against them. He argued
that, as a result of this development, the LS Mareva injunction, which was
based on the FH Report, should be discharged.

53 The plaintiff argued that without the Court of Appeal’s written grounds of
decision, its full reasons and treatment of the allegations in the FH Report
are not known. The plaintiff also highlighted that Dr Goh did not produce any
official transcripts or records of the hearing at the Court of Appeal.

54 In SUM 2483, I had found that the plaintiff had established a good arguable
case against Dr Goh in its claim for fraudulent misrepresentation. The Court
of Appeal’s discharge of the Mareva injunction in Suit 111 does not have any
bearing on this finding. Both parties rightly focused on the question of
whether a real risk of dissipation existed at the hearing for SUM 1814.

55 I took the view that there remained a real risk of dissipation on the part
of Dr Goh.

56 First, I agreed that the Court of Appeal’s finding on certain evidence
relied upon by the plaintiff in the present case, such as the FH Report,
should be considered and may even be binding on me. However, without written
grounds of the decision, I was unable to determine the weight placed by the
appellate court on the various issues that were raised in that hearing.

57 Second, I did not think that the FH Report was the sole evidence
demonstrating a lack of probity on the part of Dr Goh. Thus, even if (taking
Dr Goh’s case at its highest) the Court of Appeal placed little weight on the
FH Report or found it to be unreliable, this in itself does not inevitably
lead to the conclusion that the LS Mareva injunction should be discharged. I
reiterate my finding that there is a host of solid evidence in the present
suit that demonstrates a lack of probity on the part of Dr Goh in his dealings
with this particular plaintiff. These are detailed at [23] to [37] above and
also in LSI v OCBC. The sum of the evidence in Suit 1311 before me at this
interlocutory stage presented a strong prima facie case that Dr Goh had acted
dishonestly in making the misrepresentations at [3] to the plaintiff. Such
dishonesty is relevant to the question of the risk of dissipation of assets.
In contrast, Suit 111 was brought by three companies under the AMP Group
against, inter alia, Dr Goh and Michelle for breach of various employment
agreements, breach of directors’ duties owed to the plaintiff as well as
conspiring by unlawful means to injure the plaintiff.

58 Second, Dr Goh highlighted that his status as a senior medical practitioner
was raised before the Court of Appeal and seemed to suggest that this
consideration was accorded significant weight by the appellate court. He
canvassed the same argument before me that as a senior medical practitioner,
he is unlikely to risk bankruptcy in order to frustrate the enforcement of a
judgment against him. I appreciated that Dr Goh is a doctor with considerable
standing in his field. However, the strength of Dr Goh’s status as a senior
doctor must be weighed against the whole of the evidence in the particular
case before me. For example, hypothetically, if a senior medical doctor is
shown to have reached retirement age, has gifted massive sums to his children
and has the ability to leave the jurisdiction and set up home elsewhere, such
facts will be relevant.

New evidence before me

59 My finding in SUM 2483 that there was a real risk of dissipation on the
part of Dr Goh was in fact reinforced by new evidence that arose between the
time the LS Mareva injunction was granted and the time SUM 1814 was heard.

60 First, Dr Goh has now admitted and has amended his defence to concede that
there was in fact no urgent need for the funds as he had sufficient funds to
buy out the minority shareholders. The plaintiff had earlier been successful
in obtaining a discovery order for Dr Goh to disclose his bank account
statements as these were relevant to the alleged misrepresentation that he had
insufficient funds to buy out the minority shareholders. At the appeal against
that order made by the Assistant Registrar, Registrar’s Appeal No 414 of 2016,
Dr Goh submitted that the order was no longer necessary as he had since
amended his defence and admitted that he had in fact sufficient funds at the
material time. I find this to be a significant concession by Dr Goh. If indeed
he had made the representation that he needed funds urgently in order to buy
out the minority investors who could potentially stifle the trade sale or IPO
listing, it would have been false and would show deceptive intention and
conduct. I had found a good arguable case that Dr Goh had made those
representations. I noted in LSI v OCBC (at [31]) that:

(c) On 24 November 2014 (just prior to the execution of the SPA on 25 November
2014), Dr Goh and Mdm Gong discussed the guarantee over the WhatsApp messaging
platform. Dr Goh explained to Mdm Gong that the reason for using AMP to
repurchase the shares at a guaranteed price if no IPO or trade sale was
concluded after 24 months after the date of the SPA was “because we did not
give you sufficient time [and] material for Due Diligence” and that a “quick
decision” was required, though it was “not fair for a quick decision based on
impulsion and little cognition, thus the 2 years of guarantees [sic]”. Dr Goh
assured Mdm Gong that the “chances are that nobody need[s] to guarantee
anything once IPO or Trade Sales [sic] take place very soon” [emphasis added].

(d) Subsequently, on 25 November 2014 (ie, the date the SPA was executed), Dr
Goh told Mdm Gong to “sign the SPA if [you] can, and i will appreciate if you
can tt money to my Bank of Singapore Account asap” as he “[needed] the money
to take out immediately the minority shareholders with voting rights”.

61 Second, Dr Goh had also admitted in the two hearings before me that the
funds from the plaintiff were used to purchase two Sentosa properties, namely
The Berth and Seascape properties as well as some yachts. The two Sentosa
properties were previously put up as security by Dr Goh in exchange for the
discharge of the Mareva injunction in Suit 111. The properties are now
revealed to have been purchased in his children’s names. Dr Goh asserted that
they were gifts from him to his two children, Melissa and Jeremy. The
plaintiff highlighted to me that the contract for the purchase of The Berth
was made one day after Dr Goh entered into the SPA. This is despite Dr Goh
allegedly representing to the plaintiff that its funds are urgently needed to
buy out the minority shareholders. There is now a clear admission that Dr Goh
had used the plaintiff’s monies to purchase two properties in the names of his
children. I accepted the plaintiff’s submission that there is a good arguable
case that Dr Goh had received these monies from the plaintiff through
deceptive means and have put them into assets in the names of his children so
as to shield the assets from the plaintiff’s reach.

62 Dr Goh had also told the court that family monies, amounting to S$18m, of
which he had a share, have now been given to his son, Jeremy, in return for
his agreeing to put up his Sentosa property (which he received as a gift from
Dr Goh) as security to discharge the Mareva injunction in Suit 111. Dr Goh did
not state whether Melissa also similarly received any monies for also putting
up her property (which she received as a gift from Dr Goh) as security to
discharge the injunction. Although the appeal against the grant of the Mareva
injunction in Suit 111 has now been allowed and the charges over the two
Sentosa properties have been removed, there was no explanation by Dr Goh as to
the status of Jeremy’s Sentosa property or the sum of $18m Jeremy received in
the bank account, except that they both remain in Jeremy’s name.

63 At the hearing before me, counsel for Dr Goh argued that allegations of
fraudulent misrepresentation do not give rise to a risk of dissipation, citing
the case of Bouvier (supra at [8]). I did not find this persuasive. At the
time I granted the Mareva injunction in SUM 2483, I was of the view that
Bouvier did not stand for the principle that dishonesty in the form of
fraudulent misrepresentations can never give rise to a risk of dissipation.
The court in Bouvier only made clear that the allegations of dishonesty
against the defendant had to have a real and material bearing upon the risk of
dissipation. In Bouvier, the court found that the alleged dishonesty was not
found to be in “the nature of a complex machination or an elaborate scheme” to
deceive. Rather, the real issue in Bouvier was the legal nature of the
relationship between the parties. I had noted at [20] above that a good
arguable case of dishonesty may allow the court to infer a real risk of
dissipation if it has a real and material bearing on the risk of dissipation
on the part of Dr Goh (Bouvier at [93] and [94]). In the present case, I found
the concessions by Dr Goh to be significant. The new evidence that emerged
suggested a deliberate and dishonest representation to the plaintiff of a
state of affairs that Dr Goh knew was not true. As such, I found the element
of dishonesty in the facts before me to be significant enough to demonstrate a
real risk of dissipation of assets.

Conclusion

64 Although the Court of Appeal had lifted the injunction against the same
defendant, Dr Goh, in a separate suit, I reached my decision on all relevant
facts available in the present application before me. I had before me new
admissions and concessions by Dr Goh that further support my earlier finding
that there was a real risk that he would dissipate his assets to frustrate the
enforcement of a final judgment against him, if any. Having considered these
various developments and for the reasons I have set out, I did not find that
there was a material change of circumstances justifying the discharge of the
LS Mareva injunction and dismissed SUM 1814 accordingly.

Costs

65 After hearing the parties’ submissions, I ordered for costs to be reserved
to the Court of Appeal.

Debbie Ong  
Judicial Commissioner

Harpreet Singh Nehal SC, Keith Han, Tan Tian Yi (Cavenagh Law LLP) for the
applicant;  
Adrian Tan, Kenneth Chua, Goh Chee Hsien Joel, Lim Siok Khoon, Ong Pei Ching,
Yeoh Jean Wern, Hari Veluri (Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC) for the respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

