Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 34

Originating Summons No 253 of 2016 (Summons No 1596 of 2016)

In the matter of Section 27 of the Building and Construction

Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) and Order 95

Rule 2 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of Adjudication Application No SOP/AA059 of 2016

between Rong Shun Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd as the Claimant and C.P.
Ong Construction Pte Ltd as the Respondent and

the Adjudication Determination dated 1 March 2016 issued thereunder

Between

Rong Shun Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd

… Applicant

And

C.P. Ong Construction Pte Ltd

… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Building and Construction Law] — [Sub-contracts] — [Claims by sub-contractor]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Statutes and regulations]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Rong Shun Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd

  
v

  

C.P. Ong Construction Pte Ltd

[2017] SGHC 34

High Court — Originating Summons No 253 of 2016 (Summons No 1596 of 2016)  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
27 May; 28 June 2016

28 February 2017

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

1 Before me is the typical application and cross-application arising out of an
adjudication determination under the Building and Construction Industry
Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The determination
is dated 1 March 2016 and requires the respondent to pay the applicant the
principal sum of $379,530.80. The applicant has applied for and obtained leave
ex parte under s 27 of the Act to enforce the determination as though it were
a judgment to the same effect. The respondent now applies to have the
determination set aside.

2 The respondent seeks to set aside the adjudication determination on three
alternative grounds:

(a) the adjudicator exceeded his jurisdiction by adjudicating upon a claim for
payment which did not arise from a single contract.

(b) the adjudicator exceeded his jurisdiction by adjudicating upon the
applicant’s claim to recover a $37,000 retention sum when the applicant did
not advance that claim in the payment claim. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

See also Respondent’s submissions dated 27 June 2016 at page 58.

(c) the adjudicator breached the rules of natural justice by determining this
retention sum claim without hearing from the respondent. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at page 2, paragraph 5.

The respondent argues further that, if any one of these grounds is upheld, the
entire determination must be set aside. In particular, if either of the
respondent’s two challenges to the adjudicator’s determination of the
retention sum claim is upheld, the respondent’s argument is that I have no
power to set aside only that part of the determination as relates to the
retention sum.

3 Having heard the parties’ submissions and considered the evidence, I have
decided as follows: (i) for a claim for payment to be a “payment claim” within
the meaning of the Act, it must arise from a single contract; (ii) the
applicant’s payment claim in this claim did in fact arise from a single
contract; (iii) the adjudicator exceeded his jurisdiction by adjudicating upon
the retention sum claim; (iv) that aspect of his determination is therefore a
nullity; (v) on the facts of this case, the respondent’s natural justice
challenge to the determination on the retention sum claim adds nothing to its
jurisdictional argument; (vi) I have the power, under the common law doctrine
of severance, to sever that part of the determination as deals with the
retention sum claim and to uphold the remainder; and (vii) this is a case in
which that power ought to be exercised.

4 I have therefore set aside only the part of the determination which deals
with the retention sum claim. The remainder of the determination continues to
carry interim finality for the applicant’s interim benefit.

5 The respondent has appealed against my decision. I therefore now set out my
reasons.

6 I begin with the facts.

Background facts

The parties’ contractual relationship

7 On 28 December 2012, 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at page 3, paragraph 7.

the Housing & Development Board of Singapore (“HDB”) 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at page 3, paragraphs 9 to 11.

engaged the respondent as the main contractor to carry out addition and
alteration works to 15 car parks in the eastern part of Singapore. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at page 47.

The main contract obliged the respondent to commence work on 28 January 2013
and to finish work within precisely a year, on or before 27 January 2014. The
respondent’s scope of works under the main contract included electrical works
and fire alarm works.

8 Before the award of the main contract, during the tender phase in November
2012, the respondent had invited selected contractors to submit quotations for
the electrical works and the fire alarm works. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at page 4, paragraph 13.

The applicant was one of those contractors. It responded to the respondent’s
invitation by submitting two written quotations in two separate documents
dated 20 December 2012. It quoted $550,108.57 for the electrical works and
$289,334 for the fire alarm works. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at pages 51 and 54.

Unless otherwise stated, all sums of money I shall set out in this judgment
exclude goods and services tax.

9 The respondent made a counter-offer of $500,000 for the electrical works and
$240,000 for the fire alarm works. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at paragraph 19, pages 51 and 54.

The applicant accepted the counter-offer. The total agreed price for both
scopes of work was therefore $740,000.

10 On 7 January 2013, the applicant issued two revised quotations 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at pages 56 and 62.

. They were in terms virtually identical to the original quotations save that
they each now bore the reduced prices for each scope of work as agreed.

11 The applicant commenced work in or about April 2013. It appears that the
work was physically completed in April 2015. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

LHW affidavit (9 June 2016) at paragraph 85.

In the course of carrying out the work, however, a dispute arose between the
respondent and the applicant. The cause of the dispute was the applicant’s use
of metal conduits with Class 3 protection against corrosion instead of metal
conduits with Class 4 protection, as the contract specified. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at paragraph 52.

As a result, the respondent claimed a cost adjustment for the omission and
also the right to back charge to the applicant liquidated damages for the
resulting delay in completing and handing over the works to the HDB. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at paragraphs 49 to 50.

The progress claims and payment history

12 As a result of these disputes, the respondent initially delayed and
eventually ceased payment to the applicant. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at paragraphs 47, 77 to 80.

Between April 2013 and January 2016, the applicant submitted 24 progress
claims to the respondent. The respondent paid a total of $409,000 to the
applicant against its first ten progress claims 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at paragraph 57, page 258.

but paid nothing against its last 14 progress claims. The respondent’s last
payment to the applicant was on 30 December 2014 for progress claim 10 dated
14 February 2014.

13 The last progress claim presented by the applicant was progress claim 24
dated 20 January 2016 in the sum of $342,530.80. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at page 258.

It was an omnibus claim in two senses. It covered all work done from the
commencement of the works in April 2013 until 20 January 2016. It also covered
both scopes of work, i.e. both the electrical works and the fire alarm works.
16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Respondent’s submissions dated 27 June 2016 at paragraph 9.

14 The respondent did not pay progress claim 24, whether in whole or in part.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at paragraph 47.

It also did not provide a payment response, either within seven days as
required by s 11(1)(b) of the Act or before the dispute settlement period
under s 12(5) of the Act expired on 3 February 2016.

The applicant applies for adjudication

15 On 5 February 2016, the applicant served notice on the respondent under s
13(2) of the Act that it intended to apply for adjudication in respect of
progress claim 24. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Respondent’s submissions dated 27 June 2016 at paragraph 9.

In this notice, the applicant invited the adjudicator to adjudicate upon the
applicant’s claim to recover the retention sum. The applicant extended this
invitation to the adjudicator even though the retention sum claim was not
advanced in progress claim 24. Indeed, the applicant had expressly deducted
the retention sum from its claim in progress claim 24 (see the computation
reproduced at [93] below).

16 The applicant duly lodged its adjudication application with the Singapore
Mediation Centre (“SMC”) 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at pages 393 to 396.

and served it on the respondent. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Applicant’s submissions dated 24 June 2016 at paragraph 12.

The SMC appointed an adjudicator. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at page 37, paragraph 14.

The respondent lodged an adjudication response. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

CHT affidavit (20 April 2016) at page 29.

17 The parties attended an adjudication conference on 23 February 2016. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at page 37, paragraph 17.

Neither party was legally represented at the adjudication conference, or
indeed in the entire adjudication. The adjudicator permitted the applicant to
present its case. He prevented the respondent from making any submissions,
holding that s 15(3) of the Act barred the respondent from addressing him on
any issues because it had failed to serve a payment response. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

LHW affidavit (9 June 2016) at paragraphs 79 to 84.

18 The adjudicator rendered his determination on 1 March 2016. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at page 45.

He awarded the applicant both: (i) the principal sum claimed in progress claim
24 in its entirety, i.e. $342,530.80; and (ii) the $37,000 retention sum. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Applicant’s submissions dated 24 June 2016 at paragraph 15.

The total value of the determination in the applicant’s favour was therefore
$379,530.80, leaving aside goods and services tax, interest and costs.

19 With the adjudication determination in hand, the applicant applied and
obtained: (i) an order granting it leave to enforce the determination in the
same manner as a judgment; and (ii) an order that judgment be entered against
the respondent in terms of the determination. The respondent, in turn, applied
to set aside the determination.

20 The respondent argues that the determination should be set aside on the
three alternative grounds set out [2] above. The first two grounds relate to
jurisdiction and the third relates to natural justice.

21 The respondent neither raised nor reserved the two jurisdictional grounds
in the course of the adjudication. The respondent submits 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Respondent’s submissions dated 27 June 2016 at paragraphs 174 to 176.

that this is immaterial: a failure to raise a jurisdictional ground in a
payment response or otherwise in the course of an adjudication does not estop
a respondent from taking that point before a court when applying to set aside
a determination or when resisting an application to enforce a determination
(see JFC Builders Pte Ltd v LionCity Construction Co Pte Ltd [2013] 1 SLR 1157
at [35] (“JFC Builders”); Australian Timber Products Pte Ltd v A Pacific
Construction & Development Pte Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 776 at [46]). I accept that
submission. I must therefore consider the two jurisdictional grounds on their
respective merits.

22 I therefore now deal with each of the respondent’s three grounds in turn.

First ground: validity of the payment claim

Three subsidiary questions

23 It is common ground that, as a result of the events I have outlined at [8]
– [10] above, the respondent engaged the applicant as its contractor under a
construction contract within the meaning of the Act for two scopes of work:
the electrical works and the fire alarm works. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Applicant’s submissions dated 24 June 2016 at paragraph 9.

What is in dispute is whether the parties entered into one contract or two.

24 The applicant’s case is that the parties entered into a single contract
comprising two scopes of work. The respondent’s case is that the parties
entered into two separate contracts, each comprising a single scope of work.
On that premise, the respondent argues that it is contrary to s 5, when it is
read together with ss 10(1) and 10(3) of the Act, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Respondent’s submissions dated 27 June 2016 at paragraphs 72 to 78.

for a payment claim to arise from more than one contract. Accordingly, the
respondent submits, the determination is fundamentally and fatally flawed and
must be set aside.

25 Because the respondent did not raise this point in the adjudication,
everyone involved – each party, their respective representatives and advisers,
and the adjudicator – proceeded on the unspoken and unexamined assumption that
it was unnecessary to determine how many contracts the parties had entered
into. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Minute Sheet (28 June 2016) at page 14.

As a result, the adjudicator made no express finding on this issue. Despite
that, it is obvious from the tenor of his determination that he made an
implicit finding that there was only one contract between the parties
comprising two scopes of work with a total contract value of $740,000. Thus,
he says (at [6]): 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at page 34, paragraph 6; page 40, paragraph
25; page 41, paragraph 29.

The sub-contract is evidenced in two signed negotiated quotations, (ref. no.
RSEC-1212151) dated 20 December 2012 for Electrical Installation Works and
(same reference and date) for Fire Alarm Installation Works. The Quotations,
signed by both parties, have the figures $500k and $240k written on them
respectively in place of the typed figures of $550,108.57 and $289,334.00.
Subsequently, on 7 January 2013, the Claimant regularized the amendments with
two typed quotations, namely RSEC-1211132R for Electrical Installation Works
at $500,000 and RSEC-1212151R for Fire Alarm Installation Works at $240,000
together with their amended breakdown of tender sums. (hereinafter “the
Quotations”). The total Contract Amount is therefore $740,000.00.

26 The parties’ submissions on this first ground raise three subsidiary
questions:

(a) Must a payment claim within the meaning of the Act arise from only one
contract?

(b) If so, am I precluded from inquiring into whether progress claim 24 arose
from only one contract, given that the adjudicator implicitly found that it
did?

(c) If not, does progress claim 24 in fact arise from two contracts or from
only one contract?

Must a payment claim arise from only one contract?

The parties’ submissions

27 The respondent’s argument on the first subsidiary question is primarily a
textual argument. It submits that the text of the Act manifests a legislative
intent that an adjudication application must be founded on “one payment claim
for one progress payment for work done under one contract” (emphasis
original). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Respondent’s submissions dated 27 June 2016 at paragraph 78.

28 The applicant does not, in response, deal directly with this question,
focusing instead on the remaining two questions on this first ground.

My decision: a payment claim must arise from only one contract

29 It is my view that the respondent is correct, subject only to a small
qualification (see [37] below). The applicant is therefore wise not to contend
otherwise.

30 It is true that no provision in the Act expressly stipulates that a payment
claim within the meaning of the Act must arise from only one contract.
However, the Act in all but one section consistently uses only the singular
noun “contract” coupled with either the singular article “a” or “the”. There
is only one section in the entire Act which refers to “contracts”, i.e. in the
plural. That is s 4(2)(c). But that section deals only with the disapplication
of the Act to a prescribed “class of contracts”. That provision is not
relevant to this question or to the analysis of it which follows in this
judgment.

31 I begin the analysis by considering four sections which are fundamental to
the scheme of the Act. I consider them only insofar as they relate to
construction contracts within the meaning of the Act, leaving aside for the
moment supply contracts. These four sections are ss 2, 5, 10 and 12. They
define or establish, in turn: (i) a progress payment, (ii) a claimant’s
entitlement to a progress payment; (iii) a claimant’s power to serve a payment
claim in respect of a progress payment; and (iv) a claimant’s entitlement to
make an adjudication application.

32 Section 2 defines a “progress payment”. It speaks expressly of a progress
payment as a payment arising under “a contract”:

“progress payment” means a payment to which a person is entitled for the
carrying out of construction work, or the supply of goods or services, under a
contract …;

[emphasis added]

33 Section 5 confers, for present purposes, a statutory entitlement to a
progress payment on every person who carries out construction work. It too
speaks expressly of an entitlement to a progress payment arising under “a
contract”:

Entitlement to progress payments

5\. Any person who has carried out any construction work, or supplied any
goods or services, under a contract is entitled to a progress payment.

34 A person who is or claims to be entitled to a progress payment under s 5 is
defined by s 2 of the Act as “a claimant”. A claimant has the power, under s
10(1) of the Act, to serve a payment claim in respect of “a progress payment”.
Both ss 10(1)(a) and 10(1)(b) again refer expressly to “the contract”:

Payment claims

10.-—(1) A claimant may serve one payment claim in respect of a progress
payment on —

(a) one or more other persons who, under the contract concerned, is or may be
liable to make the payment; or

(b) such other person as specified in or identified in accordance with the
terms of the contract for this purpose.

[emphasis added]

The purpose of these subsections is to stipulate on whom a payment claim must
be served, rather than to tie one payment claim back to one contract. But the
clear tenor of the subsections is that the service which they contemplate
takes place pursuant to only one contract in connection with any one payment
claim.

35 Section 10(3)(b) then requires the payment claim to be “made in such form
and manner…as may be prescribed”. The form and manner is prescribed by rule 5
of the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Regulations (Cap
30B, Rg 1, 2006 Rev Ed). Rule 5(2)(b) once again contemplates a payment claim
arising from only one contract. It requires a payment claim to “identify the
contract to which the progress payment that is the subject of the payment
claim relates” (emphasis added).

36 Finally, s 12(1) of the Act establishes a claimant’s entitlement to make an
adjudication application subject to certain conditions being met. This
provision too uses the singular: “a … contract”:

Entitlement to make adjudication applications

12\. —(1) Subject to subsection (2), a claimant who, in relation to a
construction contract, fails to receive payment by the due date of the
response amount which he has accepted is entitled to make an adjudication
application under section 13 in relation to the relevant payment claim.

(2) Where, in relation to a construction contract —

…

(3) A claimant who has served a payment claim in relation to a supply contract
is entitled to make an adjudication application under section 13 in relation
to the payment claim if —

…

[emphasis added]

37 The respondent is therefore correct that the Act mandates that a “payment
claim” within the meaning of s 10 of the Act must arise from one contract. The
respondent goes too far, however, when it asserts that the Act mandates “one
payment claim for one progress payment for work done under one contract”
(emphasis in original). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Respondent’s submissions dated 27 June 2016 at paragraph 78.

It is possible under the Act for a payment claim to comprise more than one
progress payment, i.e. a claim for payment arising over more than one
reference period. That can happen either when the conditions in s 10(4) of the
Act are satisfied or under the principle in Libra Building Construction Pte
Ltd v Emergent Engineering Pte Ltd [2016] 1 SLR 481 (“Libra”) at [42(f)].

38 I would therefore recast the respondent’s statement of principle as
follows: the Act mandates that one adjudication application be founded on one
payment claim which arises from one contract. That is in fact an alternative
way in which the respondent puts the principle on which it relies. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Respondent’s submissions dated 27 June 2016 at paragraphs 84, 94 and 95.

39 This principle is consistent with the two Australian cases on which the
respondent relies.

40 The first case is the decision of McDougall J of the Supreme Court of New
South Wales (“NSW”) in Rail Corporation of New South Wales v Nebax
Constructions Australia Pty Ltd [2012] NSWSC 6 (“Nebax”). In Nebax, the
respondent argued that the adjudicator lacked jurisdiction over an
adjudication because the applicant had either: (i) relied on one payment claim
to initiate multiple adjudication applications; or (ii) submitted multiple
payment claims under the same contract for the same reference period at the
same time.

41 McDougall J considered the equivalent in the NSW security of payment
legislation to ss 5, 10, 11, 12 and 13 of our Act. He upheld the respondent’s
jurisdictional objection in principle. In the course of doing so, he expressed
the view that the NSW Act requires one payment claim to arise from a single
contract (at [44]):

It seems to me that, because s 13(5) prevents … the service of more than one
payment claim per reference date per construction contract, and because the
right to adjudication “of a payment claim” is clearly referable to a payment
claim that complies with the various requirements of s 13, there can only be
one adjudication application for any particular payment claim for any
particular contract.

[emphasis added]

42 Although we have no statutory equivalent in the Act to s 13(5) of the New
South Wales legislation, the same result has been achieved in Singapore by the
interpretation put upon our Act by Lee Wee Lick Terence (alias Li Weili
Terence) v Chua Say Eng (formerly trading as Weng Fatt Construction
Engineering) and another appeal [2013] 1 SLR 401 (“Chua Say Eng”) and Libra
([37] supra).

43 The view expressed by McDougall J in Nebax ([40] supra) was undoubtedly
obiter. Neither party contended in that case that there was more than one
contract between the parties. But McDougall J adopted this dictum as part of
his ratio in his decision in Class Electrical Services Pty Ltd v Go Electrical
Pty Ltd [2013] NSWSC 363 at [6] and [39]. Further, Douglas J of the Supreme
Court of Queensland adopted McDougall J’s view as part of his ratio in the
second case on which the respondent relies: Matrix Projects (Qld) Pty Ltd v
Luscombe [2013] QSC 4 at [17] – [18].

44 It is true that the NSW security of payment legislation considered in Nebax
([40] supra) differs from our Act in certain respects. But that legislation
was the model for our Act and is underpinned by the same policy. In my view,
there is no material difference between the two acts on this issue. McDougall
J’s remarks, albeit against the backdrop of different security of payment
legislation, are equally applicable in Singapore.

45 It is also true that s 2(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1 2002 Rev Ed)
provides that “unless there is something in the subject or context
inconsistent with such construction…words in the singular include the plural…”
Section 2(1) does not operate, in my view, to permit me to read the singular –
“a contract” or “the contract” – as including the plural, i.e. more than one
contract. That construction would be inconsistent with the subject and context
of the Act.

46 Adjudication is, by legislative intent, a fast and low-cost process
intended to ease an applicant’s cash flow under the principle of “pay now,
argue later” (Chua Say Eng [42] supra at [77]). An adjudicator’s determination
of the parties’ dispute carries interim finality. Pending the resolution of
the parties’ dispute with full finality, therefore, the legislation by design
casts the risk of error in the adjudication on the respondent. The quid pro
quo which the Act extracts from the applicant is that it must come strictly
within the terms of the legislative scheme, many of which are intended as
safeguards for the respondent.

47 A requirement that an adjudication be founded on a single contract
safeguards the respondent in the same way as the requirement that a claimant
present only one payment claim in any given payment claim period and for any
given reference period. The purpose of the safeguard is to ensure that the
respondent is able, within the limited time allowed by the Act, to examine and
verify the facts and calculations relating to a payment claim and either to
satisfy the claim or to serve a payment response (see Chow Kok Fong, Security
of Payments and Construction Adjudication (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2013) at
[5.150]).

48 Applying s 2(1) of the Interpretation Act to read the singular “a contract”
or “the contract” as including multiple contracts would permit a claimant to
serve a payment claim which arises from more than one contract. Allowing
claims and disputes which arise from several contracts – which may contain
materially different terms, including materially different payment terms – to
be confounded in one payment claim and thereafter in one adjudication
application has the potential to cause unfairness to the respondent, to
increase the decision-making burden on the adjudicator and thereby to increase
costs and to increase delay in adjudication. All of that is antithetical to
the purposes of the Act.

49 By contrast, requiring one adjudication application to be founded on one
payment claim which arises from one contract does not, in the vast majority of
cases, create unnecessary technicality or a trap for the unwary. It is not a
heavy administrative or financial burden to require a claimant who has several
contracts with a respondent to issue a separate payment claim under each
contract and, thereafter, to make a separate adjudication application founded
on each payment claim. The rule, no doubt, gives respondents an incentive to
argue for tactical rather than substantive reasons that the parties’
contractual relationship arises from multiple contracts. But it will be
tolerably clear in all but the most ambiguous of cases whether that assertion
is correctly made. And that risk does not, in my view, outweigh the
considerable and real prejudice that the contrary interpretation would cause
to respondents as a class and to the purposes of the Act.

50 It therefore appears to me that the Act, both on its face and in its
underlying purpose, does require a claim for payment to arise from a single
contract in order to be a “payment claim” within the meaning of the Act. A
consideration of s 2(1) of the Interpretation Act does not lead me to a
different conclusion.

What is the effect of the adjudicator’s implicit finding?

The parties’ submissions

51 The second subsidiary question is a point taken by the applicant. The
applicant submits that I should not go behind the adjudicator’s implicit
finding (see [25] above) that progress claim 24 arose from a single contract.

52 The respondent argues that I am not only free but obliged to examine the
underlying facts and to determine for myself whether progress claim 24 arises
from one contract or from two contracts. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Respondent’s submissions dated 27 June 2016 at paragraph 111.

That is because that question is a question of fact which goes to a
jurisdictional issue. An adjudicator, under our Act, has no power to determine
his own jurisdiction. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Respondent’s submissions dated 27 June 2016 at paragraphs 108 and 110.

My decision: the adjudicator’s implicit finding is not binding

53 At the outset, I must say that it is not clear to me how I can find myself
bound by what is at most an implicit finding in an adjudicator’s decision on
an issue to which he never applied his mind because it was never raised to him
in the course of the adjudication. Be that as it may, I will consider the
applicant’s submissions on this issue on their merits.

54 The applicant relies heavily on Air Design ([51] supra). In that case, the
respondent in an adjudication took the point that the adjudicator had no
jurisdiction over the parties’ disputes because they arose out of several
separate contracts, only the first of which contained an agreement to
adjudicate. The claimant’s response was that the agreement to adjudicate in
the first contract covered even the disputes under the later contracts because
they were not separate contracts at all but were simply variations to the
first contract. The adjudicator decided in favour of the claimant on both
jurisdiction and on the substance of the disputes. The applicant commenced
proceedings in the English High Court seeking summary judgment in the same
terms as the adjudicator’s decision. The respondent resisted summary judgment
relying on the same jurisdictional point.

55 Akenhead J accepted that the adjudicator did not have the power to
determine his own jurisdiction. But he held also that the issue of whether the
later contracts were separate contracts or merely variations of the first
contract was an issue which went both to jurisdiction and also to the
substance of the parties’ disputes. He found, therefore, that where “substance
and jurisdiction overlap … it is within the [a]djudicator’s jurisdiction to
decide as matters within his or her substantive jurisdiction whether there
have been in effect variations to the contract pursuant to which he or she has
properly been appointed [a]djudicator” (Air Design ([51] supra) at [22]).

56 Air Design ([51] supra) is authority for the proposition that, under the
English security of payment scheme, where a single issue goes both to the
substance of the dispute between the parties and to the adjudicator’s own
jurisdiction, the adjudicator’s decision on that issue will bind the parties
on both substance and jurisdiction notwithstanding the general rule that an
English adjudicator has no power to determine his own jurisdiction. In those
circumstances, an error by the adjudicator in arriving at his decision on that
single issue will not deprive him of the jurisdiction to decide the substance
of the parties’ dispute.

57 The applicant invites me to apply that proposition to the present case. It
argues that the issue of whether the respondent engaged the applicant under a
single contract or under two contracts is an issue which the adjudicator had
to decide in order to arrive at his determination on the substance of the
dispute between the parties. As long as the adjudicator asked himself the
right question, he acted within his jurisdiction. That is so even if he got
the answer to that question wrong. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Applicant’s submissions dated 24 June 2016 at paragraph 34.

The applicant therefore submits that the respondent is precluded from arguing
before me that there were in fact two contracts between the parties. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Applicant’s submissions dated 24 June 2016 at pages 11 to 13.

58 I do not accept the applicant’s submission. The respondent is correct that
the proposition in Air Design ([56] supra) has no application in the context
of our security of payment scheme. That is because the Air Design proposition
is inconsistent with the comprehensive and considerable authority of Chua Say
Eng ([42] supra) by which I am bound.

59 In Chua Say Eng ([42] supra), the Court of Appeal drew a distinction
between two types of argument on a setting-aside application: (i) an argument
asserting that an adjudicator was not clothed with the statutory authority to
determine an adjudication application (at [37] and [66]); and (ii) an argument
conceding that the adjudicator was clothed with that authority, but asserting
that the claimant contravened a provision of the Act in invoking that
authority (at [67]) or that the adjudicator contravened a provision of the Act
in exercising that authority (at [37]).

60 If an argument of the first type is well-founded, the inevitable result is
that the adjudication application and any determination which results from it
is a nullity (Chua Say Eng ([42] supra) at [66]). If an argument of the second
type is well-founded, nullity is not the inevitable result. Instead,
invalidity is the result. And even invalidity ensues only if the provision in
question is so important that there is a legislative purpose to invalidate an
act done in contravention of that provision (Chua Say Eng at [67]).

61 Whichever type of argument a respondent raises, a court will have to assess
and determine the argument for itself. It is not in any way bound to defer to
any view the adjudicator may have expressed on it.

62 The proposition in Air Design ([51] supra) is inconsistent with Chua Say
Eng ([42] supra). The foundation of the Air Design proposition is an implied
agreement between the parties that interim finality should attach to an
adjudicator’s determination of an issue which touches on both substance and
also to jurisdiction. The parties’ agreement has that effect in the English
security of payment scheme because the juridical basis of the English security
of payment scheme is the parties’ agreement. The agreement is either an
express agreement between the parties or an agreement imputed to them by the
English security of payment legislation through the mechanism of implied
terms. So while the English scheme, like ours, takes as its starting point
that an adjudicator has no power to determine his own jurisdiction, the origin
of that bar is different. In the English scheme, the bar originates from the
parties’ agreement. So too, the interim finality which is attached the
adjudicator’s decision in the English scheme originates from the parties’
agreement. The parties’ agreement, express or implied, therefore suffices to
lift that bar and to allow interim finality to attach to an English
adjudicator’s determination of an issue which touches on his own jurisdiction.

63 The juridical basis of adjudication in Singapore is statutory. The powers
of an adjudicator under our security of payment scheme are fixed by the Act.
The parties cannot enlarge those powers by any agreement of any kind, whether
express or implied. Chua Say Eng ([42] supra) makes clear (at [36]) that an
adjudicator has no power under the Act to decide his own jurisdiction. An
adjudicator cannot gain the power to decide his own jurisdiction by the mere
fact that an issue which goes to his jurisdiction happens also to go to the
substance of the parties’ dispute. In an exceptional situation, the
adjudicator’s statutory obligation under s 16(2)(a) of the Act to reject an
adjudication application which has not been made in accordance with ss
13(3)(a), 13(3)(b) or 13(3)(c) of the Act may coincide with a respondent’s
argument on jurisdiction (Chua Say Eng at [64]). But even in that exceptional
situation, the adjudicator’s determination carries interim finality and binds
the parties not because of their agreement but because the Act has empowered
him to decide that issue. The statutory basis of adjudication in Singapore
means that the Air Design proposition cannot apply to an adjudication under
the Act.

64 It is also significant to me that the Air Design proposition ([56] supra)
is not supported by any Singapore authority. Indeed, as the respondent points
out, the proposition is positively contradicted by Loh J’s approach in UES
Holdings Pte Ltd v Grouteam Pte Ltd [2016] 1 SLR 312 (“UES”). 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Respondent’s submissions dated 27 June 2016 at paragraphs 121 and 153.

The respondent in UES alleged that a payment claim had not been served “at
such time as specified in or determined in accordance with the terms of the
contract” as required by s 10(2)(a) of the Act. As in Air Design, that issue
went both to the substance of the parties’ dispute and also to jurisdiction.
Loh J, hearing the respondent’s application to set aside the determination,
did not consider himself bound by the adjudicator’s finding that service of
the payment claim complied with the parties’ contract. Instead, he construed
the contract himself to determine the issue afresh. Having done so, he
concluded that service of the payment claim did not comply with the parties’
contract as required by s 10(2)(a). He held further that that provision was so
important that invalidity was the legislatively-intended consequence of non-
compliance (see UES at [39] – [47]). As a result, he set aside the
determination.

65 I therefore accept the respondent’s submission that I must determine for
myself afresh whether the parties’ contractual relationship comprises one
contract or two.

Does the progress claim arise from one or from two contracts?

The respondent’s submissions

66 The respondent submits that the parties’ intention, ascertained objectively
from their conduct, was to contract separately for two separate scopes of
work. It relies on the following factors to make good this submission.

67 The respondent invited separate tenders for, and the applicant submitted
separate quotations for, each scope of work. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Respondent’s submissions dated 27 June 2016 at page 11.

Each quotation expressly limited its scope to the tender breakdown attached to
it. That excluded all other works (including the works comprised in the other
quotation) from its scope. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at pages 56 and 62.

The prices which the respondent counteroffered were written separately on, and
countersigned separately on, the separate quotations for each scope of work.

68 When the applicant issued revised quotations incorporating the
counteroffered prices on 7 January 2013, it once again issued a separate
revised quotation for each scope of work. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Respondent’s submissions dated 27 June 2016 at paragraphs 20 and 21.

The reference numbers on each revised quotation differed from each other,
suggesting that the applicant viewed them as separate contracts. Further, the
revised quotations were no longer on identical terms. The quotation for the
fire alarm works included a new clause – relating to a dry riser system –
which was absent from the revised quotation for the electrical works and also
from both original quotations. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at pages 54 and 62.

69 The applicant consistently submitted separate progress claims for each
scope of work. It was only after disputes had arisen and after payment had
slowed that the applicant started issuing consolidated progress claims
covering both scopes of work. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Respondent’s submissions dated 27 June 2016 at page 17.

70 For all these reasons, the respondent submits that progress claim 24 arises
from two contracts instead of one.

The applicant’s submissions

71 The applicant submits that the parties’ intention, ascertained objectively
from their conduct, was to enter into a single contract comprising two scopes
of work. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Applicant’s submissions dated 24 June 2016 at paragraphs 30 and 31.

It relies on the following factors to make good this submission.

72 The respondent invited the applicant to tender for both scopes of work
together, in a single telephone call. That call was initiated by the
respondent’s managing director, Ong Chow Peng (“Ong”), to the applicant’s
managing director, Chua Hoi Teck (“Chua”). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Applicant’s submissions dated 24 June 2016 at paragraph 31.1.

73 The original quotation for the two scopes of work were both dated 20
December 2012, both bore the same reference number (RSEC-1212151) and were
submitted together on the same day by Chua to Ong at his office. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Applicant’s submissions dated 24 June 2016 at paragraph 31.2.

Ong and Chua entered into and concluded a single set of negotiations for a
discounted price for both scopes of works on the same day. The parties in
their negotiations treated both scopes of work as being contained in a single
contract because they arose from the same main contract and were to be
performed at the same locations. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Applicant’s submissions dated 24 June 2016 at paragraph 31.3.

Although the applicant submitted separate quotations for the two scopes of
works, it was the applicant’s practice to do so. This practice cannot change
the fact that both works were governed by a single contract.

74 During the period when the applicant issued a separate progress claim for
each scope of work to the respondent, the applicant nevertheless served the
separate progress claims together and the respondent always processed them as
one.

75 For all these reasons, the applicant submits that its payment claim arises
from one contract instead of two.

My decision: the progress claim arose from one contract

76 I accept the applicant’s submissions. In my view, an analysis of the
evidence shows that the parties’ conduct evinced an intention, objectively
ascertained, to enter into only one contract comprising two scopes of work.

77 I begin the analysis with the tender phase. The respondent’s evidence is
that it made a separate invitation to tender for each scope of work and
suggests that it is therefore a mere coincidence that the applicant was
awarded both scopes. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at page 4, paragraph 15.

The respondent has not, however, produced any documentary or other independent
evidence to support its suggestion. I do not accept it. I accept instead the
applicant’s evidence that the respondent extended a single invitation to the
applicant to tender for both scopes of work. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

CHT affidavit (20 April 2016) at paragraph 28.

This is consistent with the respondent’s own evidence that, in the course of
preparing its tender to the HDB for the main contract, the respondent “sent
out invitations to different contractors, inviting them to quote for the
electrical installation works … and for the fire alarm installation works…” 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at page 4, paragraph 13.

That approach is, to my mind, more consistent with the commercial realities at
the time, bearing in mind that the two scopes of work arose from one main
contract and were to be carried out in conjunction with each other at the same
locations. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

CHT affidavit (20 April 2016) at page 11, paragraph 31.

78 I now turn to the quotations themselves. The two original quotations, both
dated 20 December 2012, bore the same reference number, i.e. “RSEC-1212151”.
This indicates to me that the applicant viewed the two quotations as, in
contractual substance, capable of giving rise to a unified obligation.

79 This is fortified by the heading for each quotation: “ADDITION & ALTERATION
WORKS TO MULTI-STORY CAR PARKS (BATCH 7)”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Applicant’s bundle of cause papers (volume 1) at pages 51, 54, 56 and 62.

This heading repeats verbatim the title of the main contract between the
respondent and the HDB, leaving out only the HDB’s internal contract number.
This indicates to me that the applicant attached paramount significance to the
fact that both quotations arose from the same main contract and not to the
fact that each quotation comprised a different scope of work. In this regard,
I accept the applicant’s evidence that its practice was to submit separate
quotations for separate scopes of work even if those separate scopes of work
were to be governed by a single contract. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

CHT affidavit (20 April 2016) at page 10, paragraph 30.

80 It is true that the applicant: (i) issued two separate quotations for each
scope of work on 20 December 2012; (ii) each quotation incorporated a clause
expressly providing that that quotation included only the items specified in
the tender contract breakdown attached to that quotation; and (iii) that each
quotation had annexed to it a different tender contract breakdown for each
scope of work. That does suggest, as the respondent submits, that the parties
entered into two contracts and not one. But in my view, none of these facts
suffices to outweigh objectively the weight of the evidence I have analysed
above pointing in the other direction. In my view, the quotations were
separated for administrative convenience rather than with contractual effect.
Further, the clause in question is a pro forma clause in the pro forma parts
of the applicant’s quotations. It is therefore difficult to ascribe any
specific objective intent to the applicant from the incorporation of that
clause in these quotations as to whether it intended to form one contract or
two with the respondent. It also appears to me that the objective intent of
the parties, ascertained in context, was for the tender contract breakdown and
the clause which referred to it to govern the content of the parties’ contract
rather than its formation. Those breakdowns do not, therefore, advance the
respondent’s submission that the parties’ objective intent was to enter into
two contracts rather than one.

81 I therefore find that the parties’ objective intent, when the applicant
accepted the respondent’s counteroffer during their negotiations on 20
December 2012, was to enter into a single contract comprising two scopes of
work.

82 Post-contractual events, by definition, come after a contract is formed. A
contract is formed when acceptance meets offer supported by consideration.
Acceptance met offer in this case on 20 December 2012, when the applicant
accepted the respondent’s counteroffer supported by consideration. The
parties’ contractual relationship therefore formed on 20 December 2012. I have
found that contractual relationship to consist of a single contract comprising
two scopes of work. Nothing which occurred after 20 December 2012 can, in any
contractual sense, split the single contract which I have found the parties to
have entered into into two separate contracts short of a contractually-binding
variation. The respondent does not suggest that there was any such variation.

83 It is strictly speaking, therefore, unnecessary for me to deal with the
parties’ post-contractual conduct. This conduct includes the revised
quotations dated 7 January 2013. It also includes the manner in which the
parties dealt with progress claim submission, with progress claim payment and
with invoicing. Nevertheless, since the parties have made submissions on these
points, I will touch on them. I am also conscious that, although the parties’
post-contractual conduct is not admissible as an aid to construing or
interpreting the content of their contractual obligations, that is not the
task I am now undertaking. My task is to ascertain contractual formation, not
contractual content.

84 As I have said, the revised quotations are, on my findings, post-
contractual. It is thus irrelevant that the revised quotations, unlike the
original quotations, contained different reference numbers. It is also
irrelevant that the revised quotation for the fire alarm works included a new
term. The effect of that new term was to exclude a dry riser system from the
fire alarm works. That term no doubt became incorporated into the content of
the parties’ contract on and from 7 January 2013, probably as a binding
variation. But, as I have said, the content of the parties’ contract is not
the question before me. The question before me is whether the parties
objectively intended to enter into one contract or two. A dry riser system is
relevant only to the fire alarm works. It has no relevance to the electrical
works. To my mind, incorporating this new term in the revised quotation for
the fire alarm works but not in the revised quotation for the electrical works
validates the applicant’s practice of confining each quotation to a single
scope of work for administrative convenience. Incorporating this new term does
not go so far as to suggest that the parties believed, in January 2013, that
they had entered into two separate contracts for two separate scopes of work
in December 2012.

85 The applicant initially issued separate progress claims for each scope of
work. This was the case from progress claim 1 (dated 29 April 2013) 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at pages 72 and 201.

until progress claim 17 (dated 30 November 2014). 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at page 192.

The respondent suggests that this supports its submission that the parties
intended their contractual relationship to consist of two contracts. As
against that, however, I must set four points.

86 First, even when the applicant issued separate progress claims, i.e. from
April 2013 to November 2014, it issued and submitted those separate progress
claims to the respondent together, on the same day, under cover of the same
email or fax transmission. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

CHT affidavit (20 April 2016) at page 10, paragraph 35.

87 Second, starting with progress claim 18 (dated 12 March 2015) 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at page 255.

, the applicant included both scopes of work in a single, consolidated
progress claim. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

CHT affidavit (20 April 2016) at paragraph 44.

The applicant presented consolidated progress claims in this way from progress
claim 18 until the final progress claim, i.e. progress claim 24 dated 20
January 2016. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at page 258.

88 Third, the respondent without exception made each of its payments to the
applicant (against progress claims 1 to 10) by a single cheque for both scopes
of work.

89 Finally, the applicant, also without exception, upon receipt of each
cheque, issued a single tax invoice to the respondent covering the
respondent’s single payment for both scopes of work. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

CHT affidavit (20 April 2016) at paragraph 46.

There were thus 10 tax invoices, each one covering both scopes of work, for
the 10 progress claims which the respondent paid. The respondent did not
object to receiving a single tax invoice for each payment. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Applicant’s submissions dated 24 June 2016 at paragraphs 31.9.

Each of these 10 tax invoices was headed “Proposed A & A Works to Multi-Storey
Car Parks (Batch 7)”. That is, of course, the title of the main contract. Each
tax invoice made no reference to the two scopes of work. Instead, each invoice
tracked the parties’ cumulative progress payments and progress claims for both
scopes of work against a single consolidated contract price of $740,000. That
sum, of course, is the sum of the price agreed for both scopes of work.

90 To the extent that I am permitted to look at the parties’ post-contractual
conduct to ascertain the parties’ objective intention when they formed their
contractual relationship in December 2012, it appears to me that their conduct
is more indicative of a desire to keep the accounting for the two scopes of
work separate for administrative convenience than it is of an objective
intention to enter into two separate contracts.

91 For these reasons, I find that progress claim 24 arose from a single
contract. It was therefore a “payment claim” within the meaning of s 10 of the
Act. The adjudicator was properly clothed with the statutory power to
determine the substance of the parties’ dispute arising from that payment
claim.

92 I therefore reject the respondent’s first ground for setting aside the
determination.

Second ground: the retention sum claim

The factual background

93 The respondent’s second ground arises from the adjudicator’s decision to
accept the applicant’s invitation to adjudicate upon the applicant’s claim for
the $37,000 retention sum. In progress claim 24, the applicant computed its
claim for $342,530.80 as follows:

Description| Amount  
---|---  
Original contract amount| $740,000.00  
Additional variation works done| $51,530.80  
Less omission| ($3,000.00)  
Less payment amount received| ($409,000.00)  
Less retention (-5%)| ($37,000.00)  
Total claim amount| $342,530.80  
  
The last line item of this computation expressly deducted from the applicant’s
claim a retention sum of 5% of the total agreed price for both scopes of work,
i.e. $37,000 being 5% of $740,000. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at page 391.

94 In paragraph 7 of its notice under s 13(2) of the Act, the applicant
invited the adjudicator to determine the retention sum claim even though it
acknowledged it was not part of its payment claim. I set out the whole of
paragraph 7 together with the concluding sentences of paragraph 6 for context:
64

##### Foot Note 64

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at paragraph 95 and pages 387 to 391.

6\. …[T]he Claimant has now become entitled to commence adjudication
proceedings under the Act. The Claimant intends to apply for adjudication on
the Payment Claim for the sum of S$342,530.80 (excluding GST).

7\. Though the Payment Claim No. 24 is for the sum of $342,530.80. The
Claimant appeals to the Learned Adjudicator for approval to change the Claim
Amount to $379,530.80. The differences of $37,000,00 is for the release of the
retention amount. As such, the merit of the case remain unchanged.

[emphasis in original]

95 Despite these paragraphs in the s 13(2) notice, the applicant did not
include any claim for the retention sum in the adjudication application which
followed. Indeed, Section E of the application expressly advanced the same
final figure as set out in the payment claim. Thus, the application again
quantified the applicant’s claim as “S$342,530.80 (Exclude GST)” under
“Payment Claim No. 24”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

LHW affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at page 395.

But attached to the application was a copy of the applicant’s s 13(2) notice
which, as I have said, included the invitation I have quoted above. In that
indirect sense, therefore, it could be said that the application repeated the
applicant’s invitation to the adjudicator to determine its retention sum
claim.

96 The adjudicator accepted the applicant’s invitation and adjudicated upon
the retention sum claim. Having done so, he determined that the applicant was
entitled to recover the retention sum because the parties’ contract did not
give the respondent a right to retain it. His reasons are set out at [35] and
[36] of the determination: 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Applicant’s submissions dated 24 June 2016 at paragraph 54; LHW affidavit
(dated 5 April 2016) at page 42.

35\. The Claimant did not claim for (sic) the Retention Sum in its Progress
Claim No. 24. However, in its Adjudication Application, it asks for the
release of the Retention Sum of $37,000.00 on two grounds:

35.1 Firstly, the Terms and Conditions of the Quotations did not indicate that
there would be an implementation of the Retention Sum. In fact, the Owner also
did not impose such a condition on the Respondent.

35.2 Secondly, the Contract and Variation Works were completed more than a
year ago and hence [the] retention sum, which usually is maintained during the
Defects Liability period of 1 year, should be released.

36\. I agree with the first argument that there is no contractual reason for
the imposition of a retention fund. As such, although I have doubts over the
second reason due to the lack of clarity on when the Defects Liability Period
has or should have started, I find that the Retention Sum should be returned
to the Claimant.

The parties’ submissions

97 Against this factual background, the respondent advances its second ground
for setting aside the adjudication determination. That ground is that the
adjudicator had no power to determine the retention sum claim because it was
not part of the applicant’s payment claim. The respondent argues that that is
the result of s 13(1) of the Act, 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Respondent’s submissions dated 27 June 2016 at paragraphs 179 to 181.

s 17(3)(c) of the Act 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Respondent’s submissions dated 27 June 2016 at paragraph 196.

and the proposition that an adjudicator’s jurisdiction is framed by the
payment claim and the payment response: Libra ([37] supra) at [36].

98 In response, the applicant submits that the adjudicator was empowered to
determine the retention sum claim by ss 17(3)(b), 17(3)(c) or 17(3)(h) of the
Act.

99 I accept the respondent’s submission and hold that the adjudicator exceeded
his jurisdiction by adjudicating upon the retention sum claim.

My decision: the adjudicator exceeded his jurisdiction

100 I start once again with the provisions of the Act. Section 12(2) entitles
a claimant to make an adjudication application arising from construction
contract only in relation to its “payment claim”. Section 13(1) provides that
the subject-matter of an adjudication is a “payment claim dispute”.

101 The language of ss 12(2) and 13(1), by relying on the term of art “payment
claim” and incorporating it in the concept of a “payment claim dispute”,
limits the subject-matter of an adjudication application to one or more
disputes which arise from a “payment claim”. The payment claim therefore fixes
the parameters of the substantive content of an adjudication application,
subject only to any additional issues introduced by a duly-served payment
response.

102 Any other interpretation would be grossly unfair to a respondent. Section
15(3) bars a respondent from raising in its adjudication response any reasons
for withholding payment that were not set out in its payment response. If a
claimant were allowed to add a new claim to an adjudication application after
it had served its payment claim on a respondent, s 15(3) would operate to bar
a respondent who had not served a payment response from defending that claim.
That bar would operate even though the respondent could not have foreseen that
the claimant would make a new claim, could not have foreseen the content of
that new claim and may have valid reasons for withholding payment on that new
claim which it could and would have put in a payment response if that new
claim had been made in the payment claim itself. An outcome which is unfair in
that way cannot have been the intention of the Act. A respondent must be able
to ascertain from the payment claim with completeness and certainty – at the
time it receives the payment claim – each claim which it will have to address
in its payment response if it chooses not to satisfy that claim. It must also
be able to ascertain with completeness and clarity when it receives a payment
claim the precise scope of the bar which will attach under s 15(3) if it
chooses not to serve a payment response in accordance with the Act.

103 In the case before me, the applicant did not merely omit a claim from its
payment claim. The applicant went further and expressly excluded the retention
sum claim from its payment claim. That amounts to an unsolicited admission by
the applicant that the sum was not due. Whatever the reason, the essential
fact remains that the retention sum claim did not form part of the applicant’s
payment claim. As a result, the applicant had no entitlement under s 12(2) of
the Act to apply for the retention sum claim to be adjudicated upon. No
payment claim dispute within the meaning of s 13(1) arose in connection with
the retention sum claim, or could arise once the respondent failed to serve a
payment response. The adjudicator was never clothed with the statutory power
to deal with the retention sum claim.

104 The applicant argues that ss 17(3)(b), 17(3)(c) or 17(3)(h) empowered the
adjudicator to adjudicate upon the retention sum claim. These provisions
permit the adjudicator, in determining an adjudication application, to have
regard to matters extraneous to the payment claim. The extraneous matters
covered by these three subsections are, respectively: (i) the provisions of
the contract to which the adjudication application relates; (ii) the
adjudication application and the documents accompanying it; and (iii) any
other matter which the adjudicator reasonably considers to be relevant to the
adjudication. Thus, the applicant argues, the adjudicator was empowered by the
Act to have regard to the following material in order to allow the retention
sum claim: (i) the applicant’s s 13(2) notice – as a document accompanying the
adjudication application – which invited the adjudicator to award the
retention sum to the applicant; (ii) the parties’ contract, and the fact that
it made no provision for a retention sum; and (iii) the applicant’s
submissions on the issue.

105 I cannot accept the applicant’s submission. It is no doubt true that s
17(3) of the Act empowers the adjudicator to have regard to the matters
extraneous to the payment claim which are set out in s 17(3)(a) to (h),
including the three specific matters on which the applicant relies. But the
adjudicator’s powers under s 17(3) do not arise in a vacuum. Section 17(3)
rests on the fundamental underlying premise that the adjudicator is exercising
those powers to determine a payment claim dispute within the meaning of s
13(1) which is properly part of the subject-matter of an adjudication
application made by a claimant entitled to do so under s 12(2) of the Act.
Where that fundamental underlying premise is false, s 17 does not permit him
to determine that dispute. An adjudicator is not properly seised of a payment
claim dispute under the Act if the dispute does not arise from the payment
claim read together with any payment response: Libra ([37] supra) at [96].
That was precisely the position of the retention sum claim in this
adjudication.

106 The adjudicator adjudicated upon the retention sum claim when he was not
clothed with the statutory authority to do so. The result is that that
determination is null and void (Chua Say Eng ([42] supra) at [66]). The next
question is whether it is the entirety of the determination which is null and
void or whether the adjudicator’s determination on the retention sum claim can
be severed from the remainder of his determination and annulled without
affecting the interim finality attached to the remainder.

107 I consider that question after dealing with the respondent’s natural
justice ground.

Third ground: breach of natural justice

108 As an alternative to its second ground, the respondent submits that the
adjudicator breached his obligation under s 16(3)(c) of the Act to comply with
the principles of natural justice because he adjudicated upon the retention
sum claim while barring the respondent from being heard on that claim. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Respondent’s submissions dated 27 June 2016 at paragraphs 226 to 227.

It is not in dispute that the adjudicator did bar the respondent from raising
any reasons to justify withholding payment to the applicant on progress claim
24, including any reasons to justify withholding the retention sum, on the
basis that it had failed to serve a payment response and was therefore subject
to the bar in s 15(3) of the Act. For the reasons which follow, however, it is
not necessary to analyse the respondent’s third ground in detail.

109 I have upheld the respondent’s second ground and found that the
adjudicator was not clothed with the statutory authority to adjudicate upon
the retention sum claim. If I am right in that, no question of natural justice
arises. The successful jurisdictional challenge wholly overshadows the natural
justice challenge. It makes no sense to ask, let alone to decide, whether the
adjudicator breached the rules of natural justice in determining a claim which
he had no statutory authority to determine.

110 If I am wrong in my holding, and the adjudicator was clothed with the
statutory authority to adjudicate upon the retention sum claim, then the bar
in s 15(3) is a complete answer to the respondent’s natural justice ground.
The Act requires a respondent who intends to advance reasons for withholding
payment in response to a valid payment claim to set those reasons out in a
payment response served within the prescribed time. If a respondent fails to
do that – either by omitting a particular reason from its payment response or
by failing to serve a payment response at all – the bar in s 15(3) will
operate not only to prevent the respondent from advancing those omitted
reasons but also to curtail the adjudicator’s jurisdiction even to consider
any such reasons (see W Y Steel Construction Pte Ltd v Osko Pte Ltd [2013] 3
SLR 380 at [33] – [34]).

111 To the extent that the respondent argues that this would be a result
unfair to respondents as a class, I have accepted that argument in my holding
that s 13(1) must be construed as precluding a claimant from adding to its
claim for payment after it has served its payment claim (see [102] above).

112 For these reasons, it is my view that the respondent’s third ground adds
nothing to its second ground.

The proper order to be made: severance

113 The result of my findings at this point in the analysis is that the
adjudicator had the statutory authority to adjudicate upon the applicant’s
payment claim but had no authority at all to adjudicate upon the applicant’s
retention sum claim, that claim being outside its payment claim.

114 That error is a jurisdictional error, not an error within jurisdiction.
While it is certainly true that the adjudicator failed to comply with s 17(3)
of the Act, that is not the gravamen of his error. His breach of s 17(3) did
not come in the course of determining a claim which was properly before him.
The gravamen of his error is that he purported to determine a claim which was
never in law before him. His failure to comply with s 17(3) came in the course
of committing the far more fundamental jurisdictional error and is wholly
subsumed within it. In relation to the retention sum claim, therefore, the
adjudicator committed an error of the first type in Chua Say Eng, not of the
second type (see [59] above). Nullity must therefore the consequence.

115 The question then is whether it is only the adjudicator’s determination of
the retention sum claim which is a nullity or whether his entire determination
is a nullity.

The parties’ submissions

116 The respondent submits that I have no power to do anything but set aside
the entire determination as a nullity. Relying on Australian authority from
NSW, Queensland and Western Australia, the respondent argues that an
adjudicator has a statutory duty to determine the amount which a respondent is
to pay to a claimant. If he falls into jurisdictional error in determining any
component of that amount, the entire determination is tainted and cannot
stand. That is so even if that component is a severable part of the
determination and the remainder of the determination is untainted by error.

117 In response, the applicant’s primary submission is that I have a
discretion to withhold the remedy of a setting aside order and that I should
on the facts of this case exercise that discretion to uphold the entire
determination, including the determination on the retention sum claim. I
reject that submission. I start by accepting that such a discretion exists,
while pointing out that it is to be exercised only rarely. In Chase Oyster Bar
Pty Ltd v Hamo Industries Pty Ltd [2010] NSWCA 190 (“Chase Oyster”), McDougall
J referred to the relevant decisions in NSW and the Australian High Court and
confirmed that the discretion extends at common law to permit a court to
decline the remedy of certiorari sought to quash a decision tainted with
jurisdictional error in extraordinary cases (at [275]):

To my mind, the decisions to which I have referred support the proposition
that there remains a residual discretion not to grant certiorari … even in a
case of clear jurisdictional error. I have no doubt that, in the ordinary
case, an order would be made “almost as of right”. But to state the position
thus is not to deny but, rather, to affirm the discretion, in an extraordinary
case, not to make the order.

I do not consider it appropriate, on the facts of this case, to exercise the
discretion and uphold the entire determination. I bear in mind the fundamental
jurisdictional nature of the error. I also bear in mind that the amount
involved in that error – $37,000 – is not on any view de minimis.

118 The applicant’s alternative submission, relying on English authority, is
that an adjudication determination is severable. I therefore have the power to
sever and set aside only that part of the determination which I have found to
be a nullity due to jurisdictional error. The remainder of the determination,
being untainted by error, will stand and continue to carry interim finality.
70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Applicant’s submissions dated 24 June 2016 at paragraph 70.

For the reasons which follow, I have accepted that alternative submission.

The position under the Act

119 My starting point is that the power to set aside an adjudication
determination is a common law power which exists outside the Act. The Act
brings into effect an entirely new and bespoke adjudication regime. To that
end, it makes detailed statutory provision for every aspect of that regime
from creating a new statutory entitlement to a progress payment in s 5 to
setting out a statutory right to enforce an adjudication determination as a
judgment of the court in s 27. But nowhere in the Act does it create a power
to set aside an adjudication determination, let alone define the grounds on
which that power ought to be exercised. There is thus no provision in the Act
equivalent to s 48 of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) or to article
34(1) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration read
with s 24 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed). The
power to set aside an adjudication determination is not part of the bespoke
adjudication regime created by the Act. It is created by and regulated by the
common law.

120 In Citiwall Safety Glass Pte Ltd v Mansource Interior Pte Ltd [2015] 1 SLR
797 (“Citiwall”) the Court of Appeal confirmed that the power to set aside an
adjudication determination is a common law power. It is an aspect of the High
Court’s supervisory jurisdiction, i.e. the inherent power at common law of a
superior court “to review the proceedings and decisions of inferior courts and
tribunals or other public bodies discharging public functions” (see at [42]).
The Court of Appeal also confirmed in Citiwall that an application to set
aside an adjudication determination is akin to judicial review and that the
remedy for a successful challenger is akin to a quashing order (at [50]). A
quashing order is, of course, the current name for the ancient prerogative
writ of certiorari.

121 The applicant submits that a superior court has the power at common law to
grant certiorari, not only against the whole of an inferior tribunal’s
decision, but also against a severable part of that decision. By analogy
therefore, and on the authority of Citiwall ([120] supra), the High Court has
the power to set aside an adjudication determination either in its entirety or
in a severable part.

122 The applicant cites two authorities for that proposition. The first is the
decision of the House of Lords in Director of Public Prosecutions v Hutchinson
[1990] 2 AC 783 (“Hutchinson”), a criminal law case which turned on
administrative law principles. The second is a decision of Akenhead J at first
instance in Cantillon Limited v Urvasco Limited [2008] BLR 250 (“Cantillon”),
a security of payment case under the English scheme.

123 I now analyse each of the two cases relied upon by the applicant in turn.

The English approach

Hutchinson

124 The applicant relies on Hutchinson ([122] supra) to argue that, at common
law, a court before which a measure is successfully challenged in part need
not quash the entire measure but may sever and quash only its offending part
while upholding the remainder of the measure as valid and subsisting.

125 The actual question before the House of Lords in Hutchinson ([122] supra)
was whether certain subsidiary legislation which the House had found to be
ultra vires in part and intra vires in part was severable so as to support the
defendants’ convictions of criminal offences under the part that was intra
vires. The House of Lords held unanimously that there was a power at common
law to sever and annul in part. On the facts, however, the House of Lords held
unanimously that the subsidiary legislation in question did not come within
the principles on which that power could be exercised. The defendants’
convictions were therefore quashed.

126 Lord Bridge delivered the leading speech. He held that the test of
severance at common law is a double test comprising textual severability and
substantial severability. He defined each aspect of the double test as follows
(at 804):

What is involved is in truth a double test. I shall refer to the two aspects
of the test as textual severability and substantial severability. A
legislative instrument is textually severable if a clause, a sentence, a
phrase or a single word may be disregarded, as exceeding the law-maker's
power, and what remains of the text is still grammatical and coherent. A
legislative instrument is substantially severable if the substance of what
remains after severance is essentially unchanged in its legislative purpose,
operation and effect.

127 Although the House of Lords in Hutchinson ([122] supra) was unanimous in
the result, the law lords divided on the principles on which the power to
sever could be exercised at common law. The division was between Lord Bridge
for the majority and Lord Lowry in the minority. The issue which divided them
was whether it is possible to modify the text of the measure in question in
order to achieve severance when textual severance proves impossible. Lord
Bridge’s view (at 811) was that textual modification is possible, so long as
it leaves unaltered the substantial purpose and effect of the impugned
measure:

When textual severance is possible, the test of substantial severability will
be satisfied when the valid text is unaffected by, and independent of, the
invalid. The law which the court may then uphold and enforce is the very law
which the legislator has enacted, not a different law. But when the court must
modify the text in order to achieve severance, this can only be done when the
court is satisfied that it is effecting no change in the substantial purpose
and effect of the impugned provision.

128 Lord Lowry’s view (at 818) was that textual modification could not be used
to achieve substantial severability. In other words, there could be no
severance without textual severance:

My Lords, the accepted view in the common law jurisdictions has been that,
when construing legislation the validity of which is under challenge, the
first duty of the court, in obedience to the principle that a law should,
whenever possible, be interpreted ut res magis valeat quam pereat, is to see
whether the impugned provision can reasonably bear a construction which
renders it valid. Failing that, the court's duty … is to decide whether the
whole [of]… the challenged legislation or only part of it must be held invalid
and ineffective. That problem has traditionally be resolved by applying first
the textual, and then the substantial, severability test. If the legislation
failed the first test, it was condemned in its entirety. If it passed that
test, it had to face the next hurdle. This approach, in my opinion, has a
great deal in its favour.

129 Lord Bridge’s approach gained the agreement of all the law lords save for
Lord Lowry. It was also adopted and applied by the Privy Council in
Commissioner of Police v Davis [1994] 1 AC 283 at 298 to 299 per Lord Goff. I
therefore take Lord Bridge’s approach as correctly expressing the common law
position.

130 Hutchinson ([122] supra) is not, of course, directly applicable to the
case before me. It analyses the severability of delegated legislation in
administrative law. It does not analyse a superior court’s inherent
supervisory power to quash the decision of an inferior tribunal. But my
function in exercising that power is analogous to the House of Lords’ function
in Hutchinson. As in Hutchinson, I have to determine the consequence which
should properly follow when a decision-maker exercises a power which
Parliament has delegated to it contrary to Parliament’s intent in one respect
and in accordance with that intent in another respect.

131 Further, the House of Lords in Hutchinson ([122] supra) did not see a
conceptual distinction between severance when striking down subsidiary
legislation in part and severance when quashing the decision of an inferior
tribunal in part. Thus, Lord Lowry cited (at 815) with approval the decision
of McNeill J in R v Secretary of State for Transport ex parte Greater London
Council [1986] QB 556 (“ex parte GLC”). That case establishes (at 581) that
the remedies of both declaration and certiorari are available to quash an
unlawful and divisible part of an order or decision while upholding the
remainder. What precisely is a divisible – and therefore severable – part of
that order or decision is left to be determined in English law on the
principles in Hutchinson.

132 The common law power of severance which the House of Lords recognised in
the field of administrative law in Hutchinson ([122] supra) is in fact a power
which runs through the common law as a whole. In Gantley Pty Ltd v Phoenix
International Group Pty Ltd [2010] VSC 106 (“Gantley”), Vickery J in the
Supreme Court of Victoria had to consider whether a payment claim served under
the Victorian security of payment legislation was severable. He held that it
was, taking the view (at [101] – [104]) that Hutchinson was merely one aspect
of a general common law doctrine of severance:

The approach of Lord Bridge [in Hutchinson] is analogous to the principle of
severance which applies in other areas of the common law. For example, under a
contract where a term or part of a contract is uncertain, severance may be
ordered if it does not result in materially altering the nature of the bargain
which the parties have struck. Further, in relation to a will, part of which
has been induced by undue influence, the offending part may be severed from
the remainder if it does not materially alter the meaning of what remains.

133 Hutchinson ([122] supra) read with ex parte GLC ([131] supra), Gantley
([132] supra) and Citiwall ([120] supra) suffices as authority for the
proposition that the High Court hearing an application to set aside an
adjudication determination issued under the Act has the power to quash the
determination in part, provided that the part to be quashed meets Lord
Bridge’s test of severability in Hutchinson.

134 The respondent submits that dicta in two decisions of the Court of Appeal
preclude me from equating the power to set aside an adjudication determination
to a writ of certiorari. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Respondent’s submissions dated 27 June 2016 at paragraphs 265 and 266.

The two decisions are Chua Say Eng ([42] supra at [51]) and Citiwall ([120]
supra at [50]). I reject this submission. The respondent has misconstrued what
the Court of Appeal said in each case.

135 At [51] of Chua Say Eng ([42] supra), the Court of Appeal said:

The decision in Chase Oyster that, on the basis of the decision in Kirk, an
order of certiorari was available to quash or set aside an adjudicator’s award
made on a jurisdictional error is not relevant to the scope of the Act as it
concerned a constitutional issue which does not arise in Singapore under the
Act. As we explained earlier…, s 27 of the Act is not in pari materia with s
25(4)(a)(iii) of the NSW Act. What is of relevance to the courts in Singapore
is whether they should follow Brodyn or Chase Oyster in dealing with a breach
of the requirements of the Act (Sungdo ([11] supra) is not relevant to this
issue as it concerned the narrow question of the non-existence of a payment
claim).

[emphasis added]

136 What the Court of Appeal does in this paragraph is to point out that it is
a constitutional issue peculiar to Australia arising from the Australian High
Court’s decision in Kirk v Industrial Court (NSW) [2010] HCA 1 (“Kirk”) and
the interaction between Australian federal law and state law which compelled
the NSW Court of Appeal in Chase Oyster ([117] supra) to reject its own
earlier decision in Brodyn Pty Ltd t/as Time Cost and Quality v Davenport
[2004] NSWCA 394 (“Brodyn”). That constitutional issue arose because s
25(4)(a)(iii) of the NSW security of payment legislation precludes a
respondent in a NSW adjudication from challenging the determination in an
application to set aside a civil judgment founded on it. The effect of Brodyn,
on one view, was to erode the distinction between a jurisdictional error and
non-jurisdictional error under the NSW legislation and as a matter of NSW
state law. On that view of Brodyn, a respondent’s application to set aside a
judgment founded on an adjudication determination could fail even if the
respondent established jurisdictional error. That aspect of Brodyn could not
stand as a proposition of NSW state law after the High Court’s decision in
Kirk.

137 The constitutional issue which required the NSW Court of Appeal in Chase
Oyster ([117] supra) to reject Brodyn ([136] supra) does not arise and cannot
arise in Singapore. Apart from anything else, s 27 of our Act contains no
provision which could be read as barring a respondent from challenging an
adjudication determination on grounds of error, whether jurisdictional or
otherwise, on an application to set it aside. Our Court of Appeal was
therefore making the simple and indisputable point at [51] of Chua Say Eng
([42] supra) that it was not similarly compelled by a constitutional argument
to reject Brodyn and adopt Chase Oyster in Singapore.

138 Chua Say Eng ([42] supra) is most certainly not authority that the common
law principles which govern certiorari have no application to the power to set
aside an adjudication determination which is akin to certiorari. No doubt the
two bodies of principles are not necessarily identical. And no doubt the two
bodies may well develop in future along different lines at common law. But
Chua Say Eng is not authority that the two bodies have nothing at all in
common. The principles which they have in common include the doctrine of
severance and the discretion to withhold its grant in an extraordinary case
where there is an equally effective and convenient alternative remedy.

139 The respondent has also misconstrued Citiwall ([120] supra). The point
made by the Court of Appeal at [50] in Citiwall is that the Act and the
subsidiary legislation made to support it – including s 27 of the Act and O 95
of the Rules of Court (Cap 332, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed) – have modified the
procedure by which the High Court’s supervisory power is invoked to set aside
an adjudication determination. The Court of Appeal in Citiwall said nothing
about the content of that power.

140 The view I have taken of the power to set aside a determination is neither
endorsed nor contradicted directly by anything in the Act or in the case law
interpreting and applying the Act. There is nothing in the Act or the case law
which requires a court to exercise its power to set aside a determination by
setting aside the entire determination. Equally, there is nothing in the Act
or the case law which prohibits a court from setting aside a part of a
determination which it finds to be severable. That is not surprising. As I
have already mentioned, the Act makes no attempt to describe, prescribe or
circumscribe in any respect the content of the court’s power to set aside an
adjudication determination. And the question of severability has not been
considered in any case law under the Act to date.

141 Given that the Act has left setting aside to the common law, and given
that Chua Say Eng ([42] supra) and Citiwall ([120] supra) do not exclude the
operation of the common law doctrine of severance in exercising the power to
set aside, it appears to me that it is entirely appropriate that that power
should be exercisable against a severable part of an adjudication
determination. The doctrine of severance is based on the principle of ut res
magis valeat quam pereat. Applying that principle to an adjudication
determination permits the court to give the maximum effect permitted by law to
an adjudication determination, and thereby to advance the purposes of the Act.

Cantillon

142 The second case on which the applicant relies to argue that an
adjudication determination can be set aside in part is the decision of the
English High Court in Cantillon ([122] supra). Akenhead J concluded in that
case, albeit obiter, that an adjudicator’s decision under the English security
of payment scheme was severable, but only along the same lines, and to the
same extent, as the disputes before the adjudicator were several. Akenhead J
formulated (at [63]) the following six principles of severability under the
English security of payment scheme:

(a) The first step must be to ascertain what dispute or disputes has or have
been referred to adjudication. One needs to see whether in fact or in effect
there is in substance only one dispute or two and what any such dispute
comprises.

(b) It is open to a party to an adjudication agreement … to seek to refer more
than one dispute or difference to an adjudicator. If there is no objection to
that by the other party or if the contract permits it, the adjudicator will
have to resolve all referred disputes and differences. If there is objection,
the adjudicator can only proceed with resolving more than one dispute or
difference if the contract permits him to do so.

(c) If the decision properly addresses more than one dispute or difference, a
successful jurisdictional challenge on that part of the decision which deals
with one such dispute or difference will not undermine the validity and
enforceability of that part of the decision which deals with the other(s).

(d) The same in logic must apply to the case where there is a non-compliance
with the rules of natural justice which only affects the disposal of one
dispute or difference.

(e) There is a proviso to (c) and (d) above which is that, if the decision as
drafted is simply not severable in practice, for instance on the wording, or
if the breach of the rules of natural justice is so severe or all pervading
that the remainder of the decision is tainted, the decision will not be
enforced.

(f) In all cases where there is a decision on one dispute or difference, and
the adjudicator acts, materially, in excess of jurisdiction or in breach of
the rules of natural justice, the decision will not be enforced by the court.

I will refer to these principles as Cantillon principles (a) to (f).

143 The respondent submits that I cannot adopt and apply the approach in
Cantillon because the juridical basis of adjudication in England is different
from that in Singapore 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Respondent’s submissions dated 27 June 2016 at paragraph 327.

. I accept that distinction, of course. As I have already pointed out and
accepted, the juridical basis of adjudication in England is the parties’
agreement whereas the juridical basis of adjudication in Singapore is statute.
But that distinction in my view assists the applicant rather than the
respondent. It explains why Cantillon principles (a) to (f) turn on the
distinction between a single-dispute adjudication and a multiple-dispute
adjudication rather than on Hutchinson severability, without in any way
detracting from the availability of Hutchinson severability in Singapore.

144 I begin by observing that Cantillon principle (e) is the analogue of
Hutchinson’s test of textual severability. But principles (c), (d) and (f) are
not analogues of substantial severability. Instead, those principles make
severability turn entirely on the distinction between a one-dispute
adjudication and a multiple-dispute adjudication. That distinction is
artificial. But that distinction is also necessary because adjudication in
English law is founded on the parties’ agreement – express, implied or
imputed.

145 The modification is artificial because it makes severance on Cantillon
principles (c), (d) and (f) available only in a multiple-dispute adjudication.
But every dispute comprises a cascade of sub-disputes. Whether a claimant has
referred to adjudication one indivisible dispute made up of sub-disputes or
several distinct and divisible disputes is a question which depends in large
part, if not entirely, on the level of generality with which one undertakes
the inquiry necessary to answer it. There is therefore a real risk of artifice
in the Cantillon approach: the answer will always be in the eye of the
beholder. To that extent, Cantillon principles (c), (d) and (f) could be said
to be artificial in that they elevate form over substance.

146 But this artificial distinction is entirely necessary in English law. The
parties’ agreement is the sole basis for attaching interim finality to an
adjudicator’s decision and for enforcing that finality by entering summary
judgment on the decision. The parties’ agreement is therefore the only basis
on which to justify attaching interim finality to part only of an
adjudicator’s decision and then enforcing that finality by entering summary
judgment for that part. In other words, it is impossible to effect severance
in English law without undermining interim finality and enforceability unless
it is possible at the same time to separate the parties’ agreement to interim
finality and enforceability. The parties’ agreement can be separated only
where the disputes can be separated. It is for that reason that Akenhead J was
compelled to hold in Cantillon ([122] supra) that a court can cleave an
adjudicator’s decision in English law only along the same lines and to the
same extent as it can cleave the disputes before the adjudicator.

The English approach after Cantillon

147 The English cases which have come after Cantillon ([122] supra) have
recognised to a certain extent the artificiality inherent in Cantillon
principles (c), (d) and (f). They have begun by recognising that Cantillon
principle (f) is not absolute and that even a decision on a one-dispute
adjudication may be severed. These English cases, all of which the applicant
relies on, 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Applicant’s submissions dated 24 June 2016 at paragraphs 78 to 83.

are Quartzelec Ltd v Honeywell Control Systems Ltd [2008] EWHC 3315 (TCC), 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Applicant’s bundle of authorities at Tab 23.

Cleveland Bridge (UK) Ltd v Whessoe-Volker Stevin Joint Venture [2010] EWHC
1076 (TCC), 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Applicant’s bundle of authorities at Tab 15.

Pilon Ltd v Breyer Group plc [2010] BLR 452, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Applicant’s bundle of authorities at Tab 22.

Working Environments Ltd v Greencoat Construction Ltd [2012] BLR 309
(“Greencoat”), 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Applicant’s bundle of authorities at Tab 29.

Lidl UK GmbH v R G Carter Colchester Ltd [2012] EWHC 3188 (TCC) (“Lidl”), 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Applicant’s bundle of authorities at Tab 20.

Beck Interiors Ltd v UK Flooring Contractors Ltd [2012] BLR 417 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Applicant’s bundle of authorities at Tab 10.

and Stellite Construction Ltd v Vascroft Contractors Ltd [2016] EWHC 792
(TCC). 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Applicant’s bundle of authorities at Tab 26.

148 It suffices for present purposes to consider only two of these decisions.

149 In Greencoat ([147] supra), a claimant referred a single dispute to an
adjudicator. The respondent served a withholding notice under the parties’
contract, i.e. outside the adjudication, raising 12 items of claimed
deductions. The adjudicator took all 12 items into account in his decision in
the adjudication. Akenhead J, hearing the claimant’s application to enforce
the decision, held that the adjudicator had rightly taken 10 of those items
into account but had committed a jurisdictional error in taking the remaining
two into account. Cantillon principle (e) was satisfied. But principle (f) was
not, because only one dispute had been referred to the adjudicator. Akenhead J
nevertheless severed the part of the decision tainted by the adjudicator’s
error and allowed the claimant’s application to enforce the remainder.
Akenhead J did not, however, make clear how severance on these facts could be
reconciled with Cantillon principle (f).

150 Lidl ([147] supra) was again a one-dispute adjudication. A claimant
referred a dispute over liquidated and ascertained damages to adjudication. It
was common ground before Edwards-Stuart J that the adjudicator had exceeded
his jurisdiction by answering a question on liquidated damages which was not
put to him. The claimant argued that it was nevertheless entitled to enforce
the adjudicator’s decision on the basis that that part of the decision could
be severed. The respondent relied on Cantillon principle (f) to argue that the
adjudicator’s decision was entirely unenforceable because the claimant had
referred only one dispute – a dispute over liquidated damages – to
adjudication. Edwards-Stuart J rejected this argument, severed the
adjudication decision and permitted the claimant to enforce that part of the
decision unaffected by error.

151 Edwards-Stuart J expressly acknowledged in Lidl ([147] supra) that
Cantillon principle (f) is not absolute. Where an adjudicator exceeds his
jurisdiction by deciding a matter which the parties have not referred to him,
severance is permissible by way of exception to Cantillon principle (f), so
long as Cantillon principle (e) is satisfied (at [61]):

… At first sight it may appear that the decision in Greencoat conflicts with
the general principle that a decision cannot be severed where only one dispute
or difference has been referred. The rationale underlying this principle is, I
think, that where a single dispute or difference has been referred it will
generally be difficult to show that the reasoning in relation to the part of
the decision that it is being sought to sever had no impact on the reasoning
leading to the decision actually reached, or that the actual outcome would
still have been the same. If this is the case, the part cannot safely be
severed from the whole. However, where, in the case of the referral of a
single dispute additional questions are brought in and adjudicated upon,
whether by oversight or error, there should be no reason in principle why any
decision on those additional questions should not be severed provided that the
reasoning giving rise to it does not form an integral part of the decision as
a whole. However, failing this, the entire decision will be unenforceable.

152 In Construction Act Review: Adjudicators’ Decisions – Severability Update
[2014] Const LJ 249 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Respondent’s bundle of authorities (volume IV) at Tab E2.

by Peter Sheridan, the author analyses Greencoat, Lidl and the other cases
listed at [147] above. The same author also wrote Construction Act Review –
Severability of Adjudicators’ Decisions [2004] Const LJ 71 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Respondent’s bundle of authorities (volume IV) at Tab E2, footnote 1.

which influenced Akenhead J’s decision in Cantillon. In his later article, the
author concludes that Cantillon principle (f) is no longer absolute. He
therefore proposes to reformulate as follows:

(f) An adjudicator’s decision on a single dispute, partly made without
jurisdiction, may be severed so as to give effect to the part of the decision
made within jurisdiction provided that the remaining valid part of the
decision may be identified in terms of liability and quantum, without
adjustment or contribution to the content of the valid part by the court.

153 This formulation comes very close to approximating Lord Bridge’s test of
substantial severability in Hutchinson (see [126] above), with its language
adapted to the specialised field of adjudication. However, even with this
proposed revision, the Cantillon principles still rest on the distinction
between a one-dispute adjudication and a multiple-dispute adjudication. For
that reason, even the proposed revision to Cantillon principle (f) restricts
itself to jurisdictional error. If the domain of principle (f) is confined to
the one-dispute adjudication, then it is axiomatic that a breach of natural
justice would undermine the validity of the entirety of the adjudicator’s
decision on that single dispute. It is for that reason that Cantillon
principle (f) does not attempt to accommodate a breach of natural justice.

The Singapore approach

Synthesising a principle for jurisdictional error

154 The power to set aside an adjudication determination in part under our
security of payment scheme is no more than the court’s common law power to
quash the decision of an inferior tribunal in part. In applying that power to
the specialised field of adjudication in Singapore, it is not necessary to
draw an artificial distinction between a one-dispute adjudication and a
multiple-dispute adjudication in order to have a juridical basis for attaching
interim finality and enforceability to the remaining part which is upheld.
Both of those consequences result in Singapore from the force of statute, not
the agreement of the parties. Those two consequences continue to attach by
force of statute even if a determination is set aside in part.

155 It appears to me, therefore, that an adjudication determination under the
Act is severable for jurisdictional error on the following principles, drawing
on both Hutchinson ([122] supra) and Cantillon ([122] supra) and adapted to
the local context:

(a) The court may set aside a severable part of an adjudication determination
(what is a severable part being ascertained in accordance with paragraphs (b)
to (d) below) for jurisdictional error without undermining by that act alone
the interim finality and enforceability of the remainder of the determination
under the Act.

(b) Subject to paragraph (e) below, a part of a determination is severable for
jurisdictional error only if it is both textually severable and substantially
severable from the remainder of the determination.

(c) A part of a determination is textually severable if the textual elements
of the adjudicator’s determination on that part, including his reasons in
writing supporting that part given under s 17(2) read with s 16(8) of the Act,
may be disregarded, with what remains of the adjudicator’s reasons still being
grammatical and coherent.

(d) A part of a determination is substantially severable if the remainder of
the determination which is to be upheld as valid and which is to carry interim
finality and be enforced may be identified in terms of liability and quantum,
without adjustment or contribution to the content of the valid part by the
court.

(e) By way of exception to paragraphs (c) and (d) above, the court may modify
the text of the adjudicator’s determination in order to achieve severance if
the court is satisfied that it is effecting no change in the substantial
effect of the adjudication determination after accounting for the
jurisdictional error and its necessary editorial consequences.

156 I have accommodated in these principles only a challenge which succeeds
for jurisdictional error. I have not attempted to accommodate a challenge
which succeeds on natural justice grounds. There is no doubt that, in a
suitable case, a severable part of a determination which is tainted by a
breach of natural justice may be set aside without disturbing the remainder.
But identifying when that can occur is unnecessary for my decision and is best
done when the issue actually arises for decision.

157 The respondent submits strenuously that by severing an adjudication
determination on these principles, I am guilty of judicial legislation. I do
not accept that characterisation. As I have held, the Act leaves the content
of the power to set aside an adjudication determination entirely to the common
law. At common law, the power to quash includes a power to quash in part. No
parliamentary legislation is required to create that power. No judicial
legislation is involved in recognising and applying it.

The retention sum claim is severable on this principle

158 Applying the principles at [155] above to the case before me, it seems to
me that the adjudicator’s determination on the retention sum claim is both
textually severable and substantially severable.

159 The adjudication determination is textually severable because the
adjudicator gave his reasons for allowing the retention sum claim in only two
paragraphs of his determination and nowhere else. If I disregard those
paragraphs and the reasons they comprise entirely, the remainder of his
reasons remain both grammatical and coherent.

160 There is a slight difficulty with textual severance in that the
adjudicator awards to the applicant in paragraph 37 of his reasons the sum of
$379,530.80. That figure is the sum of the principal value of the payment
claim ($342,530.80) plus the value of the retention sum claim ($37,000). In
that same paragraph, the adjudicator certifies the adjudicated amount to be
$406,097.96, being the composite figure of $379,530.80 with goods and services
tax added to it at 7%. This adjudicated amount also appears in paragraph 3.1
of the determination. I cannot textually sever these figures in these two
paragraphs of the determination without disposing of the entire adjudicated
amount and discarding the essential content of the determination.

161 I am satisfied, however, that the principle at [155(e)] above permits me
to substitute the figure $342,530.80 for $379,530.80 in paragraph 37; and,
having added goods and services tax of 7% to this smaller figure, to
substitute the figure $366,507.96 for $406,097.96 in both paragraphs 3.1 and
37 as the adjudicated amount.

162 The adjudication determination is also substantially severable. It is not
mere happenstance that the adjudicator’s decision on the retention sum claim
is textually severable. The content of the applicant’s payment claim and the
content of the retention sum claim are entirely separate and involve separate
considerations of fact and law. With respect to the applicant’s payment claim,
the adjudicator considered whether the works carried out by the applicant
justified the payment claim. With respect to the retention sum claim, the
adjudicator considered whether the parties had contractually agreed that the
respondent was to withhold a retention sum. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

LHW Affidavit (dated 5 April 2016) at page 43 (the determination at page 12).

The adjudicator’s decision on the retention sum can be severed from the
remainder of the determination without any interference with his determination
on the applicant’s payment claim and without the court adjusting to or
contributing to the content of the valid part of the determination apart from,
as I have mentioned, the arithmetical consequences of the jurisdictional
error.

163 The effect of severance is to quash the adjudicator’s determination on the
retention sum claim and to uphold the remainder of the determination as being
valid and as carrying interim finality. That remainder can be identified
easily and with certainty both in terms of liability and quantum. Liability
remains with the respondent despite severance. For the reasons I have given
above, the quantum of the remaining claim is precisely $366,507.96, including
goods and services tax.

164 In addition to awarding the adjudicated amount to the applicant, the
adjudicator also awarded interest on the adjudicated amount and the costs of
the adjudication to the applicant. The interest component poses no impediment
to severance. The adjudicator awarded interest which accrues at 5.33% on the
adjudicated amount on and from 14 February 2016. The editorial change to the
adjudicated amount automatically changes the principal on which interest
accrues without need for further editorial change.

165 As for the costs award, there is no difficulty in satisfying substantial
severability on the liability for costs. The adjudicator awarded the entire
costs of the adjudication to the applicant. Those costs comprise $600 as the
authorised nominating body’s fee and $4,800 as his own fees. The respondent
did not file a payment response and therefore was rightly barred under s 15(3)
from advancing any reasons against payment, both in respect of the payment
claim and in respect of the retention sum claim. As a result, it is possible
to say with certainty that the applicant: (i) would have been entirely
successful even if the applicant had not invited the adjudicator to determine
the retention sum claim; and (ii) remains entirely successful even after
severance. Severance does not require any editorial adjustment to the
respondent’s liability for costs. Even if it were to appear to me that an
adjustment was necessary because, hypothetically, the adjudicator had
apportioned the costs between the parties in his determination and that
apportionment could no longer stand after the severable part had been set
aside, that erroneous apportionment would have been in my view an error by the
adjudicator within his jurisdiction rather than a jurisdictional error. Even
on that hypothesis, therefore, that error would not have entailed setting
aside either the costs award or the entire determination on the principles in
Chua Say Eng ([42] supra) and would have been no impediment to severance.

166 Substantial severability on the quantum of costs is slightly more
difficult. The award of the authorised nominating body’s fee does not in
itself pose a difficulty. That is a fixed fee of $600. It would have been the
same fixed fee even if the adjudicator had not fallen into jurisdictional
error. The quantum of this element of costs is therefore unaffected by the
severance. The difficulty lies in the adjudicator’s fees. Those fees are fixed
at $300 per hour. Although that is subject to a statutory maximum, that
maximum was not in any event reached in this case.

167 The adjudicator’s fees of $4,800 therefore represent 16 hours of the
adjudicator’s time-costs. I cannot tell how many of those 16 hours the
adjudicator spent adjudicating upon the payment claim and how many he spent
adjudicating upon the retention sum claim. But it seems to me that, to the
extent that an adjudicator includes in his determination of the costs payable
by a respondent to him in an adjudication an element of his own time-costs for
determining a part of the claim while labouring under a jurisdictional error,
his determination on the quantum of costs is not liable to be set aside if his
determination of that part is set aside as a result of that jurisdictional
error. I say that for two alternative reasons.

168 First, it appears to me that an adjudicator’s error in including an
element of improperly incurred time-costs in his determination of his own fees
in an adjudication is once again an error within his jurisdiction. There is no
indication in the Act that its legislative purpose is to invalidate either the
costs aspect of the determination or the entire determination as a result of
such an error (see Chua Say Eng [42] supra at [66] – [67]).

169 Alternatively, if I am wrong on that, and there was jurisdictional error
in relation to the determination on costs, I would hold on the facts of this
case that this is an appropriate case in which to exercise the court’s
discretion to withhold the remedy of a setting aside order in relation to the
costs determination. The sum in question is de minimis, being a relatively
small proportion of the $4,800 in fees which is in turn a relatively small
proportion of the total value of the adjudication amount, whether before or
after severance. And there is an alternative remedy which is adequate and
appropriate, bearing in mind the quantum involved, which is to leave it to the
respondent to recover any overpayment on fees as damages in arbitration or
litigation brought by it to determine with full finality the parties’ rights
and liabilities arising from their disputes comprised in this adjudication.

170 For these reasons, there is no need to make any editorial adjustment to
the costs element of the determination in order to achieve substantial
severance of the retention sum claim. The costs element of the determination
is to stand as determined by the adjudicator, both as to liability and
quantum.

The Australian approach

171 The respondent argues that my approach to severance is heterodox and urges
me to adopt instead the approach taken in the Australian cases. The submission
is that the Australian cases are of more persuasive authority than the English
cases because the various Australian state jurisdictions, like Singapore, have
a security of payment scheme which is statutory rather than one based on the
parties’ agreement.

172 The respondent submits that the effect of the Australian cases is to
establish that, in a jurisdiction which has enacted a statutory security of
payment scheme, an adjudication determination is not severable unless there is
specific statutory authority permitting severance. There is specific statutory
authority only in the Victorian and in the Queensland security of payment
legislation. More specifically, the NSW security of payment legislation –
which served as a model for our own legislation – has no such statutory
authority.

173 The Australian cases on which the respondent relies, in chronological
order, are:

(a) the NSW cases of Multiplex Constructions Pty Ltd v Luikens [2003] NSWSC
1140 (“Multiplex”), 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Respondent’s bundle of authorities (volume II) at Tab B12.

Lanskey Constructions Pty Ltd v Noxequin Pty Ltd (in liq) [2005] NSWSC 963
(“Lanskey”) 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Respondent’s bundle of authorities (volume II) at Tab B8.

and Watpac Construction (NSW) Pty Ltd v Austin Corp Pty Ltd [2010] NSWSC 347
(“Watpac”); 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Respondent’s bundle of authorities (volume II) at Tab B20.

(b) the Queensland cases of James Trowse Constructions Pty Ltd v ASAP
Plasterers Pty Ltd & Ors [2011] QSC 145 (“James Trowse”) 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Respondent’s bundle of authorities (volume II) at Tab B6.

and BM Alliance Coal Operations Pty Ltd v BGC Contracting Pty Ltd & Ors [2013]
QCA 394 (“BM Alliance”); 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Respondent’s bundle of authorities (volume II) at Tab B3.

and

(c) the Western Australia case of Alliance Contracting Pty Ltd v James [2014]
WASC 212 at [87] (“Alliance Contracting”). 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Respondent’s bundle of authorities (volume II) at Tab B1.

I have considered each of these cases. None of them is authority contrary to
the position which I have taken on severability.

174 I make three overarching points which touch on the decisions in all of
these cases before I consider each case in turn.

175 The first overarching point I make is that in none of these cases did the
claimant argue that the power at common law to quash a decision of an inferior
tribunal in part could be exercised to quash an adjudicator’s determination in
part. None of these case therefore considered – let alone rejected – the very
point which the claimant canvasses before me and which I have accepted. To
that extent, therefore, none of these cases is even persuasive authority that
the common law power to quash in part does not apply to the court’s power to
set aside an adjudication determination.

176 The second overarching point is that none of these Australian cases
contemplates a situation such as the present, where an adjudicator exceeds his
jurisdiction by determining a claim which he had no statutory authority
whatsoever to determine. That was precisely the scenario which the English
court had to consider in Greencoat ([147] supra) and Lidl ([147] supra). That
is the type of case in which severance poses the least conceptual difficulty.
For that reason, I consider the English approach to be more persuasive. I do
not consider that purposes of the Act are advanced by denying outright any
power to sever even in the straightforward case – such as a case involving a
clear jurisdictional error like the one before me – simply because severance
will be difficult and may be impossible in more complex cases. I consider that
the purposes of the Act are advanced by recognising the common law doctrine of
severance as applying to any application to set aside an adjudication
determinations for jurisdictional error, subject to satisfying the tests of
textual severability and substantial severability which have been set out.

177 The third overarching point is related to the first two. Each of these
Australian cases proceeds on the assumption that – because adjudication is a
creature of statute – a power to quash an adjudication determination in part
must also be created by statute. That argument from statute has been addressed
in the case before me by my finding that our power under our Act to set aside
an adjudication determination is not a creature of statute at all; and also by
my acceptance of the authority of Hutchinson ([122] supra) and Cantillon
([122] supra) at common law.

178 In my view, Vickery J in Gantley ([132] supra) took the correct approach
to the question, albeit in the context of a payment claim rather than an
adjudication determination. He too was presented with a submission that the
court had no power to sever a payment claim because the Victorian security of
payment legislation did not permit it. He did not hesitate to reject this
submission as being contrary to the purposes and objects of security of
payment legislation generally (at [115]):

I do not accept this submission. The question should be whether the Act,
either expressly or impliedly, operates to exclude the common law doctrine of
severance. I find that it does not. Indeed, the purposes and objects of the
Act … are best served by processes which, so far as possible, ought to
accommodate reasonable flexibility and avoid unnecessary technicality.

179 The respondent submits that I should not place any weight on Gantley
([132] supra) because s 23(2B) 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Respondent’s bundle of authorities (volume I) at Tab A8, page A253.

of the Victorian security of payment legislation contains an express power to
permit a court to set aside an adjudication determination in part, i.e. “to
the extent that it has been made in contravention” of the Victorian equivalent
of s 17(3) of the Act. That distinction is not, to my mind, to the point. The
fact is that Vickery J held that the common law doctrine of severance applied
to a payment claim because the Victorian legislation did not expressly or
impliedly prohibit severance of a payment claim. So too, in the case before
me, I have held that the common law doctrine of severance applies to an
adjudication determination because the Act does not expressly or impliedly
prohibit severance of an adjudication determination.

180 I will now deal with each of the Australian cases in turn.

Multiplex

181 In Multiplex ([173(a)] supra), Palmer J found that an adjudicator had made
a jurisdictional error in relation to one item worth $99,609 in a
determination worth over $529,000. He held, however, that the court had no
power to dissect the adjudicated sum in order to quash the determination in
part because arriving at the “adjudicated amount” was a duty imposed on the
adjudicator by the NSW equivalent of s 17(2) of our Act (at [91]):

The first point to note is that although the jurisdictional error in this case
has affected only one disputed claim … the court cannot quash just the
decision which affects [that claim], leaving the rest of the Determination
intact. That is because the adjudication process is required by s 22(1) of the
Act [in pari materia with s 17(2) of our Act] to produce only three findings:
the adjudicated amount (if any), the date on which that amount becomes payable
and the rate of interest payable. Only these findings are reflected in the
adjudication certificate which is issued under s 24(3) of the Act and filed as
a judgment under s 25(1). The adjudicator has no power to correct the
adjudication amount where it is shown to have been produced by error of law,
whether or not jurisdictional. There is power to correct a determination under
s 22(5) only in accordance with what might loosely be called the ‘slip rule’.
None of the circumstances provided in s 22(5) is applicable in the present
case.

182 Having held that he had no power to sever the adjudication determination,
however, Palmer J did not leave unresolved the practical problem which that
finding gave rise to. He relied (at [94]) on the “well-established [principle]
that relief in the nature of the prerogative writs may be withheld in the
Court’s discretion if there is another ‘equally effective and convenient
remedy’”. He declined, however, to exercise that discretion on the facts of
the case because: (i) the amount in question was high, almost 20% of the total
value of the determination; (ii) there was no evidence that the dispute was in
the process of being resolved with full finality; and (iii) there was no
evidence how long it would take for their dispute to be resolved with full
finality. He accordingly quashed the determination in its entirety.

183 It appears to me, with respect, that the inevitable pragmatic difficulties
which are posed by an adjudication determination which is valid in part and
void in part are best resolved by accepting that the common law power to quash
in part extends to adjudication determinations rather than by relying on the
discretion to withhold the power to quash on the basis that there is an
equally effective and convenient alternative remedy. Where an adjudication
determination is void in part, i.e. affected by the first type of error in
Chua Say Eng ([42] supra), it would be an affront to the scheme of the Act to
exercise a discretion to withhold an order confirming that part as being void
by quashing it. But it would, in my view, be equally an affront to the scheme
of the Act to quash even the valid parts of a severable determination when a
power exists at common law to quash only a part of it and when there is
nothing in the Act to exclude that power.

Lanskey

184 In Lanskey ([173(a)] supra), a claimant put forward a payment claim which
was final in nature. It was therefore essential that the adjudicator ascertain
the value of the work which the claimant had actually completed. The
respondent advanced 69 deductions in response to the payment claim. The
adjudicator mischaracterised all 69 of the deductions as being in the nature
of a set-off for defective work. In fact, a number of the deductions were not
for defective work but were for incomplete work. These deductions totalled in
value A$12,435.39 out of the determination’s total value of A$145,849.90. As a
result of his mischaracterisation, the adjudicator failed to determine the
value of the work completed. This error led Associate Justice Macready to hold
that the adjudicator had denied the respondent natural justice (at [15]) and
had failed exercise his power bona fide to determine the dispute before him
(at [19]). The judge also held, following Palmer J’s reasoning in Multiplex
([173(a)] supra), that he had no power to sever the adjudication determination
(at [20] – [22]).

185 Lanskey ([173(a)] supra) simply followed Multiplex ([173(a)] supra)
without adding to Palmer J’s analysis. For the same reason I have given above,
and in light of the three overarching points I have made about all the
Australian cases, I do not consider that Lanskey is authority against the
approach I have taken in this case.

Watpac

186 In Watpac ([173(a)] supra), McDougall J quashed an adjudication
determination in its entirety even though a breach of natural justice affected
only a part of it. In the course of his judgment he said this (at [27] –
[29]):

[27] [Counsel for the respondent] referred also to the decision of the [NSW]
Court of Appeal in John Holland Pty Ltd v Roads & Traffic Authority of New
South Wales (2007) 23 BCL 205. The particular significance of that decision is
that it supports the proposition that there is no concept in relation to
determinations, of partial invalidity. … If it seems to me to follow from this
that if a determination lacks some essential condition … then the
consequences, of invalidity, follow.

[28] … On either basis [i.e. if a statutory precondition of validity is not
satisfied or if there has been a substantial denial of natural justice] there
is lacking something essential to validity. On either basis, the resulting
determination must be void. And what is void is the determination, not the
particular part affected by the relevant invalidating circumstance.

[29] To put it another way: if the court were to strike down part only of the
determination, it would be, in effect, rewriting it. That would usurp the
function entrusted by the [NSW] Act to adjudicators. In addition, it may not
always be obvious to see how a denial of natural justice has affected the
outcome: for example, where the omitted or irrelevant matter had the capacity
to [affect] … the adjudicator’s overall view of the “credibility” or substance
of a party’s case.

187 The key point about Watpac ([173(a)] supra) is that it dealt with the
difficult issue of a breach of natural justice. A breach of natural justice
can be of many types and can have many consequences. Some breaches may affect
the determination of every aspect of every dispute before the adjudicator. It
must follow in such a case that the entire determination must to be set aside.
Some breaches may affect only what is clearly a severable part of a
determination. It suffices in such a case to sever and set aside only that
part. Yet other breaches may affect a severable part of a determination but do
so in a manner which suggests that the adjudicator misapprehended his entire
task. It may follow, but not necessarily so, that the entire determination
must be set aside. A further difficulty in analysing the difficulties in a
breach of natural justice case is that the counterfactual analysis necessary
to effect severance is far more complicated. That analysis carries a great
risk of the court contributing to the content of the determination or of the
court substituting its judgment for that of the adjudicator. It is for these
reasons that I have left it to a case in which the issue actually arises for
an error consisting of a breach of the rules of natural justice to be
accommodated within the principles I have ventured to suggest at [155] above.

188 A jurisdictional error is of an entirely different nature. A
jurisdictional error is far more likely to result in nullifying or
invalidating only a severable aspect of the determination. The jurisdictional
error in the case before me illustrates this. The part of the determination
which is affected by the error is severable both as to liability and quantum.
The counterfactual is obvious beyond doubt. What the adjudicator’s
determination would have been if he had not fallen into jurisdictional error
can be ascertained with absolute certainty. There is no danger of the court
substituting its own decision on the content of the dispute for the
adjudicator’s determination.

189 For all these reasons, therefore, it appears to me that Watpac ([173(a)]
supra) is not persuasive authority against the approach I have taken.

James Trowse

190 In James Trowse ([173(b)] supra), an adjudicator determined that a
claimant was entitled to A$167,522.32. The respondent applied for judicial
review of the determination alleging that the adjudicator had made a number of
errors. Atkinson J held that the determination was unaffected by error save
that the adjudicator had breached the rules of natural justice in awarding the
claimant A$22,101 for a particular variation claim. As a result, she quashed
the entire determination, holding (at [56]) that severance was not possible
under the Queensland security of payment scheme. She relied on s 26(1)(a) of
the Queensland legislation – to the same effect for present purposes as s
17(2)(a) of our Act – to hold (at [57] – [59]) that the Queensland statute:
(i) empowers and obliges the adjudicator to arrive at a single sum which by
statute carries interim finality and bind the parties; and (ii) does not, in
the absence of express statutory authority to that effect (as there was in
Victoria), allow a Queensland court to dissect that sum:

[56] The Victorian [security of payments legislation] includes provisions not
found in its interstate equivalents which may render the adjudicator’s
decision partially void…. In the absence of any such provision, it is not
possible to sever the adjudication determination.

[57] The statutory scheme in Queensland provides for an adjudication decision
for one amount only. Pursuant to s 26 of [the Queensland legislation], an
adjudicator is to decide the amount of the progress payment, if any, to be
paid by the respondent to the claimant (the adjudicated amount) ….

[58] The adjudicated amount is a statutorily created sum that once determined
is final and binding upon the parties. …

[59] Save a slip rule, there is no mechanism available to sever any unlawful
finding from an adjudicated amount, in particular a part of the adjudicated
amount that is infected by jurisdictional error as found in this case.

191 I make only one point on James Trowse ([173(b)] supra) in addition to my
three overarching points. Atkinson J herself accepted (at [55]) that her all-
or-nothing approach was “not necessarily an attractive result”. That is why,
no doubt, the Queensland security of payment legislation was thereafter
amended by introducing a new s 100(4) which expressly empowers a Queensland
court to set aside an identifiable part of an adjudicator’s decision on
grounds of jurisdictional error while allowing the part of the decision not
affected by the error to remain binding on the parties. There appears to me to
be no reason that Singapore law should countenance such an unattractive result
and wait for legislative cure when the common law power to quash in part
offers an immediate solution and is not prohibited by our Act.

BM Alliance

192 The next case which the respondent relies on is the decision of Muir JA in
the Queensland Court of Appeal in BM Alliance ([173(b)] supra). That was an
appeal from a decision of Applegarth J at first instance (at [2013] QSC 67).
In BM Alliance, a respondent applied for a declaration that an adjudication
determination was void as a result of three jurisdictional errors. Applegarth
J upheld only one of those three errors. That error affected a claim worth
A$4.3m out of the total award of A$28m. Instead of declaring the entire
determination void, however, Applegarth J accepted the claimant’s undertaking
to repay the A$4.3m to the respondent as an adequate alternative remedy for
the respondent. He therefore exercised his discretion to withhold certiorari
to declare the entire determination void. The respondent appealed.

193 The Queensland Court of Appeal allowed the appeal and declared the entire
determination to be void. Muir JA, giving the principal judgment, held that:
(i) an administrative decision arrived at in jurisdictional error lacks legal
foundation and has no legal effect whatsoever unless statute intends to the
contrary (at [62] and [66]); (ii) there was no basis in the provisions of the
Queensland statute or in its underlying purposes or policy to find such a
contrary intent (at [68] and [76]); and (iii) the respondent therefore had a
right to have the entire determination declared void and not just the A$4.3m
tainted by jurisdictional error (at [77]).

194 BM Alliance ([173(b)] supra) is not a decision on the applicability of
severance to adjudication determinations. Applegarth J’s decision at first
instance did not sever the adjudication determination. Nor did Muir JA on
appeal hold that adjudication determinations are not severable. Instead, the
case turned on whether it is appropriate to exercise the court’s discretion to
withhold prerogative relief even though jurisdictional error has been
established, on the grounds that there is a more convenient and satisfactory
remedy available to the respondent. The decision of the Queensland Court of
Appeal reaffirms that the remedy of certiorari is to be withheld only in
extraordinary cases. That is not the approach I have taken to the retention
sum claim.

Alliance Contracting

195 In Alliance Contracting ([173(c)] supra), a claimant referred a number of
disputes over variations to adjudication. The respondent raised a number of
set-offs and cross-claims in its response. The adjudicator resolved the rival
contentions and found that the net result was that the claimant owed the
respondent the net sum of A$6.2m. But he held that he had no jurisdiction, on
an adjudication commenced by a claimant, to award a sum against the claimant.
He therefore determined merely that the claimant was not entitled to recover
any sum from the respondent.

196 The respondent sought judicial review of the adjudicator’s determination.
The respondent confined its challenge to the adjudicator’s determination that
he had no jurisdiction to award a sum against the claimant. By doing that, the
respondent sought to leave intact his determination that the claimant owed the
respondent A$6.2m. Beech J in the Supreme Court of Western Australia held
that: (i) the adjudicator was correct in determining that he had no power to
award a sum against the claimant (at [75]); and (ii) that if the respondent
were correct and the adjudicator had committed jurisdictional error, the
entire determination would have to be quashed, there being no power to sever
(at [91]).

197 Alliance Contracting ([173(c)] supra) does not support the respondent’s
submissions to me. First, Beech J dismissed the application because the
adjudicator had not been guilty of any jurisdictional error. What he said
about severance was clearly and merely obiter. Second, what the respondent was
trying to do in that case, rather audaciously, was not to sever the
adjudicator’s decision along lines of divisible substance on the Hutchinson
principles. Instead, the respondent was attempting to sever and nullify the
adjudicator’s reasoning on a single issue: whether he had the power to award a
sum against the claimant. As Beech J himself said (at [91]) the power of
severance does not allow a party to cherry-pick favourable findings within
even a divisible part of an adjudication determination (at [91]):

In my view, the adjudication cannot be divided into component steps in its
reasoning, and one or more separate steps then impugned by judicial review. It
is the adjudication that is liable to judicial review, not elements of the
reasoning adopted in the adjudication. If the adjudicator made the
jurisdictional error alleged by [the respondent], the adjudication is liable
to be quashed. The substance of what is sought by [the respondent] is to
preserve the whole of the adjudication, except for the adjudicator’s
conclusion that he had no power to award a sum in favour of [the respondent].
I am not persuaded that it would be open to grant the relief sought by [the
respondent].

Conclusion on the Australian authorities

198 For the reasons I have given, I do not find the respondent’s submissions
based on the Australian authorities to be persuasive. There is nothing in the
Australian cases which demonstrates to me that I do not have the power to
sever the determination or that I should not exercise the power to order that
the determination be set aside in part, i.e. to the extent of the retention
sum of $37,000 plus $2,590 goods and services tax, and upheld as to the
remainder.

Conclusion

199 I conclude by repeating and summarising my holdings and findings. The
applicant’s payment claim was based on a single contract. The adjudicator did
not act in excess of jurisdiction in determining the payment claim. But the
retention sum claim was not part of the payment claim. The adjudicator
therefore exceeded his jurisdiction in purporting to determine the retention
sum claim. That is an error of the first type in Chua Say Eng ([42] supra).
That aspect of the determination is therefore a nullity. I have declined to
permit the entire determination to stand by exercising my discretion to
withhold the remedy of setting aside. But I do have the power to set aside a
severable part of the determination rather than the entire determination. The
determination of the retention sum claim is a severable part of the
determination. It is both textually severable and substantially severable.
Although some editorial adjustments are necessary to carry through the
arithmetical consequences of the severance, those adjustments are permissible
and do not detract from severability. I have therefore exercised the power to
sever in order to set aside that part – and only that part – of the
determination, comprising $37,000 plus $2,590 in goods and services tax.

200 The applicant is entitled to the costs of this application. The respondent
has failed in its attempt to set aside the determination in its entirety.
Although the applicant too has not succeeded in its primary submission that I
should uphold the determination in its entirety, it has succeeded in its
alternative submission that the adjudicator’s determination of the retention
sum claim should be severed and that part set aside alone. It is also fair to
say that the applicant did not press its primary submission with great
enthusiasm. I therefore consider the event on this application to be in the
applicant’s favour without qualification. Costs must follow that event.

201 I have therefore ordered that the respondent pay to the applicant the
costs of and incidental to this application, such costs fixed at $8,000 plus
reasonable disbursements.

202 The applicant is entitled to have released to it the sum of money which
the respondent paid into court as security under s 27(5) of the Act. However,
in ordering the release of that sum, I must reflect my decision to set aside
the determination to the extent of the retention sum claim. The sum paid by
the respondent into court has an element of post-determination interest
calculated in accordance with the adjudicator’s determination. I cannot,
therefore, simply order that the Accountant General release $37,000, with or
without goods and services tax, to the respondent.

203 The retention sum claim ($37,000) represents 9.749% of the adjudicated
amount ($379,539.80). I have therefore ordered the Accountant General to
release to the respondent 9.749% of the sum which the respondent paid into
court together with the further interest accrued on that part of the money
while it has been held by the Accountant General. The balance of the sum paid
into court by the respondent together with the further interest accrued on it
must be released to the applicant.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge

Daniel Koh, Poonaam Bai, and Lorenda Lee (Eldan Law LLP) for the applicant;  
Tan Tian Luh and Ngo Wei Shing (Chancery Law Corporation) for the respondent.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

