Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court OF THREE JUDGES of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 47

Originating Summons No 6 of 2017

In the matter of Sections 94(1) and 98(1) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap
161, 2009 Rev Ed)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of GURDAIB SINGH S/O PALA SINGH, an Advocate and Solicitor of
the Supreme Court of the Republic of Singapore  
---  
  
Between

THE LAW SOCIETY OF SINGAPORE  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

GURDAIB SINGH S/O PALA SINGH  
---  
  
… Respondent

EX TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Legal Profession] — [Disciplinary Proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Law Society of Singapore

  
v

  

Gurdaib Singh s/o Pala Singh

[2018] SGHC 47

Court of Three Judges — Originating Summons No 6 of 2017  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Judith Prakash JA and Steven Chong JA  
27 February 2018

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 Two charges and alternative charges were proffered against the Respondent,
as follows:

FIRST CHARGE

“That you, GURDAIB SINGH S/O PALA SINGH, an Advocate and Solicitor of the
Supreme Court of Singapore, have, without just cause, failed, refused and/or
neglected to pay or refund the full sum of US$250,000 to the Complainant
pursuant to the Escrow Agreement dated 5 November 2014, which sum was to be
held in escrow by you and/or your firm, Gurdaib, Cheong & Partners, and you
have thereby committed an act amounting to grossly improper conduct in the
discharge of your professional duty under Section 83 (2)(b) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161).”

ALTERNATIVE FIRST CHARGE

“That you, GURDAIB SINGH S/O PALA SINGH, an Advocate and Solicitor of the
Supreme Court of Singapore, have, without just cause, failed, refused and/or
neglected to pay or refund the full sum of US$250,000 to the Complainant
pursuant to the Escrow Agreement dated 5 November 2014, which sum was to be
held in escrow by you and/or your firm, Gurdaib, Cheong & Partners, and you
have thereby committed an act amounting to misconduct unbefitting of an
advocate and solicitor as an officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an
honourable profession under Section 83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap
161).”

SECOND CHARGE

“That you, GURDAIB SINGH S/O PALA SINGH, an Advocate and Solicitor of the
Supreme Court of Singapore, have breached Rule 8(4) of the Legal Profession
(Solicitors’ Accounts) Rules by drawing, or causing to be drawn, the sum of
S$5,000 from the client account of your firm, Gurdaib, Cheong & Partners, by
way of a cash cheque dated 9 September 2015 without the leave of a Judge of
the High Court and you have thereby committed an act amounting to grossly
improper conduct in the discharge of your professional duty under Section
83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161).”

ALTERNATIVE SECOND CHARGE

“That you, GURDAIB SINGH S/O PALA SINGH, an Advocate and Solicitor of the
Supreme. Court of Singapore, have breached Rule 8(4) of the Legal Profession
(Solicitors’ Accounts) Rules by drawing, or causing to be drawn, the sum of
S$5,000 from the client account of your firm, Gurdaib, Cheong & Partners, by
way of a cash cheque dated 9 September 2015 without the leave of a Judge of
the High Court and you have thereby committed an act amounting to misconduct
unbefitting of an advocate and solicitor as an officer of the Supreme Court or
as a member of an honourable profession under Section 83(2)(h) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161).”

2 The Respondent pleaded guilty to both charges. We agree with the
Disciplinary Tribunal that the Respondent’s conduct with regard to both
charges constituted “grossly improper conduct” within the meaning of s
83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed).

3 We also note that, in so far as the First Charge is concerned, the
Respondent has in fact failed to make full restitution of the sum of $250,000
to the Complainant. Further, the mitigating circumstances he relies on cannot
excuse him because they do not impact his decision not to pay or refund the
sum that was deposited pursuant to the Escrow Agreement dated 5 November 2014.

4 Further, the Respondent’s conduct with regard to the Second Charge is, as
the Disciplinary Tribunal pointed out, no mere technical breach and in fact
constitutes a serious breach of the Legal Profession (Solicitors’ Accounts)
Rules (Cap 161, R 8, 1999 Ed) which are in place in order to protect clients’
monies.

5 In so far as the sentence to be meted out to the Respondent is concerned, we
note the following observations by this court in Law Society of Singapore v
Ismail bin Atan [2017] 5 SLR 746 at [20]–[22]:

20 In Law Society of Singapore v Ravindra Samuel [1999] 1 SLR(R) 266
(“Ravindra Samuel”), Yong Pung How CJ held (at [15]) that:

The following principles on disciplinary sentencing may be extracted from the
above authorities:

(a) where a solicitor has acted dishonestly, the court will order that he be
struck off the roll of solicitors;

(b) if a solicitor is not shown to have acted dishonestly, but is shown to
have fallen below the required standards of integrity, probity and
trustworthiness, he will nonetheless be struck off the roll of solicitors, as
opposed to merely being suspended, if his lapse is such as to indicate that he
lacks the qualities of character and trustworthiness which are the necessary
attributes of a person entrusted with the responsibilities of a legal
practitioner.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

21 It is obvious from this extract that dishonesty is not some sort of a
threshold or prerequisite that must be satisfied before a solicitor is liable
to be struck off. Thus, the fact that the present case perhaps did not involve
dishonesty is, in and of itself, not determinative. In our judgment, the
applicable principle is this: even in cases that do not involve dishonesty,
where a solicitor conducts himself in a way that falls below the required
standards of integrity, probity and trustworthiness, and brings grave
dishonour to the profession, he will be liable to be struck off. Indeed, if a
solicitor’s conduct is so egregious as to bring such dishonour to the
profession, it must invariably follow that such conduct indicates that the
solicitor “lacks the qualities of character and trustworthiness which are the
necessary attributes of a person entrusted with the responsibilities of a
legal practitioner”. Based on what we have earlier noted (see [18] above),
this test is amply satisfied in the present case. The respondent had acted
disgracefully and reprehensibly, and we have no qualms in concluding that his
conduct has brought grave dishonour to the profession.

22 In the final analysis, the question to be asked is whether the solicitor in
question is a fit and proper person to be an advocate and solicitor of the
court. In Ravindra Samuel, Yong CJ put it this way (at [13]):

There is therefore a serious responsibility on the court, a duty to itself, to
the rest of the profession and to the whole of the community, to be careful
not to accredit any person as worthy of public confidence and therefore fit to
practise as an advocate and solicitor who cannot satisfactorily establish his
right to those credentials. In the end therefore, the question to be
determined is whether the solicitor in question is a fit and proper person to
be an advocate and solicitor of the court, and the orders to be made are to be
directed to ensuring that, to the extent that he is not, his practice is
restricted. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

[emphasis in original]

6 In the circumstances, we order that the Respondent be struck off the roll of
advocates and solicitors. In particular, in relation to the First Charge, we
echo this court’s sentiments in Re Lim Kiap Khee [2001] 2 SLR(R) 398 that it
is of the utmost importance that a solicitor should abide by his formal
undertaking. To deliberately breach such an undertaking, given in a
professional capacity, would seriously undermine the integrity of the
profession. While there is no evidence that the Respondent gained personally
from the breach of the undertaking, he has nevertheless fallen below the
required standards of integrity, probity and trustworthiness, and, by his
actions, has brought grave dishonour to the profession.

7 The costs of the present proceedings, fixed at $6,000, are awarded to the
Law Society.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash Steven Chong  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Tan Tee Jim SC and Amanda Lim (Lee & Lee) for the applicant;  
The respondent in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

