Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 80

Originating Summons No 1034 of 2017

Between

Wong Souk Yee

… Applicant

And

Attorney-General

… Respondent

judgment

[Administrative Law] — [judicial review]

[Constitutional Law] — [Constitution] — [interpretation]

[Constitutional Law] — [Parliament] — [by-election]

[Elections] — [voting] — [right to vote]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Wong Souk Yee

  

v

  

Attorney-General

[2018] SGHC 80

High Court — Originating Summons No 1034 of 2017  
Chua Lee Ming J  
22 January 2018

9 April 2018 Judgment reserved.

Chua Lee Ming J:

Introduction

1 Pursuant to the 2015 General Elections, Mr Lawrence Wong, Mr Alex Yam, Mr
Ong Teng Koon and Madam Halimah Yacob (as she then was) were elected as
Members of Parliament (“MPs” or “Members”) of the Marsiling-Yew Tee group
representation constituency (“the MYT GRC”).

2 On 7 August 2017, Madam Halimah Yacob (“Madam Halimah”) resigned her seat in
Parliament to stand as a candidate in the 2017 Presidential Election. On 14
September 2017, Madam Halimah was sworn in as the 8th President of Singapore.
The MYT GRC has been represented by the remaining three MPs since Madam
Halimah vacated her seat.

3 In this Originating Summons, Madam Wong Souk Yee (“the Applicant”) seeks
mandatory orders that

(a) the remaining MPs in the MYT GRC vacate their seats in Parliament; and

(b) the Prime Minister advises the President to issue a writ of election for
the MYT GRC.

4 Alternatively, the Applicant seeks declaratory orders to the effect that

(a) for s 24(2A) of the Parliamentary Elections Act (Cap 218, 2011 Rev Ed)
(“PEA”) to be consistent with Article 49(1) of the Constitution of the
Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“Constitution”) so as to
allow the vacancies in the MYT GRC to be filled, s 24(2A) of the PEA must be
interpreted as requiring all the MPs of a GRC to vacate their seats

(i) when one or more MPs of the GRC vacate their seats; or

(ii) in the alternative, when the only MP in the GRC who belongs to a minority
community vacates his or her seat; and

(b) in the alternative that s 24(2A) of the PEA is void by virtue of Article 4
of the Constitution as it is inconsistent with Article 49(1).

5 Article 49(1) of the Constitution reads as follows:

49.—(1) Whenever the seat of a Member, not being a non-constituency Member,
has become vacant for any reason other than a dissolution of Parliament, the
vacancy shall be filled by election in the manner provided by or under any law
relating to Parliamentary elections for the time being in force.

6 Section 24(2A) of the PEA reads as follows:

24.—(2A) In respect of any group representation constituency, no writ shall be
issued … for an election to fill any vacancy unless all the Members for that
constituency have vacated their seats in Parliament.

7 In my judgment, this application fails for the reasons set out below.

The GRC scheme

8 In 1988, the Constitution was amended to introduce the GRC scheme to ensure
the representation in Parliament of Members from the Malay, Indian and other
minority communities. The GRC scheme was implemented principally through the
insertion of Article 39A to the Constitution and simultaneous amendments to
the PEA. Under the scheme, the President may declare any constituency as a GRC
and designate that constituency as one in which any election is to be held on
the basis of a group of between three to six candidates. In addition, the
President is to designate every GRC as either (a) a constituency where at
least one of the candidates in every group must be a person belonging to the
Malay community or (b) a constituency where at least one of the candidates in
every group must be a person belonging to the Indian or other minority
communities.

9 When Article 49(1) of the Constitution was enacted, there was no GRC scheme.
When the seat in a single Member constituency (“SMC”) is vacated mid-term, ie,
during a government’s term of office, a by-election has to be held to fill the
vacancy: Article 49(1) of the Constitution. The application of Article 49(1)
in the case of an SMC is relatively straightforward; see, also, Vellama d/o
Marie Muthu v Attorney-General [2013] 4 SLR 1 (“Vellama”). The question in the
present case is whether a by-election must similarly be held when one of the
seats in a GRC is vacated mid-term.

Leave required under O 53 r 1 of the Rules of Court

10 As a preliminary matter, under O 53 r 1 (1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 332,
2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules”), leave of the High Court is required for an application
for a mandatory order. Leave will not be granted unless (a) the matter
complained of is susceptible to judicial review; (b) the applicant has
sufficient interest or standing in the matter; and (c) the applicant shows an
arguable case or prima facie case: Singapore Civil Procedure 2017 Vol 2 (Foo
Chee Hock gen ed) at para 53/1/6.

11 I agree with the Applicant that the first requirement is clearly satisfied
in this case. With respect to the second requirement, the Respondent accepts
that the Applicant has sufficient interest as she is a voter in the MYT GRC
and also a resident of Madam Halimah’s former ward. As for the third
requirement of an arguable or prima facie case, I agreed with both parties to
deal with this together with their submissions on the principal application
since the submissions are the same. For reasons set out below, in my view,
leave should not be given in this case.

The Applicant’s case for the mandatory orders

12 The Applicant seeks mandatory orders that the remaining MPs in the MYT GRC
vacate their seats and that the Prime Minister advises the President to issue
a writ of election. In her written submissions, the Applicant relied on three
grounds:

(a) Article 49(1) of the Constitution requires the calling of a by-election in
a GRC when the seat of an Elected MP has become vacant for any reason other
than the dissolution of Parliament;

(b) Article 39A(2) of the Constitution requires that a GRC be represented by
an MP belonging to a minority community, until the dissolution of Parliament;
and

(c) a by-election should be called because voters have a right to be
represented by an Elected MP of their choice until the dissolution of
Parliament under the Singapore Constitution.

The first ground: Article 49(1)

13 This first ground raises the question as to how Article 49(1) of the
Constitution should be interpreted.

14 The Applicant’s case may be summarised as follows:

(a) The plain reading of Article 49(1) of the Constitution mandates a by-
election to be called when one seat in a GRC falls vacant for any reason other
than a dissolution of Parliament.

(b) To enable the by-election for the MYT GRC to be held, the remaining MPs in
the GRC must vacate their seats.

15 At the outset, it is important to note that it is implicit in the
Applicant’s case that a by-election in a GRC would be for the whole group as
designated by the President in respect of that GRC (“the GRC Team”). In the
case of the MYT GRC, this would comprise four candidates, at least one of whom
must be from the Malay community. On this point, the Applicant is on common
ground with the Respondent. This position must be correct. Under the law, it
cannot be a by-election to fill just the one seat that has been vacated.

16 First, as the Respondent submits, Article 49(1) provides that the “vacancy
shall be filled by election in the manner provided by or under any law
relating to Parliamentary elections for the time being in force”. All
elections (including by-elections) in any GRC shall be held on a basis of such
number of candidates as designated for that constituency by the President: ss
27A(1) and (2) of the PEA. There is no law providing for the election of a
single seat in a GRC.

17 Second, the members of a GRC Team are required to be either members of the
same political party or independent candidates standing as a group: Article
39A(2)(c) of the Constitution read with s 27A(3) of the PEA. The remaining MPs
in the MYT GRC belong to the same political party. A by-election for just the
single vacated seat in the present case would not be possible under the law
unless it is limited to candidates belonging to the same political party as
the remaining MPs in the MYT GRC. Obviously, such a limitation cannot be
justified.

18 The Respondent submits that Article 49(1) of the Constitution should be
interpreted to require a by-election for a GRC only when all the Members of
the GRC have vacated their seats. The Respondent’s alternative submission is
that Article 49(1) does not apply to GRCs at all.

Principles of statutory interpretation

19 The principles are not in dispute. Both the Applicant and the Respondent
have referred me to the Court of Appeal’s decision in Tan Cheng Bock v
Attorney General [2017] 2 SLR 850 (“Tan Cheng Bock”). It is common ground that

(a) the purposive approach applies to the Constitution which should be
interpreted in a way that gives effect to the intent and will of Parliament;
and

(b) the purposive interpretation of a legislative provision involves three
steps:

(i) first, the court should ascertain possible interpretations of the
provision, having regard to the text of the provision as well as the context
of the provision within the written law as a whole. This is done by
determining the ordinary meaning of the words, and could be aided by rules and
canons of statutory construction;

(ii) second, the court should ascertain the legislative purpose of the
statute. Legislative purpose should ordinarily be gleaned from the text
itself. Extraneous material may be considered in the situations set out under
s 9A(2) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IA”); and

(iii) third, the court should compare the possible interpretations of the text
against the purpose of the statute. An interpretation which furthered the
purpose of the written text was to be preferred to one which did not.

Possible interpretations of Article 49(1)

20 As stated at [19] above, the first step is to ascertain the possible
interpretations of Article 49(1). It would be useful to set out Article 49(1)
again:

49. — (1) Whenever the seat of a Member, not being a non-constituency Member, has become vacant for any reason other than a dissolution of Parliament, the vacancy shall be filled by election in the manner provided by or under any law relating to Parliamentary elections for the time being in force.

21 The parties have submitted three different interpretations of Article 49(1)
with respect to its application to GRCs:

(a) Article 49(1) requires the calling of a by-election for the whole GRC Team
whenever a seat in the GRC becomes vacant mid-term (“the Applicant’s
Interpretation”).

(b) Article 49(1) requires the calling of a by-election for the whole GRC Team
only when all the seats in the GRC become vacant mid-term (“the Respondent’s
Interpretation”).

(c) Article 49(1) applies only to SMCs and does not apply to GRCs (“the
Respondent’s Alternative Interpretation”).

The Applicant’s Interpretation

22 The Applicant’s Interpretation faces an immediate hurdle. A by-election for
the whole GRC Team cannot be held unless the remaining MPs in the MYT GRC
vacate their seats. The Applicant herself acknowledges that the remaining MPs
must first vacate their seats; one of the orders that she seeks is a mandatory
order to that effect. It is clear then that whether the Applicant’s
Interpretation is a possible one depends on whether the remaining MPs can be
compelled to vacate their seats.

23 Article 46(2) of the Constitution provides the grounds upon which the seat
of a Member is vacated. Article 46(2) states as follows:

46. — (2) The seat of a Member of Parliament shall become vacant —

(a) if he ceases to be a citizen of Singapore;

(b) if he ceases to be a member of, or is expelled or resigns from, the
political party for which he stood in the election;

(c) if, by writing under his hand addressed to the Speaker, he resigns his
seat in Parliament;

(d) if during 2 consecutive months in each of which sittings of Parliament (or
any committee of Parliament to which he has been appointed) are held, he is
absent from all such sittings without having obtained from the Speaker before
the termination of any such sitting permission to be or to remain absent
therefrom;

(e) if he becomes subject to any of the disqualifications specified in Article
45;

(f) if he is expelled from Parliament in the exercise of its power of
expulsion; or

(g) if being a nominated Member, his term of service as such a Member expires.

Article 45 of the Constitution (referred to in (e) above) provides for various
disqualifications (including eg, unsoundness of mind and bankruptcy). It is
indisputable that the fact that a seat in a GRC has been vacated does not
result in the remaining MPs being disqualified under Article 45.

24 None of the grounds in Article 46(2) applies in the present case. There is
therefore nothing in Article 46(2) that requires the remaining MPs in the MYT
GRC to vacate their seats.

25 The Applicant submits that the remaining MPs in the MYT GRC must vacate
their seats by resigning. However, the Applicant is unable to point to any
provision upon which the remaining MPs can be compelled to resign. The
Applicant’s argument is simply that because Article 49(1) has triggered a by-
election in the present case, the remaining MPs must vacate their seats by
resigning because otherwise a by-election cannot be held. In my view, this is
a circuitous argument and is tantamount to saying that (a) the Applicant’s
Interpretation depends on it being possible to compel the remaining MPs to
resign, and (b) therefore, the remaining MPs must vacate their seats so that
the Applicant’s Interpretation can succeed. Clearly, such an argument lacks
logic and must fail.

26 Since there is no basis in law to compel the remaining MPs to resign, the
Applicant’s Interpretation is simply unworkable. It is a rule of statutory
construction that Parliament is presumed not to have intended an unworkable or
impracticable result, so an interpretation that leads to such a result would
not be regarded as a possible one: Tan Cheng Bock at [38]. In my judgment, it
is unarguable that the Applicant’s Interpretation is not a possible
interpretation of Article 49(1) for this reason.

The Respondent’s Interpretation

27 The Respondent submits that the Respondent’s Interpretation is justified by
applying either an updating construction or a rectifying construction of
Article 49(1). The Respondent further submits that although the Respondent’s
Interpretation may be strained, it is justified because it gives effect to
Parliament’s express intent.

(1) Updating construction

28 An updating construction is based on the presumption that the Legislature
intends the court to apply to an ongoing statute a construction that
continuously updates its wording to allow for changes since the statute was
framed: Comptroller of Income Tax v MT [2006] 3 SLR(R) 688 (“CIT”) at [44],
citing FAR Bennion, Statutory Interpretation: A Code (Butterworths, 4th Ed,
2002) at p 762.

29 In CIT, the court was faced with two statutes which had a link to each
other, but only one was later amended. The question before the court was
whether an updating construction should be applied to the statute (which had
not been amended) by importing the effect of the amendment that was made to
the other statute. The court in CIT applied a three-stage analytical framework
(at [46]-[47]) in determining whether an updating construction should be
applied:

(a) At the first stage, the court ascertains the nature of the amendment
effected in the first statute.

(b) The inquiry at the second stage is directed at whether the amendment to
the first statute gives rise to any ambiguity or uncertainty in the
interpretation and application of the second statute as it stands, by reason
of which, or for some other reason, there is potentially a need to apply an
updating construction to the second statute. If the answer is in the negative,
the inquiry should end there. If, however, the answer is in the affirmative,
the court moves to the third stage.

(c) At the third, stage, it then becomes necessary to consider whether in the
circumstances an updating construction ought to be applied and, if so, how. It
will be relevant to have regard to the objects of the second statue, how it
has hitherto been applied, how the draftsman has chosen to frame the linkage
between the two statutes, and whether an updating construction would entail
such a substantive change to its operation that it would be best left to the
Legislature or whether the change is such as may appropriately be imported
into the second statute by way of an updating construction.

The court explained (at [48]) that in applying an updating construction, the
court is not assuming the legislative function but is filling a gap where what
is missing is self-evidently within the overall spirit of the legislation and
is needed to give effect to the legislative intent.

30 The presumption that an updating construction will be applied is not
confined to cases involving two statutes as was the case in CIT. As the court
in CIT observed (at [45]), “[t]he problem of course can arise in a number of
ways.… A change in a related law is but one facet of this.” The Respondent
submits that in the present case, the link is between two provisions within
the same piece of legislation, ie, Article 39A and Article 49(1) of the
Constitution. Article 39A amended the Constitution by introducing the GRC
scheme. This amendment gave rise to the question of how Article 49(1) should
be interpreted in the context of GRCs.

31 The Applicant submits that the updating construction principle must not be
adopted to update constitutional provisions and that doing so is an
unprecedented approach bereft of legal basis. I disagree with the Applicant. I
see no reason in principle why this tool of statutory interpretation should
not apply simply because the written law in question is the Constitution.
After all, as confirmed in Tan Cheng Bock (at [35]), the Constitution should
be interpreted purposively to give effect to the intent and will of
Parliament, and as explained in CIT (at [48]), applying an updating
construction gives effect to the legislative intent. Further, the Applicant’s
concern that applying an updating construction to the Constitution would be
tantamount to introducing a constitutional amendment through the guise of
constitutional interpretation, is addressed by the need to consider whether an
updating construction would entail such a substantive change that it would be
best left to the Legislature (see [29(c)] above).

32 The Applicant next refers to FAR Bennion, Bennion on Statutory
Interpretation (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2008) (“Bennion 5th Ed”) which states (at
p 894) that “[a]n updating construction will not be given to an ongoing Act
where to do this would go against a presumption that the result in question is
intended only where express provision for it is made”. The Applicant relies on
this statement to submit that there is a presumption that changes in the law
should be expressed through express statutory reform. In my view, the
Applicant has misunderstood the statement in Bennion 5th Ed. An example given
in the text refers to a case in which the UK House of Lords held that s 51(1)
of the Supreme Court Act 1981 (c 54) did not empower the court to order costs
to be paid out of central funds where this power was not expressly provided,
since to do so would infringe the constitutional principle that no money can
be taken out of the Consolidated Fund except under a distinct authorisation
from Parliament itself. In other words, an updating construction could not be
applied in that case because the result would go against the principle that no
money can be taken out of the Consolidated Fund except under a distinct
authorisation from Parliament. In the present case, the Applicant has not
identified what presumption or principle would be offended by the Respondent’s
Interpretation.

33 I agree with the Respondent that an updating construction can be given to a
provision in the Constitution. Applying the three-stage analytical framework
propounded in CIT to the present case, the first stage is to ascertain the
nature of the amendment. In the present case, the Constitution was amended by
the insertion of Article 39A. Article 39A introduced the GRC scheme by
providing that the Legislature may by law make provision for, among other
things,

(a) the President to declare any constituency as a GRC to enable any election
in that constituency to be held on the basis of a group of between three to
six candidates,

(b) the President to designate every GRC as either a constituency where at
least one of the candidates in every group must be a person belonging to the
Malay community or a constituency where at least one of the candidates in
every group must be a person belonging to the Indian or other minority
communities, and

(c) all the candidates in every group to be either members of the same
political party or independent candidates standing as a group.

34 Pursuant to Article 39A of the Constitution, amendments were introduced to
the PEA giving effect to, among other things, the matters set out at [33]
above (see s 8A and s 27A of the PEA).

35 Moving to the second stage of the analysis, there is no doubt that Article
39A gives rise to ambiguity in the interpretation of Article 49(1). Does
Article 49(1) apply only to SMCs or can it also apply to GRCs and if so, when?
Since there is ambiguity, the third stage of the analysis is now invoked.

36 With respect to the third stage of the analysis, the Respondent submits
that an updating construction ought to be applied to Article 49(1) and that
Article 49(1) should be given the Respondent’s Interpretation because that
gives effect to the intent and will of the Legislature. The Legislature’s
intent in this respect is clear: a by-election in a GRC will be required only
if all the MPs for that GRC have vacated their seats. This intent was clearly
expressed in Parliament during the debate on the amendments to the
Constitution and the PEA (both were debated as one package): Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (11 Jan 1988), vol 50, cols 191-192,
(12 Jan 1988), vol 50, cols 334–335. This intent is also clearly expressed in
s 24(2A) of the PEA which states as follows:

24. —(2A) In respect of any group representation constituency, no writ shall be issued … for an election to fill any vacancy unless all the Members for that constituency have vacated their seats in Parliament. 

37 The Applicant argues that the Parliamentary debates on Article 39A did not
specifically address the interpretation of Article 49(1). In my view, that
argument does not advance the Applicant’s case. The Parliamentary intention in
question in the present case relates to whether it is intended that a by-
election in a GRC should be held when one or more, but not all, of the seats
in the GRC have been vacated. The Parliamentary debates are directly relevant
and on point.

38 I agree with the Respondent’s submissions. An updating construction should
be applied to Article 49(1) so that it reflects the changes introduced by
Article 39A. As explained at [15]–[17] above, a by-election in the case of a
GRC has to be for the whole GRC Team which necessarily means that all the
seats must first be vacated. Both the Applicant and the Respondent are in fact
in agreement on this. In my view, an updating construction should be applied
such that references to “the seat of a Member” in Article 49(1) are
interpreted to mean “the seats of all the Members” in the case of a GRC.

(2) Rectifying construction

39 It is presumed that the Legislature intends the court to apply a
construction which rectifies any error in the drafting of a statute where it
is required in order to give effect to the Legislature’s intention: Oliver
Jones, Bennion on Statutory Interpretation: A Code (LexisNexis, 6th Ed, 2013)
at p 788.

40 Three cumulative conditions have to be satisfied before the court will read
words into a statute to rectify what it perceives to be an error in
legislative drafting:

(a) first, it is possible to determine from a consideration of the provisions
of the Act read as a whole what the mischief is that Parliament sought to
remedy with the Act;

(b) second, it is apparent that the draftsman and Parliament had by
inadvertence overlooked, and so omitted to deal with, the eventuality that is
required to be dealt with so that the purpose of the Act can be achieved; and

(c) third, it is possible to state with certainty what the additional words
would be that the draftsman would have inserted and that Parliament would have
approved had their attention been drawn to the omission.

See Nam Hong Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd v Kori Construction (S) Pte
Ltd [2016] 4 SLR 694 (“Nam Hong”) at [55], which followed Kok Chong Weng and
others v Wiener Robert Lorenz and others (Ankerite Pte Ltd, intervener) [2009]
2 SLR(R) 709 (“Kok Chong Weng”).

41 In my view, the three conditions set out in Kok Chong Weng are easily
satisfied in the present case. First, as discussed earlier, it is clearly
Parliament’s intent that no by-election is required in the case of a GRC
unless all the seats have been vacated. Second, it is apparent that Parliament
gave effect to this intention in s 24(2A) of the PEA but inadvertently omitted
to deal with Article 49(1) of the Constitution. Third, it is clear that if
Parliament’s attention had been drawn to the omission, it would have approved
of the addition in Article 49(1) of language similar to that in s 24(2A) of
the PEA. Article 49(1) can therefore also be given a rectifying construction
by adding language similar to that in s 24(2A) of the PEA.

(3) Strained construction can be justified

42 The Respondent recognises that the Respondent’s Interpretation may give the
literal wording in Article 49(1) a strained construction. However, the
Respondent submits that a strained construction may be justified (and in some
cases positively required) for any one, or any combination, of the following
reasons:

(a) a repugnance between the words of the enactment and those of some other
enactment;

(b) consequences of a literal construction so undesirable that Parliament
cannot have intended them;

(c) an error in the text which plainly falsifies Parliament’s intention; or

(d) the passage of time since the enactment was originally drafted.

See Kok Chong Weng at [49]–[50], citing with approval Bennion 5th Ed at p 458.

43 The Respondent submits that all four reasons above overlap and apply in the
present case. I do not think that repugnance between the terms of Article
49(1) of the Constitution and s 24(2A) of the PEA should be a reason
justifying a strained construction of Article 49(1) in the present case. After
all, under Article 4 of the Constitution, the Constitution is the supreme law
and the PEA would be void to the extent of any inconsistency with the
Constitution. However, I agree with the Respondent that the other three
reasons overlap and apply in the present case.

(4) Respondent’s Interpretation is a possible interpretation

44 For the above reasons, in my view, the Respondent’s Interpretation is a
possible interpretation of Article 49(1) of the Constitution.

The Respondent’s Alternative Interpretation

45 The Respondent’s Alternative Interpretation is based on a literal reading
of Article 49(1) and is a possible interpretation.

The legislative purpose

46 Having ascertained the possible interpretations of Article 49(1), the next
step is to ascertain the legislative purpose. In drawing out the legislative
purpose behind a provision, primacy should be accorded to the text of the
provision and its statutory context over any extraneous material. However,
when the provision on its face is ambiguous, the court may consider extraneous
material. See Tan Cheng Bock at [43] and [47].

47 As already discussed, the legislative purpose is clear. All elections
(including by-elections) in any GRC shall be held on a basis of such number of
candidates as designated for that constituency by the President, and no by-
election needs to be held to fill any vacancy in a GRC unless all the Members
in that GRC have vacated their seats.

48 In my view, the legislative purpose can be drawn from the statutory
context. Under 39A of the Constitution, elections in a GRC are to be held on
the basis of a group of candidates as designated by the President. It follows
that all the seats in the GRC must be vacated before an election can be held.
In any event, since Article 49(1) is ambiguous as to its application to GRCs,
it is permissible to consider extraneous material. In this case, as discussed
earlier, the same conclusion would be reached on considering the extraneous
material.

Comparing the possible interpretations against the legislative purpose

49 It is clear that of the two possible interpretations of Article 49(1)
proffered by the Respondent, the Respondent’s Interpretation is to be
preferred because it furthers the legislative purpose.

50 I would add that even if the Applicant’s Interpretation were a possible
interpretation of Article 49(1), it would not be one which furthers the
legislative purpose and the Respondent’s Interpretation would still be
preferred.

51 In my view, the Respondent’s Interpretation is therefore the correct
interpretation of Article 49(1).

The second ground: Article 39A(2)

52 In her written submissions, the Applicant also argues that a by-election
has to be held because Article 39A(2) of the Constitution requires that a GRC
be represented by an MP belonging to a minority community, until the
dissolution of Parliament. It will be recalled that in the present case, the
seat that was vacated in the MYT GRC belonged to an MP belonging to the Malay
community. However, during oral submissions, the Applicant clarified that her
case is that a by-election must be held if any seat in a GRC (whether held by
an MP belonging to a minority community or not) is vacated. The Applicant
accepted that accordingly, her submissions on this second ground would no
longer apply.

53 In any event, in my view, the Applicant’s reliance on this second ground
fails for the same reasons that her reliance on the first ground fails.
Whether the vacated seat was held by an MP belonging to a minority community
or not, a by-election for the whole GRC Team cannot be held unless the
remaining MPs can be compelled to vacate their seats. As discussed, there is
no basis in law to compel the remaining MPs to vacate their seats.

The third ground: The right to be represented in Parliament

54 The Applicant submits that a by-election must be held in the present case
because voters have an implied right under the Constitution to be represented
by an Elected MP of their choice until the dissolution of Parliament. The
Applicant relies on the following observation by the Court of Appeal in
Vellama (at [79]):

[I]t is vital to remind ourselves that the form of government of the Republic
of Singapore as reflected in the Constitution is the Westminster model of
government, with the party commanding the majority support in Parliament
having the mandate to form the government. The authority of the government
emanates from the people. Each Member represents the people of the
constituency who voted him into Parliament. The voters of a constituency are
entitled to have a Member representing and speaking for them in Parliament.
The Member is not just the mouthpiece but the voice of the people of the
constituency.

55 The Applicant also relies on Yong Vui Kong v Public Prosecutor [2015] 2 SLR
1129 (“Yong Vui Kong”). In that case, the Court of Appeal noted (at [69]) that
the basic structure doctrine postulates that there are certain fundamental
features of a constitution that cannot be amended by Parliament. However, the
Court of Appeal expressed no view on whether the basic structure doctrine is
part of the law in Singapore since it was not considering the validity of a
constitutional amendment (at [72]).

56 Nevertheless, the Applicant relies on the Court of Appeal’s observations in
Yong Vui Kong (at [69]) that the right to vote cannot be found in the
Constitution and that the Government had acknowledged in 2001 that it is part
of the basic structure of the Constitution. The Court of Appeal also referred
(at [70]) to the passage from Vellama set out at [54] above which expressed
the philosophical underpinnings of the right to vote in the Westminster model
of government set up by the Constitution.

57 In the present case, the Applicant is not challenging the validity of a
constitutional amendment. Accordingly, as was the case in Yong Vui Kong, it is
unnecessary for me to decide whether the basic structure doctrine is part of
the law in Singapore. In any event, I agree with the Respondent that the
voters in the MYT GRC have not lost their right to be represented in
Parliament. Under the GRC scheme, voters in the GRC vote not for individual
MPs but for the GRC Team. It is the GRC Team that represents the GRC in
Parliament. In the present case, the MYT GRC has continued to be represented
in Parliament by the MYT GRC Team (albeit comprising one MP less).

The Applicant’s alternative case

58 The Applicant’s alternative case (see [4] above) is that to be consistent
with Article 49(1) of the Constitution, s 24(2A) of the PEA must be
interpreted as requiring all the MPs in a GRC to vacate their seats when (a)
one of more seats is vacated or (b) in the alternative when the only MP from a
minority community in the GRC vacates his or her seat.

59 The alleged inconsistency with Article 49(1) arises only if the Applicant’s
Interpretation is correct. Since I have rejected the Applicant’s
Interpretation, there is no inconsistency between s 24(2A) of the PEA and
Article 49(1) of the Constitution. The Applicant’s alternative case therefore
falls away.

60 In any event, it is difficult to see how the declaratory order sought in
respect of s 24(2A) of the PEA can succeed. Section 24(2A) of the PEA
expresses Parliament’s intention that there will be no by-election to fill any
vacancy in a GRC unless all the MPs in the GRC have vacated their seats.
During oral submissions, the Applicant argued that it is implied in s 24(2A)
that the remaining MPs must resign if any seat in the GRC has been vacated. In
my view, it is patently clear that the plain language of s 24(2A) permits of
no such interpretation.

Conclusion

61 The Applicant’s case cannot succeed for the above reasons. In particular,
the Applicant’s Interpretation depends on the existence of a legal basis to
compel the remaining MPs of the MYT GRC to vacate their seats. There is
clearly no such legal basis in the present case and therefore the Applicant’s
Interpretation cannot be correct.

62 In my view, the Applicant has not shown an arguable or prima facie case and
accordingly, leave is not granted for the application for the mandatory
orders. In any event, even if leave were granted, the application still fails
for the reasons set out above.

63 The Respondent’s Interpretation is the correct interpretation of Article
49(1).

64 I therefore dismiss the application.

65 As for costs, the Applicant referred me to the High Court decision in
Vellama d/o Marie Muthu v Attorney-General [2013] 1 SLR 797 in which the High
Court made no order as to costs on the ground that the application raised
public law issues of general importance and the applicant was not seeking to
protect some private interest. The Respondent accepted that public interest is
a relevant factor to consider. However, the Respondent submitted that in the
present case, the primary focus of the application was on the mandatory order
to compel the remaining MPs in the MYT GRC to vacate their seats and there was
no basis at all for this. The Respondent therefore submitted that costs should
follow the event. I agreed with the Respondent. As the Applicant did not
disagree with the Respondent’s quantification of costs, I ordered costs to be
paid by the Applicant to the Respondent fixed at $10,764.35 inclusive of
disbursements.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge

Peter Low, Priscilla Chia, Elaine Low, and  
Ng Bing Hong (Messrs Peter Low & Choo LLC)  
Hri Kumar Nair SC, Hui Choon Kuen, and  
Sivakumar Ramasamy (Attorney-General’s Chambers)  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

