Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 88

Companies Winding Up No 163 of 2017

Between

| Kathryn Ma Wai Fong  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Trillion Investment Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Companies Winding Up No 164 of 2017

Between

| Kathryn Ma Wai Fong  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Double Ace Trading Company Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Companies Winding Up No 165 of 2017

Between

| Kathryn Ma Wai Fong  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Faxlink Trading Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Companies] — [Winding up]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ma Wai Fong Kathryn

  

v

  

Trillion Investment Pte Ltd and other matters

[2018] SGHC 88

High Court — Companies Winding Up No 163, 164 and 165 of 2017  
Valerie Thean J  
22 February 2018

18 April 2018

Valerie Thean J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Ms Kathryn Ma Wai Fong, is a shareholder of the three
defendant companies (“the Companies”). She acquired the shares in these
Companies in 2014 after the passing of her husband, in her capacity as the
executrix of his estate. Arising from her unhappiness with the other
shareholders, she applied to wind up each of the Companies pursuant to s
254(1)(i) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”). These
applications were resisted by the contributories of the Companies.

2 On 22 February 2018, after considering the affidavits and parties’
arguments, I was of the view that it would not be just and equitable to wind
up the Companies. I therefore dismissed all three applications. Ms Ma has now
appealed and I furnish the grounds of my decision.

Facts

The business group

3 The late Datuk Wong Tuong Kwong (“Datuk Wong”) was a highly-successful
businessman. He incorporated WTK Realty Sdn Bhd (“WTK Realty”) in Malaysia in
August 1981. This became the flagship company of a business group (the “WTK
Group”) which comprises companies in Singapore, Malaysia, Liberia, the British
Virgin Islands and Papua New Guinea. The Companies are part of this group. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Ms Ma’s first affidavit in CWU 163 of 2017 dated 12 July 2017 at paras 13-–14.

4 Datuk Wong had three sons (collectively, the “Wong brothers”): Wong Kie Yik
(“WKY”), who co-founded WTK Realty with Datuk Wong; 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

WKY’s first affidavit in CWU 163 of 2017 dated 30 August at para 25.

Wong Kie Nai (“WKN”), Ms Ma’s late husband; and Wong Kie Chie (“WKC”), who has
lived in Sydney since 1984. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

WKY’s first affidavit in CWU 163 of 2017 dated 30 August at para 12; 17.

5 Datuk Wong suffered a stroke in the 1990s and passed away in 2004 at the age
of 85. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Ms Ma’s first affidavit in CWU 163 of 2017 dated 12 July 2017 at para 17; 21.

After Datuk Wong’s health deteriorated, WKN, who was based in Sibu, became the
Managing Director of WTK Realty and managed the Companies. Around March 2011,
he discovered he was ill with cancer and left Sibu to receive treatment in
Sydney. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

WKY’s first affidavit in CWU 163 of 2017 dated 30 August 2017 at para 26(a).

6 WKN passed away in Sydney around 11 March 2013. Ms Ma became the executrix
of his estate pursuant to his will, and obtained grants of probate in several
jurisdictions. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Ms Ma’s first affidavit in CWU 163 of 2017 dated 12 July 2017 at para 23.

She became a shareholder of each of the Companies in her capacity as executrix
of WKN’s estate. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Ms Ma’s first affidavit in CWU 163 of 2017 dated 12 July 2017 at para 4.

Under WKN’s will dated 9 November 2012, the shares of the Companies that WKN
held were bequeathed to CIMB Commerce Trustee Berhad to be held on trust for
the benefit of Ms Ma, their children Neil and Mimi Wong, and the beneficiaries
of various trusts. Ms Ma and Neil and Mimi Wong have resided in Sydney since
2003. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

WKY’s first affidavit in CWU 163 of 2017 dated 30 August 2017 at para 12; not
disputed in Plaintiff’s second affidavit in CWU 163 of 2017 dated 6 September
2017 at para 12.

7 After WKN’s death, Ms Ma and the rest of the extended Wong family have
engaged in litigation across multiple jurisdictions. According to WKY, a total
of 69 legal proceedings have been filed by parties in Malaysia, the British
Virgin Islands and Singapore as at 30 August 2017. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

WKY’s first affidavit in CWU 163 of 2017 dated 30 August 2017 at para 13(e).

The Companies

8 The three Companies which are the subject matter of the three applications
are Singapore companies.

9 Trillion Investment Pte Ltd (“Trillion”) was incorporated in Singapore in
1979. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Ms Ma’s first affidavit in CWU 163 of 2017 dated 12 July 2017 at para 8.

The original subscribers of Trillion were not members or relatives of the Wong
family. The company was acquired by WKY and his wife in 1982 as an investment
holding company for the purpose of property investment. It was not purchased
to carry on any business. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Contributories’ written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 8(4); Mr
Tan’s affidavit dated 12 October 2017 at para 13.

Presently, Trillion has an issued share capital of $150,000, divided into
150,000 shares of $1 each. Ms Ma, WKY and WKC each hold 50,000 shares. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Ms Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 22; Contributories’
written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 8(10).

The current directors are WKY and Mr Ong Kim Siong (“Mr Ong”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Ms Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 22(d);
Contributories’ written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 8(11).

10 Double Ace Trading Company Pte Ltd (“Double Ace”) was incorporated in 1972
14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Ms Ma’s affidavit filed for CWU 164 of 2017, dated 12 July 2017 at para 8.;
Contributories’ written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 8(10).

by Datuk Wong and his brother-in-law for the purpose of trading in spare parts
used by the WTK Group and subsequently dealing with the trade and sale of
timber by the WTK Group to customers. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Contributories’ written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 8(3).

It has an issued share capital of $50,000, divided into 50,000 ordinary shares
of $1 each. Ms Ma holds 19,500 shares, WKY holds 19,998 shares, WKY’s son
holds two shares, WTK’s nephew holds 10,000 shares and the estate of Datuk
Wong’s brother-in-law holds 500 shares. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Ms Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 23(c);
Contributories’ written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 8(10).

The directors are WKY and Mr Ong. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Ms Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 23(d);
Contributories’ written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 8(11).

11 Faxlink Trading Pte Ltd (“Faxlink”), was incorporated in 1989. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Ms Ma’s affidavit filed in CWU 165 of 2017, dated 12 July 2017 at para 8.;
Contributories’ written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 8(5).

Shortly thereafter, it was acquired by WKN and WKY. They had no specific
business in mind for Faxlink and purchased it as a shell company which could
be used to carry on business if and when the need arose. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Contributories’ written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 8(5).

It has an issued share capital of $2, divided into two ordinary shares of $1
each. Ms Ma and WKY each hold one share. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Ms Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 24(c);
Contributories’ written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 8(10).

The directors are WKY and one Tan Hang Song. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Ms Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 24(d);
Contributories’ written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 8(11).

Legal context and issues arising

12 Ms Ma’s applications were brought under s 254(1)(i) of the Companies Act,
which provides:

Circumstances in which company may be wound up by Court

254.—(1) The Court may order the winding up if —

…

(i) the Court is of opinion that it is just and equitable that the company be
wound up;

13 It was common ground between parties that unfairness forms the foundation
of the Court’s exercise of its jurisdiction; a company may not be wound up
“just because a minority shareholder feels aggrieved or wishes to exit at
will”: see Sim Yong Kim v Evenstar Investments Pte Ltd [2006] 3 SLR(R) 827
(“Evenstar”) at [31].

14 In each case, Ms Ma brought an Originating Summons to wind up the Companies
and did not seek to cross-examine any witnesses. She was of the view that the
documents were sufficient to establish her case, which may be analysed in
three broad strands. The first, and main, set of contentions may be termed the
“family company arguments”: that there was a relationship of trust and
confidence between the Wong brothers which extended to WKN’s family as well as
WKY’s and WKC’s families. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Ms Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 47.

Ms Ma contended that the breakdown in the relationship between these two
factions would make it unfair to “trap” her in the Companies. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Ms Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 59.

Related to this was “an expectation and/or common understanding on the part of
the [Wong brothers] and their immediate families (i.e. each Brother’s spouse
and issue) that each of the Brother’s immediate families would be entitled to
participate in the conduct of the … Companies’ business”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Ms Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 138.

Her exclusion from participating in the management of these Companies, despite
her request, was thus argued to be unfair.

15 The second strand was that of mismanagement. She contended that the
directors and/or employees of the Companies were “obscuring their financial
misappropriations”. Highlighting various transactions which she said were
highly suspicious, she contended that a liquidator should also be appointed to
investigate the Companies’ affairs. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Ms Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at paras 77–116.

16 The final plank of her case was the loss of substratum of the Companies,
because the Companies had “abandoned the business that the corporators have
agreed among themselves that [the Companies] should do, whatever the objects
clauses may provide”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Ms Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 141.

17 The contributories denied these claims. They contended that the Companies
were run on the basis of mutual trust and confidence between the Wong brothers
only. Ms Ma was not relevant in this context because she was not involved, at
any time, in the management of the Companies and therefore there had no basis
for any expectation to participate in management. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Contributories’ written submission dated 14 February 2018 at paras 52–59.

All allegations of mismanagement were denied. And the contributories contended
that there was no loss of substratum save for Faxlink. For Faxlink, the
contributories had no objections to winding it up if Ms Ma would agree to the
appointment of the Official Receiver (“OR”) as liquidator; 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Contributories’ written submission dated 14 February 2018 at paras 121–127;
182–184.

Ms Ma, however, objected and requested, in view of her contentions as to
mismanagement, that a private liquidator be appointed. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Ms Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 216.

18 In addition, the contributories pointed out that the Articles of
Association of both Double Ace and Faxlink contain exit mechanisms. Even where
unfairness has been established, Ting Shwu Ping (administrator of the estate
of Chng Koon Seng, deceased) v Scanone Pte Ltd and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR
95 (“Ting Shwu Ping”) mandated that the Court must consider whether the
presence of an option for Ms Ma to be bought out at fair value would negate
any such unfairness. For Trillion, although the articles did not contain an
exit mechanism, WKY offered to purchase Ms Ma’s shares at fair value; and the
contributories argued this made it unreasonable for Ms Ma to apply for a
winding up. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Contributories’ written submission dated 14 February 2018 at paras 128–138.

19 In the alternative, in the event that the conditions for winding up were
satisfied, the contributories asked that the Court, instead of ordering a
winding up, exercise its discretion to order that Ms Ma’s shares be bought out
under the new s 254(2A) of the Companies Act, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Contributories’ written submission dated 14 February 2018 at paras 139–154.

which provides:

On an application for winding up on the ground specified in subsection (1)(f)
or (i), instead of making an order for the winding up, the Court may if it is
of the opinion that it is just and equitable to do so, make an order for the
interests in shares of one or more members to be purchased by the company or
one or more other members on terms to the satisfaction of the Court.

20 Summing up the above, these were the issues in dispute:

(a) Was the requisite unfairness established, such that it was just and
equitable for the Court to intervene? This required consideration of the
family company arguments, the mismanagement contentions and the loss of
substratum argument.

(b) If unfairness was established, could any such unfairness be nullified by
the presence of exit mechanisms in the Articles of Association of Double Ace
and Faxlink or, in the case of Trillion, WKY’s offer to purchase Ms Ma’s
shares at fair value?

(c) Even if the test for winding up were satisfied, would it be more equitable
to order that the shares of Ms Ma be bought out under  
s 254(2A) of the Companies Act?

21 In my judgment, it was not just and equitable for the Court to intervene.
In brief, the family company arguments, the loss of substratum argument and
the mismanagement contentions were not made out on the balance of
probabilities. Even if unfairness was made out, which it was not, there were
exit mechanisms which Ms Ma ought to have invoked in respect of Double Ace and
Faxlink. For Trillion, while there was no exit mechanism, she ought to have
considered WKY’s offer to purchase her shares at fair value. Therefore, the
applications were dismissed. The last issue, which was whether an order under
s254(2A) of the Companies Act would be a more equitable remedy, fell away
after consideration of the first two issues, as the basis for the Court’s
intervention was not established. I explain my reasons in detail below.

Whether it was just and equitable for the Court to intervene

22 In elaborating on the standard of unfairness required in such cases, the
Court of Appeal in Evenstar cited at [29] with approval Lord Wilberforce’s
speech in Ebrahimi v Westbourne Galleries Ltd [1973] AC 360 (“Ebrahimi”) at
379–380, where his Lordship held that the superimposition of equitable
considerations typically requires one of more of the following elements:

(i) an association formed or continued on the basis of a personal
relationship, involving mutual confidence – this element will often be found
where a pre-existing partnership has been converted into a limited company;
(ii) an agreement, or understanding, that all, or some (for there may be
“sleeping” members), of the shareholders shall participate in the conduct of
the business; (iii) restriction upon the transfer of the members’ interest in
the company – so that if confidence is lost, or one member is removed from
management, he cannot take out his stake and go elsewhere.

Lord Wilberforce observed that parallels can be drawn with the law of
partnership, “which has developed the conceptions of probity, good faith and
mutual confidence”. Thus, references to “quasi-partnerships” can be found in
cases where the Court’s just and equitable jurisdiction was invoked.

23 The Court of Appeal in Chow Kwok Chuen v Chow Kwok Chi and another [2008] 4
SLR(R) 362 (“Chow Kwok Chuen”) held at [17] that the concept of “just and
equitable” is “a dynamic one” which should not be circumscribed in scope by
reference to case law, and identified at [18] the following situations which
could also constitute sufficient factual bases to establish just and equitable
causes:

(a) where the main object of the company cannot be achieved or has been
departed from;

(b) where the company’s business has been carried on in a fraudulent manner;

(c) where the company is really no more than an incorporated partnership and
members can no longer work in association with one another;

(d) where minority members have been oppressed or treated unfairly by
controlling members and have justifiably lost confidence in the management of
the company; and

(e) where the petitioner has been deliberately excluded from the management of
the company in contravention of an understanding that he will be allowed to
participate in managing the company.

24 Fundamental to the Court’s exercise of its broad discretion, nevertheless,
is caution, because the Court’s order would allow the applicant to be released
from his obligation to comply with the framework provided by a company’s
memorandum and articles: Chow Kwok Chuen at [19].

25 I turn to Ms Ma’s contentions on the family company arguments, the
mismanagement contentions, and the loss of substratum argument with this
context in mind.

The family company arguments

Was there a quasi-partnership?

26 It was common ground that a quasi-partnership – “an association formed or
continued on the basis of a personal relationship, involving mutual
confidence” – may be wound up on the just and equitable ground if the
relationship of trust and confidence between its shareholders has broken down:
see Ting Shwu Ping at [85]; [91].

27 Was there, however, a quasi-partnership? It was not disputed that one
existed between the three Wong brothers when WKN managed the Companies. WKN
ceased to do so from March 2011, nevertheless. Crucially, Ms Ma has not
participated in the management of these Companies from their inception.

28 The Court of Appeal’s guidance in Ting Shwu Ping is particularly pertinent.
In that case, Mdm Ting, in both her personal capacity and her capacity as
executor of her late husband’s (“Mr Chng”) estate, applied to wind up the
defendant companies, which had been started and run by Mr Chng and his
partner, one Mr Chan. After Mr Chng’s death, Mdm Ting and Mr Chan could not
agree over the management of the companies, and she applied for them to be
wound up on the just and equitable ground.

29 Several observations made by the Court of Appeal are instructive. First,
the death of a shareholder in a quasi-partnership does not automatically
justify winding up the company (at [87] and [90]). Second, “[r]ights under a
quasi-partnership are, generally, not transmissible and would not continue to
bind the remaining quasi-partners after a partner’s death”, unless this was
expressly provided for in the company’s constitution (at [96]). The holding of
the Hong Kong Court of First Instance in Cheung Shu Chuen v Lee Der Industrial
Co [2009] HKCU 478 at [24] that “a quasi-partnership was a personal
relationship that did not survive death [emphasis added]” was cited with
approval at [93] and [96]. Third, in response to Mdm Ting’s submission that
“the absence of trust and confidence between the shareholders … removes the
basis or substratum of the [c]ompanies such that there are just and equitable
grounds for winding up”, the Court held, at [100]:

Likewise, Mdm Ting cannot rely on the fact that the trust and confidence
between shareholders no longer exists. While trust and confidence formed the
basis of the incorporation of the Companies there is no reason to hold that
the absence of mutual trust and confidence among the present shareholders
justifies a just and equitable winding up. Mutual trust and confidence existed
between Chan and Chng – but should the court expect the same trust and
confidence to exist between Chan and Mdm Ting, and, on the basis that it does
not, wind up the Companies? It is, in our view, irrelevant that presently
there does not exist any mutual trust and confidence between Chan and Mdm Ting
since such relationship, if it ever existed, had nothing to do with the
incorporation and running of the Companies. Neither Company was ever based on
mutual trust and confidence between Chan and Mdm Ting.

[emphasis added]

30 In my judgment, this analysis informs the approach that must be taken here.
The relationship of trust and confidence existed only between the Wong
brothers. It did not extend to Ms Ma’s family. It is therefore irrelevant that
there was no longer any trust and confidence between the extended families.

31 Chow Kwok Chuen and Lin Choo Mee v Tat Leong Development (Pte) Ltd and
Others and Other Matters [2015] SGHC 99 (“Lin Choo Mee”), relied upon by Ms
Ma, were of no assistance to her case. Chow Kwok Chuen involved three brothers
who were co-directors of three family companies set up by their late father.
In Lin Choo Mee, the plaintiff, who applied to wind up three family companies
on the just and equitable ground, was similarly a director of the three
defendant companies and was “always meant to have a management role” in them.
Thus, these two cases involved plaintiffs who had been actively running the
companies sought to be wound up.

32 In contrast, prior to WKN’s death, aside from WKN, no member of his family
had at any time been a shareholder of the Companies; neither had any member of
WKN’s family been involved in the management of the Companies. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Ms Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 70.

Ms Ma and Neil and Mimi Wong had lived in Sydney from 2003. When WKN left Sibu
in 2011, he left the Companies in the charge of WKY and trusted others. His
passing in 2013 gave no reason to change the status quo that he put in place
before his departure in 2011. Indeed, WKN’s 2012 will 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Tab 1 of Contributories’ combined bundle of documents (“CBOD”).

made clear that there was no expectation on his or his brothers’ part for
WKN’s family to assist with the Companies after his passing. Clauses 4d–f
provide that the shares of the Companies, as part of his “worldwide assets”,
are bequeathed to CIMB Commerce Trustee Berhad to be held on trust for the
benefit of Ms Ma, his children Neil and Mimi Wong, and the beneficiaries of
various trusts. With this trust arrangement, the beneficiaries would obtain
the value of any assets held by the Companies at the time the directors of
such Companies considered appropriate. This provision in the will also wholly
negated Ms Ma’s allegations that the acrimonious relationship 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Ms Ma’s affidavit filed for CWU 163 of 2017, dated 12 July 2017 at para 62.5.

between her and the brothers impeded her administration of WKN’s estate: she
need only transfer ownership of the shares to CIMB Commerce Trustee Berhad, as
envisaged by WKN. In any event, as the Court of Appeal cautioned in Chow Kwok
Chuen at [40], “[o]f course, only unfairness, not expediency, can provide a
‘just and equitable’ basis for winding up”.

33 It is convenient for me to deal, at this juncture, with the Malaysian
litigation relied upon by Ms Ma. Specifically, the Malaysian courts found that
Faedah Mulia Sdn Bhd, WTK Realty Builder Sdn Bhd, Unibaru Sdn Bhd, WTK
Enterprises Sdn Bhd and WTK Trading Sdn Bhd, were “part and parcel of the Wong
Family Company and/or part of the WTK Group of Companies” and that “there has
been an irretrievable breakdown in the relationship between the respective
shareholders/directors of the Respondent companies and that given the
circumstances, it would be just and equitable to wind up the companies”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Ms Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at paras 66–68; Plaintiff’s
3rd affidavit filed for CWU 163 of 2017, dated 18 November 2017, at pp
694–695.

The same findings were made in a similar action involving WTK Realty,
Leasewell Leasing Sdn Bhd and Salwong Sdn Bhd, and the Malaysian courts
ordered that those companies be wound up on the just and equitable ground. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Ms Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at Annex A.

She pointed out that WKY also applied in Malaysia for Arctic Star Sdn Bhd
(“Arctic Star”) to be wound up on the ground that there was a loss of mutual
trust and confidence between WKY and Ms Ma’s family. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Ms Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at paras 71–75.

34 I rejected this argument on the basis that the findings of the Malaysian
courts did not relate to the Companies at hand. I did not find persuasive the
submission that the findings of the Malaysian courts were relevant as factual
findings because of “the global nature” of the present proceedings. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE 22/02/2018 at pp 8–9.

The suits concerned Malaysian companies in the WTK Group and were dealt with
under Malaysian law. Insofar as there were any factual findings, these were
not relevant to the present action: see ss 42–45 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97,
1997 Rev Ed). Any contention regarding the Companies at hand must be
independently established and proved by Ms Ma.

Effect of finding that there is no quasi-partnership

35 Absent a quasi-partnership, what expectations are reasonable on the part of
Ms Ma? I deal with Ms Ma’s complaints about not being made a director at her
request in this perspective. In the light of my finding that there is no
quasi-partnership between Ms Ma or her children and the other brothers in
respect of the Companies, it would follow that she does not have a right to
participate in their management; nor is it reasonable for her to ask to be
made a director.

36 There remained her argument that the deep acrimony between the family
factions within the extended family was sufficient. It is clear from Ebrahimi
that, absent a quasi-partnership, familial acrimony is not a sufficient
premise for the Court’s intervention.

The mismanagement contentions

37 As highlighted by Chow Kwok Chuen, carrying on business in a fraudulent
manner may found good ground for intervention. It was not disputed that
shareholders who rely on this ground must prove a “lack of probity” in the
directors’ conduct: Loch v John Blackwood, Limited [1924] AC 783, applied in
Summit Co (S) Pte Ltd v Pacific Biosciences Pte Ltd [2007] 1 SLR(R) 46
(“Summit”) at [37]. Mere suspicion or assertion of impropriety will not pass
muster: Summit at [37].

38 What was disputed here was whether there was any lack of probity on the
part of the directors of the Companies. Ms Ma made various contentions of
mismanagement, which I detail below. For reasons which I explain, I was of the
view that these contentions were unmeritorious.

General allegations

39 The first allegation concerns a letter dated 22 July 2015 which was sent by
Pereira & Tan LLC to Ms Ma’s solicitors. The letter states that Double Ace and
Trillion “intend to take steps to be struck off”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Plaintiff’s bundle of documents (“PBOD”) for CWU 164 of 2017 at p 179.

40 Ms Ma submitted that the circumstances under which this letter was sent
were suspicious. Mr Richard Tan (“Mr Tan”), who had charge of the accounts of
the Companies, contended that he had mistakenly instructed Pereira & Tan LLC
to send the letter after overhearing a conversation between WKY and a third
person. WKY clarified that he did not authorise Mr Tan to do so, which was
confirmed by Mr Tan. Ms Ma did not believe this explanation, saying it was too
“convenient” for Mr Tan to now claim that he could not recall details of the
conversation which he overheard. Furthermore, she asserted that WKY must have
been aware of this letter, as he was the company’s managing director. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PBOD for CWU 164 of 2017 at p 9, S/No. 6.

41 In my view, although the circumstances under which the letter was sent are
far from clear, Ms Ma had not established that Mr Tan or WKY had acted
improperly. Ms Ma also did not seek to cross-examine WKY or Mr Tan on their
motives. She simply thought that the letter was suspicious. That was not
sufficient.

42 A second area was access to documents. Ms Ma complained that she had been
unfairly denied excess to information relating to the Companies’ receivables,
employee benefits, directors’ remuneration, liabilities, management accounts,
minutes of extra-ordinary general meetings and business affairs in general. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Ms Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at paras 122–123.

43 It was not disputed that Ms Ma had been provided all the information which
she was entitled to as a shareholder, including notices and minutes of the
Companies’ annual general meetings, and copies of the Companies’ audited
financial statements. She pointed out that while WKN was alive, he had been a
director of the Companies and had complete access to documents and information
relating to the Companies. She should “be given the same documents and
information that WKN would have been privy to as a director”, because the
Companies were still run as family companies, and she, as the executrix of
WKN’s estate, had “stepped into WKN’s shoes”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Ms Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at paras 125–126.

44 In the light of my findings on the family company arguments, this
contention held no water. WKN’s rights as a director did not transmit to her
upon his death, nor was there any clause in the articles or memoranda of
association that gave her a director’s rights to information.

Company specific allegations

45 Ms Ma pointed out some inconsistencies in the evidence as to the amount of
rent owed by Double Ace to Trillion. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PBOD for CWU 164 of 2017 at pp 5-7, S/No. 2–3.

This was because Mr Tan first stated at an annual general meeting that the sum
owing was $1,028,979, 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Mr Tan’s affidavit for CWU 164 of 2017 dated 12 October 2017 at para 24.

but later confirmed on oath that as reflected in Double Ace’s accounts, the
sum was $890,170. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Mr Tan’s affidavit for CWU 163 of 2017 dated 12 October 2017 at para 16.

In response, counsel for the contributories, Mr Palmer, explained that Double
Ace also owed $138,809.55 to Rayley Co Ltd (“Rayley”), and the sum of $890,170
and $138,809.55 is $1,028,979.55. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE 22/02/2018 at pp 75–76.

The discrepancy was due to the omission of this particular debt.

46 In respect of Double Ace’s debt of $138,809.55 owed to Rayley, I make a
slight diversion to explain that Ms Ma complained that this debt did not
appear in any of the financial statements, and took issue with Mr Tan’s stated
ignorance as to how the debt arose. As explained above, the sum of $138,809.55
is likely part of the larger debt of $1,028,979.55, which appears in the
company’s financial statements dated 30 September 2016.

47 Ms Ma also referred to the Trillion’s financial statements, which indicated
that the company’s related-party debts increased from $995,907 in 2015 to
$1,028,979 in 2016, a sum of $33,072. As stated above, the sum of $1,028,979
was supposedly rent owed by Double Ace to Trillion. Somewhat inconsistently,
Mr Tan stated on affidavit that rent was $5,000 a month, or $60,000 a year. Ms
Ma queries that if the sum of $1,028,979 was rent owed, the difference in the
amount owing between 2015 and 2016 should be $60,000 and not $33,072.
Accordingly, that sum could not have been rent owed to Trillion. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PBOD for CWU 164 of 2017 at pp 5–6, S/No. 2.

Mr Palmer accepted that he had no explanation for this discrepancy. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE 22/02/2018 at p 100.

The point was raised by counsel for Ms Ma, Mr Seah, however, for the first
time during the hearing. It stands to reason that if the point was an
important one for Ms Ma, the query would have been posed earlier, and not at
the final hour of the hearing where, clearly, accountants would not be at
hand.

48 Ms Ma further alleged that Mr Tan and Mr Ong made statements at Double
Ace’s and Trillion’s 2017 annual general meeting to the effect that these
companies were going to be wound up. She contended that their subsequent
denials that such statements were made were evidence that they were lying. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PBOD for CWU 164 of 2017 at p 10, S/No. 7; PBOD for CWU 163 of 2017 at p 9,
S/No. 5.

There was no basis for her to make this allegation: her proxies did not even
file affidavits to provide an alternative version of events.

49 The other contentions in relation to Double Ace and my views on the same
are as follows:

(a) Ms Ma found it suspicious that Double Ace owed WKY $180,000, which he
explained was to cover its operating costs. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PBOD for CWU 164 of 2017 at p 4, S/No. 1.

During the hearing, Mr Palmer directed me, by way of example, to the 2013
accounts of the company, which indicate that expense on employee benefits and
other operating expenses add up to approximately $180,000. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PBOD for CWU 164 of 2017 at p 66; NE 22/02/2018 at p 69.

Mr Palmer further emphasised that there was no evidence that Ms Ma or her
proxies had taken issue with the financial statements of the Companies at its
annual general meetings. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE 22/02/2018 at pp 71–72.

Her belated complaint was therefore an afterthought. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE 22/02/2018 at p 73.

In reply, Mr Seah, submitted that the financial statements do not indicate
that the expenses were owed to WKY. Furthermore, as Ms Ma was a minority
shareholder of Double Ace, there would be no point in objecting to the
financial statements at the general meetings. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NE 22/02/2018 at pp 117–118.

I was not persuaded that the circumstances around the alleged loan were
suspicious. It is not unusual for directors to advance loans to their
companies, especially where the company in question, like Double Ace, holds
family assets. The quantum of the loan is also reasonable, taking into account
the expenses of the company as reflected in the financial statements, which Ms
Ma did not object to at the annual general meetings. Even if the statements
would have been approved over her objections, I nevertheless find it strange
that Ms Ma had done absolutely nothing to record her disapproval or reserve
her rights, given the seriousness of her allegations.

(b) Ms Ma also highlighted that the company’s 2015 financial statements state
that the company owed $1,095,907 to related parties, but none to directors.
However, its 2016 financial statements state that it owed $100,000 to a
director, and $995,907 to related parties. Ms Ma concluded from this that WKY
had “carved out” the sum of $100,000 for himself. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PBOD for CWU 164 of 2017 at p 11, S/No. 8.

Mr Palmer pointed out at the hearing that this allegation was not made in the
affidavits and that the contributories had no opportunity to explain. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NE 22/02/2018 at p 85.

In my judgment, the evidence in this regard is too ambiguous. In the absence
of queries having been raised properly with WKY or the company’s accountant, I
was unable to find that WKY had acted improperly in stating that $100,000 of
the company’s debt was owed to him.

(c) Ms Ma took issue with the sudden increase in Double Ace’s revenue from
$8,032 in 2015 to $127,340 in 2016. She highlighted that although Mr Tan and
Mr Ong had suggested that the increase was due to receivables paid by a
company called “Hallaway” for use of its facilities and premises, this could
not be correct because according to WKY, the property which Double Ace owned
had had no tenants since August 2015. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

PBOD for CWU 164 of 2017 at pp 7–8, S/No. 4.

It was important to put this allegation in perspective: it related to an
increase in income, not a loss, and the only issue – if any - was a purported
failure to identify the source of the income. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NE 22/02/2018 at pp 79–81.

Again, I was unable to find that this, without more, showed any want of
probity on the part the company’s officers.

(d) Ms Ma further accused Mr Tan of making “flippant and baseless” statements
regarding a debt of $1,510,153 owed to the company by related offshore
companies. According to her, Mr Tan “should have checked with WKY whether the
debts were recoverable, rather than ‘assuming’ [them to be]”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PBOD for CWU 164 of 2017 at p 8, S/No. 5.

Mr Palmer pointed out in response that there was no allegation that there was
anything wrong with the company’s accounts. Rather, the complaint was that Mr
Tan should have known better rather than to assume.

In my view, although Mr Tan could have been more careful, there is nothing
here which suggests lack of probity on his part. Nor did Ms Ma suggest that Mr
Tan’s action had prejudiced any party.

50 Ms Ma’s allegations in relating to Trillion were similarly unmeritorious,
for the following reasons:

(a) Ms Ma found WKY’s claim that the company owed him $942,065 for the
purchase of a property at Shenton House suspicious. She pointed out that there
was no objective evidence of this loan, the details of which even Mr Tan was
not aware of. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PBOD for CWU 163 of 2017 at p 4, S/No. 1.

She submitted that that was an example of WKY “ring-fencing” the company’s
assets (ie, claiming that monies were owed to him to the exclusion of other
shareholders). 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Ms Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 191.

In response, Mr Palmer pointed out that the company’s financial statements
over several years, which reflect this debt, had been approved. In this vein,
he highlighted that despite the Ms Ma’s assertion that she had voted against
the approval of these financial statements, there is no record of her
objections in the minutes of the annual general meetings. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NE 22/02/2018 at pp 86-87; PBOD for CWU 163 of 2017 at Tabs 10–13.

Mr Palmer also submitted that this debt was “historical”, in the sense that it
was already recorded in the company’s 2009 financial statements 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE 22/02/2018 at p 89; CBOD at p 332.

which were approved WKN. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

CBOD at p 329.

Furthermore, the property was purchased in 1984. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Ong’s affidavit in CWU 163 of 2017 dated 12 October 2017 at para 12.

There was therefore no “ring-fencing”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NE 22/02/2018 at p 91.

In my judgment, there was insufficient evidence to conclude one way or the
other on this issue. The 2009 financial statements, while recording a debt,
did not state that the debt was owed to WKY. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NE 22/02/2018 at p 90.

Nevertheless, the burden remained on Ms Ma to prove that WKY had attempted to
misappropriate the sum of $942,065 from the company. Her bare allegation was
inconclusive.

(b) Another debt forming part of Ms Ma’s allegation of “ring-fencing” is the
sum of $642,843 owed by the company. Mr Tan said that the said sum was owed to
WKY, but WKY clarified that it was owed to related offshore companies. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PBOD for CWU 163 of 2017 at pp 5–6, S/No. 2.

As Mr Palmer submitted, 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE 22/02/2018 at p 93.

the fact that WKY did not claim the money for himself absolved him of the
“ring-fencing” allegation.

51 Ms Ma’s allegations in relation to the management of Faxlink were
untenable, for the following reasons:

(a) Ms Ma alleged that WKY had attempted to “ring-fence” the sum of $122,028
which he claimed was owed to him. According to WKY, these loans were for
Faxlink’s operating expenses. Ms Ma pointed out that he had not proved that
the sum was owed to him. She also highlighted WKY’s admission that WKN had
dealt with the affairs of Faxlink, which made it likely that WKN had in fact
paid Faxlink’s expenses. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PBOD for CWU 165 of 2017 at p 4, S/No. 1.

Mr Palmer highlighted at the hearing that it cost about $2,000 to $4,000 to
keep Faxlink alive, and that since Faxlink was incorporated in 1989, it was
not unusual for it to incur operating expenses of $122,028 over the years. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE 22/02/2018 at p 94; Contributories’ written submissions dated 14 February
2018 at para 90.

More pertinently, he emphasised that there was no dispute that Faxlink was a
dormant company which did not even have a bank account. Thus, WKY had no
prospect of recovering debts from Faxlink, and in this sense there was nothing
for WKY to “ring-fence”.

(b) Ms Ma also complained that Faxlink’s directors made false declarations to
the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority when filing an application
to strike Faxlink off the Register of Companies. In particular, the directors
stated that (1) the written consent of the majority of shareholders had been
obtained (when actually Ms Ma did not consent); and (2) the company had no
assets and liabilities (when it did have liabilities). 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PBOD for CWU 165 of 2017 at pp 4–5, S/No. 2.

However, Ms Ma had not become a shareholder when the declarations were made on
23 April 2014. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Tab 8 of PBOD for CWU 165 of 2017.

The shares were only transferred to her on 7 August 2014. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Tab 2 of CBOD at p 34.

Hence, her consent need not have been obtained. Indeed it was not unreasonable
for WKY and WKC to apply for the company to be struck off, given that it was
dormant and had no assets. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NE 22/02/2018 at p 98.

As for the declaration that the company had no liabilities, Ms Ma did not
adduce any evidence to show that it was otherwise than an innocent mistake.
Lack of probity was not established.

Conclusion on mismanagement contentions

52 In conclusion, there were no grounds to suspect any lack of probity on the
part of the directors of the Companies. Far from revealing fraudulent
behaviour, Ms Ma’s laundry list of complaints smacked of spite.

Loss of substratum argument

Applicable principles

53 Mismanagement not proved, I come to the loss of substratum argument. It is
useful to begin with an observation that in such cases, the unfairness arises
not from the loss of substratum per se, but “from a majority using its legal
powers to maintain the association in circumstances to which the minority can
reasonably say it did not agree”: O’Neill v Phillips [1999] 1 WLR 1092
(“O’Neill v Phillips”) at 1101H, per Lord Hoffmann, cited with approval in
Evenstar at [31].

Double Ace and Trillion

54 In relation to Trillion, Ms Ma submitted that it was established to acquire
and invest in land. Since it is only “renting” the Shenton House property to
Double Ace without actually receiving payment, and having regard to its debts
and the lack of revenue, it is “clearly not fulfilling its original purpose
and is virtually dormant”. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Ms Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at paras 147–148.

As for Double Ace, Ms Ma relied on WKY’s assertion that it was incorporated
“for the purpose of trading in spare parts used by the WTK Group of Companies
and subsequently dealing with the trading and sale of timber by the WTK Group
to customers”, a business which it is no longer in. Hence, Double Ace should
be wound up. In reply, the contributories submitted that that Double Ace is
obtaining rent from a company called “Hallaway”, which is permitted under the
company’s constitution. Ms Ma pointed out in response – and contradicting her
premise somewhat - that a company’s true object cannot be determined solely
from its constitution. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Ms Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at paras 155–160.

55 Professor Walter Woon emphasised in Walter Woon on Company Law (Sweet &
Maxwell, Rev 3rd Ed, 2012) at para 17.59 that the test for establishing loss
of substratum is a “practical rather a theoretical one”, because the Court
looks beyond the company’s constitution to determine the intention of its
members. He explains at paras 17.59 and 17.60:

… It may be appropriate to allow a member to get his money back even if he was
not one of the original promoters of the company, if his participation in the
company was predicated on the assumption that it would be conducting a
specific business.

… Where an investor goes along for the ride, as it were, he cannot complain if
the company diversifies in a direction that he does not agree with. In such a
case, it would not necessarily be just and equitable to wind the company up on
the ground that the original business had been abandoned.

[emphasis added]

In other words, a member may rely on this ground only if he had joined the
company on the understanding that it would continue pursuing certain goals.

56 It is plain that it cannot be said that Ms Ma’s participation in these
companies “was predicated on the assumption that they would be conducting a
specific business”. She is merely the executrix of WKN’s will and in this
context, tasked only with transferring ownership of the shares to the trust
company specified in the will.

Faxlink

57 As stated at [51] above, it was common ground that Faxlink has been dormant
since incorporation. As a result, the contributories agreed Faxlink could be
wound up, provided that the company is wound up solely on the ground of loss
of substratum, and that the OR (rather than a private liquidator) is appointed
to administer the winding up. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Contributories’ written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 182.

The contributories submitted that it would make “no commercial or common
sense” to appoint a private liquidator as Faxlink has no assets (since it has
been dormant since incorporation) and a paid up share capital of $2. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Contributories’ written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 183.

Ms Ma’s request for a private liquidator rested on her wish to investigate the
affairs of the company, in light of the “improper” manner in which it has been
managed. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Ms Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 216.

Given my finding that the mismanagement contentions were not made out, this
submission had no merit.

58 Notwithstanding the contributories’ concession that Faxlink may be wound up
on the ground of loss of substratum, I dismissed Ms Ma’s application. Faxlink
remained as a company despite being dormant solely because of her stance.
First, the directors had previously filed an application to strike it off the
Register of Companies. This striking off did not take place because Ms Ma
objected. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Ms Ma’s first affidavit in CWU 165 of 2017 dated 12 July 2017 at para 55.

Secondly, after she filed the application, the contributories were willing to
wind up the company. Their condition that the OR be appointed liquidator was a
sensible course given that this company was not a going concern. Furthermore,
as I will explain below, Faxlink’s articles contained an exit mechanism which
Ms Ma could have used. As she has chosen not to, it should be left to those
charged with the management of Faxlink to decide how best to deal with its
demise in the most cost efficient way.

Presence of exit mechanisms

59 I have explained, thus far, why I found no commercial unfairness on the
facts. Ting Shwu Ping at [107] makes clear that, even where unfairness is
established, exit mechanisms are relevant in assessing whether the Court
should intervene. In this exercise, the focus is on the terms of the
separation, such as who should buy out whom, and the terms of the buy-out.
Exceptions arise where the shareholder has a legitimate expectation to have
his shares valued in another way than that provided, where impropriety has
affected the value of the shares, or where the method of valuation provided
was arbitrary. Where no attempt has been made to invoke the share buy-out
mechanism in the company’s articles, unfairness is unlikely to be established.

Double Ace and Faxlink

60 The exit mechanism of Double Ace, at article 27 of the Articles of
Association, 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Tab 11 of CBOD at pp 481–482.

allows a member (whom I shall refer to as the “transferor”) to give the
company notice of his desire to transfer his shares, at a price to be agreed
by the transferor and the directors, failing which the company’s auditor will
be called to certify a fair price. The transferor is entitled to cancel the
sale after being informed of the certified fair price. Otherwise, the company
will give notice to the other members and invite them to purchase those
shares. As for Faxlink, articles 22 and 23 of its Articles of Association 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Tab 12 of the CBOD at pp 501–502.

allow any member to transfer any or all of his shares by instrument in writing
in any usual or common form or in any other form which the directors may
approve, provided that the instrument is left for registration at its
registered office with a fee of up to $2.00. As with Double Ace, any dispute
as to the price of the shares will be resolved by the auditor of the company.
I should also point out here that clauses which leave the determination of
fair value to auditors are reasonable and commonplace: Ting Shwu Ping at
[114].

61 Ms Ma contended in response that the mismanagement contentions made it
impossible for a fair valuation to be obtained. This argument was not
sustainable in the light of my findings on the mismanagement contentions.

Trillion

62 Finally, I deal with the fact that Trillion’s articles do not provide a
specific exit procedure for shareholders who seek to be bought out, save for
article 22, which only states that any member may transfer any or all of
shares by instrument. Notwithstanding this deficiency in Trillion’s articles,
WKY offered, in his affidavits dated 12 October 2017, to purchase Ms Ma’s
shares in the Companies at fair value (ie, by fixing the price of her shares
through a joint independent valuer, if not agreed). 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Contributories’ written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 119. Ms
Ma’s written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at para 178.

As a result, the contributories submitted that Ms Ma could have exited the
Companies on fair and reasonable terms, and the availability of this choice
would negate any finding of unfairness. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Contributories’ written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at paras 135 and
138.

63 I agreed with the contributories in this respect. In O’Neill v Phillips,
where the majority shareholder offered to buy out the minority shareholder,
Lord Hoffmann made the same point at 1107C:

But the unfairness does not lie in the exclusion alone but in exclusion
without a reasonable offer. If the respondent to a petition has plainly made a
reasonable offer, then the exclusion as such will not be unfairly prejudicial
and he will be entitled to have the petition struck out.

Lord Hoffmann listed (at 1107D–1108B) various criteria to determine if an
offer was a reasonable one. The first three – that the value not be
discounted, that it be set by a competent expert and determined by that expert
as an expert – were made out on WKY’s offer. The last two, that parties ought
to have equality of information relevant to the valuation and to be reasonable
on the issue of costs (in that case, in the context of the timing of the
offer), did not arise for consideration because Ms Ma dismissed the offer out
of hand. Even if unfairness was made out, which it was not, it would have been
incumbent upon Ms Ma to engage the contributories on the terms of an offer
that was on its face reasonable.

Contributories’ request in the alternative for buy-out

64 Finally, even when the conditions for winding up are satisfied, the Court
may order that the plaintiff’s shares be bought out under s 254(2A) of the
Companies Act instead, if it considers this outcome to be more equitable.
Relevant considerations include whether the company is viable and profitable,
and the inquiry may involve a comparison of the consequences for the parties
in the event of a winding up as opposed to a buy-out: Ting Shwu Ping at [79].

65 The contributories pointed out that an en bloc sale of Shenton House was
imminent, and a premature winding up would in all likelihood lead to a lower
sale price than the $750,000 and $2,162,282.70 envisaged for the properties.
Absent mismanagement, such a result would unduly prejudice WKY, a creditor of
these two companies. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Contributories’ written submissions dated 14 February 2018 at paras 143–145

The beneficiaries of the estate might also lose the opportunity to fully
realise their share of the Companies’ assets, as a market valuation will
likely be higher than a liquidator-actuated sale of the assets. It was not
necessary for me to decide this point in view of my findings above. In Ting
Shwu Ping at [42], the Court of Appeal held that the conditions for winding up
must first be satisfied before a remedy under s 254(2A) of the Companies Act
may be ordered. The same point was reiterated in Perennial (Capitol) Pte Ltd
and another v Capitol Investment Holdings Pte Ltd and other appeals [2018]
SGCA 11 at [58].

Conclusion

66 Justice and equity, not expediency, is the premise of the court’s exercise
of its discretion under s 254(1)(i) of the Companies Act. In the
circumstances, I dismissed the three applications. For the applications
concerning Trillion and Double Ace, I fixed costs at $8,000 each, inclusive of
disbursements. As the application to wind up Faxlink involved fewer issues,
costs were fixed at $4,000, including disbursements.

Valerie Thean  
Judge

Seah Yong Quan Terence, Ong Huijun, Christine and Denise Chong (Virtus Law
LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Palmer Michael Anthony and Jaime Lye (Quahe Woo & Palmer LLC) for the
contributories.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

