Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 209

Magistrate’s Appeal 9159 of 2018

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Tan Zhenyang  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal procedure and sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Appeals]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Tan Zhenyang

[2018] SGHC 209

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal 9159 of 2018  
Chan Seng Onn J  
28 September 2018

28 September 2018

Chan Seng Onn J:

1 The respondent, Tan Zhenyang, pleaded guilty to one charge under s 323 of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) for voluntarily causing hurt to the
victim, Ong Guan Hian Ian.

2 These are the facts as stated in the Statement of Facts (“SOF”). The offence
arose out of a dispute over a parking lot in a multi-storey carpark. The
victim had made an unauthorised right turn against the flow of traffic to
reach the said parking lot before the respondent. The respondent told the
victim that he had seen the lot first but the victim continued to reverse his
car into the parking lot. The respondent stood behind the victim’s car to
prevent him from reversing further. The victim then called the police. While
waiting for the police to arrive, the victim stepped out of his car intending
to open the boot of his car. The victim signalled for the respondent to give
way by placing the back of his right hand slightly below the respondent’s
chest. At this point, the respondent grabbed the victim by the shoulder with
his right hand, and pointed his left index finger close to the victim’s face
while saying “Don’t touch me.” Alarmed, the victim pushed the respondent’s
left hand away. The respondent then pulled the victim towards him with his
left hand, and punched the victim’s face with his right hand. Thereafter, the
respondent continued hitting the victim, and grabbed the victim’s left arm as
he was trying to escape. As the victim struggled, the respondent grabbed him
by the neck and shoved him onto a nearby car with such force that it caused a
dent on the car’s right rear passenger door. The respondent continued slapping
the victim multiple times. The respondent then head-locked the victim with his
arms, and only released him when a passer-by yelled at them to stop.

3 The victim suffered two scratch marks with some mild bruising across the
right temple and upper cheek bone region, as well as a left elbow abrasion.
The respondent is untraced.

4 The DJ below sentenced the respondent to a fine of $5,000. The prosecution
has appealed against this sentence on the basis that it is manifestly
inadequate.

5 I agree broadly with the prosecution’s submissions. First, I agree that the
DJ had erred in relying on precedents which involved the offence of affray.
Indeed, an affray charge would involve an assessment that both parties were
culpable for using violence against each other. In the present case, the
respondent was charged with voluntarily causing hurt under s 323 of the Penal
Code. Therefore, it would have been more apposite for the DJ below to consider
the sentencing precedents for s 323 offences instead.

6 Second, I agree with the prosecution that the DJ had made his decision upon
certain erroneous findings of fact. Specifically, the DJ had strayed too far
from what was stated in the SOF. The DJ found that there was no evidence that
the victim had tried to escape, even though it was clearly stated in the SOF.
The DJ also found that the victim had gone to the back of his vehicle and
“used his hand to push the [respondent] away”. However, the SOF states that
the victim had merely placed the back of his right hand slightly below the
respondent’s chest. I note that the respondent has tried to argue that the
victim was rude and provocative in his approach towards the respondent, and
had even banged on the trunk of his vehicle to intimidate the respondent.
However, this does not come out clearly in the SOF on which the decision on
sentence must be based.

7 The sentencing precedents cited by the prosecution for cases involving
voluntarily causing hurt out of road rage, specifically arising from parking
related disputes, indicated that the range of sentences were between 2 to 5
weeks’ imprisonment. The prosecution further submitted that fines have only
been given where there has been severe provocation by the victim.

8 I note that in Public Prosecutor v Lim Yee Hua and another appeal [2018] 3
SLR 1106, I had stated that although deterrence is the predominant sentencing
principle for cases involving road rage, the custodial threshold need not
necessarily be crossed in all cases. However, on the facts of the present case
where the provocation by the victim if any was slight, and the nature of the
assault was severe notwithstanding the relatively minor injuries sustained, a
custodial sentence would be warranted. Accordingly, I allow the prosecution’s
appeal and impose a sentence of 5 weeks’ imprisonment on the respondent. The
fine of $5,000/- paid is to be refunded to the respondent.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

DPPs Han Ming Kuang and Houston Johannus (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
appellant;  
K. Jayakumar Naidu (M/s Jay Law Corporation) for the respondent.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

