Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 206

Originating Summons No 95 of 2018

| In the matter of section193DDA of the Copyright Act(Cap. 63)  
---|---  
  
Between

(1)| Disney Enterprises, Inc.  
---|---  
(2)| Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation  
(3)| Paramount Pictures Corporation  
(4)| Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.  
(5)| Universal City Studios Productions LLLP  
(6)| Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc.  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| M1 Limited  
---|---  
(2)| M1 Net Ltd  
(3)| MyRepublic Limited  
(4)| Singnet Pte Ltd  
(5)| Singtel Mobile Singapore Pte Ltd  
(6)| Starhub Internet Pte Ltd  
(7) | Starhub Mobile Pte Ltd  
(8)| Starhub Online Pte Ltd  
(9)| ViewQwest Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Copyright] — [Remedies] — [Blocking orders]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Disney Enterprises, Inc and Others

  

v

  

M1 Ltd and others

[2018] SGHC 206

High Court — Originating Summons No 95 of 2018  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
26 April, 12 July 2018

19 September 2018

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiffs are owners of various copyrights subsisting in numerous
cinematograph films. In originating summons no 95 of 2018, the plaintiffs
sought blocking orders pursuant to s 193DDA of the Copyright Act (Cap 63, 2006
Rev Ed) (“Copyright Act”), which would require the defendant network service
providers to take reasonable steps to block its subscribers’ access to certain
websites which infringe or facilitate infringement of copyright. After hearing
the submissions of the parties, I granted the blocking orders sought.

Background

2 The plaintiffs are engaged in the creation, distribution, licensing and
marketing of theatrical motion pictures, television programming and other
related products. The plaintiffs own various copyrights subsisting in numerous
films (“the Subject Films”) including the subtitles of these films. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Oliver James Walsh dated 19 January 2018 (“Affidavit of OJW”) at
paras 15–16; Plaintiffs’ written submissions dated 26 March 2018 (“PWS”) at
paras 21–25.

3 The defendants are network service providers engaged in the business of
providing telecommunications services. The defendants are the major internet
service providers in Singapore. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of OJW at para 17.

4 The plaintiffs’ application concerned 53 online locations which provided
public access to a collection of films, including the Subject Films, without
the requisite consent or licences from the plaintiffs. The 53 online locations
were websites which were in turn accessible via Fully Qualified Domain Names
(“FQDNs”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Michael Kwan Yuk Kwan dated 8 June 2018 (“Affidavit of MKYK”) at
para 10.

An FQDN is a domain name, a uniform resource locator (“URL”) and/or an
internet protocol address (“IP address”) which can access an online location,
including a website. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of MKYK at para 7(l).

Domain name, URL and IP address have the following meanings: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of MKYK at paras 7(d)–(k).

(a) Domain name:

(i) A “domain name” is a name formed by the rules and procedures of the “Doman
Name System” (“DNS”), which is the system for naming computer servers and
other resources connected to the Internet.

(ii) A “primary domain name” is the domain name a user request resolves to
when requesting a website. A “redirect domain name” is a domain name which
resolves to the primary domain name when the user requests it. For example,
where a user keys in the redirect domain name “xmovies8.es” into a search
engine, the user is redirected to “xmovies8.nu” which is the primary domain
name for the website “xmovies8”.

(b) URL: A URL is the entire address used to fetch a resource from an online
location. An example of a URL is “https://xmovies8.es”.

(c) IP address: An IP address is a unique string of numbers that identifies a
computer and enables a computer to communicate with another computer via the
Internet. A computer requires an IP address to ensure that data sent over the
Internet reaches its intended destination.

5 The plaintiffs sought two types of orders. First, the plaintiffs sought an
order for the defendants to take reasonable steps to disable access by its
subscribers to a list of FQDNs which were being used to enable or facilitate
access to the 53 websites (“the main injunction”). The plaintiffs submitted
that the 53 websites were “Flagrantly Infringing Online Locations” (“FIOLs”),
in that they were being used to flagrantly commit or facilitate infringement
of copyright in materials. The order sought in relation to the main injunction
read, in material parts:

1\. … [T]hat the Defendants shall, within 15 working days of the date of the
Order of Court to be made herein ("this Order"), take reasonable steps to
disable access primarily by its residential subscribers and customers to Fully
Qualified Domain Names ("FQDNs") which have been used to enable or facilitate
access to the Flagrantly Infringing Online Location(s) ("FIOL"), as referred
to in the Schedule to this application. Such reasonable steps shall include
utilising technical means such as Domain Name System (“DNS”) blocking, Uniform
Resource Locator (“URL”) filtering, or IP address blocking, as may be
determined by the Defendants at their discretion, provided that such technical
means shall be no less efficacious than the current steps as at the date of
this Order each such Defendant would have taken in relation to any "online
location" under section 20(1) of the Remote Gambling Act 2014 (Act 34 of
2014).

2\. … [T]hat the owner(s) of the FIOL who claim to be affected by this Order
is/are to have liberty to apply to vary or revoke this Order insofar as it
affects such applicant(s), any such application to be on notice to all the
parties and to be supported by materials setting out and justifying the
grounds for the application. Any such application shall clearly indicate with
the support of evidence the status of the applicant(s) and that it/they is/are
the owner(s) of any FIOL which is the subject of such application, and be made
on fourteen (14) days' notice to the Plaintiffs and the Defendants.

…

6 Second, the plaintiffs sought an order that would require the defendants to
block new FQDNs not presently listed in the plaintiffs’ schedule which are
subsequently discovered to provide access to the same FIOLs that are the
subject of the main injunction, upon receiving notification from the
plaintiffs (“the dynamic injunction”). It was proposed that under the dynamic
injunction, the plaintiffs would provide notification to the defendants by
serving an affidavit on the defendants (and filing it in court) which will
identify the additional FQDNs and provide reasons why the FIOLs accessible
from the additional FQDNs are the same FIOLs which have been blocked in the
main injunction. The order sought in relation to the dynamic injunction read:

3\. … [T]hat the Plaintiffs may from time to time notify the Defendants in
writing of FQDNs which include one or more additional Domain Name(s), URL(s),
and/or IP Address(es) via which a FIOL which was referred to in the Schedule
to this Order is accessible (the "Additional Domain Name(s), URL(s) and/or IP
Address(es)"), and provide an affidavit to the Defendants and the Court which
identifies the Additional Domain Name(s), URL(s) and/or IP Address(es) and
states the reasons the FIOL accessible from the Additional Domain Name(s),
URL(s) or IP Address(es) is the same FIOL which is identified in the Schedule
to this Order and the subject of these orders. The Defendants shall within 15
working days of the notification take reasonable steps (as set out at
paragraph 1 of this Order) to disable access primarily by its residential
subscribers and customers to the FIOL through the Additional Domain Name(s),
URL(s) and/or IP Address(es).

The dynamic injunction was sought by the plaintiffs in the light of the
potential for measures to be taken by owners of the FIOLs to circumvent the
main injunction, such as by changing the domain name, URL and/or IP address
for the FIOL.

The parties’ submissions

7 The plaintiffs submitted that the procedural and substantive requirements
for an order under s 193DDA of the Copyright Act were satisfied.

8 The plaintiffs submitted that they had the standing, being the owners of the
copyright in the Subject Films, to bring the application. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

PWS at paras 21–25.

They had also fulfilled the notice requirements under s 193DDB(1)(a) read with
s 193DDB(3) of the Copyright Act by sending take-down notices to the owners of
41 out of 53 of the FIOLSs, and in respect of the remaining 12 FIOLs,
undertaking all reasonable efforts to send take-down notices to the owners. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

PWS at paras 26–36.

Likewise, the plaintiffs had also fulfilled the notice requirement under s
193DDB(1)(b) of the Copyright Act by informing the defendants of their
intention to apply for an order under s 193DDA. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

PWS at paras 37–38.

The notice and service requirements for the application under s 193DDB(2) of
the Copyright Act were also fulfilled. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

PWS at paras 39–46.

9 The plaintiffs further submitted that it had adduced sufficient evidence to
demonstrate that the 53 websites were FIOLs, given that, amongst others, the
primary purpose of the websites was to commit or facilitate copyright
infringement. This was evident from the fact that searches for cinematograph
films on the 53 websites disclosed a large number of page results, and a
significant number of the Subject Films were made accessible through the
websites without the consent or authorisation of the respective copyright
owners. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PWS at paras 53–59.

10 In addition, according to the plaintiffs, the factors set out under s
193DB(3) of the Copyright Act, which the court may have regard to in
determining if an order under s 193DDA should be granted, weighed in favour of
the granting of the orders. It was submitted that the main injunction was
necessary to prevent further harm to the plaintiffs and also would not impose
an undue burden on the defendants. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PWS at paras 73–77.

The dynamic injunction was in turn necessary to ensure the continued
effectiveness of the main injunction, given the tendency for owners of FIOLs
to take circumventive actions to evade site-blocking orders issued by the
courts. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PWS at paras 79–81.

11 In relation to the dynamic injunction sought, the plaintiffs further
submitted that the court had the jurisdiction under the Copyright Act to grant
the injunction, and that the injunction was consistent with the legislative
purpose of s 193DDA of the Copyright Act which is to disable access to the
FIOL. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiffs’ supplemental written submissions dated 22 June 2018 (“PSWS”) at
paras 23–30; PWS at paras 82–84.

According to the plaintiffs, the dynamic injunction also would not impose an
undue burden on the defendants. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

PSWS at paras 31–33; PWS at paras 85–87.

12 The defendants did not raise any objections to the plaintiffs’ application.

My decision

13 After hearing the submissions of the parties at the hearing on 26 April
2018, I granted the main injunction. In relation to the dynamic injunction, I
requested further submissions to be filed by the plaintiffs.

14 Upon hearing further submissions on 12 July 2018, I granted the dynamic
injunction but on modified terms, in particular, to include a proviso in the
order sought by the plaintiffs.

15 That the various legal requirements for the main injunction were met was
relatively uncontroversial and straightforward in the light of the evidence.
The main issue in this case was therefore whether the dynamic injunction
sought by the plaintiffs could be granted under the framework of the existing
legislation and if so, if the dynamic injunction ought to be granted. The
ensuing analysis will therefore consider the following issues, with an
emphasis on (d):

(a) locus standi and procedural requirements;

(b) whether the online locations were FIOLs;

(c) whether the defendants’ services were being used to access the FIOLs; and

(d) whether the orders sought were reasonable steps to disable access to the
FIOLs.

Analysis

16 The central legislative provision in this application was s 193DDA of the
Copyright Act. Section 193DDA empowers the High Court to order network service
providers to take reasonable steps to disable access to a FIOL. The provision
reads:

Order to disable access to flagrantly infringing online location

193DDA.—(1) Where the High Court is satisfied, on an application made by the
owner or exclusive licensee of copyright in a material against a network
service provider, that —

(a) the services of the network service provider have been or are being used
to access an online location, which is the subject of the application, to
commit or facilitate infringement of copyright in that material; and

(b) the online location is a flagrantly infringing online location,

the High Court may, after having regard to the factors referred to in section
193DB(3), make an order requiring the network service provider to take
reasonable steps to disable access to the flagrantly infringing online
location.

…

Locus standi and procedural requirements

17 Pursuant to s 193DDA(1) of the Copyright Act, an application for a site-
blocking order may only be brought by “the owner or exclusive licensee of
copyright in a material”. Under s 130 of the Copyright Act, copyright is
presumed to subsist in the work in question and the plaintiff is presumed to
be the owner of such copyright where subsistence and ownership of the
copyright are not challenged by the defendant:

Presumptions as to subsistence and ownership of copyright

130.—(1) In an action brought by virtue of this Part —

(a) copyright shall be presumed to subsist in the work or other subject-matter
to which the action relates if the defendant does not put in issue the
question whether copyright subsists in the work or other subject-matter; and

(b) where the subsistence of the copyright is established—the plaintiff shall
be presumed to be the owner of the copyright if he claims to be the owner of
the copyright and the defendant does not put in issue the question of his
ownership.

As neither subsistence nor ownership of the copyright in the Subject Films
were put in question by the defendants, the plaintiffs were presumed to be the
owners of the copyright in respect of the Subject Films. I was therefore
satisfied that the plaintiffs had the requisite locus standi to bring the
application.

18 The notice and service requirements for an order under s 193DDA of the
Copyright Act are set out under s 193DDB. In brief, this provision requires
the plaintiff to inform the owner of the online location of its intention to
apply for an order under s 193DDA if the owner fails to comply with its take-
down notice within a prescribed period. Following the end of the prescribed
period, the plaintiff must also send a notice to the defendant network service
provider stating its intention to apply for the order. I was satisfied based
on the evidence adduced by the plaintiffs that the notice requirements were
satisfied in the present case as there were reasonable efforts to identify the
owners of the 53 online locations and to notify them as well as the defendants
of these proceedings. The service requirements were also met.

Whether the online locations were FIOLs

19 The term “online location” is not expressly defined in the Copyright Act.
That said, a “flagrantly infringing online location”, ie, a FIOL, is defined
under s 193A of the Copyright Act as:

an online location which is determined by the High Court under section 193DDA
to have been or is being used to flagrantly commit or facilitate infringement
of copyright in materials;

[emphasis added]

In addition, pursuant to s 83 read with s 103(1) of the Copyright Act,
infringement of copyright in a cinematograph film takes place where a person
who, not being the copyright owner, and without the licence of the copyright
owner, makes a copy of the film or communicates the film to the public.
Further, under s 26(1) read with s 31(1) of the Copyright Act, the copyright
in subtitles would be infringed where a person who, not being the copyright
owner, and without the licence of the copyright owner, reproduces in material
form the said subtitles.

20 The definition of a FIOL is intended to be, to some extent, imprecise and
amorphous in order to accommodate advancements in technology. At the second
reading of the Copyright (Amendment) Bill (No 16 of 2014), the then Senior
Minister of State for Law, Ms Indranee Rajah, SC stated in relation to the
definition of a FIOL that: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiffs’ supplemental bundle of authorities dated 22 June 2018 (“PSBOA”) at
Tab 7, p 54.

The Bill keeps the definition of ‘flagrantly infringing online location’
technically neutral. This is to accommodate rapid technological advances over
time.

A similar position is taken in the Explanatory Memorandum to the Australian
Copyright Amendment (Online Infringement) Bill 2015: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PSBOA at Tab 6, p 44.

The term ‘online location’ is intentionally broad and includes, but is not
limited to, a website, and would also accommodate future technologies.

21 As alluded to earlier at [4] above, in relation to the plaintiffs’
application, the alleged 53 FIOLs were websites. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Affidavit of MKYK at para 10.

These websites were in turn accessible via FQDNs which the plaintiffs sought
to block in the orders applied for.

22 Pursuant to s 193DDA(2) of the Copyright Act, in determining if an online
location is a “flagrantly infringing” online location, the court must consider
all of the following matters:

(a) whether the primary purpose of the online location is to commit or
facilitate copyright infringement;

(b) whether the online location makes available or contains directories,
indexes or categories of the means to commit or facilitate copyright
infringement;

(c) whether the owner or operator of the online location demonstrates a
disregard for copyright generally;

(d) whether access to the online location has been disabled by orders from any
court of another country or territory on the ground of or related to copyright
infringement;

(e) whether the online location contains guides or instructions to circumvent
measures, or any order of any court, that disables access to the online
location on the ground of or related to copyright infringement; and

(f) the volume of traffic at or frequency of access to the online location.

23 I was satisfied based on a consideration of all of the factors listed under
s 193DDA(2) that the 53 websites were FIOLs. Hence, the requirement under s
193DDA(1)(b) was met.

24 All of the 53 websites were one of the following: 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Affidavit of OJW at paras 4–13.

(a) A linking target website: a website that contains an index of hyperlinks
to copyrighted films which redirects the end-user to the hyperlinked site, ie,
the host site in order to stream the content. A linking target online location
facilitates the user’s making of a copy (via downloading) and the host site’s
making available of the film (via streaming) and thereby facilitates the
user’s and host site’s infringement of the copyright in the films.

(b) A streaming target website: a website which allows end-users to directly
stream copyrighted content. These sites directly make available the films to
the public and thereby both infringe and facilitate infringement of copyright.

(c) A Peer-to-Peer target website: an internet network which allows a group of
computer users with the same networking programme to connect with each other
and directly access files from each other’s hard drive without connecting
through a central server. These websites therefore enable users to download
films from other users of the networks and correspondingly facilitate
infringement of copyright.

(d) A subtitle target website: a website which provides links for users to
download copyrighted subtitles. Such websites facilitate the user’s
reproduction in material form of the subtitles and thereby facilitate the
user’s infringement of the copyright in the subtitles.

25 The plaintiffs adduced sufficient evidence that the main purpose of all 53
websites was to commit or facilitate copyright infringement by showing, inter
alia, that the websites provided access to a large library of films, including
the Subject Films, without the authorisation of the owners of the copyright.
Screenshots were adduced by the plaintiffs showing successful attempts to
search for and view the relevant subtitles and/or cinematograph films via the
53 websites. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Affidavit of OJW at paras 21–24 and OW-4.

In addition, the websites were designed to facilitate easy access to
cinematograph films, including the Subject Films, in breach of the copyright
in those films. They contained indexes of the films, which were categorised
including by quality, genre, viewership and ratings. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Affidavit of OJW at para 28 and OW-7.

26 I was also satisfied that the operators of the websites demonstrated a
disregard for copyright generally by virtue of the extent of the copyright
infringement, and non-compliance with the take-down notices issued by the
plaintiffs. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Affidavit of OJW at paras 31–33.

Instructions to circumvent measures taken to disable access were also found on
a number of these websites, as evidenced by screenshots of posts on these
websites, which show the owner or operator of the websites informing users of
a change of domain name for the websites. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Affidavit of OJW at para 52 and OW-15.

27 There was also evidence that a number of the websites had been blocked in
other jurisdictions. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Affidavit of OJW at para 50 and OW-14.

28 Evidence was also adduced from a company which provides traffic data to
show that the volume of traffic at the websites in question was significant.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Affidavit of OJW at paras 53–55, OW-16 and OW-17.

29 I was thus satisfied that the 53 online locations were FIOLs and
correspondingly that the requirement under s 193DDA(1)(b) of the Copyright Act
was met.

Whether the defendants’ services were being used to access the FIOLs

30 There was also evidence adduced, which the defendants did not dispute, that
the defendants’ services were being used to access the 53 FIOLs. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Affidavit of OJW at para 18 and OW-3.

This was to be expected since the defendants were internet service providers
and the FIOLs were correspondingly accessible by the defendants’ subscribers
through the defendants’ services. Hence the requirement under s 193DDA(1)(a)
of the Copyright Act was also met.

Whether the orders sought were reasonable steps to disable access to the FIOLs

31 The High Court’s power to grant site-blocking orders stems from s 193DDA of
the Copyright Act (see above at [16]). This provision allows the court to make
an order requiring the network service provider to “take reasonable steps to
disable access to the flagrantly infringing online location”.

32 In addition, the court is to take into account the factors referred to
under s 193DB(3) in making an order under s 193DDA of the Copyright Act.
Section 193DB(3) reads:

When making an order under subsection (1) or (2) or section 193DDA(1), the
court shall have regard to —

(a) the harm that has been or may foreseeably be caused to the plaintiff;

(b) the burden that the making of the order will place on the network service
provider;

(c) the technical feasibility of complying with the order;

(d) the effectiveness of the order;

(e) any possible adverse effect on the business or operations of the network
service provider;

(f) whether some other comparatively effective order would be less burdensome;
and

(g) all other matters which it considers relevant.

The main injunction

33 The main injunction required the defendants to take reasonable steps to
block the scheduled FQDNs (ie, domain names, URLs and/or IP addresses) which
the plaintiffs had identified as providing access to the 53 websites which I
have found are FIOLs. I was satisfied that the factors under s 193DB(3) of the
Copyright Act supported the granting of the main injunction. The main
injunction was necessary to mitigate further harm caused to the plaintiffs. I
was also satisfied that the methods proposed to block access to the FQDNs,
which were left largely within the discretion of the defendants, including DNS
blocking, URL filtering or IP address blocking were technically feasible and
did not place an excessive burden on the defendants.

The dynamic injunction

34 The dynamic injunction required the defendants to block additional FQDNs
not presently listed in the plaintiffs’ schedule which provide access to the
same 53 FIOLs, upon receiving notification of such additional FQDNs from the
plaintiffs.

35 The dynamic injunction anticipates and seeks to counteract circumventive
measures that may be taken by owners or operators of the FIOLs. This would
include measures taken to change the domain name, URL and/or IP address
providing access to the FIOL. Owners or operators of FIOLs are able to take
measures which circumvent existing blocking orders since it is possible for a
single FIOL to be accessed via multiple domain names, URLs and/or IP
addresses. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PSWS at paras 10–14.

As an illustration, s/n 52 of the schedule to the plaintiffs’ application
sought to block the FQDNs which provide access to the FIOL known as “series9”.
Multiple domain names, URLs and IP addresses were associated with the
“series9” FIOL:

FIOL| Target Domain Names| Target URLs| Target IP Addresses  
---|---|---|---  
series9| series9.co| https://series9.co| 104.25.155.110  
104.25.156.110  
theseriesonline.net| http://theseriesonline.net| 192.162.138.21  
series9.io| http://series9.io| 104.25.155.110  
104.25.156.110  
theseriesonline.com| http://theseriesonline.com| 104.24.118.246  
104.24.119.246  
seriesonline.io| https://seriesonline.io| 104.27.168.74  
104.27.169.74  
  
36 In this connection, the means of accessing FIOLs are dynamic rather than
static. In fact, since the filing of the application by the plaintiffs, the
means of accessing some of the FIOLs have already changed. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PWS at para 80.

For example, the primary domain name for the FIOL “xmovies8” has since been
changed from “xmovies8.es” to “xmovies8.nu”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Affidavit of MKYK at para 28.

As the domain name “xmovies8.nu” did not exist at the time of the application
and was not listed under the plaintiffs’ schedule, should the dynamic
injunction not be granted, the plaintiffs would need to apply to the court to
amend the main injunction in order to add the new domain name for it to be
blocked. On the other hand, the dynamic injunction would remove the need for
the plaintiffs to return to court to apply for an amendment of the main
injunction or for a new order.

(1) Whether the court has jurisdiction to issue a dynamic injunction

37 Section 193DDA of the Copyright Act is worded broadly and in this regard
does not expressly preclude the order issued pursuant to the provision from
taking the form of a dynamic injunction. This is so long as the actions
required pursuant to the dynamic injunction constitute “reasonable steps to
disable access to the flagrantly infringing online location”. There is no
other provision in the Copyright Act which stipulates the types of orders or
the scope of the orders that may be granted by the court under s 193DDA.
Therefore, in relation to the dynamic injunction, the question was whether the
blocking of additional FQDNs by the defendants, as and when informed by the
plaintiffs of such sites, were “reasonable steps to disable access to the
flagrantly infringing online location” such that the court had the
jurisdiction under s 193DDA of the Copyright Act to issue the injunction.

38 I found that the court has the jurisdiction to issue a dynamic injunction
given that such an injunction constitutes “reasonable steps to disable access
to the flagrantly infringing online location”. This is because the dynamic
injunction does not require the defendants to block additional FIOLs which
have not been included in the main injunction. It only requires the defendants
to block additional domain names, URLs and/or IP addresses that provide access
to the same websites which are the subject of the main injunction and which I
have found constitute FIOLs (see [19] – [29] above). Therefore, the dynamic
injunction merely blocks new means of accessing the same infringing websites,
rather than blocking new infringing websites that have not been included in
the main injunction.

39 In fact, under the dynamic injunction applied for in the present case, the
plaintiffs would be required to show in its affidavit that the new FQDNs
provide access to the same FIOLs which are the subject of the main injunction
before the defendants would be required to block the new FQDNs (see [6]
above). There are technical means of showing that the new FQDNs link to the
same blocked FIOLs. One way to show that a new FQDN links to the same FIOL is
to demonstrate that that the primary domain name for the FIOL has changed,
which is known technically as a “DNS CHANGENAME”. The plaintiffs may also show
that there has been a redirect from a new FQDN to the primary domain name of
the FIOL, or that a primary domain name already blocked now redirects to a new
primary domain name for the same FIOL through a mechanism known as “HTTP 3xx
redirect”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Affidavit of MKYK at para 28–31.

40 Further, while s 193DDC of the Copyright Act provides a mechanism for the
variation of the main injunction, I agreed with the Plaintiffs’ submission 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

PWS at paras 94–98.

that this did not preclude the court from issuing a dynamic injunction in the
original order. Section 193DDC reads:

Variation or revocation of order

193DDC.—(1) The High Court may, on the application of a party to an order made
under section 193DDA(1), vary the order as it thinks just if the High Court is
satisfied that there has been a material change in the circumstances or that
it is otherwise appropriate in the circumstances to do so.

(2) The High Court may, on the application of a party to an order made under
section 193DDA(1), revoke the order if the High Court is satisfied —

(a) upon further evidence, that the order ought not to have been made;

(b) that the online location has ceased to be a flagrantly infringing online
location; or

(c) that it is otherwise appropriate in the circumstances to do so.

(3) In this section, a reference to a party to an order made under section
193DDA(1) includes a reference to the owner of the online location that is the
subject of the order.

Section 193DDC of the Copyright Act appears to me to be a general provision
for variation of orders made under s 193DDA(1) and does not preclude the
making of a dynamic injunction.

(2) Whether the dynamic injunction ought to be granted

41 As with the main injunction, whether or not the dynamic injunction should
be granted required a consideration of the factors stipulated under s 193DB(3)
of the Copyright Act. I found that these factors supported the granting of the
dynamic injunction.

42 In relation to s 193DB(3)(d) of the Copyright Act, ie, the effectiveness of
the proposed order, the dynamic injunction was necessary to ensure that the
main injunction operated effectively to reduce further harm to the plaintiffs.
This is due to the ease and speed at which circumventive measures may be taken
by owners and operators of FIOLs to evade the main injunction, through for
instance changing the primary domain name of the FIOL. Without a continuing
obligation to block additional domain names, URLs and/or IP addresses upon
being informed of such sites, it is unlikely that there would be effective
disabling of access to the 53 FIOLs.

43 I also took into consideration the burden to the defendant network service
providers, the technical feasibility of complying with the dynamic injunction,
any possible adverse effect on the business of the network service providers,
and whether some other comparatively effective order would be less burdensome
(see ss 193DB(3)(b), 193DB(3)(c) 193DB(3)(e) and 193DB(3)(f) of the Copyright
Act respectively). I found that the dynamic injunction would not significantly
increase the burden on the defendants from that already imposed under the main
injunction. In fact, the dynamic injunction could potentially reduce the
burden on the defendants, by obviating the need for them to return to court to
respond to the plaintiffs’ application for variation of the main injunction
each time a new FQDN resolving to the same FIOLs arises.

44 Further, in order to ensure that the interests of the defendant network
service providers are not unduly impinged by the dynamic injunction, I
included a proviso in the order granted, along with the liberty for parties to
apply. Under the proviso, the defendants would not be required to block the
additional FQDNs upon the request of the plaintiffs if they are of the view
that the grounds for disabling access provided by the plaintiffs are
insufficient. Thus, the order that I granted in relation to the dynamic
injunction read:

1\. The Plaintiffs may from time to time notify the Defendants in writing of
Fully Qualified Domain Names ("FQDNs") which include one or more additional
Domain Name(s), URL(s), and/or IP Address(es) via which a FIOL which was
referred to in the Schedule to [the main injunction] is accessible (the
"Additional Domain Name(s), URL(s) and/or IP Address(es)"), and provide an
affidavit to the Defendants and the Court which identifies the Additional
Domain Name(s), URL(s) and/or IP Address(es) and states the reasons the FIOL
accessible from the Additional Domain Name(s), URL(s) or IP Address(es) is the
same FIOL which is identified in the Schedule to [the main injunction] and the
subject of the orders therein. The Defendants shall within 15 working days of
the notification take reasonable steps (as set out at paragraph 1 of [the main
injunction]) to disable access primarily by its residential subscribers and
customers to the FIOL through the Additional Domain Name(s), URL(s) and/or IP
Address(es). Provided that if the Defendants are of the view that the grounds
for disabling access to any of the FQDNs are insufficient, then the Defendants
need not disable access to these FQDNs and shall notify the Plaintiffs of
this, including the reasons therefor, within 15 working days of the receipt of
the affidavit.

2\. The parties shall have liberty to apply.

[emphasis added]

45 In coming to my decision, I had considered the approaches that have been
adopted in the UK and Australia. I noted that the English courts have granted
dynamic injunctions in order to combat online piracy. In Twentieth Century Fox
Film Corporation and others v British Telecommunications plc (No 2) Note
[2012] 1 All ER 869, the applicant right-holders brought an application
against the respondent internet service provider seeking an injunction
pursuant to s 97A of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 (c 48) (UK)
to block the access by the respondent’s subscribers to a copyright infringing
website known as “Newzbin2”. The English High Court granted an order which
included a provision for the applicants to notify the respondent of additional
IP addresses or URLs whose sole or predominant purpose was to enable or
facilitate access to the Newzbin2 website. Arnold J stated at [10]–[12]:

Since the main judgment was delivered, the operators of Newzbin2 have made
available client software which is designed to allow a user to access the
Newzbin2 website independently from, for example, an installed web browser,
and thereby circumvent any block imposed by [the respondent] pursuant to the
order. For this and other reasons, it is common ground that the order should
permit [the applicants] to notify IP addresses and/or URLs to [the respondent]
in future in order for those to be subject to the same blocking measures as
www.newzbin.com.

…

… I do not consider that [the applicants] should be obliged to return to court
for an order in respect of every single IP address or URL that the operators
of Newzbin2 may use. In my view the wording proposed by [the applicants]
strikes the appropriate balance. If there is a dispute between the parties as
to whether the predominant purpose of an IP address or URL is to enable or
facilitate access to Newzbin2, they will be able to apply to the court for a
resolution of the dispute. …

46 Further, in Cartier International AG and others v British Sky Broadcasting
Ltd and others [2017] 1 All ER 700, a decision of the English Court of Appeal,
Kitchin LJ stated at [18]:

An important feature of all of the orders made pursuant to s 97A has been that
they have included a provision for the rightholders to notify additional IP
addresses or URLs to the ISPs in respect of the websites which have been
ordered to be blocked. This has allowed the rightholders to respond to efforts
made by website operators to circumvent the orders by changing their IP
addresses or URLs.

47 On the other hand, the Federal Court of Australia has taken a contrary view
and has required parties to apply to court to vary the original site-blocking
order in response to any circumventive measures taken by operators of FIOLs.
In Roadshow Films Pty Limited v Telstra Corporation Ltd [2016] FCA 1503, the
Federal Court of Australia declined to issue an order sought by the applicants
which would permit them to extend the scope of the main site-blocking order to
include additional domain names, IP addresses and/or URLs without any further
order of court. While the Australian courts have acknowledged that an online
location already ordered to be blocked may be accessed from a new FQDN
subsequent to the order, they have preferred an approach that would require
the court to amend the original order to add these new FQDNs, upon application
by the applicants. Nicholas J stated in this regard at [137]–[138] of Roadshow
Films Pty Limited v Telstra Corporation Ltd [2016] FCA 1503 (see also Roadshow
Films Pty Limited v Telstra Corporation Limited [2018] FCA 582 at pp iv–v,
[13]) :

In my view the respondents’ proposed order 12 is preferable. Whether the terms
of any injunction should be varied to refer to additional Domain Names, IP
addresses or URLs is a matter for the Court to determine in light of evidence.

The applicants submitted that notifications of the kind they propose will not
amount to variations to the injunction because they will be provided for by
the terms of the orders the applicants propose. However, the effect of a
notice given by the applicants under their proposed orders will require the
respondents to block additional Domain Names, URLs or IP Addresses which might
not point to any of the same online locations in relation to which the
injunction was originally granted. If the injunction is to apply to new Domain
Names, URLs or IP addresses, then these are matters which should be dealt with
by way of further order in the manner proposed by the respondents.

48 Nicholas J’s reason as gleaned from the above-quoted passage for declining
to issue a dynamic injunction appears to be that the court should be the
ultimate arbiter and retain the powers to determine if the additional FQDNs
should be blocked. This is presumably to prevent “overblocking”, ie, the
blocking of legitimate sites.

49 However, with respect, this may be an overstated concern in my view. Under
the dynamic injunction granted in the present case, the plaintiffs would be
required to provide evidence to the defendants (and to the court) that the new
FQDNs resolve to the same FIOLs already blocked under the main injunction.
Further, with the proviso included, should there be any dispute as to whether
this is indeed the case, the defendant network service providers may decline
to block the new FQDNs and parties may apply to court for a determination of
the issue. In this regard, the court retains the powers to determine if the
new FQDNs indeed resolve to the same FIOLs and if they should correspondingly
be blocked by the defendant network service providers.

50 Therefore, I respectfully declined to follow the Australian approach and
preferred instead an approach based on that adopted in the UK. A dynamic
injunction provides a practical means of ensuring the continued effectiveness
of the original injunction since it provides an expedited process for the
blocking of additional FQDNs which resolve to the same infringing websites,
where this is undisputed and unchallenged by the defendants. The defendants
and owners of the online locations remain free to challenge the plaintiffs’
attempts to block additional FQDNs under the express terms of the order, and
also pursuant to s 193DDC of the Copyright Act. There are sufficient
safeguards in my view to prevent an abuse of the dynamic injunction by the
plaintiffs. In this regard, I was doubtful that there was anything
significantly more to be gained in terms of safeguard which would justify the
additional time and cost incurred from requiring the plaintiffs to apply to
court to formally vary the main injunction to include additional FQDNs, where
these are not subject to any challenge by the defendants.

Conclusion

51 At the second reading of the Copyright (Amendment) Bill (No 16 of 2014),
the then Senior Minister of State for Law Ms Indranee Rajah, SC explained that
the mechanism under s 193DDA of the Copyright Act seeks to “empower rights
owners to more effectively disable access to sites that flagrantly infringe
copyright” while at the same time ensuring that the framework does not “unduly
impinge upon the rights and interests of other stakeholders, including network
service providers and website owners hosting legitimate content”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

PSBOA at Tab 7, pp 51 and 53.

52 I was of the view that the orders granted would strike an appropriate
balance between the competing interests. In particular, the dynamic injunction
ordered would provide right-holders with a means to more effectively deal with
circumventive measures while at the same time providing a recourse to network
service providers and site-owners should there be a dispute as to whether the
new FQDNs indeed resolve to the same FIOLs blocked under the main injunction.

53 Such an approach was, in my view, consonant with the legislative objective
of s 193DDA of the Copyright Act which is to provide a means of disabling
access to the FIOL, given the nature of online piracy today including the ease
with which circumventive measures may be adopted.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Andy Leck, Lim Ren Jun, Yeo Gek Min and Bay Shen Yang Nigel (Wong & Leow LLC)
for the plaintiffs;  
Chan Kwok Chuan Jason and Nicholas Ong Wei Lun (Amica Law LLC) for the first
and second defendants;  
Chua Yeow Hooi and Sim Guang Hui Emmanuel (Robinson LLC) for the third
defendant;  
Koh Chia Ling and Ong Chin Kiat (OC Queen Street LLC) for the fourth and fifth
defendants;  
Lim Yee Ming and Kok Zi Hao (Kelvin Chia Partnership) for the sixth, seventh
and eighth defendants;  
The ninth defendant unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

