Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 222

Originating Summons No 510 of 2018

(Summons No 2196 of 2018)

In the matter of Order 52 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of an application by the Attorney-General for an order of
committal for contempt of court

And

In the matter of Sections 3(1)(a) and 10(1) of the Administration of Justice
(Protection) Act 2016 (No 19 of 2016)

Between

The Attorney-General  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Wham Kwok Han Jolovan  
---  
  
… Respondent

Originating Summons No 537 of 2018

(Summons No 2192 of 2018)

In the matter of Order 52 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of an application by the Attorney-General for an order of
committal for contempt of court

And

In the matter of Sections 3(1)(a) and 10(1) of the Administration of Justice
(Protection) Act 2016 (No 19 of 2016)

Between

The Attorney-General  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Tan Liang Joo John  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Constitutional Law] — [Fundamental liberties] — [Freedom of speech]

[Contempt of Court] — [Scandalising the court]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Attorney-General

  
v

  
Wham Kwok Han

Jolovan and another matter

[2018] SGHC 222

High Court — Originating Summonses Nos 510 and 537 of 2018 (Summonses Nos 2196
and 2192 of 2018)  
Woo Bih Li J  
17 July 2018

9 October 2018 Judgment reserved.

Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 The Attorney-General (“the AG”) commenced two actions, Originating Summonses
Nos 510 and 537 of 2018 (“OS 510/2018” and “OS 537/2018” respectively). In OS
510/2018, the AG filed Summons No 2196 of 2018 (“SUM 2196/2018”) for Wham Kwok
Han Jolovan (“Wham”) to be punished for contempt of court under s 3(1)(a) of
the Administration of Justice (Protection) Act 2016 (No 19 of 2016) (“the
Act”). Section 3(1)(a) provides for the offence of contempt by scandalising
the court (“scandalising contempt”). In OS 537/2018, the AG filed Summons No
2192 of 2018 (“SUM 2192/2018”) for Tan Liang Joo John (“Tan”) to be punished
for scandalising contempt under the same provision. Wham and Tan are
collectively referred to as “the Respondents”.

2 The Act came into operation on 1 October 2017. The Respondents are the first
individuals against whom proceedings were commenced for scandalising contempt
under s 3(1)(a) of the Act. The conduct alleged to be scandalising contempt
pertain to the Respondents’ respective posts on their Facebook profiles. The
Respondents first raised a constitutional challenge to the validity of s
3(1)(a), in view of their rights to freedom of speech and expression under Art
14(1)(a) of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999
Reprint) (“the Constitution”). The Respondents also denied that they committed
scandalising contempt. In the case of Wham, he also alleged that his post
constitutes fair criticism.

Background

3 On 27 April 2018 at or about 6.30pm, Wham published a post on his Facebook
profile (“Wham’s post”) containing the following statement: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Lai Xue Ying’s 1st affidavit dated 30 April 2018 against Wham (“Lai’s 1st
affidavit-W”) at p 9.

Malaysia’s judges are more independent than Singapore’s for cases with
political implications. Will be interesting to see what happens to this
challenge.

Wham’s post also consisted of a link to an online article titled “Malaysiakini
mounts constitutional challenge against Anti-Fake News Act”. Wham published
his post under the “Public” setting of Facebook’s audience selector. According
to information on Facebook’s online Help Centre, sharing a post under the
“Public” setting means that “anyone including people off of Facebook can see
it”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Lai’s 1st affidavit-W at p 16.

4 On 30 April 2018, the AG filed an application by ex parte OS 510/2018 for
leave to apply for an order of committal against Wham for scandalising
contempt under s 3(1)(a) of the Act in connection with his post. Pursuant to O
52 r 2(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed), the application
was supported by a statement (“the O 52 statement”) which, inter alia, set out
the grounds on which Wham’s committal was sought, and by an affidavit
verifying the facts relied on.

5 On 6 May 2018 at or about 11.05am, Tan published a post on his Facebook
profile (“Tan’s post”) containing the following statement: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Lai Xue Ying’s affidavit dated 7 May 2018 against Tan (“Lai’s affidavit-T”) at
p 8.

By charging Jolovan for scandalising the judiciary, the AGC only confirms what
he said was true.

Tan’s reference to “AGC” was to the Attorney-General’s Chambers (“AGC”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Tan’s affidavit dated 18 June 2018 (“Tan’s affidavit”) at paras 4, 7.

Tan’s reference to “what [Wham] said was true” was to what Wham said in Wham’s
post. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Tan’s affidavit at paras 5, 7.

Tan’s post also consisted of a link to Wham’s Facebook profile. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Lai’s affidavit-T at para 10, p 8.

Like Wham, Tan published his post under the “Public” setting of Facebook’s
audience selector.

6 On 7 May 2018, the AG filed an application by ex parte OS 537/2018 for leave
to apply for an order of committal against Tan for scandalising contempt under
s 3(1)(a) of the Act in connection with his post. Pursuant to O 52 r 2(2) of
the Rules of Court, the application was supported by a statement which, inter
alia, set out the grounds on which Tan’s committal was sought, and by an
affidavit verifying the facts relied on.

7 On 9 May 2018, I heard both OS 510/2018 and OS 537/2018 and granted both
applications for leave. Thereafter, on 11 May 2018, the AG filed SUM 2196/2018
and SUM 2192/2018 for the Respondents to be punished for scandalising contempt
under s 3(1)(a) of the Act.

8 On 17 July 2018, I heard the parties on both summonses and reserved
judgment.

Issues

9 Based on the parties’ submissions, the following issues arise for
determination:

(a) Is s 3(1)(a) of the Act consistent with Art 14(1)(a) of the Constitution
and consequently valid? Art 14(1)(a) refers to a Singapore citizen’s right to
freedom of speech and expression.

(b) If s 3(1)(a) of the Act is consistent with Art 14(1)(a) of the
Constitution:

(i) What are the applicable principles in relation to the offence of
scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a)?

(ii) Did Wham commit scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a) by intentionally
publishing his post?

(iii) Did Tan commit scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a) by intentionally
publishing his post?

10 I will address the issues seriatim.

Constitutional issue

11 The preliminary issue that arises for determination is the constitutional
issue: whether s 3(1)(a) of the Act is consistent with Art 14(1)(a) of the
Constitution and is consequently valid.

Parties’ arguments

12 Section 3(1)(a) of the Act and its accompanying explanation, Explanation 1
to s 3(1), state as follows:

Contempt by scandalising court, interfering with administration of justice,
etc.

3.—(1) Any person who —

(a) scandalises the court by intentionally publishing any matter or doing any
act that —

(i) imputes improper motives to or impugns the integrity, propriety or
impartiality of any court; and

(ii) poses a risk that public confidence in the administration of justice
would be undermined;

…

commits a contempt of court.

Explanation 1.—Fair criticism of a court is not contempt by scandalising the
court within the meaning of subsection (1)(a).

…

[emphasis added in bold]

13 I will call the test in s 3(1)(a)(ii) of the Act, that the contemptuous
conduct poses a risk that public confidence in the administration of justice
would be undermined, the “risk” test.

14 For the “risk” test, the Respondents argued that if such “risk” includes “a
remote or fanciful possibility” that public confidence in the administration
of justice would be undermined, then this provision would violate a Singapore
citizen’s right to freedom of speech and expression under Art 14 of the
Constitution and is therefore void. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at para 5; Tan’s Written Submissions at para 3(b).

Article 4 of the Constitution provides that the Constitution is the supreme
law of Singapore.

15 Prior to this statutory “risk” test in s 3(1)(a)(ii) of the Act, the common
law on scandalising contempt was that the contemptuous conduct must pose a
“real risk” that public confidence in the administration of justice would be
undermined (see Shadrake Alan v Attorney-General [2011] 3 SLR 778 (“Shadrake
Alan (CA)”) at [57]; Au Wai Pang v Attorney-General [2016] 1 SLR 992 (“Au Wai
Pang”) at [18]). I will call this common law test the “real risk” test. The
Respondents argued that the “risk” test in s 3(1)(a)(ii) has no nexus with
maintaining public confidence in the administration of justice. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at para 117.4.

They also submitted that the “real risk” test is “necessary for the offence
[of scandalising contempt] to survive a constitutional right to freedom of
speech”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at para 119.

16 On the other hand, the AG submitted that the Respondents’ constitutional
challenge to the validity of s 3(1)(a)(ii) of the Act should be dismissed. The
AG submitted that this provision is a legislative overruling of the “real
risk” test at common law for scandalising contempt and its enactment was a
valid exercise of legislative power. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AG’s Further Written Submissions against Wham (“AG’s FWS-W”) at para 14; AG’s
Further Written Submissions against Tan (“AG’s FWS-T”) at para 14.

The AG submitted that the provision is a permissible restriction under Art
14(2)(a) of the Constitution. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AG’s FWS-W at para 7; AG’s FWS-T at para 7.

Analysis

17 The relevant constitutional provisions that pertain to a Singapore
citizen’s right to freedom of speech and expression are found in Arts 14(1)(a)
and 14(2)(a) of the Constitution. These provisions state as follows:

Freedom of speech, assembly and association

14.—(1) Subject to clauses (2) and (3) —

(a) every citizen of Singapore has the right to freedom of speech and
expression;

…

(2) Parliament may by law impose —

(a) on the rights conferred by clause (1)(a), such restrictions as it
considers necessary or expedient in the interest of the security of Singapore
or any part thereof, friendly relations with other countries, public order or
morality and restrictions designed to protect the privileges of Parliament or
to provide against contempt of court, defamation or incitement to any offence;

…

[emphasis added]

18 In the preceding paragraph, I italicised the applicable clause for
Parliament to impose restrictions on a Singapore citizen’s right to freedom of
speech and expression in the context of providing against contempt of court.
Under Art 14(2)(a), “Parliament may by law impose on the rights conferred by
clause (1)(a) … restrictions designed … to provide against contempt of court”.
Since s 3(1)(a) of the Act which provides for the offence of scandalising
contempt is such a restriction designed to provide against contempt of court,
I find that s 3(1)(a) is consistent with Art 14(1)(a) of the Constitution and
is consequently valid.

19 This finding is supported by V K Rajah J’s interpretation of Art 14(2) of
the Constitution in Chee Siok Chin and others v Minister for Home Affairs and
another [2006] 1 SLR(R) 582 (“Chee Siok Chin”), which the AG and the
Respondents submitted as relevant in determining the constitutional issue. In
Chee Siok Chin at [49], Rajah J said:

… The court’s sole task, when a constitutional challenge is advanced, is to
ascertain whether an impugned law is within the purview of any of the
permissible restrictions. … All that needs to be established is a nexus
between the object of the impugned law and one of the permissible subjects
stipulated in Art 14(2) of the Constitution. … A generous and not a pedantic
interpretation should be adopted; see also s 9A of the Interpretation Act (Cap
1, 2002 Rev Ed) … and Constitutional Reference No 1 of 1995 [1995] 1 SLR(R)
803. The presumption of legislative constitutionality will not be lightly
displaced.

20 The issue before the High Court in Chee Siok Chin was whether the
Miscellaneous Offences (Public Order and Nuisance) Act (Cap 184, 1997 Rev Ed)
(“MOA”) was consistent with Art 14 of the Constitution. As the MOA restricts
the rights to freedom of speech and expression and assembly in the interest of
public order, for the MOA to be validly enacted under Arts 14(2)(a) and
14(2)(b) of the Constitution, Parliament had to consider that the MOA is a
legislative fetter that is “necessary or expedient in the interest of … public
order”. Rajah J found this to be the case and that the MOA was validly enacted
under the Constitution.

21 Section 3(1)(a) of the Act restricts the right to freedom of speech and
expression on a different basis from the MOA. The object of s 3(1)(a) is to
provide for the offence of scandalising contempt, and “provid[ing] against
contempt of court” is one of the permissible subjects stipulated in Art
14(2)(a) of the Constitution. Unlike restrictions that Parliament may impose
“in the interest of … public order”, for which Parliament must consider them
“necessary or expedient” in this regard, restrictions designed to provide
against contempt of court are not similarly qualified as such under Art
14(2)(a). I reiterate that the presumption of legislative constitutionality
will not be lightly displaced. Since there is a nexus between the object of s
3(1)(a) of the Act and one of the permissible subjects stipulated in Art 14(2)
of the Constitution, s 3(1)(a) was validly enacted under the Constitution.

22 I will also address the Respondents’ argument that the “real risk” test at
common law represented the Art 14 balance that the constitutional framers
carefully struck between the right to freedom of speech and expression and the
protection of public confidence in the administration of justice. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at para 117.2.

The Respondents submitted that the “risk” test in s 3(1)(a)(ii) of the Act is
“an abrupt and sudden departure” from that balance.

23 I am of the view that any change by legislation from the common law must
necessarily be a departure from the common law. Enacting legislation is the
prerogative of the Legislature (see Art 38 of the Constitution). A piece of
legislation which departs from the common law, however abrupt it may appear to
be, cannot per se suggest that the legislation is unconstitutional.

24 Article 14(2)(a) of the Constitution confers on Parliament the power to
impose legislative restrictions on the right to freedom of speech and
expression, to provide against contempt of court. Prior to the Act, s 7(1) of
the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) provided
that “[t]he High Court and the Court of Appeal shall have power to punish for
contempt of court.” Section 7 of the SCJA was repealed by s 45 of the Act when
the Act came into force on 1 October 2017. Before the Act, there was no other
legislative provision governing the offence of scandalising contempt. There
was nothing in Art 14(2)(a) of the Constitution and the SCJA which precluded
the courts from developing the common law on scandalising contempt as they did
(in the context of the law on defamation, see Review Publishing Co Ltd and
another v Lee Hsien Loong and another appeal [2010] 1 SLR 52 (“Review
Publishing”) at [270]).

25 However, Art 14(2)(a) of the Constitution expressly provides that
Parliament has the final say on how the balance should be struck between the
right to freedom of speech and expression and the protection of public
confidence in the administration of justice (see Review Publishing at [270]).
In enacting the Act, Parliament was exercising its legislative power to impose
restrictions on the right to freedom of speech and expression, designed to
provide against contempt of court. In fact, Art 14(1)(a) provides that the
right to freedom of speech and expression is subject to Arts 14(2) and 14(3).
It is within Parliament’s legislative power, and the purpose of Art 14, for
Parliament to decide how the balance should be struck between this
constitutional right and the protection of public confidence in the
administration of justice. Parliament can decide the extent to which this
constitutional right should be restricted.

26 Parliament has decided to enact the “risk” test in s 3(1)(a)(ii) of the Act
to legislatively overrule the “real risk” test at common law for the offence
of scandalising contempt. The result of this is that Parliament has enlarged
the scope of conduct that constitutes scandalising contempt. In determining
when scandalising contempt is committed, the court will now consider what the
applicable principles are under s 3(1)(a). It is the role of the court to
interpret and apply legislative provisions, as the judicial power of Singapore
vests in the Singapore courts (see Art 93 of the Constitution).

27 I add that while s 3(1)(a) of the Act restricts the right to freedom of
speech and expression, fair criticism of a court is allowed. As stated in
Explanation 1 to s 3(1), fair criticism of a court is not scandalising
contempt. The Act also provides other defences that may be raised against
allegations of scandalising contempt. These defences are found in ss 14–19,
and include the defence for when a person makes a report in good faith to a
public authority alleging misconduct or corruption on the part of a judge (s
16). Therefore, it cannot be said that under the Act a Singapore citizen is
completely unable to criticise the courts.

28 In summary, s 3(1)(a) of the Act is consistent with Art 14(1)(a) of the
Constitution and is consequently valid.

Scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a) of the Act

29 Since s 3(1)(a) of the Act is consistent with Art 14(1)(a) of the
Constitution, I proceed to consider the applicable principles in relation to
the offence of scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a) of the Act.

30 The Act states in its Long Title that it is:

[a]n Act to state and consolidate the law of contempt of court for the
protection of the administration of justice, to define the powers of certain
courts in punishing contempt of court and to regulate their procedure in
relation thereto; and to make consequential amendments to certain other Acts.
[emphasis added]

31 The purpose of the Act and specifically s 3(1)(a) to generally state and
consolidate the law of scandalising contempt is confirmed in the parliamentary
debates. During the debates, it was stated that Parliament has “consciously
chosen to stick to the law as developed by the Singapore courts except for the
one change”, which is to statutorily enact the “risk” test in place of the
“real risk” test at common law: Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report (15 August 2016) vol 94 (“Parliamentary Debates”) (K Shanmugam,
Minister for Law). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AG’s BOA against Wham (“AG’s BOA-W”) at Tab 11, pp 36, 39.

As referred to in the explanatory statement relating to the Administration of
Justice (Protection) Bill (Bill 23 of 2016) (“the Bill”), the Court of
Appeal’s decision in Shadrake Alan (CA) ([15] supra) is the seminal case that
Parliament considered when codifying the offence of scandalising contempt in s
3(1)(a). An analysis of the applicable principles under s 3(1)(a) thus
requires both an interpretation of the Act and an understanding of the common
law on scandalising contempt prior to the commencement of the Act.

32 I will discuss the applicable principles in relation to the offence of
scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a) of the Act in the following order:

(a) the mens rea requirement;

(b) the actus reus requirement;

(c) fair criticism; and

(d) the defences.

At the end of this discussion at [78] below, I also provide a summary of the
applicable principles.

33 The Act states that the standard of proof for establishing the offence of
scandalising contempt is that of beyond reasonable doubt (s 28).

Mens rea requirement

34 To be liable for the offence of scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a) of
the Act, the only mens rea that is required is an intention to publish the
contemptuous matter or do the contemptuous act. A person is guilty of
scandalising contempt even if there was no intention to scandalise the court
(s 3(2)). This is a codification of the mens rea requirement at common law
(Shadrake Alan (CA) at [23]).

Actus reus requirement

35 I reproduce the actus reus requirement for the offence of scandalising
contempt as stated in the two limbs of s 3(1)(a) of the Act, ie, ss 3(1)(a)(i)
and 3(1)(a)(ii):

Contempt by scandalising court, interfering with administration of justice,
etc.

3.—(1) Any person who —

(a) scandalises the court by intentionally publishing any matter or doing any
act that —

(i) imputes improper motives to or impugns the integrity, propriety or
impartiality of any court; and

(ii) poses a risk that public confidence in the administration of justice
would be undermined;

…

commits a contempt of court.

…

36 The first limb, ie, s 3(1)(a)(i), governs the scope of conduct that can be
considered as scandalising contempt. The first limb is satisfied when on an
objective interpretation of the conduct in question, such conduct imputes
improper motives to or impugns the integrity, propriety or impartiality of any
court: see Au Wai Pang ([15] supra) at [38]–[48] where the Court of Appeal
determined what the objective reading of the alleged contemptuous article was.

37 The second limb, ie, s 3(1)(a)(ii), is the “risk” test, which Parliament
statutorily enacted in place of the “real risk” test at common law (as noted
at [31] above). The interpretation and application of this second limb were
the main areas of dispute between the parties. I will discuss the parties’
respective submissions as I determine the applicable principles for the “risk”
test. By way of an overview, the parties’ arguments are largely based on the
case law for the “real risk” test at common law, and the arguments are briefly
as follows:

(a) the AG argued for what I will call the “categorical approach” when
applying the “risk” test, that is, the “risk” test in the second limb of s
3(1)(a) is necessarily satisfied as long as the conduct that satisfies the
first limb of s 3(1)(a) is that which impugns the integrity or impartiality of
any court;

(b) the Respondents argued that a “risk” under the “risk” test still cannot be
one that is “a remote or fanciful possibility” that public confidence in the
administration of justice would be undermined; and

(c) the Respondents also argued that the court should adopt a “quantitative
approach” when applying the “risk” test to consider how many individuals in
Singapore are in fact aware of the alleged contemptuous conduct, or the
conduct in question.

Analysis of the “risk” test

38 I will first set out the applicable principles for the “real risk” test at
common law.

39 The seminal case on scandalising contempt at common law is the Court of
Appeal’s decision in Shadrake Alan (CA). As mentioned, this is also the case
Parliament considered when codifying this offence (see the explanatory
statement relating to the Bill). The Court of Appeal summarised the applicable
principles for the “real risk” test in Shadrake Alan (CA) as such at [36]:

… Put simply, the ‘real risk’ test is an adequate formulation in and of itself
and requires no further theoretical elaboration. It is, at bottom, a test that
means precisely what it says: is there a real risk that the impugned statement
has undermined – or might undermine – public confidence in the administration
of justice (here, in Singapore)? In applying this test, the court must avoid
either extreme on the legal spectrum, viz, of either finding that contempt has
been established where there is only a remote or fanciful possibility that
public confidence in the administration of justice is (or might be) undermined
or finding that contempt has been established only in the most serious
situations … In undertaking such an analysis, the court must not substitute
its own subjective view for the view of the average reasonable person as it is
clear that the inquiry must necessarily be an objective one. Much would
depend, in the final analysis, on the precise facts and context in which the
impugned statement is made. [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added
in bold italics]

40 In determining what conduct would be considered as scandalising contempt,
the Court of Appeal’s judicial formulation of the applicable principles for
scandalising contempt at common law did not define the scope of such conduct
as s 3(1)(a)(i) of the Act does (see Au Wai Pang at [17]–[18]). At common law,
all alleged contemptuous conduct had to be assessed to satisfy the “real risk”
test before such conduct could be considered as scandalising contempt.

(1) Categorical approach?

41 I first address the AG’s submission that the court should adopt a
categorical approach when applying the “risk” test in the second limb of s
3(1)(a) of the Act.

42 In Au Wai Pang, the Court of Appeal expressly affirmed its approach to the
law on scandalising contempt as set out in Shadrake Alan (CA) (see Au Wai Pang
at [31]). Before applying the applicable principles for scandalising contempt
in the case before it, the Court of Appeal in Au Wai Pang also made the
following preliminary observation at [37]:

We have set out the above Oath of Office in order to emphasise how vital,
amongst other qualities, the qualities of judicial independence and
impartiality are in the role and function of a judge. Indeed, without judicial
independence and impartiality, the concept of a judiciary in general and the
office of a judge in particular become nothing more than empty shells, shorn
of any meaning whatsoever. Hence, any statement or material which impugns
these qualities and suggests that they have been compromised would necessarily
as well as undoubtedly undermine public confidence in the judiciary; indeed,
this would be an understatement of sorts, given the foundational nature of the
aforementioned qualities. … [emphasis added]

43 The AG relied on the italicised portion in the quote from Au Wai Pang as
set out in the preceding paragraph in arguing for a categorical approach. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

See AG’s Written Submissions against Wham (“AG’s WS-W”) at para 40; AG’s
Written Submissions against Tan (“AG’s WS-T”) at para 23.

The AG argued that as long as the conduct that satisfies the first limb of s
3(1)(a) of the Act is that which impugns the integrity or impartiality of any
court, public confidence in the judiciary would “necessarily as well as
undoubtedly” be undermined. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

See AG’s WS-W at paras 10(b), 40; AG’s WS-T at paras 12(b), 23.

Therefore, the “risk” test in the second limb of s 3(1)(a) is necessarily
satisfied. If, on the other hand, the conduct in question satisfies the first
limb only because it imputes improper motives to or impugns the propriety of
any court instead, such conduct must be separately assessed to satisfy the
“risk” test in the second limb. The AG did not make further submissions on how
the “risk” test would be satisfied for such conduct, because the AG’s case was
that both the Respondents’ conduct impugned the integrity and impartiality of
the Singapore courts. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

O 52 statement against Wham (“O 52-W”) at para 4; O 52 statement against Tan
(“O 52-T”) at para 4.

44 The Respondents argued that such a categorical approach should be rejected,
inter alia, on the basis that ss 3(1)(a)(i) and 3(1)(a)(ii) are presented as
conjunctive requirements in s 3(1)(a). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Notes of Evidence (“NEs”) at p 90 lines 22–31, p 91 lines 1–3.

Therefore, s 3(1)(a)(ii) must necessarily add a further requirement to s
3(1)(a)(i). If the categorical approach was adopted, it would render the “and”
after s 3(1)(a)(i) otiose.

45 I disagree with the AG’s categorical approach. I do not find this position
borne out either on a purposive interpretation of s 3(1)(a) of the Act or from
the Court of Appeal’s decisions in both Shadrake Alan (CA) and Au Wai Pang.

46 First, the actus reus for the offence of scandalising contempt requires
both limbs of s 3(1)(a), ie, ss 3(1)(a)(i) and 3(1)(a)(ii), to be satisfied.
This means that the satisfaction of the first limb does not necessarily mean
that the second limb is also satisfied. The two limbs are connected by way of
the word “and”, and this “conjunctive” requirement was expressly enunciated in
the Parliamentary Debates (K Shanmugam, Minister for Law): 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AG’s BOA-W at Tab 11, p 35.

So, you have got to show that the statements impugned the integrity,
propriety, or impartiality, or imputed improper motives, and you also have to
show that there was a risk that public confidence and the administration of
justice would be impacted. [emphasis added]

47 Neither the terms of the first limb of s 3(1)(a) nor the parliamentary
debates suggest that a distinction is to be drawn between the various conduct
stated in the first limb – conduct impugning the integrity or impartiality of
any court, on the one hand, and other conduct stated in the first limb, on the
other hand. However, it may be that in a particular case, the facts which
satisfy the first limb may make it easier to satisfy the “risk” test in the
second limb.

48 I add that there may well be an overlap between the various conduct stated
in the first limb of s 3(1)(a). For instance, depending on the circumstances,
conduct which imputes improper motives to or impugns the propriety of any
court may well impugn the integrity or impartiality of any court. If indeed
the AG’s submitted categorical approach was correct, the temptation would be
to categorise the conduct of a respondent as one that impugns the integrity or
impartiality of any court so that the “risk” test is necessarily satisfied.
This would render otiose the express conjunctive requirement of the “risk”
test in the second limb of s 3(1)(a).

49 Second, I am of the view that Au Wai Pang at [37] cannot be used to support
the proposition that whenever the conduct in question impugns the integrity or
impartiality of any court, it would necessarily pose a risk that public
confidence in the administration of justice would be undermined. Such a
proposition would have entirely contradicted the Court of Appeal’s view in
Shadrake Alan (CA), where at common law, all conduct had to be assessed to
satisfy the “real risk” test before such conduct could be considered as
scandalising contempt.

50 In Shadrake Alan (CA), the Court of Appeal took great pains to set out that
the “real risk” test was the applicable test vis-à-vis liability for
scandalising contempt in Singapore, and not the “inherent tendency” test or
the “clear and present danger” test (for the discussion and the consequent
rejection of these two latter tests, see Shadrake Alan (CA) at [51]–[57] and
[38]–[49] respectively). Of particular significance is one of the reasons for
the Court of Appeal to eschew the use of the term “inherent tendency”, or in
other words, to reject the “inherent tendency” test. Briefly, the “inherent
tendency” test, as it was first articulated by the High Court in AG v Wain
Barry J and others [1991] 1 SLR(R) 85 (“Wain”), required that the conduct in
question “have the inherent tendency to interfere with the administration of
justice” for it to be considered as scandalising contempt (at [54]). In
rejecting the “inherent tendency” test, the Court of Appeal explained as
follows (Shadrake Alan (CA) at [56]):

… a holistic reading of Wain suggests that the learned judge did not intend to
divorce the [‘inherent tendency’] test from its actual or potential impact on
public confidence in the administration of justice. It is, in fact, axiomatic
that the law in general and the law relating to scandalising contempt in
particular do not – and cannot – operate in a hermetically sealed environment.
That this is the case is clearly illustrated by the actual application of the
law to the facts by the learned judge himself … This must surely be the case
as, in our view, it would be contrary to both logic as well as commonsense for
the “inherent tendency” test – or any test for that matter – to be stated only
at a purely abstract or theoretical level. Indeed, even a theoretical
formulation must have in view the vital sphere of application, having regard
of course to the particular facts and context of the case in which that
formulation is applied. … [emphasis in original]

51 The Court of Appeal in Shadrake Alan (CA) was thus of the view that to
determine if the conduct in question was scandalising contempt, its actual or
potential impact on public confidence in the administration of justice must be
assessed. The categorical approach, which provides that conduct that impugns
the integrity or impartiality of any court would necessarily pose a risk that
public confidence in the administration of justice would be undermined, would
fly in the face of this view. Put bluntly, the categorical approach ignores
the particular facts and context of the case in its application.

52 The Court of Appeal in Au Wai Pang at [31] expressly affirmed its approach
to the law on scandalising contempt as set out in Shadrake Alan (CA).
Accordingly, in the absence of any specific indication to the contrary, I am
of the view that the Court of Appeal in Au Wai Pang was not changing its view
from that in Shadrake Alan (CA), ie, that at common law, all conduct, even
that which impugned the integrity or impartiality of any court, had to be
assessed to satisfy the “real risk” test before such conduct could be
considered as scandalising contempt. I add that Au Wai Pang was a clear case
where the contemptuous article posed a real risk that public confidence in the
administration of justice would be undermined. As the Court of Appeal stated
at [48]:

… This insidious attack on the independence as well as impartiality of the
judiciary goes to the very heart of what the (indeed, any) judiciary stands
for and clearly undermines public confidence in the administration of justice.
[emphasis in original]

53 To summarise, at common law, all conduct had to be assessed to satisfy the
“real risk” test before such conduct could be considered as scandalising
contempt. Even though the test now under s 3(1)(a) of the Act is the “risk”
test, the approach is the same, ie, any conduct, even that which impugns the
integrity or impartiality of any court, still needs to be assessed to satisfy
the “risk” test before such conduct can be considered as scandalising
contempt.

54 Therefore, I find that s 3(1)(a)(ii) of the Act is a discrete limb from s
3(1)(a)(i) and both limbs must be separately satisfied before any conduct
stated in s 3(1)(a)(i) is found to be scandalising contempt.

(2) A remote or fanciful possibility?

55 I next address the Respondents’ submission that even for the “risk” test in
s 3(1)(a)(ii) of the Act, a “risk” still cannot be one that is “a remote or
fanciful possibility” that public confidence in the administration of justice
would be undermined. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at para 62.

This submission was drawn from the “real risk” test at common law where a
“real risk” did not include such a remote or fanciful possibility (Shadrake
Alan (CA) at [36]).

56 As mentioned, Parliament statutorily enacted the “risk” test in s
3(1)(a)(ii) in place of the “real risk” test at common law (Parliamentary
Debates (K Shanmugam, Minister for Law)). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AG’s BOA-W at Tab 11, p 38.

While the Minister also mentioned some illustrations of conduct which meet the
“risk” test (which the Respondents referred to), the Act does not define
precisely what constitutes “risk” under the “risk” test.

57 The “risk” test still requires the conduct in question to pose a risk that
public confidence in the administration of justice would be undermined. In
this regard, I find it helpful to consider Quentin Loh J’s views in the first
instance decision of Attorney-General v Shadrake Alan [2011] 2 SLR 445
(“Shadrake Alan (HC)”) on the question of “real risk” at common law, and the
Court of Appeal’s comments on his views when deciding the appeal in Shadrake
Alan (CA). Loh J commented in Shadrake Alan (HC) at [54]:

… if rants made at a dinner party are shown to have been ignored, I cannot see
that they would pose a real risk to public confidence in the administration of
justice. Another illustration [is that] … where a letter circulated by a
disappointed litigant to the Attorney-General of New South Wales and 13
Registrars of the district courts was found to be in contempt. I am in no
position to assess the situation in Australia or New South Wales. But I am
very certain that, should the same letter be circulated to the Attorney-
General, or the Registry of the Supreme Court or the Subordinate Courts, it
will not pose the slightest risk of undermining public confidence in the
administration of justice. … [emphasis added]

58 To Loh J’s comments, the Court of Appeal remarked in Shadrake Alan (CA) at
[35]:

Finally, we would caution that the illustrations referred to by the Judge,
viz, rants made at a dinner party and a letter circulated by a disappointed
litigant to holders of high public and legal office … cannot admit of only one
correct answer in every case. Much would, in our view, depend on the precise
facts and context in which the impugned statement is made. For instance, we
note that the Judge was careful to qualify his view … that there would be no
contempt in the dinner party rant scenario if the rants “are shown to have
been ignored” … because in such a case there would be no real risk of
undermining public confidence in the administration of justice. The point we
are making here is simply that having regard for the precise facts and context
in which the impugned statement is made is crucial. [emphasis in original]

59 Thus, likewise, to determine if the conduct in question poses a risk that
public confidence in the administration of justice would be undermined, much
would depend on the precise facts and context. Loh J commented that in
Singapore, a disappointed litigant’s letter to holders of high public and
legal office “will not pose the slightest risk of undermining public
confidence in the administration of justice” [emphasis added]. I understand
this to mean that such a letter would not have satisfied the “risk” test in s
3(1)(a)(ii) of the Act too because the public in general would presumably not
have been privy to the letter, and those who were privy to it would have been
more discerning.

60 I also find instructive the following statements by the Court of Appeal in
Shadrake Alan (CA) at [29] and [36], where the Court of Appeal was cognisant
of and warned against:

29 … the very real danger of semantic analysis trumping practical factual
considerations. The difficulty in seeking to elaborate on this particular test
[ie, the ‘real risk’ test] in the abstract is obvious once we recognise that
the test cannot be divorced from the factual context of each case (which
inevitably admits of innumerable permutations). … Our simple point, however,
is that, in this instance at least, seeking to elaborate upon a legal test
whose efficacy is to be demonstrated more in its application rather than its
theoretical elaboration is, with respect, perhaps an approach that should be
avoided. The fact of the matter is that the great strength of the ‘real risk’
test lies, inter alia, in its practical robustness. …

…

36 … Put simply, the ‘real risk’ test is an adequate formulation in and of
itself and requires no further theoretical elaboration. It is, at bottom, a
test that means precisely what it says: is there a real risk that the impugned
statement has undermined – or might undermine – public confidence in the
administration of justice (here, in Singapore)? … In undertaking such an
analysis, the court must not substitute its own subjective view for the view
of the average reasonable person as it is clear that the inquiry must
necessarily be an objective one. Much would depend, in the final analysis, on
the precise facts and context in which the impugned statement is made.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

61 I am thus of the view that it is not helpful to discuss whether a “risk”
under the “risk” test includes “a remote or fanciful possibility” that public
confidence in the administration of justice would be undermined. I similarly
find that the statutory “risk” test is an adequate formulation in and of
itself and requires no further theoretical elaboration. To promote the purpose
underlying the “risk” test in s 3(1)(a)(ii) of the Act, the question is
simply: does the conduct in question pose a risk that public confidence in the
administration of justice would be undermined? This question needs to be
answered objectively from the view of the average reasonable person, and much
would depend on the precise facts and context.

(3) Quantitative approach?

62 I now address the Respondents’ submission that the court should adopt a
quantitative approach when applying the “risk” test in s 3(1)(a)(ii) of the
Act. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at para 71.

Specifically, they argued that the quantitative approach should be applied to
consider how many individuals in Singapore are in fact aware of the alleged
contemptuous conduct, such that there is a risk that public confidence in the
administration of justice would be undermined. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at para 74.

The Respondents claimed that the Court of Appeal in Shadrake Alan (CA) at [35]
had considered a quantitative approach when discussing how there would be no
contempt in the dinner party rant scenario if the rants were shown to have
been ignored (see [58] above). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at para 72.

The Respondents also claimed that Parliament had demonstrated the use of a
quantitative approach when giving the example of how publishing a Facebook
post when “you are the Prime Minister with a million followers and everybody
reads what you say” may pose a real risk of prejudicing court proceedings
under s 3(1)(b) of the Act (Parliamentary Debates (K Shanmugam, Minister for
Law)). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AG’s BOA-W at Tab 11, p 89; Wham’s Written Submissions at para 73.

Section 3(1)(b) provides for the offence of sub judice contempt.

63 It seems to me that a “risk” concerns, generally, an outcome that may arise
in the future, including the very immediate future. This outcome may also not
arise. In Shadrake Alan (CA), the Court of Appeal stated the “real risk” test
as such: “is there a real risk that the impugned statement has undermined – or
might undermine – public confidence in the administration of justice (here, in
Singapore)?” [emphasis added] (at [36]). The statutory “risk” test in s
3(1)(a)(ii) of the Act is similarly a question of whether such public
confidence has been undermined or might be undermined, ie, whether this
outcome might arise in the future. The offence of scandalising contempt can
thus be made out even if the conduct in question has not in fact resulted in
such public confidence being undermined.

64 As such, I disagree that the court needs to consider how many individuals
in Singapore are aware of the conduct in question before it can consider
whether the “risk” test is satisfied. The consequences following such conduct,
like how many individuals in Singapore are in fact aware of it, are not
necessarily determinative of both the presence and the extent of the risk that
public confidence in the administration of justice would be undermined. The
Court of Appeal in Shadrake Alan (CA) did not require that the court adopt any
quantitative approach when applying the “real risk” test at common law, and
neither did Parliament for the “risk” test in s 3(1)(a)(ii) of the Act. On the
other hand, if it is established that in fact many individuals in Singapore
are aware of the conduct in question, that fact may assist to establish the
existence of the “risk” for the “risk” test. I also add that since the “risk”
test involves a careful consideration of the precise facts and context of the
conduct in question, it would almost always be relevant to consider the
audience of the alleged contemnor for the conduct in question. This would
include consideration of the general size of such audience. I caution that
unlike the quantitative approach, consideration of the general size of such
audience does not require an accounting exercise of the number of individuals
in Singapore who are, or may be, aware of the conduct in question.

Fair criticism

65 I move on to discuss the concept of fair criticism. Explanation 1 to s 3(1)
of the Act states:

Explanation 1.—Fair criticism of a court is not contempt by scandalising the
court within the meaning of subsection (1)(a).

66 Thus, under the Act, the court must also find that the conduct in question
does not constitute fair criticism before the court can find such conduct to
be scandalising contempt. This has to be proven beyond reasonable doubt (see
Au Wai Pang at [18]; Shadrake Alan (CA) at [78]). The explanatory statement
relating to the Bill explained that enacting Explanation 1 to s 3(1) was in
accordance with the “provisional view” in Shadrake Alan (CA) with regard to
the characterisation of the concept of fair criticism, and so Part 4 of the
Act does not provide for a separate defence of fair criticism (the Bill at pp
40, 44; see also Shadrake Alan (CA) at [80], [86]).

67 Apart from following the “provisional view” in Shadrake Alan (CA),
Explanation 1 to s 3(1) codifies the concept of fair criticism at common law.
At common law, conduct that satisfied the “real risk” test was not
scandalising contempt if it constituted fair criticism (Au Wai Pang at
[17]–[18], [30] affirming the applicable principles for scandalising contempt
that were laid down in Shadrake Alan (CA)). Likewise, under the Act, conduct
that satisfies the requirements in ss 3(1)(a)(i) and 3(1)(a)(ii), which
include the “risk” test, is not scandalising contempt if it constitutes fair
criticism of a court. The structure of s 3(1)(a) is such that the concept of
fair criticism is separately provided for after ss 3(1)(a)(i) and 3(1)(a)(ii),
under Explanation 1. There was no dispute between the parties on the
applicable principles for fair criticism. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AG’s WS-W at paras 6, 8; Wham’s Written Submissions at para 87.

68 I will elaborate on the point that conduct which satisfies the two limbs of
s 3(1)(a) is not scandalising contempt if it constitutes fair criticism of a
court.

69 In Shadrake Alan (CA), the Court of Appeal stated at [86] that to apply the
concept of fair criticism at common law, the key question was:

… does the impugned statement constitute fair criticism, or does it go on to
cross the legal line by posing a real risk of undermining public confidence in
the administration of justice – in which case it would constitute contempt
instead?

This passage may give the impression that if the conduct in question
constitutes fair criticism, it will not pose a real risk of undermining public
confidence in the administration of justice.

70 It is also not clear from this passage whether, assuming that the conduct
in question impugns, say, the impartiality of a court, and does not constitute
fair criticism, this means that such conduct necessarily poses a real risk
that public confidence in the administration of justice would be undermined or
that the court has to go on to consider whether that real risk has been
established (at common law). In Gary K Y Chan, “Contempt of Court and Fair
Criticism in Singapore: Shadrake Alan v Attorney General [2011] SGCA 26”
(2011) 11(2) Oxford University Commonwealth Law Journal 197 at p 206, the
author appeared to assume the latter.

71 I am of the view that the above passage from Shadrake Alan (CA) should not
be read to view “fair criticism” and “real risk” as being two sides of the
same coin. Likewise, “fair criticism” and “risk” under s 3(1)(a) of the Act
are not two sides of the same coin. After all, the Court of Appeal in Shadrake
Alan (CA) had explained at [78] that if the court must find that the conduct
in question does not constitute fair criticism before it can find such conduct
to be scandalising contempt:

… The legal burden … would be on the [AG] to prove beyond a reasonable doubt
that the impugned statement does not constitute fair criticism, and that it
presents a real risk of undermining public confidence in the administration of
justice. … [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

In applying the principles for fair criticism in the case before it, the Court
of Appeal also demonstrated that conduct that satisfied the “real risk” test
could nevertheless constitute fair criticism and not be scandalising contempt.
For instance, the Court of Appeal had found that “the 13th statement”
satisfied the “real risk” test for stating that the judiciary was compliant
and not independent. The Court of Appeal then proceeded to assess if that
statement constituted fair criticism and would thus not be scandalising
contempt (at [136]–[139]).

72 The applicable principles for determining whether the conduct in question
constitutes fair criticism can be found in Shadrake Alan (CA) and Au Wai Pang.
Shadrake Alan (CA) at [82] had also affirmed the High Court’s analysis in this
regard in Attorney-General v Tan Liang Joo John and others [2009] 2 SLR(R)
1132 (“Tan Liang Joo John”).

73 Fair criticism is criticism that is made in good faith and is respectful
(Tan Liang Joo John at [15]; Au Wai Pang at [30]). It must, “at the very
threshold”, be premised on objective facts and on a rational basis (Au Wai
Pang at [34]). The court must determine on an objective analysis of the
precise facts and context whether the conduct in question constitutes fair
criticism (Au Wai Pang at [34]). For this analysis, the court can take into
account a wide range of factors, which include (see Tan Liang Joo John at
[16], [18], [20]):

(a) the extent to which the criticism is supported by argument and evidence;

(b) the manner in which the criticism is made, which must generally be
temperate and dispassionate;

(c) the party’s attitude in court; and

(d) the number of instances of contemning conduct.

74 I reiterate that the issue of whether the conduct in question constitutes
fair criticism is separate from that of whether the conduct satisfies the
“risk” test under s 3(1)(a) of the Act. While there may be an overlap between
the relevant facts used to determine both these issues, their respective
analyses are quite different. Take for example a hypothetical where a person
publishes an article in the local newspaper ranking Singapore 200th out of 200
countries in terms of judicial independence. Assume for the purposes of this
hypothetical that the person publishes his article in good faith and is
respectful. He elaborates in the article how this ranking was derived, and the
court finds that the article is based on some reasonable criteria. Still, such
a newspaper article may be considered to be impugning the impartiality of the
Singapore courts and also posing a risk that public confidence in the
administration of justice would be undermined, ie, the article satisfies the
“risk” test. However, a court may also conclude that such an article
constitutes fair criticism of the courts and is not scandalising contempt.

75 Consider now a different hypothetical where a disgruntled litigant tells
only his roommate, assertively and without any reason, that Singapore is
ranked 200th out of 200 countries in terms of judicial independence. Assume
that the person makes this bare assertion in bad faith. While the assertion
impugns the impartiality of the Singapore courts, it is likely that this
assertion does not pose a risk that public confidence in the administration of
justice would be undermined, ie, it is unlikely that this assertion satisfies
the “risk” test, even though such an assertion does not constitute fair
criticism of the courts.

76 In setting out these two hypotheticals, I have used the audience of the
alleged contemnor for the conduct in question as a variable in considering
whether the conduct satisfies the “risk” test. It is needless to say that the
alleged contemnor’s audience is not a determinative factor of whether the
“risk” test is satisfied, and much would depend on the precise facts and
context. I have provided these hypotheticals only to illustrate in an obvious
manner how the analyses and considerations for fair criticism and the “risk”
test can be very different.

Defences

77 The Act provides in ss 14–19 for defences that may be raised such that a
person will not be guilty of scandalising contempt. All defences at common law
to scandalising contempt which are not contained in the Act are repealed (s
8(2)). As mentioned, fair criticism is not a defence to the offence of
scandalising concept, but the court must find that the conduct in question
does not constitute fair criticism before it can find that such conduct is
scandalising contempt. As the Respondents did not raise any of these defences
in the Act for their respective cases, I will not discuss them further.

Summary of the applicable principles

78 In summary, the following are the applicable principles in relation to the
offence of scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a) of the Act:

(a) The standard of proof for establishing the offence of scandalising
contempt is that of beyond reasonable doubt (s 28).

(b) The mens rea required is an intention to publish the contemptuous matter
or do the contemptuous act. A person is guilty of scandalising contempt even
if there was no intention to scandalise the court (s 3(2)).

(c) The actus reus required is first that on an objective interpretation of
the conduct in question, the conduct must impute improper motives to or impugn
the integrity, propriety or impartiality of any court (as set out in the first
limb of s 3(1)(a)). Second, the conduct must be objectively assessed to pose a
risk that public confidence in the administration of justice would be
undermined (as set out in the second limb of s 3(1)(a)). Such risk is to be
considered in the light of the precise facts and context and from the view of
the average reasonable person. This “risk” test is an adequate formulation in
and of itself and requires no further theoretical elaboration. The court must
be satisfied beyond reasonable doubt of the risk that public confidence in the
administration of justice would be undermined. It is not necessary to
establish that the conduct in question has in fact resulted in such public
confidence being undermined.

(d) Fair criticism of a court is not scandalising contempt (Explanation 1 to s
3(1)). Fair criticism is criticism that is made in good faith and is
respectful, and must, at the very threshold, be premised on objective facts
and on a rational basis. Whether the conduct in question constitutes fair
criticism must be determined on an objective analysis of the precise facts and
context. The offence of scandalising contempt requires that the conduct has to
be proven beyond reasonable doubt not to constitute fair criticism.

(e) The Act provides in ss 14–19 for defences that may be raised such that a
person will not be guilty of scandalising contempt.

Whether Wham committed scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a) of the Act

79 Having stated the applicable principles in relation to the offence of
scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a) of the Act, I turn first to consider
whether Wham committed scandalising contempt.

80 The mens rea requirement is satisfied. It was undisputed that Wham
intentionally published his post on his Facebook profile. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Wham’s affidavit dated 14 June 2018 (“Wham’s affidavit”) at para 12.

Parties’ arguments

81 The AG submitted that Wham’s post impugns the integrity and impartiality of
the Singapore courts, and poses a risk that public confidence in the
administration of justice in Singapore would be undermined. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AG’s WS-W at para 2.

The AG submitted that Wham’s post “alleges” that the Singapore courts lack
integrity and are not impartial in the discharge of judicial duties in cases
in which the Singapore government or political office holders are litigants,
and decide such cases in favour of them regardless of the merits. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

O 52-W at para 4.

The AG argued that the average reasonable person would read Wham’s post as
such. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AG’s WS-W at paras 17, 20.

In line with the AG’s submitted categorical approach, the AG contended that
since Wham’s post impugns the integrity and impartiality of the Singapore
courts, the “risk” test is necessarily satisfied (see [43] above). 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AG’s WS-W at para 40.

Alternatively, the AG submitted at the hearing that the “risk” test is
satisfied because Wham’s post is published to the world at large via the
Internet. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NEs at p 32 lines 7–10.

Further, the AG submitted that Wham’s post does not constitute fair criticism,
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AG’s WS-W at para 10(c).

because it is unreasoned, unsubstantiated and unsupported by argument and
evidence. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AG’s WS-W at paras 44, 46.

82 On the other hand, Wham first submitted that his post does not impugn the
integrity and impartiality of the Singapore judiciary. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at para 54.

He submitted that there is no plausible way of reading his post to conclude
that it is alleging, or stating affirmatively, that the Singapore courts lack
integrity and are not impartial in the discharge of judicial duties in cases
in which the Singapore government or political office holders are litigants.
35

##### Foot Note 35

×

See Wham’s Written Submissions at paras 45–46.

Wham made the point that the AG in the O 52 statement used the verb “allege”
(as quoted in [81] above), meaning to “claim or assert without proof”, in
contradistinction to the verbs “imply” and “insinuate”, meaning to suggest
“without being direct”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at para 43.

Wham submitted instead that his post presupposes that the judiciaries in both
Singapore and Malaysia are independent when adjudicating cases with political
implications. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at paras 47–48.

He argued that in its plain and ordinary meaning, his post merely states that
the judiciary of Malaysia has greater qualities of independence when
adjudicating such cases. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at para 46.

83 Next, Wham submitted that the “risk” test is not satisfied in relation to
his post. First, he emphasised that the average reasonable person would not
view his post as alleging that the Singapore courts lack integrity and are not
impartial in the discharge of judicial duties in cases with political
implications. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at para 68.

Second, Wham submitted that the average reasonable person is unlikely to take
his post with a degree of seriousness. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at para 69.

While he may be a social activist, Wham argued that he has never held himself
out as a professional journalist, blogger, commentator or investigative
journalist. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at para 70.

Wham also argued that his post is on his personal Facebook profile, which
contains a blend of posts pertaining to trivial and light-hearted matters. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at para 70.

Third, Wham submitted that the AG neither adduced evidence as to how many
individuals in Singapore have viewed his post, nor proved beyond reasonable
doubt the possibility that individuals in Singapore may even view his post. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at para 78.

In line with his submitted quantitative approach (see [62] above), Wham also
argued that only 33 people reacted to his post as at 13 June 2018, and this is
a negligible fraction of Singapore’s population size. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at para 84; Wham’s affidavit at p 32.

84 Wham further submitted that his post constitutes fair criticism. He argued
that the tone of his post is respectful, balanced, temperate and
dispassionate. Wham submitted that he published his post in good faith,
intending to compare the judicial philosophies of the courts in Singapore and
Malaysia. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at para 92.

He also submitted that he genuinely believed in the truth of his post, which
he argued is supported by actual case examples and literature on the concept
of judicial independence. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at para 103.

Decision

85 I reproduce the statement in Wham’s post (see [3] above):

Malaysia’s judges are more independent than Singapore’s for cases with
political implications. Will be interesting to see what happens to this
challenge.

Section 3(1)(a)(i) of the Act

86 I am of the view that on an objective interpretation of Wham’s post, Wham’s
post impugns the integrity and impartiality of Singapore’s judges, and thus
the Singapore courts. I accept the AG’s submission that Wham’s post “alleges”
that the Singapore courts lack integrity and are not impartial in the
discharge of judicial duties in cases in which the Singapore government or
political office holders are litigants, and decide such cases in favour of
them regardless of the merits. I add that at the hearing, I asked counsel for
the AG whether the scope of the “cases” referred to in Wham’s post could be
wider since “cases with political implications” could also include cases in
which neither the Singapore government nor political office holders are
litigants. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NEs at p 22 lines 6–18.

Counsel for the AG submitted that while this could be the case, the AG was
giving Wham the most favourable interpretation for his post with the AG’s
submitted interpretation.

87 I find no issue with the AG’s use of the verb “allege” in the AG’s
submitted interpretation of Wham’s post in the O 52 statement. An allegation
may be direct or indirect, being made by way of an express view or by way of
an insinuation (see Au Wai Pang at [48]). The AG’s submitted interpretation
was thus that Wham’s post alleges, directly or indirectly, that the Singapore
courts lack integrity and are not impartial in the discharge of judicial
duties in cases in which the Singapore government or political office holders
are litigants.

88 I disagree with Wham’s submission that the statement in his post that
“Malaysia’s judges are more independent than Singapore’s for cases with
political implications” [emphasis added] means that Singapore’s judges are
independent when adjudicating such cases but Malaysia’s judges are more
independent. By Wham’s own submission, in linking to an online article titled
“Malaysiakini mounts constitutional challenge against Anti-Fake News Act”,
Wham’s post suggests that such a constitutional challenge has a better chance
of success in Malaysia than in Singapore because of “the environment in
Malaysia”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NEs at p 59 lines 18–20.

Wham’s post means that Singapore’s judges are more inclined to agree with the
Singapore government’s position as they are less independent than Malaysia’s
judges, ie, Singapore’s judges are not completely independent and are partial
to the government. Wham’s post thus expressly impugns the impartiality of
Singapore’s judges, and thus the Singapore courts. In impugning the
impartiality of the Singapore courts, Wham’s post also impugns the integrity
of the Singapore courts in this case since judges who are not impartial when
adjudicating cases with political implications are not adjudicating such cases
with integrity. As mentioned at [48] above, there can be an overlap between
the various conduct stated in the first limb of s 3(1)(a) of the Act.

89 I find that the first limb of the actus reus of scandalising contempt in s
3(1)(a)(i) of the Act is satisfied in relation to Wham’s post.

Section 3(1)(a)(ii) of the Act: the “risk” test

90 I turn to consider whether the “risk” test is satisfied, ie, whether Wham’s
post poses a risk that public confidence in the administration of justice
would be undermined, in the light of the precise facts and context and from
the view of the average reasonable person. To recapitulate, I have rejected
both the AG’s submitted categorical approach and the Respondents’ submitted
quantitative approach (see [54] and [64] above respectively).

91 The average reasonable person is not likely to interpret Wham’s post to
mean that both Malaysia’s judges and Singapore’s judges are independent when
adjudicating cases with political implications but Malaysia’s judges are more
independent in this regard. Instead, I find that the average reasonable person
would interpret Wham’s post to mean that Singapore’s judges lack complete
independence when adjudicating such cases, and are thus not impartial. The
average reasonable person would perceive this to be the point that Wham was
making.

92 When Wham’s post was published on Wham’s Facebook profile on 27 April 2018,
there were 7,177 Facebook users “following” his Facebook profile, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Lai’s 1st affidavit-W at para 5.

some of whom stated in their Facebook profiles that they were living in
Singapore. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Lai Xue Ying’s 2nd affidavit dated 28 June 2018 against Wham at para 8.

These users following Wham’s Facebook profile may see updates from his
Facebook profile in their Facebook “News Feed”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Lai’s 1st affidavit-W at p 19.

93 More than that, being published under the “Public” setting of Facebook’s
audience selector, Wham’s post is published publicly online such that “anyone
including people off of Facebook can see it” (see [3] above). The audience for
Wham’s post is the public at large since it can be viewed by anyone with
Internet access. Therefore, I am of the view that Wham’s post poses a risk
that public confidence in the administration of justice would be undermined
regardless of whether 33 or more people have in fact responded to his post.
Indeed, the number of people who responded to his post does not say how many
people in fact read his post. Furthermore, as discussed at [64] above, even if
it can be shown that so far a limited number of people read Wham’s post, that
does not mean that the “risk” test is not satisfied. The court must be
satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that Wham’s post poses a risk that public
confidence in the administration of justice would be undermined. It is not
necessary to establish that Wham’s post has in fact resulted in such public
confidence being undermined.

94 Even if Wham did not hold himself out as a professional commentator or an
investigative journalist and thus the risk of his post undermining public
confidence in the administration of justice may be less, this does not help
him on the issue of liability.

95 In the light of the precise facts and context as discussed in the preceding
paragraphs, I find that Wham’s post poses a risk that public confidence in the
administration of justice would be undermined. The “risk” test in s
3(1)(a)(ii) of the Act (the second limb of the actus reus of scandalising
contempt) is satisfied.

Explanation 1 to s 3(1) of the Act: fair criticism

96 The final question is then whether Wham’s post constitutes fair criticism.
Wham’s post contains a bare statement impugning the integrity and impartiality
of Singapore’s judges. The link in Wham’s post pertaining to a constitutional
challenge in Malaysia also does not discuss Singapore’s judges. The bare
statement in Wham’s post does not demonstrate how Wham was comparing the
judicial philosophies of the courts in Singapore and Malaysia, which he
submitted to be his intention. While Wham might argue that his post is
supported by actual case examples and literature on the concept of judicial
independence, Wham’s post in and of itself is not supported by argument and
evidence.

97 Fair criticism must, at the very threshold, be premised on objective facts
and on a rational basis. Wham submitted that his basis for asserting that
“Malaysia’s judges are more independent than Singapore’s for cases with
political implications” was, as found in his affidavit: 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at para 99; Wham’s affidavit at para 26.

… From my understanding, the Malaysian courts tend to make rulings against the
executive and/or legislative branches of the Malaysian government more often
than do Singapore courts of the same branches of the Singapore government. …

Wham submitted that this understanding was in turn based on “his knowledge of
at least three specific case examples where the Malaysian judiciary had
adopted a less conservative approach (against the government) than their
counterparts in Singapore” [emphasis added]. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at para 95.

Wham sought to contrast three Malaysian cases with three Singapore cases to
prove his point. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at paras 96–98.

On the other hand, the AG submitted, inter alia, that those Malaysian cases
were decided in different contexts and involved different legal provisions
from the respective Singapore cases with which they were compared. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

AG’s WS-W at para 38.

The AG argued that those Malaysian cases and Singapore cases thus could not
reasonably have led Wham to conclude that the courts tend to rule against the
government more often in Malaysia than in Singapore.

98 It is not clear whether Wham did in fact have those three Malaysian cases
and those three Singapore cases in mind when he published his post. As already
mentioned, his post contains a bare statement impugning the integrity and
impartiality of Singapore’s judges. There is no mention in his post that he
had compared cases decided in Malaysia with cases decided in Singapore. Wham’s
explanation that his post was based on those cases could be a self-serving
one, made after his post was already published.

99 In any event, I find that Wham’s post has no rational basis if it was
indeed based on the comparison of three Malaysian cases and three Singapore
cases. Wham was not asking if Malaysia’s judges are more independent than
Singapore’s judges for cases with political implications. He was making a
general assertion as such in his post. If Wham is to be believed, his
assertion was based simply on a comparison between three Malaysian cases and
three Singapore cases. I find this insufficient to support his alleged
understanding that the courts tend to rule against the government more often
in Malaysia than in Singapore.

100 Further, I find that there is no rational basis for comparing those three
Malaysian cases with those three Singapore cases, as Wham submitted, to allege
that the courts tend to rule against the government more often in Malaysia
than in Singapore. Wham sought to contrast the Malaysian case of Semenyih Jaya
Sdn Bhd v Pentadbir Tanah Daerah Hulu Langat and another case [2017] 3 MLJ 561
(“Semenyih Jaya”) with the Singapore case of Prabagaran a/l Srivijayan v
Public Prosecutor and other matters [2017] 1 SLR 173 (“Prabagaran”). 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

See Wham’s affidavit at para 23(c); NEs at p 122 lines 24–25.

Semenyih Jaya was discussing, inter alia, the constitutionality of s 40D of
the Land Acquisition Act 1960 (Act 486) (M’sia) which empowers assessors
sitting with the judge to make the final determination on the amount of
compensation for the acquisition of land under the Land Acquisition Act 1960.
Prabagaran was discussing, inter alia, the constitutionality of ss 33B(2)(b)
and 33B(4) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) which relate to
the certification by the Public Prosecutor that an accused person has
substantively assisted the Central Narcotics Bureau in disrupting drug
trafficking activities, and the discretion of the court not to impose the
death penalty in certain circumstances. It may be that both cases discussed,
amongst other issues, the judicial power of the courts, but they dealt with
wholly different subject matters and entirely different legislation.

101 Wham also sought to contrast the Malaysian case of YB Teresa Kok Suh Sim v
Menteri Dalam Negeri, Malaysia, YB Dato’ Seri Syed Hamid bin Syed Jaafar Albar
& Ors [2016] 6 MLJ 352 (“Teresa Kok”) with the Singapore case of Chng Suan Tze
v Minister for Home Affairs and others and other appeals [1988] 2 SLR(R) 525
(“Chng Suan Tze”). 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Wham’s affidavit at para 23(b).

Teresa Kok was considering the validity of an arrest and detention made by the
police under s 73(1) of the Internal Security Act 1960 (Act 82) (M’sia) (which
has since been repealed). Chng Suan Tze was considering the legality of
detention orders made by the Minister of Home Affairs under s 8(1) of the
Internal Security Act (Cap 143, 1985 Rev Ed), and not of arrests and
detentions made by the police under the Internal Security Act. These two cases
were comparing legal provisions for different facts. The decision of Teresa
Kok itself distinguished the powers of the Minister when detaining a person
under the Internal Security Act 1960 from those of the police (see Teresa Kok
at [46]). Further, the Singapore Court of Appeal in Chng Suan Tze in fact
discharged the appellants from custody on a technical ground when finding that
the Minister of Home Affairs failed to prove the validity of the detention
orders (see Chng Suan Tze at [39], [41]). This result does not demonstrate
that the courts tend to rule in favour of the government more often in
Singapore than in Malaysia.

102 The third comparison that Wham made was between the Malaysian case of Nik
Nazmi bin Nik Ahmad v Public Prosecutor [2014] 4 MLJ 157 (“Nik Nazmi”) and the
Singapore case of Chee Siok Chin ([19] supra). 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Wham’s affidavit at para 23(a).

Nik Nazmi concerned an organiser who failed to notify the relevant authority
of an assembly within the time required under the Peaceful Assembly Act 2012
(Act 736) (M’sia), while Chee Siok Chin concerned applicants who had been
holding what they described as a “peaceful protest” when they were, inter
alia, ordered by the police to disperse because of such conduct. Both cases
may have generally discussed the constitutional right of assembly, but they
considered vastly different factual matrices and legislative provisions.

103 I am thus of the view that there is also no rational basis for comparing
the three Malaysian cases with the three Singapore cases. Wham’s post thus
cannot constitute fair criticism.

104 Wham’s post is also very unlike the “World Economic Forum Global
Competitiveness Index” which used its survey results to rank 137 countries in
terms of their judicial independence, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Wham’s Written Submissions at paras 93–94; Wham’s affidavit at pp 50–56.

and to which Wham tried to liken his post. Wham was not trying to analyse the
reasons why Malaysia’s judges are “more independent” or perceived to be “more
independent” than Singapore’s judges for cases with political implications, in
the context of some discussion on judicial independence. Wham’s post is based
on a generalisation, which Wham must have known was the case, and he made a
bare statement impugning the integrity and impartiality of Singapore’s judges
without providing any basis for the statement. I find that Wham’s post was not
made in good faith. It does not constitute fair criticism of a court as
provided for in Explanation 1 to s 3(1) of the Act.

105 Therefore, I find that the AG has proven the case against Wham for
scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a) of the Act beyond reasonable doubt.

Whether Tan committed scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a) of the Act

106 I now consider whether Tan committed scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a)
of the Act.

107 The mens rea requirement is satisfied. It was undisputed that Tan
intentionally published his post on his Facebook profile. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Tan’s affidavit at para 6.

Parties’ arguments

108 The AG submitted that Tan’s post impugns the integrity and impartiality of
the Singapore courts, and poses a risk that public confidence in the
administration of justice in Singapore would be undermined. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AG’s WS-T at para 4.

The AG submitted that Tan’s post alleges that there is truth to the allegation
in Wham’s post that the Singapore courts lack integrity and are not impartial
in the discharge of judicial duties in cases in which the Singapore government
or political office holders are litigants, and decide such cases in favour of
them regardless of the merits. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

O 52-T at para 5.

The AG argued that Tan’s post alleges this both (1) directly, through the
words “what [Wham] said was true”, 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

AG’s WS-T at para 17.

and (2) indirectly, by suggesting that the outcome of the AG’s action against
Wham in OS 510/2018 will be a forgone conclusion because the Singapore courts
lack independence and will therefore rule against Wham in favour of the AG. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

AG’s WS-T at para 22.

The AG submitted that the average reasonable person would read Tan’s post as
such. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

AG’s WS-T at paras 20, 22.

The AG also submitted that Tan’s post links to Wham’s Facebook profile on
which Wham’s post remains published, thereby further publicising Wham’s post.
66

##### Foot Note 66

×

O 52-T at para 5.

In line with the AG’s submitted categorical approach, the AG contended that
since Tan’s post impugns the integrity and impartiality of the Singapore
courts, the “risk” test is necessarily satisfied (see [43] above). 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

AG’s WS-T at para 23.

Further, the AG submitted that Tan’s post does not constitute fair criticism,
68

##### Foot Note 68

×

AG’s WS-T at para 30.

because it is intemperate and unreasoned. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

AG’s WS-T at para 30.

109 On the other hand, Tan submitted that Wham’s post is not scandalising
contempt, and thus neither is Tan’s post. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Tan’s Written Submissions at para 3(d).

Tan submitted in the alternative that the allegation in his post is directed
at the AG and not the Singapore courts, 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Tan’s Written Submissions at para 26.

and consequently his post does not impugn the integrity and impartiality of
the Singapore courts. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Tan’s Written Submissions at para 27.

Tan argued that a reasonable interpretation of his post, which should be the
interpretation ascribed to it, 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Tan’s Written Submissions at para 28.

is: the AG’s action against Wham in OS 510/2018 was unnecessarily defensive of
the Singapore judiciary and thus the AG “convey[s] to reasonable members of
the public the impression” that what Wham said in Wham’s post is true, 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

See Tan’s Written Submissions at paras 27, 37.

and in other words, “that there is truth to the assertion that the judiciary
is not independent”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Tan’s Written Submissions at para 37.

Following Tan’s interpretation, the AG was “suppress[ing]” Wham’s post through
the AG’s action against Wham. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Tan’s Written Submissions at para 27.

Tan also submitted that his post links to Wham’s Facebook profile and not
directly to Wham’s post, 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Tan’s Written Submissions at para 38.

and so Tan did not further publicise or publish Wham’s post. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Tan’s Written Submissions at paras 3(f), 41.

At the hearing, Tan’s counsel confirmed that Tan was not submitting that his
post constitutes fair criticism. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NEs at p 52 lines 7–19.

Decision

110 I reproduce the statement in Tan’s post (see [5] above):

By charging Jolovan for scandalising the judiciary, the AGC only confirms what
he said was true.

111 I have found that Wham’s post is scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a) of
the Act. I thus reject Tan’s submission that Tan’s post is not scandalising
contempt simply because Wham’s post is not scandalising contempt.

Section 3(1)(a)(i) of the Act

112 To find that Tan’s post is scandalising contempt, Tan’s post must satisfy
the first limb of the actus reus of scandalising contempt in s 3(1)(a)(i) of
the Act on an objective interpretation of the post. In this regard, I first
deal with the AG’s contention that Tan’s post suggests that the outcome of the
AG’s action against Wham in OS 510/2018 will be a forgone conclusion. I do not
accept this submission as I find it a stretch to interpret Tan’s post as such.
I will proceed to consider Tan’s alternative submission that the allegation in
his post is directed at the AGC or the AG, and not the Singapore courts.

113 Tan’s alternative interpretation of his post is that the AG, by the AG’s
action against Wham in OS 510/2018, “convey[s] to reasonable members of the
public the impression” that “there is truth to the assertion that the
judiciary is not independent” [emphasis added] (see [109] above). I note two
things about this interpretation. First, Tan understood Wham to be saying in
Wham’s post that the Singapore judiciary is not independent. Second, Tan also
submitted an interpretation for the word “confirms” as used in his post, “the
AGC only confirms what he said was true”. Tan submitted that “to confirm”
means “to convey to reasonable members of the public an impression”. I
disagree with this submission. In its ordinary meaning, “to confirm” would
mean more than to merely convey an impression. “To confirm” means “[t]o
corroborate, or add support to (a statement, etc.); to make certain, verify,
put beyond doubt” (The Oxford English Dictionary vol III (Clarendon Press, 2nd
Ed, 1989) at p 710).

114 Even if I were to accept Tan’s interpretation for the word “confirms”,
Tan’s post would nevertheless be regarded as impugning the integrity and
impartiality of the Singapore courts. Consider the following hypothetical
involving persons Alex, Bryan, Calvin and Danny. Alex declares to a group of
people, “By overreacting to Bryan’s statement that Calvin is dishonest, Danny
only confirms what Bryan said was true.” In this hypothetical, Alex’s
statement impugns Calvin’s integrity. Alex’s statement is not only about
Danny. It is about Danny, Bryan and Calvin, ie, about Danny’s action, Bryan’s
statement and Calvin’s character.

115 Likewise, even on Tan’s alternative submission that he was only saying
that the AG’s conduct conveys the impression that the Singapore judiciary is
not independent, Tan’s post still impugns the integrity and impartiality of
the Singapore courts. Tan claimed that the allegation in his post is directed
at the AG and not the Singapore courts. However, Tan’s post does not refer
solely to the AG. The words “the AGC only confirms what he said was true” in
Tan’s post are intertwined with and repeat what Wham said in Wham’s post, and
the latter impugns the integrity and impartiality of the Singapore courts.

116 Tan’s post, which refers to the Singapore courts, is quite unlike the
three non-contemptuous statements that Tan tried in his submissions to
analogise his post to. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Tan’s Written Submissions at paras 29–35.

These three statements were referred to in Shadrake Alan (CA) as “the second
statement”, “the third statement” and “the 14th statement”, and the Court of
Appeal found that there was reasonable doubt whether these statements referred
to the Singapore courts.

117 “The second statement” had mentioned how the sentence imposed in question
of “only five years” was “a slap on the wrist which was arranged by the
Singapore government”. Without reference to the courts, “the second statement”
could have referred solely to “how the Singapore government chose to bring
reduced charges” on that occasion (Shadrake Alan (CA) at [104]).

118 “The third statement” had commented on “Singapore’s legal system”, and
could have referred to the system exclusive of the courts (Shadrake Alan (CA)
at [99]).

119 “The 14th statement” could be interpreted to refer solely to the
allegation that “[t]he ruling party in Singapore often sues those who dare
oppose it”, without passing any comment on how the courts handle these cases
(Shadrake Alan (CA) at [142]). “The 14th statement” could thus have referred
solely to executive – as opposed to judicial – action.

120 I find that the message in Tan’s post is: what Wham said in his post is
true, and by commencing proceedings against Wham for scandalising contempt,
the AG confirms this. Since Wham’s post impugns the integrity and impartiality
of the Singapore courts, Tan’s post likewise impugns the integrity and
impartiality of the Singapore courts. Tan may also be criticising the AG for
commencing proceedings against Wham, but this is an additional attack on top
of the attack on the Singapore courts.

121 If Tan may avoid liability for scandalising contempt on the argument that
he was criticising the AG or the AGC only, then in the future, others can
simply adopt a similar course of action to attack the integrity and
impartiality of the Singapore courts.

122 In summary, I find that Tan’s post impugns the integrity and impartiality
of the Singapore courts, and the first limb of the actus reus of scandalising
contempt in s 3(1)(a)(i) of the Act is satisfied.

Section 3(1)(a)(ii) of the Act: the “risk” test

123 I turn to consider whether the “risk” test is satisfied in relation to
Tan’s post. This analysis is similar to that in relation to Wham’s post (see
[90]–[95] above). To recapitulate, I have rejected the AG’s submitted
categorical approach (see [54] above).

124 I find that the average reasonable person would interpret Tan’s post to
mean first that the allegation in Wham’s post that Singapore’s judges are not
impartial when adjudicating cases with political implications is true, and
second that the AG’s action against Wham in OS 510/2018 confirms this. The
average reasonable person would perceive this to be the point that Tan was
making.

125 Like the audience for Wham’s post, the audience for Tan’s post is the
public at large since Tan’s post was published under the “Public” setting of
Facebook’s audience selector and can thus be viewed by anyone with Internet
access. Therefore, Tan’s post poses a risk that public confidence in the
administration of justice would be undermined regardless of how many people
have in fact responded to his post. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Lai’s affidavit-T at p 8.

Again, it is not necessary to establish that Tan’s post has in fact resulted
in such public confidence being undermined.

126 In the light of the precise facts and context, I find that the “risk” test
in s 3(1)(a)(ii) of the Act (the second limb of the actus reus of scandalising
contempt) is satisfied in relation to Tan’s post.

Explanation 1 to s 3(1) of the Act: fair criticism

127 The final question is whether Tan’s post constitutes fair criticism. Even
though Tan himself did not submit that his post constitutes fair criticism,
the offence of scandalising contempt requires that his post has to be proven
beyond reasonable doubt not to constitute fair criticism.

128 Fair criticism must, at the very threshold, be premised on objective facts
and on a rational basis. However, I find that Tan’s post is not premised on
objective facts or on a rational basis. Tan’s post asserts that by commencing
proceedings against Wham for scandalising contempt, the AG only confirms what
Wham said in his post is true, ie, that Singapore’s judges are not impartial
when adjudicating cases with political implications. Insofar as Tan’s post
itself alleges that Singapore’s judges are not impartial when adjudicating
such cases, this allegation is not supported by argument and evidence. Tan’s
post also does not explain why the AG’s action against Wham for scandalising
contempt would necessarily imply that the allegation in Wham’s post is true. I
thus find that Tan’s post was not made in good faith. Tan’s post does not
constitute fair criticism of a court as provided for in Explanation 1 to s
3(1) of the Act.

129 Therefore, I find that the AG has proven the case against Tan for
scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a) of the Act beyond reasonable doubt.

Conclusion

130 For the foregoing reasons, I find that the AG has proven the case against
Wham beyond reasonable doubt and accordingly convict him for scandalising
contempt under s 3(1)(a) of the Act.

131 I also find that the AG has proven the case against Tan beyond reasonable
doubt and accordingly convict him for scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a) of
the Act.

132 I will hear counsel on the sentences for Wham and Tan respectively. I will
also hear counsel on the issue of costs.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge

Ng Yong Kiat, Francis SC, Sheryl Janet George and

Senthilkumaran Sabapathy (Attorney-General’s Chambers

(Criminal Justice Division)) for the applicant;  
Eugene Singarajah Thuraisingam, Suang Wijaya and

Chooi Jing Yen (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) and

Choo Zheng Xi and Priscilla Chia Wen Qi (Peter Low & Choo LLC)

for the respondent in OS 510/2018;  
Eugene Singarajah Thuraisingam, Suang Wijaya and

Chooi Jing Yen (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP)

for the respondent in OS 537/2018.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

