Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 14

Suit No 975 of 2015

Between

Traxiar Drilling Partners II Pte Ltd (in liquidation)  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Dvergsten, Dag Oivind  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Duties]

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Liabilities]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Traxiar Drilling Partners II Pte Ltd (in liquidation)

  

v

  

Dvergsten, Dag Oivind

  

[2018] SGHC 14

High Court — Suit No 975 of 2015  
Aedit Abdullah J  
28 February 2017, 1, 2, 3, 7 March 2017; 12 May 2017

23 January 2018

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 In this case, the liquidators of the plaintiff company (“the Liquidators”)
sought, among other forms of relief, damages arising from the defendant’s
breaches of directors’ duties as well as a declaration that the defendant had
carried on the plaintiff’s business with an intent to defraud creditors under
s 340(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the CA”). Having
considered the submissions and the evidence, I concluded that breach of
directors’ duties was made out, but that the requisite threshold for fraud was
not established. Both the Liquidators and the defendant have appealed against
my decision. I now set out the reasons for my decision.

Background facts

Relevant parties

2 The plaintiff company, Traxiar Drilling Partners II Pte Ltd (“the
Plaintiff”), was incorporated in Singapore by the defendant, Mr Dag Oivind
Dvergsten (“the Defendant”), on 12 April 2013 as a special purpose vehicle. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Seah Chee Wei’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) at para 12;
Defendant’s AEIC at para 21.

At all material times prior to its liquidation, the Defendant was a director
of the Plaintiff. The Defendant was one of two directors of the Plaintiff when
it was first incorporated, and was its sole director from 20 December 2013
until the Plaintiff was wound up on 3 June 2015. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 3.

3 At the time of the Plaintiff’s incorporation, the Plaintiff had an issued
share capital of $1, comprising a single share held by First Marine Holdings
Pte Ltd (“First Marine”), a Singapore-incorporated company. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Seah Chee Wei’s AEIC at para 14; Defendant’s AEIC at para 22.

Subsequently, on or about 22 December 2013, an additional 999 shares were
allotted to various other parties such that the overall shareholding of the
Plaintiff became as follows: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Seah Chee Wei’s AEIC at paras 14 and 16; Defendant’s AEIC at para 73.

(a) First Marine – 21%;

(b) Ms Hege Anfindsen – 3%;

(c) the Defendant – 25%; and

(d) Treatmil Holdings Limited (“Treatmil”), a Cyprus-incorporated entity –
51%.

4 First Marine’s sole shareholder was Dag Dvergsten Pte Ltd (“DDPTE”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Seah Chee Wei’s AEIC at paras 21(a)–(b); Defendant’s AEIC at para 22.

DDPTE was in turn wholly owned by Dag Dvergsten AS (“DDAS”), a Norwegian
company. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Seah Chee Wei’s AEIC at para 21(d); Defendant’s AEIC at para 22.

The Defendant was a director and the sole shareholder of DDAS 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Seah Chee Wei’s AEIC at paras 21(e)–(f); Defendant’s AEIC at para 12.

and was also a director of DDPTE. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Seah Chee Wei’s AEIC at para 21(c); exhibit SCW-3, p 134.

DDAS owned 36.5% of the shares in Treatmil. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Seah Chee Wei’s AEIC at para 19; Defendant’s AEIC at para 15.

Treatmil was the sole shareholder of Atlantic Marine Services Asia Pacific
Limited, which in turn previously owned Atlantic Marine Services Singapore Pte
Ltd (“AMS SG”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 17–18; Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 3.8

The Defendant was also a director of Treatmil. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Seah Chee Wei’s AEIC at para 21(h); Defendant’s AEIC at para 14.

5 The Plaintiff did not open or operate any bank accounts in its own name from
the time of its incorporation. Instead, the Defendant utilised DDPTE’s pre-
existing bank account with DBS Bank Pte Ltd (“DBS”) (“DDPTE’s Bank Account”),
both to receive funds from third parties as well as to make payments in
connection with the Plaintiff’s affairs. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Seah Chee Wei’s AEIC at para 9; Defendant’s AEIC at para 23.

Facts leading up to the dispute

6 The dispute arose primarily from the Plaintiff’s proposed business venture
to acquire a jack-up drilling rig known as the “Somnath” that was being
offered for sale by GOL Offshore Fujairah LLC FZE (“GOL Offshore”) for
US$215m. Negotiations between the Plaintiff and GOL Offshore culminated in the
Plaintiff entering into the following agreements with GOL Offshore on 11
December 2013: a Memorandum of Agreement (“the Second MOA”) and a Supplemental
Agreement to the Second MOA (“the Supplemental Agreement”) (collectively, “the
Somnath Purchase Agreements”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Seah Chee Wei’s AEIC, exhibit SCW-16, pp 614–629 and 639.

7 In connection with the purchase of the Somnath, the Defendant negotiated for
the Plaintiff to enter into various loan transactions. First, a loan for US$3m
was obtained from AMS SG on 30 September 2013, which carried an interest rate
of 6% per annum and was due to be repaid on 31 December 2016 (“the AMS Loan”).
14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ABD1, p 124.

The AMS Loan was disbursed to the Plaintiff by AMS SG over three tranches on
17, 18 and 23 October 2013. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ABD5, pp 3002, 3004 and 3006.

8 Second, to finance the payment of, inter alia, the first deposit of US$15m
as required by the Somnath Purchase Agreements (“the First Deposit”), 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Seah Chee Wei’s AEIC, exhibit SCW-16, p 628.

the Plaintiff obtained a “bridging loan” of US$15m from Symphony Ventures Pte
Ltd (“Symphony”) on 23 December 2013 (“the Symphony Loan”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 74.

The Symphony Loan was due to be repaid in full on 27 December 2014. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 83; Seah Chee Wei’s AEIC, exhibit SCW-19, pp 858 and
861.

Clause 2.2 of the Symphony Loan agreement expressly stated that the borrower
(ie, the Plaintiff) was to apply the Symphony Loan monies “for the purpose of
financing the [First Deposit]” and “for other expenses related to” the Somnath
and the Second MOA. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Seah Chee Wei’s AEIC, exhibit SCW-19, p 860.

When Symphony first attempted to remit the first tranche of US$6m to the
Plaintiff on 24 December 2013, it was unsuccessful. This was because the
Defendant had provided Symphony with DDPTE’s Bank Account details but named
the Plaintiff as the payee. Thus, DBS informed Symphony that for that
particular bank account number, the corresponding named payee should have been
DDPTE and not the Plaintiff. Symphony then enquired with the Defendant as to
the discrepancy, and asked for the Defendant to provide the details of a bank
account held in the Plaintiff’s name. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ABD2, p 996.

In his email reply dated 24 December 2013, the Defendant informed Symphony
that “DBS bank could not process the New account in time” and thus the monies
should be sent to DDPTE’s Bank Account. The Defendant also stated in the same
email that he would appreciate Symphony remitting the monies in the morning so
that “we can start processing for rig Already thursday [sic]”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ABD2, p 995.

Symphony then transferred US$6m to the DDPTE’s Bank Account on 26 December
2013. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ABD2, pp 1003–1004.

9 As matters transpired, only the first tranche of the Symphony Loan was
disbursed to the Plaintiff instead of the two tranches as planned. It was this
amount which formed a central aspect of the Plaintiff’s claim against the
Defendant: the US$6m from the first tranche of the Symphony Loan, together
with the US$3m from the AMS Loan, were the material borrowed funds (“the
Borrowed Funds”).

10 Several outgoing transactions were made by the Plaintiff in the period
spanning 2013 to 2015. First, on 1 December 2013, the Plaintiff entered into
an agreement with DDAS for the provision of “high level business services
supporting [the Plaintiff] and in particular related to the acquisitions of
rig Somnath and the financing of such assets and support services”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ABD1, p 131.

It appeared that in 2014 and 2015, the Plaintiff entered into further similar
agreements with DDAS (collectively, “the Management Fee Agreements”). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 156 and 169.

In connection with the services allegedly provided by DDAS in 2013, 2014 and
2015, the Plaintiff made payments to DDAS in the amounts of US$830,800,
US$750,000 and US$300,000 respectively, totaling US$1,880,800 (“the DDAS
Payments”). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 171.

11 Second, the Plaintiff granted a loan of US$1.7m to DDPTE (“the DDPTE
Loan”). There were two documents which allegedly recorded the DDPTE Loan: one
stated that the loan agreement was entered into on 1 December 2013, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ABD1, p 267.

while the other stated that the loan agreement was entered into on 1 November
2014. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ABD1, p 266.

Regardless, both documents stated that the DDPTE Loan carried an interest rate
of 4% per annum and was due for repayment only on 31 December 2023. The DDPTE
Loan was allegedly made pursuant to a novation agreement between DDPTE, the
Plaintiff and First Marine dated 14 November 2014 (“the Novation Agreement”).
28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ABD1, pp 270–271.

The Novation Agreement provided for the DDPTE Loan in exchange for the
novation of First Marine’s rights under an agreement entered into with PT
Harmoni Drilling Services (“PT Harmoni”) to the Plaintiff. The terms of the
Novation Agreement also provided that “work provided by [DDPTE] and invoiced
as management services and outlays” would be “offset against the [DDPTE
Loan]”. This was a reference to a business services agreement entered into by
DDPTE and the Plaintiff on the same day (ie, 14 November 2014) (“the Business
Services Agreement”), under which the Plaintiff was to pay US$50,000 per month
to DDPTE as management fees. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ABD1, pp 268–269.

12 Third, the Plaintiff transferred a total of US$3.25m to a company known as
TY Global LLC (“TY Global”). On 15 December 2013, the Defendant had instructed
Mr Abraham Thomas (“Abraham”), the owner of TY Global, to send invoices to the
Plaintiff’s address, to which Abraham replied “[w]hat is the amount of the
invoice I should make”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ABD2, p 990.

On 27 December 2013, the Plaintiff transferred a total of US$3.25m 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ABD5, p 3028.

to TY Global based on the following invoices (“the TY Global Payments”):

(a) US$2,472,500 for “Upfront brokerage commission payable on Rig Somnath”; 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

ABD5, p 3007.

and

(b) US$777,500 for “Advisory and Financial consulting for acquisition of Rig
Somnath”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ABD5, p 3008.

13 On 30 December 2013, TY Global transferred US$2.25m to AT Offshore LLC (“AT
Offshore”), 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

ABD1, p 463; ABD5, p 3032.

an entity controlled by Abraham. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Seah Chee Wei’s AEIC at paras 124 and 127.

On 3 January 2014, AT Offshore transferred US$2m to Rocky Point International
LLC (“Rocky Point”), 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

ABD1, p 472.

an entity wholly and ultimately controlled and owned by the Defendant. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

ABD1, p 289.

This money was then used to make payments for Rocky Point’s outstandings. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

ABD7, p 4821.

14 Fourth, on 27 December 2013, the Plaintiff transferred US$1.28m to Treatmil
(“the Treatmil Payment”) under the Defendant’s directions. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Seah Chee Wei’s AEIC at paras 138–139.

The monies were transferred from DDPTE’s Bank Account (which was being
utilised in connection with the Plaintiff’s affairs, as stated at [5] above)
to DDAS’s bank account 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

ABD1, p 150; ABD5, p 3025.

(which Treatmil was allegedly utilising as its own). 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 8.

The Treatmil Payment was allegedly a partial repayment of the AMS Loan,
pursuant to a tripartite agreement between AMS SG, Treatmil and the Plaintiff
dated 20 December 2013 (“the Tripartite Agreement”). This Tripartite Agreement
was possible because AMS SG had extended a US$3m loan to the Plaintiff (see
[7] above) and separately, there were also inter-company loans between
Treatmil and AMS SG. The Tripartite Agreement itself had not been signed by
AMS SG. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

ABD1, pp 148–149.

There was also a payment schedule attached to the Tripartite Agreement which
recorded that the US$3m owed under the AMS Loan had been reduced to US$1.72m,
two different versions of which were produced during the course of
proceedings. One version was unsigned 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

ABD4, p 2939.

and this was the copy which was in the records of the Plaintiff’s auditor and
in the Plaintiff’s company records which were presented to the Liquidators.
The other version bore the signature of Mr Alfred Schwegler (“Alfred”), the
director of AMS SG at the material time, in the bottom right-hand corner (“the
Signed Payment Schedule”). 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Seah Chee Wei’s AEIC, exhibit SCW-45, p 1378.

However, AMS SG’s proof of debt dated 9 July 2015 stated that the Plaintiff
still owed AMS SG the full amount of the AMS Loan plus interest, amounting to
the sum of US$3,318,575.34. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

ABD4, p 2908.

15 In April 2014, Symphony chanced upon a news article stating that the
Somnath was no longer available for purchase. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

ABD2, pp 1093–1094.

Concerned, Symphony emailed the Defendant on 21 April 2014 seeking to clarify
the contents of the article. The Defendant insisted that the Plaintiff still
had the rights to purchase the Somnath. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

ABD2, p 1092.

On 4 June 2014, Symphony then verbally requested that the Defendant provide
particulars as to how the first tranche of the Symphony Loan (amounting to
US$6m) had been utilised. The Defendant provided a breakdown of items on the
same day but did not provide any supporting documents for those listed
expenditures. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

ABD2, pp 1140–1141.

On 6 June 2014, Symphony’s solicitors requested that the Defendant provide all
correspondence between the Plaintiff and GOL Offshore that reflected the
present status of the Plaintiff’s right to purchase the Somnath. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

ABD2, p 1143.

On 17 June 2014, the Defendant sent Symphony an email enclosing a letter from
GOL Offshore dated 16 June 2014, stating that the Plaintiff had defaulted in
making the deposit to GOL Offshore. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

ABD2, pp 1151–1152.

On 18 June 2014, Symphony then requested for all correspondence between the
Plaintiff and GOL Offshore relating to the default in making the deposit and
the Plaintiff’s right to purchase the Somnath. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

ABD2, pp 1153–1154.

16 On 19 June 2014, the Defendant provided Symphony with various letters that
had been exchanged between the Plaintiff and GOL Offshore. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

ABD2, pp 1155–1161.

This correspondence revealed that in a letter dated 28 April 2014 (“GOL
Letter”), GOL Offshore had amended the quantum of the First Deposit to
US$7.5m, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

ABD2, p 1157.

and that the Plaintiff had failed to pay the First Deposit to GOL Offshore by
the stipulated deadline. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

ABD2, pp 1160–1161.

On 20 June 2014, the Defendant confirmed in a telephone call with Symphony’s
representative, Mr Subramaniam, that the Plaintiff had received compensation
of US$1.5m from GOL Offshore for the latter having sold the Somnath to a third
party. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

ABD2, p 1163.

In Mr Subramaniam’s email to the Defendant on 20 June 2014, he pointed out
that a “side letter” dated 11 December 2013 entered into between the Plaintiff
and GOL Offshore referred to in the correspondence between the same had never
been produced to Symphony, and requested for a copy of the same. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

ABD2, pp 1162–1163.

The Defendant did not respond. On 2 July 2014, Symphony served a Notice of
Default and Acceleration on the Plaintiff and Treatmil stating that, inter
alia, the non-disclosure of correspondence between the Plaintiff and GOL
Offshore constituted an event of default. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

ABD2, pp 1170–1172.

Subsequently, on 1 August 2014, the Plaintiff entered into a settlement
agreement with Symphony and Treatmil (“the Settlement Agreement”). 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

ABD1, pp 239–261.

The Settlement Agreement provided for, inter alia, the repayment of the first
tranche of the Symphony Loan by 26 December 2014.

17 In summary, the Plaintiff made, inter alia, the following transactions to
third parties (collectively, “the Four Transactions”) out of the Borrowed
Funds:

(a) the DDAS Payments amounting to US$1,880,800; 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 99, 156, 169 and 171.

(b) the DDPTE Loan of US$1.7m as well as monthly payments of US$50,000 to
DDPTE under the Business Services Agreement; 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 152.

(c) the TY Global Payments amounting to US$3.25m; 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 87 and 171.

and

(d) the Treatmil Payment of US$1.28m. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 92 and 171.

18 The Plaintiff was eventually unable to acquire the Somnath and was wound up
by an order of court dated 3 June 2015. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 2.

Ms Tan Suah Pin and Mr Seah Chee Wei were appointed as the Plaintiff’s joint
and several liquidators.

The Liquidators’ case

19 The Liquidators’ primary contention was that the Defendant had fraudulently
and/or dishonestly caused the Plaintiff to make the Four Transactions to
companies of which he was the ultimate beneficial owner, and/or to himself
and/or to his nominees or other participants in the fraud.

20 In summary, the Liquidators relied on four primary legal strands:

(a) The Defendant had breached his duties to act honestly in the discharge of
his duties as a director under s 157(1) of the CA and/or his duty to act bona
fide in the interests of the Plaintiff under the common law in carrying out
the Four Transactions. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 48–53.

(b) The Defendant had breached his duty to take into account the interests of
the Plaintiff’s creditors. The Defendant had dissipated the Plaintiff’s assets
to the prejudice of Symphony and AMS SG by making unjustified payments to his
own companies. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 57–61.

(c) The Defendant had breached the “actual conflict rule” by making payments
to his related companies. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 54–56.

(d) The Defendant intended to defraud the Plaintiff’s creditors in
contravention of s 340(1) of the CA. The Plaintiff’s business had been carried
on with the intention of defrauding its creditors. The Defendant was a knowing
party to the business being carried out fraudulently because he was its sole
and controlling director. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 62–72.

21 In making out its case against the Defendant, the Liquidators attacked the
propriety of each of the Four Transactions and labelled each of the agreements
that the Defendant relied upon to justify these transactions as a “sham”.
First, in relation to the DDAS Payments, the Liquidators argued that there was
no evidence of any management services ever having been provided by DDAS to
the Plaintiff – there were no detailed invoices, work reports, breakdowns,
disbursement accounts, or any other documentation which would justify the
payment of fees. Yet, the Defendant caused the Plaintiff to make the DDAS
Payments out of the Borrowed Funds, even where it had been represented to
creditors that the Borrowed Funds would be used to pay the deposit for the
purchase of the Somnath. The Liquidators argued that the Defendant’s act of
procuring the Plaintiff to enter into an agreement to pay out of the Borrowed
Funds to DDAS, his own wholly-owned company, for non-existent management
services was not only fraudulent conduct, but also a breach of directors’
duties to act honestly in the interests of the company, to prioritise the
interests of creditors as well as the “actual conflict” rule. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 12, 53, 59 and 69.

22 Second, in relation to the DDPTE Loan, the Liquidators argued that the
Novation Agreement was a sham document. It was argued that the Defendant had
signed on behalf of all three parties. It was also pointed out that DDPTE had
not provided any consideration to the Plaintiff and was not even a party to
the agreement between First Marine and PT Harmoni (the rights under this
agreement being the subject of the Novation Agreement) and yet, DDPTE stood to
reap the largest benefit (ie, the DDPTE Loan with favourable terms and a
further 1.15% commission payable for each rig sourced to the Plaintiff under
the Novation Agreement). With respect to the Business Services Agreement, the
Liquidators argued that the monthly payment of US$50,000 was not justifiable –
DDPTE had no employees and there were no documents evidencing that any work
had been done by DDPTE. The Liquidators thus argued that both the DDPTE Loan
and the monthly payments were made pursuant to a fraudulent scheme or were
made without good faith in breach of the Defendant’s duties to act in the best
interests of the Plaintiff, to prioritise the interests of the creditors as
well as the “actual conflict” rule. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 15–16, 53, 59 and 69.

23 Third, with respect to the TY Global Payments, the Liquidators pointed out
that US$3.25m had been paid out of the Plaintiff’s funds to TY Global even
though there was no record of TY Global having done any work for the
Plaintiff. The Liquidators adduced evidence to show that the TY Global
Payments had been made pursuant to an arrangement between the Defendant and
Abraham, whereby Abraham agreed to run the Plaintiff’s US$3.25m through his
entities before taking a cut of US$15,000 and remitting the remaining sum of
US$3.235m to Rocky Point, a US-incorporated company controlled by the
Defendant. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

ABD2, p 1049.

The transaction between TY Global and Rocky Point was “legitimised” by an
invoice dated 20 December 2013 for “Asset Transactional Fee” of US$3.235m
which had been sent by the Defendant to Abraham. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

ABD2, pp 993–994.

The Liquidators argued that the TY Global Payments had thus been made in
furtherance of the Defendant’s dishonest fraudulent scheme to misappropriate
the Plaintiff’s funds and also amounted to a breach of the Defendant’s
directors’ duties. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 17–23, 41, 59 and 70.

24 Lastly, with respect to the Treatmil Payment, the Liquidators pointed out
that neither the Tripartite Agreement nor the attached payment schedule had
been signed by any authorised representative of AMS SG. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

ABD1, pp 148–149.

Further, it was pointed out that the past and current directors of AMS SG
confirmed that AMS SG was unaware of the Tripartite Agreement and the Treatmil
Payment. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

ABD4, pp 2912–2913, 2956–2957 and 2976–2979.

The Liquidators argued that monies had thus been fraudulently and dishonestly
redirected by the Defendant to DDAS’s bank account (which Treatmil was
supposedly utilising as its own) for his own benefit. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 9, 38–39 and 68.

The Defendant’s case

25 The Defendant’s primary case was that the Four Transactions were all
legitimate bona fide transactions, which the Defendant honestly and reasonably
believed were commercially sound and beneficial to the Plaintiff in achieving
the purpose for which it was incorporated (ie, the successful acquisition of
the Somnath), even if creditors’ interests were to be taken into account. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 61 and 83; Defendant’s Reply
Submissions at paras 18 and 41–137.

In particular, it was argued that: 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 96–155.

(a) For the DDAS Payments, the Defendant had been personally involved in the
extensive work that DDAS had undertaken in relation to the acquisition of the
Somnath and he thus believed that DDAS was entitled to remuneration for its
work.

(b) For the DDPTE Loan, the Defendant genuinely believed that it was a
legitimate business loan granted to DDPTE in exchange for real benefits to the
Plaintiff in the form of the novated rights under the Novation Agreement and
interest payments.

(c) For the TY Global Payments, the Defendant honestly believed that the
Plaintiff ought to remunerate the brokers for performing a substantial amount
of work to the Plaintiff’s benefit and hence that the TY Global Payments were
commercially justifiable.

(d) For the Treatmil Payment, the Defendant had no reason to disbelieve the
Plaintiff’s auditor and/or doubt the signature on the Signed Payment Schedule
that AMS SG had agreed to a partial repayment of the AMS Loan through
Treatmil.

26 The Defendant additionally argued that he did not come under the duty to
take into account the interests of the Plaintiff’s creditors because that duty
had not arisen in the first place: the Plaintiff was neither in a parlous
financial position nor perilously close to being insolvent. Even if such a
duty had arisen, the Defendant had acted bona fide and reasonably in carrying
out the Four Transactions. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 219; Defendant’s Reply Submissions at
paras 24–28.

27 With respect to the Liquidators’ case that he had breached the “actual
conflict” rule, the Defendant argued that none of the Four Transactions
breached the rule because: 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 66–71; Defendant’s Reply Submissions
at paras 21–23.

(a) The Plaintiff’s interests were not prejudiced or subordinated in favour of
the other companies.

(b) In relation to the TY Global Payments, there was no conflict because the
Defendant had no personal interest in TY Global.

(c) As regards DDPTE and DDAS, the use of related companies to structure
payments in rig deals was a common practice in the industry.

(d) The Defendant had given express written notice of his interest in related
entities (including DDAS, DDPTE, Treatmil and Rocky Point) at the time he was
appointed as director of the Plaintiff.

(e) Even if the Defendant had put himself in a position of conflict, his
breach was exonerated by the informed consent of the majority agreement of the
shareholders, ie, Treatmil (which held 51% of the shareholding in the
Plaintiff).

28 Even if the Defendant were found to be in breach of his duties as director,
the Defendant argued that he should be excused from liability under s 391 of
the CA because he had acted honestly and reasonably and it was fair to excuse
him for his default, relying on the same reasons stated at [25] above as to
his honest and reasonable beliefs in relation to the Four Transactions. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 156–164.

29 With respect to fraudulent trading under s 340(1) of the CA, the Defendant
argued that the Liquidators had failed to discharge their burden of proof to
demonstrate that the Plaintiff’s business was fraudulent. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 169–214; Defendant’s Reply
Submissions at paras 29–34.

30 Lastly, it was argued that the losses allegedly suffered by the Plaintiff
had no basis in law and the Liquidators had failed to prove the losses and/or
damages they have sought. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 230–255.

My decision

31 Having considered the Parties’ submissions and the evidence, I concluded
that the Liquidators had made out their claims for the Defendant’s breaches of
directors’ duties. However, I could not conclude that the Defendant had
committed fraud.

32 Before I analyse the Liquidators’ case for breach of directors’ duties, I
must point out that the Liquidators were not entirely specific on the breaches
of duties complained of; this may owe, I suspect, to the overlapping duties at
common law and statute, and between different categories of obligations.
Nevertheless, the Liquidators had to my mind sufficiently pleaded, led
evidence on and argued on the basis of breaches of the duty to act honestly
under s 157(1) of the CA, the duty to act bona fide in the interests of the
company under common law, the duty to take into account the interests of the
Plaintiff’s creditors, and the duty to avoid conflict and actual conflict at
common law. I will analyse each of these duties separately.

The analysis

Breach of duty to act bona fide and honestly under s 157(1) of the CA

33 As a preliminary point, I note that the Liquidators raised two related
breaches:

(a) breach of the duty to act honestly under s 157(1) of the CA; and

(b) breach of the duty to act bona fide in the interests of the Plaintiff
under common law.

It is unnecessary, however, to consider these two breaches separately as the
content of both duties do not materially differ (see Hans Tjio, Pearlie Koh
and Lee Pey Woan, Corporate Law (Academy Publishing, 2015) (“Corporate Law”)
at para 09.020). As expressed by the Court of Appeal in Townsing Henry George
v Jenton Overseas Investment Pte Ltd (in liquidation) [2007] 2 SLR(R) 597 at
[59]:

In our view, the appellant’s duty of honesty and duty to act bona fide may be
regarded as a composite obligation. The appellant’s duty of honesty, which is
said to require him to “act honestly in the discharge of his duties as a
director”, appears to be a reference to the statutory duty imposed on
directors under s 157(1) of the CA. This duty is the statutory equivalent of
the duty to act bona fide which exists at common law: see Cheam Tat Pang v PP
[1996] 1 SLR(R) 161 at [19]; Lim Weng Kee v PP [2002] 2 SLR(R) 848 at [32];
Vita Health Laboratories Pte Ltd v Pang Seng Meng [2004] 4 SLR(R) 162 at [14].
These two duties impose a unitary obligation to act “bona fide in the
interests of the company in the performance of the functions attaching to the
office of director” [emphasis added]: see Marchesi v Barnes [1970] VR 434 at
438, affirmed locally in Multi-Pak Singapore Pte Ltd v Intraco Ltd [1994] 1
SLR(R) 513 at [22]. [emphasis in original; emphasis added in bold italics]

34 Section 157(1) of the CA provides that a “director shall at all times act
honestly”. This has been interpreted by the Court of Appeal to mean that the
director must act bona fide to “promote or advance the interests of the
company” (see Ho Kang Peng v Scintronix Corp Ltd (formerly known as TTL
Holdings Ltd) [2014] 3 SLR 329 (“Ho Kang Peng”) at [35]). The Defendant did
not dispute that this duty is owed by a director to his company. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 58.

35 In Intraco Ltd v Multi-Pak Singapore Pte Ltd [1994] 3 SLR(R) 1064
(“Intraco”), the Court of Appeal (at [28]–[29]) enunciated an objective test
for determining whether this duty has been breached. The question is whether
an “honest and intelligent man in the position of the directors, taking an
objective view, could reasonably have concluded that the transactions were in
the interests of [the company].” This test was re-affirmed in Ho Kang Peng at
[38], where the Court of Appeal added a qualification (at [37]) that the court
will be slow to interfere with a director’s commercial decision which has been
made honestly even if it turns out, on hindsight, to be financially
detrimental to the company. The Court of Appeal also made it clear (at [38])
that just because the court will be slow to interfere, it “does not mean that
the court should refrain from exercising any supervision over directors as
long as they claim to be genuinely acting to promote the company’s interests.”
For instance, where the transaction is “not objectively in the company’s
interest”, the court may draw an inference that the director did not act
honestly: Ho Kang Peng at [38], citing with approval Walter Woon on Company
Law (Tan Cheng Han gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, Revised 3rd Ed, 2009) (“Walter
Woon on Company Law”) at para 8.36. Further, the Court of Appeal in Ho Kang
Peng (at [39]) referred to [17] and [19] of the High Court decision of Vita
Health Laboratories Pte Ltd and others v Pang Seng Meng [2004] 4 SLR(R) 162
and remarked that “the requirement of bona fide or honesty will not be
satisfied if the director acted dishonestly even if for the purported aim of
maximising profits for the company” [emphasis in original].

36 After I rendered my decision, these principles were re-affirmed in the
Court of Appeal’s recent decision in Goh Chan Peng and others v Beyonics
Technology Ltd and another and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR 592, where the
court emphasised at [35]–[36] that even if the director in question had
subjectively believed his actions to be in the company’s best interests, he
would still be held to have breached his duty if, on the Intraco test, his
actions on an objective view were not in the company’s best interests.

37 It is imperative to note that a director owes duties even if he is the sole
director and the owner or effective owner of the company. Such a director may
breach his directors’ duties even if creditors’ interests have not been
impinged on, ie, in a solvent company (see Ong Bee Chew v Ong Shu Lin [2017]
SGHC 285 at [86]).

38 The Defendant argued, citing Intraco, that the duty to act bona fide in the
interests of the company does not preclude a director from considering the
interest of a group of companies as a single economic entity and act for the
benefit of the group as a whole. On this basis, it was permissible for the
Defendant to also take into account the interests of the other companies
(including Treatmil, DDPTE and DDAS) when making commercial decisions for the
Plaintiff. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 11–14.

39 While it might be permissible to consider the collective interests of the
companies in a group, it must not be forgotten that a director must still act
in good faith in the interests of each individual company. This flows from the
fact that a company is a separate legal entity, and the fact that the
liabilities of the company do not ordinarily attach to its shareholders or
officers. The advantages of corporate personality must be in return for
certain obligations. The same applies for groups of companies since each
company within the group can have its own separate set of creditors (see
Walter Woon on Company Law at para 8.31). While some commercial leeway may be
given to those who act as directors of associated companies within a group,
the obligations owed to each company do not disappear. As such, a director
must not act with the intention of furthering the interests of the group as a
whole to the prejudice or detriment of a company within the group (see Walter
Woon on Company Law at para 8.31). This much is clear from the High Court
decision of Golden Village Multiplex Pte Ltd v Phoon Chiong Kit [2006] 2
SLR(R) 307, which (at [36]) endorsed and applied the approach laid out by
Pennycuick J in Charterbridge Corporation Ltd v Lloyds Bank Ltd [1970] Ch 62
at 74 in relation to directorship of companies within a group:

Each company in the group is a separate legal entity and the directors of a
particular company are not entitled to sacrifice the interest of that company.
This becomes apparent when one considers the case where the particular company
has separate creditors. The proper test, I think, in the absence of actual
separate consideration, must be whether an intelligent and honest man in the
position of a director of the company concerned, could, in the whole of the
existing circumstances, have reasonably believed that the transactions were
for the benefit of the company. [emphasis added]

40 Preliminarily, the Defendant accepted that the Four Transactions were
either directed or authorised by him. The only dispute was whether these
transactions were in the interests of the Plaintiff. After careful
consideration, I was satisfied that the Defendant had breached his duty to act
bona fide in the interests of the Plaintiff.

DDAS Payments

41 In respect of the DDAS Payments, the Liquidators argued that the Management
Fee Agreements relied on by the Defendant were sham documents and even if they
were not, the circumstances did not show that the DDAS Payments were in the
interests of the Plaintiff. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 170–188.

The Defendant did not deny the fact that in the years 2013 and 2014, he had
caused the Plaintiff to make payments to DDAS for management services the
latter had purportedly provided, in the amounts of US$850,000 and US$750,000
respectively. The Defendant instead argued that the DDAS Payments were
legitimate, commercially justifiable payments for services rendered, which the
Defendant honestly and reasonably believed the Plaintiff was required to pay.
It was argued that DDAS’s services were necessary since the Plaintiff was only
an “asset holding entity” and did not have any resources or employees of its
own. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 126–138.

42 The DDAS Payments were made in 2013, 2014 and 2015. I begin with the
payment in 2013. The Defendant orally testified that the management fees of
US$850,000 charged by DDAS to the Plaintiff for the year 2013 was for services
rendered since the Plaintiff’s incorporation (ie, 12 April 2013) until the end
of the year. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NE, 3 March 2017 (Day 4), p 103, lines 26–29.

When the Defendant was questioned by the Plaintiff’s counsel as to why he had
caused the Plaintiff to pay for work done since the Plaintiff’s incorporation
when the Second MOA had only been entered into between the Plaintiff and GOL
Offshore eight months later on 11 December 2013, the Defendant was unable to
provide a satisfactory answer: 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE, 3 March 2017 (Day 4), p 105, line 16 to p 106, line 2.

Q: So the management fee agreement of 850,000 you say was for work done from
April 2013 and despite the fact that the first MOA was only 17th of September
2013, you are charging Traxiar, the company the full management fees of DDAS,
is that right?

A: Excuse me, the---the fer---

Q: See, there’s a Traxiar Ventures Limited who entered into the first MOA,
correct?

A: Yes, I’m not---I’m not---I’m not charging Traxiar Drilling Partner cost
which is related to a different project.

Q: Okay, so what you’re saying to us then is that from 11th December 2013 when
the [Second] MOA was signed between Traxiar and GOL---

A: Mm.

Q: ---until the payment of 850,000---

A: Yes.

Q: ---that is the only period in which DDAS was being used and it was charge
850,000 am I right?

A: Erm, as I’m saying, there was a lot of work going on during all of 2014
[sic] but it’s---it’s---it’s not all of that is related to the Somnath.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

By way of explanation, the reference to “the first MOA” in the excerpt of the
transcript above is to a Memorandum of Agreement dated 17 September 2013,
which, according to the Defendant’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”),
had been entered into between “GOL [Offshore] and Traxiar Ventures Limited, a
company incorporated in Cyprus (the “First MOA”)”. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 34.

43 From the evidence, it was clear to me that the Defendant had not acted
honestly in charging the Plaintiff US$850,000 for work done by DDAS for the
year 2013. In his AEIC, the Defendant stated that from June to August 2013, he
and the DDAS team did work in relation to “prospective financing partners” and
that he “took part in investor presentations and conducted road-shows with
prospective investors in Asia, Middle East and Europe”. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 29.

However, this work was done in respect of the First MOA, a contract that the
Plaintiff was not a party to and therefore not a beneficiary of. Further, the
First MOA was terminated in late September 2013. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 37–38.

It was therefore clear that the work done from June to August 2013 was in
relation to the First MOA entered into between GOL Offshore and Traxiar
Ventures Limited, and not the Second MOA entered into by the Plaintiff with
GOL Offshore. Even if, as argued by the Defendant, the Second MOA was more
attractive for the Plaintiff than the First MOA, 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 102.

I agreed with the Liquidators that there was simply no evidence of any work
done by DDAS for the Plaintiff – there were no work reports, breakdowns,
disbursement accounts or any other form of documentary evidence which could
justify the large payment of US$850,000 to DDAS.

44 In December 2014, the Defendant once again retrospectively caused the
Plaintiff to enter into another management services agreement with DDAS to
make payment of US$750,000 for work done in the year 2014. Again, no invoices
or proof of work were adduced in evidence to justify this additional payment.
The Defendant’s answer to the lack of evidence was that it was not “industry
practice” to keep such documentary records and that since he was personally
involved in the work done, he “obviously knew what work had been done”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 110; Defendant’s Closing Submissions at
para 132(e).

I could not accept this bare allegation without any objective evidence of
independent support.

45 This was not the only instance when the Defendant attempted to rely on his
industry knowledge and personal experience as evidence. While directors may be
accorded considerable leeway to exercise commercial judgment in their specific
fields, where concerns have been raised about the decisions made, it is not
sufficient for a director to merely invoke his expertise and experience as a
justification. In other words, if the director’s judgment is in issue, a claim
of expertise or experience would in many instances need to be buttressed by
independent evidence. The court would otherwise be left to rely exclusively on
evidence from the very person whose judgment is impugned. That is not only
improper but also insufficient to establish an acceptable and legitimate
practice in the vast majority of cases.

46 For the year 2015, the Defendant claimed that the Plaintiff had incurred
US$300,000 in management fees to DDAS. However, the Defendant claimed that
this US$300,000 had merely been invoiced, but had not yet been paid by the
Plaintiff. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE, 2 March 2017 (Day 3), p 69, lines 5–13.

I disagreed with the Defendant that the US$300,000 had not been paid. In their
closing submissions, the Liquidators provided the following computation, 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 185.

which incorporated the figures from the Defendant’s statement of defence in
the context of accounting for the US$10.5m received by the Plaintiff
(comprising US$9m in Borrowed Funds and US$1.5m from GOL Offshore as
compensation for having sold the Somnath to a third party buyer) 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 59.

:

Description | Amount (US$)| Balance of US$10.5m  
---|---|---  
TY Global Payments | 3,250,000 | 7,250,000  
Treatmil Payment| 1,280,000 | 5,970,000   
Management fees to DDAS (2013) | 830,800 | 5,139,200   
Management fees to DDAS (2014) | 750,000 | 4,389,200   
Incorporation fees | 12,198 | 4,377,002  
Legal, accounting and miscellaneous payments| 157,842| 4,219,160  
Payment to Symphony | 2,750,000 | 1,469,160   
Management fees to DDAS (2015) | 300,000 | 1,169,160 97

##### Foot Note 97

× It should be noted that the Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions contained a
mathematical error which wrongly reflected this figure as US$1,069,160.  
DDPTE Loan| 1,118,972.14 [US$ equivalent of S$1,566,561] | ~ 0  
Total| 10,449,812.14|  
  
The second column reflects the figures provided in the Defendant’s statement
of defence. The third column reflects the balance after each figure in the
second column is deducted from US$10.5m. The Liquidators applied an exchange
rate of US$1 to S$1.40 to the figure for the DDPTE Loan, and demonstrated that
the total of all the figures provided by the Defendant (including the
US$300,000 sum for management fees to DDAS in 2015) comes up to
US$10,449,812.14, 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 185.

which is approximately equivalent to the US$10.5m received by the Plaintiff.
The Liquidators’ computation demonstrates that the Defendant must have
accounted for the payment of US$300,000 (or an even higher sum) out of the
US$10.5m. The Defendant’s response to the Liquidators’ computation was that it
was merely a product of “reverse-engineering” and that it was premised
entirely on an “arbitrary USD-SGD exchange rate of 1:1.4”, which was not the
prevailing exchange rate at that time. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 116–119.

Even if the Liquidators’ calculation involved a degree of reverse-engineering,
the Defendant was unable to point to any other significant outgoings from the
Plaintiff’s funds that affected the logical conclusion drawn from the above
computation. I also did not find the exchange rate chosen by the Liquidators
to be arbitrary given that it closely approximated the exchange rate in
November 2015, 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions, Annex C.

when the Defendant’s statement of defence was first filed.

47 For these reasons, I found that the Defendant had procured the Plaintiff to
pay US$300,000 in management fees to DDAS despite the lack of evidence of any
management fees agreement having been executed for the year 2015 and any
invoices to that effect.

48 I accordingly found that all the DDAS Payments had been made despite the
absence of any proper support and justification that DDAS had done any work
for the Plaintiff. This could not be reflective of an objective bona fide
assessment of the interests of the Plaintiff.

DDPTE Loan & Business Services Agreement

49 The Liquidators’ position was that the DDPTE Loan had been made solely for
the purpose of enabling the Defendant to dishonestly benefit DDPTE (and
consequently himself) at the Plaintiff’s expense. The Liquidators raised three
primary reasons for why the DDPTE Loan was a sham by the Defendant to retain
the Plaintiff’s monies: 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 153–169.

(a) There were two separate documents that allegedly recorded the DDPTE Loan –
one dated 1 December 2013 and another dated 1 November 2014. The Liquidators
argued that the latter document had been fabricated by the Defendant.

(b) If the DDPTE Loan had indeed arisen from the Novation Agreement between
the Plaintiff, First Marine and DDPTE as the Defendant contended, it was
strange that DDPTE benefited by receiving the DDPTE Loan (US$1.7m) since it
brought nothing to the table in respect of the Novation Agreement. The
Novation Agreement involved First Marine’s novation of all its rights under
its agreement with PT Harmoni to the Plaintiff.

(c) Not only did DDPTE benefit from the DDPTE Loan extended to it by the
Plaintiff, that loan was subject to set-offs of US$50,000 per month under the
Business Services Agreement that the Defendant had caused the Plaintiff to
enter into with DDPTE.

50 The Defendant argued that he believed that the DDPTE Loan benefited the
Plaintiff because the Plaintiff obtained valuable rights under the Novation
Agreement. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 148–153; Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 126.

51 In my judgment, whilst the first reason cited by the Liquidators was by
itself inconclusive to prove that the Defendant had not acted in the
Plaintiff’s best interests, the latter two reasons convinced me that the
Defendant had breached his duty to do so in connection with the DDPTE Loan.

52 As mentioned at [11], the Novation Agreement purported to transfer First
Marine’s rights under the agreement entered into with PT Harmoni to the
Plaintiff. DDPTE did not provide any consideration for the Novation Agreement.
Yet, the commercial reality under the whole arrangement was that DDPTE stood
to gain the most from the Novation Agreement. The Novation Agreement states:
103

##### Foot Note 103

×

ABD1, p 270.

• As a compensation for these rights, [the Plaintiff] will secure the project
work through a commission agreement and a loan agreement (the “Loan”) to
[DDPTE] of up to USD 1,700,000.- to cover project related expenses.

• All work provided by [DDPTE] and invoiced as management services and
outlays, will be offset against the Loan.

53 The Defendant’s explanation as to why the Plaintiff had extended a loan to
DDPTE under the Novation Agreement despite the Plaintiff gaining nothing from
DDPTE was that the loan was required to cover “project related expenses”: 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE, 2 March 2017 (Day 3), p 116, line 28 to p 117, line 9.

Q: So my question again, is this: What was the reason for granting DDPTE a
loan of 1.7 million as a result of this agreement?

A: To se---very simple. To secure that the work related to the sourcing of the
three units was secured. If we would give something over, we have to make sure
that, er, the---the---the work of actually doing this was continued and not
stalled. It’s quite common in many industries that you---you hand over rights,
but you make sure that, so when the rights are handed over, that the financing
of these rights is being taken care of, and that was the basics for this
contract.

Q: Now, I won’t belabour the point. I’m just going to ask you one more time:
what was the rights that was being given up by DDPTE to Traxiar?

A: Erm, DDPTE didn’t give up any rights. First Marine Holdings gave up their
rights.

Q: But DDPTE got a loan of 1.7 million from Traxiar.

A: Yes, to cover the project related expenses.

54 In my view, this was insufficient justification for the DDPTE Loan. First,
it was not clear to me why DDPTE had to be the party that had to undertake
this project. Second, the Defendant failed to convince me that the allegedly
beneficial Novation Agreement could not have taken place without the grant of
the DDPTE Loan, ie, the DDPTE Loan was a precondition or a condition precedent
to the Novation Agreement. Most tellingly, the Defendant himself admitted in
evidence that the DDPTE Loan was not beneficial to the Plaintiff which went
towards proving his lack of bona fides in causing the Plaintiff to grant the
DDPTE Loan, thereby acting contrary to the Plaintiff’s interests: 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE, 3 March 2017 (Day 4), p 5, line 29 to p 6, line 4.

Q: … From the company’s perspective, is the company honestly better off
extending a loan at 4% when it cost the company substantially more and when
the loan repayments period--- repayment periods were longer at the 4% than it
was for AMS and Symphony? From your perspective. Is the company better off or
not? Yes or no?

A: I would say---to that question, I would answer “no”, but I would also like
to remark that I was part of a---the tri-party three agreements.

[emphasis added]

The Defendant’s act of causing the Plaintiff to enter into the Novation
Agreement where DDPTE stood to gain at the expense of the Plaintiff was
evidence of the Defendant’s breach of his duty to act in the Plaintiff’s
interests.

55 Even if the Novation Agreement and Business Services Agreement were
commercially justifiable, there was nothing to support the contention that
work had been done by DDPTE. The Business Services Agreement stipulated that
invoices had to be provided by DDPTE before it could set-off the US$50,000 and
expenses from the DDTPE Loan extended by the Plaintiff. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

ABD1, pp 268–269.

No such invoices were adduced in evidence and the Defendant, despite being the
director of both the Plaintiff and DDPTE, testified that he was unaware as to
whether such invoices had been rendered by DDPTE in order to set off the loan.
107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE, 2 March 2017 (Day 3), p 119, line 12 to p 120, line 10.

56 Most significantly, by the Defendant’s own figures provided in his
statement of defence, the figure reflecting the DDPTE Loan appeared to have
been reduced. The DDPTE Loan was for US$1.7m. Yet, the Defendant said in his
statement of defence (in the context of accounting for the US$10.5m) that the
DDPTE Loan was S$1,566,561, 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 69.

which is equivalent to US$1,118,972 (again applying the exchange rate of US$1
to S$1.40). There was no conceivable reason why that DDPTE Loan figure should
have been reduced, other than if a set-off had been applied. It was clear that
the Defendant had unilaterally reduced the amount owed by DDPTE to the
Plaintiff under the DDPTE Loan by applying a set-off. If the DDPTE Loan taken
in November 2014 was US$1.7m and if the balance remaining in DDPTE’s account
after the liquidation was S$1,566,561 (as stated in the statement of defence),
it would mean that the amount used as a set-off to pay down the DDPTE Loan
under the Business Services Agreement was approximately US$581,028. This is
equivalent to about 12 months’ worth of service (at US$50,000 per month under
the Business Services Agreement) rendered for the Plaintiff. In other words,
this would mean DDPTE had provided services for 12 months since 14 November
2014 (see [11] above), ie, until October 2015. This would have been well after
the winding-up order was made against the Plaintiff in June 2015. This clearly
could not be possible and showed that the Defendant had been dishonest in
connection with the Business Services Agreement.

TY Global Payments

57 The Liquidators argued that the TY Global Payments amounted to fraudulent
misappropriation of the Plaintiff’s monies. It was their case that the
Defendant conspired with Abraham, the person behind TY Global, to move the
Plaintiff’s monies through Abraham’s companies and for such monies to
eventually end up in the bank account of Rocky Point, a company controlled by
the Defendant. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 189–248.

58 The Defendant, on the other hand, argued that the TY Global Payments
comprised the commission for the brokers and their fees (commensurate with
market practice) for work they had done beyond their scope of work under a
brokerage agreement dated 7 October 2013 (“the Brokerage Agreement”). The
Defendant also argued that there was an oral agreement or understanding that
the commission which the brokers received (through TY Global) would be re-
invested in the Somnath project as equity (“the Reinvestment Agreement”). 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 96–111.

59 In my judgment, the TY Global Payments should not have been made. I did not
accept the Defendant’s arguments that the payments were justified. The
payments were essentially upfront payments for potential benefits that might
never materialise. This was a clear departure from the general industry
practice, and there was no commercial imperative to pay out the amounts
involved.

60 The Defendant stated in his AEIC that the “general practice for brokerage
commissions is that the brokers only get paid at the end of the deal by the
sellers, based on a percentage of the purchase price” [emphasis added]. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 56.

The Defendant stated, however, that he chose to depart from the usual practice
and pay upfront the seller’s brokers despite being the buyer: 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE, 3 March 2017 (Day 4), p 7 line 31 to p 8 line 3.

Q: Now, your case is that you departed from this general practice. You say
it’s a general practice, yes? And you used the company’s money to pay TY
Global upfront at 2.425 million just upon signing of an MOA and not at the end
of the deal. Is that---am I getting your case correct?

A: Er, that’s correct.

61 The Defendant explained that the departure was justified because the
brokers secured “exclusivity” in the purchase of the Somnath 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE, 3 March 2017 (Day 4), p 16 lines 20–22.

pursuant to a letter from GOL Offshore dated 17 July 2014. However, this
explanation flew in the face of the documentary evidence. Clause 2.4 of the
Supplemental Agreement stated as follows: 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Seah Chee Wei’s AEIC, exhibit SCW-16, pp 628–629.

In the event that the transaction cannot be completed as per the provisions of
the [Second] MOA then and in that event the Seller shall pay to the Buyer a
commission equivalent to US$1,500,000 (United States Dollars One point Five
Million). The said commission will be paid only upon the sale of the [Somnath]
to a third party.

62 The Supplemental Agreement thus did not foreclose the sale of the Somnath
to a buyer other than the Plaintiff. This was also accepted by the Defendant
at trial: 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NE, 3 March 2017 (Day 4), p 17, lines 28–30.

Q: Would you agree with me that clause 2.4 contemplates that the vessel may be
sold to a third party?

A: Yah, yes.

63 The Defendant’s position on exclusivity was also inconsistent with the fact
that the Somnath was eventually sold to a third party 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

ABD4, p 2934.

which resulted in the activation of cl 2.4 of the Supplemental Agreement, and
the Plaintiff being paid a “break-up” fee of US$1.5m by GOL Offshore (see [16]
above).

64 Even if I had accepted that this “break-up” fee had been specially
negotiated for by the brokers such that they should be exceptionally
remunerated, this was a sum far less than the US$3.25m paid to the brokers as
upfront brokerage commission and advisory and consulting fees. Curiously, the
Brokerage Agreement had been executed in October 2013 before the Second MOA.
Thus the Defendant, when causing the Plaintiff to enter the Brokerage
Agreement with TY Global, could not have known that US$1.5m would be returned
as a “break-up” fee per cl 2.4 of the Supplemental Agreement.

65 Most significantly, given the Defendant’s alleged familiarity and
experience with similar transactions, 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Defendant’s AEIC, paras 6–7.

the Defendant’s insistence that the brokers were working for both sides of the
transaction beggared belief. The Defendant knew that the brokers were being
paid commission by the sellers. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

ABD1, p 649.

Yet, he insisted that the same brokers were also acting in the interests of
the buyer (ie, the Plaintiff): 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NE, 3 March 2017 (Day 4), p 14 line 30 to p 15 line 6.

Q: You agree with me that TY Global was sellers’ agents?

A: Yah. They came to me as sellers’ agents, yes.

Q: So when you say they were negotiating the best terms for you and that is
one of the reasons why you paid them upfront, as sellers’ agents, weren’t they
also supposed to negotiate the best terms for the sellers?

A: Er, yes, I will assume so but, er, as I also said earlier I had the feeling
that they were, erm, erm, represent---they were, erm, er, working, you know,
erm, on both sides, so that---on the transaction.

66 Most reasonable businessmen would recognise the inherent difficulties or
even the near impossibility of obtaining the “best deal” for both sides in a
commercial transaction. Being the seller’s brokers, it is more likely that the
brokers would have worked to ensure that they obtained the best deal for the
sellers (ie, GOL Offshore).

67 Given that such a large sum of money had been paid upfront to the brokers
despite the Plaintiff not being guaranteed its purchase of the Somnath and not
receiving much corresponding benefits, I was unable to see how making the TY
Global Payments and departing from the established commercial practices was in
the best interests of the Plaintiff. Even though courts will be slow to
second-guess commercial judgments, under the objective test, there must still
be some reasonable basis for the director’s decision to pursue a certain
transaction (see [35] above). In the present circumstances, there was simply
insufficient evidence of any commercial imperative to justify the making of
the TY Global Payments.

68 As mentioned, the Defendant also invoked the Reinvestment Agreement as an
additional justification for the TY Global Payment – this was allegedly an
oral agreement that the commissions paid to the brokers would be transferred
to TY Global for subsequent reinvestment into the Somnath project as equity.
However, there was again no evidence whatsoever of the Reinvestment Agreement.
Despite the significant amount of money being invested, the Defendant had no
explanation as to why the Reinvestment Agreement between himself and the
brokers had not been documented in any written agreement and/or
correspondence: 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NE, 3 March 2017 (Day 4), p 37, lines 3–7.

Q: Now there are massive amounts in documents here. Why is there no email
whatsoever from Thomas or Raman Mullick or Sid Roy or you to them reference
any such reinvestment arrangement or agreement?

A: I can’t tell you, just the verbal agreement that was the understanding,
that---that’s the way it was done.

Given that the Defendant was a veteran and experienced businessman, I found it
difficult to believe that he would have agreed to the Reinvestment Agreement
without certainty as to its precise terms or at least a reasonable extent of
negotiations leading up to the agreement. It also escaped me as to why the
brokers would need to be paid first before re-investing when they could have
been directly issued shares by the Plaintiff as remuneration for their work.

69 The propriety of the Reinvestment Agreement was also at serious odds with
the eventual flow of a portion of the funds to Rocky Point. The Defendant
argued that this arrangement was to ensure that the monies would be “safe-
guarded and available for reinvestment once it was time to do so”. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 105.

However, what transpired demonstrated that the monies were far from being
“safe-guarded” because they were in fact used to pay Rocky Point’s
outstandings. There was documentary evidence of such payments being made out
of Rocky Point’s accounts to settle its arrears. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

ABD7, p 4821.

This was also the evidence that Ms Courtney Turall (“Turall”), an independent
contractor who facilitated payments made by Rocky Point, had given in US
proceedings for the recovery of the Plaintiff’s funds that had been diverted
to Rocky Point. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Seah Chee Wei’s AEIC, exhibit SCW-40, p 1279, lines 8–10.

The Defendant accepted that Turall was a truthful witness who had no reasons
to lie in her deposition. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NE, 3 March 2017 (Day 4), p 61, lines 8–11.

70 The evidence revealed that Rocky Point was urgently in need of funds. Prior
to receiving the inward transfers from TY Global, as at 31 December 2013,
Rocky Point’s bank account only contained US$1,919.22. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

ABD7, p 4821.

In fact, the Defendant accepted that Rocky Point had no money in its account
to pay its outstandings to its vendors and mortgage prior to receiving the
funds from TY Global. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NE, 3 March 2017 (Day 4), p 68, lines 12–19.

On 31 December 2013, 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Seah Chee Wei’s AEIC, exhibit SCW-40, p 1267, lines 21–23; p 1268, line 21 to
p 1269, line 18.

Turall emailed the Defendant informing him that the funds had not been
received and if the monies were not received “no one can be paid today”. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

ABD2, p 1005.

The Defendant agreed that Turall’s email indicated that there was a rush to
get the funds in. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NE, 3 March 2017 (Day 4), p 59, lines 6–14.

The Defendant then forwarded Turall’s email to Abraham – this gave rise to a
reasonable inference that the monies referred to by Turall in her email was
the US$3.235m that the Defendant expected to enter Rocky Point’s bank account.
More tellingly, the Defendant was clearly anxious that Rocky Point should
receive those funds. This was evident from his reaction when Turall informed
him by email that the funds had still not been received. Upon receipt of
Turall’s email, the Defendant forwarded that email to Abraham, stating:
“[w]hat is going on here? The wire should have been in this morning. I want an
explanation asap”. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

ABD2, p 1006.

71 The evidence clearly showed that the Defendant urgently required the funds
from Abraham in order to make payments to Rocky Point’s creditors. The
Defendant (through Rocky Point) stood to gain significantly from his
arrangement with Abraham. As can be seen from the exchange of correspondence
above, the Defendant was clearly agitated that Abraham did not appear to be
holding up his end of the bargain. To be clear, even though US$3.25m was
transferred from the Plaintiff’s funds to TY Global, only US$2m was eventually
transferred to Rocky Point. Abraham had pocketed the remaining sum of $1.25m.

72 Separately, to justify the payments made to Rocky Point, the Defendant
relied on an alleged cash pooling arrangement between Rocky Point and DDAS,
under which both entities shared a common pool of funds which could be used to
pay off their creditors. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NE, 3 March 2017 (Day 5), p 8, line 27 to p 9, line 7.

However, if such an arrangement truly existed, Rocky Point would not have had
to desperately wait for the incoming funds to be received before paying off
its outstandings – DDAS could simply have made these payments on Rocky Point’s
behalf.

73 In the round, the Defendant’s allegations that the monies were to be placed
in Rocky Point pursuant to a Reinvestment Agreement or a cash pooling
arrangement were highly unbelievable, given that neither of the above was
backed by any evidence. In the circumstances, I found that these additional
justifications had been cooked up by the Defendant to cloak the TY Global
Payments with legitimacy as such monies eventually found their way, albeit via
a circuitous route, from the Plaintiff’s coffers into the Defendant’s hands.

Treatmil Payment

74 The Treatmil Payment similarly could not be said to have been in the
Plaintiff’s best interests. I accepted the Liquidators’ argument that the
Defendant’s justification for the Treatmil Payment, ie, the Tripartite
Agreement, was seriously lacking in evidence. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Plaintiff's Closing Submissions at paras 100–116.

While the Defendant relied on the Signed Payment Schedule (see [14] above),
there were serious doubts about this evidence that, to my mind, rendered it
unsafe to rely on it to rebut the Liquidators’ evidence that there were
questionable aspects to the transaction.

75 On 1 September 2015, the Liquidators contacted Mr Bob Ashman (“Ashman”), a
director of AMS SG, and sought clarification about the Treatmil Payment in
December 2013, a US$1.28m payment which was allegedly a partial repayment of
the AMS Loan. In an email dated 6 October 2015, Ashman stated that as he had
only been appointed in May 2015, he had asked Alfred, AMS SG’s director at the
material time, whether he was aware of the Treatmil Payment. The email further
stated that “[n]either [Alfred] nor AMS [SG] were aware of [the Tripartite
Agreement]. The management accounts of AMS [SG] do not have a record of such a
transfer”. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

ABD4, p 2912.

76 In the course of discovery in these proceedings, the Defendant produced a
copy of the Tripartite Agreement with the Signed Payment Schedule which bore,
on its bottom right-hand corner, Alfred’s short-hand signature. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Seah Chee Wei’s AEIC, exhibit SCW-45, p 1378.

Although the Tripartite Agreement itself was unsigned, the Defendant relied on
Alfred’s signature on the attached schedule to support his position that AMS
SG knew about the Tripartite Agreement and the Treatmil Payment: 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NE, 7 March 2017 (Day 5), p 25, lines 1–6.

Q: Yes. So there’s only one document there with Alfred’s signature and you are
suggesting to the Court and to us that Alfred’s signature signifies that he
knew about the 1.28 pay---million payment---

A: Okay, that---

Q: ---to Treatmil, is that correct?

A: I already answered to that, yes.

77 The Liquidators contacted Alfred on 25 February 2016, enquiring about the
Tripartite Agreement and his signature on the attached schedule. Alfred
responded on 26 February 2016 stating that he was “unaware of it’s [sic]
alleged existence” and stated that neither AMS SG nor himself had signed the
Tripartite Agreement. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

ABD4, pp 2956–2957.

With regard to his signature on the schedule, Alfred stated in further
correspondence with the Liquidators that: 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

ABD4, p 2978 (Clarification 2).

The schedule of payment brought forward by [the Defendant] … seems to contain
a “digital” copy of my initials.

This digital copy was available and has been used by the CFO/Hege Anfindsen.

I have not provided consent to CFO/Hege Anfindsen or anyone else to use the
digital copy of my initials to sign the schedule of payment.

78 The Defendant also did not deny that Alfred’s signature on the schedule to
the Tripartite Agreement was a digital signature. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NE, 7 March 2017 (Day 5), p 30, lines 5–13.

This lent credence to Alfred’s version of events, ie, that his digital
signature had been appended to the schedule without his knowledge, and that
AMS SG was accordingly unaware of the Tripartite Agreement.

79 The Defendant also relied on the account of events provided by the
Plaintiff’s auditor, Ms Ann A Nargeswari from Subracco LLC, who testified 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

ABD4, p 2927; NE, 2 March 2017 (Day 3), p 18, line 25 to p 20, line 13.

that she had made enquiries about the repayment of the AMS Loan and that she
was satisfied with the answers obtained that AMS SG was aware of this
arrangement. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 119.

However, as argued by the Liquidators, it was unsurprising that Ms Ann would
corroborate the Defendant’s version of events. Ms Ann, being the Plaintiff’s
auditor, would only know as much as she is informed by the Defendant. Further,
since Ms Ann did not conduct any further investigations, she would be unlikely
to state that she was unsatisfied with the answers obtained, as that would be
tantamount to admitting to negligence. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at paras 51(f)–51(g).

80 In the absence of any credible evidence from the Defendant that AMS SG was
aware of the arrangements, all that was left for me to go on was the
correspondence from Alfred and Ashman, the past and present directors of AMS
SG, positively confirming that AMS SG was not aware of the Treatmil Payment
and more importantly, of the existence of the Tripartite Agreement.

81 In the circumstances, due to the flimsy factual foundation of the
Tripartite Agreement, it was difficult for me to find that the AMS Loan had
been correspondingly reduced as a result of the Treatmil Payment. It is
accordingly impossible to conclude that the Treatmil Payment was made in the
best interests of the Plaintiff since the Plaintiff reaped no corresponding
benefit from making this payment to Treatmil. In all likelihood, the
Liquidators’ version of events – that this was a ploy by the Defendant to
transfer the Plaintiff’s monies to his other companies – seemed more
plausible.

82 For these reasons, I found that each of the Four Transactions was in breach
of the Defendant’s duty to act bona fide in the interests of the Plaintiff.

Breach of the duty to take into account the interest of creditors

83 It is uncontroversial that when a company is insolvent, or even in “a
parlous financial position”, directors have a fiduciary duty to take into
account the interests of the company’s creditors when making decisions for the
company (see Liquidators of Progen Engineering Pte Ltd v Progen Holdings Ltd
[2010] 4 SLR 1089 (“Progen Engineering”) at [48]). As expressed by the Court
of Appeal in Progen Engineering, the rationale for this duty is as follows (at
[52]):

… [W]hen a company is insolvent, the creditors’ interests come to the fore as
the company is effectively trading and running the company’s business with the
creditors’ money. Because of the limited liability principle, the risks (of
trading when the company is insolvent) on shareholders would be minimal as
they would at worst lose only what they have already invested in the company
in their capacity as shareholders. Unsecured or partially secured creditors on
the other hand may never recover any monies due to them. Unlike shareholders
who have the most to gain from risky ventures, unsecured creditors, in
particular, have everything to lose when illegitimate risks are taken. As
such, it is only right that directors ought to be accountable to creditors for
the decisions they make when the company is, or perilously close to being,
insolvent …

84 The greater the concern over the company’s financial health, the more
weight the directors must accord to the interests of creditors over those of
the shareholders: Parakou Shipping Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Liu Cheng Chan
and others [2017] SGHC 15 at [62] (“Parakou Shipping”), citing Dynasty Line
Ltd (in liquidation) v Sukamto Sia and another and another appeal [2014] 3 SLR
277 (“Dynasty”) at [34]. This duty “principally obliges directors to ensure
that the company’s assets are not dissipated or exploited to the prejudice of
creditors’ interests”: Prima Bulkship Pte Ltd (in creditors’ voluntary
liquidation) and another v Lim Say Wan and another [2017] 3 SLR 839 at [62].

85 Against this backdrop, the Liquidators submitted that the Defendant had
breached his duty to take into account the interests of the Plaintiff’s
creditors because he had dissipated the Plaintiff’s assets to the prejudice of
its creditors (ie, Symphony and AMS SG) through making unjustified payments to
his own companies. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 59–61.

86 The Defendant accepted that the obligation owed to the Plaintiff is subject
to an overlay where the Plaintiff is insolvent or in a parlous state. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 219(d).

However, the Defendant alleged, inter alia, that: 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 219.

(a) the Plaintiff was not insolvent as at 30 September 2013 and/or end of
October 2013 and/or at the latest 1 December 2013;

(b) the Plaintiff was not even in a parlous financial position or perilously
close to being insolvent; and

(c) in any event, the Defendant did not breach his fiduciary duties to take
into account the interests of the Plaintiff’s creditors.

87 I declined to find in favour of the Defendant on any of these grounds.

88 The first two points raised the question as to the threshold for
insolvency. In Parakou Shipping, the High Court recognised that when deciding
whether a director has a duty to take creditors’ interests into account, the
company need not be technically insolvent (at [65]):

… [F]or the purposes of deciding whether a director has a duty to take
creditors’ interests into account, the company need not be technically
insolvent. It is sufficient if the company is in a parlous financial position
or perilously close to being insolvent … A strict and technical application of
the cash flow and balance sheet tests, which are used in the context of a
winding up action, would be of limited utility and a broader assessment of the
surrounding circumstances of the case is called for; as long as there are
reasons to be concerned that the creditors’ interests are or will be at risk
because of difficult financial circumstances, directors ignore those interests
at their peril: Dynasty at [33]–[35]. [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

These observations were not disturbed on appeal (see Parakou Investment
Holdings Pte Ltd and another v Parakou Shipping Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and
other appeals [2018] SGCA 3).

89 The purpose of applying a broad-based assessment is to prevent errant
directors of a company from relying on the technical balance sheet and/or cash
flow tests to escape liability for their breach of duties in relation to the
interests of the company’s creditors. Indeed, this concern for protecting
creditors’ interests was echoed in Dynasty, where the Court of Appeal held at
[34]–[35] that:

… this [broad-based] assessment would include a consideration of all claims,
debts, liabilities and obligations of a company. The general financial health
and solvency of the company is considered in this context in order to
ascertain if there was reason to doubt or to be concerned over the financial
viability of the company, especially at the time of the [relevant
transactions].

… Moreover, the interests of the creditors are not to be considered in an arid
and technical way as if all such considerations are irrelevant or capable of
being ignored until and unless the company is found to be technically
insolvent …

90 I also note that England likewise does not require technical or actual
insolvency to be established. For instance, in Colin Gwyer & Associates Ltd v
London Wharf (Limehouse) Ltd [2003] 2 BCLC 153, Mr Leslie Kosmin QC (sitting
as a Deputy High Court Judge) observed as follows (at [74]):

… Where a company is insolvent or of doubtful solvency or on the verge of
insolvency and it is the creditors’ money which is at risk the directors, when
carrying out their duty to the company, must consider the interests of the
creditors as paramount and take those into account when exercising their
discretion. [emphasis added]

91 Balance sheet and/or cash flow insolvency is thus not required, rather the
question is whether the company is in fact financially imperiled. It is in
such situations that the directors come under a fiduciary duty to take into
account the creditors’ interests.

92 Based on the facts before me, I accepted the Liquidators’ argument that
this state was reached at the latest by 27 December 2013. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 31.

The Plaintiff’s creditors were placed at great risk by that time because a
substantial sum of some US$4.53m (consisting of both the TY Global Payments
and the Treatmil Payment) had been transferred out of the Plaintiff’s funds,
following earlier transfers. These transfers would undoubtedly have placed the
creditors at great risk, seen in light of the following facts:

(a) the Plaintiff had a nominal paid-up capital of only S$1;

(b) despite the nominal paid-up capital, the Plaintiff had significant
liabilities, amounting to at least US$9m in the form of the Borrowed Funds;

(c) the Plaintiff did not have its own bank account but used DDPTE’s Bank
Account;

(d) the Plaintiff did not have any independent revenue stream that could
constitute assets and the Plaintiff recorded no revenue for the financial year
ending in 2013; 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

ABD5, pp 3548–3549.

(e) the Treatmil Payment of US$1.28m was made merely a day (ie, 27 December
2013) after Symphony disbursed the first tranche of US$6m under the Symphony
Loan to the Plaintiff; and

(f) similarly, the TY Global Payments of US$3.25m were made merely a day (ie,
27 December 2013) after the disbursement of the first tranche of the Symphony
Loan.

With no independent streams of revenue, the Four Transactions must necessarily
have been funded by the Borrowed Funds. The Plaintiff’s liabilities would in
all likelihood have exceeded its assets. This would have undoubtedly resulted
in the Plaintiff being in a parlous financial position by 27 December 2013.

93 Therefore, from 27 December 2013, it was incumbent on the Defendant to take
into account the interests of Symphony and AMS SG, the Plaintiff’s creditors.
Yet, instead of utilising the Plaintiff’s Borrowed Funds to procure the
Somnath, the Defendant procured the Plaintiff to make payments to DDAS, DDPTE
and TY Global out of the same. The Defendant therefore was in clear breach of
his fiduciary duty to take into account the interests of the Plaintiff’s
creditors, particularly those of Symphony, which had expressly lent its funds
to the Plaintiff for the acquisition of the Somnath and other related
expenses, as can be seen from cl 2.2 of the Symphony Loan agreement. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Defendant’s AEIC, exhibit DOD-24, p 374.

94 The Defendant’s acts of procuring the Plaintiff to extend the DDPTE Loan of
US$1.7m (regardless of whether this had occurred in December 2013 or November
2014) and setting-off US$50,000 per month for alleged services rendered by
DDPTE under the Business Services Agreement showed a clear intention to make
payments to his own companies in preference to the interests of the
Plaintiff’s creditors. The same can be said of the TY Global Payments – I have
found above at [73] that those payments were made ultimately for the purpose
of benefiting himself, through Rocky Point. These payments cannot be said to
have been in Symphony’s interests; its interest was for its funds to be used
in connection with the Plaintiff’s purchase of the Somnath, and clearly not
for the monies to end up in the Defendant’s pockets.

95 Subsequently, the Defendant’s act of procuring the Plaintiff to pay DDAS
management fees in 2014, even though instalments were at the time due to
Symphony under the Settlement Agreement, 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

ABD1, p 249.

evidenced the fact that payments to DDAS (a company beneficially owned by the
Defendant) were made in preference to repayment of monies owed to the
Plaintiff’s creditors. For this reason, I found the Defendant was once again
in breach of his directors’ duties to take into account the interests of the
Plaintiff’s creditors.

Breach of the duty not to place in a position of conflict

96 The Liquidators argued on the basis of both the “actual conflict” and “no
conflict” rules. I must note, however, that the Liquidators were not very
precise in the use of these legal terms. For the benefit of clarity, I shall
reproduce in full the helpful observations made by Steven Chong J (as he then
was) in Nordic International Ltd v Morten Innhaug [2017] 3 SLR 957 (“Nordic”)
at [53]–[56]:

53 The no-conflict rule obliges a director, as a fiduciary, to avoid any
situation where his personal interest conflicts with or may conflict with that
of the company whose interest he is bound to protect, such that there is a
risk he may prefer his interest over that of the company’s. The rule is
strict: where a director is found to have placed himself in a position of
conflict of interest, he will not be permitted to assert that his action was
bona fide or thought to be in the interests of the company (Walter Woon on
Company Law at para 8.44, citing Howard Smith Ltd v Ampol Petroleum Ltd [1974]
AC 821 at 834). A director can be in breach of the rule even though his or her
own conduct has caused no loss to the company (Company Directors: Duties,
Liabilities, and Remedies (Simon Mortimore ed) (Oxford University Press, 2009)
at para 14.11, citing Regal (Hastings) Ltd v Gulliver [1967] 2 AC 134 (“Regal
(Hastings)”) at 134 and 153).

54 The no-profit rule obliges a director not to retain any profit which he has
made through the use of the company’s property, information or opportunities
to which he has access by virtue of being a director, without the fully
informed consent of the company. The rule is again a strict one and liability
to account arises simply because profits are made (see Regal (Hastings) at
144).

55 The rule against self-dealing prohibits a director from entering, on behalf
of the company, into an arrangement or transaction with himself or with a
company or firm in which he is interested (see Tan Hup Thye v Refco
(Singapore) Pte Ltd [2010] 3 SLR 1069 at [29]). There is “self-dealing”
because the director essentially acts on behalf of both parties in such a
transaction.

56 It can be seen that there is indeed overlap between the no-conflict rule,
no-profit rule and rule against self-dealing. A director who enters into a
self-dealing transaction would inevitably be in a position of conflict and, if
a profit is made, would be in breach of the duty not to make a profit out of
his position. For that reason, the no-profit rule and rule against self-
dealing have been described as particular instances of the broader duty of a
director not to place himself in a position of conflict (see Walter Woon on
Company Law at para 8.45). In turn, there is overlap between the no-conflict
rule and a director’s duty to act in the best interests of the company, “for
when a director makes his interests paramount, invariably he will not be
acting in the best interests of his company” (Walter Woon on Company Law at
para 8.39).

97 From these observations, it becomes clear that the two relevant duties in
the present case are the “no-conflict rule” and the “rule against self-
dealing”, both of which are part of the “broader duty” of a director not to
place himself in a position of conflict.

98 From my findings above, it was apparent that the Defendant had breached
both these duties.

99 The Defendant had clearly breached the rule against self-dealing because he
purported to represent the interests of all parties or more than one party in
the following agreements/transactions:

(a) the Management Fee Agreements for the years 2013 and 2014 between DDAS and
the Plaintiff;

(b) the Novation Agreement between First Marine, DDPTE and the Plaintiff where
the Defendant represented all three parties;

(c) the DDPTE Loan agreement and the Business Services Agreement, where the
Defendant signed on behalf of DDPTE and the Plaintiff; and

(d) the Tripartite Agreement between the Plaintiff, Treatmil and AMS SG where
the Defendant signed on behalf of the Plaintiff and Treatmil (and where AMS SG
did not sign the Tripartite Agreement).

100 From these facts, the Defendant also contravened the no-conflict rule in
respect of the Four Transactions – he placed himself in situations where his
personal interest might conflict with those of the Plaintiff, whose interest
he was bound to protect, giving rise to a risk that he may prefer his interest
over the Plaintiff’s.

101 The Defendant was a director of the Plaintiff and the chairman of
Treatmil, 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

ABD1, p 289.

giving rise to a breach of the no-conflict rule in relation to Treatmil
Payment. A breach also existed with respect to the TY Global Payments: the
Plaintiff’s money was transferred (albeit via an indirect route) to Rocky
Point, a company wholly and ultimately controlled and owned by the Defendant.
As for the DDPTE Loan and the DDAS Payments, the Defendant also contravened
the no-conflict rule because he had used the Plaintiff’s funds essentially to
extend loans to and/or engage the services of companies of which he was the
ultimate beneficial shareholder.

102 In particular, with respect to the DDPTE Loan, the Defendant caused the
Plaintiff to enter into the Business Services Agreement purportedly for the
provision of DDPTE’s services to ensure that the novation of First Marine’s
rights to the Plaintiff would be successful. However, the Defendant was also a
key player in DDPTE: 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

NE, 2 March 2017 (Day 3), p 115, line 21 to p 116, line 5.

Q: Okay. Let me ask you this question again. What was DDPTE bringing to the
table? There is [First Marine], there is Traxiar, and there is DDPTE. What was
DDPTE bringing to the table such that Traxiar must give it a loan of 1.7
million?

A: Erm, DDPTE represents all the---the software or the human capital, the
competence, er, to actually, erm, make this, erm, project viable.

Q: But did you not just tell us that DDPTE has no employees except you?

A: I will---just also said to you that all of the services in DDPTE, er, was
mostly supported by the, er, organisation in Oslo.

Q: I see. And [First Marine], all the services were supported by whom, since
it has no employees?

A: The commer---the commercial services of [First Marine] is a combination of,
er---of, er, the director and also the same set up, the services in Norway.

Q: So, conveniently, you are the person behind all these companies?

A: Er, yes in the sense of---

Q: Thank you.

Ct: Hold on slowly. So your answer is “yes”?

A: Yes.

103 As acknowledged by the Defendant, he was also the person behind DDPTE but
yet he moved the Plaintiff to engage DDPTE’s services. The facts in relation
to the genesis of and purpose underlying the Novation Agreement, DDPTE Loan
agreement and Business Services Agreement pointed to the Defendant’s blatant
breach of the no-conflict rule.

104 Although the no-conflict rule would have been breached even where there
was no actual conflict or loss to the company as long as there was a risk of
conflict (see [96] above, citing Nordic at [53]), the present case involved an
actual materialisation of the said risk because the Defendant had in fact used
the Borrowed Funds to make payments to his related companies instead of using
the said funds for their intended purpose of purchasing the Somnath. As a
result of his actions, which had been taken to benefit his other companies in
breach of the no-conflict rule, the Plaintiff failed to purchase the Somnath
and defaulted on its instalment payments due under the Settlement Agreement
with Symphony.

105 The Defendant argued 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 67; Defendant’s Reply Submissions at
para 22.

that he did not breach these rules because he had on 12 April 2013, pursuant
to s 156(5) of the CA, disclosed his interests in DDAS, DDPTE, Treatmil and
Rocky Point to the Plaintiff’s board of directors. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

ABD1, pp 288–289.

This argument was a non-starter. A director’s statutory obligation to disclose
interests to the company’s board under s 156 of the CA is independent of the
general duty to avoid conflicts of interests stemming from the no-conflict
rule and the rule against self-dealing (see also Corporate Law at para 09.084
and Walter Woon on Company Law at para 8.52). In fact, s 156(14) of the CA
expressly provides that s 156 “shall be in addition to and not in derogation
of the operation of any rule of law” [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]. As such, the Defendant’s submission conflated the director’s
statutory obligation to disclose his interests in related entities with the
director’s obligation to avoid conflicts of interest at general law. If
anything, disclosure pursuant to s 156(5) of the CA would only mean that the
Defendant would not incur civil and criminal liability under s 156 of the CA
which was, in any event, not the Plaintiff’s case.

106 Instead, at general law, a breach of the no-conflict rule will be avoided
only where there is full disclosure to all the shareholders of all the
material facts and shareholders’ approval is subsequently obtained (see Dayco
Products Singapore Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Ong Cheng Aik [2004] 4 SLR(R)
318 at [13], citing with approval the English Court of Appeal’s decision in
Gwembe Valley Development Co Ltd v Koshy (No 3) [2004] 1 BCLC 131 at [65]).
This is clearly distinct from the statutory obligation under s 156 of the CA:
disclosure under the CA is made to the company’s board of directors and is
governed by the parameters stipulated in s 156 of the CA, while disclosure
under general law is to the shareholders and full disclosure of all the
material facts is required.

107 Accordingly, the Defendant could have avoided a breach of the no-conflict
rule only if full disclosure had been made to the Plaintiff’s shareholders of
all the material facts relating to the Four Transactions. I now turn to
address this alternative submission, which is also germane to the other
breaches of duties allegedly committed by the Defendant.

Relevance of shareholders’ ratification

108 The Defendant submitted that he ought to be excused from the alleged
breaches because he had obtained the informed consent of Treatmil, its
majority shareholder. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 68–71; Defendant’s Reply Submissions
at para 23.

In support, the Defendant relied on the minutes of a meeting of Treatmil’s
board of directors dated 3 December 2013 (“the Minutes”). 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents, Tab 2, pp 4–6.

Even if majority shareholder approval is sufficient to excuse a director from
his breaches as a matter of law (see Ho Kang Peng at [59]), I found that there
was no such ratification on the facts for three reasons.

109 First, Treatmil’s consent was purportedly obtained on 3 December 2013, at
a time when it had yet to become the majority shareholder of the Plaintiff. In
fact, the very purpose of the meeting was to approve Treatmil’s subscription
to a 51% share in the Plaintiff. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents, Tab 2, p 4.

The Defendant provided no case law in support of his point that a prospective
majority shareholder could prospectively approve of a prospective transaction
to be undertaken by its prospective company.

110 Second, even if Treatmil’s consent could be said to have been valid until
it became a majority shareholder of the Plaintiff, Treatmil’s informed consent
had not been obtained through full and frank disclosure. It is established law
that shareholders can only release directors from their obligations to the
company, following a full and frank disclosure made by the directors (see Ho
Kang Peng at [59], citing Bamford v Bamford [1970] Ch 212 at 237H–238B). Chong
J in Nordic described this rule as demonstrating that the “informed consent of
the shareholders” was required (at [92]). A perusal of the Minutes 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents, Tab 2, pp 4–6.

did not reveal any evidence of full and frank disclosure capable of giving
rise to informed consent on Treatmil’s part allowing the Defendant to
undertake the Four Transactions. There was no specific reference to the
Defendant’s arrangements to make payments to DDPTE, DDAS, Treatmil and TY
Global. Although the Minutes did state in very broad and vague fashion that
“[e]ach of the Directors present formally notified the Meeting of any interest
in the business to be dealt with at the Meeting”, 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents, Tab 2, p 4.

there was no evidence as to what had actually been disclosed for me to
conclude that Treatmil’s informed consent had been obtained. In any event,
this disclosure would have been in the Defendant’s capacity as Treatmil’s
director to Treatmil’s board, and not in his capacity as the Plaintiff’s
director to its majority shareholder. This is especially in light of the fact
that the context of the meeting involved Treatmil’s acquisition of shares in
the Plaintiff – any disclosure would likely have pertained to that order of
business.

111 Third, even where full disclosure is made, where creditors’ interests are
at risk, the shareholders’ purported ratification of a director’s actions is
ineffective. The Court of Appeal briefly considered this question in Raffles
Town Club Pte Ltd v Lim Eng Hock Peter [2013] 1 SLR 374 (“Raffles Town Club”)
at [45]:

In our view, in the absence of any factor that would disqualify shareholders
from ratifying unauthorised or unlawful acts of directors, we see no reason
why a company may not waive any claims it may have against its directors for
any kind of liability where the company is solvent. As Street CJ said in
[Kinsela v Russell Kinsela Pty Ltd (1986) 4 NSWLR 722 (“Kinsela”)] (at 730 and
732):

… In a solvent company the proprietary interests of the shareholders entitle
them as a general body to be regarded as the company when questions of the
duty of directors arise. If, as a general body, they authorise or ratify a
particular action of the directors, there can be no challenge to the validity
of what the directors have done. But where a company is insolvent the
interests of the creditors intrude. They become prospectively entitled to,
through the mechanism of liquidation, to displace the power of the
shareholders and directors to deal with the company’s assets …

…

It is … legally and logically acceptable to recognise that, where directors
involved in a breach of their duty to the company affecting the interests of
shareholders, then shareholders can either authorise that breach in prospect
or ratify it in retrospect. Where, however, the interests at risk are those of
creditors I see no reason in law or in logic to recognise that the
shareholders can authorise the breach …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

112 In my judgment, I do not think the Court of Appeal in Raffles Town
intended to confine its decision solely to cases of technical insolvency, to
the exclusion of cases of near insolvency or “parlous financial state”. This
can be discerned from its endorsement of Street CJ’s observations in Kinsela
that the relevant yardstick is whether the creditors’ interests are at risk
and not whether the company was technically insolvent. This reading is also in
line with the Court of Appeal’s previous decision in Progen Engineering which
observed that directors have a fiduciary duty to take into account the
interests of the company’s creditors even when the company is not technically
insolvent but in a “parlous financial position” (see [83] above). Further, two
of the three judges who decided Progen Engineering were in the coram which
decided Raffles Town Club two years later. Most importantly, the rationale as
to why ratification by shareholders should not be given effect in cases of
actual insolvency is similarly applicable to cases where the company is near
insolvency. When creditors’ interests may be compromised in the future, it is
not the proper role of the shareholders to ratify the actions of directors
which might otherwise expose these directors to liability – this is because
the duties held by the directors are not just for the benefit of the
shareholders, but also for the benefit of its creditors. Accordingly, I took
the view that shareholders cannot ratify the wrongdoings of the company’s
directors where the company is insolvent or where the creditors’ interests are
endangered.

113 This rule was infringed in this case. As mentioned, the Defendant relied
on the Minutes which were dated 3 December 2013. This pre-dated the latest
possible point in time that the Plaintiff entered a parlous financial state,
ie, 27 December 2013 (see [92] above). Any prior consent by the shareholders
would have been subject to a consideration of the creditors’ interests by that
time. That date was critical because most of the monies involved in the Four
Transactions were transferred out of the Plaintiff on or after 27 December
2013.

114 For these reasons, I found that the Defendant’s breaches of directors’
duties could not be excused on account of ratification.

Intent to carry out a fraudulent scheme under s 340(1) of the CA

115 While I found that the Defendant had not acted bona fide in the interests
of the Plaintiff, I could not conclude that the Defendant had engaged in
fraudulent trading under s 340(1) of the CA. I note that it was also not the
Liquidators’ case that such a conclusion would automatically follow from a
finding of a breach of directors’ duties.

116 Although the criminal standard of proof is not required and the standard
of proof remains that of one on a balance of probabilities, the more serious
the allegation of fraud, the more the party bearing the burden of proof may
have to do to make out its case: Tang Yoke Kheng (trading as Niklex Supply Co)
v Lek Benedict and others [2005] 3 SLR(R) 263 (“Tang Yoke Kheng”) at [14].

117 For the Liquidators to make out their case for fraudulent trading under s
340(1) of the CA, they had to show that (1) the Plaintiff’s business had been
carried out with the intention of defrauding the Plaintiff’s creditors or
creditors of any other person or for any fraudulent purpose and (2) the
Defendant was knowingly a party to the business being carried out in that
manner (see M+W Singapore Pte Ltd v Leow Tet Sin and another [2015] 2 SLR 271
at [102]). I found that the first element was not established on the facts
before me.

118 For fraud to be shown, there must be an element of dishonesty which
results in the deception of a creditor (see Tang Yoke Kheng at [7]) and it
must also be demonstrated that the directors had intended to gain an advantage
(see Liquidator of Leong Seng Hin Piling Pte Ltd v Chan Ah Lek and others
[2007] 2 SLR(R) 77 at [17]). For such an inference of dishonesty to be drawn
from the evidence, as observed by Menzies J in the High Court of Australia
decision of Hardie v Hanson (1960) 105 CLR 451 at 467, “something else, such
as misrepresentation of the position or an intention to use goods purchased on
credit for the purposes of dishonest gain, which gives it a fraudulent
character” must be shown.

119 While there were some areas of concern that arose on the evidence before
me, they were ultimately not sufficiently strong to support a finding of fraud
on the Defendant’s part, even on the civil standard. In relation to the
Symphony Loan, the Liquidators argued that the Defendant’s fraudulent
intentions could be discerned from the following facts: the retention of the
Symphony Loan monies in DDPTE’s Bank Account instead of being used to secure
the purchase of the Somnath, the Defendant’s misrepresentation to Symphony on
the use of the first tranche of funds, and the Defendant’s non-disclosure of
the side letter mentioned at [16] above (“Side Letter”). 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 121–150.

None of this was sufficient to convince me that the Defendant intended to
defraud Symphony because there was an alternative explanation that could
justify these actions.

120 I deal first with the point on the retention of the Symphony Loan monies
in DDPTE’s Bank Account. In my view, this mere fact was insufficient to
support the Liquidator’s conclusion that the Defendant had intended to defraud
Symphony by “ring-fencing” its funds to prevent recovery in enforcement
proceedings. The Defendant’s use of DDPTE’s Bank Account was not for want of
trying – there was some documentary evidence that the Defendant did try to
open a new bank account in the Plaintiff’s name. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

NE, 2 March 2017 (Day 3), p 55, line 28 to p 57, line 5.

The Defendant also explained that several of the companies within his group
shared the use of DDPTE’s Bank Account. This was explicable given that most of
these companies were essentially controlled by him and it could have been more
expedient to use the same bank account. The Defendant also testified that all
monetary transactions in and out of DDPTE’s Bank Account had been duly and
properly accounted for and were subject to an auditing process. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NE, 7 March 2017 (Day 5), p 128, lines 14–32.

These points militated against a finding of fraudulent intention.

121 On the Liquidators’ point of the Defendant’s use of the first tranche of
the Symphony Loan for other purposes other than the purchase of the Somnath, I
have concluded above that the Four Transactions were in breach of the
Defendant’s duty to act bona fide in the best interests of the Plaintiff.
However, this did not inevitably lead to the conclusion that he was defrauding
Symphony because the Symphony Loan agreement did not proscribe these payments.
I was sympathetic to the Defendant’s argument on its understanding of the
Symphony Loan agreement. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 143–144.

Clause 2.2 of the Symphony Loan agreement permitted the Plaintiff to use the
Symphony Loan “for other expenses related to the [Somnath]”. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Defendant’s AEIC, DOD-24, p 374.

Thus, contrary to the Liquidators’ submissions, the Symphony Loan was not
solely required to be used to pay the First Deposit to GOL Offshore.
Accordingly, in the absence of clear evidence that the Four Transactions had
been undertaken with the intention of avoiding repayment of the Symphony Loan,
I was unable to find fraud on the part of the Defendant.

122 In relation to the alleged misrepresentation made by the Defendant to
Symphony in an email dated 4 June 2014, the Defendant was upfront and candidly
admitted in his AEIC as well as at trial that the email was “imprecise” and
contained inaccuracies. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 128 –130; NE, 7 March 2017 (Day 5), p 36, line 19 to
p 38, line 19.

From a perusal of the email, 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

ABD2, pp 1140–1141.

it was likely that these inaccuracies were not merely an honest mistake given
that the two largest payments were false. However, even if the Defendant had
lied in this email, this did not lead to the inevitable conclusion that he had
intended to defraud Symphony all along. This lie could very well have been
developed in response to Symphony’s request for information as to how the
first tranche had been spent, simply to appease Symphony that some payments in
connection with the acquisition of the Somnath had been made. Lastly, with
respect to the non-disclosure of the Side Letter, I was satisfied with the
Defendant’s explanation at trial 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

NE, 7 March 2017 (Day 5), p 64, line 23 to p 65, line 4.

that he believed that the Plaintiff was contractually bound to observe the
confidentially obligations to GOL Offshore pursuant to the terms of the Side
Letter. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

ABD1, pp 132–147.

123 With respect to the AMS Loan, given my findings above that AMS SG was
unaware of the sham Tripartite Agreement and the consequent proposed
arrangement to reduce the quantum of the loan amount to the Plaintiff, it
could not be said that AMS SG had been deceived by the actions of the
Defendant. In fact, AMS SG’s records 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

ABD4, p 2908.

still showed that the full amount of the AMS Loan with interest was owed by
the Plaintiff (see [14] above).

124 Overall, I had serious doubts as to whether the Defendant had the
dishonest intention to defraud the Plaintiff’s creditors when he procured the
Symphony Loan and the AMS Loan, for two reasons.

125 First, there was unchallenged evidence that the Defendant had worked with
the brokers, GOL Offshore and various other parties for more than two years to
secure contracts for the purchase of the Somnath. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 12 and 62.

There was also evidence of contracts signed to purchase the Somnath and the
Liquidators did not make the argument that these were sham documents (unlike
numerous other documents concerning the Four Transactions which the
Liquidators sought to label as sham documents). In this context, it was more
likely that both the Symphony Loan and the AMS Loan had truly been procured to
fund the intended purchase of the Somnath, as the Defendant had represented to
these creditors, and not for the purpose of allowing the Defendant to siphon
those funds. There was accordingly insufficient evidence of any
misrepresentation or dishonest intention on the part of the Defendant in
procuring these loans.

126 Second, as the Defendant pointed out, 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 39–40.

it was telling that the AMS Loan had been secured on the Defendant’s personal
assets. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

ABD1 at p 127.

If someone had truly intended to deceive another, it would be completely
incongruous for the first-named person to take on personal liabilities and put
his own assets at risk in connection with the very same act of deception. For
that reason, I was of the view that at least with regard to the AMS Loan, this
was a strong factor militating against the finding of a dishonest intention.

127 Overall, there was insufficient evidence that the Defendant had intended
to deceive the Plaintiff’s creditors in procuring these loans. I was not
convinced that the Defendant had possessed this dishonest intention to deceive
the Plaintiff’s creditors from the very outset when procuring the Borrowed
Funds. He was undoubtedly unscrupulous in his dealings between the Plaintiff
and his related companies but he did not appear to me to be a fraudster who
took the loans from Symphony and AMS SG with no intention of repaying them. In
fact, he did pay back Symphony close to half of the Symphony Loan (ie,
US$2.75m) under the Settlement Agreement. For these reasons, I declined to
find in favour of the Liquidators under s 340(1) of the CA.

Losses claimed

128 At the trial, the Liquidators claimed damages amounting to US$7,579,960.
171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Seah Chee Wei’s AEIC at paras 175 and 200.

This amount was different from that claimed in the Plaintiff’s statement of
claim, which stated a higher amount of US$8,092,751.29. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Statement of Claim at para 145.

129 The Liquidators acknowledged that the quantum of damages claimed in their
SOC was higher than that at trial, but argued that it caused no prejudice to
the Defendant given that the amount at trial was significantly lower and the
Liquidators had confirmed their willingness to proceed on the basis of the
lower amount. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 106.

130 I accepted that the amount claimed by the Plaintiff, at least for trial,
was US$7,579,960. While this was a deviation from the amount pleaded, the
Liquidators’ pleadings sufficiently raised the question of damages, and the
lower amount could be proceeded with even without any amendment to the
pleadings. I was satisfied that the sum of US$7,579,960 represented the loss
that had been suffered by the Plaintiff through the breaches of the Defendant
identified above in making the Four Transactions, giving due credit for
legitimate outgoing payments that reduced the amount lost.

131 I should add that the Defendant’s case was primarily concerned with
rebutting the claims of breaches of directors’ duties and consequently, there
was limited consideration on the question of the appropriate quantum of
damages to be awarded.

132 Accordingly, I awarded the sum of US$7,579,960 as damages, reflecting the
loss caused by the Defendant’s breach of his duties owed as director, with the
usual interest.

Miscellaneous

133 The Defendant additionally submitted that he had acted honestly and
reasonably and that having regard to all the specific circumstances, he ought
fairly to be excused from liability pursuant to s 391 of the CA. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 156–164.

For relief under s 391 of the CA to be granted, the director must show that
(1) he has acted honestly, (2) he has acted reasonably, and (3) that it is
fair to excuse him for his default (see W&P Piling Pte Ltd v Chew Yin What
[2007] 4 SLR(R) 218 at [77]). Based on my findings above, since the Defendant
had made payments out of the Plaintiff’s coffers to his related companies and
failed to provide any evidence of corresponding benefits that were received by
the Plaintiff, his breaches could not properly be excused under s 391 of the
CA.

134 For completeness, I note that at the start of the proceedings, the
Liquidators had sought to admit two hearsay statements in support of their
claim against the Defendant. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 27 February 2017 at para 2.

These were affidavits made by two witnesses in the US proceedings, Abraham and
one Gwendolyn Rosales (“Rosales”). Primary reliance was placed on s
32(1)(j)(iii) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the EA”). However, I
found that the Plaintiff had failed to establish that it was not practicable
to secure the attendances of both witnesses, as required under that section.
On what was before me, I could not find that the Plaintiff had expended
proportionately reasonable efforts to secure their attendances. In addition, I
found that the alternative ground for admissibility under s 32(1)(c) of the EA
was not made out with respect to Abraham as there was inconclusive evidence of
the statements made by him indicating any adverse interests. There remained
other equally plausible explanations for what had transpired. In respect of
Rosales, the Plaintiff additionally relied on the grounds for admissibility
contained in s 32(1)(j)(iv) of the EA and in the alternative, O 38 r 2(1) of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed). I did not think that there was
sufficient evidence to establish that Rosales was recalcitrant, nor did I find
that there were sufficient grounds to exercise my discretion to admit the
hearsay evidence. The Plaintiff accordingly failed on both grounds.

Conclusion

135 For the above reasons, I ordered the Defendant to pay the Plaintiff the
sum of US$7,579,960 flowing from the Defendant’s breaches of director’s
duties. No declaration or order was made under s 340(1) of the CA. I ordered
costs and disbursements to be fixed at S$180,000 to be paid by the Defendant
to the Plaintiff.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

Letchamanan Devadason and Bernice Leong Huiqi (LegalStandard LLP) for the
Plaintiff;  
Kronenburg Edmund Jerome, Ho Mingjie Kevin and Tan Po Nin Jeslyn (Braddell
Brothers LLP) for the Defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

