Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGCA 86

Civil Appeal No 134 of 2018

Between

Low Kwang Tong

… Appellant

And

(1) Karen Teo Mei Ling

(2) Ng Wei Xiang Stanley

(3) Lim Siew Ming

… Respondents

EX TEMPORE judgment

[Land] — [Strata titles] — [Collective sales]

  
  
This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Low Kwang Tong

  
v  

Karen Teo Mei Ling and others

[2018] SGCA 86

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 134 of 2018  
Tay Yong Kwang JA, Belinda Ang Saw Ean J, Quentin Loh J  
29 November 2018

Tay Yong Kwang JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 This appeal concerns an application under s 84A of the Land Titles (Strata)
Act (Cap 158, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) by the collective sale committee of an
industrial complex known as Citimac Industrial Complex (“Citimac”), which is
located at the junction of MacPherson Road and Paya Lebar Road. Citimac
comprises 110 units. The appellant owns unit #01-18 on the first level. It was
previously a showroom but in 2009, an application was made for change of use
to a canteen. The application for change of use was approved and this has not
changed to date.

2 The trial Judge in the High Court considered the relevant statutory
provision set out in s 84A(9) of the Act and the principles enunciated in the
decision of the Court of Appeal in Ng Eng Ghee and others v Mamata Kapildev
Dave and others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd, intervener) and another appeal
[2009] 3 SLR(R) 109 at [32] to [37] of his Grounds of Decision (“GD”)
(published as Teo Mei Ling Karen and others v Low Kwang Tong and another
[2018] SGHC 186) and we are satisfied that he has made no error of law in
doing so. In our opinion, an applicant under s 84A of the Act complies with
his duties under the law if he has complied with all relevant statutory
requirements for collective sales and has spelt out all relevant facts which
show purported compliance with his duties and nothing untoward appears on the
face of the record. It is then for any objector to point out by credible
evidence that some or all of the stated facts are inaccurate or even false or
that there are some other facts which will demonstrate that the transaction is
not in good faith within the meaning of the Act. The applicant will have to
respond to these assertions and the Court will make its determination of the
facts and express its view on whether the transaction is or is not in good
faith on the facts.

3 The main contention before us is that the collective sale committee’s
valuation report dated 23 February 2016 prepared by Mr Tan Keng Chiam of Jones
Lang LaSalle Property Consultants Pte Ltd (“the TKC valuation report”) was
obviously erroneous or even fundamentally flawed on its face. The first level
units were to be valued as individual units. The TKC valuation report valued
unit #01-18 as a showroom instead of as a canteen or eatery without
explanation.

4 The trial Judge heard oral testimony and cross-examination of the relevant
witnesses on the TKC valuation report and the other valuation reports put up
by the two objectors before him and considered this issue at length in his GD.
The appellant is the only objector before us. The trial Judge did not find the
appellant’s valuation report dated 27 December 2017 prepared by Mr Low Fook
Kiong of George Low Company to be helpful. We have not heard compelling
arguments to persuade us to depart from his findings. We therefore see no
reason to disagree with the trial Judge’s conclusions.

5 As noted by the trial Judge at [37] of his GD, the appropriate method of
apportionment of the collective sales proceeds was not in dispute. It was to
be 90% valuation and 10% share value. That method was adopted in computing the
entitlement of the units to the collective sale proceeds. Like the trial
Judge, we see nothing to satisfy us that the collective sale transaction was
not in good faith and therefore there was no reason for the Court not to
approve it.

6 We will however make a few observations on the TKC valuation report. We note
that the trial Judge said at [78] of his GD that the TKC valuation report did
not explain the reasons for the individual valuation of each first level
showroom unit as the valuer was not asked by the collective sale committee to
provide explanations for his valuation of the units but was asked only to
value all the units in Citimac. The TKC valuation report at paragraph 1 states
that the instruction for the valuation report was “to determine the market
value for their existing use of the selected units” in Citimac. The words
“existing use” appear again at paragraph 12 where the unit rates in Singapore
dollars per square foot for all the units were listed. In paragraphs 8 and 12
of the TKC valuation report, the appellant’s unit #01-18 was stated to be a
“showroom” under “Type”. It was acknowledged by the valuer that he was also
instructed to value the units on the first level as individual units.

7 Given this background, it would be apparent that questions will arise
because the “existing use” of unit #01-18 was a canteen or an eatery, the
owner having obtained approval of change of use some years ago and it was no
longer a showroom. To the credit of the collective sale committee, it did ask
the marketing agent to check whether the valuer had taken into account
#01-18’s change of use in his valuation. The valuer’s assurance to the
marketing agent that he had done so was then conveyed to the collective sale
committee. If the TKC valuation report had included a sentence or two that
unit #01-18 was approved for use as a canteen but the valuer decided to value
it as a showroom because that was the best use in the circumstances and
therefore the highest value, that would have obviated the clarification and
perhaps dispel the appellant’s suspicion that the subsequent explanations were
all afterthoughts to try to cover up a mistake.

8 In the result, we are satisfied that the trial Judge was entitled to arrive
at the conclusions that he did and that he was correct in approving the
application and in granting the collective sale order. We therefore dismiss
this appeal.

9 After considering the parties’ submissions on costs, we order the appellant
to pay the costs of this appeal fixed at $35,000 (inclusive of disbursements)
to the respondents. This amount includes the costs of the application for an
expedited appeal. We also make the usual consequential orders.

Tay Yong Kwang Belinda Ang Saw Ean Quentin Loh  
Judge of Appeal Judge Judge

Adrian Tan Gim Hai, Ong Pei Ching and Yeoh Jean Ann (TSMP Law Corporation)
(instructed) and Ng Siew Hoong Linus and Ngaim Ruo Ling (Donaldson &
Burkinshaw LLP) for the appellant;  
Jason Lim Chen Thor, Kevin De Souza and Geena Liaw Jin Yi (De Souza Lim & Goh
LLP) for the respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

