Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 127

Suit No 85 of 2017

(Registrar’s Appeal No 338 of 2017)

Between

(1)| International Financial Services (S) Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Thomas Fewtrell  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Old Mutual International Isle of Man Ltd Singapore Branch (formerly known
as Royal Skandia Life Assurance Limited (Singapore Branch))  
---|---  
(2)| AAM Advisory Pte Ltd (formerly known as PKF-AAM Fund Advisory Pte Ltd)  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Tort] — [Confidence]

[Civil Procedure] — [Pleadings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
International Financial Services (S) Pte Ltd and another

  

v

  

Old Mutual International Isle of Man Ltd Singapore Branch and another

[2018] SGHC 127

High Court — Suit No 85 of 2017 (Registrar’s Appeal No 338 of 2017)  
Valerie Thean J  
15 February, 26 March 2018

28 May 2018

Valerie Thean J:

Introduction

1 The first plaintiff, International Financial Services (S) Pte Ltd (“IFS”),
provides business and management consultancy and financial advisory services.
The second plaintiff, Thomas Fewtrell (“Mr Fewtrell”) is a director and
shareholder of IFS. The first defendant, Old Mutual International Isle of Man
Limited Singapore Branch (“OMI”), sells wealth management and life assurance
financial products. The second defendant, AAM Advisory Pte Ltd (“AAM”), is
wholly owned by Old Mutual International Holdings Limited, an affiliate of
OMI. OMI sells its products through various companies that employ advisors to
engage clients. Two such companies were IFS and AAM.

2 The present suit was brought by the plaintiffs against the defendants for
breach of confidence and conspiracy by unlawful means. Both heads of claim
arose from the use of information obtained by the defendants in the context of
three contracts. The first contract was a loan granted by OMI to Mr Fewtrell
to secure the working capital of IFS. The other two were guarantees to OMI
securing the loan: one from IFS and the other from Mr Fewtrell’s wife, Ms
Louise Joan Kidd. These contracts did not contain any express term as to
confidentiality. The plaintiffs contended the defendants owed them an implied
duty of confidentiality,

3 The defendants sought to strike out the action. Their application was first
dismissed by an Assistant Registrar on 23 October 2017. The key question posed
by the defendants’ application was whether, within this contractual context,
there could be implied a term that the following information would be
protected by the law of confidence: the existence of a creditor-debtor
relationship between parties; the default of IFS and Mr Fewtrell on the
guarantee and loan; and that OMI were in the process of recovering the loan. I
answered this key question in the negative on 26 March, allowing the
defendants’ appeal with brief oral reasons. The plaintiffs have appealed and I
now furnish my grounds of decision.

Background

4 On 28 July 2014, OMI, which is incorporated in the Isle of Man and
registered in Singapore, entered into an agreement (“the Loan Agreement”) to
loan S$1,800,000 to Mr Fewtrell (“the Loan”). Mr Fewtrell is an 81%
shareholder and one of two directors in IFS. The other is Mr Christopher
Ivinson. The purpose of the Loan was to repay the outstanding capital and
interest owing under two earlier loans taken by IFS on 23 October 2013 and 22
May 2014 which remained unpaid, and to fund IFS’ business needs. The Loan was
secured by two guarantees, one from IFS (“the Guarantee”) dated 25 July 2014,
and another from Ms Kidd, dated 2 June 2014. English law governed the Loan and
Guarantee, with the English courts having exclusive jurisdiction over any
disputes arising.

5 The Loan was not repaid. On 27 September 2016, OMI’s English solicitors
wrote separately to Mr Fewtrell, IFS and Ms Kidd to demand payment of
outstanding sums due and payable under the Loan, and to call on the two
guarantees. No response to this letter was received from any of the three
parties. Instead, on 10 November 2016, IFS’ solicitors wrote to OMI and AAM
contending that confidential information relating to the Loan and the
Guarantee had been disclosed to employees of IFS; and that OMI and AAM had
unlawfully interfered with the contracts between IFS and its employees,
causing damage. On 22 November 2016, OMI’s English solicitors responded to
IFS’ solicitors denying the allegations and requesting for particulars and
information. IFS did not reply. The plaintiffs commenced this suit thereafter,
on 1 February 2017. On 23 March 2017, OMI commenced action in the English
courts against Mr Fewtrell, IFS and Ms Kidd to recover the Loan and to call on
the two guarantees.

6 On 7 September 2017, after two sets of further and better particulars were
served pursuant to requests dated 11 April 2017 and 31 May 2017, the
defendants applied to strike out the Statement of Claim under O 18 r 19 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 332, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

HC/SUM 4103/2017.

Statement of Claim sought to be struck out

7 On 5 February 2018, after the Assistant Registrar had dismissed the
defendant’s application and the matter was pending appeal, the plaintiffs
filed an application to amend their Statement of Claim. This application was
still pending at the time of the hearing before me, although it was withdrawn
after I delivered my decision. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AR’s Minute Sheet dated 23 April 2018.

At the hearing, arguments were premised upon the proposed amended pleading.
Nothing turns upon the amendments, save in respect of a point on damages dealt
with below, at [51]. Reference to the Statement of Claim in these grounds,
save where indicated otherwise, is to the draft amended Statement of Claim
proposed by the plaintiffs.

8 Paragraph 12 of the Statement of Claim listed the following information as
confidential:

(a) The fact that IFS and International Financial Services (Qatar) LLC (“IFS
Qatar”) were in need of a loan of S$1,800,000 in order to support their
business and working capital requirements.

(b) The fact that Mr Fewtrell had obtained a loan of S$1,800,000 from OMI
pursuant to the Loan Agreement in order to provide IFS and/or IFS Qatar with
loans to support their business and working capital requirements.

(c) The fact that IFS had entered into the Guarantee to guarantee and
indemnify Mr Fewtrell’s obligations to OMI under the Loan Agreement.

(d) Mr Fewtrell’s financial circumstances and the fact that Mr Fewtrell had
defaulted on his obligations under the Loan Agreement as he was unable to make
repayments in accordance with the Loan Agreement.

(e) The fact that OMI had issued a demand to IFS under the Guarantee, by way
of a letter dated 27 September 2016, purporting to notify Mr Fewtrell of
events of default and requiring Mr Fewtrell to repay all alleged outstanding
sums under the Loan Agreement.

9 The plaintiffs alleged at paragraph 13 of the Statement of Claim that under
the Loan Agreement and the Guarantee, they had a reasonable expectation that
such information would remain confidential given the nature of the lender-
borrower and lender-guarantor relationship between the parties. In the
circumstances, OMI was subject to an equitable obligation not to disclose the
protected information.

10 Particulars of the breach of duty were listed at paragraph 14 of the
Statement of Claim. It was alleged that on 10 August 2016 and again on 27
August 2016, two AAM employees communicated the following to two IFS
employees:

(a) OMI had lent monies to Mr Fewtrell;

(b) IFS had guaranteed this loan from OMI to Mr Fewtrell;

(c) Mr Fewtrell and IFS were in default; and

(d) OMI was in the process of recovering the monies owing from Mr Fewtrell and
IFS.

11 The plaintiffs asserted that the information was not in the public domain:
apart from some of OMI’s employees, they were only known to a select few
individuals related to IFS who had been directly involved in the Loan
Agreement and/or the Guarantee. Because none of the latter group from IFS was
responsible, the AAM employees must have learnt the same from OMI. The
plaintiff further pleaded that an 8 September 2016 email sent by OMI’s
International Sales Director Mr Marcel Bradshaw (“Mr Bradshaw”), in response
to an email from Mr Ivinson, amounted to an “acknowledgement” that OMI had
revealed the information.

12 Subsequent to the disclosures, employees expressed concern about their
future at IFS and IFS’ viability. To address these concerns, Mr Fewtrell and
Mr Ivinson entered into separate agreements to award three key IFS employees
81,115 phantom shares each in IFS (“the Shares Agreement”). These phantom
shares were initially valued at S$2.88 each, and thereafter had a value equal
to the book value of IFS’ shares. Under the terms of the Shares Agreement, Mr
Fewtrell and Mr Ivinson committed to award each of the three individuals
further phantom shares (up to a limit of 81,924 phantom shares), depending on
their performance at work. The purpose of the Shares Agreement was to
incentivise these individuals so that they would stay as employees. The
plaintiffs therefore claimed as loss the value of the phantom shares committed
to the employees, the diversion of management time to deal with the
defendants’ actions, the impact on IFS’ business, and legal costs.

13 The plaintiffs also claimed, further and/or in the alternative, that OMI
and AAM had conspired to injure the plaintiffs by unlawful means. They stated
that OMI shared the information with AAM, which then revealed the same to IFS
staff, in the hope IFS staff would doubt IFS’ financial standing and question
whether they should remain in IFS. The loss caused to the plaintiffs by this
alleged act of conspiracy mirrors the loss stated in the preceding paragraph.

14 In the circumstances, the plaintiffs sought damages, and an injunction
restraining OMI from communicating any information relating to the Loan
Agreement to any party without the prior written consent of IFS and any
information relating to the Guarantee to any party without the prior written
consent of Mr Fewtrell.

Parties’ arguments

15 The defendants’ application was premised principally on their argument that
the information said to be confidential (supra [8]) was not protected by a
duty of confidence. Such facts as pleaded in paragraph 12 of the Statement of
Claim were not information of a confidential nature, and a duty of
confidentiality could not be implied by contract or in equity in relation to
the information pleaded. The plaintiffs also correctly pointed out that the
information pleaded to have been shared (supra [10]) was not the same as the
information sought to be protected. The differences were minor and nothing
turned upon the former being a smaller subset of the latter. For clarity, I
would mention that within these grounds of decision, the emphasis is on the
information which was pleaded as shared with others, being paragraph 14 of the
Statement of Claim, for the reason that it forms the focus of any breach of
the duty of confidence. If a duty confidence exists, for the plaintiffs to
make out their case, it must, at the lowest, cover the shared information, the
purported subject matter of the breach of that duty.

16 The second strand of the defendants’ case was a general failure of the
plaintiffs to plead their case with sufficient precision. In particular, the
plaintiffs did not specify how OMI had breached any duty of confidence. There
was no contention that OMI shared the information with AAM, nor was there any
properly pleaded damage. Furthermore, as the claim in unlawful conspiracy
hinged on that for breach of confidence, the former claim necessarily failed
as well.

17 The plaintiffs’ position was that their pleadings were sufficient,
maintaining that they were not required to set out the evidence on which they
would rely to prove their claims. They submitted that whether the requirements
in Coco v A N Clark (Engineers) Limited [1969] RPC 41 (“Coco v Clark”) (in
relation to equitable beach of confidence) and Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL
Holdings Pte Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 193 (“Sembcorp Marine”) (for implication of
terms in fact) were made out are matters for determination at trial.
Furthermore, the plaintiffs pointed out that the class of persons and/or
relationships which give rise to a duty of confidentiality are not closed, and
there is in any event no authority which states that a duty of confidence
cannot exist in the present circumstances.

18 At first instance, the Assistant Registrar agreed with the plaintiffs,
holding that the issues in respect of the implied term required adjudication
in a trial setting, with full consideration of the broader context of the
facts and circumstances. He reiterated, and this point was not disputed on
appeal, that the threshold for striking out, in line with Low Tuck Kwong v
Sukamto Sia [2010] SGHC 159 and Chee Siok Chin v Minister for Home Affairs
[2006] 1 SLR(R) 582, is a high one, with a need to show with clarity and
certainty that the claim was plainly unsustainable.

Issues

19 The following issues, therefore, arose for consideration:

(a) Did the defendants owe the plaintiffs a duty of confidence in respect of
the shared information?

(b) If such a duty existed, were the pleadings sufficient in respect of its
breach and the damage suffered?

(c) If (a) was answered in the negative, could the claim for the tort of
conspiracy be sustained?

20 I answered questions (a) and (c) in the negative on 26 March 2018. Arising
from the answer in (a), the claim in breach of confidence was no longer
sustainable. Dealing with (b) was not necessary and I did not deal with the
issue at the time. For reasons which I explain below, I also answer (b) in the
negative. I turn now to elaborate.

Breach of confidence

The information sought to be protected

21 Fundamental to any implied breach of confidence must the confidential
nature of the information which forms the subject matter of the breach.
Information which does not have the necessary quality of confidence cannot be
the subject of an action for breach of confidence: see John Hull, Commercial
Secrecy: Law and Practice (Sweet & Maxwell, 1998) at para 3.02. Here, the
information which was alleged to have been shared in breach of the duty of
confidence, supra [10] and [15], comprised: (i) the fact and relationship of
creditor and debtor; (ii) the fact of default and breach; and (iii) the fact
of the lender’s demand to repay.

Source of the duty of confidence

22 It was common ground that there was no express term of contract which
placed a duty of confidence upon the defendants in relation to the information
sought to be protected. Neither the Loan Agreement nor the Guarantee contained
a confidentiality clause. Any breach of a duty of confidence had to be
implied, either by contract or in equity.

Whether implied in law out of parties’ relationship

23 A first consideration was whether the duty could be implied into the
contracts in law, simply by virtue of their lender-borrower or lender-
guarantor relationships. This formed the basis of paragraph 13 of the
Statement of Claim.

24 The plaintiffs relied upon s 47 (read with s 40A) of the Banking Act (Cap
19, 2008 Rev Ed), which obliges banks (with limited exceptions) to maintain
confidentiality of any information or particulars relating to a loan account.
The defendants are not entities within the purview of the Banking Act,
however, a point conceded by the plaintiffs; and the need for Parliament to
intervene could itself suggest that the common law does not impose upon a
lender a duty of confidentiality vis-a-vis his relationship with the borrower.
The plaintiffs sought nevertheless to imply such a duty into lender and
borrower contracts.

25 In general, the court should be slow to imply a term in law, as it would
then apply to all contracts of the same class. Of relevance is Vinodh
Coomaraswamy J’s summary of the relevant principles in CAA Technologies Pte
Ltd v Newcon Builders Pte Ltd [2016] SGHC 246 (“CAA Technologies”) at [110],
citing Chua Choon Cheng and others v Allgreen Properties Ltd and another
appeal [2009] 3 SLR(R) 724, as follows:

(a) Implying a term in law lays down that term as a default provision in all
contracts of a definable class, subject of course to contrary agreement.

(b) When implying a term in law, the court is concerned with considerations of
fairness and policy in a defined class of contracts rather than with
ascertaining objectively and advancing the intentions of the parties in the
specific contract under consideration.

(c) A court should ordinarily exercise considerable restraint in holding a
particular term to be one implied in law, given that that term will then be an
implied term of all contracts of that class.

(d) All terms which are implied in law must be reasonable, but a term will not
be implied in law simply because it is reasonable.

26 In Tournier v National Provincial and Union Bank of England [1924] 1 KB 461
(“Tournier”), the English Court of Appeal held that it is an implied term of
the contract between a banker and his customer that entitled the customer to a
qualified duty of confidentiality, where the banker will not divulge to third
persons, without the consent of the customer, either the state of the
customer’s account or any of his transactions with the bank, or any
information relating to the customer acquired through the keeping of his
account, save in limited exceptional circumstances (pp 472-3). Banks LJ
nevertheless considered the confidentiality between the banker and his
customer to be acquired through the keeping of the latter’s account. In Bodnar
v Townsend [2003] TASSC 148 (“Bodnar”) the Supreme Court of Tasmania extended
this duty to credit unions because they performed a similar function to banks
where deposits were taken. Thus, Blow J held that the contract between the
credit union and its depositor/customer carried a like implied term to that
set out in Tournier.

27 A court “will recognise and enforce confidentiality only to the extent that
it is reasonable to do so”: see AAY and others v AAZ [2011] 1 SLR 1093, at
[57]. The onus was on the plaintiffs to show that it would be reasonable to
imply a duty of confidentiality between lender and borrower, and neither
Tournier nor Bodnar assisted in this regard. Where an entity is tasked as an
agent with keeping deposits, that duty creates a fiduciary relationship in the
context of the management of the account. To say, in that context, that
financial information relating to the account is confidential, is entirely
reasonable. The relationship is wholly different between an entity lending
money and its customer. It is also important to bear in mind that the matters
sought to be kept confidential here are not matters of financial information
revealed to secure the loan, but the fact of the debtor-lender relationship,
the debtors’ default in payment and the lender’s determination to take further
action. In my view, it would not be reasonable to regard this information as
confidential, for two reasons. First, the risk of such information becoming
public knowledge is a risk which borrowers in the market commonly bear, and
one which incentivises commercial actors to borrow and spend prudently.
Secondly, non-payment raises an expectation that a creditor would exercise his
rights through any legitimate commercial means. To do so, disclosure must
inevitably follow, first with advice from professionals, and then later, to
the world at large, in the pursuit of any remedy. The fact of the relationship
and the fact of default are commercial facts which cannot be said to be of a
confidential nature unless expressly provided for.

28 Support for this conclusion may be found in an established line of American
authority. In Graney Development Corp v Taksen 400 NYS2d 717 (“Graney”), a
bank customer sued the bank for statements made by the bank to officers of
another bank in relation to a loan. The Supreme Court of Monroe County
distinguished between instances where the bank dealt with a customer in
relation to deposits, received in its capacity as agent for the depositor, and
instances where the relationship between the bank and the plaintiff was solely
that of creditor and debtor. The court there held (at 720) that where the
relation between the bank and the debtor was only that of creditor and debtor,
the information which the bank obtains, as a party to a loan agreement, cannot
be expected to be kept confidential. Furthermore, the court held that “[o]ne
who defaults on his debts owed to a merchant cannot expect that his default
will be kept a secret.”

29 Graney was cited with approval by the Appellate Division of the New York
Supreme Court in Norkin v Hoey 586 NYS2d 926, in which the court held at 931:
“[w]e must agree with the court in Graney, that whatever expectations of
confidentiality may inhere in the traditional relationship between bank and
depositor, such expectations are wholly lacking in the context of the debtor-
creditor loan relationship”. In the same vein are the following decisions:
Boccardo v Citibank NA 579 NYS2d 836 at 838 (Supreme Court, New York County,
New York), Hopewell Enterprises Inc v Trustmark National Bank 680 So2d 812 at
817—818 (Supreme Court of Mississippi) and Schoneweis v Dando 435 NW2d 666 at
673 (Supreme Court of Nebraska). Although these decisions are not binding on
me, they nonetheless suggest that there is no reasonable expectation that such
information would be confidential.

30 The plaintiffs cited, in response, the decision of the Federal Court of
Australia in Winterton Constructions Pty Ltd v Hambros Australia Ltd (1992)
111 ALR 649 (“Winterton”), where Hill J stated at 667:

Even in the case of a financier not being a bank, a borrower is entitled to
expect (even if it is not an implied term of the contractual arrangement) that
his financier will keep confidential matters concerning the borrower's
financial affairs …

That statement, however, must be read in context. In that case, the
respondent, a merchant bank, and a property developer formalised a facility
which enabled the developer to draw funds to finance a building development.
The developer then contracted with the applicant, a builder, to erect the
proposed building. However, the developer’s position deteriorated and the
respondent refused to release further funds to the developer. The applicant
submitted that the respondent encouraged the developer to continue to allow
the applicant to proceed with the building despite the respondent’s knowledge
that the developer was insolvent. The question before the court was whether
the respondent had an obligation to inform the applicant of the developer’s
financial affairs, and it was in that context that the above comment was made.
Immediately after the above extract, Hill J further held:

… To impose upon a lender such an obligation to communicate to a person whom
it knows to be under contractual obligations with the borrower, would impose
an intolerable burden upon the financier and could be most damaging to its
borrowers. This is so whether or not the financier itself might tend to
benefit from the failure to disclose. It is hard to see, for example, how the
financier would be protected from an action of defamation should it turn out
that the information conveyed by it to a contracting party turned out to be in
some way incorrect. The communication of that information could further work,
in many cases, quite contrary to the interests of the financier.

31 It is clear that the court was not dealing with secrecy between lenders and
borrowers in general, but whether financiers could be expected to bear the
risk of disclosing damaging information about its borrowers to third parties.
The plaintiffs’ reliance on Winterton was therefore of no assistance to them.

Whether implied in fact within the terms of contract

32 Having decided that such a duty could not be imposed by the relationship,
the query which followed was whether it could be implied upon the specific
terms of the parties’ contracts, specifically, the Loan Agreement and the
Guarantee.

33 The Court of Appeal in Sembcorp Marine (at [94]) stated that there are at
least three ways in which a gap in a contract could arise: (a) the parties did
not contemplate the issue at all; (b) the parties contemplated the issue but
chose not to provide for it because they mistakenly thought that the express
terms of the contract adequately addressed it; or (c) the parties contemplated
the issue but chose not to provide any term for it because they could not
agree on a solution. The court stated at [95] that the only instance where it
is appropriate for the court to consider if it will imply a term into a
contract is where the parties did not contemplate the issue at all, and so
left a gap.

34 In my view, disclosure of the matters pleaded as protected must have been
contemplated. When entering into any contract of loan or guarantee, the fact
of default, and the consequences thereafter, must be significant points that
lender and creditor would ordinarily consider. There could not therefore be
any unintended gap in omitting a provision on confidentiality.

35 A consideration of the documents suggests that parties contemplated and
provided for the scenario at hand. This is because an implied term such as
that suggested by the plaintiffs would contradict express terms of the
contracts. In particular, Clause 11 of the Guarantee and Clause 19 of the Loan
Agreement allow disposal and assignation of lender rights, which would
necessitate disclosure of the Loan and its default if any. At the same time,
in advancing an implied term that did not allow such disclosure and in praying
for an injunction which prohibited any disclosure without their consent, the
plaintiffs must have taken the view in the Statement of Claim that any duty of
confidence would be absolute: the defendants would not be able to divulge the
information to anyone.

36 The plaintiffs attempted to argue at the hearing that there was no
contradiction: an implied confidentiality clause could be interpreted such
that OMI was permitted to share the information with any party to whom it
transferred or assigned its rights to, and that party would then similarly be
bound by the obligation of confidentiality. In other words, the plaintiffs
recognised that the only way to read these express terms harmoniously with the
one sought to be implied is to limit disclosure of such information to parties
to whom the lender or guarantor wishes to assign to or to whom it wishes to
dispose of its interest.

37 Nevertheless, such a limitation upon an express term may not be implied.
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation Ltd v Camden Market Holdings Corp & Ors
[2017] EWCA Civ 7 is a case on point. Camden Market Holdings Corp (“Camden”)
claimed a breach of contract against the Irish Bank Resolution Corporation Ltd
(“IBRC”) on the basis of an implied term in a facilities agreement for the
development of properties at Camden Market (“the Camden Properties”). This
facilities agreement expressly permitted IBRC to assign or transfer any of its
rights under the agreement to another bank. There was no requirement on IBRC
to obtain the consent of Camden for such disclosure of information. The
liquidators began marketing the Camden loans as part of a package of loans
containing distressed debt. Camden was concerned that prospective buyers of
the Camden Properties would seek to obtain the properties at a discounted
price by acquiring and enforcing the debt and contended that there was an
implied term not to hinder Camden’s ability to achieve the best price for the
Camden Properties. The English Court of Appeal held (at [40]) that such a term
could not be implied because it was a significant restriction of IBRC’s power
under the agreement and would “cut across IBRC’s entitlement to provide
information and would do so in a way which is redolent of uncertainty”.
Applying Reda v Flag Ltd [2002] UKPC 38 at [45], the court stated at [42] that
an express power “cannot, as a matter of law, be circumscribed by an implied
qualification.”

38 I would add that, even if I were not correct that there is no gap in the
contemplation of the parties, the Court of Appeal in Sembcorp Marine at [98]
and [101] held that if a term is to be implied in a contract, three
requirements are necessary: (i) parties did not contemplate the gap; (ii) the
term is necessary for business efficacy; and (iii) the specific term to be
implied must be so clear that parties would consider it plain and obvious. A
term which is unclear would necessarily fail the officious bystander test. The
implied term sought by the plaintiffs, especially on the plaintiff’s approach
of subjecting it to piecemeal exceptions, would neither be necessary for
business efficacy nor would it be a plain and obvious term.

Whether implied in equity

39 A last issue relates to whether there is any other manner to imply a duty
in equity. It was common ground that the elements necessary are (X Pte Ltd v
CDE [1992] 2 SLR(R) 575 at [27], citing Coco v Clark):

(a) the information was of a confidential nature;

(b) the information was communicated in circumstances importing an obligation
of confidence; and

(c) there was an unauthorised use of the information.

40 The first two elements identified in Coco v Clark do not appear to be made
out. First, I have decided that the information is not of a confidential
nature. Secondly, there also appears to be no circumstances importing an
obligation of confidence. Parties in this case have a commercial relationship
governed by a contract. Paragraph 13 of the Statement of Claim appears to base
the duty in equity upon the relationship of lender-borrower and lender-
guarantor:

Further and/or alternatively, IFS and Mr Fewtrell had a reasonable expectation
that such information would remain confidential given the nature of the
lender-borrower relationship between [OMI] and Mr Fewtrell and the lender-
guarantor relationship between [OMI] and IFS. [OMI] was therefore subject to
an equitable obligation not to disclose the above confidential information.

41 In my view, this did not make out a case for a duty of confidence to arise
in equity.

Breach of duty

42 I have explained that I was of the view that there was no duty of
confidence in relation to the information said to be the subject matter of a
breach of confidence. I deal here with the defendants’ alternative argument
regarding the pleading on the alleged breach of duty, in the event that this
becomes relevant.

43 Paragraph 14 pleads the breach of the duty of confidence through the
following steps:

(a) AAM’s Mr Matthias Hedstrom and AAM’s Mr Kelso Beggs breached the duty of
confidence by sharing the information sought to be protected with two
employees of IFS. Mr Beggs also sought to meet with a third IFS employee: sub-
paragraphs (a), (b) and (e).

(b) Only some of OMI’s employees and some individuals related to IFS knew
about the information sought to be protected: sub-paragraph (c).

(c) None of the individuals related to IFS revealed the information.
Therefore, OMI’s employees must have revealed the information to AAM: sub-para
(d).

44 There are two substantial gaps in the logical flow set out above. First,
there is no identification of OMI individuals responsible for sharing the
information. Secondly, there is no identification of the communication between
OMI and AAM employees which caused the breach.

45 Sub-paras (f)–(h) of paragraph 14 attempt to plug the lacuna by contending
that an email sent from Mr Bradshaw dated 8 September 2016 amounted to
acknowledgment that OMI had disclosed the information:

[OMI] had a meeting with all internal stakeholders to stress the importance of
Chinese Walls in Singapore and stressed the sensitivity of the relationship
with [OMI 's] IFAs in Singapore in context of [OMI 's] ownership of [AAM].

I have asked Willem Van Rooy, who is based in Singapore to discuss the
seriousness of this matter with [AAM's] management.

It is important that we keep the loan issue and this issue as separate issues…

46 This extract at sub-para (g), however, is prefaced by a paragraph to the
following effect in the same email: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Rebecca Sowerby’s affidavit dated 7 September 2017 at pp 82–83.

I can assure you that there is no orchestration from OMI’s side. Having a
multi-channel distribution business in Singapore is not only important to us,
it is vital for our commercial success in Singapore. There is no benefit for
us in the financial demise of IFS. We will lose one of our biggest supporters.
We are also aware that any action to hurt IFS will put our relationships with
our other independent advisors at risk. We all know how small the financial
expat community is in Singapore.

Rather than being an admission, Mr Bradshaw’s email was a denial and the facts
mentioned in the later part of the email set out in the extract at paragraph
14(g) of the Statement of Claim were a reiteration of that denial.

47 Subsequently, the defendants requested for further and better particulars
on how the information was communicated by OMI to AAM, including the
identities of the defendants’ employees who were involved in the alleged
wrongdoing. The plaintiffs were unable to provide these details, replying only
that: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Particulars served by the plaintiff pursuant to the defendants’ request dated
11 April 2017 at para 9.

This is a matter that is within the [d]efendants' knowledge, and paragraph 14
and the sub paragraphs thereunder are the best particulars the [p]laintiffs
are able to provide at this stage. The [p]laintiffs reserve the right to
furnish further particulars, pending discovery and/or interrogatories.

[emphasis added]

At the hearing, it was submitted that discovery of internal OMI and AAM emails
relating to the Loan and Guarantee would be sought.

48 Pleadings must be sufficiently particularised so as “to inform the other
side of the nature of the case that they have to meet as distinguished from
the mode in which that case is to be proved”, “to prevent the other side from
being taken by surprise at the trial”, and “to enable the other side to know
with what evidence they ought to be prepared and to prepare for trial”: Foo
Chee Hock (gen ed), Singapore Civil Procedure 2018 (Sweet & Maxwell, 2018) at
para 18/12/2. The lack of particulars prejudices the defendants in the
preparation of their defence. In this vein, the decision of Coomaraswamy J in
Chandra Winata Lie v Citibank NA [2015] 1 SLR 875 (“Chandra Winata Lie”) is
instructive. The judge began by noting at [34] that a plaintiff has “the
burden of pleading, particularising and proving every essential element of
each cause of action which he chooses to pursue against the defendant in that
suit”. It would be an abuse of process for a plaintiff to commence suit when
he is unable to particularise it, even if the plaintiff’s inability arises
because the essential elements are knowable but were never within this
knowledge: Chandra Winata Lie at [45]. These rules exist for good reason:

78 First, the rule that a plaintiff must be in a position, at the time he
commences suit, to plead, particularise and point to proof of his claim from
his own knowledge deters speculative litigation and supresses litigiousness. A
lawsuit is not a boundless and roving commission of inquiry into suspicions or
broad allegations about a defendant’s overall conduct. It is a focused
forensic process whose purpose it is to determine whether a plaintiff has
established on the balance of probabilities a reasonably specific claim of a
reasonably specific breach of duty which he asserts against a defendant…

79 Second, the effect of these rules of pleading prevents a plaintiff from
circumventing the allocation of the burden of proof by pleading allegations
which cannot be falsified… These rules of pleading require the plaintiff to
assert in his pleadings from the very outset of his suit the essential facts
on which he relies. The court will then, at trial, test those assertions of
fact one by one against the evidence and determine if the plaintiff has in
fact discharged his burden of proof on each of them. The court cannot do that
unless the plaintiff’s assertions are falsifiable.

[emphasis in italics and bold italics added]

49 Applying these principles, it is clear that the plaintiffs’ pleadings were
defective. First, the plaintiffs’ claim was so lacking that critical parts of
it could not be falsified. In particular, it would be extremely difficult for
the defendants to rebut the assertions summarised at [43] above, with its gaps
in logic and information listed at [44]. OMI would be required to investigate
the actions of all of its employees at the material time in order to prove a
negative, that none of them shared the information with AAM. Conversely if any
lead came up they would need to trace each one to ascertain that there was no
link to the two AAM employees alleged to have shared the information with IFS
employees. The defendants were therefore severely prejudiced by the vague
Statement of Claim.

50 Second, the plaintiffs’ submission that their claim ought not to be struck
out because more particulars would be provided during discovery and through
interrogatories is unsustainable, having regard to Coomaraswamy J’s comments
at [41] of Chandra Winata Lie, that it would be “wholly impermissible” for a
plaintiff to “convert mere suspicion into conclusion” by “raiding the
defendant’s cupboards for evidence in discovery”. On a related note, in Toyota
Tsusho (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd v United Overseas Bank Ltd & another [2016] SGHC 74,
Lai Siu Chiu SJ cited with approval academic commentary stating that “[p]re-
action discovery is for the plaintiff who is unable to plead a case as he does
not know whether he has a viable claim and requires the discovery to ascertain
the gaps in his case.” In any event, as Cooke J stated in Nomura International
PLC v Granada Group Limited [2007] EWHC 642 at [37], “a claimant has no
business to issue a Claim Form [ie, a Statement of Claim] at all ‘in the hope
that something may turn up’”.

Damage suffered

51 The defendants moreover submitted that the plaintiffs had not properly
pleaded their loss. Paragraphs 18–20 of the Statement of Claim detail how,
after certain IFS employees found out about IFS’ loan and its default, Mr
Fewtrell and Mr Ivinson entered into the Shares Agreement to award three IFS
employees phantom shares in IFS to address their concerns over IFS’ viability.
Through discovery of the document, the defendants realised that these three
IFS employees were not party to the agreement stipulated. The Statement of
Claim was not accurate prior to the 5 February amendments, as agreements with
these three employees were pleaded. After the defendants raised the issue, the
5 February 2018 draft amendments (supra [7]) corrected these paragraphs to
accurately reflect that Mr Fewtrell and Mr Ivinson had entered into these
agreements with each other to incentivise the three employees. The plaintiffs
were thereafter able to submit at the hearing that s 2 of the Contracts
(Rights of Third Parties) Act (Cap 53B, 2002 Rev Ed) allows third party
beneficiaries to enforce contracts to which they are not party.

Conspiracy by unlawful means

52 The second limb of the Statement of Claim rests upon conspiracy by OMI and
AAM to injure the plaintiffs by unlawful means.

53 The elements of this tort, as stated by the Court of Appeal in EFT
Holdings, Inc and another v Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and another
[2014] 1 SLR 860 (“EFT Holdings”) at [112], are:

(a) there was a combination of two or more persons to do certain acts;

(b) the alleged conspirators had the intention to cause damage or injury to
the plaintiff by those acts;

(c) the acts were unlawful;

(d) the acts were performed in furtherance of the agreement; and

(e) the plaintiff suffered loss as a result of the conspiracy.

54 Regarding the combination of two or more persons, the defects in paragraph
14 of the Statement of Claim pointed out above apply with equal force to the
conspiracy claim. There is no identification of OMI individuals who would be
members of the conspiracy, nor of any communication between such individuals
and the AAM employees named as part of their conspiracy.

55 More fundamentally, the third requirement is of an unlawful act. This
refers to an actionable civil wrong: EFT Holdings at [91]–[93]. Paragraph 24
of the statement of claim premises the unlawful act upon the purported breach
of confidence. It follows from my findings above that this limb would fail.
Counsel for the plaintiffs suggested at the hearing that divulging
commercially sensitive information would be sufficient. My findings above
suggest that the fact of a loan, the debtor’s default and the creditor’s
enforcement action are not commercially sensitive. The plaintiffs also did not
articulate what information that was not confidential was still commercially
sensitive, and further, how such commercially sensitive information, not being
confidential, could ground any unlawful act.

56 In the circumstances, this head of claim was not sustainable either.

Conclusion

57 In the result, I allowed the appeal and ordered that the plaintiffs’ claim
be struck out. Costs of the appeal and the hearing below were awarded to the
defendants and fixed at $18,000, including disbursements.

Valerie Thean  
Judge

Siraj Omar, Premalatha Silwaraju (instructed),  
Nicolas Tang Tze Hao and Chloe Chong Wei Shan  
for the plaintiffs;  
Moiz Haider Sithawalla and Derek Low Eng Ho  
(Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the defendants.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

