Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

IN THE HIGH COURT OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2018] SGHC 184

Suit No 214 of 2015

Between

| Ng Lay Peng  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Gain City Engineering & Consultancy Pte Ltd  
---|---  
|  
  
… Defendant

And

| Ng Peng Boon  
---|---  
  
… Thirty Party

And

| AXA Insurance Singapore Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Intervener

  
  

judgment

[Damages] — [Measure of damages] — [Personal injuries cases]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ng Lay Peng

  

v

  

Gain City Engineering & Consultancy Pte Ltd (Ng Peng Boon, third party) (AXA
Insurance Singapore Pte Ltd, intervener)

[2018] SGHC 184

High Court — Suit No 214 of 2015  
Andrew Ang SJ  
31 January, 1, 2, 8 February, 29–31 May, 1, 2 June 2017; 3 November 2017

23 August 2018 Judgment reserved.

Andrew Ang SJ:

Introduction

1 The Plaintiff’s claim is for damages for personal injuries and consequential
losses arising from a traffic accident on 25 July 2012.

2 The Plaintiff was a front seat passenger in the Third Party’s (her
husband’s) car. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

AEIC of Ng Lay Peng dated 10 October 2016 (“NLP”) at para 3.

The accident occurred at an uncontrolled road junction in an industrial park.
The nature and extent of damage caused to the Defendant’s van (GV 9457H) and
Third Party’s car (SJY 2597G) suggest a light contact between the two
vehicles. What happened on 25 July 2012 was a minor accident. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AEIC of Koay Hean Lye Kelvin dated 19 January 2016 (“KHLK”) at para 36.

3 Consent Interlocutory Judgment was entered at 100% liability against the
Defendant with a 25% indemnity from the Third Party. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

NLP at para 4.

I note that the Consent Interlocutory Judgment was agreed to be without
prejudice to DC Suit No 107 of 2014 which is the claim of the Third Party
against the Defendant.

4 The Intervener is the motor insurer of the Third Party. It applied to join
in these proceedings as an additional party when the Third Party agreed to
give evidence as Plaintiff’s witness. This was to enable its counsel to cross-
examine the Third Party. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

NE for 8 February 2017 at p 2.

This notwithstanding, the Intervener confirmed that it was not repudiating its
coverage of the Third Party. The Defendant and the Third Party jointly
tendered a set of closing submissions (“the Defendants’ Closing Submissions”)
and for ease of reference I shall refer to them collectively as “the
Defendants”.

5 I shall deal with the claims in the following order:

General Damages for Personal Injuries

Under this head I will deal with:

(a) the physical injuries comprising:

(i) lumbar injury;

(ii) Cauda Equina Syndrome;

(iii) high blood pressure;

(iv) cervical injury; and

(b) the psychiatric injuries comprising:

(i) Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder; and

(ii) Major Depressive Disorder with anxiety and obsessive compulsive features.

Income Loss – Pre-trial loss and Future loss

Income Loss comprising:

(a) pre-trial loss of earnings; and

(b) loss of future earnings and/or loss of earning capacity.

Special Damages

Special Damages – Pre-trial expenses comprising:

(a) medical and transport expenses;

(b) expenses for domestic maid;

(c) renovation and other expenses.

Future medical and other expenses comprising:

(a) future expenses for engaging domestic worker; and

(b) future medical expenses.

General Damages

Physical injury

(a)(i) Lumbar Injury

6 The Plaintiff did have pain in the lower back before the accident although
the parties are not agreed as to the extent to which the Plaintiff’s lumbar
degeneration was aggravated by the accident (if at all). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions dated 3 November 2017 (“PCS”) at para 2.3;
Joint Submissions of the Defendant and the Interveners dated 6 October 2017
(“DCS”) at para 12.

7 The Plaintiff had complained of low back ache to her family physician Dr
Chang Chee Chea (“Dr Chang”) on December 2007 and 2008. She was advised to
undergo a general screening in April 2008 and a urine culture in May 2008. The
latter revealed a urinary tract infection. In oral evidence Dr Chang
attributed the low back pain to the urinary tract infection. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AEIC of Dr Chang Chee Chea dated 28 October 2016 (“CCC”), CCC-2.

The Plaintiff avers that after the urinary tract infection was resolved, she
no longer complained of back pain until 8 June 2012 when she saw Dr Eu Kong
Weng (“Dr Eu”) for a review after surgery for gall stones and haemorrhoids. Dr
Eu referred her to an orthopaedic surgeon Dr Hee Hwan Tak (“Dr Hee”) 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AEIC of Dr Eu Kong Weng dated 31 October 2016 (“EKW”), EKW-2.

whom she saw on 7 June 2012. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AEIC of Dr Hee Hwan Tak dated 28 October 2016 (“HHT”), HHT-2.

8 An MRI of the lumbar spine revealed degenerated L4/L5 disc with posterior
annular tear and degenerated L5/S1 disc with focal left prolapse indenting
left S1 nerve root and mild narrowing of left exit foramina. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

DCS at para 21(e); AEIC of Dr Chang Wei Chun dated 22 August 2016 (“CWC”) at p
14.

The Plaintiff’s back pain did not abate after traction, physiotherapy and
acupuncture. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

HHT-2; Tr/30.05.17/47/3.

The Plaintiff finally opted for L4/L5 and L5/S1 percutaneous nucleoplasty and
bilateral L5/S1 nerve root blocks on 21 July 2012. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

HHT-2; Tr/01.06.17/79.

According to the Plaintiff, she no longer felt pain in her lower back after
the said procedures. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NLP at paras 7–8.

Unfortunately she met with the accident four days later on 25 July 2012.

9 According to the Plaintiff, since the accident, she has been hospitalised no
fewer than 14 times and has undergone fusion surgery to her lower spine. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NLP at para 26.

She uses a crutch to aid her in walking because of pain and weakness in her
left leg radiating from her lower spine. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NLP at paras 28–30.

10 Dr Hee and Dr Chang Wei Chun (the Defendants’ orthopaedic expert witness)
(“Dr WC Chang”) agreed that the Plaintiff’s back condition was aggravated by
the accident but they differed as to the extent of such aggravation with Dr
Hee suggesting 50% and Dr WC Chang 15% to 20%. Both experts acknowledged that
their estimates were merely rough guides. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Tr/01.06.17/86–89, 125; Joint Experts’ Report at p 3.

11 Dr WC Chang opined that natural degeneration was a greater contributory
factor than the aggravation caused by the accident. He gave the following
reasons: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

DCS at paras 13, 15; Joint Experts’ Report at pp 3–4.

(a) There was only slight contact between the vehicles in the accident.

(b) The Plaintiff sat cocooned in the front seat secured by a seat belt. Her
spine was protected as she sat cocooned in the front seat. Any strain to the
Plaintiff’s back would have been minimal.

(c) In his report, Mr Kelvin Koay, the Defendants’ accident reconstruction
expert, opined that the force generated at the accident was below the
threshold for injury. The Defendants pointed out that there was no mention of
Plaintiff sustaining even a bruise on any part of her body.

(d) A comparison of the MRI of her spine before and after the accident showed
no change. I note that, by her own account, immediately after the accident the
Plaintiff was walking around taking photographs at the accident site. It was
only an hour later that day that she sought treatment at Mount Alvernia
Hospital complaining of pain. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NLP at para 10.

As the Defendants pointed out, such delayed onset of pain was inconsistent
with her allegation that she suffered severe traumatic impact to the lower
spine as a result of a serious collision.

12 The Defendants also challenged the Plaintiff’s assertion that after
nucleoplasty she no longer felt pain leading to the suggestion that her
subsequent condition was caused mainly by the accident. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NLP at para 7.

The Defendants submitted that it was too soon to tell whether nucleoplasty had
given her long-term relief from back pain. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DCS at para 22.

Dr Hee’s own evidence was that he would have continued with up to two years of
post-operative follow-up monitoring and review. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DCS at para 22; Tr/01.06.17/121/4–23.

13 In short, Defendants’ submission was that even if there were no accident
the Plaintiff would, progressively with age, experience more symptoms of back
pain; accordingly, the quantum of damages for aggravation of the back
condition could not be the same as that which a healthy person (with no pre-
existing back condition) would receive. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DCS at para 22.

14 A case in point is Teddy, Thomas v Teacly (S) Pte Ltd [2014] SGHC 226
(“Teddy Thomas”). The facts of that case are as follows.

15 On 15 November 2010, the plaintiff, Mr Thomas Teddy, was travelling as a
passenger in a taxi when a lorry belonging to the defendant collided into the
rear of the taxi. The plaintiff claimed that he did not feel any pain
immediately after the accident although he was jerked forward and then flung
backwards. Later that evening, he experienced loss of sensation in both his
hands and arms.

16 The plaintiff had suffered a stroke about 11 months earlier on 10 October
2009. He managed to recover from the stroke by December 2009. However, as of
March 2010, he began experiencing pain in the neck, weakness in both hands and
progressive gait instability. He consulted a neurologist, Dr Tang Kok Foo on
11 May 2010. Dr Tang ordered an MRI of the plaintiff’s spine. It revealed that
the plaintiff had disc degeneration at three levels (C3/C4, C4/C5 and C5/C6)
with very severe cord compression at the lower two levels. Essentially, he
diagnosed the plaintiff as suffering from cervical myelopathy and diabetic
neuropathy and recommended surgery to stop the cervical myelopathy from
getting worse.

17 The plaintiff consulted a neurosurgeon, Dr PK Pillay for a second opinion
on 7 July 2010. Dr Pillay also ordered an MRI and on the basis of the MRI
findings, he diagnosed the plaintiff with cervical myelo-radiculopathy and
also recommended surgery. On 14 July 2010, Dr Pillay performed an “anterior
cervical microdisectomy and fusion for C4/5 and C5/6 significant disc
protrusions that were causing the myelo-radiculopathy” (“the first surgery”).
According to the plaintiff he felt a dramatic improvement in his condition
after the first surgery. He claimed to have completely recovered from the
first surgery by October 2010, ie, one month before the accident.

18 The day after the accident, the plaintiff went to see Dr Pillay because he
was concerned that the accident might have had an impact on his spine. An MRI
of his cervical spine was done on the same day. In the MRI report, the
radiologist stated the following:

(a) There are fractures of the C4 to C6 vertebral bodies with post-operative
changes present.

(b) Posterior central/paracentral disc protrusions at C3/4 to C7/T1 are seen.

19 The plaintiff claimed that he could not feel his hands and that “everything
was numb”. Dr Pillay carried out urgent surgery on 26 November 2010. According
to the plaintiff, there was little improvement after the surgery. Dr Pillay’s
report dated 18 March 2011, a few months after the second surgery, estimated
that the plaintiff had “a 70% permanent disability”.

20 At the assessment of damages before an Assistant Registrar (“the AR”), one
of the “most hotly contested issues” was whether the plaintiff’s injuries and
disabilities were caused by the accident or by pre-existing conditions. The AR
found that the injuries sustained by the plaintiff were caused by the accident
and awarded, inter alia, $60,000 for pain and suffering.

21 The defendant’s appeal was heard by Prakash J (as she then was). The
learned judge accepted the defendant’s submissions that the defendant “should
not have to compensate the plaintiff for any pain or disabilities he would
have suffered regardless of the accident” (at [25]).

22 To decide whether that was indeed the case, she asked three questions
pertinent to the facts of the case:

(a) What was the effectiveness of the first surgery in relieving the pain that
the plaintiff experienced prior to that surgery?

(b) What was the effectiveness of the first surgery in preventing the
plaintiff’s cervical spine from degenerating further?

(c) What was the effect of the accident on the cervical spine?

23 In answer to the first question, the learned judge accepted that the
plaintiff experienced dramatic improvement after the first surgery. She also
found on the balance of probabilities that the first surgery was effective in
arresting deterioration of the plaintiff’s spine (at [28], [34]). With regard
to the third question she found that the fractures were more likely than not
caused by the accident (at [36]). Accordingly, the defendant’s appeal against
the award of damages for pain and suffering was dismissed.

24 Adopting a similar line of inquiry as that adopted by Prakash J in Teddy
Thomas, the relevant questions are:

(1) Whether the nucleoplasty and bilateral nerve root blocks were effective in
relieving the pain in the lumbar spine

25 The Plaintiff reported four pain free days before the accident occurred. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NLP at para 8.

26 Whether the pain relief could have been sustained for a long period is
unclear. Dr Hee himself said that he would have continued with up to two years
of post-operative follow-up. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Tr/01.06.17/121/4–23.

(2) Whether the surgery was effective in arresting further spinal degeneration

27 The Defendants submitted that the surgery was for symptomatic/therapeutic
pain relief involving the injection of local anaesthetic and steroid into the
spinal root and nerve and not intended to prevent further degeneration. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

DCS at para 33(b).

Although this may be so, I have not been able to find evidence supporting this
submission. Equally, although the plaintiff reported that she was free of pain
after Dr Hee’s nucleoplasty and nerve root blocks, there was no assertion that
the procedure had stopped further degeneration. In fact, Dr Hee himself
accepted that 50% of the Plaintiff’s condition after the accident had been
caused by natural degeneration.

28 I therefore find that the surgery did not prevent further deterioration.

(3) The effect of the accident on the Plaintiff’s spine

29 At the time of the accident the Plaintiff was wearing a back support belt
affording protection for her back. She was also protected by a seat belt. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NLP at paras 3, 7.

The accident was a minor collision at low speed. There was no evidence of any
injury immediately after impact. She was able to walk around the accident site
taking photographs.

30 After the accident, repeat MRI scans were performed. Paragraph 5 of the
points agreed between Dr Hee and Dr WC Chang in their Joint Experts’ Report
states that the repeat MRI scans performed after the accident showed no
difference from the pre-accident scans. It also recorded that she had “disc
degeneration (pre-existing) at C3-4, C4-5, C5-6 and C6-7 levels, with L4-5
annular tear, left sided L5/S1 disc bulges (pre-existing)”.

31 As against that, the Plaintiff’s evidence was that she began to experience
pain about ten to 15 minutes after the accident and that since the accident
she had been hospitalised no fewer than 14 times, undergone major surgery to
her spine, suffers chronic pain resulting in Cauda Equina Syndrome and high
blood pressure. She also averred that the pain affected her sleep. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NLP at paras 10–12.

32 It is perhaps appropriate to state at the outset that the hospitalisation
expenses were mostly disallowed for reasons more particularly set out later.
In regard to sleep, Dr Tan Tee Yong, her consultant pain specialist suggested
that the Plaintiff might be having obstructive sleep apnoea. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PCS at para 2.17; Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents (“PBD”), volume 1 at p 39.

The medical evidence which I deal with later also does not support her
contention that her high blood pressure was caused by the accident.

33 In view of the evidence, I have difficulty in finding that the accident
caused any immediate discernible injury to the spine. That said, I note the
agreement between the experts in para 7 of the Joint Experts’ Report that
“[t]here was some aggravation of the Plaintiff’s pre-existing cervical and
lumbar spondylosis”.

34 It follows from the foregoing that damages for pain and suffering caused by
the back condition should be reduced to take into account the Plaintiff’s pre-
existing medical condition.

35 Both Dr Hee and Dr WC Chang acknowledged that the percentage figures they
respectively estimated to be the extent of aggravation were merely rough
guides. In the circumstances, I will adopt the mean between their estimates,
ie, 35%.

(a)(ii) Cauda Equina Syndrome

36 As the Plaintiff has included the Cauda Equina Syndrome and high blood
pressure in the claim for damages for the lumbar injury, I shall go on to
consider the two conditions before deciding on the quantum.

37 About nine months after the accident the Plaintiff reported urinary and
fecal incontinence. MRI scans performed on 18 April 2013 revealed severe
stenosis at L4/L5 and L5/S1 due to disc protrusion at L4/L5 and sequestrated
disc at the L5/S1 interval. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Joint Experts’ Report at para 8.

Pressure on the nerves from the disc extrusion was the cause of the Cauda
Equina Syndrome. On 20 April 2013, Dr Hee performed decompression surgery and
fusion of the vertebrae from L4 to S1. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Tr/01.06.17/82–83; Joint Experts’ Report at p 4.

38 Dr Hee’s opinion was that the Cauda Equina Syndrome was part of the
continuum of degeneration and that it could be due to the patient’s age and
lifestyle and could also be due to the accident. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Tr/01.06.17/111/12–23.

39 Dr WC Chang’s opinion was that prior to the accident, the Plaintiff already
had spinal stenosis and a small slipped disc at L5/S1. He opined that even
without the accident, it was possible that the L5/S1 disc would eventually
prolapse out to cause Cauda Equina Syndrome. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DCS at paras 49–50; Tr/01.06.17/111/24–31.

40 However, he agreed that the accident did aggravate the Plaintiff’s pre-
existing condition eventually leading to the Cauda Equina Syndrome although,
in his view, the accident contributed less. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Tr/01/06/17/112/8–9.

41 I therefore find that the Plaintiff’s Cauda Equina Syndrome was partly
caused by the natural progression of the lumbar degeneration and partly by the
aggravation of the Plaintiff’s pre-existing condition as a result of the
accident.

(a)(iii) High Blood Pressure

42 The Plaintiff attributed her high blood pressure to pain from her lumbar
injuries and submitted that the damages for the lumbar injury should be
increased to take that into account. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

PCS at paras 2.53–2.54.

43 However, with the exception of one of her doctors, Dr Eric Hong, who opined
that the Plaintiff’s high blood pressure was contributed to by the pain, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

PCS at para 2.53; Defendants’ Bundle of Documents (“DBD”), volume 1 at p 9.

none of the medical witnesses gave evidence in support of the Plaintiff’s
contention. Dr Eric Hong was not called as a witness.

44 Dr Hee said in the Joint Experts’ Report that it is difficult to prove that
hypertension arose from the injury. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Joint Experts’ Report at p 6.

45 Dr WC Chang said that pain does not cause hypertension and that although
blood pressure can be momentarily elevated by exacerbation of pain, the body
would adjust to the condition and the blood pressure would return to normal.
Dr WC Chang further stated that the Plaintiff was overweight and that such
people are more susceptible to developing high blood pressure. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Joint Experts’ Report at p 6.

46 Dr Chang Chee Chea similarly could not be certain about the cause of the
Plaintiff’s hypertension. He also said that people who are overweight are
three times more likely to have high blood pressure. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Tr/01.02.17/74/12.

47 The evidence therefore does not support the Plaintiff’s contention that her
high blood pressure was caused by the accident.

48 In regard to the quantum of damages for pain and suffering, the Plaintiff
seeks $50,000 for the lumbar injury, taking into account the Cauda Equina
Syndrome and the high blood pressure. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

PCS at para 2.55.

In the alternative, if the court is of the view that the Plaintiff only
suffered an aggravation of her pre-existing back condition as distinct from
the accident being the sole cause of her back condition, the Plaintiff seeks
damages at $25,000, ie, attributing 50% to the aggravation. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PCS at paras 2.56–2.58.

49 The Defendants on their part submit that, on the basis that the Plaintiff’s
back condition was aggravated by the accident, the appropriate damages,
(taking into account the Cauda Equina Syndrome but not the hypertension) ought
to be $15,000. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DCS at para 59.

50 Even taking the upper limit of 20% suggested by Dr WC Chang as the
aggravation factor, the implied quantum on the basis of 100% liability for the
back injury would be $75,000. Attributing 35% to the aggravation, the damages
would work out to be $26,250.

51 Looked at this way, the figure of $25,000 sought by the Plaintiff appears
to be reasonable save that one needs to deduct a part of it to reflect that no
damages are allowed for the hypertension.

52 I would deduct a sum of $2,000, leaving the final quantum at $23,000.

(a)(iv) Cervical Injury

53 Prior to the accident, the MRI of the Plaintiff’s cervical spine showed
degenerative discs at C3-4, C4-5, C5-6 and C6-7. Dr Hee and Dr WC Chang agreed
that the Plaintiff’s pre-existing degenerative neck condition was aggravated
by the accident although they disagreed on the extent of the aggravation.
While Dr Hee suggested that the pre-existing condition of the Plaintiff’s
cervical spine and the accident were equally responsible for the deterioration
in the condition of the Plaintiff’s neck, Dr WC Chang attributed only 15% to
20% to the aggravation caused by the accident. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PCS at paras 3.2–3.3; Joint Experts’ Report at p 3.

54 It appeared from the Joint Experts’ Report that another point of
disagreement was as to whether the Plaintiff’s neck condition was symptomatic
before the accident. While Dr WC Chang said that her pre-existing neck
condition was symptomatic before the accident, Dr Hee had stated that “without
the accident she [would] be asymptomatic”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Joint Experts’ Report at p 3.

However, Dr Hee’s oral testimony was that before the accident “[the Plaintiff]
had both neck and back issues” for the treatment of which he had sent her for
a course of physical therapy and acupuncture. He further testified that after
the treatment “she opined that… [h]er neck was slightly better”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Tr/01.06.17/119–120.

The Plaintiff’s neck condition was therefore symptomatic before the accident.

55 The Plaintiff contends that the Plaintiff’s neck injury would fit into the
category of neck injuries set out in the Guidelines for Assessment of General
Damages in Personal Injuries Cases (“Guidelines”) under Chapter 2, Category
(b)(ii). 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

PCS at para 3.11; Plaintiff’s Bundle of Authorities (“PBOA”) at p 31.

56 The Defendants on the other hand submitted that the Plaintiff’s injuries
fell within Category (c)(i) of the same Guidelines. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

DCS at para 72; PBOA at p 31.

57 I set out below a description of both with the range of damages awarded in
past cases. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

DCS at para 72.

Cervical injuries – whiplash grade 2  
---  
Guidelines for Assessment of General Damages in Personal Injuries Cases|
Chapter 2| Range  
Category (c)(i)(iv) Minor whiplash injury and soft tissue damage classified as
grade 2 whiplash injury. The symptoms take longer to resolve than in (c)(ii),
ie about 2 years and there are residual disabilities on a long term basis.|
“Neck injuries”Section (c) MinorPage 20| $7,000 - $8,000  
  
Cervical injuries – whiplash grade 3(For comparison)  
---  
Guidelines for Assessment of General Damages in Personal Injuries Cases|
Chapter 2| Range  
Category (b)(ii)Moderate whiplash injury classified as grade 3 whiplash
injury. The person suffers from considerable pain and restriction of neck
movement with neurological deficits. Recovery takes a substantially longer
period and there is also an increased vulnerability to future trauma. There is
a likely risk of degenerative change occurring in the long run due to the
weakened cervical spine.| “Neck injuries”Section (b) ModeratePages 19-20|
$8,000 - $15,000  
  
58 It appears from the Plaintiff’s submissions that what she suffers is
recurrent aching and tension in the neck. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PCS at para 3.10.

This does not fit neatly into Category (b)(ii). Under this category the person
suffers “considerable pain and restriction of neck movement with neurological
deficits”.

59 Category (b)(ii) corresponds with Grade 3 under the Quebec Classification
of Whiplash-Associated Disorders where the condition is described thus: 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Defendants’ Bundle of Authorities (“DBOA”), Tab L.

Neck complaints and neurological signs including decreased or absent deep
tendon reflexes, weakness or sensory deficits.

60 Category (c)(i) as above described appears to be more appropriate. This
category corresponds with Grade 2 under the aforesaid Quebec Classification
which describes the condition thus:

Neck complaints and the examining doctor finds decreased range of motion and
point tenderness in the neck.

61 The Plaintiff cited Karuppiah Nirmala v Singapore Bus Services Ltd [2002] 1
SLR(R) 934 (“Karuppiah”) where the plaintiff had been awarded $14,000 for pain
and suffering and loss of amenities for her whiplash injury which aggravated
her existing cervical spondylosis. The appeal in the High Court did not
concern the damages for her neck injury.

62 However, it appears from the judgement that what the plaintiff had suffered
was “acute pain” in her neck (at [1]). Although by the time of the review of
her condition a year later, she had recovered from her acute pain, the
orthopaedic surgeon’s opinion was that she would experience chronic pain
secondary to the disc degeneration (at [6]). It is also not clear what her
pre-existing condition was before the accident apart from the statement that
the x-ray showed “evidence of cervical spondylosis” (at [4]). In contrast, the
Plaintiff in the present case was suffering multiple-level degeneration of the
cervical spine (C3-4, C4-5, C5-6 and C6-7).

63 The Defendants submitted that the Plaintiff’s neck issue was far less
severe compared to her back issues. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DCS at para 66.

Dr Hee had conceded that the Plaintiff’s lower back was the focus of priority
in rehabilitation. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DCS at para 66; Tr/01.06.17/126/19–22.

There is no mention of any specific treatment given for the cervical spine.
Nevertheless, the Defendants conceded that there was some aggravation of the
cervical spondylosis. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

DCS at para 69.

64 On this basis, even treating the Plaintiff as falling within category
(b)(ii) of the Guidelines, and allowing for an aggravation factor of 35% the
damages should be between $2,800 to $5,250.

65 I would allow $4,000.

Psychiatric injury

66 Claims for damages in respect of psychiatric injury were added very late in
these proceedings. One week before the trial commenced, on 24 January 2017 the
Defendants were informed of a psychiatric report dated 11 December 2016 which
Dr Lee Ee Lian (“Dr Lee”) of Better Life Clinic Pte Ltd had prepared for the
Plaintiff. The report was given to the Defendants two days later. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DCS at para 81.

67 Dr Lee diagnosed the Plaintiff as suffering from: 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AEIC of Dr Lee Ee Lian dated 6 February 2017 (“LEL”), LEL-2.

(a) Major Depressive Disorder with Anxiety and Obsessive-Compulsive features;
and

(b) Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (“PTSD”).

68 The Plaintiff underwent a psychiatric re-examination by Dr Lim Yun Chin
(“Dr Lim”) of Raffles Hospital Pte Ltd. Dr Lim agreed with Dr Lee that the
Plaintiff suffered from Major Depressive Disorder but disagreed that she had
PTSD. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AEIC of Dr Lim Yun Chin dated 27 April 2017 (“LYC”), LYC-2.

(b)(i) PTSD

69 I shall deal with PTSD first.

70 Under the DSM-5 diagnostic criteria for PTSD formulated by the American
Psychiatric Association, there are eight criteria which need to be met before
a diagnosis of PTSD is appropriate: 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DCS at paras 89–90.

Criterion A : Stressor

Criterion B : Intrusion symptoms

Criterion C : Avoidance

Criterion D : Negative alternations in cognitions and mood

Criterion E : Alternations in arousal and reactivity

Criterion F : Duration

Criterion G : Functional significance

Criterion H : Exclusion

71 Dr Lee was satisfied that the Plaintiff met all eight criteria. Dr Lim was
prepared to give the Plaintiff the benefit of the doubt that she exhibited
seven criteria from B to H but disagreed that she satisfied Criteria A. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Tr/02.06.17/6–8.

72 Dr Lim testified that in interpreting signs and symptoms under criteria B
to H, there is an element of subjectivity, regardless of who administers the
test. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

LYC-2 at p 4; Tr/02.06.17/8/22.

There is no blood test or scan to help the psychiatrist determine the veracity
of the patient’s answers to questions in the examination.

73 Where it comes to Criteria A: the traumatic event, which Dr Lim regarded as
the most important criterion, the test is objective in that the person must
have been exposed to “death, threatened death, actual or threatened serious
injury, or actual or threatened sexual violence”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

LYC-2 at p 4; Tr/02.06.17/24.

Such exposure may be:

(a) direct;

(b) as a witness; or

(c) indirectly by learning that a relative or close friend was exposed to such
trauma.

74 Dr Lim, referring to material relating to the World Health Organisation’s
International Classification of Diseases criteria for PTSD, testified that the
event has to be of an “exceptionally threatening or catastrophic nature which
is likely to cause pervasive distress in almost anyone”. Unfortunately, the
actual document was not produced in court. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Tr/02.06.17/25/5–12.

75 Dr Lim noted that, by the Plaintiff’s own account, the Plaintiff was able
to confront the driver of the van at the scene of the accident and to walk
around taking photographs. He observed that the Plaintiff did not behave like
a person who was exceptionally distressed or traumatised. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Tr/02.06.17/25/17–22.

76 Dr Lee disagreed with Dr Lim’s contention that Criterion A was objective.
In her view, what is important is how the claimant subjectively perceived the
threat. Dr Lee went on to say that if a patient told her that she was
traumatised, she had to accept that as the truth. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Tr/31.05.17/80/18–23, 83/18–23.

77 Dr Lee was asked whether she knew how the accident occurred and whether it
was serious. It emerged that from what she had heard from the Plaintiff “it
seemed to be a major accident”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Tr/31.05.17/71/7–9.

That clearly was a false impression. It was a minor accident at low speed. Dr
Lee also agreed that the possibility of the Plaintiff exaggerating the trauma
could not be ruled out. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Tr/31.05.17/96/25–27.

78 I have difficulty accepting Dr Lee’s evidence that Criterion A is
subjective in nature. The key question is, of course, whether the person was
indeed traumatised. To answer that question, one should not be obliged to
accept that if the claimant maintained that she perceived her life to be in
danger, she was necessarily telling the truth. If that were the case, no
claimant would ever fail in the claim. For this reason, it is necessary to
consider the nature of the event to determine how likely it was that such an
event would traumatise the claimant. Since it is impossible to read the mind
of the claimant the way one reads a book or a scan, one inevitably has to fall
back on common human experience; in other words, the objective test. That is
not to say that there could never be a successful claim based purely on the
claimant’s subjective perception of a threat being of a life-threatening
nature despite objective evidence that the threat did not qualify as such. But
it would have to be exceptional, with the court believing the claimant’s
perception to be true. Suffice it to say that such is not the case here.

79 The accident was obviously minor. Damage to the vehicle was minimal. The
Plaintiff did not suffer any visible injury and could walk up to confront the
driver of the van as well as take photographs. By any standard it would be an
exaggeration to classify the event as qualifying under Criterion A.

80 I therefore find in favour of the Defendants and award no damages for the
alleged PTSD.

(b)(ii) Depression

81 Dr Lee and Dr Lim are in agreement that the Plaintiff suffers from a Major
Depressive Disorder.

82 That said, there are several questions raised by the Defendants which need
to be considered. These are set out in paragraph 113 of the Defendants’
Closing Submissions as follows:

(a) When did she become depressive?

(b) How did she become depressive:

(i) Was the accident a cause of her depression?

(ii) Was her depression caused by her pain medication?

(iii) Was the delay in seeking psychiatric help the cause of her current
problems?

(c) What is a reasonable duration for treatment of her condition?

(1) When did the Plaintiff become depressive

83 The Plaintiff became a patient of Dr Lee from 25 October 2016, roughly 4¼
years after the accident. She had five consultations with Dr Lee in 2016 and
seven in 2017. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

LEL at para 2; 2DBD 150; Tr/31.05.17/63/12.

84 Dr Lee recorded the Plaintiff as reporting that her psychiatric condition
developed one week after the accident. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Tr/31.05.17/65/5.

There is no contemporaneous clinical record of her condition at that time as
she had not consulted any psychologist or psychiatrist before Ms Natalie Lim
(a psychologist) in January 2016.

85 Dr Hee, said that sometime in 2015, he had a suspicion that the Plaintiff
might have psychological issues. Dr Hee said that he and the pain specialist
(Dr Tan Tee Yong) began to wonder whether there was a psychological issue
clouding her recovery when, after the second surgery, despite improvement in
her foot power and regaining bladder and bowel control, she continued to
complain of pain. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Tr/01.06.17/99/18–29.

86 According to a list prepared by counsel for the Defendants, between July
2012 (when the accident occurred) and 2015, the Plaintiff had no fewer than
113 medical appointments and yet none of the doctors attending to her noted
any depression in the Plaintiff. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DCS at para 119.

87 The Defendants therefore suggested that the Plaintiff probably developed
depression only in 2015. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

DCS at para 120(b).

I agree. There is therefore no need to consider the Defendants’ alternative
argument that if the depression started soon after the accident, by waiting
until 2015 to seek professional help, she had contributed to the worsening of
her symptoms.

(2) How the Plaintiff became depressive

88 The Defendants suggested that the likely cause of the Plaintiff’s
depression was over-medication. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

DCS at para 127.

The Plaintiff was prescribed a large range of medication as set out in exhibit
P12. Certain of those had known side-effects which included mood disorders and
depression.

89 Dr Lee agreed that Miacalcic could cause loss of appetite, numbness in legs
and dizziness. She also agreed that Venlafaxine could cause agitation,
dizziness and nausea amongst other side effects. She further agreed that
Quetiapine could cause dizziness, drowsiness and restlessness etc. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

DCS at para 127; Tr/01.06.17/94/11–27.

90 The Defendants’ psychiatrist, Dr Lim, was asked to comment on the
medication prescribed for the Plaintiff by her pain specialist. He stated that
some of the medication for treating pain such as Tramadol and Lyrica have
adverse side effects such as depression, bad dreams, nightmares and could even
lead to suicide. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

DCS at para 128; Tr/02.06.17/37/9–26.

91 Dr Lee agreed that potent pain killers could cause depression. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DCS at para 129; Tr/31.05.17/88/4–8.

92 Dr Hee and Dr Lee both suggested that the Plaintiff’s pain specialist
should be the one to explain to the court whether the prescribed medicine for
pain treatment could have caused the Plaintiff’s psychiatric condition. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Tr/31.05.17/91/25–27; Tr/01.06.17/99/18–29.

For reasons not known to the court, the pain specialist, Dr Tan Tee Yong from
Integrative Pain Centre, reportedly declined to testify. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Tr/01.02.17/106–108.

93 In light of the evidence, the Defendants suggest that it is probable that
the Plaintiff’s depression was caused by the vast quantity of pain medication
she took. They therefore submit that the quantum of damages for her depression
should be discounted. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

DCS at para 132.

94 I agree it is possible that the depression might in part have been caused
by the medication. But I disagree that there should be a discount on account
thereof. Even if the depression was caused by the medication, the blame cannot
be laid at the Plaintiff’s door. One cannot expect a patient to discard
medication prescribed by her doctor. Besides, the need for the medication at
least partly arose as a result of aggravation of her physical symptoms caused
by the accident.

95 Elsewhere in the Defendants’ Closing Submissions, the Defendants also rely
upon the evidence of Dr Lim and Dr WC Chang to contend that the pain that the
Plaintiff complained of could be psychological. Even Dr Hee had allowed as
much. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

DCS at paras 84–86; Tr/01.06.17/93/1–12, 99/18–29.

96 Both Dr Hee and Dr WC Chang were of the view that after the second surgery
(Decompression Laminectomy surgery and fusion from L4 to S1) to address the
Cauda Equina Syndrome, the pain should have resolved on 20 April 2013 as a
result of stabilisation of the spine. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Joint Experts’ Report at pp 4–5.

Although Dr Hee qualified this by saying that in practice some patients
continue to suffer back pain owing to what is called “failed back syndrome”,
he did not say that there was “failed back syndrome” in the Plaintiff’s case.
Dr Hee also went on to say that there was “a significant psychological
component” to the pain complained of. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Joint Experts’ Report at p 5.

97 Dr WC Chang explained that spinal fusion surgery results in stabilisation
of painful unstable levels in the spine. The fusion surgery stops motion at
the painful vertebral segment. He concluded that the Plaintiff’s chronic pain
was more psychological in nature than from the discs’ disease. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Joint Experts’ Report at pp 4–5.

98 Dr WC Chang opined that although there was a possibility of a “failed back
syndrome” the symptoms described by the Plaintiff were inconsistent with and
out of proportion to the expected outcome of the surgery. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Tr/01.06.17/93/20–30.

99 At first blush, it might be thought that the opinion of the two orthopaedic
surgeons as to the psychological origin of the back pain does not fit in
comfortably with my finding that the Plaintiff developed depression in 2015.

100 If they had said that the Plaintiff was even then (in 2013) suffering from
depression, that would be inconsistent with my finding that the depression
developed in 2015. However, as recounted above, they did not go so far. All
that was said was that the pain “had a significant psychological component”
(per Dr Hee) and that the pain “was more psychological in nature…” (per Dr WC
Chang). Therefore the statements are not inconsistent with my finding.

101 Moving on to the quantum of damages, the Plaintiff asks for $20,000 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PCS at para 4.10.

whereas the Defendants submit that the appropriate quantum should be $10,000
before discount. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DCS at para 143.

102 The Plaintiff relies on Ong Tean Hoe v Hong Kong Industrial Company
Private Limited [2001] SGHC 303 where the Plaintiff lost both her hands as a
result of an industrial accident. For the traumatic depression which ensued,
she was awarded $20,000.

103 The Defendants contend that the Plaintiff’s case does not warrant a
similar quantum since it arose, as it did, from a low-speed, low impact
collision.

104 I agree. The case relied on by the Plaintiff involved much more serious
physical injury leading to traumatic depression. The Plaintiff’s injuries are
not comparable. In my view, $12,000 should suffice.

Income Loss

(a) Pre-trial loss of earnings

105 The average income of the Plaintiff for the years 2009, 2010 and 2011 was
$57,643. This was derived from the Plaintiff’s Income Tax Notices of
Assessment for Year of Assessment 2010, 2011 and 2012. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

PCS at para 5.4; NLP at para 46.

Accordingly, she based her claim on this annual quantum for the entire period
from the date of the accident to the trial.

106 For 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015 the Plaintiff suffered losses in her
business, Boon Automobile Service (“Boon Auto”), of which she was the sole
proprietor from 17 September 2001 to 20 January 2017. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

4PBD at p 756.

She therefore sought damages not only for the income which she could have
earned in those years, but also for the losses she suffered.

107 In para 47 of her AEIC, 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NLP at para 47.

she deposed that, based on the Notices of Assessment, her business losses in
years 2012 to 2015 were $25,221, $46,831, $91,436 and $149,087. On that basis
she claimed pre-trial loss of earnings up to the end of 2015 in the aggregate
amount of $543,147.

108 However, her business losses derived from Statements of Accounts which she
furnished one week before the second tranche of the trial revealed a
discrepancy of $138,659. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DCS at para 174; Tr/29.05.17/46/9–12.

Eventually, after the Plaintiff sought clarification with the Revenue
authorities, it emerged that the losses shown in the Notices of Assessment for
Years of Assessment 2014 to 2016 were cumulative figures; unabsorbed losses
for each Year of Assessment had been carried forward and added on to the next
year’s losses. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

PCS at para 5.9.

It was wrong, therefore, for the Plaintiff simply to have added up the losses
appearing in the Notices of Assessment; that led to double counting.

109 Accordingly the Plaintiff’s claim for the losses had to be reduced by
$138,659.

110 The Defendants had other objections to the quantum of the Plaintiff’s
claim for pre-trial loss of earnings.

111 First, the Defendants noted that the Plaintiff’s Notices of Assessment for
Years of Assessment 2010 to 2014 had been amended on 4 September 2014 by an
upward revision of income. The Plaintiff explained that this was done so that
she could apply for the Productivity and Innovation Credit (“PIC”) grant. In
effect the Plaintiff admitted that the Notices of Assessment prior to
amendment were inaccurate as she had under-declared her income. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

DCS at para 176; Tr/29.05.17/42.

112 The Defendants stopped short of suggesting that the amendments were made
to inflate the income for Years of Assessment 2010 to 2012 so as, in turn, to
inflate the losses in the post-accident years.

113 The Defendants next submitted that the salaries and employer’s Central
Provident Fund (“CPF”) contributions paid by the Plaintiff had been inflated
so as to increase the alleged losses suffered by the Plaintiff in the post-
accident years. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DCS at para 177.

114 Based on the testimony of the Plaintiff under cross-examination, Boon Auto
paid her husband a salary of $2,500 per month, about $1,800 to $2,000 for a
second mechanic and $300 per month for a part-time worker. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

DCS at para 178; Tr/29.05.17/38.

Based on the above figures, Boon Auto’s expenses for the salaries should be
between $55,200 to $57,600 per year. If I took the second mechanic’s salary to
be $1,900 per month (the mean between $1,800 and $2,000 per month) Boon Auto’s
annual expense for salaries would be $56,400.

115 The discrepancy between the gross employee salary reflected in Boon Auto’s
Statement of Accounts and the sum of $56,400 is shown below.

Calendar year| Gross employee salary(per Statement of Accounts) (A)|
Discrepancy (A)– ($56,400.00)  
---|---|---  
2012| $98,000.00| $41,600.00  
2013| $85,000.00| $28,600.00  
2014| $68,129.00| $11,729.00  
2015| $71,129.00| $14,629.00  
2016| $68,129.00| $11,729.00  
  
116 When the discrepancies were pointed out to the Plaintiff, she sought to
qualify her evidence by saying that the figure of $2,500 paid to the husband
did not include overtime pay which she paid her husband. She explained that
her husband had to work longer hours as he had become less productive as a
result of injuries he sustained in the accident. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

DCS at para 180; Tr/29.05.17/49.

117 The Defendants suggested that this explanation was an afterthought.
Moreover, the loss to her business owing to overtime payments to her husband
as a result of his own injury-related loss of productivity could not be
characterised as her loss flowing from the accident. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

DCS at para 181.

118 The Plaintiff did not attempt to sufficiently explain away the discrepancy
by adducing any documentary evidence.

119 In the circumstances, I would agree with the Defendants that an
appropriate adjustment should be made, depending on the number of loss years
allowed.

120 The evidence also shows that the Plaintiff had inflated the figures for
Boon Auto’s employer’s contribution to its employees’ CPF. From the chart
below, it can be seen that, whereas the percentage contributions for years
2009 to 2013 ranged from 13.75% to 15.85%, those for years 2014 to 2016 ranged
from 27% to 28.19%. The latter clearly exceeded the mandated contribution
rates of 16% to 17% 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

DCS at para 184.

and should be adjusted accordingly.

Calendar year| Gross employee salary (per Statement of Accounts)| Employer CPF
contribution (per Statement of Accounts)| % contribution| Mandated
contribution rates for employers (by age)| Remarks  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
2009| $80,185.00| $12,346.00| 15.40%| 45-50: 14.5%50-55: 10.5%| Pre-accident  
2010| $94,674.00| $13,708.00| 14.48%| Ditto| Pre-accident  
2011| $88,300.00| $13,267.00| 15.02%| 45-50: 15.5%50-55: 11.5%| Pre-accident  
2012| $98,000.00| $13,471.00| 13.75%| 45-50: 16%50-55: 12%| Pre-accident  
2013| $85,000.00| $13,472.00| 15.85%| 45-50: 16%50-55: 14%|  
2014| $68,129.00| $19,205.00| 28.19%| Ditto|  
2015| $71,129.00| $19,205.00| 27%| 45-50: 17%50-55: 16%|  
2016| $68,129.00| $19,205.00| 28.19%| 55 & below: 17%|  
  
121 The Statement of Accounts for Boon Auto also show that the Plaintiff
incurred substantial expenditure under “upkeep of equipment or machinery” in
the aggregate amount of $55,899 for the years 2014 to 2016. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

DCS at para 188; 5PBD at pp 769–771.

It was in the main for the purchase of two car lifts/jack, a compressor pump,
a computer and a scanner. In addition the Plaintiff had undertaken renovation
and excavation works to install some of the equipment. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Tr/29.05.17/51–53.

122 Several observations may be made in regard to that expenditure.

123 Firstly, money spent on capital equipment is not “lost”. Renovation costs
(as distinct from repair costs) are similarly capital in nature. As such these
items should not ipso facto go to increase the losses in the Plaintiff’s
business except to the extent annual depreciation allowances are permitted.

124 Second, the Plaintiff had applied for government subsidies under the PIC
scheme in 2014. It is not clear whether she did obtain the subsidies but, if
she did, it would reduce her capital outlay for the purchase of equipment.
Thus, even if it were appropriate to treat the capital expenditure as wholly
allowable against the income (which in my view it is not), due adjustments
ought to have been made because of the grants.

125 For the foregoing reasons, it is clear that the Plaintiff substantially
inflated her losses.

126 To some extent, it would appear that the Plaintiff’s computation of loss
has been moderated by the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore. Thus the loss
of $60,348 in Boon Auto’s Statement of Accounts for 2015 has been reflected as
$44,605 (derived from subtracting from the cumulative loss of $91,436 in Year
of Assessment 2015, the cumulative loss of $46,831 for the previous Year of
Assessment). I assume the Revenue would have picked up any inappropriate claim
for capital allowances and failure to take into account the PIC grants (if
any).

127 The loss of $66,736 for Year of Assessment 2016 reflected in the Statement
of Accounts of Boon Auto has similarly been reduced to $57,651 (ie, $149,087
less $91,436). Similarly, any deduction for employer’s CPF contribution beyond
the mandated percentage would presumably have been picked up.

128 That leaves us with the inflated salary figures. It seems unlikely that
those figures would have been challenged by the Revenue, unlike the obvious
excessive claims for CPF contributions and deduction of capital expenditure.

129 It is necessary therefore to adjust losses claimed to have been suffered
by the Plaintiff by reducing the salary figures and corresponding CPF
contributions based on those salary figures.

130 In the absence of the ages of the employees, it is not possible to
calculate the appropriate CPF contributions. But whatever figures are
eventually arrived at, the discrepancy between those figures and the CPF
contributions reflected in the Statement of Accounts ought to be deducted in
determining the Plaintiff’s losses.

Failure to mitigate losses

131 The Defendants submitted that the Plaintiff failed to mitigate her losses
in that she should have sold off her business or ceased operations as soon as
possible so as not to incur more loss. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

DCS at para 192.

In my view it is not reasonable to argue that the Plaintiff ought to have
discontinued the business as soon as possible after it suffered a loss. In
addition to the year in which the accident occurred, I would not regard
hanging on to the business for another two years, ie, 2013 and 2014, as being
unreasonable.

132 Besides, in the Defendants’ own Closing Submissions, 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

DCS at para 244.

it was argued that by the end of 2014 it should have become clear that the
business was unsustainable; ie, two years and five months after accident.

133 Losses for those two years (2013 and 2014) therefore should be taken into
account in the computation of pre-trial loss of earnings in addition to those
for 2012 but subject to reduction to take into account the discrepancies in
the salaries for the three years (ie, $41,600; $28,600; and $11,729) and in
the CPF contributions.

134 In sum, the total of the Plaintiff’s pre-trial loss of earnings is made up
of (i) the loss of income at $57,643 per year from the time of the accident
until trial less the income tax she would have had to pay; and (ii) the
business losses incurred from the year 2012 to 2014, adjusted as ordered
above.

135 Counsel are directed to jointly work out the pre-trial loss of earnings
following the foregoing rulings I have made.

(b) Loss of future earnings or earning capacity

136 The Plaintiff claims loss of future earnings with a multiplicand of
$57,643 and a multiplier of ten years. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

PCS at paras 6.6, 6.11, 6.13.

137 The basis for the multiplicand being the full amount of the average income
before the accident is premised upon the Plaintiff’s assertion that she is
incapable of earning any income. Indeed that is what is contended on her
behalf – “that for all intents and purposes, she is… practically
unemployable”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

PCS at para 6.4.

It is further contended that she does not possess the qualifications to work
for someone else in the latter’s workshop in a “white-collar” capacity. It is
even urged that the Plaintiff is unable to walk without a crutch. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

PCS at paras 6.4–6.5.

138 In my view, this is an exaggeration and conflicts with the evidence.
Firstly, when, for purposes of determining the pre-trial loss of earnings, it
was necessary to show the extent of her involvement in the business, she gave
evidence that she had an Institute of Technical Education certificate in
automotive technology and that while her husband concentrated on doing the
repairs, she handled all other aspects of the business. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

PCS at para 5.3

The impression given was that she was almost indispensable to the business.

139 As regards her need for “a crutch to even walk”, the video recording made
by the private investigator appointed by the Defendants shows that she does
not need a crutch to walk, at least for short distances. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

DCS at para 209; 1DBD at p 77.

I agree with the Defendants that there is no medical evidence that the
Plaintiff is unemployable even in an administrative role.

140 I am aware of the opinion of Ms Heidi Tan, Senior Principal Occupational
Therapist at Tan Tock Seng Hospital, in her Functional Assessment Report that
“[a]t the client’s current functional level, she is unable to do work even at
a sedentary level… due to the impact of the chronic pain on various aspects of
her life, including her emotional and social aspects”. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

AEIC of Heidi Tan Siew Khoon dated 2 May 2017 (“HTSK”) at p 24.

141 To put the opinion in context, it is pertinent to point out that the
chronic pain was the Plaintiff’s own subjective evaluation. She was aided by a
family member who answered 13 out of 16 questions in the Dallas pain
questionnaire on her behalf. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

HTSK at p 22; Tr/02.06.17/87/16–20.

Although Ms Heidi Tan appeared to have accepted the Plaintiff’s own
evaluation, the question as to the extent of debilitating pain the Plaintiff
actually experiences are not beyond doubt. It will be recalled that both Dr WC
Chang and Dr Hee were of the view that the pain was more likely to be
psychological. Also the evidence of Dr Lim Yun Chin is that depression can
cause pain so that once the depression has been dealt with, the pain should
resolve. It follows that the Plaintiff should not be regarded as permanently
unable to take on even a sedentary job.

142 Given (i) that the business remains within the family, being reportedly
owned by her brother and her son (as a partner allegedly in name only) 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Tr/29.05.17/36/14–18.

and (ii) her experience and capabilities, it may be that she could resume some
involvement in the business. Although the Plaintiff gave testimony that Boon
Auto was owned by her younger brother and her son, the ACRA search for Boon
Auto as of 20 Jan 2017 appears to show that the sole proprietor of Boon Auto
as of 20 Jan 2017 is one Ng Wei En, which appears to be the Plaintiff’s son.
106

##### Foot Note 106

×

DCS at paras 205–209.

If this is correct, it will probably be even easier for the Plaintiff to
resume involvement in the business. As to whether there are job opportunities
outside the family business available for one with her profile, there is no
evidence either way.

143 For an award for loss of future earnings to be made, there has to be
credible evidence in support; the court cannot act on speculation or
conjecture.

144 The CA in Teo Sing Keng and another v Sim Ban Kiat [1994] 1 SLR(R) 340 at
[38] cited with approval the following dictum of Syed Agil Barakbah FJ in Ong
Ah Long v Dr S Underwood [1983] 2 MLJ 324:

Now, the general principle is that an injured plaintiff is entitled to damages
for the loss of earnings and profits which he has suffered by reason of his
injuries up to the date of the trial and for the loss of the prospective
earnings and profits of which he is likely to be deprived in the future. There
must be evidence on which the court can find that the plaintiff will suffer
future loss of earnings, it cannot act on mere speculation. If there is no
satisfactory evidence of future loss of earnings but the court is satisfied
that the plaintiff has suffered a loss of earning capacity, it will award him
damages for his loss of capacity as part of the general damages for disability
and not as compensation for future loss of earnings.

145 As the learned editors of Practitioners’ Library – Assessment of Damages:
Personal Injuries and Fatal Accidents (LexisNexis, 3rd ed, 2017) (“the
Practitioners’ Library”) pithily put it at para 4-3: “An award for loss of
future earnings can only be made if there is real assessable loss provable by
evidence”.

146 One key difficulty in this case is in arriving at a multiplier. The
Plaintiff’s present limited capacity for work is largely because of her
complaints of pain. The evidence of the orthopaedic surgeons on both sides is
that after the fusion surgery the pain should have resolved (barring a “failed
back syndrome” as to the existence of which, I note, there is no evidence).
They therefore suggested that the pain was more psychological in nature. Dr
Lim, the psychiatrist, referred to a link between pain and depression. If
follows that if her depression is resolved, the pain should likewise resolve
or, at the least, subside.

147 As was earlier noted, Dr Lee Ee Lian opined that she would be required to
treat the Plaintiff for depression for a period of 18 to 24 months. Dr Lim was
of the view that if the Plaintiff was stable for two years on medication, it
would be a good time to stop medication. Therefore, it is possible that in
about two years’ time, she may be capable of undertaking work akin to what she
was doing before the accident. Admittedly, there can be no certainty. Hence
the difficulty with the multiplier.

148 It is also difficult to arrive at a multiplicand because her capacity for
work is dependent on how well she recovers.

149 In short, it is impossible to undertake a computation of loss of future
earnings without involving conjecture or speculation. The award should
therefore be for loss of earning capacity.

150 When assessing loss of earning capacity, the court will have to take into
account “all sorts of factors… varying almost infinitely with the facts of
particular cases”: per Browne LJ in Moeliker v A Reyrolle & Co Ltd [1977] 1
WLR 132 at 141. Ultimately, the court arrives at a figure ‘in the round’ which
in its view would do justice to the plaintiff.

151 Defendants’ counsel submit that the appropriate award for loss of earning
capacity ought to be $70,000 taking into account the Plaintiff’s profile,
qualifications and trade experience. They cite amongst others, the case of
Karuppiah. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

DCS at paras 221–222.

152 In that case, the claimant, aged 42 at trial, held a Bachelor of Arts
degree from the National University of Singapore and a Master’s degree in
Child Development. She suffered injury of the cervical spine (with prospect of
osteoarthritis and shoulder injury) as a result of an accident with a bus.

153 At the time of the accident, she was earning $4,300 per month ($51,600 per
annum) both as an editor as well as a part-time lecturer. After the accident,
she was obliged by reason of her injury to cease working as an editor,
retaining her role as part-time lecturer and additionally taking up a role as
a practicum supervisor which was physically less strenuous. Her monthly income
dropped to $2,500 ($30,000 per annum). She was originally awarded loss of
future earnings of $198,000 (ie, $1,500 per month for 11 years) but on the
defendant’s appeal, that was replaced by an award for loss of earning capacity
of $70,000 (at [33]).

154 In accepting the defendant’s arguments in favour of an award for loss of
earning capacity instead of loss of future earnings, the court held that while
the accident adversely affected the claimant’s earning ability and made it
difficult for her to maintain an editing career, it did not affect her main
skills or her ability to exploit them profitably. Further, as a well-qualified
professional, the claimant could command reasonably good remuneration whether
she worked on a full-time or part-time basis (at [31]).

155 Relying on this reasoning, the Defendants draw a parallel in the present
case. They argue that the Plaintiff’s skill set and experience are more
towards administrative and organisational support rather than physically
demanding repair work. Those skills remain exploitable despite her
disabilities. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

DCS at para 225.

The Defendants therefore submit that $70,000 is the appropriate award for loss
of earning capacity.

156 The Defendants also cite Chew Poh Kwan Margaret v Toh Hong Guan and
Another [2004] SGHC 280 (“Chew Poh Kwan Margaret”) and Wong Kim Lan v Christie
Kolandasamy [2004] SGDC 234 (“Wong Kim Lan”) for the modest quantum of damages
awarded.

157 In my opinion the latter two cases are not helpful because:

(a) In Chew Poh Kwan Margaret, the AR noted that the claimant’s income was
“very much affected by factors beyond her control or at least, by factors not
related to the accident”. The low award can also be attributed to the finding
that the claimant had an unrelated medical condition which was likely to
affect her ability to work.

(b) In Wong Kim Lan, the low award of $45,000 resulted from the court drawing
an adverse inference against the claimant. She had failed to tender her post-
accident accounts despite the defendant’s request. This led the court to infer
that she must have earned more after the accident than before.

158 A review of some other cases where the claimant’s income before the
accident, disability and age were taken into account in the mix of relevant
factors provides some guidance as to the appropriate award.

159 I avail myself of the case summaries conveniently outlined in the
Practitioners’ Library at p 40:

(b) In Nirumalan V Kanapathi Pillay v Teo Eng Chuan [2003] 3 SLR(R) 601, the
plaintiff, a lawyer, suffered a whiplash injury to the spine with resulting
disabilities. His condition would continue to deteriorate without surgical
intervention. Taking into account the plaintiff’s income of $420,000 per annum
for the years immediately preceding and after the accident and a post-trial
working period of 15 years till the age of 65, the High Court awarded the
plaintiff $180,000 for loss of earning capacity.

(c) In Tan Siew Bin Ronnie v Chin Wee Keong (supra), the plaintiff, a lawyer,
suffered a whiplash injury with permanent disabilities. One factor which the
High Court considered was the length of the plaintiff’s remaining working life
since ‘the impairments, risk and various imponderables would have to be
assessed over a longer period for a younger person’ (at [34]). At age 47, the
plaintiff had the same post-trial working span of 15 years as the plaintiff in
Nirumalan V Kanapathi Pillay v Teo Eng Chuan (supra). Comparing the income of
the plaintiff in Nirumalan V Kanapathi Pillay v Teo Eng Chuan (supra), ‘a very
high income earner’ and that of the plaintiff in Karuppiah Nirmala v Singapore
Bus Services Ltd (supra) (who was earning $51,600 per annum at the time of the
accident), with the income of the plaintiff at $120,000 per annum, the High
Court held that the sum of $100,000 was a fair award for loss of earning
capacity.

(d) In Clark Jonathan Michael v Lee Khee Chung (supra), the plaintiff,
suffered a whiplash injury with permanent disabilities which, the court found,
could interfere with his work performance. The plaintiff was 46 years old at
the time of the accident. The plaintiff found employment as a psychiatric
nurse in Australia after the accident although he had contended, without
success, that the injuries had prevented him from returning to the United
States, where he would have enjoyed a higher salary if he was employed as a
registered nurse. Given that the plaintiff’s condition might improve further,
Judith Prakash J noted the difficulty in quantifying how the plaintiff’s
disabilities would affect his earning capacity in the long term. In the 2
years prior to the assessment hearing, the plaintiff’s post-accident income
was about A$35,000. This was much lower than the income of the plaintiffs in
Nirumalan V Kanapathi Pillay v Teo Eng Chuan (supra) and Tan Siew Bin Ronnie v
Chin Wee Keong (supra). Other relevant considerations included the exigencies
of life and accelerated receipt of the lump sum. The court held that an award
of S$35,000 for loss of earning capacity was not unreasonable. This was
roughly equivalent to 80% of one year’s income.

160 At the time of the assessment of damages, the Plaintiff was 50 years old.
Her average annual income before the accident was $57,643. As a result of the
minor accident, she suffered aggravation of her existing cervical spondylosis
(ie, degeneration of the cervical spine) for which there was no mention of any
treatment. She also suffered aggravation of the pre-existing degeneration of
her lumbar spine. The degree of aggravation is between the 15–20% (estimated
by Dr WC Chang) and 50% (estimated by Dr Hee).

161 Her disability was largely because of the pain which she complained of.
However, as earlier stated it is possible that the pain issue could be
resolved within about two years, that being the estimated period for
continuation of psychiatric treatment for her depression.

162 In the assessment of damages for loss of earning capacity, the Plaintiff’s
pre-existing health condition needs to be taken into account. In other words,
her loss of income earning capacity owing to her pre-existing condition does
not qualify for compensation. Even if I allowed that the Plaintiff’s condition
after the accident was 50% aggravated by the collision, the $70,000 proposed
by the Defendants implies a quantum of $140,000 before the discount. If I were
to apply the mean of 35% which I adopted at [35] above, the $70,000 proposed
by the Defendants would imply a quantum of $200,000.

163 The Defendants’ proposed figure of $70,000 in damages is therefore
reasonable, taking into account her modest annual income before the accident,
her age and the prognosis for resolution of her pain issue. Accordingly I
award the Plaintiff $70,000 for loss of income earning capacity.

Special Damages

(a) Pre-trial Medical and Transport Expenses

164 A preliminary issue that was raised by the Defendants is whether hospital
and other medical expenses borne by the Plaintiff’s medical insurer, Great
Eastern Life Assurance Co Ltd (“GE Life”) under its Supreme Health Plan
covering the Plaintiff should form part of the Plaintiff’s claim for special
damages. It was argued that to allow her so to do would be to permit double
recovery. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

DCS at para 270.

165 On principle I do not see any objection to the Plaintiff being able to do
so. As between the Plaintiff and the Defendants, why should the Defendants
have the benefit of the insurance when the premium would have been paid or
borne by the Plaintiff? Whether or not the insurance is voluntary or
compulsory is of no relevance. As between the Plaintiff and her insurer,
whether or not the Plaintiff should reimburse the insurer from the special
damages so recovered is strictly between them and of no concern to the
Defendants.

166 James Edelman, McGregor on Damages (Sweet & Maxwell, 20th Ed, 2018) at p
1346, states:

As early as 1874 it was decided in Bradburn v G.W. Ry [(1874) L.R. 10 Ex. 1],
that, where the claimant had taken out accident insurance, the moneys received
by him under the insurance policy were not to be taken into account in
assessing the damages for the injury in respect of which he had been paid the
insurance moneys. This decision has withstood time and is solidly endorsed at
House of Lords level by Parry v Cleaver [[1970] A.C. 1], not only by the
majority who relied upon it by analogy but also by the minority who sought to
distinguish it, and more recently by Lord Bridge speaking for the whole House
in Hussain v New Taplow Paper Mills [[1988] A.C. 514 at 527G] and in Hodgson v
Trapp [[1989] A.C. 807 at 819H], and by Lord Templeman similarly in Smoker v
London Fire Authority [[1991] 2 A.C. 502 at 539B–F]. The matter is clearly now
incontrovertible. The argument in favour of non-deduction is that, even if in
the result the claimant may be compensated beyond his loss, he has paid for
the accident insurance with his own moneys, and the fruits of this thrift and
foresight should in fairness enure to his and not to the defendant’s
advantage.

167 The same position was adopted by our Court of Appeal in The “MARA” [2000]
3 SLR(R) 31 at [28] so that it is not open to the Defendants to contend
otherwise.

168 Moving on, I refer to Appendix A of the Defendants’ Closing Submissions
for the items of medical expenses disputed by the Defendants.

169 Under Heading 5, 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

DCS at p 129.

the claim for medical expenses charged by cardiologist Dr Eric Hong was
disputed by the Defendants for the following reasons:

(a) Despite the Plaintiff having paid Dr Eric Hong $13,505 for inpatient
treatment and $16,688.90 for outpatient treatment, the Plaintiff did not apply
for a substantive and comprehensive medical report from him.

(b) The Defendants does not know how Dr Eric Hong had any role in treating the
accident-related injuries. Although Dr Eric Hong treated the Plaintiff’s high
blood pressure, it is not established that there is any link between the high
blood pressure and the accident-related injuries;

(c) Dr Eric Hong was not called as a witness. There is no explanation whether
he was treating the Plaintiff for any accident-related injury.

170 Plaintiff’s counsel contended that Dr Hee had given evidence that he was
the “lead doctor” managing the Plaintiff for her conditions arising from the
accident and that all the other doctors worked in conjunction with him. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

PCS at para 9.12(i).

This is not borne out by the reference counsel made to para 4 of the AEIC of
Dr Hee. All that Dr Hee said was that “[i]n the course of [his] treating the
Plaintiff, [he had] referred her to several other medical specialists and
health professionals”, namely:

(a) Dr Eric Hong Cho Tek, a cardiologist;

(b) Dr Tan Tee Yong, a pain specialist;

(c) Ms Natalie Lim, a clinical psychologist;

(d) Dr Eu Kong Weng, a general surgeon; and

(e) Dr Lee Kim En, a neurologist.

171 He did not claim to be the lead doctor. Neither did he state that he
referred the Plaintiff to the doctors for treatment of her conditions arising
from the accident.

172 In my view, the Plaintiff has not discharged the burden of proof that the
said expenses were incurred in treating the accident-related injuries. Dr Hee
himself stated in the Joint Experts’ Report that it was difficult to prove
that hypertension arose from the Plaintiff’s injury. Dr WC Chang likewise
found no link and suggested the possibility that the Plaintiff’s overweight
condition might have made her more susceptible to developing high blood
pressure.

173 Accordingly, I disallow the claim for reimbursement of Dr Eric Hong’s
charges.

174 The next set of medical expenses disputed by the Defendants is that
rendered by Dr Tan Tee Yong, a pain specialist (listed at Heading 6 in
Appendix A). 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

DCS at pp 129–130.

Objections similar to those in relation to Dr Eric Hong’s charges were raised
in regard to Dr Tan’s charges. Dr Tan reportedly had declined the Plaintiff’s
request to testify at the trial. The Defendants therefore submitted that there
was no explanation as to the need for and relevance of his treatment in
relation to the Plaintiff’s accident related injury.

175 Dr Hee had referred the Plaintiff to Dr Tan as a result of the Plaintiff’s
persistent complaints of pain. As earlier recounted, both Dr Hee and Dr WC
Chang had opined that after the fusion surgery when the painful vertebral
segment was stabilised to stop movement, the pain should have subsided or
stopped. Dr Hee qualified his opinion to allow for the possibility of a
“failed back syndrome” in some cases but did not go so far as to say that that
was the case with the Plaintiff. Both orthopaedic surgeons thought that the
pain might in large part be psychological. Dr Hee’s words were “There is also
a significant psychological component, which psychiatrists would be more
qualified to address”. Dr WC Chang said “The Plaintiff’s chronic pain is not
so much organic in nature. It is more psychological in nature”. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Joint Experts’ Report at p 5.

176 This view of the orthopaedic surgeons as to the psychological origin of
the pain was endorsed by Dr Lim, the psychiatrist testifying as Defendants’
expert witness. In his AEIC, Dr Lim had also stated that depression can cause
pain or worsen feelings of pain. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

LYC at para 7.

Dr Lim observed at trial that many of the items of medication prescribed by
the pain specialist were to treat depression and anxiety. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Tr/02.06.17/6/8–13.

177 With the exception of plain and obvious cases, in the context of medical
expenses, there should be a substantive medical report by the medical
specialist. This would enable the defendant to determine whether the
expenditure was reasonably incurred and whether it was reasonable in quantum.
It goes without saying that the defendant may well require to cross-examine
the medical specialist.

178 As earlier noted, Dr Hee had referred the Plaintiff to Dr Tan because of
her persistent complaints of pain. On the face of it, the treatment by Dr Tan
was for pain related to the back injury suffered in the accident. However, the
quantum of fees charged ($23,700 for inpatient treatment and $8,500 for
outpatient treatment) caused the Defendants to question whether the expenses
were reasonably incurred.

179 Dr Tan however declined to testify at the trial. Defendants’ counsel
contends that they have not had “the benefit of his explanation on the type,
the need and the relevance of his treatment in relation to the Plaintiff’s
accident related injury”. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

DCS at p 130.

180 In the circumstances, I disallow the Plaintiff’s claim for the medical
expenses incurred in the treatment by Dr Tan Tee Yong.

181 I move next to medical expenses incurred at Thye Hua Kwan TCM Medical
Centre (listed at Heading 11 in Appendix A). 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

DCS at p 132.

The Defendants argued that it was not reasonable for Plaintiff to be
undergoing physiotherapy and yet also incur expenses for TCM treatment.
Erroneously, counsel for Defendants contended that the Plaintiff had not shown
that the TCM treatment was recommended by her doctor. In fact Dr Hee’s
Specialist Report of 13 August 2012 specifically stated that on 7 June 2012 he
sent her for a course of “physiotherapy plus acupuncture” 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

HHT-2 at p 94.

and that on 3 August 2012 “she was asked to continue physiotherapy and
acupuncture”.

182 I therefore allow Plaintiff’s claim in respect of the TCM expenses. In
contrast the medical expenses incurred at the Kiong Onn Medical Hall amounting
to $436 are disallowed, no explanation having been given what they were for
(listed at Heading 15 of Appendix A). 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

DCS at p 135.

183 I move on next to Dr Eu Kong Weng’s two medical bills totalling $214
(listed at Heading 13 of Appendix A). 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

DCS at p 133.

Dr Eu is a colorectal specialist. There is no evidence that he treated the
Plaintiff for any accident-related injury. I therefore disallow the
Plaintiff’s claim for reimbursement.

184 I similarly disallow the Plaintiff’s claim for medical expenses in the sum
of $1,235.85 for treatment by Dr Mark Hon Wah Ignatius (listed at Heading 14
in Appendix A). 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

DCS at p 134.

Dr Mark is an Ear, Nose and Throat specialist and was not called as a witness.
The court has no evidence that the expenses incurred have anything to do with
any of the Plaintiff’s accident related injuries.

185 Next is the claim for medical expenses in the assessment of $2,483.40
incurred at Lee Kim En Neurology Pte Ltd (listed at Heading 18 of Appendix A).
122

##### Foot Note 122

×

DCS at p 136.

Dr Lee Kim En’s (“Dr KE Lee”) invoices did not state what the Plaintiff was
being treated for. No medical report was tendered and Dr Lee Kim En was not
called as a witness.

186 Dr Hee had stated that, in the course of treating the Plaintiff, he had
referred her to Dr KE Lee amongst others. I also note from Dr KE Lee’s
invoices that he had prescribed “Quetiapine” in March, April and September
2016. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

3PBD at pp 648, 659, 706.

In the course of cross-examination Dr Lim Yun Chin was ask to identify, from
amongst a long list of medication that had been prescribed by her various
doctors, which ones were anti-depressants or mood stabilisers. Amongst others,
he identified “Quetiapine” as a mood stabiliser used for treating depression.
124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Tr/02.06.17/37/9.

Earlier invoices by Dr KE Lee in April and May and August of 2015 showed that
he had also prescribed “Cymbalta”. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

3PBD at pp 597, 613; Exhibit P12.

Dr Lim missed picking out this drug which was listed on p 8 of a nine-page
list in exhibit P12. Technically there is no evidence as to its use.
Nevertheless the parties accept that Cymbalta is used to treat major
depressive disorder.

187 One might be excused for inferring from the circumstances that, more
probably than not, Dr KE Lee treated the Plaintiff for depression. However,
the Defendants’ objections are premised upon trite law that the Plaintiff is
only entitled to recover in special damages that which he has specifically
pleaded and is able to prove. There was no specialist report. Dr KE Lee was
not called as a witness to testify that the medical expenses were reasonably
incurred in relation to injuries she sustained from the accident. The
Defendants had no opportunity to test any evidence he might have given in
relation thereto. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

DCS at p 136.

188 I therefore disallow this item of claim.

189 Better Life Psychological Medicine Clinic’s charges (listed at Heading 20
in Appendix A) was neither expressly disputed nor agreed in Appendix A.
However, at para 296 of Defendants’ Closing Submissions, the same item listed
at Heading 22 was agreed. Therefore I take it as such.

Hospitalisation Expenses

190 I refer to para 269 of Defendants’ Closing Submissions and in particular
to the grounds of objection in the first table set out after that paragraph.
As earlier stated, the fact that certain of the medical expenses were borne by
the insurers GE Life under its Supreme Health Plan is no impediment to the
Plaintiff making a claim for special damages in respect thereof. It follows
that the Defendants’ objections on that score in regard to the hospitalisation
bills are without merit.

191 On the other hand, hospitalisation charges for inpatient treatment by
those medical specialists whose medical fees have already been disallowed as
special damages ought similarly to be disallowed and I so decide.

192 Accordingly, my decision on the 14 periods of hospitalisation is as
follows:

(a) 1st hospitalisation: claim allowed in full.

(b) 2nd hospitalisation: claim disallowed.

(c) 3rd hospitalisation: claim disallowed.

(d) 4th hospitalisation: claim disallowed.

(e) 5th hospitalisation: claim disallowed.

(f) 6th hospitalisation: the hospital charges of $25,008.15 are allowed
together with Dr Hee’s fees of $14,445 but not Dr Eric Hong’s fees nor Dr Tan
Tee Yong’s fees.

(g) 7th hospitalisation: claim disallowed.

(h) 8th hospitalisation: no claim made.

(i) 9th hospitalisation: claim allowed except for Dr Tan Tee Yong’s fee of
$1,000 and Dr Eric Hong’s fee of $642.

(j) 10th hospitalisation: claim disallowed. The Plaintiff was admitted to the
hospital for a sleep study to be made at the Sleep Lab@Hospital. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

1PBD at pp 62–64.

There is no evidence from any doctor that the hospitalisation was related to
the accident.

(k) 11th hospitalisation: claim allowed less $749. The Plaintiff checked into
hospital for two days complaining of cold sweat, fever and nausea. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NLP at para 25.

She was referred to a neurologist, Dr Lee Kim En and also attended to by Dr
Hee. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

3PBD at p 594.

As Dr KE Lee did not give evidence nor provide a medical report, there is no
evidence that he treated the Plaintiff for any accident-related issues.
Accordingly his fees of $749 are disallowed.

(l) 12th hospitalisation: claim disallowed as the hospitalisation was for
colonoscopy and surgery to remove haemorrhoids.

(m) 13th hospitalisation: claim allowed. The Defendants objected to the claim
because the bill was marked as “interim”. The bill was rendered on the day of
discharge (19 March 2017) at 12.05pm. It is likely the hospital was merely
reserving its right to render further bills.

(n) 14th hospitalisation: claim not allowed except for Dr Lee Ee Lian’s fees
of $600. It appears the hospitalisation was mainly for treatment by Dr Eric
Hong. As earlier stated, there is no evidence that Dr Hong was treating the
Plaintiff for accident-related injuries.

Transportation expenses for trips to and from medical appointments

193 The Plaintiff claimed a total of $12,010.98 evidenced by 697 taxi
receipts. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

PCS at para 9.11; DCS at para 325.

The Defendants objected to certain of the trips for various reasons more
particularly set out in Appendix B of their Closing Submissions at pp 124 to
144. The total reduction sought was $3,322.73. In the main they were objected
to either because the trips were in respect of appointments with the doctors
earlier mentioned whose fees were disallowed or because there was no medical
appointment they were referable to. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

DCS at para 325, 327.

194 The Defendants’ objections in respect of visits to and from Thye Hua Kwan
TCM Medical Centre are overruled since I have found that acupuncture was
recommended by Dr Hee. Accordingly, the total reduction of $3,322.73 sought by
the Defendants shall be reduced by the fare for taxi trips to and from Thye
Hua Kwan TCM Medical Centre totalling $597.52. In the result, I award
$9,285.77.

195 Additionally, I allow the following taxi fare incurred in the year 2017:
132

##### Foot Note 132

×

5PBD at p 816.

(a) taxi fare of $14.55 and $6.75 in respect of appointment with the
Defendants’ psychiatrist, Dr Lim, on 13 March 2017; 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

LYC at para 4.

and

(b) taxi fare of $22.26 and $25.70 for Occupational Therapy Test with the
Defendants’ occupational therapist, Ms Heidi Tan, on 21 April 2017. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

HTSK at para 3.

196 This yields a total of $9,355.03 for transport expenses.

Renovation and other expenses

197 The Plaintiff claimed three items under renovation expenses. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

PCS at paras 11.1–11.4; DCS at p 112.

They are conveniently listed in p 112 of Defendants’ Closing Submissions. The
Defendants objected to the second item on the basis that the Clothes Drying
System was unnecessary given that the Plaintiff claimed she could not do
housework and was allowed the expenses of a full-time maid to do the household
chores. However, at para 314 of their Closing Submissions the Defendants
accepted that the Plaintiff continued to do some housework, including the
washing of laundry. Accordingly, the renovation expenses of $1,357.04 are
allowed in full.

198 The other two items of expenses also listed on p 112 totalling $654.10 are
agreed and require no comment.

(b) Pre-trial Expenses for employing foreign domestic workers (“FDW”)

199 Prior to the accident the Plaintiff did not hire any domestic worker,
foreign or otherwise.

200 For a year after the accident, she still had not employed any domestic
help. It was only on 27 July 2013 that the first FDW, Ms Omipig Mary Jane
Bontoyan, was employed following the fusion surgery the Plaintiff underwent in
April 2013. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NLP at para 32; 2PBD at p 370; PCS at p 66.

201 Dr Hee and Dr WC Chang agreed that the Plaintiff required a caregiver
after surgery on 20 April 2013 but they differed in their estimate of the time
such caregiver was needed. Dr Hee suggested two years while Dr WC Chang
thought one year was sufficient. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Joint Experts’ Report at pp 5–6.

I will allow the average between the two, ie, a period of 18 months from the
date of the surgery. That will take us up to the end of October 2014. The
caregiver was employed for the period 27 July 2013 to 12 September 2014, well
within the 18-month period. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

2PBD at p 370.

202 Accordingly, the total expenses aggregating $15,628.95 should be allowed.
This is derived as shown below, where I have allowed living expenses of $360
per month instead of $500 as claimed: 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

PCS at para 7.32.

| PERIOD OF EMPLOY-MENT| LIVING EXPENSES| SALARY & OTHER COSTS | TOTAL  
---|---|---|---|---  
1st FDW| 27th July 2013 to 12th September 2014 (approximately 13.5 months)|
$360 x 13.5 months = $4,860| $10,768.95| $15,628.95  
  
203 The second and third FDWs were employed after the 18-month period. The
parties disagree on whether the Plaintiff needed a full time foreign domestic
worker after the 18-month period. In practical terms the question is to what
extent the Plaintiff should be compensated for the expenses incurred in hiring
the second and third maids consecutively.

204 The Defendants submit, on the basis of the Functional Assessment Report
dated 26 April 2017 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

2DBD at p 136.

prepared by Ms Heidi Tan and as explained by the latter in court, that the
Plaintiff was independent in most of the Activities of Daily Living (“ADL”)
but might require more assistance on days she experienced a greater onset of
pain. Accordingly, she did not need a full-time caregiver. However, there was
still housework to be taken care of. According to the Plaintiff, before the
accident she used to do all the housework. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

DCS at para 305.

205 Purportedly relying on Ms Heidi Tan’s Functional Assessment Report (at p
130) the Defendants contend that in the first year after the accident the
Plaintiff had reported for work every day. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

DCS at para 312(c).

What the Functional Assessment Report actually said was as follows:

The client reported that following the accident, there has been a drastic
change in her daily lifestyle. In the first year after the accident, her
husband drove the client to the office everyday as she needed supervision and
they had yet to employ the maid. Subsequently, she returned to the office on
at a hoc basis [sic] to interact with customers. She reported she did not
resume the job tasks which require physical and cognitive demands and the
tasks were outsourced. They had sold off the workshop earlier this year.

206 In my view, the Defendants’ contention is an unwarranted inference from
the paragraph quoted. It seems to me quite clear that the “supervision”
therein referred to was not in regard to work at the office that she allegedly
continued to perform but rather to the assistance that she needed in her
physical activities of daily living.

207 The Defendants also suggest that the fact that the first FDW was employed
one year after the accident meant that they (ie, the family) were coping fine
without a maid for one year and that other family members probably did their
share of domestic duties as they had always done. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

DCS at para 317(a).

The Plaintiff’s response was that during that one year period, she had been
hospitalised many times during which she was under the care of medical
professionals and therefore did not require a caregiver. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

PCS at para 7.11.

That does not account for the periods when she was at home in between periods
of hospitalisation.

208 Nevertheless even if the family members rallied to her aid it did not
follow that she did not need a caregiver. The orthopaedic surgeons on both
sides agreed that she did need a caregiver at least for a year if not two. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Joint Experts Report, pp 5–6.

The Defendants’ suggestion that the second and third maids were hired to do
work that the other family members would otherwise have done was mere
conjecture on their part.

209 What the Defendants suggest is that, even before the accident, the family
members shared the domestic duties between them. If so, the 2nd and 3rd maids
would have in part been doing the work which the other family members would
otherwise have done. It follows that only part of their salaries and expenses
were claimable. This was mere conjecture on the Defendants’ part.

210 The Defendants also refer to a video recording taken by a private
investigator surveilling the Plaintiff. It shows that the Plaintiff did not
always use a crutch although she had it with her. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

DCS at para 311; 1DBD at pp 69–70, 72–73.

However, it should be noted that on each occasion the Plaintiff walked only a
short distance. It does not tell us much. Nevertheless, if the Defendants’
purpose is to suggest that the Plaintiff was capable of some household duties,
that would be difficult to dispute.

211 The question remains as to how much she was capable of doing at the
material time. Dr Hee had conducted a functional assessment on 26 June 2013
and determined that the Plaintiff required help and/or supervision for
washing/bathing, dressing, toileting, transferring and mobility. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Joint Experts’ Report p 5.

212 He went on to state that the nature of her impairment was permanent and
that the functional status was not likely to improve. He noted that there was
only mild improvement in her functional status since 26 June 2013. He ended by
saying in the Joint Experts’ Report that the Plaintiff definitely needed a
maid to do the housework (cooking, washing, cleaning etc) that she previously
did. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Joint Experts’ Report at p 6.

Dr WC Chang disagreed that the nature of the Plaintiff’s impairment was
permanent, pointing out that Ms Heidi Tan’s Functional Assessment in April
2017 confirmed that the Plaintiff is independent in most self-care tasks and
in ADL. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Joint Experts’ Report at p 6.

He conceded, however, that considering her current psychological state she
might need a part time helper to perform the more demanding house chores and
heavier tasks like carrying groceries. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Joint Experts’ Report at p 6.

213 In response to the Court’s question whether he thought she would be able
to remain on her feet for long while cooking when she might be obliged among
other tasks to fill a pot with water and carry it to the stove, Dr WC Chang
conceded that the Plaintiff would probably need more help than what he earlier
said. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Tr/01.06.17/95/10–20.

214 Weighing the evidence, my view is that the Plaintiff did need the services
of a domestic help, not so much to assist in taking care of herself as to take
on the household chores. Although the Plaintiff was not incapable of
performing less demanding household tasks, she was incapable of undertaking
tasks which required her to be on her feet for long and especially when she
was in pain. Moreover, because of her depression which probably began some
time in 2015, her ability to function would also have been curtailed.

215 I would therefore allow the expenditure in relation to the second and
third FDW’s as shown below: 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

PCS at p 74.

| PERIOD OF EMPLOY-MENT| LIVING EXPENSES| SALARY & OTHER COSTS | TOTAL  
---|---|---|---|---  
2nd FDW| 12th November 2014 to 29th November 2015 (approximately 12.5 months)
153

##### Foot Note 153

× PCS at p 68. | $360 x 12.5 months = $4,500| $9,728.00 154

##### Foot Note 154

× PCS at p 69. | $14,228.00  
3rd FDW| 28th January 2016 to May 2017 (approximately 16 months) 155

##### Foot Note 155

× PCS at p 70. (Still currently employed calculated on a pre-trial basis)|
$360 x 16 months = $5,760| $12,500.50 156

##### Foot Note 156

× PCS at p 71. | $18,260.50  
  
216 I have not disallowed the agent’s fee of $1,692.50 for change of FDW from
the second to the third FDW 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

PCS at p 70, para 7.30.

in the absence of any evidence that it was unreasonable to do so.

Future expenses for engaging FDW

217 The Plaintiff submits that she will require a FDW for the rest of her
life. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

PCS at para 8.1.

This is clearly excessive and not supported by the medical evidence.

218 One of the findings of Ms Heidi Tan based on the pain questionnaire was
that “the impact of chronic pain on [the] emotional and social aspects of her
life may have a greater impact on her life than the physical functional
aspects”. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

HTSK at p 9.

I take that to mean that the chronic pain may have a greater impact on the
social and emotional aspects of her life than the physical functional aspects.

219 As was mentioned earlier, Dr WC Chang was of the view that the pain she
complained of was not so much organic in nature but more psychological. Dr Hee
opined with regard to the pain, that there was a significant psychological
component. Dr Lim Yun Chin was of the opinion that if the Plaintiff were
treated adequately there was a real possibility that the pain intensity would
subside. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

2DBD at p 121.

220 Dr Lim also estimated that the duration of time needed for treatment of
the Plaintiff for her psychiatric condition was two years from commencement of
treatment, ie, from October 2016. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Tr/02.06.17/44–45.

221 Dr Lee, who was of the view that the Plaintiff’s psychiatric condition was
graver (because of PTSD), suggested three to four years. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Tr/31.05.17/79.

Given that I do not believe the Plaintiff suffered PTSD, I would be more
inclined to a treatment period of two years. During this period, she would
need a domestic worker. Using the monthly rate applicable to the third FDW, I
will allow a sum of $27,390.

Future Medical Expenses

222 Plaintiff’s counsel submits that the “Plaintiff’s medical expenses show no
sign of coming to an end” and “will likely continue to the end of the
Plaintiff’s life”. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

PCS at para 10.1.

This is a gross exaggeration unsupported by the medical evidence.

223 On their part, the Defendants’ counsel have dealt with the potential
future medical expenses one by one. I shall adopt this approach.

(a) Future Surgery – lumbar spine

224 The orthopaedic surgeons on both sides agree that no further surgery will
be required. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Joint Experts’ Report at p 7; Tr/01.06.17/105/16–25.

(b) Future Surgery – cervical spine

225 With regard to the neck, Dr Hee suggested that if further degeneration
occurred in the future, surgery might be required. His evidence was that 10%
of cervical spondylosis sufferers require surgery. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Joint Experts’ Report at p 7.

226 Dr WC Chang likewise was of the view that surgery was not required at
present. He went on to say that cervical spondylosis is a degenerative disease
so that degeneration would take place in the ordinary course unrelated to the
accident. Even if the accident caused an aggravation, it is unlikely that
surgery would be needed in the future as a result of such aggravation. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Tr/01.06.17/106/1–18.

227 As it appears unlikely that surgery will be required, I make no award in
regard thereto. In any event, no cost estimate was suggested, even by Dr Hee.

(c) Future Consultations with Orthopaedic Surgeons

228 Dr Hee suggested ten years of monitoring of Plaintiff’s neck and back. Dr
Chang suggested one review per year for five years. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Joint Experts’ Report at p 7.

I will allow ten years monitoring at $220 per year (comprising X-ray fee of
$100 and consultant’s fee of $120) yielding $2,200. Allowing return taxi fare
at $30 per visit, future transport expenses is allowed at $300.

(d) Physiotherapy

229 Dr Hee would defer to the view of the physiotherapist, but subject thereto
he suggested ten years. His reason was that the Plaintiff reported that
physiotherapy helped to relieve her pain and he would give her the benefit of
the doubt. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Joint Experts’ Report at p 7.

230 Dr WC Chang on the other hand thought she should be given only one more
year of physiotherapy. His reason was that long term physiotherapy has no
therapeutic value and tends to erroneously reinforce the Plaintiff’s chronic
pain. He went on to say she will not need to go for physiotherapy except when
there is exacerbation of pain. He further opined that by this time she should
be able to maintain good spinal posture and care and to do regular back
strengthening exercises as taught by the physiotherapist. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Joint Experts’ Report at pp 7–8.

231 This found support in what the physiotherapist, Ms Judee Poh (“Ms Poh”),
had said in evidence. Ms Poh said that the Plaintiff was taught core
strengthening and stretching exercises and knew how to do them. She would
require physiotherapy only if there was an exacerbation of pain. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Tr/31.05.17/28/8–28.

232 Ms Poh saw the Plaintiff on 11 January 2014 and the first course of
therapy concluded on 20 October 2014. By then she was able to competently
demonstrate home exercise programme for stretching and managing pain. She was
told to see the physiotherapist only if she needed to. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

AEIC of Poh Judee dated 17 February 2017 (“PJ”), PJ-1; Tr/31.05.17/26/22–24.

233 In 2015 she saw Ms Poh 26 times partly because she sprained her ankle. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Tr/31.05.17/31/11–19.

In 2016 there were ten sessions. In 2017, there were five sessions up to May
2017. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

DCS at pp 89–90.

It is clear that the frequency of physiotherapy sessions was reducing.

234 Ms Poh said she would work with a patient for a period of three to five
years. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Tr/31.05.17/53.

At the latest, counting 2014 as the first year, the physiotherapy should
conclude by 2018. Counsel for the Intervener suggested that it should end by
2019 and allowed for six sessions per year. Ms Poh agreed. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Tr/31.05.17/53.

235 Accordingly the Defendants submit that for the rest of 2017 there should
be another six sessions and for 2018 and 2019 a total of 12 sessions. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

DCS at para 268.

236 I accept that as being reasonable, and therefore allow a total of 18
sessions at $123 each, ie, $2,214. In addition I allow transport expenses of
$30 per visit for 18 visits, making a total of $540.

Duration of psychiatric treatment

237 Dr Lee Ee Lian opined that she would require to treat the Plaintiff for
depression for a period of between 18–24 months. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

DCS at para 164; Tr/31.05.17/81–82.

She also said that initially the frequency of treatment might be fortnightly
or at least once a month and thereafter quarterly. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

DCS at para 165; Tr/31.05.17/76/13–18.

238 Dr Lim’s view was that if the patient was stable for two years on
medication, it would be a good time to stop medication. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

DCS at para 166; Tr/02.06.17/44–45.

239 There is not much difference between the evidence of the two
psychiatrists. My decision is that there should be two years of future
treatment of which there should be monthly consultations in the first year and
quarterly sessions in the second year. The total number of 16 consultations at
Dr Lee’s rate of $250 per session yields an aggregate of $4,000. No figures
were suggested for the medication. In the round, informed by Dr Lee’s previous
invoices, I allow another $4,000.

Conclusion

240 In the result, my award of damages is as follows:

(a) General Damages

(i) Damages for pain and suffering and loss of Amenities

(A)| Lumbar Injury (with Cauda Equina Syndrome)| $23,000  
---|---|---  
(B)| Cervical Injury| $4,000  
(C)| Psychiatric Injury| $12,000  
| Total| $39,000  
  
(ii) Loss of Earnings

(A)| Pre-trial Loss of Earnings – to be computed between counsel following the
court’s directions.|  
---|---|---  
(B)| Loss of Earning Capacity| $ 70,000  
  
(b) Special Damages

(i) Pre-trial Medical Expenses

(A)| Incurred at Mt Alvernia Hospital| $821.72  
---|---|---  
(B)| Incurred at Mt Elizabeth Hospital| $8,988.09  
(C)| Incurred at Centre for Spine & Scoliosis Surgery (Dr Hee Hwan Tat)|
$2,279.20  
(D)| Supplies from Guardian Pharmacy Mount Elizabeth| $252.68  
(E)| Integratif Medical Orthotics & Prosthetic Specialist| $941.60  
(F)| Centre for Medical Imaging| $872.05  
(G)| Shenton Medical Group | $600.00  
(H)| Singapore Medical Specialists Centre| $120.00  
(I)| Thye Hua Kwan TCM Medical Centre| $1,384.00  
(J)| Pinnacle Spine & Scoliosis Centre(Dr Hee Hwan Tat)| $9,158.15  
(K)| Health Care Medical Centre (Neighbourhood Clinic)| $210.00  
(L)| National Healthcare Group Polyclinics| $63.14  
(M)| SMG Specialist Centre| $3,960.00  
(N)| Better Life Psychological Medicine Clinic (Dr Lee Ee Lian) | $4,213.65  
| Total| $33,864.28  
  
(ii) Hospitalisation

1st hospitalisation (25 July 2012 to 28 July 2012)| $6,619.26  
---|---  
6th hospitalisation (20 April 2013 to 7 May 2013) as well as Dr Hee’s fee|
$25,008.15$14,445.00  
9th hospitalisation (10 January 2014 to 13 January 2014) (claim disallowed
except for Dr Hee’s attendance fee)| $4,424.32  
11th hospitalisation (14 April 2015 to 16 April 2015) (claim allowed except
for Dr Lee Kim En’s fee)| $3,829.58  
13th hospitalisation (13 March 2017 to 19 March 2017)| $11,625.38  
14th hospitalisation (14 May 2017 to 15 May 2017) (claim disallowed except for
Dr Lee Ee Lian’s fee)| $600.00  
Total| $66,551.69  
  
(iii) Transport Expenses $9,355.03

(iv) Renovation and other expenses $2,569.14

(v) Expenses for employing foreign domestic workers (“FDW”)

1st FDW| $15,628.95  
---|---  
2nd FDW| $14,228.00  
3rd FDW| $18,260.00  
Total| $48,116.95  
  
(c) Future Expenses

For employment of domestic worker| $27,390.00  
---|---  
Future medical expenses:(a) Consultations with Orthopaedic Surgeons and
associated taxi fare(b) Physiotherapy and associated taxi fare(c) Psychiatric
treatment| $2,500.00$2,754.00$8,000.00  
Total| $40,644.00  
  
241 If, contrary to my expectation, there is any difference between the
parties in the computation of pre-trial loss of income following the
directions that I have given, I will hear the parties.

242 I will also hear the parties on costs.

Andrew Ang  
Senior Judge

Yap Tai San Paul and Janice Han (Vision Law LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Chua Tong Nung Edwin and Cham Xin Di, Cindy (Lawrence Chua Practice LLC) for
the defendant;

The third party in person;

Yeo Kim Hai Patrick and Tan Mun Yung, Kenneth (KhattarWong LLP)

for the intervener.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 29 Oct 2020 (20:25 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

