Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 36

Originating Summons No 392 of 2017

| In the Matter of Section 210(1) of the Companies Act (Cap. 50)  
---|---  
  
And

| In the Matter of  
---|---  
| Empire Capital Resources Pte. Ltd.  
  
| Empire Capital Resources Pte. Ltd.  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

judgment

[Companies] — [Schemes of arrangement]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re: Empire Capital Resources Pte Ltd

[2018] SGHC 36

High Court — Originating Summons No 392 of 2017  
Aedit Abdullah J  
6 November 2017, 18 January 2018; 8 November 2017  

19 February 2018 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 By this application, leave is sought under s 210 of the Companies Act (Cap
50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Companies Act”) to convene a meeting of creditors to
consider a proposed scheme of arrangement (“the proposed scheme”). A number of
points of opposition are taken up by the objecting creditors Pathfinder
Strategic Credit LP and BC Investment LLC (“the Noteholders”), including that
the proposed scheme falls outside the ambit of s 210 as it involves the
improper release of claims against third parties; that there has been
insufficient disclosure; and that the creditors should be grouped in more than
one class for voting. I have concluded that the scheme meeting may be
convened, but with two classes of voters.

Background

2 Related companies to the Applicant previously sought leave to convene
meetings of creditors to approve schemes of arrangement. These efforts however
came to naught. The present application, the latest attempt, is opposed by
creditors who had also previously opposed the earlier applications.

3 Two note programmes were obtained by the Berau Group. The first was the
issuance of US$450,000,000 by Berau Capital Resources Pte Ltd (“BCR”), with
12.5% guaranteed senior secured notes due 8 July 2015 (“the 2015 Notes”). The
second was the issuance of US$500,000,000 by PT Berau Coal Energy Tbk (“BCE”),
with 7.25% guaranteed senior secured notes due 13 March 2017 (“the 2017
Notes”). Empire Capital Resources Pte Ltd (“the Applicant”) was a guarantor of
the 2015 Notes and 2017 Notes (collectively, “the Existing Notes”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Applicant’s skeletal submissions dated 22 September 2017 at para 5.

Previous proceedings

4 Prior to the 2015 Notes falling due, on 6 July 2015, BCR commenced OS
630/2015 for a moratorium under s 210(10) of the Companies Act (“the First
Moratorium”) as BCR was unable to make the required payments. The First
Moratorium was granted and allowed negotiations between Pathfinder Strategic
Credit LP and other members of a former ad hoc committee of noteholders (“the
Ad Hoc Committee”) on a potential restructuring of the Existing Notes. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Applicant’s skeletal submissions dated 22 September 2017 at paras 8-9;
Skeletal submissions of (1) Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and (2) BC
Investment LLC dated 22 September 2017 at paras 17-22.

On 3 March 2016, the court dismissed BCR’s application in HC/SUM 84/2016 for
an extension of the First Moratorium. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Applicant’s skeletal submissions dated 22 September 2017 at para 26; Skeletal
submissions of (1) Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and (2) BC Investment LLC
dated 22 September 2017 at para 22.

5 On 1 June 2016, OS 550/2016 and OS 551/2016 were filed by BCR and BCE
respectively. BCR applied to be placed under judicial management while BCE
applied for a moratorium under s 210(10) of the Companies Act. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Applicant’s skeletal submissions dated 22 September 2017 at para 46; Skeletal
submissions of (1) Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and (2) BC Investment LLC
dated 22 September 2017 at paras 23-25.

On 2 November 2016, OS 550/2016 and OS 551/2016 were withdrawn. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Applicant’s skeletal submissions dated 22 September 2017 at para 50; Skeletal
submissions of (1) Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and (2) BC Investment LLC
dated 22 September 2017 at para 25.

6 On 11 November 2016, BCR filed OS 1175/2016 and BCE filed OS 1180/2016 under
s 210(1) of the Companies Act. Under these proceedings, BCR and BCE
respectively proposed schemes of arrangement to restructure the notes that had
been issued by them (“the 2016 proposed schemes”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Applicant’s skeletal submissions dated 22 September 2017 at para 51; Skeletal
submissions of (1) Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and (2) BC Investment LLC
dated 22 September 2017 at paras 26-28.

7 On 9 April 2017, BCR and BCE withdrew OS 1175/2016 and OS 1180/2016
respectively and the Applicant commenced the present proceedings under s 210
of the Companies Act for leave to convene a meeting of creditors to consider
the proposed scheme. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Applicant’s skeletal submissions dated 22 September 2017 at para 65; Skeletal
submissions of (1) Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and (2) BC Investment LLC
dated 22 September 2017 at paras 29-30.

The proposed scheme

8 Under the proposed scheme, the liabilities of the Applicant and that of
related entities including BCE and BCR under the Existing Notes could be
discharged. In exchange for the discharge of liabilities, new notes will be
issued to the existing noteholders by PT Berau Coal and guaranteed by BCE
(“the New Notes”). Noteholders who do not accept the proposal by the
stipulated deadline will not be given interests in the New Notes, unless they
subsequently so accept before a second stipulated date. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Applicant’s skeletal submissions dated 22 September 2017 at paras 73-74.

9 Unlike the 2016 proposed schemes, there will be no reverse Dutch auction,
and the New Notes will not be subordinated. The New Notes will attract
interests of LIBOR plus 1% per annum, with a tenor of 10 years. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Applicant’s skeletal submissions dated 22 September 2017 at para 75.

10 It is contemplated that secondary proceedings will be instituted under
Chapter 15 in the US if the proposed scheme is approved. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Applicant’s skeletal submissions dated 22 September 2017 at para 80.

The Applicant’s case

Relevant considerations at this stage of the proceedings

11 The Applicant argues that leave should be granted for a creditors’ meeting
to be convened to consider the proposed scheme. It is emphasised that the
present application is only the first stage. While composition of the voting
classes is a relevant consideration, the court does not consider the merits
and fairness of the scheme, as the court is only concerned with the court’s
jurisdiction to sanction the scheme if it proceeds: The Royal Bank of Scotland
NV v TT International Ltd [2012] 2 SLR 213 (“TT International (No 1)”) 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Applicant’s skeletal submissions dated 22 September 2017 at paras 83-84.

.

12 Several of the Noteholders’ objections relate to matters which are not
before the court at this stage: supposed breaches of contractual obligations
and court orders by the Berau Group, the unfairness of the proposed scheme and
the prejudice to the Noteholders in respect of the action brought in New York.
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Applicant’s skeletal submissions dated 22 September 2017 at paras 87-94.

Structure of proposed scheme

13 The Applicant further argues that the inclusion of guarantors in schemes of
arrangement, as in the proposed scheme, is not uncommon and cites the case of
Daewoo Singapore Pte Ltd v CEL Tractors [2001] 2 SLR(R) 791 (“Daewoo
Singapore”) as an example. The related companies are integral because they are
principal debtors in relation to the Existing Notes. The Applicant is not a
mere guarantor, but is a principal debtor under the indentures, and can be
sued for the full sum in both sets of notes. The proposed third-party releases
are ancillary and coextensive. The joint obligors guarantee the Applicant’s
liability as the Applicant guarantees theirs. In any event, Re Lehman Brothers
International (Europe) (No 2) [2009] EWCA Civ 1161 (“Re Lehman Brothers”)
cited by the Noteholders did not rule that it was a requirement that the
third-party liability must be ancillary to the arrangement between the company
and its creditors. All that it decided was that third-party claims could be
released if such a claim recovered the same loss as a claim between the
company and its creditors. There is sufficient connection in the present
circumstances. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Applicant’s skeletal submissions dated 22 September 2017 at paras 127-128;
Applicant’s reply submissions dated 2 November 2017 at paras 23-38.

14 Any claim against the third parties would result in claims against the
Applicant because of subrogation. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Applicant’s reply submissions dated 2 November 2017 at para 41.

15 As for the Noteholders’ argument that there is no genuine give and take in
the proposed scheme, this is really an argument that fresh funding is not
being provided. This is untrue as new notes would be issued, with a 54.5%
return. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Applicant’s reply submissions dated 2 November 2017 at para 42.

The Noteholders’ argument that there is an expropriation of the rights of the
creditors in the proposed scheme is also merely a repetition of its argument
that there is no real give and take in the proposed scheme. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Applicant’s reply submissions dated 2 November 2017 at paras 110-111.

16 In addition, contrary to the Noteholders’ submission, no security and hence
no proprietary rights, are involved here. A distinction is drawn between being
secured creditors and beneficiaries under a trust: Re Lehman Brothers. The
existence of security does not alter the noteholders’ positon as creditors. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Applicant’s reply submissions dated 2 November 2017 at para 43.

17 The Noteholders’ argument that Indonesian law alternatives to a scheme have
not been properly examined is not material at this stage. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Applicant’s reply submissions dated 2 November 2017 at para 58.

18 None of the points raised by the Noteholders touch the court’s jurisdiction
and are not relevant at this state.

19 No abuse was committed by the Applicant. Instead, it was the Noteholders
who committed abuse. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Applicant’s reply submissions dated 2 November 2017 at paras 89-108.

Classification

20 With regard to the appropriate classification of creditors, the Applicant
argues that a single voting class is sufficient. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Applicant’s skeletal submissions dated 22 September 2017 at paras 96-108;
Applicant’s reply submissions dated 2 November 2017 at paras 46-61.

Financial disclosure

21 Sufficient financial disclosure has been made. What constitutes material
non-disclosure is to be considered in relation to classification, the
likelihood of success of the meeting or possible abuse: Re Punj Lloyd Pte Ltd
[2015] SGHC 321 (“Punj Lloyd”). The Noteholders complaints concerning
inadequate disclosure are irrelevant to the question of classification. In
addition, in the present case, there is no indication of a blocking majority
against the proposed scheme. The Noteholders rely on Re Econ Corp Ltd [2004] 1
SLR(R) 273 (“Re Econ Corp”) but that was a sanction case. In any event, the
Berau Group has given as much information as possible without breaching
Indonesian laws. As for the Noteholder’s argument that the information
disclosed is unreliable, the observations in Wah Yuen Electrical Engineering
Pte Ltd v Singapore Cables Manufacturers Pte Ltd [2003] 3 SLR(R) 629 (“Wah
Yuen”) relied upon by the Noteholders were concerned with the sanction stage.
Further, Re Heron International NV [1994] 1 BCLC 667 (“Re Heron”) highlights
that the information required to be disclosed even at the sanction stage is
dependent on the specific facts, and inequality of information is not
necessarily fatal. Information relating to commercial viability of the scheme
is relevant as the sanction sage, as in TT International (No 1), but not at
the leave stage, as in the present case. The Noteholder’s argument that the
Applicant should provide greater detail on the possible alternatives to the
proposed scheme is also unrealistic. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Applicant’s skeletal submissions dated 22 September 2017 at paras 109-116;
Applicant’s reply submissions dated 2 November 2017 at paras 64-83.

22 As for the argument that it should be made clear whether or not the authors
of a position assessment prepared for the Applicant on the fairness of the
scheme (“the Position Assessment”) are prepared to accept responsibility for
that assessment, there is no requirement for this to be given, and the authors
have in any event given a clear assessment. In relation to the purported
deficiencies in the Position Assessment highlighted by the Noteholders’
expert, the applicant is happy to put the Noteholders’ experts’ reports before
the creditors. Notwithstanding, the Applicant’s position is that mistakes were
made by the Noteholders’ expert in various respects. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Applicant’s reply submissions dated 2 November 2017 at paras 80-88

Moratorium

23 A moratorium is required to ensure the Berau Group is protected from
hostile litigation until the meeting is held. The Applicant also submitted
that the court has an inherent jurisdiction to grant a moratorium that extends
to proceedings outside Singapore, citing Pacific Andes Resources Development
Ltd [2016] SGHC 210 (“Pacific Andes”). In addition, under s 211B of the
Companies Act, the moratorium granted by the court may have extraterritorial
effect. Under s 211C, the court may grant a moratorium in respect of
subsidiaries and holding companies. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Applicant’s skeletal submissions dated 22 September 2017 at paras 117-125.

The Noteholders’ Case

Structure of proposed scheme

24 The Noteholders argue that the proposed scheme is not properly structured.
What is proposed is not a compromise between the Applicant and its creditors;
it seeks to improperly release third parties, ie, the issuers of the Existing
Notes. While third-party releases were recognised in Daewoo Singapore, there
are limits to such release, as shown in English cases such as Re Lehman
Brothers. Following the guidance in such cases, the proposed scheme fails the
requirements as it is proposed only by a mere guarantor and is intended to
dilute the vote of opposing creditors. In addition, the third-party debt is
not ancillary or contingent to the debt owed by the Applicant, but is rather
the other way around; such release of the third-party claims is not necessary
to the compromise with the applicant; there is no genuine give and take in the
proposed scheme, and the rights of the creditors against the third parties are
proprietary not personal. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Skeletal submissions of (1) Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and (2) BC
Investment LLC dated 22 September 2017 at paras 45-66.

Classification

25 The class of creditors have been improperly constituted, as the 2015
noteholders and 2017 noteholders should be placed in different classes. The
two sets of notes are separate but interdependent arrangements, issued by
different issuers based in different jurisdictions, with different obligors
and guarantors. In addition, the 2015 noteholders will recover 38.5% to 44.9%
more returns than the 2017 noteholders, with each set having separate
security. Cases in which a difference in recovery rate did not necessitate
separation into different classes may be distinguished from the present case.
Wah Yuen involved minor differences in recovery, among other things, while In
the matter of DTEK Finance Pls, In the Matter of the Companies Act 2006 [2016]
EWHC 3562 (Ch) (“DTEK”) and In the Matter of Metinvest BV [2016] EWHC 79 (Ch)
(“Metinvest”) are distinguishable as they each involved a single issuer of
multiple series of notes, and did not involve a scheme in which the recoveries
between the different notes would have been different in liquidation. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Skeletal submissions of (1) Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and (2) BC
Investment LLC dated 22 September 2017 at paras 68-76; Skeletal reply
submissions of (1) Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and (2) BC Investment LLC
dated 2 November 2017 at paras 28-30.

Financial disclosure

26 Insufficient financial disclosure has been given. All material information
that could impinge on the financial interests of the creditors should be
disclosed under s 211 of the Companies Act and under common law. The
information thus far disclosed do not fulfil the requirements of being
sufficient to allow an assessment as to the returns from the proposed scheme
and the commercial viability of the implementation of the scheme. Information
on the status of the parent company’s finances and possible alternatives to
the proposed scheme have not been disclosed. The Applicant also has not
disclosed whether or not the authors of the Position Assessment are prepared
to accept responsibility for that assessment. The reliability and currency of
the financial information disclosed are also questioned by the Noteholders. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Skeletal submissions of (1) Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and (2) BC
Investment LLC dated 22 September 2017 at paras 77-91.

Moratorium

27 The relief sought by the Applicant is procedurally defective as the time
period for which the moratorium is sought has already expired. Even if the
moratorium is granted, it should not have any extra-territorial effect. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Skeletal submissions of (1) Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and (2) BC
Investment LLC dated 22 September 2017 at paras 137-153.

Abuse of process and jurisdiction

28 There has also been abuse of the processes of the court. Repeated
applications have been made by the Berau Group. Multiple applications should
be the exception and not the norm. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Skeletal submissions of (1) Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and (2) BC
Investment LLC dated 22 September 2017 at paras 100-118.

29 In further arguments submitted in the oral hearings, the Noteholders
reiterated their argument that there was no jurisdiction for the court to
grant leave for the scheme meeting to be convened as the release of third
parties here goes beyond what is permitted. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Certified Transcript dated 6 November 2017 at pp 8-11.

Expropriation of rights

30 The proposed scheme also amounts to an expropriation of rights’ of the
creditors. It is not a compromise, as it does not involve any give and take.
An unfair scheme will not be allowed to go forward: Re MIM Holdings Ltd [2003]
45 ACSR 554. Expropriation is also relevant in determining whether there is
abuse of process. The proposed scheme unfairly targets the Noteholders, as
opposed to other creditors. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Skeletal submissions of (1) Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and (2) BC
Investment LLC dated 22 September 2017 at paras 119-136; Skeletal reply
submissions of (1) Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and (2) BC Investment LLC
dated 2 November 2017 at paras 24-25.

The Decision

31 I am satisfied that leave should be given for the meeting to be called, but
with the creditors to be grouped into two separate classes.

Analysis

32 The analysis will consider the overall approach in scheme applications; the
objections to the structure of the proposed scheme; the objections raised in
terms of the proposed single voting class; the lack of proper disclosure and
the allegation of abuse of process.

Approach in leave and sanctions

33 The approach to be taken was laid down in TT International (No 1), and its
guidance has been reiterated in numerous cases since. At paragraph 62 of the
judgment, the Court of Appeal noted, after considering Lord Millet NPJ’s
suggestion that classification of creditors is a matter left to the sanction
stage:

62 … In our view, even if there is a need at this stage to hear potentially
dissenting creditors, such a hearing could usually be conducted expeditiously
and summarily. Having considered the relative advantages of both approaches,
we are inclined to prefer the approach in the Practice Statement which
commends itself for the greater degree of certainty it injects into the
process of passing a scheme. The adoption of this procedure in Singapore
requires the company’s solicitors, when applying for an order to summon the
scheme creditors’ meeting, to unreservedly disclose all material information
to the court to assist it in arriving at a properly considered determination
on how the scheme creditors’ meeting is to be conducted. Any issues in
relation to a possible need for separate meetings for different classes of
creditors ought to be unambiguously brought to the attention of the court
hearing the application. As time is ordinarily of the essence in such
applications, all scheme related matters (including appeals therefrom) should
be heard on an expedited basis.

63 Following the court’s consideration of the issues raised by the applicant
and the creditors in relation to the creditors’ meetings for the proposed
scheme, it may give directions for the calling of scheme creditors’
meeting(s). However, two points should be noted. First, the court should not
consider the merits and fairness of the scheme at this stage, as this stage
really concerns the court’s jurisdiction to sanction the scheme later if it
proceeds. In this regard, Re Telewest ([45] supra) at [14] (approved by the
English Court of Appeal in Re Telewest Communications plc [2005] BCC 29 (“Re
Telewest Communications plc”) at [9]) is instructive:

In considering the primary position of the opposing bondholders, it is
important to keep in mind the function of the court at this stage. This is an
application by the companies for leave to convene meetings to consider the
schemes. It is emphatically not a hearing to consider the merits and fairness
of the schemes. Those aspects are among the principal matters for decision at
the later hearing to sanction the schemes, if they are approved by the
statutory majorities of creditors. The matters for consideration at this stage
concern the jurisdiction of the court to sanction the scheme if it proceeds.
There is no point in the court convening meetings to consider the scheme if it
can be seen now that it will lack the jurisdiction to sanction it later. This
is principally a matter of the composition of classes. … and the practice now
is to deal so far as possible with issues of class composition at the first
stage of the application for leave to convene meetings. There might
exceptionally be other issues which would go to jurisdiction and could be
properly raised at this stage: see Re Savoy Hotel Ltd [1981] Ch 351. What the
court should not do is to consider the fairness of the scheme with a view to
deciding whether at the later hearing it will or will not sanction it.
[emphasis added]

64 Second, it should be borne in mind that where there is no realistic
prospect of a scheme receiving the requisite approval, the court should not
act in vain in granting the application for meetings to be convened: see Re Ng
Huat Foundations Pte Ltd [2005] SGHC 112 at [9]. This is something that the
applicant’s solicitors and the proposed scheme manager should take into
account prior to making an application for leave to convene a scheme
creditors’ meeting. A failure to make a conscientious assessment of the likely
prospects of scheme approval may result in adverse costs orders.

34 The Court of Appeal thus found that at the leave stage, when the applicant
seeks the permission of the court under s 210 of the Companies Act to convene
a meeting of creditors, the following principles apply:

(a) The court is primarily concerned with the proper exercise of its power to
approve the convening of the meeting.

(b) It does not generally consider the merits or otherwise of the scheme at
this stage.

(c) The court will consider the proper classification of creditors for the
purposes of voting.

(d) The court also examines if there is a realistic prospect of the proposal
being approved.

35 In Punj Lloyd, I noted at [29] that abuse of process may be an additional
reason for the court declining to approve the calling of the meeting. While
this is not expressly mentioned as a ground in s 210; the ground flows from
the proper invocation of that section. The court will not allow the mechanism
of s 210 to be used for instance to simply gain time or frustrate the
enforcement by creditors of their rights.

36 What must be emphasised in particular is that the merits or otherwise of
the scheme is really to be left to the creditors to determine in the meeting.
Unless something untoward arises in respect of the conduct of the meeting, or
some other matter goes to the procedural fairness of the voting process, the
court would generally not step in as the statute contemplates that the
determination of the viability or otherwise of the scheme is a matter for the
creditors to determine in their own respective interests. But because of the
binding nature of the vote if the required threshold is reached and the
approval of the court is thereafter obtained, matters going to the fairness of
the process should be addressed at the leave stage. That explains why the
composition of the voting classes should be determined at that point. In
addition, anything that indicates that the process is being used for other
purposes, including delay or gamesmanship, would be relevantly taken up by the
court at the leave stage.

37 It is also appropriate for the court to consider matters relating to the
scope of the scheme at the leave stage if there is a question about whether
what is proposed is properly a compromise or arrangement between the company
and its creditors within the meaning of the empower section, ie, s 210.

38 Here, the Noteholders describe their concerns over whether the proposed
scheme is truly a compromise as “jurisdictional issues”. This is aligned with
similar usage in previous cases. On reflection, I do not consider these issues
are properly “jurisdictional” but rather are more concerned with the scope of
the powers of the court. Strictly jurisdictional matters are those pertaining
to whether the court can be seised of a particular matter. Here, what the
Noteholders have taken issue with is the power of the court to allow the
release of the claims against the third parties to be the subject matter of
the scheme, and hence the vote. That goes to what the court can or cannot do
and is thus to my mind a question of the power of the court. Another way to
frame the question raised is whether the scope of the power under s 210
extends to such a scheme. Neither goes to the question of whether the court is
properly seised of the matter.

The structure of the proposed scheme

39 The proposal contemplates the surrendering or release of claims against
various companies in the Berau Group in the Existing Notes as follows:

(a) the two issuers, BCR in respect of the 2015 Notes, and BCE in respect of
the 2017 Notes;

(b) the Applicant company, Empire Capital Resources Pte Ltd; and

(c) various other companies which had also given guarantees in respect of the
Existing Notes.

Such release is in return for the issuing of new notes in place of the
Existing Notes, to be issued by PT Berau Coal.

Scheme proposed by guarantor

40 What differs in this case from the usual run of scheme proposals is that
the Applicant is a guarantor of the Existing Notes, rather than an issuer.
There have already been previous proposals by the actual issuers to
restructure. Those attempts have failed.

41 The Noteholders argue that leave should be denied as the Applicant is
merely a guarantor seeking to release the primary obligors. The Applicant has
also combined two separate debt obligations into a single scheme; that is,
there is a deliberate dilation. The release of the third-party claims is also
not ancillary to or contingent on the release of primary claims against the
scheme company. Nor is it necessary to have such a release in a compromise
with the scheme company. The Applicant’s debts could in fact be compromised
without affecting the debts of BCE and BCR. There is no genuine give and take
as no consideration is provided for the release, and no fresh funding.
Furthermore, the creditors’ rights are proprietary as security was given to
the noteholders. The Noteholders argue that this application is unprecedented
given that it is the guarantor applying for a restructuring. It is also
contended that such an arrangement appears to be motivated by a desire to
justify the combining of the two sets of noteholders into a single voting
class. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Skeletal submissions of (1) Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and (2) BC
Investment LLC dated 22 September 2017 at paras 45-66.

42 The Noteholders in further arguments sent in by letter after the oral
hearing, reiterated these points. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Letter to court dated 22 December 2017 at paras 6-16.

It is submitted that claims against a primary debtor, such as BCR and BCE in
the present case, cannot be included in a scheme entered into by a guarantor
of those debts and its creditors. The recognised categories of release of
claims against third parties are those where the third parties are contingent
or potential creditors of the company. Cases of release of guarantor or
insurer liability are thus examples of such contingent liability by the
company. It is said that an impact is required on the company in the absence
of the third-party release. Here, both BCE and BCR are entirely third parties,
that will not ever be creditors in relation to the debts to be covered by the
scheme.

43 In response, the Applicant submits that arguments as to the merits and
fairness of the scheme should not be heard at this stage. The Applicant is not
a mere guarantor, but is a principal debtor under the Existing Notes and can
be sued for the full sum under each note. In fact, the Applicant’s liability
under the Existing Notes is as extensive as those of the issuers and other
guarantors, and vice versa. A claim against BCE or BCR would seek to recover
the same loss as a claim against the Applicant, and is thus sufficiently
connected to the debt owed by the Applicant. The third-party releases are
therefore appropriate. Nor could it be said that the third party-releases are
not necessary to the compromise with the Applicant. A claim against any of the
companies would result in a claim against the Applicant through subrogation.
Fresh funding is indeed being provided. The interests of the noteholders are
not proprietary, within the meaning laid down in Re Lehman Brothers. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Applicant’s reply submissions dated 2 November 2017 at paras 23-38.

44 In my judgment, the scheme’s propriety must be measured by the statute.
Section 210(1) of the Companies Act reads:

Where a compromise or arrangement is proposed between –

(a) A company and its creditors or any class of them;

…

the Court may, on the application in a summary way of any person referred to
in subsection (2), order a meeting of the creditors … or a class of such
persons, to be summoned in such manner as the Court directs.

The company is included as a person in subsection (2).

45 The statute permits a compromise or arrangement by a company with its
creditors to be approved, implemented and binding even those creditors who
oppose it provided that the various requirements, including the voting
thresholds, are met.

46 What the provision requires is that (leaving out members in this particular
instance):

(a) there is a company;

(b) proposing a compromise or arrangement; and

(c) involving its creditors.

The fact here that the Applicant’s obligation as a guarantor is contingent
does not obstruct the application; contingent creditors were for instance part
of the scheme in TT International (No 1).

47 The main area of dispute in this regard is whether there is a compromise or
arrangement that is proposed. The phrase is not defined in the Companies Act.
In practice, the phrase has been construed broadly, as in Re Uniq plc [2011]
EWHC 749 (Ch) (“Re Uniq plc”) and the discussion by Professor Jennifer Payne
in Schemes of Arrangement: Theory, Structure and Operation (Cambridge
University Press, 2014). In Re Uniq plc, while the scheme would involve a
reduction in the equity stake of the existing shareholders, it was sufficient
that some benefit would accrue to them as there would be relief from the
obligations of a pension scheme in deficit. In addition, as noted by Professor
Payne at p 21 of Schemes of Arrangement: Theory, Structure and Operation:

For both ‘compromises’ and ‘arrangements’ the courts have required that the
scheme involve some element of give and take, and not simply amount to a
surrender or confiscation.

This essentially entails some giving up of rights or assertion of rights by
the creditors, in return for something from the company.

48 It is argued by the Noteholders that what was proposed was not a compromise
or arrangement within the meaning of the Companies Act, as what was being
given up by the creditors was a right in respect of a third party. This is not
a question about the express wording of s 210. Section 210 does not expressly
exclude the present factual situation. It is instead a question about the
proper scope of s 210. The question really is whether there are some proposals
which by their nature fall out of the proper ambit of s 210, by affecting
claims against parties other than the applicant company.

49 The core concern of s 210 is with claims in respect of the applicant
company held by the creditors (we are not concerned with members in this
context). The question is whether beyond that, could claims held by the
creditors against third parties be given up through the scheme and should any
dissentient creditor be bound by the votes of others.

The test for releases of claims against third parties

50 The Noteholders rely on English cases, which they say show that release
would not be appropriate here. The Applicant does not take significant issue
with the test propounded in these cases, but argues firstly, that these are
considerations for the sanction stage, and secondly that they are in any event
not breached here.

England

51 The Noteholders rely on the summary of the broad thrust of the English
cases in Schemes of Arrangements: Theory, Structure and Operation by Professor
Payne at p 31, which reads as follows:

[T]he English Court has accepted that it has jurisdiction to require creditors
of a company, as part of the compromise or arrangement of their primary claims
against the company, to release guarantees that they had in respect of the
same debts, and to authorise the execution of deeds of release on their
behalf, as long as (i) the compromise involves genuine give and take between
the third party and the company’s creditors; (ii) the creditor’s rights
against the third party are sufficiently closely connected with its rights as
creditor against the scheme company; (iii) the creditor’s rights against the
third party are personal, not proprietary; and (iv) the creditor benefits from
the release of its rights against the third party, to the extent that if it
were to exercise them this would adversely affect what it might recover under
the scheme.

52 This analysis appears to be predicated on the decision in Re: La Seda de
Barcelona SA [2010] EWHC 1364 (Ch) (“La Seda”)¸ a decision of Mrs Justice
Proudman in the High Court of Justice Chancery Division which in turn appears
to be premised on the approach of US cases. This approach does appear to be in
line with the decision of the English Court of Appeal, just shortly before La
Seda, in Re Lehman Brothers, in which Patten LJ highlighted and considered the
following factors:

(a) The scheme should be an arrangement between the company and its creditors:
at [58]. The English Court of Appeal rejected the broad proposition that the
court could sanction the removal of rights not held as creditor: at [66].

(b) A creditor is someone who has a monetary claim against the company,
including contingent claims, and includes creditors with security: at [58] and
[60].

(c) A proprietary claim is not a claim in respect of a debt or liability of a
company. It is noteworthy that the actual result was a dismissal of the
sanction application as the scheme was concerned with distribution of property
held on trust for creditors which the English Court of Appeal found was a
proprietary claim and not a claim in respect of a debt or liability of the
company: at [67].

(d) The term “arrangement” is given a relatively unrestricted meaning: at
[61]. An arrangement may include the release of contractual rights or rights
of action against related third parties necessary in order to give effect to
the arrangement proposed for the disposition of the debts and liabilities of
the company to its own creditors. It excludes rights over their own property
held by the company for their benefit as opposed to property held as security:
at [65].

Longmore LJ agreed with judgments of Patten LJ and Lord Neuberger of
Abbotsbury MR. The judgment of Lord Neuberger MR was primarily concerned with
rejecting the argument that the scheme could affect the proprietary
arrangements made. In the course of that judgment, Lord Neuberger MR stated
that Re T&N Ltd (No 3) [2007] 1 BCLC 563 (“Re T&N Ltd (No 3)”) was near the
outer limits of the scope of s 895 of the 2006 UK Companies Act, and
characterised Re T&N Ltd (No 3) as being concerned with third-party rights
contingent on the existence of the creditors’ claims against the company: at
[83].

53 The judgments in Re Lehman Brothers must really be understood as being
primarily concerned with the question whether a scheme could encompass
property held on trust. That underscores the analysis of Re T&N Ltd (No 3) and
Fowler v Lindholm, in the matter of Opes Prime Stockbroking Limited [2009]
FCAFC 125. In explaining the earlier decision of Re T&N Ltd (No 3), the
English Court of Appeal focused on whether the release of third-party claims
were ancillary or necessary to the applicant company’s arrangements with the
creditors. The English Court of Appeal found in that case that the court’s
jurisdiction would extend to the approval of schemes releasing rights against
third parties which were designed to recover on the same basis (at [63]). Re
T&N Ltd (No 3) was concerned with insurance claims, and thus the explanation
in Re Lehman Brothers was expressed in terms of whether the recovery was of
the same loss, but the principle would presumably be the same for other forms
of claims. In addition, while Lord Neuberger MR stated that Re T&N Ltd (No 3)
was close to the outer limits of s 895 of the 2006 UK Companies Act, this
would seem to be because in Re T&N Ltd (No 3), the applicant company’s
liabilities were only remotely affected in the scheme – that is, in substance,
only the claims against the third party were affected.

54 Professor Payne has postulated in Schemes of Arrangements: Theory,
Structure and Operation that release of third-party claims can be permitted
where this is necessary to give effect to the arrangements between the company
and members, that is where the claims to be released are based on the same
company / shareholder or company / creditor relationship as the compromise or
arrangement under the scheme (at p 31). While Professor Payne did not
elaborate on what amounts to the same relationship, if taken strictly, this
approach may be unduly restrictive. Differences would be expected in the
relationships. What should matter is whether there is a sufficient connection
or nexus between the various claims, and the situation between the applicant
and the creditors. A totally separate and unrelated liability between these
creditors and the third party, should not be brought into the scheme mechanism
in this way – that would to my mind be beyond the scope of the statutory
provisions.

Australia

55 In comparison to the position in England, the Australian approach, or at
least one Australian approach, as exemplified by cases such as Re Opes Prime
Stockbroking Ltd [2009] FCA 813 (“Re Opes”), is fairly broad. The focus is on
the existence of an adequate nexus (at [55]). A similar stance was taken in
Bacnet Pty Ltd v Lift Capital Partners Pty Ltd [2010] 183 FCR 384. Though the
approach in the Re Opes was doubted in City of Swan v Lehman Brothers
Australia Ltd [2009] FCAFC 130 (“City of Swan”), the broad approach was
maintained as the court in City of Swan did not rule expressly on the
correctness of the approach in Re Opes as this was not necessary for the
determination of that case. In Australia therefore, it would seem that give
and take need not be between the creditors and the company, but between
creditors and third parties.

56 In Re Opes, Finkelstein J in the Federal Court of Australia had to consider
a scheme under which the creditors of the applicant were to also release
claims against banks, another company in the same group, the liquidators of
that third-party company, and receivers. Finkelstein J considered a number of
cases including Daewoo Singapore. After reviewing what were termed “pro-
release” cases, Finkelstein J said at [48]:

The approach evident in the pro-release cases is that the scheme of
arrangement provisions are intended to be a flexible instrument and it is that
flexibility which gives the provisions their efficacy. When first enacted …
the provisions were intended to facilitate compromises and arrangements
between insolvent companies and their members and creditors as an alternative
to liquidation. Now they have a much wider purpose, including allowing
businesses to restructure or reorganize their affairs to enable them to go
forward in a better condition, or to amalgamate their business so as to reduce
expenses and compete with greater effect.

57 After considering US cases, which were noted to point to the utility of a
broad construction, Finkelstein J said at [55]:

… I have no doubt … that I should follow the approach in the pro-release cases
to which I have referred. In other words, provided there is a sufficient nexus
between a release and the relationship between the creditor and the scheme
company, the scheme can validly incorporate the release. There is a sufficient
nexus here for any number of reasons, including, most importantly, that the
creditors’ claims against the Opes companies and their claims against the
banks largely (and in many cases completely) overlap, the schemes are in
settlement of interlocking claims and, in the absence of the release, none of
the claims would be compromised.

Finkelstein J identified indications of connection in that case as stemming
from overlap, interlocking and impact. These are all certainly manifestations
of connection or nexus. I do not understand Finkelstein J as stipulating that
any one or any combination was necessary – these were just instances of the
broader concept of connection.

Singapore

58 In Singapore, the Court of Appeal’s decision in Daewoo Singapore recognised
that third-party releases may be permitted in a scheme but did not stipulate a
test to determine when it would be appropriate. Daewoo Singapore concerned a
scheme in which a guarantee by a director of the applicant company would be
released by the creditor. The Court of Appeal noted at [23]:

On the first question, we can see no reason in principle why a scheme of
arrangement or compromise under s 210 of the Companies Act cannot incorporate
such a term. No cases have been cited to us to say that such a term cannot be
embodied in a scheme. After all, a scheme of arrangement or compromise
proposed by a company to be made with its creditors or a class of creditors
under s 210 of the Companies Act is no more than a proposal to vary or modify
its obligations in relation to its debts and liabilities owed to its creditors
or a class of creditors on certain terms and conditions. In seeking so to vary
or modify its obligations, there is nothing to prevent the company from
proposing, as part of a wider scheme, inter alia, a term to the effect that,
in consideration of what the company has provided under the scheme, the
creditors will, upon implementation of the scheme, discharge not only the
debts and liabilities of the company but also the liabilities of the
guarantors for the same debts and liabilities of the company.

The Court of Appeal then emphasised that it was not for the court to determine
what is agreeable (at [23]):

Whether such a term is agreeable to its creditors is a different matter; it
all depends on the circumstances of the case and what the company has to offer
under the scheme as a quid pro quo for the discharge of these liabilities.

59 The Court of Appeal’s decision in Daewoo Singapore does manifest a number
of important principles:

(a) Section 210 is broad enough to cover a situation in which a third party is
released by the creditors.

(b) The agreeability of what is proposed is a matter for the creditors and is
a reflection of the creditors’ determination of whether the quid pro quo
offered by the company is desirable.

60 This to my mind reflects the general approach in Singapore that it is for
the creditors to weigh what is in their interests, and conversely it is for
the company to propose an attractive enough proposition. The court does not
generally substitute its determination of what is appropriate at the leave
stage. If sufficient votes are obtained at the scheme meeting to approve the
scheme at the sanction hearing, the court essentially determines, by
considering what is commercially reasonable, whether the proposal is sound.
There is nothing in SK Engineering & Construction Co Ltd v Conchubar Aromatics
Ltd and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR 898 that goes against this.

61 Flowing from that, a third-party release is not in itself something that is
to be guarded against and restricted. What must be excluded is any use of s
210 to further collateral purposes, bringing in a transaction that is wholly
unconnected with the company that is applying for leave for the scheme meeting
to be called. That to my mind would be served by requiring that it be
demonstrated that there is a nexus or connection between the applicant
company’s debt and the third party’s debt. Where one is a guarantee for the
other, that connection would generally be made out. Which one is primary and
which is secondary is immaterial.

62 Similarly, whether the third-party claims are personal or proprietary would
seem a secondary issue; if there is a connection, I cannot see that the quid
pro quo could not be put forward to the creditors under s 210. The cases
previously cited do seem to require that the third-party claims being released
should be personal and not proprietary. I am not certain that such a
restriction is needed. If sufficiently connected to the applicant’s own
liabilities, it would seem immaterial whether the creditors’ rights against
the third parties are personal or proprietary.

63 I accept however that where the claims against the applicant company are
purely proprietary, such claims cannot form the basis of a scheme of
arrangement as the holder of the property is not a creditor of the company and
would follow with respect the approach of the English court in Re Lehman
Brothers: see Re Lehman Brothers at [59]. In addition, I agree with the
English court that secured creditors are still creditors – their security
exists and is only enforceable to the extent that the underlying indebtedness
continues: see Re Lehman Brothers at [60].

64 The exclusion of purely proprietary claims relates to the need to establish
that the right in question is one of creditor-debtor, rather than ownership.
Security rights do not confer a proprietary claim for the purposes of this
analysis; until the point of enforcement of security, these rights are
secondary to the creditor-debtor relationship. It may be that there are
certain security interests for which this distinction may be blurred. These
will need to be considered case by case.

65 What matters is thus the nexus or connection between what is proposed and
the liability of the applicant company. Breaking it down further, there must
be some connection between the applicant company’s debt and what is sought to
be released. If there is no such connection, then the proposal would fall
outside the ambit of the statute. What amounts to a sufficient connection
cannot be laid down with any definitiveness: but a wholly unconnected debt
would certainly fail.

66 A clearly excluded situation would be where the creditors' claim is wholly
unrelated to the applicant company. Some connection or linkage from the
applicant company’s debt to the creditors would be needed as there would
otherwise be nothing for s 210 to bite on. On the other hand, such agreement
would overstep the bounds if it were in respect of something wholly unrelated
to the company, as that would clearly be beyond the ambit of the statutory
provision and the object of the Companies Act. In such a situation, there
would seem to be little if any basis for the mandatory nature of the s 210
regime to be made applicable.

67 Third-party releases have been permitted, as is evident in the cases
referred to by both sides. Indeed, it would be unduly restrictive to prohibit
the release of any liability of any person other than the debtor company, if
it and the creditors are content to so agree.

68 The Noteholders’ further arguments contend that the permitted categories of
third-party release require that there be some impact on the scheme company.
There is a superficial attractiveness to this, but I do not think in the end
it really assists in determining the proper scope of a s 210 scheme. All
things may have an impact on another – much depends on how broadly and loosely
one wants to use the term.

69 On the present facts, in one sense, as argued by the Noteholders, there is
no impact: BCE and BCR are distinct entities from the Applicant. On the other,
if the debts of BCE and BCR are not released there may indeed be, and perhaps
probably be, an impact on the Applicant, since they are part of the same
group. At the very least the creditworthiness of the group may be adversely
affected, which would be a sufficient impact on the Applicant.

70 Seen in that light, I cannot see that there is any advantage to the
approach of considering the impact as opposed to weighing any nexus or
connection. The same result would follow if one looks at real consequences as
the yardstick.

71 Nor is it made out that this application is for any collateral or improper
purpose. The Noteholders suggested that the inclusion of the claims against
the third party is an excuse to classify the two sets of notes together in a
single class. The question of class composition is examined below; there was
no substantiation of the allegation of the collateral purpose in the third-
party release.

72 The Noteholders have also taken issue with the fact that the obligation to
be compromised is in the form of a guarantee. Section 210 is not limited to
obligations or claims of a specific type. The language used is broad. There is
nothing in the nature of a guarantee that would prevent it coming within s
210. What matters is if there is sufficient connection, or nexus, between the
compromise and the company. On the facts here, the guarantees were part of the
financing structure that the creditors subscribed to. This again points to the
question being left to the creditors in a meeting.

73 In any event, even if the approach in Re Lehman Brothers was adopted, the
same result would to my mind follow. In the circumstances of the present case,
the release of the claims against the third party would be sufficiently
ancillary to the arrangement in respect of the Applicant’s debt. The claims
are connected to the Applicant’s debt as they were part of the same structure
or web of rights and liabilities to support the indebtedness of the Applicant
and its related companies to the creditors. The other objections raised by the
Noteholders in the application of Re Lehman Brothers would not bar approval.
The creditors’ claims here were not proprietary in the sense considered in Re
Lehman Brothers and the other English cases. The Noteholders argue that they
were given security; but the existence of a security arrangement does not
render the interest proprietary, as was made clear in Re Lehman Brothers. What
is sought to be released is the contractual debt owed by the issuers. The
prohibition in Re Lehman Brothers was targeted at the release of actual
property rights, such as those held under a trust.

Conclusion as to the structure of the scheme

74 I am satisfied that the proposed scheme falls within the ambit of s 210,
and within the permitted scope as recognised in Daewoo Singapore. That
approach coincides with the test developed in Re Opes, which I believe should
represent the law, so as to allow s 210 to be used flexibly to further
legitimate commercial ends. It is ultimately up to the creditors as a voting
group to decide whether they wish to move forward. The interests of the
minority are sufficiently protected by the s 210 regime, particularly by the
need for a super majority. If the English cases lead to a different
conclusion, I respectfully decline to follow them.

Classification

75 The Noteholders take issue with the proposal of taking both the 2015
noteholders and the 2017 noteholders as a single class and argue that
differences in the returns, and the issuers which were based in different
jurisdictions, point to the need to have different classes. The Applicant
argues however that the 2015 Notes and 2017 Notes are interdependent
arrangements. In any event, the Applicant argues that any difference would not
call for the separation of the two sets of creditors, as the differences are
not so dissimilar that they would be unable to consult together before they
vote.

The test

76 The approach was laid down in Re UDL Holdings Limited & Ors [2002] 1 HKC
172 (“UDL Holdings”). The essential question is whether the creditors have
rights that are so dissimilar that they cannot sensibly consult together with
a view to their common interest and must be given separate meetings (see UDL
Holdings at p 184). The Court of Final Appeal of the Hong Kong SAR, referred
as well to the observation of Chadwick LJ in Re Hawk Insurance Co Ltd [2001] 2
BCLC 480 (“Re Hawk Insurance”) that whether a single meeting is enough depends
on whether what is proposed is a single composite arrangement or in fact
separate but interdependent arrangements with different classes (see UDL
Holdings at p 179).

Application to facts

77 The Noteholders argue on the basis of Re Hawk Insurance that what is
proposed are separate but interdependent arrangements, citing previous
proposals by the Berau Group. The fact that the issuers were based in
different jurisdictions, with BCR in Singapore and BCE in Indonesia is also
material. It is said that this was an attempt to circumvent jurisdictional
objections in respect of BCE, by amalgamating two schemes into one. There are
different obligors and guarantors of the two notes. The recovery differs
between the two sets of notes. The Noteholders further argue that DTEK and
Metinvest are distinguishable and not material. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Skeletal submissions of (1) Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and (2) BC
Investment LLC dated 22 September 2017 at paras 68-76; Skeletal reply
submissions of (1) Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and (2) BC Investment LLC
dated 2 November 2017 at paras 28-29.

78 The Applicants argue that a single voting class is sufficient citing the
cases of Wah Yuen, DTEK and Metinvest. It is possible for the 2015 and 2017
noteholders to consult together with regard to their common interest. The two
sets of notes are linked. Furthermore, it is not disputed that the notes are
interdependent arrangements. The scheme proposed is a composite one, covering
both sets; a similar situation was accepted in UDL Holdings. Re T&N Ltd (No
3), cited by the Noteholders, illustrates when claims would be found to be the
same. As for the argument that the 2017 noteholders would have been entitled
to raise jurisdictional objections, the Berau Group is not obliged to carry
out restructuring through an entity that is not resident in the forum and the
Noteholders are able to raise their concerns to other creditors at the scheme
meeting and the sanction hearing. There is little distinction between the two
sets of notes. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Applicant’s reply submissions dated 2 November 2017 at paras 46-59.

79 The fact that the Existing Notes were issued by different companies within
the Berau Group did not necessarily mean that they should be classed
differently. While there would be third-party releases of these issuers, the
scheme applicant is common to both. What needs to be weighed is whether the
two sets of Noteholders could sensibly, as stipulated by Wah Yuen, consult
together because of different rights.

80 As for the difference in recovery, while the Noteholders argue that the
difference is not sufficiently shown to be a small difference, citing Re Indah
Kiat International Finance Company BV [2016] EWHC 246 (Ch) (“Indah Kiat”) on
the appropriate demonstration of evidence, some difference in levels of
recovery is tolerable simply because the court has to take a practical
approach – that is the upshot of the case in Wah Yuen. In some instances,
equal recovery will be possible, in others not. Creditors generally may have
different expectations of returns. What matters is whether that difference is
such that they cannot reasonably deliberate as a group. While there was some
difference in returns, this was not to my mind sufficient to conclude that it
was inappropriate to have a single class. Though there may be differing rates
of return, the two sets of noteholders could sensibly consult together.

81 But what is material is that third-party releases are to be given in
respect to each issuer. While the creditors may have a common element in the
form of the guarantee by the applicant company, as well as other
commonalities, the fact that the creditors have other rights exercisable
against different entities, would seem on its own to call for separation into
different classes. The considerations that may come into play in weighing
whether any release is to be given, and what should be the price of such
release, would seem to be the sort that could attract different results, which
would mean that there would be little common interest. It is only against this
backdrop, any difference in returns would then serve as an additional pointer
towards separation.

82 There was some question of what percentages were in support. What is
required is at least having a proportion of support that puts the scheme
within some opportunity for approval – I have expressed this in past cases as
being in striking distance. From what I could see of the percentages as
indicated: 25.28% and 4.9% of the outstanding principal amount of the 2015 and
2017 notes respectively are held by the Noteholders. These percentages do not
necessarily indicate that that the scheme is doomed to failure, and I would
not bar the calling of the meeting on those grounds. In particular, I note
that there has been some fluctuation in the composition of the opposing
noteholders, and it may be that there may be some change by the meeting. It
may be otherwise if the opposing noteholder is a single entity; in such a case
it may be that a 25% opposition expressed at the leave stage may mean that
that the meeting should not be called.

83 I should note that the Noteholders raised another point that BCE is an
Indonesian entity, and thus jurisdictional issues would have to be taken into
account. I did not however consider that this point could be taken that far on
its own in this regard.

Financial disclosure

84 The Noteholders took issue with what has been disclosed thus far. The
Noteholders say that their expert has raised pertinent issues. The Noteholders
cite the requirement in s 211(1) of the Companies Act that there be a
statement explaining the effect of the compromise or arrangement. Whatever
that could impinge on the financial interest of the creditors, so as to allow
them to make informed decisions should be disclosed: The Royal Bank of
Scotland NV v TT International (No 2) [2012] 4 SLR 1182 (“TT International (No
2)”), Wah Yuen, Indah Kiat and Re Heron. The cases indicate that sufficient
information should be given to assess that the returns are greater than in
liquidation and that information on the parent company's finances should be
provided as well: Re Econ Corp. Up to date information must be provided: Re
Heron. The commercial viability of the implementation of the scheme should
also be disclosed: TT International (No 2); as well as possible alternatives
and basis for the predicted outcomes: Re Van Gansewinkel Groep BV and others
[2015] EWHC 2151 (Ch) (“Re Van Gansewinkel”), and the willingness of the
authors of the Position Assessment to accept responsibility: Indah Kiat. It
was argued that none of these were provided or substantiated by the Applicants
here. The Noteholders also contend that financial information that is based on
unaudited information is not reliable, citing Wah Yuen. How the finances of
the Berau Group have deteriorated over the past few years has not been
substantiated. It is not possible for each noteholder to investigate the
groups affairs and financial condition, despite the invitation made in the
Position Assessment. The Applicant contends that they are unable to give
further information because of the restrictions under Indonesian law, but
nothing has been given to substantiate this. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Skeletal submissions of (1) Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and (2) BC
Investment LLC dated 22 September 2017 at paras 77-91.

85 The Noteholders further point to the view of their independent expert that
the Applicant has not given sufficient information for the noteholders to make
an informed decision when voting, in view of the dearth of information given,
the absence of any opinion on the reasonableness and completeness of the
information and absence of details and other statements. It is also said that
the Position Assessment falls short of the standard in Singapore, and that the
recoveries are not likely to be greater than in liquidation. The Applicant has
failed to address these concerns. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Skeletal submissions of (1) Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and (2) BC
Investment LLC dated 22 September 2017 at paras 92-99.

86 The Applicant argues otherwise. Most of the cases cited by the Noteholders
were concerned with the sanction stage including Wah Yuen, Re Econ Corp, TT
International (No 2) and Re Heron. Furthermore, the court in Re Heron noted
that what is required to be supplied is dependent on the facts, and that
inequality in information is not necessarily fatal, depending on the
practicalities of the situation. Berau Group has supplied what it could. The
Applicants emphasise that the Noteholders are entitled to make their views
known, but yet have not been open in sharing their documents with the rest of
the creditors. As to the acceptance of responsibility for the matters stated
in the Position Assessment, no case authority has been cited that would
support such a requirement. The Applicants are happy to put the Noteholders’
expert report before the other creditors, but the Noteholders’ expert has in
any event made a number of errors. Furthermore, his concerns are about
improvements to the scheme, which are not material at the leave sage. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Applicant’s reply submissions dated 2 November 2017 at paras 62-88.

87 I accept that a number of the cases cited by the Noteholders in respect of
this issue were concerned with the granting of sanction by the court, and are
thus of limited usefulness to the present case, which concerns only the
convening of the creditors’ meeting.

88 While Indah Kiat was, in contrast to the other cases cited, concerned with
an application for leave rather than sanction or approval, I do not think that
Snowden J’s statement in Indah Kiat can be taken as far as the Noteholders
contend. There were specific concerns present in that case which are absent
here. The evidence that was before the court and creditors was opaque,
especially as regards the supporting creditor, whose identity was not fully
disclosed. It was also only incorporated a few months before the application,
with two directors, who appear to have been nominee directors, and who were
its shareholders with a Cayman fund. The implication was that the supporting
creditor was only a nominee for or under the control of some other person.
Additionally, another company in the group had obtained sanction from a
Bermudian Court on the basis of perjured evidence. It is in the context of
these concerns that the court’s determination that there should be more
information and full analysis of the alternatives, as well as on the
responsibility of the authors needs to be taken against. The application in
that case was also taken in the background of litigation in the United States,
and just after the centre of main interests was shifted to England. Another
significant factor in that case was that it was adjourned for six weeks
primarily to allow creditors more time to consider. However, I note that
Snowden J also highlighted the inadequacy of the disclosure separately.

89 Given these concerns and deficiencies, and the impact of the supporting
creditor’s connection with the applicant, and thus on the scheme composition,
it is not surprising that the application was adjourned by Snowden J. A case
similar to Indah Kiat may be decided the same way in Singapore, but I suspect
the basis for such a decision would be doubt about the bona fides of the
proposal. If there is woefully inadequate information, the meeting ought not
be called, as the circumstances would indicate lack of bona fides, and
possibly an attempt to game the system, by fending off creditors with a s 210
moratorium.

90 Here any deficiency in the information provided did not go that far. There
may have been shortcomings, but nothing to indicate such concern that it
should be removed. Creditors can voice their concerns or lack thereof in a
meeting, and vote accordingly. Importantly, the Applicant has also indicated
that it is ready to disseminate the documents of the Noteholders’ expert for
consideration by the other creditors. The Noteholders are however not
receptive to this because it does not believe that it would be helpful to
creditors to upload hundreds of pages of the independent expert report, which
taken in isolation, would not have made sense to the reader. If indeed the
Noteholders were concerned about the lack of information available to the
rest, they should be ready to share. As they are not in fact completely ready
to do so, they cannot really complain about what is sent out.

91 Certainly, some failure to provide information could amount to an abuse of
process. But the present case is far from such a situation. I thus accept that
the information provided at this stage is sufficient. While there may be some
deficiencies, the consequences lie at the hands of the creditors. If they
consider the information insufficient to attract their support, they are free
to reject the scheme.

92 The Noteholders also contend that insufficient notice was sent out of the
hearings herein, contrary to the requirements in TT International (No 1); it
is said that the Applicant should have given notice of the issues taken up in
respect of the jurisdiction or power of the court. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Skeletal reply submissions of (1) Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and (2) BC
Investment LLC dated 2 November 2017 Paras 72-77.

The Applicant however contends that notice was given of the hearing by way of
the announcements, and TT International (No 1) did not adopt wholesale the UK
Practice Statement, contrary to the Noteholders suggestion. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Applicant’s reply submissions dated 2 November 2017 at paras 9-13.

93 I do accept that we have not adopted the UK Practice Statement wholly, and
that applications are ex parte generally. Nonetheless, the courts have
instituted various measures to ensure that matters are properly canvassed. The
noteholders would have been well aware of the application in any event through
the pre-trial conferences, and the other creditors would have been informed
that there was an application being made. The notice would not need to include
all the various possible issues that opposing creditors may raise. That is
really for the creditors themselves to take advice on. What should be included
would be sufficient detail of the normal matters that the court would look at,
including the voting classes. I do not think it can be said that there was
inadequate notice sent out.

Abuse of process

94 Various allegations of abuse of process were raised by each side. The
Noteholders argue on the basis of Irish authorities, that the court can find
that repeated applications can amount to an abuse of process: In the matter of
the Companies Act 1993 to 2009, and in the matter of Vantive Holdings and
others [2009] IESC 69 (“Re Vantive Holdings”), Re McInerney Homes Ltd and
others [2011] IESC 31. Here, there were multiple applications, a sudden
improved offer late in the day, deliberate and tactical discontinuance,
multiple moratoria, and an attempt to wear out creditors. The Noteholders also
argued that statutory restrictions were also imposed in the new amendments to
the Companies Act to prevent abuse. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Skeletal submissions of (1) Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and (2) BC
Investment LLC dated 22 September 2017 at paras 100-118.

95 The Applicant contends that the previous applications just showed the
efforts that were made by the Berau Group to find a workable compromise for
the creditors’ benefit. The Irish cases cited by the Noteholders are
distinguishable as under Irish law, court protection is invoked, with an
automatic moratorium. The absence of such an automatic moratorium in the
present case removes the mischief targeted by the Irish decisions. In
addition, the Irish cases are also distinguishable on the facts for various
reasons, including that there were points raised which had been determined
earlier. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Applicant’s reply submissions dated 2 November 2017 at paras 89-108.

96 In the end, while in my view some of the previous proceedings could have
been avoided, I did not find that there was anything that amounted to abuse of
process by either side. Importantly, there is nothing to bar the present
application being pursued. The fact that a number of related applications may
have been filed previously is not by itself a bar. There may be various
reasons behind such applications, not all of which may be either nefarious or
indicative of bad faith. It is only when the court is able to draw the
conclusion that the applications have consistently been made with no hope or
on tenuous grounds that an inference of bad faith will be drawn.

97 If the Irish authorities cited by the Noteholders go further than this, I
would respectfully decline to follow their approach.

Moratorium

98 The Applicant sought a moratorium in respect of foreign proceedings outside
Singapore. The present proceedings fell outside the 2017 amendments to the
Companies Act, which came into force only after the application was filed.

99 The Applicant referred to the inherent jurisdiction of the court recognised
in Pacific Andes, at least to the extent where it is necessary to protect a
scheme that has received sanction. It is argued that the court’s jurisdiction
should be exercised where leave is granted for a meeting to be convened. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Applicant’s skeletal submissions dated 22 September 2017 at paras 118-126.

100 I am of the view that any inherent jurisdiction should generally not be
exercised to affect proceedings overseas. The circumstances where such conduct
outside the territorial jurisdiction of the court should be circumscribed are
to my mind limited. The fact that s 211B of the Companies Act now permits
moratoria to have extra-territorial effect does not change matters. That is a
statutory extension; it does not by itself provide an impetus for common law
or inherent jurisdiction to be so extended. The moratorium granted will be
only within Singapore and for a period of time to cover any application for
sanction should the meeting vote in favour of the scheme. The specific order
will be detailed separately in directions.

Further arguments

101 After the conclusion of the oral hearing, when I indicated that I would
reserve judgment in the light of the novel issues raised, the Noteholders
instructed Senior Counsel, who then, while acknowledging that oral arguments
had concluded, sent in further arguments reiterating particularly the
contention that the proposed scheme went beyond what is permitted. Senior
Counsel indicated he had done so to assist the court.

102 Given the circumstances, and out of courtesy to Senior Counsel, I
requested a response from the Applicant, who maintained their earlier
arguments. While the Noteholders continued to press for an oral hearing, I
informed parties that this was neither necessary nor appropriate: nothing new
was added.

103 I reiterate what I have just said recently in my judgment in Re: Zetta Jet
Pte Ltd and Others [2018] SGHC 16, that once oral arguments have concluded,
leave should be obtained from the court before further arguments are thrown
in. I would emphasise that the courts would lean against allowing further
arguments after oral hearings unless good reasons are shown: there must be
finality to the process.

Conclusion

104 I will thus grant leave for the scheme meeting to be called, but with
separate classes for the two sets of noteholders. A moratorium is ordered, but
with only local territorial effect, and up to a date after the meeting is to
be convened, or other order of court. Directions for the settling of detailed
orders will be given separately by letter.

105 Directions for cost arguments will also be given separately.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

Nair Suresh Sukumaran, Foo Li-Jen Nicole and Tan Tse Hsien, Bryan (Chen
Shixian) (Nair & Co LLC) for the Applicant;  
Philip Jeyaretnam SC (instructed counsel) (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP),
Andrew Chan, Alexander Yeo and Jo Tay (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the 2nd Non-
Party and 3rd Non-Party.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

