Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 64

Suit No 535 of 2016 (Summonses Nos 637 of 2017, 1472 of 2017 and 644 of 2017)  

Between

| PT Gunung Madu Plantations  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Muhammad Jimmy Goh Mashun  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil Procedure] — [Mareva injunctions]

[Civil Procedure] — [jurisdiction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
PT Gunung Madu Plantations

  

v

  

Muhammad Jimmy Goh Mashun

  

[2018] SGHC 64

High Court — Suit No 535 of 2016 (Summonses Nos 637 of 2017, 1472 of 2017 and
644 of 2017)  
Woo Bih Li J  
18 May; 23 October 2017; 1, 9 February 2018

20 March 2018

Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 The applications in this case raise the important question of whether a
court has the jurisdiction to grant a Mareva Injunction (“MI”) against a
foreign defendant where a plaintiff’s underlying cause of action has no
connection with Singapore and the MI is really in aid of foreign court
proceedings.

2 For the purpose of this Grounds of Decision and unless the context suggests
otherwise:

(a) a reference to “court” is to the High Court of Singapore; and

(b) a reference to a “foreign defendant” is to a person who is not ordinarily
resident in Singapore. Conversely, a “local defendant” is one who is
ordinarily resident in Singapore.

3 I decided that a court has no jurisdiction to grant the MI sought in this
case because, in the first place, the court does not have in personam
jurisdiction over the foreign defendant. Without such a jurisdiction, a court
will not have jurisdiction to grant an MI against a foreign defendant in aid
of foreign court proceedings. I set out my reasons below.

Background

4 PT Gunung Madu Plantations (“the Plaintiff”) is a Jakarta domiciled company.
It owns and operates a sugar cane plantation in Lampung, Indonesia, and
engages in other business activities relating to sugar. Muhammad Jimmy Goh
Mashun (“the Defendant”) is a citizen of the Republic of Indonesia and resides
in Jakarta, Indonesia since 1977. He was employed by the Plaintiff on 1 June
1977. He became its General Manager in or around 1997 until the end of his
employment on 15 February 2016. He was also its director from about June 2013
until 30 March 2016.

5 On 24 May 2016, the Plaintiff filed a Writ of Summons with a Statement of
Claim in Singapore against the Defendant (“the Writ”). The Statement of Claim
alleged that the Defendant had breached duties owed to the Plaintiff as its
director and its employee in respect of various payments which the Defendant
had wrongfully authorised the Plaintiff to make to others. The payments
totalled almost 800 billion Indonesian Rupiah (“IDR”) (about S$82.4 million
based on an exchange rate of S$1=9,706.05 IDR mentioned in the statement of
claim).

6 After the Singapore action was filed, the Plaintiff commenced action in
Malaysia on 27 May 2016 against the Defendant and other individuals, and in
Indonesia on 9 August 2016 against the Defendant. I was informed that the
factual allegations against the Defendant in the Malaysia action overlapped
with those in the Singapore action although some allegations in the Singapore
action were not made in the Malaysia action. The factual allegations against
the Defendant in the Singapore and Indonesia actions were the same.

7 In the meantime, the Plaintiff applied for leave to serve a sealed copy of
the Writ on the Defendant in Indonesia. The court granted such leave on 30
June 2016 and the Defendant was granted 21 days to enter an appearance in the
action after being served with the Writ.

8 Subsequently, another order was made on 15 August 2016 on the Plaintiff’s
application to allow a named Indonesian lawyer (of the Plaintiff) to serve the
following documents on the Defendant in Indonesia:

(a) sealed copy of the Writ on the Defendant;

(b) the Order of Court of 30 June 2016 granting leave to effect service out of
jurisdiction; and

(c) copies of the Bahasa Indonesia translation of these two documents.

9 On 8 November 2016, the Indonesian lawyer purported to serve these documents
on the Defendant at her office in Indonesia. Although the Defendant had 21
days to enter an appearance in the court, he did not do so. He later alleged
that he was not aware that formal service of the papers had been effected on
him on 8 November 2016 as he had attended at the Indonesian lawyer’s office in
question that day for a Without Prejudice meeting and he had been handed these
documents in the course of such a meeting. He thought the documents were for
his information only. Indeed, he raised this as a ground to allege that there
was in fact no valid service on him. I need not elaborate on the merits of
this challenge for reasons which will become obvious later.

10 As the Plaintiff took the position that the Defendant had been validly
served, the Plaintiff took steps to obtain a judgment in default from the
court against the Defendant for his failure to enter an appearance in the
court. On 6 December 2016, a judgment in default was issued by the court
against the Defendant.

11 In January 2017, the Plaintiff applied for a garnishee order to show cause
in respect of three bank accounts which the Defendant had with three banks in
Singapore. Eventually three orders to show cause were made by the court in
January 2017 in respect of each of those bank accounts (“the Garnishee Orders
Nisi”).

12 Notice of these Garnishee Orders Nisi was sent to the Defendant’s
residential address in Jakarta although he said he was staying outside Jakarta
at that time. In any event, he came to learn of these Garnishee Orders Nisi.
He then filed various applications in Singapore. The main application was
Summons No 637 of 2017 (Amendment No 1) (“Amended Summons 637/2017”). It was
initially filed on 10 February 2017. The court allowed the Defendant to amend
the application on 7 March 2017 to include various reliefs. The main reliefs
sought in Amended Summons 637/2017 were:

(a) an order to set aside the Writ and/or service thereof;

(b) orders to discharge an order dated 30 June 2016 granting the Plaintiff
leave to serve the Writ out of jurisdiction on the Defendant and an order
dated 15 August 2016 granting leave to a named Indonesian lawyer to effect
personal service of the Writ on the Defendant;

(c) an order to set aside the judgment in default of an appearance;

(d) an order to discharge the Garnishee Orders Nisi; and

(e) a declaration that the court has no jurisdiction over the Defendant.

13 In response, the Plaintiff filed an application by way of Summons No 1472
of 2017 (“Summons 1472/2017”) for an MI against the Defendant on 28 March 2017
in respect of the Defendant’s assets in Singapore.

The issues

14 In summary, the main issues were:

(a) whether the court has in personam jurisdiction over the Defendant;

(b) whether the court has jurisdiction or power to grant an MI against the
Defendant in aid of foreign court proceedings.

Whether the court has in personam jurisdiction over the Defendant

15 Sections 16(1) and (2) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA 2007”) states:

16.—(1) The High Court shall have jurisdiction to hear and try any action in
personam where —

(a) the defendant is served with a writ of summons or any other originating
process

(i) in Singapore in the manner prescribed by Rules of Court or Family Justice
Rules; or

(ii) outside Singapore in the circumstances authorised by and in the manner
prescribed by Rules of Court or Family Justice Rules; or

(b) the defendant submits to the jurisdiction of the High Court.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1), the High Court
shall have such jurisdiction as is vested in it by any other written law.

16 In the present case, the Defendant did not submit to the jurisdiction of
the court. Hence, s 16(1)(b) SCJA 2007 was not applicable. Under s 16(1) SCJA
2007, the court’s jurisdiction is founded on service of a writ of summons on a
defendant. In the present case, since the Defendant was outside Singapore, s
16(1)(a)(ii) applied so that service was to be made in the circumstances
authorised by the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC 2014”). As
for s 16(2) SCJA 2007, I will come back to this provision later.

17 The relevant provision in ROC 2014 for service of originating processes out
of Singapore is O 11 r 1. The Plaintiff had relied on O 11 r 1(a) which
permits service out of Singapore if in the action:

“(a) relief is sought against a person who is domiciled, ordinarily resident,
carrying on business or has property in Singapore;”

18 When the Plaintiff applied for leave to serve the Writ on the Defendant in
Indonesia, the supporting affidavit relied on the last limb of O 11 r 1(a),
ie, that the Defendant has property in Singapore.

19 Interestingly, this last limb of O 11 r 1(a) appears to be derived from
previous primary legislation. In the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 15,
1970 Rev Ed) (“SCJA 1970”), s 16(1) stated:

16.—(1) The High Court shall have jurisdiction to try civil proceedings where
—

(a) the cause of action arose in Singapore;

(b) the defendant or one of several defendants resides or has his place of
business or has property in Singapore;

(c) the facts on which the proceedings are based exist or are alleged to have
occurred in Singapore; or

(d) any land the ownership of which is disputed is situated within Singapore:

Provided that the High Court shall have no jurisdiction to try any civil
proceeding which comes within the jurisdiction of the Shariah Court
constituted under the Administration of Muslim Law Act.

20 Section 16(2) of the SCJA 1970 provided for jurisdiction with the written
consent of the parties and s 16(3) referred to jurisdiction under any written
law in force in Singapore.

21 As can be seen, service was not the basis for acquiring in personam
jurisdiction over defendants under the SCJA 1970 (although service was the
basis prior to the SCJA 1970). The mere existence of property of a defendant
in Singapore was in itself sufficient under the SCJA 1970 to give the court
jurisdiction over that defendant.

22 At that time, O 11 r 1(c) of the then Rules of the Supreme Court 1970 (“RSC
1970”) permitted the court to grant leave to serve notice of a writ out of
jurisdiction if the action sought relief “against a person domiciled or
ordinarily resident or carrying on business within the jurisdiction”. In 1973,
ie, with effect from 27 January 1973, an amendment was made to include the
words “or has property” in O 11 r 1(1)(c) so that the court could grant leave
to serve notice of a writ out of jurisdiction where relief was sought against
a person who has property within the jurisdiction even if he was neither
domiciled or ordinarily resident in Singapore or carrying on business in
Singapore. Thus, as at 27 January 1973, O 11 r 1(1)(c) of the RSC 1970 reads:

1.— (1) Where the writ does not contain any claim for damage, loss of life or
personal injury arising out of —

(i) a collision between ships; or

(ii) the carrying out of or omission to carry out a manoeuvre in the case of
one or more of two or more ships; or

(iii) non-compliance on the part of one or more of two or more ships, with the
collision regulations made in section 260 of the Merchant Shipping Ordinance,

service of a notice of a writ out of the jurisdiction is permissible with the
leave of the Court in the following cases, that is to say —

…

(c) if in the action begun by the writ relief is sought against a person
domiciled or ordinarily resident or carrying out business or has property
within the jurisdiction;

23 In 1991, O 11 r 1 of the RSC 1970 was amended so that the various grounds
on which leave to serve out of jurisdiction were deleted, see: The Rules of
the Supreme Court (Amendment No. 3) Rules 1991 (S 532/91). The process was
simplified so that there was only one provision permitting service of a writ
out of jurisdiction with leave of the court. Thus, the amended O 11 r 1 read:

1\. Service of a writ out of jurisdiction is permissible only with the leave
of the Court.

24 In 1993, the SCJA 1970 was amended with effect from 1 July 1993: Supreme
Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act 1993 (Act 16 of 1993). Section 16 of the
SCJA 1970 was repealed. It was replaced by a new s 16. Under the new s 16(1),
service was re-introduced as the basis for the acquisition of in personam
jurisdiction by the court.

25 At the same time, O 11 of the Rules of the Supreme Court were amended: The
Rules of the Supreme Court (Amendment No. 2) Rules 1993 (S 278/93). With
effect from 1 July 1993, the simple provision in O 11 r 1 of the RSC 1970 was
deleted. Instead specific grounds for which the court could grant leave to
serve a writ out of jurisdiction were re-introduced. The ground about a
defendant’s domicile, residence, business or property in Singapore, which was
previously specified under O 11 r 1(1)(c) of the RSC 1970, was then inserted
under O 11 r 1(a).

26 Thereafter, the following amendments to s 16 of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act were made in 2014 (see: Family Justice Act 2014 (Act 27 of
2014)) but they are not material for present purposes:

(a) An amendment was made to s 16(1) to include reference to the Family
Justice Rules;

(b) Section 16(2), which excluded proceedings under the jurisdiction of the
Syariah Court, was deleted and the previous s 16(3) in 1993 referring to
jurisdiction under any other written law became s 16(2).

27 Therefore, the amendments in 1993 which introduced service as the
touchstone for founding jurisdiction remain in almost identical form today.

28 Under the present regime, the existence of a defendant’s property in
Singapore is no longer a ground for founding jurisdiction under primary
legislation (the SCJA) but it remains a ground for permitting leave to serve a
writ out of jurisdiction under secondary legislation (the ROC). However, an
application for leave to serve a writ out of Singapore under the ROC 2014 must
satisfy other requirements which I will come to.

29 The Plaintiff appeared to have satisfied O 11 r 1(a) of the ROC 2014 in
that it did commence action in Singapore and the Defendant did have property
in Singapore. However, there were also other requirements which the Plaintiff
had to meet. In Siemens AG v Holdrich Investment Ltd [2010] 3 SLR 1007
(“Siemens”), the Court of Appeal at [2] mentioned three major considerations
or requirements which a plaintiff must meet to obtain leave to serve a writ
out of Singapore. These three main requirements had been summarised by Prof
Jeffrey Pinsler in Singapore Court Practice 2009 (LexisNexis, 2009) at para
11/2/5 and are reiterated in the more recent Singapore Court Practice 2017
(LexisNexis, 2017). They are:

(a) the claim must come within the scope of one or more of the paragraphs of O
11 r 1;

(b) the claim must have a sufficient degree of merit; and

(c) Singapore must be the forum conveniens.

These three main requirements were reiterated by the Court of Appeal in Zoom
Communications Ltd v Broadcast Solutions Pte Ltd [2014] 4 SLR 500 (“Zoom
Communications”) at [26].

30 The legal basis for the third requirement of forum conveniens (“the forum
conveniens requirement”) appears to be O 11 r 2(2) of the ROC 2014 which
provides that no leave to serve out of jurisdiction will be granted unless it
is “made sufficiently to appear to the Court that the case is a proper one for
service out of Singapore” [emphasis added].

31 Unfortunately for the Plaintiff, this was where it faltered. Singapore had
nothing to do with the alleged causes of action because the alleged misconduct
occurred in Indonesia. The Plaintiff is an Indonesian company and the
Defendant is an Indonesian citizen who is resident in Indonesia. Indeed, the
Plaintiff did not attempt to argue that Singapore was the forum conveniens
when compared with Indonesia. Neither did it argue that it would be deprived
of substantial justice if it was not allowed to continue with the action in
Singapore.

32 I pause here to mention that in Front Carriers Ltd v Atlantic & Orient
Shipping Corp [2006] 3 SLR(R) 854 (“Front Carriers”), the High Court observed
at [37], that under O 11 r 1(a) of the ROC 2014, “the presence of the
defendant’s assets in Singapore is in itself sufficient as a ground for
service”. This observation was mentioned by the Court of Appeal in Swift-
Fortune Ltd v Magnifica Marine SA [2007] 1 SLR(R) 629 (“Swift-Fortune”) at
[92] and at [96(d)] without demur although the Court of Appeal also mentioned
that it was not approving or disapproving of the decision in Front Carriers in
respect of the court’s jurisdiction to grant an MI in aid of foreign
arbitrations under s 4(10) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) (“CLA”).

33 It is not clear whether the observation in Front Carriers means that the
requirement in O 11 r 1(a) of the ROC 2014 is the only requirement to be met
in order to obtain an order for service out of jurisdiction under that
provision or that it is the first of various requirements to be met. In any
event, as already discussed, the satisfaction of any one of the grounds stated
in O 11 r 1 of the ROC 2014 is just one of the three main requirements for
leave to be granted for service out of jurisdiction. The third requirement is
that Singapore must be the forum conveniens (see Siemens and Zoom
Communications). I would also mention that in Front Carriers, the defendant
did not challenge the court’s in personam jurisdiction over it: at [40].
Instead, one of the main challenges in that case was that the court did not
have power to grant an MI in aid of foreign arbitration.

34 I add that in the matter before me, the Plaintiff did not seek to argue
that it could meet all the requirements for service out of jurisdiction once
the requirement of forum conveniens was raised in argument by the Defendant.

35 For completeness, I would mention that the Plaintiff did not rely on O 11 r
1(b) of the ROC 2014 as a ground for leave to serve the Writ out of
jurisdiction. Under that provision, leave may be granted to serve an
originating process out of jurisdiction if in the action “an injunction is
sought ordering a defendant to do or refrain from doing anything in
Singapore”. In Siskina v Distos Compania Naviera SA [1979] AC 210, the House
of Lords decided that a similar provision under the English Rules of the
Supreme Court (c 54), ie, O 11 r 1(1)(i), applied only if the injunction
sought was part of the substantive relief of the plaintiff’s cause of action
against the defendant. This is because an interlocutory injunction is not a
cause of action. It cannot stand on its own. It is dependent on a pre-existing
cause of action. That proposition in The Siskina was adopted by the Court of
Appeal in Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd [2006] 1 SLR(R)
112 (“Karaha Bodas”) at: [42]-[43].

36 In the present case, the Writ did not include a claim for an MI. Even if it
did, this would not have made any difference since in substance an MI is not
an independent cause of action and not part of the substantive relief in the
Plaintiff’s causes of action.

37 In the light of Karaha Bodas, it was not surprising that the Plaintiff did
not seek to rely on O 11 r 1(b) of the ROC 2014. In any event, that provision
would not have made any difference as the Plaintiff would still not have been
able to meet the common requirement (for all the grounds under O 11 r 1) that
Singapore must be the forum conveniens.

38 In the circumstances, it became obvious that the orders for service of the
Writ out of jurisdiction were wrongly made and should be discharged whereupon
all the steps taken pursuant to the orders would also have to be discharged or
set aside. Hence the judgment in default and the Garnishee Orders Nisi would
be set aside. This would mean that it was academic whether the Indonesian
lawyer had in fact served the various documents on the Defendant.

39 For completeness, I mention that the Defendant also submitted that there
were two instances of material non-disclosure by the Plaintiff in the
supporting affidavits for the Plaintiff for orders for service out of
jurisdiction:

(a) In the affidavit filed on 27 June 2016 in support of the application for
an order to serve a sealed copy of the Writ on the Defendant in Indonesia,
there was no disclosure that the Plaintiff had commenced the Malaysia action
about one month earlier on 27 May 2016;

(b) In the affidavit filed on 2 August 2016 in support of the application for
the Indonesian lawyer to serve various documents on the Defendant in
Indonesia, there was no disclosure of the Plaintiff’s intention to commence
the Indonesia action soon thereafter. That action was filed on 9 August 2016.

40 Therefore, the Defendant submitted that the order made on 30 June 2016
(granting leave to serve a sealed copy of the Writ out of jurisdiction) and
the order made on 15 August 2016 (which allowed the Indonesian lawyer to serve
various documents on the Defendant in Indonesia) should be set aside for
material non-disclosure. However, since the orders were wrongly made because
the Plaintiff could not meet the requirement of forum conveniens, the
submissions about material non-disclosure also became academic.

41 As the Plaintiff realised that it could not meet the requirements for
service out of jurisdiction since it could not meet the forum conveniens
requirement, it abandoned its reliance on s 16(1) SCJA 2007. Instead it relied
on a different provision, ie, s 16(2) of the SCJA 2007 which I have set out
above. Its argument was that s 4(10) of the CLA read with s 16(2) of the SCJA
2007 gave the court jurisdiction and power to grant an MI against a foreign
defendant in aid of foreign court proceedings. This is because s 4(10) of the
CLA constitutes “such other written law” for the purpose of s 16(2) of the
SCJA 2007. Section 4(10) of the CLA states:

(10) A Mandatory Order or an injunction may be granted or a receiver appointed
by an interlocutory order of the court, either unconditionally or upon such
terms and conditions as the court thinks just, in all cases in which it
appears to the court to be just or convenient that such order should be made.

42 However, the Plaintiff acknowledged that it had an uphill task under this
new ground as there is case law holding that s 4(10) of the CLA confers a
power to the court to grant an interlocutory injunction and not jurisdiction
over a defendant, see: Multi-Code Electronics Industries (M) Bhd and another v
Toh Chun Toh Gordon and others [2009] 1 SLR(R) 1000 (“Multi-Code”) at [85],
Front Carriers at [31]-[34], and Swift-Fortune at [64]-[65]. Nevertheless, the
Plaintiff sought to persuade this court to adopt this new ground with the
following arguments.

43 First, the Plaintiff submitted that in Karaha Bodas and in Swift-Fortune
the Court of Appeal had left open the question whether a court has
jurisdiction or power to grant an MI in aid of foreign court proceedings.

44 Secondly, the Plaintiff submitted that in Multi-Code, the High Court had
ruled that where a stay of Singapore proceedings was granted, the court has a
residual jurisdiction and power to grant an MI in aid of foreign court
proceedings.

45 I was of the view that the Plaintiff had mis-read the judgment of the High
Court in Multi-Code. First, the relevant defendants in that case were either
Singapore citizens resident in Singapore or a company incorporated in
Singapore Second, they were also duly served with a writ issued by the
Singapore court: Multi-Code at [57] and [98]. The in personam jurisdiction of
the court there over these defendants was not in doubt. The question of s
4(10) CLA arose in the context of a stay of the Singapore proceedings and not
a challenge to the court’s jurisdiction over the defendants as such.
Specifically, the question was whether the court could grant an MI in aid of
foreign court proceedings under s 4(10) CLA if the Singapore proceedings were
stayed. The court held that it could but this was because in personam
jurisdiction was not in issue. Indeed, the High Court specified at [85] that
certain jurisdictional pre-requisites had to be met, namely, (a) the court
must have clear in personam jurisdiction over the defendants and (b) the
“stayed” action had not been struck out either because there was a reasonable
accrued cause of action under Singapore law or because the other reasons under
O 18 r 19 of the ROC did not apply.

46 Therefore, Multi-Code did not support the Plaintiff’s new ground. On the
contrary, it reinforced the point that the court must first have in personam
jurisdiction against the Defendant before considering s 4(10) CLA. Indeed, the
High Court at [99] stated that it had the pre-existing “jurisdiction to grant
the Mareva injunction against these defendants who were subject to the in
personam jurisdiction of the court.”

47 The Plaintiff also relied on [99] of Multi-Code to submit that so long as
it had an accrued cause of action in Singapore, the court had a “limited
jurisdiction and power” to grant an MI under s 4(10) CLA 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s Supplemental Written Submissions, paras 28–31.

. In my view, the Plaintiff had also misconstrued [99] of Multi-Code, which
states:

If indeed there was no valid or reasonable accrued cause of action in
Singapore or if the Singapore court had no jurisdiction whatsoever to hear and
try the action, it would be open to the defendants to apply to strike out the
claim in the Singapore action or to set aside the writ. If the defendants were
successful, then obviously the Mareva injunction would have to be discharged,
there being no remaining suit against them in Singapore. As it stood before
me, there was a prima facie cause of action in Singapore to support the issue
of the writ. …

48 The court there was merely explaining that if there was no valid or accrued
cause of action or if there was no jurisdiction, the defendant could apply to
strike out the action. If the action was struck out, then the MI already
granted in that case would be discharged. In other words, an action could be
struck out on either ground. The Plaintiff misconstrued that passage to mean
that the action could be maintained on either ground, ie, if there is
jurisdiction or if there is a valid or accrued cause of action.

49 It seemed to me that the Plaintiff had conflated two questions similar to
those mentioned by Lord Mustill in Mercedes-Benz AG v Leiduck [1996] 1 AC 284
(“Mercedes-Benz”) at 297-298. The first question was whether the court has in
personam jurisdiction over the Defendant. The second question is concerned
with a different kind of jurisdiction, or more accurately, a power (as Lord
Mustill put it) namely, whether the Court has a power to grant an MI to
restrain the Defendant from disposing of his assets in Singapore pending the
conclusion of foreign court proceedings. Therefore, it is only if the court
has in personam jurisdiction over the Defendant (ie, if the first question is
answered positively), that the second question arises. It is in the context of
the second question that s 4(10) CLA becomes relevant and it was the second
question that the Court of Appeal in Swift-Fortune has so far left open.

50 The Plaintiff was attempting to telescope s 4(10) of the CLA into s 16(2)
of the SCJA 2007. But s 4(10) CLA does not found in personam jurisdiction over
any defendant. It only confers a power on the court once in personam
jurisdiction is founded against the defendant. Those two concepts must be kept
distinct. As Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) observed in Muhd Munir v Noor
Hidah [1990] 2 SLR(R) 348 at [19]:

The jurisdiction of a court is its authority, however derived, to hear and
determine a dispute that is brought before it. The powers of the court
constitute its capacity to give effect to its determination by making or
granting the orders or relief sought by the successful party to the dispute.

51 There was a suggestion by the Plaintiff that assuming that it cannot effect
service of the Writ on the Defendant in the present circumstances, there was a
possibility that it might do so in the future if, for example, the Defendant
were to come to Singapore. I would add that another possibility was that the
primary and/or secondary legislation in Singapore may be amended in future so
that either service is no longer a means to acquiring jurisdiction or forum
conveniens is no longer a requirement for service out of jurisdiction. In any
case, I was of the view that the court has to make its decision based on the
present state of the law and present circumstances and not on such
possibilities in the future.

Whether the court has jurisdiction or power to grant an MI against the
Defendant in aid of foreign court proceedings

52 In Multi-Code, the High Court at [89] expressed the view that s 4(10) CLA
confers a general power on the court to grant Mareva relief in aid of foreign
court proceedings if the court has in personam jurisdiction over the
defendant.

53 In the present case, the court does not have in personam jurisdiction over
the Defendant. Therefore the issue as to whether the court has power to grant
an MI against the Defendant in aid of foreign court proceedings became
academic.

54 On that issue, much has been said about the decision of the majority and
the minority in Mercedes-Benz. I accept the concerns expressed by Lord
Nicholls of Birkenhead in that case but that is a matter that has to be left
to a higher court or to the legislature.

55 In Australia, the courts are prepared to grant relief by way of a freezing
order against a defendant who is outside of their territorial jurisdiction in
aid of foreign proceedings on the basis of the courts’ inherent jurisdiction,
see: James J Spigelman AC, “Freezing Orders in International Commercial
Litigation” (2010) 22 SAcLJ 490 at 497-501. There, the freezing order is not
regarded as a species of injunction.

56 In the United Kingdom, primary and secondary legislation have been passed
to address the situation, see: Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments Act 1982 (c
27) (UK), s 25, Civil Jurisdiction and Judgment Act 1982 (Interim Relief)
Order 1997 (SI 1977/302) (UK).

57 In Singapore, the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed)
(“IAA”) was amended to include a new s 12A with effect from 1 January 2010,
see: International Arbitration (Amendment) Act 2009 (Act 26 of 2009). Section
12A(2) gives the court power to grant various reliefs including an interim
injunction in aid of a foreign arbitration. While the terms of s 12A(2) do not
expressly state that the power applies even if the defendant is a foreign
defendant, that is the apparent assumption in view of the background leading
to the amendment.

58 However, it is unclear how s 12A(3) will apply. Under s 12A(3), the court
may refuse to make an order under s 12A(2) if, in the opinion of the court,
the fact that the place of arbitration is outside Singapore makes it
“inappropriate” to make such an order. In any event, s 12A only applies to
foreign arbitrations, ie, where the seat of the arbitration is not Singapore.
It does not apply to foreign court proceedings.

59 In the circumstances, I granted the Defendant the main reliefs he sought in
Amended Summons 637/2017 and I dismissed the Plaintiff’s application for an MI
in Summons 1472/2017 with consequential orders.

Observations

60 Applications for an MI are often made on an urgent ex parte basis and
before service of the originating process on a defendant. The result is that a
judge hearing such an application may focus primarily on:

(a) whether there is a good arguable cause of action against the defendant;

(b) the existence of assets of the defendant in Singapore; and

(c) whether there is a genuine or real risk that the defendant will remove his
assets out of the jurisdiction in order to frustrate a judgment obtained
against him.

61 Even where an application for service of process out of jurisdiction is
included with an application for an MI, the requirement of forum conveniens
may be overlooked as it is not expressly stated in the ROC 2014. While O 11 r
2(2) does state that no leave is to be granted unless the case is a proper one
for service out of jurisdiction, its terms do not expressly state that
Singapore must be the forum conveniens. The requirement of forum conveniens
was pronounced by the courts, as mentioned above.

62 The risk of a judge overlooking the requirement of forum conveniens for an
application for leave to serve out of jurisdiction is greater when the
application for an MI is not combined with an application for service out of
jurisdiction as the latter may be heard separately by a Registrar.

63 This case therefore highlights the importance of a judge hearing an
application for an MI against a foreign defendant to bear in mind the forum
conveniens requirement for an application for leave to serve an originating
process out of jurisdiction on a foreign defendant, whether or not the
application for such an MI is combined with an application for leave to serve
out of jurisdiction. If the Plaintiff is unlikely to satisfy the requirement
of forum conveniens and leave to serve out of jurisdiction is unlikely to be
granted, then an MI should not be granted even on an ex parte basis.

64 However, if an order has been made ex parte for leave to serve out of
jurisdiction, it remains open to a foreign defendant to subsequently challenge
that order and even the writ itself on the ground that Singapore is not in
fact the forum conveniens and there is no in personam jurisdiction over the
foreign defendant.

65 This brings me to one other point of interest. Since service is necessary
in order to found in personam jurisdiction under s 16(1) SCJA 2007, one has to
bear in mind that even for local defendants, it is quite often the case that
an application for an MI is made on an urgent ex parte basis before the
originating process is served on the defendant. If the MI is granted, it will
have been granted before service of the writ. Technically, an argument might
be raised that the court’s jurisdiction over the defendant has not been
founded yet. This raised an interesting point for discussion between the
parties and the court, ie, whether the court then has jurisdiction to grant an
MI even against a local defendant before the writ is served on him. On the
facts before me, it was not necessary for me to reach a definite conclusion on
the point, especially in the absence of further arguments.

66 However, I would be inclined to the view that the court does have such a
jurisdiction. One possible explanation is that the MI is granted on the
assumption that it is likely that the plaintiff will eventually effect service
of the writ on the defendant whether the service is personal or by way of
substituted service. Indeed, O 29 r 1(3) of the ROC 2014 and para 42A of the
Supreme Court Practice Directions anticipates that an injunction may be
granted before service and even before issuance of an originating process in
cases of urgency. Our courts have also in fact been granting MIs on an urgent
ex parte basis from time to time before service of the writ. To hold that the
court does not have jurisdiction to do so would mean that an MI can only be
granted after service is effected. This, in turn, will practically nullify the
effectiveness of an MI in many cases. Likewise in the context of a foreign
defendant, the court has jurisdiction to grant an MI on the assumption that it
is likely that the plaintiff will eventually obtain leave to serve out of
jurisdiction and is likely to eventually effect service. However, this
assumption must be weighed against the known facts. If the facts do not
support that assumption, then the court must decline to grant the MI.

67 I would also add that when courts express the view that there is
jurisdiction “as of right” against a local defendant, this does not mean that
the presence of the defendant in Singapore is in itself the means of founding
jurisdiction. The expression “as of right” only means that there is no legal
impediment to service since leave of court is not required to effect service
on a local defendant.

68 On a separate note, one may have to take extra care as to whether and when
to use the expression “territorial jurisdiction” when the court’s in personam
jurisdiction is discussed. That expression may give the impression that in
personam jurisdiction is founded solely on the presence of a defendant in
Singapore. As I have discussed above, in Singapore, such jurisdiction is
founded on service.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge

Jason Chan, Daniel Ling, Tan Kai Liang and Evangeline Oh (Allen & Gledhill
LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Andrea Tan and David Marc Lee (PK Wong and Associates) for the defendant.  
  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

