Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 65

HC/Suit No 341 of 2017

Between

Ong Lu Ling

… Plaintiff

And

Tan Ho Seng

… Defendant

judgment

[Restitution] — [Unjust enrichment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ong Lu Ling

  

v

  

Tan Ho Seng

[2018] SGHC 65

High Court — Suit No 341 of 2017  
Choo Han Teck J  
20–22 February, 19 March 2018

20 March 2018 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 Sometime in October 2012, ELR Property Pte Ltd (“ELR”) contracted to buy two
commercial properties known as 9A and 11 Kaki Bukit Road 3, respectively (“the
Properties”), from Jerry Investments Pte Ltd. ELR needed $600,000 to pay the
initial deposit but did not have the money.

2 The plaintiff, Ong Lu Ling, who runs a hotel in Geylang, said that one Ah
Kee asked her to lend the money to Tan Ho Seng (the defendant) and his
relatives. Tan Ho Seng’s brother and sister-in-law were the directors of ELR.
Ong Lu Ling was reluctant to lend money to Tan Ho Seng and his relatives
because she did not know him, but Ah Kee “pestered” her to lend the money. On
22 December she reluctantly lent the $600,000 to Tan Ho Seng and his
relatives, “just to get [Ah Kee] out of my office”. The loan was by way of a
cash cheque.

3 Ong Lu Ling initially sued Tan Ho Seng in this action not for the repayment
of a loan, but for “money had and received” which is probably remembered now
only as a cause of action without a cause. Realising the inadequacy of her
claim, Ong Lu Ling’s counsel, Mr Gong Chin Nam, applied on the first day of
trial to amend his cause of action to one of “unjust enrichment”. Mr Allister
Lim, counsel for Tan Ho Seng did not oppose the application. No further
particulars were pleaded.

4 It transpired at trial that there were two previous suits which appear to be
connected with the present suit; Suit 1052/2012 and Suit 552/2013. The two
suits were eventually consolidated. In Suit 552/2013 ELR sued Jerry
Investments Pte Ltd for specific performance in respect of the sale of the
Properties. In Suit 1052/2012, Jerry Investment Pte Ltd and Tan Lye Soon sued
Ah Kee and ELR on a claim based on an alleged breach of s 160 of the Companies
Act (Cap 50). On 2 March 2016, two years ago, Judicial Commissioner Aedit
Abdullah (as he then was) dismissed ELR’s prayer for specific performance but
directed Jerry Investments to return the deposit of $600,000 to ELR. The court
also dismissed Suit 1052/2012

5 It transpired in this trial before me that the present claim was for the
same $600,000 arising from the same dubious transactions in which neither the
truthful nor complete story was told to Abdullah JC.

6 Now that ELR has been refunded the $600,000 pursuant to the order of
Abdullah JC, Ong Lu Ling hopes to reclaim it from them in this action. But
what is the connection? Before we can consider that, we must bear in mind the
other peculiar relationships and transactions that came to light in this
trial.

7 It will be recalled that ELR belonged to Tan Ho Seng’s brother and sister-
in-law, and that ELR sought to buy the Properties from Jerry Investments Pte
Ltd. From whom did Jerry Investments Pte Ltd originally purchased the
Properties? It purchased them from MLC Barging Pte Ltd; and who were the
directors of MLC Barging Pte Ltd? It was none other than Tan Ho Seng and his
wife. The sales were for a total of $1.76m, or $880,000 for each of the
Properties. Mr Gong says that Ong Lu Ling is not aware of all these facts,
even though she was a director of Jerry Investments Pte Ltd, because she was
just a nominee of Ah Kee. There seems to be more evidence that may be
discovered from the previous suit but the lawyers in this suit seemed to be
oblivious to their significance. They were not the lawyers in the previous
action.

8 The narrative now turns to this “Ah Kee”. He was called as Ong Lu Ling’s
witness but clearly has more answers than the plaintiff herself, thus
satisfying me that the solitary truth from Ong Lu Ling, albeit through her
counsel Mr Gong, is that she was Ah Kee’s nominee. Ah Kee testified that he is
in the business of money lending, and has been made a bankrupt. He said that
he had helped Tan Ho Seng find a buyer for one of Tan Ho Seng’s residential
properties in 2010.

9 From Tan Ho Seng’s evidence-in-chief the court was told that Ah Kee also had
a money remittance business in which Tan Ho Seng and his wife invested in for
a return of 2% a month. It was also averred that Tan Ho Seng’s son, Tan Pei
Wei, now 33 years old, worked for Ah Kee. Ah Kee acknowledged that he owed
money to Tan Ho Seng, but says that the debt was assigned to Tan Pei Wei
around 2011.

10 Given the bizarre relationships, the plaintiff has at least the burden of
explaining how the defendant has enriched himself at her expense. Then she has
to explain why she sued without disclosing from the outset that she is the
nominee of Ah Kee. More importantly, she has not explained why there was no
resistance when Abdullah JC made his orders in the previous suit. No reason
was given as to why the plaintiff or Ah Kee had not told Abdullah JC that the
$600,000 belonged to the plaintiff, and how it came to be a loan in both of
those suits and this.

11 Unjust enrichment is an equitable relief, and equity is a fastidious and
exacting companion of law; she demands that all supplicants before her arrive
in court with clean hands. In this case, the plaintiff — and possibly everyone
else who testified before me — was covered with dirt from head to toe. Ong Lu
Ling’s prayer for a refund of the $600,000 will not be granted. The loss will
have to lie where it falls, even if at undeserving feet. For the reasons above
this action is dismissed and each party is to pay his own costs.

12 At the close of the case I directed counsel to file and exchange closing
submissions by 8 March 2018. Only Mr Gong filed submissions on behalf of the
plaintiff. I had further directed that reply submissions were to be filed by
15 March 2018 and that the case be adjourned to 19 March for decision or
directions. Mr Gong did not file any reply submissions because Mr Lim did not
file his closing submission. When counsel appeared before me on 19 March 2018
Mr Lim said that he was away and had thereafter taken ill and thus could not
file his submissions in time. He said that he had a draft ready to be filed.

13 I refused leave for counsel to file his closing submissions out of time.
Fortunately for him, his failure to meet the deadline imposed by the court did
not cause prejudice to his client or he might have to answer elsewhere for the
consequences caused by his omission. Lawyers must comply with all court
orders. There is no exception. If any order cannot be complied with, the
lawyer is duty-bound to apply at once for leave to extend or vary the orders.

14 In spite of my order refusing leave to file his submission, Mr Lim went
ahead in the afternoon to file his submissions. Shortly thereafter, Mr Lim
filed a summons-in-chambers on 19 March 2018 for an extension of time to file
the submissions that he had hitherto not filed as directed, and then filed
when not directed. I will not hear Mr Lim’s summons of 19 March 2018.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Gong Chin Nam and Andrew Hill (Hin Tat Augustine & Partners) for the
plaintiff;  
Allister Lim Wee Sing (Allister Lim & Thrumurgan) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

