Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGCA 77

Criminal Appeal No 64 of 2017

Between

| MOHD AZIZ BIN HUSSAIN  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

ORAL Judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008
Rev Ed)]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Mohd Aziz bin Hussain

  

v

  

Public Prosecutor

  

[2018] SGCA 77

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeal No 64 of 2017  
Judith Prakash JA, Tay Yong Kwang JA and Chao Hick Tin SJ  
9 November 2018

15 November 2018 Judgment reserved.

Judith Prakash JA (delivering the oral judgment of the court):

1 The appellant was convicted by the trial judge (“the Judge”) on one charge
of possession of not less than 49.98g of diamorphine for the purpose of
trafficking under ss 5(1)(a) read with 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”). We heard his appeal against his conviction and
sentence on Friday, 9 November 2018, and now render our decision.

2 The appellant advanced three principal arguments on appeal.

3 First, the appellant contended that the Judge placed undue weight on the
evidence of two of the Prosecution’s witnesses, Rashid bin Zali (“Mr Rashid”)
and Nordiana binte Mohd Yusof (“Ms Nordiana”), who gave evidence implicating
the appellant. The appellant submitted that Mr Rashid and Ms Nordiana gave
inconsistent evidence, and their accounts were contradicted by objective
evidence. However, in our judgment, the Judge did not err in placing weight on
the evidence of these two witnesses. Although there were minor inconsistencies
between their accounts, their evidence on the events of the morning of 18
March 2015 was broadly consistent and pointed to the appellant having
possessed the drugs at all material times. Both Mr Rashid and Ms Nordiana
testified that the appellant left their home that morning with the pink paper
bag that contained most of the drugs and that he knew that the drugs were
diamorphine.

4 Second, the appellant contended that the Judge placed undue weight on the
eight inculpatory statements given by the appellant. He submitted that there
were material inconsistencies between the statements and that accordingly,
they are all unreliable and so no weight should be accorded to them. We do not
accept this submission. Although there are differences between the statements,
there is a consistent thread running through them. The appellant admitted in
his contemporaneous, cautioned and long statements that he had been in
possession of the drugs, knew they were heroin, and had been in possession of
them for the purpose of trafficking. As the Judge found, the appellant could
not furnish a satisfactory explanation for why he made those admissions if
they were untrue. Nor was he able to provide a satisfactory explanation for
why he exculpated Mr Rashid and Ms Nordiana in his long statements if, as he
claimed at trial, they were the main persons trafficking the drugs and he was
unwittingly involved in their activities. The appellant contended that Mr
Rashid had coached him on the account contained in his long statements.
However, as the Judge noted, the appellant provided a lucid and comprehensive
account of the events in the long statements. The Judge found it difficult to
believe that Mr Rashid could have coached him to provide such an account.
There is no basis on which we can impugn this finding particularly as the
appellant never put the allegation of coaching and coercion to Mr Rashid while
the latter was testifying. Furthermore, the appellant’s account in his long
statements was corroborated by his express statement during his committal
hearing, more than a year after his arrest, that he was the one who had
brought the drugs, and Mr Rashid and Ms Nordiana were not involved in the
matter. This statement carries all the more weight since it was made after the
Magistrate had had the charge, including the punishment provision, read to
him.

5 Third, the appellant emphasised that none of the CNB officers involved in
the stakeout operation on the day of his arrest gave evidence that he had been
seen carrying the pink paper bag that contained most of the drugs. The
appellant pointed out that although the Judge noted that the view of one
witness, Station Inspector Jason Tay, was obscured by a parapet, there were
two other CNB officers who had observed the appellant and who did not
expressly say in their conditioned statements that they saw him carrying a
pink paper bag. In our judgment, however, the evidence of the other two CNB
officers is neutral. They did not state expressly that they saw the appellant
was not carrying the pink paper bag. Indeed, they did not even state what they
saw the appellant was carrying. Significantly, the appellant chose not to
cross-examine these CNB officers and accordingly, their evidence was not
clarified at trial. Therefore, in our judgment, the evidence of the two CNB
officers does not advance the appellant’s case.

6 For these reasons, we do not accept the arguments that the appellant made to
impugn the findings made by the Judge. Indeed, we agree with the reasoning and
findings of the Judge. In any event, taking the appellant’s case at its very
highest, on his own account, he saw the pink paper bag in the van when he
entered it after leaving the flat and knew then that the bag contained heroin.
On that basis, the elements of possession and knowledge were satisfied. In
those premises, the presumption of trafficking under s 17 of the MDA would
have been triggered, and we are satisfied that the appellant has not rebutted
that presumption.

7 For all of these reasons, we dismiss the appeal. We would like to record our
appreciation of the efforts made on the appellant’s behalf by his counsel, Mr
Aaron Lee, who did his best in the face of a very difficult case.

Judith Prakash Tay Yong Kwang Chao Hick Tin  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Senior Judge  

Aaron Lee Teck Chye and Marc Wenjie Malone  
(Allen & Gledhill LLP) and Loo Khee Sheng (KS Loo & Co)  
for the appellant;  
Tan Zhongshan and Kenny Yang (Attorney-General’s Chambers)  
for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

