Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 28

Originating Summons No 662 of 2017

In the matter of Section 27 of the Building and Construction

Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B)

And

In the matter of Order 95, Rule 3 of the RULES OF COURT

(Cap 322, Rule 5)

And

In the matter of an Adjudication Application No SOP/AA082 of 2017

between Glaziers Engineering Pte Ltd as the Claimant and

WCS Engineering Construction Pte Ltd as the Respondent and the

Adjudication Determination dated 15 May 2017 issued thereunder

Between

WCS ENGINEERING CONSTRUCTION PTE LTD  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

GLAZIERS ENGINEERING PTE LTD  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Building and construction law] – [Dispute resolution] – [Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed)] –
[Adjudication] – [Natural justice]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WCS Engineering Construction Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Glaziers Engineering Pte Ltd

  

[2018] SGHC 28

High Court — Originating Summons No 662 of 2017  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
18, 26 July 2017

13 February 2018

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J

Introduction

1 An adjudicator appointed under the Building & Construction Industry Security
of Payments Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) is obliged to comply with
the principles of natural justice in determining an adjudication application
under that Act. If he arrives at a holding on an issue of law in his
determination which is wrong, and he does so without hearing from the parties
on that issue, has he breached the rules of natural justice? Or has he simply
made an error of law? That is the issue raised by the application before me
now.

2 In the adjudication out of which this application arises, the adjudicator
issued a determination in favour of the defendant (the claimant in the
adjudication). In his determination, the adjudicator held that the plaintiff
(the respondent in the adjudication) had to satisfy the adjudicator beyond
reasonable doubt that the deductions it claimed to be entitled to make from
the defendant’s payment claim were valid deductions. The adjudicator arrived
at this holding without soliciting or receiving submissions from either party
on what standard of proof (using that term loosely (see [34] below)), the
plaintiff had to meet to satisfy the adjudicator on the validity of its
deductions. Indeed, this evidential issue was at no time a live issue in the
adjudication. The plaintiff now seeks to set aside the adjudication
determination on the principal basis that the adjudicator breached his
obligation under s 16(3)(c) of the Act to comply with the principles of
natural justice.

3 After hearing and considering the parties’ submissions, and given the
unusual features of this case, I have set aside the adjudication
determination. The defendant has appealed against my decision. I now give the
grounds for my decision.

The factual background

The parties’ roles and their relationship

4 The plaintiff was the main contractor in a project to construct a
residential development now known as “The Hillford”. The Hillford is a
substantial development, comprising 281 flats in six blocks of between five
and seven storeys. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, paragraphs 5 to 6, page
46.

Construction of The Hillford commenced in March 2014 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, paragraphs 5 to 6, page
46.

and concluded in or around October 2016. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 32 at paragraph 8.

The Hillford’s temporary occupation permit was then issued and the flats were
duly handed over to their subsidiary proprietors. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 198 at paragraph
2(a).

5 The Hillford’s unique feature is that it is especially designed to
accommodate the elderly. The Hillford therefore includes not only the usual
amenities found in a private condominium but also an elder-care centre and
elderly-related supporting facilities.

6 By a letter of award issued and accepted in January 2015, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 46.

the plaintiff appointed the defendant as its aluminium, stainless steel and
glazing subcontractor for The Hillford. The value of the subcontract was a
little over $900,000. The defendant’s scope of works under the subcontract
included fabricating, supplying and installing semi-frameless shower screens
in all 321 bathrooms in The Hillford. The defendant commenced work in February
2015 and completed work in October 2016.

7 In October 2016, the defendant issued its Progress Claim No. 8, being its
final progress claim under the subcontract. This progress claim would, in due
course, be the basis of the defendant’s adjudication application.

Shattering shower screens

8 Between October 2016 and January 2017, the sliding glass doors in at least
nine shower frames in eight different units in The Hillford shattered while in
use. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 198 at paragraph
2.

In many of these instances, personal injuries resulted. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, pages 259 to 260.

Some of these injuries were serious. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 195 at paragraph
2(e).

In December 2016 and January 2017, the plaintiff, the developer, the
developer’s architect and the defendant held meetings and had discussions to
find out what was causing the glass shower doors to shatter, and to formulate
and implement a solution. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, pages 214 to 225.

As part of this exercise, the developer asked its architect to gather facts
and documents in order to determine the root cause of the shattering glass
doors.

9 The plaintiff’s initial position was that the glass doors were shattering
because the defendant had used defective materials or was guilty of defective
workmanship. The defendant’s response was that the doors could be shattering
for three other reasons: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 224.

(i) the users of the doors may have used too much force to slide them open,
causing the leading vertical edge of the glass door to strike the wall; (ii)
the glass doors may be spontaneously shattering due to the presence of nickel
sulphide inclusions in the glass, which was an inherent characteristic of
tempered glass and not a defect; 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 199 at paragraphs
4 to 5.

or (iii) there could be design and space constraints in the shower area where
the frames had been installed resulting in glass doors striking the wall when
they were opened.

10 On 27 December 2016, the plaintiff, through its then solicitors, formally
put the defendant on notice that the plaintiff would look to the defendant for
damages for, and an indemnity against, all losses occasioned by what the
plaintiff characterised as the defendant’s negligent installation of the
shower screens. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 196 at paragraph
6.

The plaintiff’s solicitors’ letter was drafted broadly enough also to cover a
claim that the defendant had used defective materials. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 195 at paragraph
3.

11 On 11 January 2017, the defendant wrote to the plaintiff and to the
developer’s architect. This letter was not a direct response to the
plaintiff’s solicitors’ letter of 27 December 2016 (see [10] above). Instead,
this letter set out the defendant’s position arising from the parties’
meetings and discussions (see [8] above). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, pages 197 to 203.

Even though this letter was sent on the defendant’s own letterhead, its
structure and phrasing makes it clear that it was drafted for the defendant by
solicitors.

12 In its letter dated 11 January 2017, the defendant denied that there were
any defects in the materials or in the installation. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 199 at paragraph
10.

The defendant also noted that the only glass panels that were shattering were
the sliding panels in the doors. None of the identical, fixed panels in the
shower frames were shattering. The defendant therefore posited that the doors
were shattering because they were striking the walls when slid open. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 199, paragraphs 7
to 9.

The defendant pointed out that the plaintiff’s consultants had approved the
defendant’s shop drawings and mock-up of the shower frame before the defendant
commenced fabrication and installation. The defendant’s position was that, if
the doors were found to be shattering because they were coming into contact
with the wall when slid open, the defendant would contest any back charge
arising from the shattering doors and would consider any remedial work which
the plaintiff might require to be a variation of their subcontract, and
therefore to be carried out at the plaintiff’s cost. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 200 at paragraphs
12 and 14.

13 On 20 January 2017, the defendant’s solicitors responded to the plaintiff’s
solicitors’ letter dated 27 December 2016 (see [10] above). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 204.

The response took broadly the same position as the defendant’s letter to the
plaintiff dated 11 January 2017. In addition, the plaintiffs’ solicitors
pointed out that the temporary occupation permit for The Hillford had already
been issued, which meant that the developer’s architect had accepted the
defendant’s work as being in compliance with the subcontract. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 205 at paragraph
5.

The letter concluded by demanding that the plaintiff pay the defendant’s
Progress Claim No. 8 issued in October 2016 without further delay (see [7]
above). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 206 at paragraphs
10 to 12.

14 On 26 January 2017, the plaintiff’s solicitors responded to the defendant’s
solicitors. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 213.

In this response, the plaintiff denied that the defendant had completed the
works in compliance with the subcontract. The plaintiff further denied that
the defendant was entitled to payment on its Progress Claim No. 8.

15 On 13 February 2017, the developer’s architect informed the plaintiff that
there were two root causes for the shattering glass doors. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 173.

First, the design of the shower frames required a 30mm buffer between the
vertical edge of the glass door and the wall in order to avoid the edge
striking the wall when it was slid open. However, the architect found that
some frames had been installed with a buffer which was less than 30mm. Second,
the rollers in the aluminium tracks for the doors allowed the doors to slide
too freely. The doors therefore picked up too much speed and momentum when
slid open. Both of these factors increased the likelihood of a glass door
striking the wall at high speed and shattering, even when it was opened in
normal usage. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 261 at paragraph
15 to page 264 at paragraph 30.

16 To address these root causes, the developer’s architect required the
plaintiff to take three remedial steps for all 321 of the shower screens at
The Hillford. First, rubber studs were to be installed on the aluminium tracks
to slow down the doors. Second, clear plastic edge seals were to be applied to
protect the leading edge of the door. Third, the doors were to be laminated
with safety film so that, even if the door did strike the wall and shatter,
the laminate would hold the shards of glass in place to prevent injury. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 263 at paragraph
27 to page 264 at paragraph 30.

17 The defendant agreed to replace, at its own cost and without admission of
liability, all of the doors which had shattered. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 474 at paragraphs
1.1 to 1.3.

But the defendant refused to perform any of the further remedial steps which
the developer’s architect required unless the plaintiff accepted that the work
would be a variation to the parties’ subcontract.

18 As a result, in January and February 2017, the developer and the plaintiff
made their own arrangements to have all of the remedial work carried out. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 260 at paragraphs
14(k) to 14(l).

It appears that it was the plaintiff who ultimately bore the cost of this
work. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, pages 326 to 327.

In addition, the plaintiff reimbursed the medical expenses of residents who
had suffered personal injuries. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 272 at paragraph
51(b).

The defendant serves its payment claim

19 On 22 February 2017, the defendant served a payment claim on the plaintiff
within the meaning of the Act. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 117.

This payment claim covered all work done under the subcontract for which the
defendant had yet to be paid. As it was served long after the defendant had
completed its work and left the site, it was in substance the defendant’s
version of the parties’ final account under their subcontract.

20 In this payment claim, the defendant claimed that the plaintiff owed the
defendant the total sum of $204,279.96 (including goods and services tax) for
all work remaining unpaid. Part of that sum was $109,910.40 (including goods
and services tax) which the defendant claimed for supplying and installing 321
glass shower screens. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 112 at Item F.

21 On 7 March 2017, the plaintiff served a payment response. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 147.

In it, the plaintiff sought to back charge $78,659.96 to the defendant for
“COSTING INCURED [sic] FOR THE SHATTERING OF SHOWER SCREEN”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 150.

The back charge included the medical claims reimbursed by the plaintiff, the
attendance costs incurred by both the plaintiff and the developer in dealing
with the issue and the costs of the remedial work. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, pages 150 to 151.

The plaintiff also made certain other deductions and adjustments in the
payment response. The net result of all this was that the plaintiff’s version
of the final account showed that it was the defendant who owed the plaintiff
just under $3,000.

The adjudication

The adjudication claim and response

22 On 29 March 2017, the defendant applied under s 13 of the Act to have its
claim adjudicated. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 252.

In its adjudication application, the defendant conceded that certain
deductions and adjustments in the plaintiff’s payment response had been
validly made. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 36 at paragraph
24.

As a result, the defendant voluntarily reduced its claim in the adjudication
from $204,279.96 to $95,840.91. But the defendant continued to reject the
plaintiff’s back charge of $78,659.96 arising from the shattering glass doors.

23 There is no dispute that the defendant validly invoked the adjudication
procedure. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 257 at paragraph
7; page 452 at paragraph 7.

24 In its submissions filed together with and in support of its adjudication
application, the defendant gave four reasons for rejecting the back charge. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 258 at paragraph
13.

First, the defendant had installed the shower screens in accordance with the
drawings approved by the plaintiff’s consultants. The defendant was therefore
not liable if the doors nevertheless shattered. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 39 at paragraph
32.1.

Second, even if the defendant was liable to the plaintiff in the sum of
$78,659.96, that was a liability for general damages for breach of contract.
That type of liability could not in law be asserted against a payment claim in
an adjudication under the Act. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 39 at paragraph
32.2.

Third, the plaintiff’s computation of the back charge in its payment response
did not sufficiently explain how the various component sums had been
calculated and why they were being withheld. That was contrary to the
plaintiff’s obligation under Regulation 6(1)(d) of the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Regulations (Cap 30B, Rg 1, 2006 Rev
Ed) (“the Regulations”). 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 39 at paragraph
32.3.

Finally, the back charge included sums for work which were both outside the
defendant’s scope of work and which were excessive.

25 On 30 March 2017, the Singapore Mediation Centre referred the adjudication
to the adjudicator. On 3 April 2017, he formally accepted the reference. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 454 at paragraphs
15 to 16.

26 The plaintiff lodged its adjudication response on 6 April 2017. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 252.

In it, the plaintiff accepted parts of the defendant’s claim. As a result, the
plaintiff’s response showed that the plaintiff owed the defendant just over
$11,000. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 276.

But the plaintiff maintained that it was entitled to deduct $78,659.96 from
the defendant’s claim. The plaintiff made four key points. First, the
defendant failed to install the shower frames in accordance with the approved
drawings. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 263 at paragraph
25.

The approved drawings required a 30mm gap between the vertical edge of the
open door and the wall. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 262 at paragraph
22.

The defendant had installed the shower frames with less than a 30mm gap. That
gap was insufficient to prevent the vertical edge of the door from striking
the wall when the door was opened. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 263 at paragraph
24.

Second, the plaintiff denied that it had failed to comply with Regulation
6(1)(d) of the Regulations. It had given sufficient particulars of the back
charge in its payment response. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 264 at paragraph
31 to page 267 at paragraph 42.

Third, the plaintiff was entitled to rely on the back charge in the
adjudication because the adjudicator had an obligation under s 17(3)(b) of the
Act to have regard to the plaintiff’s express contractual right under the sub-
contract to set-off the cost of rectification works arising from the
defendant’s defective workmanship or materials. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 267 at paragraphs
43 to 46.

Alternatively, the plaintiff relied on its rights by way of equitable set off.
Finally, the plaintiff denied that any of the sums comprised in the deduction
arose otherwise than from the defendant’s non-compliant installation of the
glass doors or were unreasonable in amount. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 270 at paragraph
49 to page 274 at paragraph 55.

27 On 13 April 2017, the plaintiff voluntarily revised its computation yet
again. The result was that the plaintiff accepted that it owed a sum of
$5,749.32 to the defendant. The plaintiff tendered payment to the defendant of
that sum. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, pages 399 and 402.

The defendant accepted the payment without prejudice to its right to proceed
in the adjudication for the balance of its claim. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 403.

28 The adjudicator was initially obliged to render his determination by 22
April 2017. However, the parties agreed to extend time for the adjudicator’s
determination to 15 May 2017. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 455 at paragraph
24.

29 In due course, the adjudicator fixed an adjudication conference for 27
April 2017. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 455 at paragraph
25.

In anticipation of the conference, and with the adjudicator’s leave, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 455 at paragraph
26.

both plaintiff and the defendant lodged further written submissions with the
adjudicator on 24 April 2017.

30 The defendant’s further written submissions 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 332.

continued to reject the plaintiff’s deduction of $78,659.96. The defendant
made three principal points. First, the defendant had been compelled to
install certain shower frames with a gap of less than 30mm 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 336 at paragraph
13.

because the plaintiff had insisted that the defendant make the shower openings
as wide as possible 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 336 at paragraph
10.

even though it knew that the width of the shower areas actually handed over by
the plaintiff to the defendant for installation of the shower frames was
smaller than anticipated when the defendant had prepared the shop drawings and
the mock-up and when the plaintiff’s consultants had approved them. Second,
the plaintiff was seeking to deduct the entire cost of remedying the shower
frames in The Hillford even though it could not prove that the defendant had
installed all of those shower frames with a gap of less than 30mm. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 338 at paragraph
18.

The defendant’s final point was that the poor quality of the evidence which
the plaintiff had produced in the adjudication meant that the plaintiff had
failed to meet its burden of proof. As a result, and because of the inherent
evidential limitations of the adjudication process, the defendant submitted
that the adjudicator was not in a position to decide the plaintiff’s
entitlement to a set-off. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 340 at paragraph
24 to page 342 at paragraph 29.

31 This submission by the defendant is the first time that burden of proof
became a live issue in the adjudication. It is therefore worth setting out
this part of the defendant’s further written submissions verbatim: 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 341 at paragraph
28.

Further, the [defendant] submits that it is not possible for the Learned
Adjudicator to take a robust approach in this case to decide on the
[plaintiff’s] entitlement to set-off due to the [plaintiff’s] failure to make
out its claim by failing to particularise the alleged breaches of the
[defendant] and failure to provide sufficient evidence to discharge its burden
of proof for the proposition advanced by it with regards the work carried out
by the [defendant] (which the [defendant] maintains is in compliance with the
shop drawings) and the link, if any, between the buffer gap and the shattered
glass incident. Further, without the benefit of a fact-intensive investigation
and expert evidence on the issues, the Learned Adjudicator is not equipped to
deal with the present issues arising from the alleged breach of non-compliance
with the shop drawings, notwithstanding that … such an exercise is also
unsuitable to be undertaken in these SOP proceedings. The [defendant] humbly
submits that this is not the forum to decide the Respondent’s entitlement to
set-off and accordingly, the Learned Adjudicator should only allow the
[defendant’s] claim in respect of work done by the [defendant]. [emphasis
added]

32 It is, of course, not strictly speaking correct to speak of either party in
an adjudication application as having a burden of proof. That is simply
because neither side in an adjudication has any obligation to “prove” its case
to the adjudicator in the sense of demonstrating to the adjudicator that its
case is objectively true (cf s 3(3) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev
Ed)). Determining whether a party has demonstrated its case to be true is not
the function of an adjudicator. The function of an adjudicator is to determine
the issues listed in s 17(2)(a) of the Act, the most important of which is the
amount, if any, out of the applicant’s payment claim to which temporary
finality ought to attach under s 21(1) of the Act. It is therefore no part of
the adjudicator’s role to find whether the claimant’s payment claim – or
indeed the respondent’s deduction from it – has or has not been proven. That
finding is within the exclusive province of the dispute-resolution tribunal
which will resolve the parties’ dispute with full finality (see s 21(1)(b) of
the Act).

33 In adjudication proceedings, therefore, it is more accurate to speak of a
burden of persuasion. The claimant hopes to persuade the adjudicator to give
temporary finality to the entirety of the claim. The respondent hopes to
persuade the adjudicator to withhold temporary finality from all or part of
the claim. Each party who advances a proposition to the adjudicator bears the
burden of persuading the adjudicator to accept that proposition in and for the
purposes of the adjudication. The defendant was therefore correct, in a loose
sense, to submit that the plaintiff bore the burden of persuading the
adjudicator that he should withhold temporary finality from $78,659.96 out of
the defendant’s payment claim by reason of the shattering glass doors.

34 But the defendant, having challenged the sufficiency of the plaintiff’s
evidence, did not propose in its further submissions a qualitative test which
the adjudicator could apply to ascertain whether the plaintiff had “provide[d]
sufficient evidence to discharge its burden of proof”. To put it another way,
the adjudicator was not given a qualitative standard against which to weigh
the plaintiff’s evidence in the adjudication. That qualitative test is, of
course, analogous to the standard of proof where a decision is to be reached
with full finality. In the current context, for accuracy and consistency, I
shall refer to that qualitative test as the “standard of persuasion”.

35 The plaintiff too lodged further written submissions on 24 April 2017. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 391.

The plaintiff made no new points in those submissions. But, also on 24 April
2017, the plaintiff lodged written skeletal arguments. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 432.

The skeletal arguments took the form of a paragraph by paragraph response to
the defendant’s further submissions. The plaintiff made four principal points.
First, the plaintiff took the position that the defendant had a design
obligation under its subcontract which the defendant had breached in designing
the shower frames. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 433 at paragraph
3(a).

Second, the plaintiff denied that it had insisted on the openings for the
showers being as wide as possible. Its position was that the defendant’s
obligation was to comply with the specifications in the shop drawings by
maintaining a 30mm gap regardless of the size of the shower area. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 435 at paragraph
4(d).

Third, the plaintiff pointed out that if it were indeed true that the shower
areas were smaller than expected, the parties’ subcontract provided that the
risk of site constraints was on the defendant. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 435 at paragraph
5(b).

Fourth, the evidence that the plaintiff had presented to the adjudicator was
the best evidence then available to it, given that The Hillford’s temporary
occupation permit had been issued and that the subsidiary proprietors were by
then occupying the flats. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 437 at paragraph
6(b).

Finally, the plaintiff denied ever instructing the defendant to reduce the
30mm gap in order to maintain the width of the shower opening. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 438 at paragraph
7(b).

36 The plaintiff, in its skeletal arguments, did address the specific
paragraph in the defendant’s further submission (set out in full at [31]
above) which had first raised the sufficiency of the plaintiff’s evidence as
an issue in the adjudication. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 441 at paragraph
11.

However, the plaintiff pitched its response at the highest level of
generality. It simply asserted that it had produced sufficient evidence with
sufficient particularity to satisfy the adjudicator that the plaintiff was
entitled to deduct $78,659.96 from the defendant’s claim in and for the
purposes of the adjudication. Like the defendant’s further submission, the
plaintiff’s skeletal arguments did not suggest a qualitative test by which the
adjudicator was to weigh the sufficiency of the plaintiff’s evidence.

The adjudication conference

37 The adjudication conference took place as scheduled on 27 April 2017. Both
parties were represented by solicitors. Both parties placed all of the written
material which I have summarised above before the adjudicator. Both parties
supplemented the written material with oral submissions. But neither party
addressed the adjudicator on the standard of persuasion. Nor did the
adjudicator invite either party to address him on this issue.

38 It is not surprising that the parties did not take the initiative to
address the adjudicator on the standard of persuasion. It was simply not a
live issue in the adjudication, even at the close of the adjudication
conference. It is common ground today that, if the adjudicator had invited the
parties to address him on the issue, both parties would have told the
adjudicator that all that the defendant had to do was to raise a prima facie
case 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Defendants’ written submissions, paragraph 5. Certified Transcript, 18 July
2017, page 9 at lines 28 to 32; page 24 at lines 33 to 34. Certified
Transcript, 26 July 2017, page 5 at lines 23 to 25; page 12 at lines 24 to 29;
page 13 at lines 28 to 30.

that it was entitled to deduct the sum of $78,659.96 from the defendant’s
claim.

The adjudication determination

39 On 15 May 2017, the adjudicator released his written adjudication
determination. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 450.

He allowed the defendant’s claim in full, giving credit to the plaintiff only
for its earlier, voluntary payment (see [27] above).

40 In dealing with the plaintiff’s deduction of $78,659.96 arising from the
shattering glass doors, the adjudicator began with a brief summary of the
facts and the parties’ submissions 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 459 at paragraphs
41 to 45.

and then posed two questions for himself: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 462 at paragraph
49.

Arising from the shattered shower screen glass incidents, there are two
principal questions to address before deciding whether the claim is allowed:

(a) Is [the defendant] responsible and liable for the shattering shower screen
glass panels beyond reasonable doubt and to what extent?

(b) Can [the plaintiff] claim for [sic] set-off against the [defendant’s]
claim if the [defendant] is found liable in Question … (a) above?

[Emphasis added]

It is clear from the manner in which he framed both of these questions that
the adjudicator, quite correctly, considered that it was the plaintiff who
bore the burden of persuasion on the questions.

41 The adjudicator then set out what evidence he would expect the plaintiff to
produce in order to address the first question: 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, pages 462 to 463.

50\. To fully address the first question of whether the [defendant] is
responsible and liable for the shattering shower screen glass panels and to
what extent, one has to determine what causes the shattering in the first
place. There are scientific investigative procedures that can be carried out
(usually by a third party specialist acceptable to both [defendant] and
[plaintiff]) for such incidents. These procedures include recording of
statements from the affected persons and witnesses, recording of the shattered
glass and all the devices involved at the site as well as the testing of the
glass and devices.

51\. Based on these findings and test results, the third party specialist
would then be able to identify the cause or a combination of causes of the
glass shattering. After the causes are identified, the third party specialist
would be able to recommend the proper and best course of actions. The third
party specialist’s report, if carried out diligently would enable us to
determine objectively the party liable for each of the individual incidents as
well as which party is responsible for which subsequent remedial actions.

52\. Careful reading of the submissions made revealed that there were some
indications that the above investigative procedures might have been carried by
the [plaintiff]. I refer to … the Adjudication Response at the various dates:

(a) 9 January 2017 – there was a discussion with external glass specialist on
[the] third party report[;]

(b) 13 January 2017 – attendance to Noptic Glass Test[;]

(c) 26 January, 26 February 2017 – Site inspection for 3rd party report.

53\. However, before me, there are no report or document presented as
evidence. I therefore find it strange that for about three months after the
discussion with the third party was held, there is still no report available
for this adjudication proceeding. I am not aware of the reason for the absence
of the report and why the [plaintiff] did not present it as evidence. This is
my first doubt.

42 Paragraph 52 of the adjudicator’s determination – which I have included in
the passage cited at [41] above – is a reference to three entries in a
spreadsheet which the plaintiff tendered in the adjudication as evidence of
the attendance costs which formed part of its deduction of $78,659.96. That
spreadsheet records that on 9 January 2017, the plaintiff, the developer and
the developer’s consultants had a discussion on site with an external glass
specialist on producing a third-party expert report. On 13 January 2017, a
“Noptic Glass Test” was carried out in the presence of the plaintiff and the
developer’s consultants to detect whether nickel sulphide inclusions in the
glass panels were causing them to shatter spontaneously. And on 26 January
2017 and 26 February 2017, the plaintiff and the developer’s consultants are
recorded as carrying out a “site inspection …for 3rd party report”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 329.

43 The concluding sentence in para 53 of the adjudicator’s determination –
“This is my first doubt.” – foreshadowed the framework which he then followed
in this critical part of his determination. The adjudicator, having adopted as
his starting point (see [40] above) that the plaintiff had to persuade him
beyond reasonable doubt that the defendant was liable for the shattering glass
doors, set out in para 53 his first reasonable doubt: the plaintiff’s failure
to produce in the adjudication the third-party specialist report, which he
assumed to exist.

44 The adjudicator then went on in para 54 of his determination to set out
five other reasonable doubts which he harboured about the defendant’s
liability to the plaintiff for the shattering glass doors: 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, pages 464 to 465.

(a) There was no evidence of the specifications which the defendant’s glass
panels had to meet under the subcontract and no test results to show that the
defendant had failed to meet those specifications;

(b) There was no evidence of any stipulation in the building code which
required there to be a gap of minimum 30mm between the glass shower door and
the wall. The adjudicator pointed out that there was evidence of some shower
frames which the defendant had installed with a gap less than 30mm in which
the doors had not shattered and also of some shower frames which the defendant
had installed with a gap larger than 30mm, which could not – on the
plaintiff’s own case – constitute a breach of contract.

(c) The width of the shower doors in The Hillford – a project designed for the
elderly – were below the minimum width of 800mm mandated in the Building and
Construction Authority’s Code on Accessibility in the Built Environment 2013
(“BCA Code”) in order to allow a wheelchair to be used in the shower. The
adjudicator therefore asked rhetorically: “I wonder how many of the reported
incidents are cases in which an elderly and his helper shatter [sic] the glass
[while entering] the shower together. I have no answer to it because there are
no incident reports submitted to me.”

(d) The glass shower door in one unit shattered in March 2017, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 329 at Item 22.

after the remedial works were carried out. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

First affidavit of Ke Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, page 281 at Item 48.

That cast doubt on the efficacy of the plaintiff’s remedy, the costs of which
the plaintiff wanted the defendant to bear.

(e) One of the documents which the plaintiff relied upon in the adjudication
asserted that shower doors had shattered in three units which were mentioned
nowhere else in the plaintiff’s submissions as having suffered from shattering
glass.

45 The adjudicator then rejected the plaintiff’s entitlement to deduct
$78,659.96. He did so expressly on the basis that the plaintiff had failed to
establish its claim of defects beyond reasonable doubt:

55\. On the above considerations, I am therefore not persuaded that at this
stage, I can conclude that the [defendant] is wholly responsible and liable
for the glass shattering incidents. It is, however, not to say that the
[defendant] is not responsible and liable at all. Neither am I convinced to
accept that the rectification works carried out by the [plaintiff] are
effective and sufficient that the claim amount is justified or accurate.

56\. I would also like to cite [7.7] of Chow Kok Fong’s Security of Payments
and Construction Adjudication, 2013, Second Edition

“In construction cases, the courts have indicated that they will take a
‘robust approach’ in examining the underlying premise and set-offs raised by a
defendant. In Invar Realty Pte Ltd v Kenzo Tange Urtec Inc (1990), Yong Pung
How J (as he then was) considered the position to be that ‘if there is no
defence to a claim other than a plausible counterclaim, then judgment must be
entered on the claim’. In such a situation, the defendants will be left to
pursue their counterclaim separately from the plaintiff’s claim. Adjudicators
under the Singapore SOP Act are expected to take a similarly robust approach.”

(sentence in bold highlighted by me)

57\. As I am required take a robust approach that the claim on defects must be
beyond reasonable doubt. Based on the above reasons set out in para. 50 to 55
above and the case of MU Pte Ltd v MV Ltd (2009) (ARA01 of 2009 [2009] SCAdjR
995), I reject the [plaintiff’s] set-off/counterclaim of S$78,659.96 in this
adjudication proceeding. The [plaintiff] can however address its claim
separately on another forum.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

46 The adjudicator concluded his determination by holding that the defendant
was entitled to receive substantially the whole of its claim against the
plaintiff. He therefore determined that the plaintiff was obliged to pay to
the defendant: (i) the sum of $89,451.95; (ii) interest on that sum at the
rate of 5.33% per annum starting seven days after the date of the
determination; and (iii) 50% of the costs of the adjudication.

The parties’ arguments

The plaintiff’s case

47 The plaintiff relies on four grounds to argue that this adjudication
determination ought to be set aside:

(a) First, the adjudicator breached his obligation under s 16(3)(c) of the Act
to comply with the principles of natural justice by failing to give the
plaintiff an opportunity to address him on the standard of persuasion which
the plaintiff had to meet. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, page 9 at paragraph 23.

(b) Second, the adjudicator breached the rules of natural justice by failing
to give the plaintiff an opportunity to address the adjudicator on the
relevance of the BCA Code. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, page 9 at paragraph 23.

It will be recalled (see [44(c)] above) that the adjudicator cited possible
non-compliance with the BCA Code as one of the adjudicator’s reasonable doubts
about the plaintiff’s claim.

(c) Third, the adjudicator misdirected himself by adopting irrelevant
considerations in arriving at his determination because he focused on the
factual cause of the glass doors shattering rather than focusing on the
identity of the party to be held responsible for it. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, page 5 at paragraph 13. First affidavit of Ke
Koon Seng filed on 14 June 2017, paragraph 43.

(d) Finally, the adjudicator breached his duty of impartiality.

48 Although the plaintiff raised and argued the last three grounds separately,
they are all in one way or another subsidiary to the plaintiff’s first ground.
I therefore begin my analysis with that ground.

49 The plaintiffs’ argument on its first ground proceeds as follows. The
standard of persuasion on a party in an adjudication is merely to raise a
prima facie case with respect to any proposition which it advances to the
adjudicator. By expecting the defendant to persuade him beyond reasonable
doubt as to its claim for $78,659.96, the adjudicator not only made a patent
error of law but went “on a frolic of his own”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, page 8 at paragraph 23.

If the adjudicator wished to adopt persuasion beyond reasonable doubt as the
standard of persuasion which the plaintiff had to meet, the fair hearing rule
required the adjudicator to give both parties an opportunity to address him on
the issue. Although the adjudicator’s breach of that rule in this case led him
to make what both parties agree was an error of law, that is not the gist of
the plaintiff’s challenge. The plaintiff in substance is challenging, not the
content of the adjudicator’s decision, but his conduct in arriving at that
decision. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, page 11 at paragraph 26(a); Certified
Transcript, 18 July 2017, page 2 at lines 24 to 35; page 3 at lines 1 to 3.

Finally, the breach of natural justice in this case was pivotal in that it was
material to the outcome of the determination 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Certified Transcript, 18 July 2017, page 8 at lines 18 to 20; Certified
Transcript, 26 July 2017, page 12 at lines 1 to 11; lines 15 to 23.

and has caused the plaintiff prejudice.

The defendant’s case

50 The defendant accepts that the adjudicator adopted the wrong standard of
persuasion and that he did so without hearing from the parties. But the
defendant argues that the adjudicator did not thereby commit a breach of the
rules of natural justice but instead merely fell into an error of law. His
determination is therefore beyond the scope of the High Court’s supervisory
powers on an application to set aside an adjudication determination. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Defendant’s written submissions, page 3 at paragraph 5.

The defendant denies that there was any breach of natural justice on three
grounds. First, the adjudicator’s adoption of the wrong standard of persuasion
was an error of law and not a breach of natural justice. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Defendant’s written submissions, page 3 at paragraph 4.

Second, the result of the adjudicator’s error of law on the standard of
persuasion was, at most, that he weighed the evidence before him incorrectly,
which is not a ground for setting aside an adjudication determination. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Defendant’s written submissions, page 4 at paragraph 6(c).

Finally, the result of the adjudicator’s error of law caused the plaintiff no
prejudice. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Defendant’s written submissions, page 15 at paragraph 28; page 16 at paragraph
31.

51 I accept the plaintiff’s submissions and reject the defendant’s. In my
view: (i) the adjudicator did breach the rules of natural justice; (ii) the
breach of natural justice was causally connected to the outcome of the
determination; and (iii) the breach of natural justice caused the plaintiff
actual, as opposed to notional, prejudice.

The adjudicator breached the rules of natural justice

52 It is common ground that the adjudicator did not hear submissions from
either party on the standard of persuasion before he adopted persuasion beyond
reasonable doubt as the applicable standard in his determination. So it is
correct, at least in a factual sense, that the plaintiff was not heard on this
issue.

53 The defendant argues that there was no breach of justice in this case for
two reasons. First, because the standard of persuasion was never in issue in
the adjudication. The defendant goes further to point out that it could never
have been in issue in the adjudication even if it had become a live issue,
because the parties were agreed on it. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Defendant’s written submissions, page 3 at paragraph 6(a).

It is, the defendant argues, not a breach of natural justice for a decision-
maker to fail to hear from the parties on an issue on which they do not take
opposing positions. Second, there was no breach of natural justice because
this is not a case where an adjudicator heard from one party and accepted that
party’s position on an issue without hearing from the other party. In this
case, the adjudicator failed to hear from both parties. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Defendant’s written submissions, page 4 at paragraph 6(b).

54 On both points, the defendant is wrong.

55 Underlying the rules of natural justice is the recognition that procedural
fairness has intrinsic value. Ensuring that a decision-making process is fair
is inherently valuable because it accords dignity to those persons who
participate in the process and whose interests are affected by the decision
which is the outcome of the process. But procedural fairness also has
instrumental value. Given that it is virtually impossible to be assured that
the outcome of any decision-making process is objectively “correct” – or even,
in some cases, “fair” – according procedural fairness to those who participate
in the process and are affected by its outcome makes it more likely that they,
and the wider community that they come from, will accept the legitimacy of the
decision even if they do not accept its substance.

56 Both components of the rules of natural justice therefore have both
intrinsic and instrumental value. In the particular case of the fair hearing
rule, it has added instrumental value in that hearing from the parties
contributes to rectitude of decision. That is particularly so in adversarial
proceedings, which is what adjudication applications remain by their
fundamental nature. Adversarial proceedings are founded on the expectation
that an objectively correct decision is more likely to emerge from a contest
of self-interested submissions by the parties rather than from a decision-
maker’s self-directed inquiries and ingenuity. To put it simply, hearing from
the parties before arriving at a decision not only helps to ensure that the
parties accept the legitimacy of the decision but also assists the decision-
maker in getting the decision objectively right.

57 Given this background, there are two reasons why I reject the defendant’s
submissions. First, it is certainly true that a decision-maker who fails to
hear from both parties will have treated them both equally and, in that sense,
acted with impartiality. But the failure is nevertheless a breach of the fair
hearing rule. That is because the failure leads to the very harm – both on an
individual basis and on a systemic basis – which the rules of natural justice
seek to avoid. On the individual basis, failing to hear from both parties on
an issue before arriving at a decision on that issue is equally capable of
giving rise to a lingering procedural grievance as failing to hear from one
party before doing so. If, following that failure, the decision-maker arrives
at a decision which neither party desires, both parties will harbour a
procedural grievance. And if the decision-maker arrives at a decision which
only one party desires, the procedural grievance harboured by the unsuccessful
party is indistinguishable in principle from the grievance he would harbour if
the decision-maker had in fact heard only from the successful party. On the
individual level, then, both cases lead to an increased risk that one or both
parties will reject the legitimacy of the decision. That is one of the very
risks which the rules of natural justice are designed to mitigate. On the
systemic level, a failure to hear from both parties is equally capable of
undermining the legitimacy of the decision-making process in the eyes of
potential participants who are not parties to the particular case at hand.

58 Second, because part of the underlying purpose of requiring the decision-
maker to hear from both parties on an issue is the instrumental purpose of
increasing rectitude of decision, it is equally a breach of natural justice
not to hear from the parties where they are agreed on an issue as it is when
that issue is contested. A decision-maker who decides an issue without hearing
from both parties on that issue deprives himself of a specific forensic
benefit which the adversarial system offers him. The forensic benefit is clear
where the parties are opposed on the issue. It arises from the decision-maker
hearing and testing the parties’ submissions in competition with each other.
But there is equally a forensic benefit even when the parties are agreed on
the issue. The benefit arises from the opportunity which hearing from both
parties gives the decision-maker to avoid error.

59 The defendant’s submissions proceed on two fundamental misconceptions. The
first is to frame the issue before the adjudicator at too high a level of
generality. Thus, the defendant submits that the issue before the adjudicator
was whether the defendant was liable to the plaintiff for the shattering glass
doors. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Certified Transcript, 26 July 2017, page 2 at lines 35 to 36.

The adjudicator heard from the plaintiff fully on that issue. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Certified Transcript, 26 July 2017, page 1 at lines 40 to 41; page 2 at lines
1 to 4.

Therefore, the defendant says, the adjudicator cannot have breached the rules
of natural justice.

60 All of that may be true, but only because the defendant has framed the
issue for present purposes in the same terms as the ultimate issue in the
adjudication. The defendant overlooks that there were subsidiary issues on the
adjudicator’s path to his decision on the ultimate issue. The adjudicator had
an equally real obligation under s 17(3)(c) of the Act to comply with the
principles of natural justice in dealing with those subsidiary issues. One of
those issues, which emerged only in his determination, was the applicable
standard of persuasion which the plaintiff had to meet. And it is not to the
point to say that the plaintiff had an opportunity in a general sense to deal
with this subsidiary issue. It is, of course, true that the plaintiff had
every opportunity to address the adjudicator on any issue it wished to in its
written and oral submissions. So in that sense, the adjudicator did afford the
plaintiff a general opportunity to be heard on all issues. But that general
opportunity to be heard on any issue cannot constitute a specific opportunity
to be beard on the issue of the applicable standard of persuasion. That is
because the standard of persuasion was never a live issue in the adjudication.
As a result, the plaintiff had no notice that the adjudicator was going to
decide that issue as a subsidiary issue on his way to his ultimate
determination of the ultimate issue.

61 The defendant’s second fundamental error is to assume that a breach of
natural justice and an error of fact or law operate on the same plane, such
that a particular aspect of the adjudicator’s determination can be only one or
the other but not both. The defendant therefore begins by characterising the
adjudicator’s error in this case as an error of law and not a breach of
natural justice and then submits that where there is an error of law, there
cannot be a breach of natural justice. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Certified Transcript, 26 July 2017, page 1 at lines 30 to 34.

That is not correct. A breach of natural justice and an error of law operate
on separate planes. The distinction which the plaintiff draws 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Certified Transcript, 26 July 2017, page 11 at lines 18 to 33.

between conduct – or process – and outcome is crucial. A breach of natural
justice operates on the procedural plane and is a feature of the decision-
maker’s conduct in his decision-making. An error of law operates on the
outcome plane and is a feature of the substance of his decision-making. A
breach of natural justice may or may not result in an error of law. If it
does, the error of law does not subsume the breach of natural justice. The
parties are agreed in this case that the adjudicator’s holding on the standard
of persuasion was an error. But characterising it as an error of law does not
operate to immunise his anterior breach of the rules of natural justice from
challenge.

62 The defendant relies on the decision of Colman J in Bulfracht (Cyprus) Ltd
v Boneset Shipping Company Ltd (“MV Pamphilos”) [2002] EWHC 2292 to suggest
that the adjudicator in this case did not breach the rules of natural justice
because he had no duty to forewarn the parties of his intended holdings and
therefore, presumably, had no duty to forewarn the plaintiff that he intended
to hold that the plaintiff had to persuade the adjudicator of its case in the
adjudication beyond reasonable doubt. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Certified Transcript, 26 July 2017, page 2 at lines 22 to 34.

The passage from Colman J’s judgment on which the defendant relies reads as
follows (at page 7/13):

…In substance, [the charterers’] complaint is that the arbitrators made
findings of fact of which they did not forewarn the parties and for which
there was no evidential basis. They thereby unfairly deprived the charterers
of the opportunity of addressing them on those matters and therefore failed to
provide a fair means for the resolution of the dispute.

The arbitrator’s duty was to give the parties a fair opportunity of addressing
them on all factual issues material to the intended decision as to which there
had been no reasonable opportunity to address them during the hearings ….

It has to be emphasised, however, that the duty to act fairly is quite
distinct from the autonomous power of the arbitrators to make findings of
fact. Thus, whereas it may normally be contrary to the arbitrator’s duty to
fail to give the parties an opportunity to address them on proposed findings
of major areas of material primary facts which have not been raised during the
hearing or earlier in the arbitral proceedings, it will not usually be
necessary to refer back to the parties for further submission every single
inference of fact from the primary facts which the arbitrators intend to draw,
even if such inferences may not have been previously anticipated in the course
of the arbitration.

63 The defendant’s reliance on this passage is misplaced. This passage
establishes that a decision-maker who reaches a decision without affording the
parties an opportunity to address him on that decision does not necessarily
breach the rules of natural justice, even if the parties could not have
anticipated that decision. But this passage also establishes that it is
normally contrary to the rules of natural justice for a decision-maker to
arrive at a decision on a major issue without affording the parties an
opportunity to address him on that issue. All the more so if that issue is not
a live issue. That is precisely what the plaintiff submits the adjudicator did
in this case. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Certified Transcript, 26 July 2017, page 13 at lines 21 to 27.

64 The defendant also cites my decision in AMZ v AXX [2016] 1 SLR 549 at [97]
as authority for the proposition that an arbitral tribunal does not breach the
rules of natural justice if it does not refer every issue which falls for
decision to the parties for submissions. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Certified Transcript, 26 July 2017, page 6 at lines 25 to 28.

In that passage, I said:

… [A] tribunal is not required to refer every issue which falls for decision
to the parties for submissions. A tribunal’s decision may be considered unfair
only when a reasonable litigant in the position of the party challenging the
award could not have foreseen the possibility of the tribunal’s actual
reasoning in the award...

65 That proposition, when read in full and in context, assists the plaintiff
more than the defendant. The adjudicator’s holding that the plaintiff had to
persuade him of the defendant’s liability beyond reasonable doubt was a
decision which a reasonable party to an adjudication in the position of the
plaintiff could not have foreseen. That is so, not because the adjudicator’s
holding is objectively wrong, but because the applicable standard of
persuasion was never a live issue in the adjudication. Indeed, for that very
reason, I daresay that even a reasonable party in the position of the
defendant could not have foreseen that the adjudicator would arrive at that
holding.

66 A final point troubled me in the course of the parties’ submissions. It
seemed to me that the adjudicator’s breach of natural justice in this case
arose because the issue in question – the applicable standard of persuasion –
was to him an unknown unknown. He did not know that he did not know the
standard of persuasion which the plaintiff had to meet as a matter of
procedural law in order to discharge its burden. As a result, he did not know
that he required assistance on this issue and did not appreciate that he
should afford both parties an opportunity to render that assistance to him.
Does that make a difference? To put it another way, is it a breach of natural
justice for a decision-maker to fail to hear from the parties on an issue when
he does not appreciate the need to hear from them on that issue? I consider
that that is nevertheless a breach of natural justice. The focus of the rules
of natural justice is not on the subjective moral or legal quality of a
decision-maker’s conduct, but on the objective effect which his conduct has on
the fairness of the decision-making process and on the stakeholders in that
process, including the parties to it.

67 For all these reasons, therefore, I have found that the adjudicator did
breach the rules of natural justice.

The breach was material

68 The defendant’s next submission is that the breach of natural justice was
not material to the adjudicator’s determination. It is certainly true that not
every breach of natural justice will result in an adjudication determination
being set aside. There are two aspects of materiality. The first is whether
the breach of natural justice was causally connected with the adjudicator’s
determination. This requires considering the role played in his determination
by his holding that the standard of persuasion which the plaintiff had to meet
amounted to persuasion beyond reasonable doubt. I deal with that aspect of the
submission in this section of the judgment. The other aspect is whether the
breach of natural justice caused the plaintiff prejudice. I will deal with
that issue in the next section of this judgment.

69 My analysis of the adjudicator’s determination (see [39] to [45] above)
shows that the adjudicator’s on the standard of persuasion was an integral
part of the framework of his decision. It was one step on the critical path
which led to his determination in the defendant’s favour. It would have been
different, for example, if the adjudicator had formulated the plaintiff’s
standard of persuasion as persuasion beyond reasonable doubt but analysed the
evidence to explain why he could not accept the plaintiff’s evidence as
sufficient to raise a prima facie case. In that hypothetical situation, it
could be said that the adjudicator’s formulation of the standard of persuasion
in terms of proof beyond reasonable doubt was a mere matter of semantics,
given that he had adopted the correct analytical approach in assessing the
sufficiency of the plaintiff’s evidence. It would be difficult in that
hypothetical scenario to hold that the adjudicator’s formulation had been
causally connected to his determination because his analysis would show that
he had not applied it in arriving at his determination. But that is not the
case here.

70 The adjudicator’s formulation of the standard of persuasion as being
persuasion beyond reasonable doubt was a matter of substance rather than
semantics. The adjudicator understood the import of his formulation of the
standard and went on actually to apply that standard as the framework of his
entire analysis. Thus, he rejected the plaintiff’s case in the adjudication
because – and only because – he harboured the six reasonable doubts about it
which he enumerated in his determination at (see [43] to [44] above). There is
a clear causal connection between the adjudicator’s breach of natural justice
and his holding on the issue of the standard of persuasion, and a clear causal
connection between that holding and the outcome of his determination. In that
sense, then, the breach of natural justice was material.

71 The defendant submits that the part of the adjudicator’s decision where he
lists his reasonable doubts was no more than ancillary to his decision on the
main issue of liability. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Certified Transcript, 26 July 2017, page 3 at lines 10 to 19.

It was not: for the reasons I have set out above, it was at the core of his
determination.

72 The defendant also suggests that the plaintiff’s submission amounts to
attacking the weighing exercise which the adjudicator undertook to assess
whether the plaintiff had adduced sufficient evidence to meet its burden of
proof. But the defendant misunderstands why the plaintiff makes reference to
the adjudicator’s reasoning. The plaintiff’s argument is not that the
determination should be set aside because the adjudicator’s reasoning in
analysing the plaintiff’s evidence is faulty. The plaintiff’s argument remains
that the determination should be set aside because the adjudicator failed to
hear from the parties on the applicable standard of persuasion. The plaintiff
relies on the adjudicator’s reasoning, not to establish error, but to
establish a causal connection between the breach of natural justice and the
outcome of his determination. That is a causal connection which I accept
exists.

The breach caused the plaintiff actual prejudice

73 The defendant’s final submission is that the adjudicator’s breach of
natural justice did not cause the plaintiff any prejudice. The defendant
submits that the plaintiff’s evidence of its right to deduct the $78,659.96
was weak and therefore the outcome of the determination would have been the
same regardless of the standard of persuasion which the adjudicator had
applied. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Certified Transcript, 18 July 2017, page 36 at lines 4 to 8.

I reject this submission also.

74 In order to assess prejudice, I must consider the counterfactual situation
in which the adjudicator had heard from the parties on the standard of
persuasion. If that had happened, the parties are agreed that they would both
have submitted to the adjudicator that it sufficed for the plaintiff to raise
a prima facie case that it was entitled to deduct $78,659.96 from the
defendant’s claim in and for the purposes of the adjudication.

75 In that counterfactual situation, two consequences would have flowed.
First, it is virtually certain that the adjudicator would have accepted the
parties’ common submission that the applicable standard of persuasion was the
prima facie standard. It would be highly unusual for an adjudicator to reject
a common position taken by both parties represented by counsel. That is
especially so when counsel take a common position on a question of law and the
adjudicator, as the adjudicator was in this case, is not legally trained. It
would be even more unusual for an adjudicator who is not legally trained to
reject the parties’ common position on a question of procedural law. I
consider it legitimate to take this factor into consideration as prejudice. It
does not amount to me usurping the function of the adjudicator or substituting
my judgment for his. That is because the issue of the applicable standard of
persuasion is an issue does not have to do with the merits of the parties’
claims in the adjudication – which is within the exclusive province of the
adjudicator – and will not be revisited when the substantive dispute between
the parties is resolved with full finality.

76 The second consequence is that the adjudicator’s determination on the
merits of the adjudication – arrived at after applying the correct standard of
persuasion – could have been different from that which he actually reached
after applying the incorrect standard. To draw an analogy with arbitration by
paraphrasing L W Infrastructure Pte Ltd v Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd
[2013] 1 SLR 125 (at [54]), the plaintiff will have suffered prejudice arising
from this breach of the rules of natural justice if it can show that
compliance with the rules of natural justice could reasonably have made a
difference to the outcome of the adjudication. The plaintiff need not show
that it would necessarily have done so. Certainly, if the adjudicator had not
breached the rules of natural justice and received a common submission from
the parties that the plaintiff need only raise a prima facie case, he could
have accepted that common submission. Indeed, for the reasons I have given at
[75] above, he is almost certain to have done so. If he had done so, the
structure of his analysis in his determination could have been different.
Whether the plaintiff had adduced sufficient evidence to discharge its burden
of persuasion would no longer turn on whether the adjudicator harboured a
reasonable doubt. In the counterfactual, applying the prima facie standard,
the adjudicator could have eschewed the negative approach of identifying and
listing the reasonable doubts which he continued to harbour about the
plaintiff’s case, even after considering the plaintiff’s evidence. The
adjudicator could instead have adopted the positive approach of marshalling
and analysing the plaintiff’s evidence to see whether it was sufficient to
persuade him that, prima facie, he ought not to confer temporary finality on
$78,659.96 of the defendant’s claim in and for the purposes of the
adjudication.

77 The defendant submits that the plaintiff did not suffer prejudice because,
even if the adjudicator had invited the parties to address him on the
applicable standard of persuasion, and even if the adjudicator had adopted and
applied the standard which the parties are agreed he ought to have applied,
his decision would have been no different because the plaintiff’s evidence did
not suffice even to raise a prima facie case. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Certified Transcript, 26 July 2017, page 5 at lines 11 to 19.

I reject that submission. As a judge exercising supervisory jurisdiction over
the adjudicator, it is not appropriate or desirable for me to base my decision
on whether to set aside the adjudication determination on my own weighing of
the evidence before the adjudicator, applying the correct standard of
persuasion. For the reasons I have set out at [76] above, I accept that the
adjudicator’s analysis and therefore his determination could have been
different and that that suffices to demonstrate prejudice.

The plaintiff’s four other grounds

78 The reasons set out above suffice for me to set aside the adjudicator’s
determination on the grounds that he breached the rules of natural justice. It
is therefore not necessary for me to consider the plaintiff’s three other
grounds (see [47] above). In any event, I do not consider any of those grounds
to be independent of the first ground in any true sense.

79 The plaintiff’s second ground is that the adjudicator breached the rules of
natural justice by failing to give the plaintiff an opportunity to address the
adjudicator on the relevance of the BCA Code. It is true that this point was
not advanced by the defendant in the adjudication and that the adjudicator did
not hear from the plaintiff on this point before including it in his
determination as one of his reasonable doubts about the plaintiff’s case.

80 But I do not consider that to be a ground which is independent of the
plaintiff’s first ground. If the adjudicator had been procedurally correct in
his formulation of the standard of persuasion, his approach to analysing
whether the plaintiff had met that standard could not be faulted. On that
hypothesis, the plaintiff’s second ground would not have sufficed in and of
itself to set aside the adjudication determination. This is because, even if
this particular finding of a reasonable doubt had been reached in breach of
natural justice, the result would be to remove only one out of the six
reasonable doubts identified by the adjudicator. The finding on the BCA Code
reached in breach of natural justice would therefore not be causally connected
with the outcome of the determination and could not, in itself, justify
setting it aside.

81 The plaintiff’s third ground is that the adjudicator misdirected himself by
adopting irrelevant considerations in arriving at his determination because he
focused on the factual cause of the glass doors shattering rather than
focusing on the identity of the party to be held responsible for it. I would
have difficulty accepting that this ground was made out in the case and, even
if made out, that it justified setting aside the adjudication determination in
itself. It is not possible to separate the factual and legal responsibility
for the shattering glass doors from the factual cause of the doors shattering.
For example, if the factual cause of the doors shattering was defective
materials, legal responsibility for the loss would rest with the defendant. In
any event, as with the BCA Code, if this misdirection was the only error which
the adjudicator had made, it would have affected only one out of his six
reasonable doubts. His analysis would still have rested on at least four other
reasonable doubts. Thus, this alleged misdirection, even if established, would
have had no causal connection to the adjudicator’s ultimate determination.

82 The plaintiff’s fourth ground is that the adjudicator breached his duty of
impartiality. The plaintiff put this argument, it appears, in two ways. First,
the plaintiff submits that by not hearing from the parties on the issue of the
standard of persuasion and arriving at a decision adverse to the plaintiff,
the adjudicator displayed a lack of impartiality. I do not accept the
plaintiff’s submission on this point. As far as the process is concerned, as I
have already mentioned, the fact that the adjudicator failed to hear from both
parties on this issue demonstrates his impartiality rather than falsifying it.
And as far as the adverse outcome is concerned, the mere fact that an
adjudicator arrives at a decision which is adverse to a party cannot even
constitute prima facie evidence of a lack of impartiality, at least where the
adjudicator has treated the parties equally in the procedural sense.

83 The second way in which the plaintiff puts the impartiality argument is
that the framework which the adjudicator adopted for his reasoning in the
critical part of his determination – which I have summarised at [40] to [45]
above – suggests that the adjudicator had predetermined the issue of the
shattering glass doors against the plaintiff and was reasoning backwards to
support a predetermined outcome. I reject this argument also. There is no
basis in the adjudicator’s reasoning for suggesting that the adjudicator
lacked impartiality by reason of predetermination.

The unusual features of this case

84 My decision to set aside this adjudication determination must be understood
in the context of the many unusual features of this case. It is unusual for an
adjudicator to fail to hear from both parties to an adjudication application
before arriving at a holding on an issue of law. It is unusual for an
adjudicator to fail to do so because he does not know that he needs assistance
on that issue of law. It is unusual for the parties to agree that they would
have made identical submissions to the adjudicator on that issue of law if he
had solicited submissions before arriving at his holding. And it is unusual to
be able to draw a clear line of causal connection from a breach of natural
justice to an adjudicator’s holding of law, from his holding of law to the
critical path to his decision and through his critical path to his ultimate
determination. If any of those features had been missing in this case, I would
almost certainly not have set aside the determination.

85 Thus, for example, I would not have set the determination aside if the
adjudicator had failed to hear from the parties on the standard of persuasion
but had instead reframed question (a) (see [40] above) as follows: “Is the
defendant prima facie responsible and liable for the shattering shower screen
glass panels?”. In that situation, at least, the adjudicator would have posed
the right question for himself. There would still be a notional breach of
natural justice, but the breach would no longer be causally connected to the
adjudicator’s holding of law. Hearing from the parties could not have made any
difference to his holding. There are then two alternatives approaches which
the adjudicator could have taken. If the adjudicator had gone on in his
determination to adopt the wrong approach to answering the right question –
eg, by looking for reasonable doubts instead of prima facie evidence – that
would still not warrant setting aside the determination. The fact would remain
that there was no causal connection between the breach of natural justice and
his holding of law. The first link in the chain of causation being already
broken, that precludes a causal connection between the breach of natural
justice and his error of approach. If, instead, the adjudicator had gone on to
apply the right approach to answering the right question, in addition to there
being no causal connection between the breach of natural justice and the
adjudicator’s approach, there would also be no prejudice to the plaintiff.

86 By the same token, I would not have set aside the determination if the
adjudicator had heard conflicting submissions from the parties on whether the
standard of persuasion should be persuasion of a prima facie case or
persuasion beyond reasonable doubt and had framed question (a) (see [40]
above) without modification. Given that he had complied with the rules of
natural justice by hearing both parties on this issue of law, and given that
the parties’ submissions to him on the issue conflicted, his holding that the
plaintiff had to satisfy him beyond reasonable doubt rather than simply to
raise a prima facie case would have been nothing more than an error of law.

87 Similarly, I would not have set the determination aside if the adjudicator
had failed to hear from the parties on the standard of persuasion, framed
question (a) (see [40] above) without modification and then analysed the
plaintiff’s evidence positively, searching for a prima facie case, rather than
negatively, searching for reasonable doubts. In that situation, there would
have been a breach of natural justice which was causally connected to the
question which the adjudicator framed for himself. But that would have been an
unusual case where – because the parties are agreed on the standard of
persuasion and because the adjudicator applied that very standard of
persuasion in his analysis despite framing his question in different terms –
the plaintiff would be unable to show that the adjudicator’s decision could
have been different in the counterfactual situation where the adjudicator had
heard the parties on the standard of persuasion.

88 By contrast to the three preceding examples, there is in this case a direct
causal connection running from the breach of natural justice through every
element of the adjudicator’s analysis directly to the outcome of the
determination. Given the unusual features, I have no alternative but to set
the determination aside. If the system of adjudication is to have the
legitimacy necessary to perform the function for which Parliament intended it,
it is essential that stakeholders have confidence in the process. Where an
adjudicator breaches his duty under s 16(3)(c) of the Act to comply with the
principles of natural justice in these circumstances, the breach is not a mere
technicality. It gives rise, in an objective sense, to a legitimate procedural
concern sufficient to engage the court’s supervisory jurisdiction.

89 The framework I have adopted in this judgment mirrors very closely the
circumstances under which a court will set aside an arbitration award for
breach of natural justice under s 24(b) of the International Arbitration Act
(Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”). Resolved to its elements, that provision
requires: (i) a breach of the rules of natural justice to have occurred: (ii)
a connection between the breach and the making of the arbitral award; and
(iii) actual prejudice to the rights of a party going beyond the nominal
prejudice arising from the breach itself.

90 Given that not every breach of an adjudicator’s obligation to comply with
the principles of natural justice under s 16(3)(c) of the Act will result in
his adjudication determination being set aside, and given that the Act
provides no guidance as to when a breach of s 16(3)(c) does warrant setting
aside an adjudication determination, the framework of s 24(b) of the IAA
appears to me to be a useful prima facie approach to see precisely which
breaches of natural justice will have that warrant setting aside an
adjudication determination.

91 The arbitration framework, however, is applicable by analogy rather than
directly. An application to set aside an adjudication determination (or to set
aside an order granting leave to enforce an adjudication determination under s
27 of the Act) is quite different from an application to set aside an
arbitration award in at least two principal ways. First, an application to set
aside an adjudication determination invokes the High Court’s inherent
supervisory jurisdiction at common law over inferior courts and tribunals. An
application to set aside an award in an international or a domestic
arbitration invokes a jurisdiction created and defined by statute. Second, the
purpose of adjudication is to arrive at a determination which carries only
temporary finality. Procedural unfairness in adjudication therefore has no
capacity to affect the parties’ substantive rights and obligations.
Arbitration, on the other hand determines the parties’ rights and obligations
with full finality.

Conclusion

92 For all of the reasons above, I have set aside the adjudication
determination. It follows that the sum of $89,451.95 which the plaintiff paid
into court as a prerequisite for pursuing this application must be released to
the plaintiff. I have also ordered the defendant to pay the plaintiff’s costs
fixed at $8,700 plus reasonable disbursements to be taxed if not agreed.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge

David Ong and Magdalene Ong (David Ong & Co) for the plaintiff;  
Crystal Phuar (Michael Por Law Corporation) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

