Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 193

Suit No 717 of 2012

Between

| Millenia Pte Ltd (formerly known as Pontiac Marina Pte Ltd)  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Dragages Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly known as Dragages et Travaux Publics
(Singapore) Pte Ltd)  
---|---  
(2)| Builders Shop Pte Ltd  
(3)| Meinhardt (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
(4)| Meinhardt Façade Technology (S) Pte Ltd  
(5)| Arup Singapore Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

And

| Arup Singapore Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Third Party

judgment

[Building and Construction Law] — [Contractors’ duties]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Construction torts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Millenia Pte Ltd (formerly known as Pontiac Marina Pte Ltd)

  

v

  

Dragages Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly known as Dragages et Travaux Publics
(Singapore) Pte Ltd) and others

  
(Arup Singapore P

te Ltd, third party)

[2018] SGHC 193

High Court — Suit No 717 of 2012  
Quentin Loh J  
8–11, 15–17, 21–25, 28–30 April; 19 May; 9–11 September, 18–21 November 2014;
6–8, 11–15, 19 May 2015; 14–16 July; 15–18, 22–23, 29–30 September; 1 October
2015; 29 February; 1–4, 10–12 March; 27–30 June; 8 August 2016; 23–24 February
2017

11 September 2018 Judgment reserved.

Quentin Loh J:

1 Centennial Tower (“the Building”), a 35-storey Grade A office building,
stands in the central business district of Singapore. Upon the completion of
the Building in 1997, it was considered “the fastest building structure ever
built in Singapore”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Vol 12 BAEIC, AEIC of Audrey Perez dated 4 March 2014 at para 48(d).

The façade of the Building (“the Façade”) was clad in granite stone panels
(“the Cladding”).

2 On 10 September 2004, some seven years after practical completion of the
Building, a stone panel of significant size and weighing over 100kg (“the 1st
Panel”) fell off the Façade from the 29th storey, and landed near a bus stop
in front of the Building (“the 1st Fall”). In 2006, the owner of the Building
commenced a suit against the main contractor and its subcontractor who had
installed the Cladding for defects in the Cladding. The parties subsequently
settled their dispute by entering into a settlement agreement (“the Settlement
Agreement”) in 2007.

3 However, on 10 February 2011, a second stone panel (“the 2nd Panel”) fell
off the Façade from the 25th storey (“the 2nd Fall”). The debris of the 2nd
Panel injured two passers-by and caused significant property damage.

4 The owner of the Building now brings this action against the main
contractor, its subcontractor, and various engineers who became involved after
the 1st Fall for defects in the Cladding. After the commencement of this suit,
the owner decided to remove the Cladding and replace the same.

5 Unsurprisingly, the case was hard-fought. 31 witnesses were called, of which
15 were witnesses of fact and 16 were expert witnesses on façade, vibrations,
geotechnical engineering, structural dynamics and quantum aspects. Apart from
the breadth and depth of the factual disputes, the present proceedings raise
legal issues pertaining to the compromise of claims under a settlement
agreement and the duty of care in tort in relation to pure economic loss.

6 It was ordered by consent that the trial would be birfurcated, albeit with
one issue relating to quantum – whether the owner is entitled to claim the
cost of a reclad of the Facade – to be determined at the liability stage of
the proceedings. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ORC 1215/2014.

This judgment therefore deals with liability and the issue of whether the
owner is entitled to recover the cost of a reclad of the Façade.

Facts

The parties

7 The plaintiff, Millenia Pte Ltd (“Millenia”), formerly known as Pontiac
Marina Pte Ltd, is a Singapore-incorporated company that was, at all material
times, the owner of the Building. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Vol 1 BAEIC, AEIC of Foo Say Chiang dated 4 March 2014 at para 5.

Lead counsel for Millenia is Mr Davinder Singh SC (“Mr Singh”).

8 The first defendant, Dragages Singapore Pte Ltd (“Dragages”), formerly known
as Dragages et Travaux Publics (Singapore) Pte Ltd, is a Singapore-
incorporated company in the business of designing and constructing high-rise
office buildings. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Vol 12 BAEIC, AEIC of Audrey Perez dated 4 March 2014 at para 3.

Lead counsel for Dragages is Mr Ho Chien Mien (“Mr Ho”).

9 The second defendant, Builders Shop Pte Ltd (“Builders Shop”), is a
Singapore-incorporated company in the business of installing stone panels on
high-rise office buildings. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Millenia’s SOC at para 3; Builders Shop’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment
No 4) (“Builders Shop’s Defence and Counterclaim”) at para 2.

Lead counsel for Builders Shop is Mr Philip Ling.

10 The third defendant, Meinhardt (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Meinhardt Singapore”),
is a Singapore-incorporated company in the business of providing engineering
consulting services in, among other things, civil and structural engineering.
6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Millenia’s SOC at para 4; Meinhardt Singapore’s Defence (Amendment No 2)
(“Meinhardt Singapore’s Defence”) at para 2.

Meinhardt Singapore were the structural engineers for the Building, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Vol 12 BAEIC, AEIC of Audrey Perez dated 4 March 2014 at para 5(e).

although they have not been sued here in that capacity.

11 The fourth defendant, Meinhardt Façade Technology (S) Pte Ltd (“Meinhardt
Façade”), is a Singapore-incorporated company in the business of providing
façade engineering services. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Vol 19 BAEIC, AEIC of Mathieu Serge Meur dated 6 March 2014 at para 5.

I shall refer to Meinhardt Singapore and Meinhardt Façade as “the Meinhardt
Parties”. Lead counsel for the Meinhardt Parties is Mr Philip Jeyaretnam SC
(“Mr Jeyaretnam”)

12 The fifth defendant and third party, Arup Singapore Pte Ltd (“Arup”), is a
Singapore-incorporated company in the business of, inter alia, providing
engineering consulting services in relation to façades. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Millenia’s SOC at para 6; Arup’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1)
(“Arup’s Defence and Counterclaim”) at para 2.

Mr Adrian Tan and Mr Daniel Chia (“Mr Chia”) are lead counsel for Arup.

13 Meinhardt Façade and Arup are two of the largest façade consultants in
Singapore. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Transcript, 10 September 2014, pp 35–36.

The Building and the Cladding

14 By a contract dated 4 December 1995, Millenia engaged Dragages to design
and build a 35-storey office building located at 3 Temasek Avenue, Singapore
039190 for a sum of S$142,044,590 (“the Contract”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Vol 1 BAEIC, AEIC of Foo Say Chiang dated 4 March 2014 at paras 5 and 13; Vol
12 BAEIC, AEIC of Audrey Perez dated 1 April 2014 at paras 34 and 57.

The Contract was a heavily modified version of the Joint Contracts Tribunal
Standard Form of Building Contract with Contractor’s Design (1981), an oft-
used standard form design and build contract. It is not in dispute that the
entire design and construction obligation, and therefore responsibility and
liability, rested on Dragages to design and erect a building that would suit
Millenia’s requirements and purpose. The design life of the Building was 50
years. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, p 53.

15 From a plan view, the Building is an oval-shaped building, much like a
generously shaped oval conference table, with truncated straight ends, except
that the middle and sides contained indented portions for aesthetic reasons
(see the diagram at [357] below).

16 The Façade was clad with a total of approximately 16,277 granite stone
panels. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Vol 1 BAEIC, AEIC of Foo Say Chiang dated 4 March 2014 at para 12.

A typical panel measured 1.6m (in height), 1m (in width) and 30mm (in
thickness), and weighed over 100kg (the largest panels weighed around 140kg).
14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Transcript, 4 March 2016, pp 87–88.

By an agreement dated 11 September 1996, Dragages entered into a domestic
subcontract with Builders Shop (“the Sub-contract”) to supply brackets and
fittings and to install the granite stone panels on the Façade for the sum of
S$1,270,000 (“the Sub-contract Works”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

65AB 51262–51510.

17 The Cladding can be divided into what was referred to as “drops”. The
concept of a drop is based on the operation of the rail-mounted gondola roof
hoist or davit, to which a cradle (“the BMU”) was attached. The BMU could be
positioned at one particular point of the roof and then descend (or ascend)
along a vertical column of the Cladding containing granite panels. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Vol 32 BAEIC, AEIC of Peter Hartog dated 26 February 2014 at PH-1, para 1.17.

A vertical column of panels was referred to as a “drop”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Vol 1 BAEIC, AEIC of Foo Say Chiang dated 4 March 2014 at para 12.

18 In these proceedings, the parties generally adopted a numbering system used
by Arup which divided the Cladding into 80 drops. Each drop covered 34 levels,
and had two rows of four panels per level, except for column drops which had
one row of four panels per level. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Vol 9 BAEIC, AEIC of Yang Li dated 15 January 2014 at LY-02, para 45 (p 30);
Vol 16 BAEIC, AEIC of Firouzeh Maniquis and Peter Lalas dated 15 January 2014
at FP-1, Annex 10, para 2.

Drop 1 started to the right of the Façade above the entrance. The numbering
then moved anti-clockwise around the building until Drop 80, which was to the
left of Drop 1 as one looked at the Building from the entrance (see the
diagram at [357] below).

19 I note that Meinhardt Façade claims it used a different numbering system of
“drops” in its inspection of the Cladding in 2007. This is relevant to the
issue of whether Meinhardt Façade inspected the whole of the Cladding
(excluding eight of the 80 drops) in 2007. I address this at [97]–[101] below.

20 Three main types of bracket systems – types A, B and C brackets – were used
on the Cladding. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
35); 66AB 52130, 52131.

(There were further variants of each type: types A1 and A2, B1–B8 and C1 and
C2.) The standard bracket used was a Type B bracket, which was a U-shaped
bracket with one side of the ‘u’ being longer than the other. The following
diagram shows the design of a Type B bracket: 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Vol 9 BAEIC, AEIC of Yang Li dated 15 January 2014 at LY-02, para 85 (p 47).

![](data:image/png;base64,
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)

21 For this bracket system, panels were generally installed as follows. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

68AB 54341, 54349.

(a) One end, the longer end, of the bracket was attached to the reinforced
concrete wall (“the RC wall”) of the Building with an anchor bolt, nut and a
spring washer. The longer end had a vertical slot cut into it to accommodate
site adjustment in the vertical plane. The spring washer prevented the bracket
from moving downwards. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

68AB 54341, 54348.

(b) A shaft was inserted through the other, shorter end of the bracket, and
secured by a conical bolt and nut which were restrained by washers. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Vol 9 BAEIC, AEIC of Yang Li dated 15 January 2014 at LY-02, para 98 (p 51).

This end of the bracket had a horizontal slot to accommodate site adjustment
along the horizontal plane.

(c) The installation or fixing of the stone panels was generally as follows. A
panel would be rested on the shafts of two brackets along its lower edge. It
would be secured against lateral movement by a pin through each shaft which
protruded into two pre-drilled holes along the lower edge of the panel. This
lower panel was put into position and aligned with the shafts along its upper
edge. When this was accomplished, a pin was then dropped through each of the
holes of those two shafts into pre-drilled holes along the top edge of the
panel, thereby securing the top of that panel against lateral movement. The
pre-drilled holes along the top edge of the panel contained PVC sleeves to
hold the pins more snugly, cutting down excess lateral movement. (By contrast,
the holes along the bottom edge of the panel above did not contain PVC sleeves
but contained epoxy glue. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
26).

) After being dropped into the top edge of the panel, the 70mm pins would
protrude through the hole in the shaft, thereby providing the anchor points
for the next panel to be installed above it. The panel above would then be
lowered into position and placed onto the protruding pins on the shafts along
its lower edge, and the process would be repeated.

22 A thermal insulation layer (not shown in the diagram above) was installed
on the outer face of the RC wall before the Cladding was installed. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Vol 12 BAEIC, AEIC of Audrey Perez dated 4 March 2014 at para 63.

There was thus an insulation layer between the RC wall and the panels.

23 Each panel was subject to forces owing to dead load and wind load. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Vol 9 BAEIC, AEIC of Yang Li dated 15 January 2014 at LY-02, para 80 (p 43).

Dead load refers to the load due to the weight of the panel. Wind load refers
to the load due to wind impact and changes in air pressure. The bracket system
transferred the dead loads and wind loads of the panels back to the RC wall.
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Vol 9 BAEIC, AEIC of Yang Li dated 15 January 2014 at LY-02, para 88 (p 48).

24 In general, each panel was to be supported by two brackets and restrained
by four pins on opposite edges of the panel. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Vol 16 BAEIC, AEIC of Firouzeh Maniquis and Peter Lalas dated 15 January 2014
at FP-1, para 109 (p 27).

Where a Type B bracket was used, the pins were at the top and bottom edges of
the panel. Where a Type A or C bracket was used, the pins were inserted into
the sides of panels. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (pp
12–13).

This “side fixed system” was used for panels near windows, where it was not
easy to fix top pins because the window frames would impede the insertion of
top pins. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Transcript, 22 September 2015, pp 107–108.

25 Most of the pins were “full pins”, 70mm long and 6mm in diameter, and
inserted into 40mm deep pin holes. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
12).

But there were also half pins which were 40mm long and inserted into a single
panel, unlike full pins which spanned two panels. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Vol 9 BAEIC, AEIC of Yang Li dated 15 January 2014 at LY-02, para 165 (p 75).

26 The design specifications provided for movement joints, ie, empty space
between the panels, of 10mm inclusive of a 4mm shaft (at installation). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Joint Expert Report of Façade Experts dated 22 February 2016 at p 4 (S/N 1.4).

Thus, the gap between the bottom of the shaft and the panel below was to be
6mm (at installation). Movement joints ensured that the panels were not
excessively restrained and could expand and contract without loss of
structural integrity. They also prevented panels from weighing on and
transferring their loads onto the panels below (“stacking”).

Background to the dispute

27 I now set out the key events surrounding this dispute. Insofar as these
facts are disputed, the following paragraphs constitute my findings of fact.

Events leading up to the 1st Fall

28 Dragages began the works under the Contract (“the Works”) in January 1996.
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Millenia’s SOC at para 12; Dragages’ Defence at para 8.

29 On 19 September 1997, Millenia, Dragages and Builders Shop executed a deed
of warranty (“the Deed”). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

67AB 52921–52927.

In brief, the Deed provided as follows:

(a) By cll 1–3, Dragages and Builders Shop provided warranties to Millenia for
the Works and Sub-Contract Works (see [407] below). Clause 5 provided that the
warranty period (“the Warranty Period”) was 15 years “from the date of the
latest Written Statement of Practical Completion” under the Contract (“the
Written Statement”). Since the Written Statement was issued on 27 September
1997 (see [30] below), the Warranty Period was 27 September 1997 to 26
September 2012.

(b) Clause 6 of the Deed provided that if the Works or Sub-contract Works were
discovered to be damaged or defective, or a breach of the warranties in the
Deed were discovered, Millenia would be entitled to issue a notice to Dragages
and Builders Shop directing them to effect remedial and replacement work and
to make good defects or damage. Under cl 8, if Dragages and/or Builders Shop
failed to perform their duties under cl 6, Millenia would be entitled to
remedy the defects and Dragages and Builders Shop would be obliged to
indemnify Millenia for the expenses it incurred in making good the defects.

30 Millenia subsequently issued the Written Statement certifying that on 27
September 1997, with the exception of items listed in appendices, the Works
had been completed. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

67AB 53005–53012.

This was the date of practical completion. In due course, tenants moved into
and occupied the Building.

The 1st Fall and subsequent events

31 On 10 September 2004 at 4.35pm, the 1st Panel suddenly fell from the 29th
storey of the Building. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

67AB 53397–53400.

The panel was identified as panel 26 on drop 21. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Vol 32 BAEIC, AEIC of Peter Hartog dated 26 February 2014 at PH-1, Annex 11,
para 3 (p 771).

It was one of four panels between the 29th and 30th storey (the panels were
numbered from the top). In the course of falling down, the 1st Panel damaged
panels 28 and 29 on drop 21. The 1st Panel landed near a bus stop. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

67AB 53473.

Fortunately, there was no one in the vicinity and thus no one was injured.

32 By a letter to Millenia dated 13 September 2004, the Building and
Construction Authority (“the BCA”) stated that “the conditions of the building
are likely to be dangerous”. The BCA ordered Millenia to engage a professional
engineer (“PE”) to prepare an investigation report, to be submitted within
four weeks, on the cause of the 1st Fall. The report was to include “a
detailed assessment of the conditions of the remaining cladding”. Millenia was
also to submit a proposal for rectification works as recommended by the PE
within six weeks. I will refer to this order from the BCA as “the 1st BCA
Order”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

67AB 53478–53479.

33 Millenia appointed Arup as its PE by a letter dated 27 September 2004 (the
“2004 Appointment Letter”), 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

68AB 53901–53927.

which enclosed Arup’s proposal to Millenia (the “2004 Proposal”) and a letter
of undertaking by Arup (the “2004 Letter of Undertaking”). These three
documents formed the contract between Millenia and Arup (the “2004 Contract”).
In gist, under the 2004 Contract, Arup agreed to investigate the 1st Fall and
the integrity of the Cladding, and to then produce two reports: an interim
report to meet the BCA’s requirements (see [32] above) and a final report
containing inspection results, Arup’s assessment of the Façade and advice on
remedial works and future action (see [583(b)] below). Arup contracted to
perform these services for a fixed fee of $101,000. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

68AB 53901, 53921.

(1) Action taken by Dragages after the 1st Fall

34 To fully appreciate the disputes between the parties, it is important to
bear in mind certain actions taken by Dragages after the 1st Fall. One person
played a leading role in the events that were to unfold: Ms Audrey Perez (“Ms
Perez”), the Head of Department, Corporate Quality, Safety, Environment and
Maintenance of Dragages. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Vol 12 BAEIC, AEIC of Audrey Perez dated 4 March 2014 at para 1.

Ms Perez was in charge of, among other things, managing Dragages’ legal
exposure to claims. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript, 24 April 2014, pp 134 and 139.

Significantly, she admitted that in the immediate aftermath of the 1st Fall,
the prospect of Dragages’ liability to Millenia crossed her mind, and it also
crossed her mind that she should protect Dragages’ legal interests, because
that was part of her job. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Transcript, 24 April 2014, pp 139–140.

35 I digress from the narrative to say more about Ms Perez. Her hand is seen
in much of what was to follow after the 1st Fall. She was the sole witness of
fact called by Dragages – notwithstanding that others, in particular Mr
Cillius Adrianto (“Mr Adrianto”), were involved in the events that I recount
below, and were still employed by Dragages at the time of the trial. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Transcript, 24 April 2014, pp 117–118.

I found Ms Perez to be an intelligent person with powerful powers of
persuasion. As will become clear, she wielded a not insignificant influence
over Builders Shop and Meinhardt Façade; Ms Perez testified that she had “very
good relation[s] with [her] consultant, contractor and any business partners”.
47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript, 24 April 2014, p 80.

I note the following in relation to Ms Perez’s influence over Builders Shop
and Meinhardt Façade:

(a) In relation to Builders Shop, Mr Tan Kay Sing (“Mr Tan”), the managing
director of Builders Shop until April 2009, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Vol 18 BAEIC, AEIC of Tan Kay Sing dated 26 February 2014 at paras 1–2.

and the project director for the Sub-contract Works, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript, 18 November 2014, p 28; 65AB 51233, 51234.

testified that after receiving a letter from Millenia dated 26 October 2004,
he left the matter of Millenia’s claims against Builders Shop in the hands of
Ms Perez. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript, 18 November 2014, pp 76–77.

After Millenia sued Dragages and Builders Shop (see [61] below), he also left
it to Dragages to (1) decide how to respond to the suit on the basis that
Builders Shop would follow Dragages’ position and (2) subsequently, to
negotiate the Settlement Agreement with Millenia on Builders Shop’s behalf. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript, 19 November 2014, pp 11–12.

Finally, Mr Tan left the implementation of the Settlement Agreement to Ms
Perez in the sense that he complied with her instructions. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript, 19 November 2014, p 27.

Dragages did not challenge Mr Tan’s evidence and I accept it accordingly.

(b) In relation to Meinhardt Façade, Ms Perez became friends, sometime after
2005, with Mr Mathieu Serge Meur (“Mr Meur”), the managing director of
Meinhardt Façade (see [59] and [133] below). According to her, in a discussion
about the Building, Mr Meur promised to “help her [till] the end” and that “he
would not let [her] down”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Transcript, 24 April 2014, p 83.

36 The evidence shows that Ms Perez was willing to mould the truth to protect
Dragages’ legal interests. I will give but two examples:

(a) In a letter to Millenia dated 28 September 2004 (see [44(a)] below), Ms
Perez stated that Maxbond, an adhesive, had been applied to the Façade “under
the supervision of our PE” [emphasis added]. She admitted at trial that the PE
was not in attendance when Maxbond was applied to the Façade; nor did he even
know where it had been applied. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript, 25 April 2014, p 145.

(b) In a letter to Millenia dated 16 November 2004, Ms Perez stated that there
was “no basis for claiming that [infill panels] were installed in a manner
which were in breach of our obligations”. Infill panels were panels that were
installed out of the usual sequence because they were located at a point of
tie back for the hoist used to install the panels. Both the 1st and the 2nd
Panels were infill panels. Ms Perez also stated in this letter that the use of
epoxy to install infill panels was “part of the method of installing
replacement panels”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

69AB 54508–54510.

Yet she admitted that she knew, as of the date of this letter, that (1) the
1st Panel had not been installed in accordance with the design and
specifications and (2) epoxy did not form part of the method of installing
replacement panels. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcript, 29 April 2014, pp 11–14.

I therefore find that these two statements made by Ms Perez in this letter
were false.

37 I now turn to my assessment of Ms Perez as a witness. I note that English
was not her first language: 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript, 24 April 2014, p 109.

Ms Perez was French, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Vol 12 BAEIC, AEIC of Audrey Perez dated 4 March 2014 at AP-3 (p 431).

as was Mr Meur. However, Mr Singh tendered three articles which Ms Perez had
written on various aspects of construction law which demonstrated her
impressive command of the English language. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

P1–P3; Transcript, 25 April 2014, pp 11–17.

Ms Perez also agreed that she had obtained a graduate certificate in
international arbitration from the National University of Singapore, in 2007,
60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Vol 12 BAEIC, AEIC of Audrey Perez dated 4 March 2014 at AP-3 (p 431).

and took a module on contract, tort and evidence. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Transcript, 25 April 2014, p 22.

It was thus evident that Ms Perez had a strong command of English and various
aspects of the law.

38 In this light, I found some of Ms Perez’s answers, to say the least,
difficult to understand. I will give just two out of many examples:

(a) First, in an email to Millenia dated 12 February 2009, Ms Perez stated
that “Meinhardt ha[s] the full liability for the repair works” (see [121(b)]
below). When cross-examined by Mr Jeyaretnam on why she had stated this, Ms
Perez said that “liability” was “maybe … not the correct word … an
overstatement, knowing better now what ‘liability’ means” [emphasis added]. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Transcript, 24 April 2014, p 56.

The suggestion was that she did not know at the time of the email what
liability meant. Yet by the time of this email in 2009, Ms Perez had obtained
her graduate certificate in international arbitration (see [37] above). She
must have known what liability meant. Upon cross-examination by Mr Singh, she
admitted this. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Transcript, 19 May 2014, p 19.

Mr Singh suggested, and I accept, that Ms Perez was seeking to reassure
Millenia about the rectification works performed under the Settlement
Agreement (“the Rectification Works”) by alluding to the potential liability
of Meinhardt (Façade) to Millenia. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Transcript, 19 May 2014, p 20.

Notably, Ms Perez admitted that this email was not copied to Mr Meur or Mr Ong
Ching Pau (“Mr Ong”) of Meinhardt Façade and they would not have been aware of
this email. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Transcript, 24 April 2014, pp 59–60.

(b) Secondly, when cross-examined about her statement in her letter dated 28
September 2004 that Maxbond was applied to the Façade under the supervision of
Dragages’ PE (see [36(a)] above), Ms Perez maintained that the statement was
true. She claimed there had been “supervision” because the engineer opined on
the appropriateness of applying Maxbond to the Façade. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Transcript, 25 April 2014, pp 145–146.

Ms Perez was frequently evasive in her answers and I had to intervene in
cross-examination on several occasions to get her answers to the questions on
record. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Transcript, 29 April 2014, p 14; Transcript, 19 May 2014, p 71; Transcript, 9
September 2014, p 34; Transcript, 10 September 2014, p 53.

Altogether, I did not find her to be a credible witness. I was therefore
unable to accept her evidence on most points.

39 I now return to the narrative. On 10 September 2004, after the 1st Fall,
Dragages contacted Mr Lauw Su Wee (“Mr Lauw”) and asked him to inspect the
Façade and prepare a report. Mr Lauw was a PE engaged by Dragages who had
engineered, verified and certified the bracketing system for the Cladding. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Transcript, 25 April 2014, pp 31–32.

It is evident, therefore, that he was not an entirely independent expert. Ms
Perez admitted that at the time of the trial, Dragages was continuing to work
with Mr Lauw. However, Dragages did not call Mr Lauw as a witness. Nor did it
produce correspondence between itself and Mr Lauw in September 2004, although
Millenia requested for discovery of such documents. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Transcript, 25 April 2014, pp 62 and 81–82.

40 On 11 September 2004, Mr Lauw inspected the elevation from which the 1st
Panel had fallen during the afternoon. He then prepared a report issued on 27
September 2004 (“Mr Lauw’s Report”), 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

68AB 53928–53965.

where he stated the following:

(a) First, he noted that the 1st Panel had not been restrained with top pins.
Instead, epoxy was used to bond it to the panel above it. This was “an
alternative method of securing such panels by stone cladding installers in
Singapore”. The 1st Fall “was not caused by the deficiency in design or
installation of the mechanical supporting system”.

(b) Secondly, Mr Lauw stated that the method of installation used for the 1st
Panel was also used for other panels that were installed out of sequence, ie,
for other “infill panels” (see [36(b)] above).

(c) Thirdly, he noted four possible causes of the 1st Fall: prolonged exposure
to weathering and turbulence caused by wind, impacts from gondolas used to
clean walls and the Façade, vibrations from tremors from Sumatra and
vibrations from nearby construction activities. Hence, according to Mr Lauw,
the cause of the 1st Fall was an external factor or a combination of external
factors. There was no suggestion that the 1st Fall was caused by defective
workmanship.

41 More specifically, Mr Lauw’s Report did not suggest that the primary cause
of the 1st Fall was the use of epoxy rather than pins to restrain the 1st
Panel. The report did not suggest there was anything inappropriate about this
“alternative method of securing [stone] panels” (see [40(a)] above). Mr Stuart
Clarke of Arup (“Mr Clarke”) opined that as a PE, Mr Lauw should have come to
the same conclusion as Arup: the main cause of the 1st Fall was the use of
epoxy, instead of pins, to restrain the 1st Panel (see [47(b)] below). The
parties do not dispute this in these proceedings (see [48] below). Mr Clarke’s
evidence, which I accept, was that Mr Lauw’s Report was “drafted from the
perspective of laying blame elsewhere”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Transcript, 11 May 2015, pp 3–4.

Notably, Ms Perez stated that she had discussions with Mr Lauw after he
inspected the Façade and before he produced his report. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Transcript, 25 April 2014, p 61.

It is evident why Dragages did not call Mr Lauw even though it put his report
into the evidence. His report was indefensible on almost all counts.

42 On 12 September 2004, Dragages agreed to carry out an inspection of the
Façade, which began on that date and concluded on 22 September 2004. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Vol 12 BAEIC, AEIC of Audrey Perez dated 4 March 2014 at paras 160(1) and 162.

Dragages engaged Mr David Rodrigues (“Mr Rodrigues”), a “specialist granite
installer”, who reported directly to Ms Perez, to perform the inspection. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Transcript, 25 April 2014, pp 99–101.

Ms Perez instructed Mr Rodrigues to apply Maxbond (see [36(a)] above) to “any
stone or anything in the granite fixing that [looked] suspicious or that
[required] further investigation”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Transcript, 25 April 2014, p 135.

Ms Perez asserted during cross-examination that the purpose of the inspection
was not to identify defects in the Cladding, but to ensure the Façade would be
safe in the short term to allow a thorough investigation of the Cladding to be
performed. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Transcript, 25 April 2014, pp 127–128 and 134.

She therefore instructed Mr Rodrigues to apply Maxbond as a temporary fixing.

43 The application of Maxbond to the Cladding is a point of controversy.
Millenia claims it did not know of or agree to the application of Maxbond, and
that Dragages applied Maxbond to cover up defects in the Cladding. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 38–39.

Dragages denies this, alleging that Millenia agreed to the use of Maxbond, and
that it was applied for the sole purpose of ensuring the safety of the Façade.
78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Dragages’ reply submissions at para 85.

I have my suspicions about the application of Maxbond in view of the following
points:

(a) First, I find that Maxbond had the effect of hampering the identification
of defects in the Cladding.

(b) Secondly, I do not accept Ms Perez’s account of the purpose of the
inspection (see [42] above). I find, based on the minutes of a meeting on 16
September 2004, that Millenia had requested, and Dragages had agreed to, an
inspection that would identify defects in the Cladding. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

67AB 53574–53575; Transcript, 25 April 2014, pp 132–133.

(c) Thirdly, Mr Rodrigues did not take any notes or photographs during his
inspection of the Cladding. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Transcript, 25 April 2014, p 100.

I find this strange. A panel had fallen off the Building. Mr Rodrigues was
applying Maxbond to panels he considered presented a safety risk. In the
circumstances, it would have been logical to note down, at least, the panels
to which Maxbond was applied. Ms Perez could not satisfactorily explain why
this was not done. She initially said that Mr Rodrigues had no time to take
notes: he was required to inspect the 80 drops within a very short time. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Transcript, 25 April 2014, p 128.

Mr Singh then brought Ms Perez to her letter to Millenia dated 28 September
2004, where she gave a different explanation why Dragages did not have records
of panels to which Maxbond was applied, viz, Millenia had not asked for such
records. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

68AB 54079–54080; Transcript, 29 April 2014, pp 116–118.

Ms Perez could not explain this discrepancy.

These points clearly raise questions about why Maxbond was applied to the
Façade. If I had to make a finding, I would find that Dragages applied Maxbond
to make it very difficult to identify defects in the Cladding without first
removing the Maxbond.

44 I note further that Ms Perez did not tell the whole truth, in two respects,
in her letter to Millenia dated 28 September 2004:

(a) Ms Perez stated in this letter that Maxbond was applied “under the
supervision of our PE”. This was untrue (see [36(a)] above).

(b) Ms Perez also stated that Dragages found all of the stone panels on the
Façade to be “firmly secured without risk of dislodging”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

68AB 54079.

This statement gives the impression that Dragages did not find any panels that
were at risk of falling, whereas the truth was that there were some panels
that presented a safety risk thus necessitating the application of Maxbond. I
brought this to Ms Perez’s attention during the trial. She admitted that she
understood the difference between what she conveyed and what Dragages in fact
discovered in the inspection of the Façade. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Transcript, 25 April 2014, pp 157–158.

45 The picture which emerges is this, and I so find. In September 2004, after
inspecting the Façade, Dragages was less than candid with Millenia about the
state of the Cladding. Dragages took this approach out of concern of its
potential liability to Millenia. As I have noted, Ms Perez agreed that she had
Dragages’ potential liability to Millenia in mind after the 1st Fall occurred
(see [34] above).

(2) Arup’s 2004 Reports

46 In 2004, Arup issued two reports on the Cladding (the “1st 2004 Report” and
the “2nd 2004 Report” respectively and the “2004 Reports” collectively).

(A) Arup’s 1st 2004 Report

47 On 28 October 2004, Arup issued the 1st 2004 Report. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

68AB 54341–54357.

Arup made the following observations regarding the 1st Panel and the 1st Fall:

(a) The 1st Panel was an infill panel (see [36(b)] above).

(b) Critically, the 1st Panel did not have pins fixed into its top edge. From
inspection, it appeared that the 1st Panel was placed on the lower brackets
with pins used to provide the lateral support but the top pins, which were
crucial to restrain the panel from rotating or moving forwards and falling
off, were not installed. Instead, a half pin had been welded to the shaft and
used to restrain the panel above, while epoxy resin was used to bond the top
of the 1st Panel to the brackets supporting the panel above. This method of
restraining the panel was, according to Arup, “wholly inappropriate”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

68AB 54341, 54347.

The epoxy had come cleanly away from the top edge of the 1st Panel. This could
have been due to:

(i) the panel’s lower brackets moving downwards over time;

(ii) repeated thermal expansion and contraction; and

(iii) vibrations from the nearby Mass Rapid Transit (“MRT”) construction site.
(In this regard, I note that when the 1st Fall occurred, the Circle Line works
for Promenade Station (“the Circle Line Works”) were in progress. The Circle
Line Works took place from around 2003 to 2008. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Vol 12 BAEIC, AEIC of Audrey Perez dated 4 March 2014 at para 670.

)

Of these factors, the most likely cause of the failure of the epoxy was factor
(i). 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

68AB 54341, 54344.

Nonetheless, according to Arup, regardless of what was “the deciding or
catalytic factor”, the 1st Fall would not have occurred if the panel had been
properly installed and/or restrained.

(c) Arup also observed that the lower bracket pins of the 1st Panel were “bent
outwards due to a prying action of a rotating panel about its bottom edge”. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

68AB 54341, 54353.

Arup noted that once the bond between the epoxy and the stone had failed, the
1st Panel would have been in a state of unstable equilibrium and could have
rotated inwards or outwards. Arup concluded that the lower pins had been bent
outwards as the 1st Panel rotated outwards before falling from the Cladding.

48 The parties do not dispute the conclusions in Arup’s 1st 2004 Report, ie,
that the critical reason why the 1st Panel fell was that it was not installed
with two top pins. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Dragages’ reply submissions at para 53; Meinhardt Façade’s closing submissions
at para 563.

According to Mr Peter Lalas (“Mr Lalas”), Dragages’ façade expert, the method
used to install the 1st Panel was “outrageous and not acceptable”. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Transcript, 28 June 2016, p 57.

I could not agree more.

49 The key recommendation proposed in Arup’s 1st 2004 Report was the
rectification of all the infill panels. The basis of this recommendation was
the hypothesis that all infill panels had been installed without their top
pins like the 1st Panel. Arup arrived at this hypothesis in the following way.
Arup noted that the “as built details and calculations provided that the
design was signed off without the provision of details for [infill] panels to
be installed.” 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

68AB 54341, 68AB 54344.

In other words, Arup could not find, within the documentation provided, any
strategy or method statement for dealing with infill panels. Arup then
observed that based on the documentation it had reviewed, it would not have
been possible to install infill panels with top pins. This was because when an
infill panel was installed, the panel and bracket above the panel would
already have been installed. It would thus have been impossible to drop a pin
into the top of the infill panel, in accordance with the usual method of
installing panels (see [21(c)] above).

50 I pause here to note that Dragages challenges Arup’s hypothesis that all
infill panels were installed without top pins. According to Dragages, apart
from the 1st Panel, infill panels were installed with top pins using a “drop-
pin” method. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Vol 12 BAEIC, AEIC of Audrey Perez dated 4 March 2014 at para 73.

This involved inserting full pins into the lower pin holes of the panel above
the infill panel, which had been specially drilled twice as deep as was
typical to accommodate the insertion of the full pins within the pin holes.
The full pins were then held within the specially drilled deeper pin holes
with masking tape. Once the infill panel was set in position, the masking tape
was removed and the pins would drop into the top pin holes of the infill
panel. Having considered the evidence, I accept Dragages’ submission. The key
reason is that no other panel was found installed without top pins over the
course of several inspections of the Cladding. I elaborate on this at [388]
below. The hypothesis advanced in Arup’s 1st 2004 Report was thus incorrect.
However, Arup could hardly be blamed for this for two reasons. First, the 1st
Panel was not secured by two top pins as required by the design and, as noted
above, Arup had not found documentation, drawings or method statements for the
securing of infill panels. Secondly, the theory that infill panels were
installed without top pins was advanced in Mr Lauw’s Report, ie, the report by
the PE who had engineered, verified and certified the brackets (see [39]
above), which was issued on 27 September 2004, ie, before Arup’s 1st 2004
Report (see [40(b)] above). I note that during the trial, I was not shown any
documentation, drawings or method statements issued during the construction of
the Building dealing with infill panels or Dragages’ “drop-pin” method.

51 Apart from its observations in relation to the 1st Panel and infill panels,
Arup also made the following points regarding the Cladding: 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

68AB 54341, 54353–54355.

(a) Arup noted that the joint widths between stone panels varied tremendously
throughout the Façade. Arup was concerned that this was a sign that the spring
washers that were supposed to provide friction between the brackets and the RC
wall were not serving their intended purpose, thus allowing brackets to slide
downwards (see [21(a)] above).

(b) Arup recorded its observations of deviations from the design of the
Building. These included the use of galvanised or standard mild steel washers
instead of stainless steel washers, brackets being installed at 90 or 180
degrees to their intended orientation, foreign objects in joints, the spalling
of panels, hairline cracks and the loosening of shafts.

(c) Arup noted that repairs had been performed to some panels, by attaching
the corners of some panels with epoxy to other panels. Arup assumed that this
had been brought to the attention of Millenia’s consultants and that the
repairs were approved. However, Arup had not seen any evidence to confirm
this.

(d) Arup observed that hard metal spacers installed between panels had
transmitted (dead) load from some panels to other panels, causing the stone of
the latter panels to fracture and spall. The spalling was “a serious issue
when located at the position of the pins”, because it reduced the capacity of
the stone to withstand the necessary applied loads. Further, there were
instances where the inside surface of the panel had spalled or had been
chipped at the position of the pin. Arup noted that this was a serious issue
because if the stone behind the pin was not intact, the panel would not be
able to withstand suction loads adequately. If, therefore, a lateral force
acted on the panel outwards from the Building, the affected pin or pins may
not have been able to restrain the panel from falling off the Façade. If only
one top pin was so affected, then there would only be one top pin providing
that important restraint.

(e) Arup also noted the following:

(i) visible hairline cracks on some stone panels;

(ii) some nuts that should have been securing shafts had become loose, thus
allowing some panels at these locations to move outwards; and

(iii) the PVC sleeves to be inserted into the holes along the top edge of
panels had been omitted in several instances. Consequently, certain panels
rattled and felt loose.

(f) Arup also noted that many brackets they observed relied on “post-drilled
anchors” rather than “cast-in anchors”. In other words, holes had been drilled
into the RC wall on site to accommodate the anchor bolts. Arup hypothesised
that the expected tolerance of the cast-in sockets for fixing the anchor bolts
had not been achieved. Holes had therefore been drilled into the RC wall for
the anchor bolts. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

68AB 54341, 54349.

(g) Arup noted that the design of the bracketing system was in general “well
above average” and “sophisticated”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

68AB 54341, 54344, 54349.

52 Arup’s 1st 2004 Report also mentioned vibration readings taken by the Land
Transport Authority (“the LTA”) from instruments placed in the Building. As I
have noted, the Circle Line Works to Promenade Station were in progress at the
time of the 1st Fall (see [47(b)(iii)] above). Arup stated that further
analysis would have to be done once further data from the LTA was provided.
Arup also noted anecdotal reports from building occupants that they could feel
vibrations from the adjacent excavation works.

53 Arup’s 1st 2004 Report was sent to Dragages. In her letter to Millenia
dated 16 November 2004, Ms Perez made the two statements noted above which I
have found were false (see [36(b)] above).

(B) Arup’s 2nd 2004 Report

54 On 28 December 2004, Arup issued its 2nd 2004 Report. The report was based
on eight drops which it inspected, 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

69AB 54885–55171.

viz, drops 17, 21, 38, 46, 57, 61, 78 and 80 (“the 8 Drops”). 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Vol 32 BAEIC, AEIC of Peter Hartog dated 26 February 2014 at PH-1, Annex 11,
para 4 (pp 771–772).

Arup stated that “the installed stone cladding system is of a high quality in
terms of materials and design”; however, the onsite implementation of the
system was not in complete agreement with the design. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

69AB 54885, 54889.

The issues arising from the deviation from the design ranged in severity from
insignificant to critical and there were a range of rectification procedures
that Arup recommended. Arup listed 17 items for rectification of differing
severity (16 of these items were “noted deviations from the design condition”,
and the remaining item pertained to the application of Maxbond):

(a) Five were of high severity: local spalling of stone panels at pin
locations, loosening of shafts, brackets where a welded strap or stiffener
connecting the U-shaped portion of the bracket (not shown in the diagram at
[20] above) had broken, stacking of stones, and issues regarding the
configuration of fixings to stone (it was unclear whether some pins were
restraining some panels: see [55(a)] below).

(b) One was of low to high severity: namely, hairline cracks in stones. Arup
recommended a full investigation to establish the integrity of the stone
panels.

(c) Three were of medium severity: incorrect washers at conical bolts (some of
which were beginning to corrode), certain repairs to stone panels (Arup noted
that certain panels had to be replaced) and the application of Maxbond to the
panels.

(d) Two were of medium to low severity: brackets that were incorrectly
installed and built up stone sections to be replaced.

(e) Five were of low severity: spacers in joints, missing PVC sleeves, fungal
growth on panels, staining of panels and debris at flashing.

55 In Arup’s 2nd 2004 Report, apart from the observations made in its 1st 2004
Report (see [51] above), Arup noted the presence of brackets with broken
straps and stacking of panels and two further matters:

(a) First, some fixings had pins running between panels that did not connect
to the shaft and therefore did not appear to have lateral restraints from the
RC wall. Epoxy was covering the end of the shafts at these locations so Arup
could not ascertain if there were actually pins at these locations or if there
was only epoxy providing lateral restraint. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

69AB 54885, 54897.

(b) Secondly, Dragages had, in the course of their inspection after the 1st
Fall, applied Maxbond to panels that were reportedly of concern (see [42]
above). Arup did not know the reason for this but stated that Maxbond would
not be acceptable without further justification if it were meant to be a
permanent remedy. Arup noted that Maxbond was “best used as a filler and not
for adhesion”. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

69AB 54885, 54897.

Arup noted in particular that Maxbond had been applied to a panel with a crack
or chip near a pin. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

69AB 54930–54931

Arup observed that this “in engineering terms is not considered to be a proper
and permanent solution to the mechanical defects”.

56 Arup also observed that “it was not unreasonable to suggest that the
remaining parts of the [Building] also have issues similar to the issues
[noted in the 2nd 2004 Report]”, and that “[t]he possibility of other issues
can also not be ruled out within these un-inspected zones”. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

69AB 54901.

57 Another aspect bears mention. Arup’s 2nd 2004 Report made no mention of the
vibrations from the Circle Line Works. Similarly, in a subsequent report by
Arup including rectification proposals for infill panels dated January 2005,
104

##### Foot Note 104

×

70AB 55621–55637.

no reference was made to vibrations. Mr Chin Tze Kiang (“Mr Chin”), one of
Arup’s witnesses, explained this as follows: 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Transcript, 14 July 2015, pp 50–55.

(a) After Arup raised the issue of vibrations in the 1st 2004 Report, Millenia
requested the LTA to provide records of vibrations. Arup then reviewed the
records and concluded that there was little evidence of any vibrations
exceeding the threshold beyond which damage would have been caused to the
Building. Arup concluded that vibrations were “not an issue”: it was “too
highly improbable” that vibrations were a cause of the 1st Fall.

(b) Mr Chin added that after inspecting the Building, Arup inspected Millenia
Tower. Millenia Tower is located very close to the Building and was also
constructed by Dragages, using the same type of granite and the same fixings.
106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Transcript, 23 April 2014, p 71; Transcript, 14 July 2015, p 54; Transcript,
16 September 2015, p 8.

Arup found no defects on Millenia Tower and noted that the quality of the
works to Millenia Tower were “far better”. Arup therefore concluded that
vibrations did not cause the defects.

These two pieces of evidence – the vibration records and the absence of
defects on Millenia Tower – are of critical importance to the issue of the
cause of the defects. I elaborate on these points below (see [336]–[350]
below).

(3) The engagement of Meinhardt Façade in 2005

58 In January 2005, Millenia sent Arup’s 2nd 2004 Report to Dragages, and
Dragages subsequently sent the report to Builders Shop. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

70AB 55770–56000.

59 In early 2005, Builders Shop contacted Mr Meur of Meinhardt Façade,
apprised him of the events surrounding the 1st Fall, and indicated that it
wished to appoint Meinhardt Façade to review and respond to Arup’s 2004
Reports. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Vol 19 BAEIC, AEIC of Mathieu Serge Meur dated 6 March 2014 at para 2.

Builders Shop engaged Meinhardt Façade in April 2005. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Vol 19 BAEIC, AEIC of Mathieu Serge Meur dated 6 March 2014 at paras 7–8.

Sometime thereafter, Mr Meur met Ms Perez for the first time. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Transcript, 7 May 2015, p 114.

Subsequently, they became friends.

60 Meinhardt Façade produced two method statements pursuant to its engagement
by Builders Shop: 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Vol 19 BAEIC, AEIC of Mathieu Serge Meur dated 6 March 2014 at para 18; 71AB
56086–56122; 71AB56525–56538.

(a) The first method statement was for the replacement of the 1st Panel and
the two panels damaged during the 1st Fall (see [31] above). This was
subsequently approved, and the 1st Panel and two damaged panels were replaced
on or around 20 August 2005. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Vol 12 BAEIC, AEIC of Audrey Perez dated 4 March 2014 at para 266.

(b) The second method statement pertained to various issues raised by Arup in
its 2004 Reports, including rusting washers, spacers between joints, spalling
of panels, cracks on panels, and the stacking of panels.

(4) The commencement of Suit 480 and subsequent events

61 Unsurprisingly, disputes arose between Millenia, Dragages and Builders Shop
over the state of the Façade, whether there were defects in the first place,
and even if so, whose responsibility it was to rectify them. The parties
sought to resolve their disputes amicably and began to negotiate a settlement
agreement from around September 2005. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Vol 12 BAEIC, AEIC of Audrey Perez dated 4 March 2014 at para 267.

However, the parties were unable to resolve their disputes at this stage. On
27 July 2006, Millenia commenced proceedings against Dragages and Builders
Shop in Suit No 480 of 2006 (“Suit 480”). 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

72AB 57340–57358.

In Suit 480, Millenia alleged that Dragages and Builders Shop had breached the
warranties in the Deed, and sought specific performance of the Deed (and in
the alternative, damages to be assessed) and a mandatory injunction for
Dragages and Builders Shop to carry out rectification works to the Cladding.

62 In December 2006, Millenia engaged Arup to conduct a non-destructive
inspection of approximately 48 to 55 drops of the Building. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Vol 24 BAEIC, AEIC of Chin Tze Kiang dated 28 February 2014 at para 103; 72AB
57471–57484.

By 30 March 2007, Arup had inspected a total of 20 drops: drops 22–36 and
41–45. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

73AB 57994–57998.

63 In December 2006, Millenia also engaged Earth Arts Pte Ltd (“Earth Arts”)
to re-inspect the 8 Drops and to perform temporary restraining works to panels
that Earth Arts assessed to be at a high risk of failing. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Vol 24 BAEIC, AEIC of Chin Tze Kiang dated 28 February 2014 at paras 105 and
108; 72AB 57456.

In total, Earth Arts performed restraining works to a total of 46 panels. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

74AB 58481–58598.

Events surrounding the Settlement Agreement

(1) Events leading up to the Settlement Agreement

64 In early 2007, Ms Perez informed Mr Meur that Millenia, Dragages and
Builders Shop had agreed on the terms of a settlement agreement. According to
Mr Meur, he understood from his discussion with Ms Perez that as part of the
Settlement Agreement, Meinhardt Façade was to do the following: 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Vol 19 BAEIC, AEIC of Mathieu Serge Meur dated 6 March 2014 at paras 29–30.

(a) First, Meinhardt Façade was to inspect the Façade, excluding the 8 Drops
that Arup had inspected in 2004 (see [54] above). Specifically, the Inspection
would cover drops 1–16, 22–37, 41–56 and 62–77.

(b) Secondly, Meinhardt Façade was to prepare a report summarising its
findings and proposing rectification methods for the defects it found.
Additionally, Meinhardt Façade was to advise on any area of the Façade which
represented a significant safety risk and to outline temporary measures that
would make the Façade safe.

Importantly, an inspection of the Rectification Works was not part of the
scope of works outlined by Ms Perez.

65 I pause here to note why Meinhardt Façade came to have a role under the
Settlement Agreement. According to Ms Perez, she considered that Arup had
behaved in an “irrational and utterly irresponsible” manner in its dealings
with Dragages after the 1st Fall. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Vol 12 BAEIC, AEIC of Audrey Perez dated 4 March 2014 at para 335.

She desired a settlement of the disputes in Suit 480, and was agreeable, to
that end, to Dragages rectifying defects in the Cladding. But she was
concerned that Arup, as Millenia’s consultant, would be the sole judge of
“technical matters”, ie, what the defects were and how they were to be
rectified. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Transcript, 24 April 2014, p 65.

She wanted a third party to play a “counterbalancing” role vis-à-vis Arup, “to
keep the reasonableness going”. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Transcript, 24 April 2014, p 67.

The reason for Ms Perez’s appointment of Meinhardt Façade was that she had
dealt with Meinhardt Façade, and Mr Meur in particular, since 2005 and was
thus comfortable with Meinhardt Façade. As we shall see below, she also
wielded considerable influence over Mr Meur.

66 Meinhardt Façade then prepared a fee proposal dated 20 April 2007 for the
works that Dragages had requested (“the April 2007 Proposal”). 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

73AB 58021–58027.

I note the following two pertinent aspects of the April 2007 Proposal:

(a) Meinhardt Façade proposed two options. The first involved an inspection of
30% of the Façade. The second involved an inspection of the entire Façade
excluding the 8 Drops, and would be adopted if the 30% inspection did not
yield enough information. Notably, Meinhardt Façade stated that the full
inspection would take around four months to complete. The same four-month
timeline was repeated in the proposal that was eventually accepted (see [67]
below).

(b) Meinhardt Façade quoted a fee of $95,000 for the first option (ie, on the
basis that a 30% inspection would be conducted) and a fee of $212,000 for the
second option (ie, on the basis that a full inspection of the Façade excluding
the 8 Drops would be conducted).

67 However, after discussions between Mr Meur and Ms Perez, Meinhardt Façade
prepared a revised fee proposal dated 1 June 2007 (“the June 2007 Proposal”).
124

##### Foot Note 124

×

73AB 58030-58036.

This proposal provided for “experienced manpower supplied by Dragages” to
inspect the Cladding after a “training period” by Meinhardt Façade. Meinhardt
Façade quoted the same fee of $95,000 for the first option involving a 30%
inspection of the Façade (see [66(b)] above). Yet the fee quoted for the
second option (a full inspection excluding the 8 Drops) under the revised
proposal fell sharply from $212,000 to $112,000. The June 2007 Proposal also
indicated that the full inspection would take four months. Importantly, the
scope of works did not include an inspection of the Rectification Works.

68 Mr Meur claimed that the “main reason” for this revised proposal was
“efficiency”, because the Meinhardt Façade team at the time was small and the
rectification works had to be completed quickly. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Transcript, 6 May 2015, pp 68–69.

I do not accept this claim for two reasons. First, as things transpired, only
two Builders Shop employees carried out the inspection of the Façade (see [94]
below). Secondly, Meinhardt Façade had initially proposed that it would do the
inspection by itself.

69 I find that the key reason for the revised proposal was the desire on the
part of Dragages to cut costs. Mr Meur admitted that this was “definitely a
consideration”. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Transcript, 8 May 2015, p 31.

During oral submissions, Mr Jeyaretnam candidly accepted that the revision in
the proposals was “obviously … a cost issue”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Transcript, 24 February 2017, p 59.

70 Dragages and Builders Shop accepted the June 2007 Proposal. Builders Shop
thereafter engaged Meinhardt Façade and paid for the works Meinhardt Façade
performed under the June 2007 Proposal. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Vol 19 BAEIC, AEIC of Mathieu Serge Meur dated 6 March 2014 at paras 35 and
37.

It is not clear exactly when Builders Shop engaged Meinhardt Façade. However,
Ms Perez accepted during cross-examination that it had “more or less [been]
explored and agreed” by 7 August 2007 (see [71] below) that workers from
Builders Shop would inspect the Façade. She further admitted that neither
Dragages nor Builders Shop informed Millenia of this during the negotiations
leading up to the Settlement Agreement and upon execution of that agreement.
129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Transcript, 30 April 2014, pp 36–37.

71 On 7 August 2007, one week before the Settlement Agreement was executed,
Dragages and Builders Shop executed a deed of settlement (“the Settlement
Deed”). 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

73AB 58063–58069.

The Settlement Deed annexed a draft of the Settlement Agreement. Under cl 3.2,
the parties agreed to use best efforts to limit Builders Shop’s costs arising
from the performance of its obligations under the Settlement Agreement to a
sum not exceeding $200,000. Clause 3.3 provided that in the event the costs
were between $200,000 and $250,000, Builders Shop and Dragages would share in
those costs; and in the event that the costs exceeded $250,000, a dispute
resolution mechanism that the Settlement Deed provided for would apply.

(2) The Settlement Agreement

72 On 14 August 2007, Millenia, Dragages and Builders Shop entered into the
Settlement Agreement. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

73AB 58076–58400; 74AB 58401–58598.

The provisions of the Settlement Agreement are of fundamental importance in
these proceedings. I now turn to these provisions.

73 The Settlement Agreement began with several recitals setting out details
pertaining to the parties thereto, the Building, the Contract and the Deed. It
then referred to the 1st Fall, Arup’s 2004 Reports and the fact that Dragages
had proposed rectification methods to remedy defects identified by Arup.

74 There then followed the following recitals, which are significant because
they are a window to the immediate context of the Settlement Agreement:

G. Disputes and differences arose between [Millenia] and Dragages and Builders
Shop in relation to the Parties’ rights and liabilities in connection with the
[1st Fall], the defects highlighted in Arup’s Reports and the methods of
rectification to remedy the defects. As a consequence thereof, [Millenia], by
a Writ of Summons filed in the High Court of Singapore on 27 July 2006,
commenced Suit No. 480 of 2006/F against Dragages and Builders Shop (“Suit”).

H. The Parties are now desirous of fully and finally settling the rights and
liabilities arising out of the [1st Fall], [Suit 480], Arup’s Reports and the
methods of rectification to remedy the defects and to set out in this
settlement agreement … the scope and method of works required to make good,
replace and/or rectify the defects in the [Cladding] and the apportionment of
the costs of carrying out such works and all other costs incurred, on the
following terms.

[emphasis added]

These recitals make clear that the parties entered into the Settlement
Agreement to fully and finally settle their disputes concerning the 1st Fall,
Suit 480, Arup’s 2004 Reports and the rectification methods to remedy the
defects. The parties shared the common intention that their disputes would be
resolved through the rectification of all the defects in the Cladding. To this
end, they sought to set out in the Settlement Agreement the works required to
rectify the defects and how the costs of such works would be shared.

75 I now turn to the clauses of the Settlement Agreement. In essence, the
Settlement Agreement provided for three phases of works which I shall call
“the Inspection Phase”, “the Rectification Phase” and the “Confirmation
Phase”.

(A) The Inspection Phase

76 First, cl 1 provided as follows:

Dragages and Builders Shop shall appoint Meinhardt (Singapore) Pte Ltd
(“Meinhardt”) to carry out a full inspection of the entire façade of [the
Building] (with Meinhardt and Arup at liberty to discuss and agree on the
extent of such inspection) to identify a list of defects in the [Cladding]
(the “Identified Defects”), and to propose, by way of a written report, the
method(s) of rectification to be adopted to remedy the Identified Defects
(“the Rectification Works Method Statement”). For the avoidance of doubt, the
Rectification Works Method Statement shall not cover areas already dealt with
in [Arup’s 2004 Reports] … [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

In short, cl 1 provided for Dragages and Builders Shop to appoint “Meinhardt”
to conduct a full inspection of the entire Façade, excluding the “areas
already dealt with in [Arup’s 2004 Reports]”, that is, the 8 Drops, to
identify defects in the Cladding, prepare a list of defects, and then propose
rectification methods for them (“the Rectification Works Method Statement”).
On first reading, cl 1 might appear to require an inspection of the entire
Façade including the 8 Drops. But critically, Millenia does not dispute that
cl 1 did not require an inspection of the 8 Drops. Mr Singh made this clear
during his opening statement, 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Transcript, 8 April 2014, p 90; Transcript, 9 April 2014, p 25.

and Ms Chee Tiong Choo (“Ms Chee”), Millenia’s Senior Vice President (Legal),
133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Vol 8 BAEIC, AEIC of Chee Tiong Choo dated 4 March 2014 at para 3.

who was involved in preparing the Settlement Agreement, 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Transcript, 10 April 2014, p 82.

confirmed this during the trial. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Transcript, 15 April 2015, p 62.

I therefore proceed on that basis in my analysis below.

77 Two points are pertinent here:

(a) The Settlement Agreement defined “Meinhardt” as Meinhardt Singapore. Ms
Perez claimed that this was an error: according to her, the parties to the
Settlement Agreement had intended to refer to Meinhardt Façade. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Vol 12 BAEIC, AEIC of Audrey Perez dated 4 March 2014 at para 356.

But Ms Chee, who as noted above was involved in preparing the Settlement
Agreement, denied that there was an error. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Transcript, 10 April 2014, pp 84–85.

This dispute feeds into the issue of whether Meinhardt Singapore carried out
the roles that the Settlement Agreement envisioned it would perform, or
whether the roles were performed by Meinhardt Façade on its own account. This
issue is central to Millenia’s claims against Meinhardt Singapore. I discuss
this at [499]–[506] below. In discussing the Settlement Agreement, I will use
its terminology by referring to the Meinhardt party as “Meinhardt”.

(b) Irrespective of whether the Settlement Agreement was meant to refer to
Meinhardt Singapore or Meinhardt Façade, it plainly envisioned that a
Meinhardt party would inspect the Façade. It did not contemplate that the
inspection would be carried out by Builders Shop. This is obvious because
Builders Shop had installed the Cladding, and was therefore by no means, given
the allegations of defective work, a party whom Millenia would have trusted to
prepare an objective and complete record of the defects. In this regard, the
Settlement Agreement departed significantly from the June 2007 Proposal under
which Builders Shop was to conduct the inspection. As I have noted, Ms Perez
admitted that Dragages, Builders Shop and Meinhardt Façade had “more or less …
agreed” on the June 2007 Proposal before or at the time the Settlement Deed
was executed, on 7 August 2007. However, this was not disclosed to Millenia
(see [70] above). It was clearly disingenuous for Ms Perez to sign the
Settlement Agreement having agreed on a different scope of work with Meinhardt
Façade. The evidence of Mr Foo Say Chiang (Mr Foo”), the Senior Vice
President, Property Management of Marina Properties Private Limited (“MPPL”),
a subsidiary of Millenia that provides maintenance and property management
services, 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Vol 1 BAEIC, AEIC of Foo Say Chiang dated 4 March 2014 at para 3.

which I accept, was that he only learnt that Builders Shop had carried out the
inspection after the present suit was commenced. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Transcript, 22 April 2014, p 62.

78 I now turn to cl 10 of the Settlement Agreement, which dealt with what were
called “Schedule C Defects”. Clause 10 stated that Schedule C Defects were
“possible defects” that Earth Arts and Arup had identified “which in Earth
Arts’ and Arup’s opinion require urgent attention”. These were defects that
Earth Arts and Arup identified in their inspections of the Façade beginning in
December 2006 (see [62]–[63] above). These defects were cracks across panels
and around pins. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

74AB 58415; 74AB 58480.

Clause 10 provided that in Meinhardt’s inspection of the Façade under cl 1,
Meinhardt was to inspect the Schedule C Defects in priority and to propose
measures as Meinhardt deemed necessary.

79 Clause 2 provided for Millenia to appoint Arup as its consultant for the
purpose of reviewing and commenting on the Rectification Works Method
Statement. Arup was entitled to raise reasonable queries or seek
clarifications on the Rectification Works Method Statement, which Meinhardt
was required to respond to, to Arup’s reasonable satisfaction. Under cl 3,
once Meinhardt had addressed Arup’s queries and clarifications to Arup’s
reasonable satisfaction, the parties would be deemed to have accepted and
agreed to be bound by the matters contained in the Rectification Works Method
Statement.

80 Clause 4 provided that approvals, confirmations and consents by Arup “in
connection with and/or for the purposes of this Agreement shall be deemed to
bind [Millenia]”. Importantly, however, cl 5 provided as follows:

For the avoidance of doubt, any approvals, confirmations, consents,
endorsements or the like in relation to the Rectification Works Method
Statement and/or the Rectification Method for Schedule A Defects … and/or
their implementation (completed or otherwise) by [Millenia] and/or Arup shall
not discharge, reduce and/or modify Meinhardt’s, Dragages’ and Builders Shop’s
responsibility and liability for:

a. The adequacy and integrity of the [Cladding];

b. The adequacy of the Rectification Works Method Statement and/or the
Rectification Method for Schedule A Defects …; and

c. Complying with any statutory requirements.

Neither [Millenia] nor Arup assume any liability to Meinhardt, Dragages or
Builders Shop in relation to [Millenia’s] and/or Arup’s comments on the
Rectification Works Method Statement and/or the Rectification Method for
Schedule A Defects … and/or their implementation (completed or otherwise).

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

I make the following points about cl 5, which has two parts:

(a) The second part of cl 5 provided that Millenia and Arup would not assume
liability to Meinhardt, Dragages or Builders Shop for their comments on, inter
alia, the Rectification Works Method Statement and/or its implementation. I
find that cl 5 reflects the parties’ intention to exclude the liability of
Millenia and Arup in tort for these matters.

(b) By contrast to the second part of cl 5, the first part envisioned and
sought to preserve the liability of Dragages, Builders Shop and, critically,
Meinhardt for, inter alia, the adequacy and integrity of the Cladding. It is
clear that the reference to Meinhardt here was a reference to the Meinhardt
party who inspected the Cladding and proposed the Rectification Works Method
Statement. The liability contemplated was plainly liability to Millenia. The
Settlement Agreement did not provide for Millenia to contract with Meinhardt.
Hence the liability of Meinhardt that the first part of cl 5 sought to
preserve must have been Meinhardt’s liability in tort. This point is vital to
Meinhardt Façade’s submission that it did not owe Millenia a duty of care in
tort (see [543]–[544] below).

(B) The Rectification Phase

81 Clause 6 provided for Dragages and Builders Shop to rectify:

(a) the defects Meinhardt identified in its inspection of the Façade (“the
Identified Defects”) and the Schedule C Defects (see [78] above), in
accordance with the Rectification Works Method Statement; and

(b) “Schedule A Defects”: these were defects identified in Arup’s 2004 Reports
which were agreed between the parties, and were to be rectified in accordance
with rectification methods Meinhardt was to propose. Arup was entitled to
raise reasonable queries and clarifications concerning these rectification
methods, to which Meinhardt was obliged to respond to Arup’s reasonable
satisfaction, upon which the rectification methods would bind the parties.

Significantly, it is undisputed, and I so find, that the 2nd Panel was not
identified as a panel with a defect in either Schedule A or Schedule C to the
Settlement Agreement.

82 Clause 12 set out the standard for the Rectification Works:

In carrying out the Rectification Works, Dragages and Builders Shop shall
ensure that all such works shall be carried out in a good workmanlike manner,
comply and/or conform with all necessary engineering standards and/or the
technical and performance specifications prescribed in the Contract, and that
the aesthetic and visual appearance of the entire façade of Centennial Tower
(including to but not limited to the colour matching of stones adjacent to
each other) shall be maintained. Further, Dragages and Builders Shop shall
ensure that all such works shall be of a permanent nature. [emphasis added in
italics and bold italics]

In brief, the Rectification Works were required to be performed in a “good
workmanlike manner”, to be in compliance with the specifications in the
Contract, and to be of a “permanent nature”.

83 Clause 13 provided for the terms and conditions of the Deed to apply to the
Rectification Works for the remainder of the warranty period:

Dragages and Builders Shop agree to carry out the Rectification Works, on the
same terms and conditions as those set out at paragraphs 1 to 3 of the [Deed]
for the remainder of the Warranty Period as defined therein … and accepts and
acknowledges that the warranties provided and covenants undertaken by Dragages
and Builders Shop shall equally apply to the Rectification Works as if the
same were set out in this Agreement. …

For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall be construed as extending in
any way whatsoever, the remainder of the Warranty Period under the [Deed]
and/or Dragages’ and Builders Shop’s obligations and liabilities under the
[Deed] and/or any limitation period(s) at law in respect of the Identified
Defects, the Schedule A Defects, the Schedule B Defects and the areas
unaffected by the Rectification Works.

[emphasis added]

84 Clause 14 provided that Dragages and Builders Shop would do all things
reasonably necessary to ensure the Rectification Works were carried out and
completed in accordance with statutory provisions and regulations.

(C) The Confirmation Phase

85 The third phase of works was the Confirmation Phase. The key provision is
cl 11 of the Settlement Agreement, which states:

Meinhardt shall carry out the necessary inspection(s) to [the Cladding] upon
Dragages’ and Builders Shop’s written notification that they have completed
the Rectification Works to ensure that the Rectification Works comply in all
respects with the Rectification Works Method Statement, the Rectification
Method for Schedule A Defects and the requirements prescribed at Clauses 12
and 14 below. Upon Meinhardt’s Inspection and approval of the Rectification
Works in accordance with this clause, Meinhardt shall provide [Millenia] with
a written confirmation of such approval. Arup shall be entitled to inspect the
Rectification Works to satisfy itself that the Rectification Works have been
carried out in accordance with the terms of [the Settlement Agreement], and
the Rectification Works shall be deemed completed upon Arup’s written
confirmation of the same. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

In short, in the Confirmation Phase:

(a) Dragages and Builders Shop would first provide a written notification that
the Rectification Works were completed.

(b) Meinhardt would then inspect the Cladding to ensure the Rectification
Works complied with, inter alia, the Rectification Works Method Statement and
cll 12 and 14 of the Settlement Agreement.

(c) Subsequently, Meinhardt would provide Millenia with a written confirmation
of its approval of the Rectification Works.

(d) Arup would thereafter be entitled to inspect the Rectification Works to
satisfy itself that they were in accordance with the Settlement Agreement. The
Rectification Works would be deemed completed upon Arup’s written confirmation
of the same.

86 I now set out other pertinent provisions of the Settlement Agreement.

(D) Other pertinent provisions of the Settlement Agreement

87 First, cll 25 and 26 provided for the effect of the Settlement Agreement on
Suit 480 and the rights and obligations of the parties. These provisions are
relevant to the issue of whether some of Millenia’s claims against Dragages
and Builders Shop have been compromised. I discuss them at [445]–[446] below.

88 Secondly, cll 2 and 16 of the Settlement Agreement provided that Arup was
Millenia’s consultant. Clause 19 of the Settlement Agreement provided that
Meinhardt was Dragages’ consultant.

89 Thirdly, cll 17 and 18 provided for the costs of the Rectification Works
and other incidental costs to be apportioned between the parties. Under cl 18,
Millenia was to make a contribution of $70,000 in two payments of $35,000; the
second $35,000 payment was to be made within 14 days after Meinhardt issued
its written confirmation under cl 11 (see [85(c)] above).

90 Fourthly, cl 34 provided that in the event disputes between the parties to
the Settlement Agreement arose, they would first be resolved by meeting(s)
between the chief executive officer/managing director/equivalent of the
parties.

(3) The engagement of Arup in 2007

91 By a letter dated 14 August 2007 (the “2007 Appointment Letter”), 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

73AB 58073–58075.

Millenia appointed Arup as its consultant to advise it on the Rectification
Works. Under the 2007 Appointment Letter, Arup agreed to review the proposed
rectification methods (during the Inspection Phase), to hold meetings with
Millenia and Dragages concerning the progress of the Rectification Works
(during the Rectification Phase), and to inspect the Rectification Works
(during the Confirmation Phase), albeit cl 6 provided that “it is not expected
that [Arup’s] specialist inspectors will review the entire façade”. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

73AB 58073, 58074.

I note two further points about the 2007 Appointment Letter:

(a) First, cl 7 stated that in providing its services, Arup would “exercise
the degree of skill, care and diligence normally exercised by consulting
engineers in similar circumstances”.

(b) Secondly, the agreement stipulated a fixed fee of S$40,000.

The Inspection Phase

92 As I have noted (see [70] above), Meinhardt Façade was engaged by Builders
Shop on the terms of the June 2007 Proposal.

93 On 28 August 2007, Mr Meur sent a letter to Dragages which enclosed a
drawing describing Meinhardt Façade’s intended investigation methodology. The
drawing reflected four zones – Zones A to D – which Meinhardt Façade proposed
to inspect and eight zones – Zones 1 to 8 – which had been inspected
previously (the 8 Drops). Mr Meur stated that Zones A to D would each require
“approximately 16 drops to complete”. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

74AB 58607–58608.

Dragages and Meinhardt Façade then agreed to start the inspection, which I
shall refer to as “the 2007 Inspection”.

94 Meinhardt Façade divided Zones A to D into 45 “drops”. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

74AB 58882, 58884; Transcript, 20 November 2014, p 84.

Mr Ong of Meinhardt Facade, a senior engineer and façade consultant, spent
about one week inspecting five of these “drops”. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Vol 20 BAEIC, AEIC of Ong Ching Pau dated 28 February 2014 at paras 1 and 10.

Mr Ong then trained two employees of Builders Shop, Mr Liew Wai Chan and Mr
Zhang Jun Jian, to inspect the rest of Zones A to D. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

1AB 451; Transcript, 20 November 2014, p 42.

These workers were the “experienced manpower” supplied by Dragages under the
terms of the June 2007 Proposal (see [67] above). Mr Ong asked the two workers
about their background and they told him that they worked in construction and
had experience with stone. But Mr Ong did not make any further inquiries. He
assumed that the workers were qualified because they were the workers who had
been supplied. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Transcript, 20 November 2014, pp 107–108.

When questioned on this point, Mr Meur confirmed that Meinhardt Façade did not
check whether the workers had experience in façade inspections. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Transcript, 8 May 2015, pp 27–28.

95 Mr Ong trained the Builders Shop workers by taking them to the Façade in
the BMU, informing them of the defects he had seen, showing them drawings or
mark ups from his inspection, teaching them how to note defects, and showing
them how to use a borescope. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Vol 20 BAEIC, AEIC of Ong Ching Pau dated 28 February 2014 at para 13.

A borescope is a fibre-optic device that was inserted into the joints between
the panels for brackets and their components to be inspected and photographed.
150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Vol 9 BAEIC, AEIC of Yang Li dated 15 January 2014 at LY-02, para 46(b) (p
30).

Importantly, it could only be used if it could be inserted into the joints;
yet some joints were too narrow to permit insertion of the borescope (see
[681(a)] below).) I find that the training was not extensive. As I note below,
the entire inspection took about one month (see [96] below). According to Mr
Ong, he met one of the workers on the Friday of the first week, ie, the week
that he inspected five drops (see [94] above), and met the other worker on
Monday. The workers began their inspection on Tuesday. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Transcript, 20 November 2014, p 106.

They were provided with inspection worksheets which they filled in during the
inspection. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Vol 20 BAEIC, AEIC of Ong Ching Pau dated 28 February 2014 at para 15.

The workers also took photographs of panels they inspected.

96 The entire inspection, including Mr Ong’s inspection, lasted about one
month, from 4 September to 6 October 2007. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

74AB 58882, 58883.

97 It is disputed whether the entire Façade excluding the 8 Drops was
inspected in the 2007 Inspection. The evidence was as follows:

(a) The evidence of Mr Peter Hartog (“Mr Hartog”), Arup’s façade expert, was
that the 2007 Inspection only covered 45 of the 80 drops: drops 6–17 (Zone D),
22–32 (Zone A), 46–56 (Zone B) and 62–72 (Zone C). 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Vol 32 BAEIC, AEIC of Peter Hartog dated 26 February 2014 at PH-1, Annex 11,
para 6 (pp 772–773).

His evidence seems to have been based on a layout plan in the report by
Meinhardt Façade dated 24 December 2007 (“Meinhardt’s 2007 Report”), which
suggests that only 45 drops were inspected. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

74AB 58882, 58884.

It is not in dispute that drops 6–16, 22–32, 46–56 and 62–72 were inspected.
Mr Hartog added, and I find, that drop 17 was also inspected.

(b) However, Meinhardt Façade submits that one drop under its numbering system
did not equate to one drop under Arup’s system, and that the layout plan was
not meant to accurately represent all of the drops that were inspected.
Meinhardt Façade claims that the inspection sheets from the 2007 Inspection
and investigation statistics from its report dated 20 March 2008 (“Meinhardt’s
2008 Report”) show that the entire Façade except the 8 Drops was inspected
during the 2007 Inspection. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Meinhardt Façade’s reply submissions at para 140.

98 Having considered the evidence, I do not accept that only 45 of the 80
drops were inspected during the 2007 Inspection. First, the investigation
statistics indicate, and I find, that a total of 13,484 panels (3384 panels in
Zone A, 3495 panels in Zone B, 3227 panels in Zone C and 3378 panels in Zone
D) were inspected. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

75AB 59744, 59813; Transcript, 21 November 2014, p 56.

If Mr Hartog was correct, only 56% of the Cladding (45 out of 80 drops) was
inspected. This would amount to around 9156 panels (based on the total number
of 16,277 panels on the Cladding: see [16] above), far less than the 13,484
panels which were inspected. Secondly, the inspection sheets show that many of
Meinhardt Façade’s drops had three or four horizontally adjacent panels: in
other words, they were larger than the drops under Arup’s classification which
were generally two panels wide (see [18] above). 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Transcript, 20 November 2014, pp 89–90; 4.1–4.2 DBD.

This indicates that the 45 “drops” inspected during the 2007 Inspection
covered a greater area than 45 drops under Arup’s numbering system.

99 However, it does not appear that 72 drops (or 90% of the Cladding) were
inspected either. A total of 13,484 panels were inspected, which amounts to
about 83% of the panels (based on the total figure of 16,277 panels).

100 Mr Meur stated that he understood from Ms Perez that the inspection was to
cover 64 drops: drops 1–16, 22–37, 41–56 and 62–77 (see [64(a)] above).
Dragages and Builders Shop do not dispute that the 2007 Inspection was only to
cover these drops. I thus find that the 2007 Inspection was to cover drops
1–16, 22–37, 41–56 and 62–77.

101 If the 2007 Inspection covered 65 out of 80 drops – the 64 drops noted
above as well as drop 17 (see [97(a)] above) – it would have covered around
81% of the Cladding. This percentage roughly accords with the investigation
statistics which indicate that 83% of the Cladding was inspected (see [99]
above). Moreover, Dragages and Builders Shop do not claim that Meinhardt
Façade did not fulfil its scope of works. I thus find that drops 1–16, 22–37,
41–56, 62–77, as well as drop 17 (see [97(a)] above), were inspected during
the 2007 Inspection, ie, a total of 65 drops.

102 I note the following two points:

(a) First, as things transpired, two of the 8 Drops were covered in the
inspection (drops 17 and 46) (see [54] above). Notably however, Drop 80, from
which the 2nd Panel fell (see [150] below), was not inspected.

(b) Secondly, the inspection took just over a month whereas it had been
contemplated in both the April 2007 Proposal and the June 2007 Proposal that a
full inspection would take four months. This raises questions over the
thoroughness of the inspection that was performed.

103 Returning now to the chronology of events, on 24 December 2007, Meinhardt
Façade issued Meinhardt’s 2007 Report. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

74AB 58882–58920.

This set out remedial proposals relating to observations about glue, pins,
cracks, foreign objects, gaps between panels, shaky panels and brackets.

104 Arup provided comments on Meinhardt’s 2007 Report by a revised letter
dated 29 January 2008. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

74AB 59197–59198.

In its letter, Arup noted the following points:

(a) Meinhardt’s 2007 Report did not mention infill panels. Arup sought “a list
for the locations and the conditions of these panels”. (Arup was proceeding on
the basis that all infill panels had been installed in the same way as the 1st
Panel, ie, without top pins but with the use of epoxy to bond the panel to the
panel above: see [49] above).

(b) In relation to cracked panels, which Arup considered required “immediate
attention”, Arup sought “full details on the findings and justification of the
integrity of these panels”.

(c) The report did not propose a clear strategy to deal with stacking.

(d) Arup expressed concerns regarding the proposed use of structural silicone
as a rectification method.

Additionally, Arup proposed that the parties hold a technical meeting to
clarify and follow up on the outstanding issues. Arup and Meinhardt Façade
attended this meeting on 14 February 2008. During this meeting, Meinhardt
Façade “highlighted that the location of … infill panels have been identified”
but added that it would consult with Dragages before revising Meinhardt’s 2007
Report to include details regarding infill panels. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

75AB 59524-59526.

105 On 20 March 2008, Meinhardt Façade issued Meinhardt’s 2008 Report. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

75AB 59744–59912.

I note the following points about Meinhardt’s 2008 Report:

(a) First, the report stated that about 40% of the panels inspected had at
least one observed defect. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

75AB 59744, 59814.

(b) Secondly, and notably, a table in the report indicates that there were
(potential) issues with the pins securing 192 panels: there were 61 cases of
“3-pins insertion”, 118 cases of “2-pins insertion” and nine cases of “1-pin
insertion”. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

75AB 59744, 59813.

This table was only referred to once during the trial, during Mr Chia’s re-
examination of Mr Chin. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Transcript, 16 July 2015, pp 77–82.

On first sight, the table suggests that a total of 61 panels were found to be
secured by three pins, 118 panels secured by two pins and nine panels secured
by one pin. This impression is bolstered by a section in the report stating:
166

##### Foot Note 166

×

75AB 59744, 59814.

PIN (P) – particular attention shall be focus[ed] on zone B, since this region
[has] the highest recorded issues with the pin (158 panels affected, of which
54 panels are with 3-pin insertion, 96 panels are with 2-pin insertion and 8
panels are with only 1-pin embedment). Thorough check should be conducted to
those panels which are only [restrained] by 1-pin only. [emphasis added in
italics and bold italics]

But it is reasonably clear, and I find, that the initial impression produced
by this table cannot be correct. It is undisputed that a panel would only have
been adequately restrained if it was secured by at least three pins (see [246]
below). Therefore, if there were 118 panels secured by two pins and nine
panels secured by one pin, many if not all of these panels would have fallen
off the Façade. Millenia and Arup would have been extremely alarmed, and
significant follow-up work would have been carried out immediately after they
learnt of this finding. But this did not occur. The comments in another
section of the report reveal why. The comments indicate that these 192 panels
were panels that may not have been properly restrained by four pins, not
panels that in fact were not properly restrained by four pins. These 192
panels comprised (1) panels with less than four pins inserted into the stone,
(2) panels with four pins inserted into the stone, but with at least one pin
possibly not attached to a shaft, (3) panels with pins inserted shallowly into
the stone and (4) panels where the shafts showed signs of corrosion. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

75AB 59744, 59819–59820.

Notwithstanding this, such an observation should have set off alarm bells.

106 Arup provided further comments on Meinhardt’s 2008 Report by a letter
dated 18 April 2008. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

76AB 60725–60727.

Arup noted, among other things, that the location of infill panels had not
been identified in Meinhardt’s 2008 Report, and stated that any panel with
less than four (functioning) restraining pins needed to be reinstated to its
original four-pin configuration, notwithstanding calculations indicating a
three-pin configuration was structurally safe. Arup also raised issues about
the remedial methods and reiterated its concerns about use of structural
silicone.

107 On 25 April 2008, Mr Ong sent an email to Mr Adrianto, copying Ms Perez
and Mr Meur, seeking Dragages’ assistance in locating the infill panels. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

77AB 61242–61243.

Later that day, Ms Perez replied rather disingenuously stating, among other
things, that “the location [of the infill panels] will be provided in [detail]
during the rectification works. There is no need to give an exact layout now”.
170

##### Foot Note 170

×

77AB 61240–61241.

108 On 28 April 2008, Mr Meur sent an email to Ms Perez containing Meinhardt
Façade’s proposed replies to Arup’s letter dated 18 April 2008. On 29 April
2008, Ms Perez replied to this email stating: 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

77AB 61238.

… Please note that there is no list of in-fill panels and it is quite
impossible today to list them exactly as they are installed in the same way as
other panels … There is no way to differentiate them. [emphasis added in
italics and bold italics]

It appears that this was the first time that Dragages informed any of the
other parties to this suit that there was no list of infill panels, and I so
find.

109 Meinhardt Façade replied to Arup’s comments on Meinhardt’s 2008 Report in
a letter dated 2 May 2008 stating, among other things, that the issue of
infill panels “has been settled [and] resolved previously between [Dragages]
[and] [Millenia] … there is [no] such tracking list record [of infill
panels]”. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

77AB 61250–61255.

The statement that the issue of infill panels had been resolved was not true.

110 Arup then provided additional comments on Meinhardt’s 2008 Report on 5 May
2008, 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

77AB 61478–61581.

reiterating that panels with less than four functioning pins had to be
reinstated to the original four-pin configuration. Meinhardt Façade replied to
these comments on 22 May 2008. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

78AB 62175–62183.

Notably, in its reply, Meinhardt Façade finally accepted that panels with less
than four functioning pins would be reinstated to their original four-pin
configuration.

111 In the interim, Arup sent a letter to Millenia dated 8 May 2008 (“the 8
May 2008 letter”) stating that the rectification proposals were “acceptable
and have sufficiently addressed most of the issues raised apart from the
structural silicone method”. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

78AB 61961–61962.

Arup recommended that the Rectification Works proceed while matters relating
to the structural silicone method were put on hold.

112 On 12 May 2008, Mr Foo sent an email to Ms Perez stating that Millenia had
no objections to Dragages proceeding with the Rectification Works using the
methodologies accepted by Arup, other than structural silicone. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

78AB 62023.

The Rectification Phase

113 The Rectification Works began in June 2008. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Vol 18 BAEIC, AEIC of Md Shah Alam Md Sultan Ahmed dated 26 February 2014 at
para 6.

The Rectification Works were, at any one time, carried out by two Builders
Shop workers, albeit it was not the same two workers who carried out all of
the Rectification Works. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Transcript, 20 November 2014, p 44.

The Builders Shop workers worked under the supervision of a supervisor, Mr Md
Shah Alam Md Sultan Ahmed (“Mr Shah Alam”). While the Rectification Works were
being carried out, Mr Ong would inspect the works. When he was not satisfied
with the workmanship, he would direct the workers to improve the works and re-
inspect the works thereafter. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Vol 20 BAEIC, AEIC of Ong Ching Pau dated 28 February 2014 at para 39.

Apart from Mr Ong, Mr Adrianto also supervised, but did not inspect, the
Rectification Works. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Vol 18 BAEIC, AEIC of Md Shah Alam Md Sultan Ahmed dated 26 February 2014 at
para 21.

114 During the Rectification Works, Mr Ong inspected every single stone panel
that was rectified by Builders Shop on all of the 80 Drops. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Transcript, 21 November 2014, p 73.

It is thus not in dispute, and I find, that Meinhardt Façade inspected some
panels on drop 80, the drop from which the 2nd Panel fell, during the
Rectification Phase. But the parties dispute whether Mr Ong inspected the 2nd
Panel itself during the Rectification Phase. I now set out the relevant
evidence on this point.

115 During the trial, Mr Chia brought Mr Shah Alam to a marked-up layout of
the façade. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

5D-2.

This was a final report which Dragages prepared, based on Builders Shop’s
records of the Rectification Works, which ostensibly showed the panels to
which Builders Shop had performed works and the nature of those works ("the
Final Progress Report”). Drop 80 was described as Corner C6 in this document.
Mr Shah Alam admitted that, according to the Final Progress Report, dead load
rods were inserted in the gaps between panels 41 and 42, and panels 42 and 43,
and a twisted rod was embedded at the top of panel 42. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Transcript, 19 November 2014, p 118.

Panel 42 was the 2nd Panel. During the trial, Mr Ong admitted that if
rectification works had been performed to the 2nd Panel, he would have
inspected the 2nd Panel. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Transcript, 21 November 2014, pp 72–73.

116 However, Mr Ong then testified that rectification works were not carried
out to or near the 2nd Panel: the Final Progress Report was inaccurate. He
explained that when he inspected the location from which the 2nd Panel fell on
13 February 2011 (see [154] below), he did not see evidence of any
rectification works. He referred me to a photograph which indicated the same.
185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Transcript, 21 November 2014, pp 74–77; 4.5 DBD 2821–2833, 2827 (Image 3).

Mr Ong also stated that he did not find any dead load rods or twisted rods in
the debris of the 2nd Panel when he inspected the debris (see [382(c)] below).
186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Transcript, 6 May 2015, pp 45–47.

Mr Ong’s evidence here was corroborated by photographs, and I accepted it
accordingly. Moreover, I note the following points concerning the Final
Progress Report:

(a) First, as Mr Jeyaretnam noted, the Final Progress Report was inconsistent
with an earlier report prepared by Dragages, a weekly report that appears to
have been prepared soon after the Rectification Works to drop 80 were
completed (“the Weekly Progress Report). 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

1D-2; Transcript, 24 February 2017, pp 81–82.

The Weekly Progress Report showed that no works were performed to panel 42.

(b) Secondly, Mr Jeyaretnam also pointed out that the Final Progress Report
indicated that there was a long crack on panel 40 of drop 80 that was
rectified by “stitches” (see [136] below). Yet Arup did not find any crack or
stitches on panel 40 when it inspected it after the 2nd Fall: the photograph
of panel 40 showed that there were no cracks or stitches. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

5D-2 33506; 3rd and 4th Defendants’ Bundle of Documents for Oral Closing, p
44.

117 Further, as I have noted, the 2nd Panel was not identified as a panel with
a Schedule A or a Schedule C Defect (see [81] above). Again, Meinhardt Façade
did not inspect drop 80 during the Inspection Phase (see [102(a)] above) and
thus would not have identified the 2nd Panel as requiring rectification. In
short, the evidence indicates that the need for the 2nd Panel to be rectified
was not brought to Meinhardt Façade’s attention. This supports the conclusion
that no rectification works were carried out to the 2nd Panel.

118 I accordingly find that the Final Progress Report contained inaccuracies.
More specifically, I find that no rectification works were performed to the
2nd Panel. Mr Ong’s evidence was that during the Rectification Phase, he
inspected panels that had been rectified (see [114] above). I therefore find
that Meinhardt Façade did not specifically inspect the 2nd Panel during the
Rectification Phase.

119 In late 2008, the works for the construction of the Downtown Line
Promenade Station (“the Downtown Line Works”) commenced. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Vol 15 BAEIC, AEIC of Audrey Perez dated 4 March 2014 at AP-49 (p 2743).

120 On 12 February 2009, Mr Vincent Chua (“Mr Chua”) of MPPL, an engineer who
was Mr Foo’s subordinate, 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Transcript, 22 April 2014, p 130.

sent an email about the Rectification Works to Ms Perez. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

80AB 63582.

Mr Chua, who does not seem to have been familiar with the Settlement
Agreement, asked Ms Perez, inter alia, the following:

(a) whether Meinhardt (Façade) required approval from Pontiac or MPPL in
respect of the rectification methods; and

(b) whether MPPL, as Millenia’s representative, was able to request for mock-
up samples showing the rectification methods.

121 In her reply later that day, Ms Perez stated the following: 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

80AB 63851–63852.

(a) In reply to the query noted in [120(a)] above, she stated: “No. [Millenia]
or MPPL do not need to approve the methods … It is Meinhardt that recommend,
review and approve repair methods” [emphasis added]. This was misleading. Ms
Perez knew the Settlement Agreement provided for Arup to approve the
Rectification Works Method Statement. Tellingly, when cross-examined on this,
she could only say: “… he asked a general question, I gave a general answer.
If he needed more clarifications, I am sure that he would have asked …”. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Transcript, 19 May 2014, p 14.

(b) In reply to the query noted in [120(b)] above, Ms Perez stated, inter
alia, that “[only] Meinhardt has the full liability for the repair works,
including recommendations, material approval, supervision, review and approval
of works, inspections, [aesthetics], etc” [emphasis added]. As I have noted,
Ms Perez sought to resile from this in her testimony, stating that “liability”
was “maybe … not the correct word to use … an overstatement, knowing better
now what liability means”. For the reasons given above, I find Ms Perez’s
evidence difficult to accept. I find that Ms Perez was seeking to reassure
Millenia about the Rectification Works by misleadingly alluding to the
potential liability of Meinhardt (Façade) for the same (see [38(a)] above).

122 On 26 August 2009, a representative of MPPL wrote to Mr Adrianto to
inquire whether Arup could inspect the Rectification Works, stating that Arup
would require about a week to do so. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

82AB 64829.

Mr Adrianto replied to reject this request, stating that the works needed to
be completed without interruption. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

82AB 64829.

Thus, Arup was not able to inspect the Rectification Works while they were in
progress.

123 The Rectification Works were completed in October 2009. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Vol 18 BAEIC, AEIC of Md Shah Alam Md Sultan Ahmed dated 26 February 2014 at
para 6.

I note that there is some dispute over whether structural silicone was used
during the Rectification Works. As I have noted, Arup did not accept the use
of structural silicone (see [111] above). I accept Mr Ong’s evidence that
structural silicone was not used during the Rectification Works. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Transcript, 20 November 2014, pp 36–39.

Notably, Mr Foo also testified that, to the best of his knowledge, structural
silicone was not used. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Transcript, 16 April 2014, p 55.

Mr Ong explained that structural silicone may have been confused with a
different kind of silicone sealant, which was used on the Cladding as a
weather seal.

The Confirmation Phase

124 In June 2009, Builders Shop told Meinhardt Façade about the need for a
completion certificate from the latter in respect of the Rectification Works.
199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Vol 20 BAEIC, AEIC of Ong Ching Pau dated 28 February 2014 at para 43.

According to Mr Meur, this was the first time it was made known to Meinhardt
Façade that such a certificate was required under the Settlement Agreement.
Meinhardt Façade did not have a practice of issuing such certificates. Mr Meur
checked the June 2007 Proposal and realised that inspection of the
Rectification Works and issuance of a completion certificate was not part of
Meinhardt Façade’s scope of works. I accept Mr Meur’s evidence on this score
and find that Meinhardt Façade knew, as of June 2009, that it was not
contractually required to issue a completion certificate. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Vol 19 BAEIC, AEIC of Mathieu Serge Meur dated 6 March 2014 at paras 64–65.

125 In November 2009, Dragages requested Meinhardt Façade to issue a
certificate to certify that the Rectification Works were completed in
accordance with the Rectification Works Method Statement. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Vol 20 BAEIC, AEIC of Ong Ching Pau dated 28 February 2014 at para 44.

Mr Ong prepared a draft of this certificate and sent it to Mr Adrianto for
review. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

82AB 65106–65107.

Ms Perez agreed that Dragages was “involved in giving some pointers for [the]
drafting” of the certificate. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Transcript, 19 May 2014, p 34.

126 On 17 December 2009, Meinhardt Façade issued the certificate (“the 17
December 2009 Certificate”). It was addressed to Builders Shop and Dragages
and stated that, “to the best of our knowledge, the enhancement works … to the
external perimeter of the [Cladding] has been completed in accordance with the
approved method of statement” [emphasis added in italics and bold italics].
204

##### Foot Note 204

×

82AB 65106–65109.

I note that the qualification “to the best of our knowledge” is unusual: it is
not a phrase commonly found in certificates issued by construction
professionals. Ms Perez admitted that she had never seen the qualification “to
the best of our knowledge” in all her time as an engineer dealing with
building contracts. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

Transcript, 19 May 2014, p 70.

127 On 18 December 2009, Ms Perez sent a letter to Millenia that enclosed the
17 December 2009 Certificate stating that it “certifies the completion of the
works as per the Settlement Agreement”. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

82AB 65113–65116.

The letter further sought payment of $35,000 from Millenia pursuant to cl 18
of the Settlement Agreement.

128 On 25 January 2010, Arup began to inspect the Rectification Works. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

83AB 66149, 66153.

129 On 5 February 2010, Millenia sent an email to Dragages highlighting two
aspects of the 17 December 2009 Certificate. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

82AB 65221.

First, it did not confirm that “Meinhardt” had inspected and satisfied itself
that the Rectification Works were completed in accordance with cl 11 of the
Settlement Agreement. (Millenia did not distinguish between Meinhardt
Singapore and Meinhardt Façade here.) Secondly, the letter was not addressed
to Millenia as required under cl 11.

130 On 10 February 2010, the following events transpired pertaining to the
completion certificate issued by Meinhardt Façade.

(a) Mr Adrianto emailed Mr Ong to request that, “[as] a matter of paperwork”,
Mr Ong reissue the completion certificate, with the same content, but with the
certificate addressed to Millenia. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

82AB 65245.

(b) Mr Ong replied that he would discuss this with Mr Meur “as business wise &
contractual wise we are engaged by [Builders Shop]”. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

82AB 65246.

During the trial, Mr Ong testified that he did not think that changing the
name of the addressee was just “a matter of paperwork”. He knew there would be
implications if the certificate was addressed to Millenia. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Transcript, 20 November 2014, pp 140–141.

(c) Ms Perez responded to Mr Ong’s email, copying Mr Meur, stating that the
revised certificate was “a wording matter” that “doesn’t add anything to your
scope and/or obligations to [Builders Shop/Dragages/Millenia]”. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

82AB 65246.

She explained that the revised certificate would allow Dragages to get
Millenia to release a payment to Dragages. As I have noted, under cl 18 of the
Settlement Agreement, Millenia was required to make a second payment of
$35,000 to Dragages upon Meinhardt’s issuance of its written confirmation
under cl 11 (see [89] above).

(d) Mr Meur then approved the issuance of a revised version of the certificate
addressed to Millenia. During the trial, Mr Meur agreed that he knew Mr Ong
was concerned that changing the name of the addressee would give rise to an
assumption of responsibility to the party to whom the certificate was
addressed. He maintained, however, that he did not think that addressing the
certificate to Millenia would have changed the liability of Meinhardt Façade.
213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Transcript, 7 May 2015, pp 129–130.

He therefore approved the issuance of the revised certificate addressed to
Millenia. However, I do not accept Mr Meur’s evidence on this point for the
following reasons:

(i) First, it was inconsistent with his evidence in his affidavit of evidence-
in-chief (“AEIC”). Mr Meur did not depose that he approved the revised
certificate because he did not think it would affect Meinhardt Façade’s
liability. He stated that he did so because “discussions had been dragging on
for several months, and the change of addressee did not affect our assessment
regarding the [Façade] and the [Rectification Works]”. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Vol 19 BAEIC, AEIC of Mathieu Serge Meur dated 6 March 2014 at para 70.

(ii) Secondly, I find it very difficult to accept that Mr Meur believed that
addressing the certificate to Millenia would not have affected Meinhardt
Façade’s liability. Mr Meur admitted that as of February 2010, he had been
practising (as an engineer) for about 11 years. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Transcript, 7 May 2015, p 131.

He also agreed that he knew what a completion certificate signified and that
the owner would rely on the certificate. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Transcript, 7 May 2015, p 112.

Further, Mr Ong had directly raised the issue of Meinhardt Façade’s potential
liability to Millenia to Mr Meur’s attention.

For these reasons, I do not accept that Mr Meur approved the issuance of a
revised certificate addressed to Millenia on the basis that it would not
affect Meinhardt Façade’s liability. I find that he knew that it would do so.
I further find based on his evidence in his AEIC that nonetheless, he approved
the issuance of the revised certificate because (1) he wanted to expedite the
process to please Ms Perez and Dragages and (2) he was satisfied that the
Rectification Works were carried out properly. In short: Mr Meur knew that by
issuing the letter to Millenia, Meinhardt Façade was incurring a potential
liability to Millenia. Still, he issued the letter because he believed the
Rectification Works were carried out properly, and therefore liability to
Millenia would never arise.

(e) After obtaining approval from Mr Meur, Mr Ong sent a revised version of
the certificate, which was addressed to Millenia and copied to Dragages and
Builders Shop (“the 10 February 2010 Certificate”), to Mr Adrianto. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

82AB 65257–65262.

Ms Perez replied to this email stating: 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

82AB 65268.

Thank you very much! That’s efficient!!

Let’s see what [Millenia] comes up with now. They never showed any cooperation
but this time, they have [not] much cards left to throw on the table. I
handle!

[emphasis added]

Mr Adrianto subsequently forwarded the 10 February 2010 Certificate to
Millenia. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

82AB 65280.

131 On 17 February 2010, Millenia emailed Mr Adrianto pointing out that the 10
February 2010 Certificate did not contain the necessary confirmation as the
phrase “to the best of our knowledge” was used. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

82AB 65280.

132 On 22 February 2010, Ms Perez responded stating that the 10 February 2010
Certificate was “perfectly in line” with the Settlement Agreement but that she
would ask for it to be reworded in line with Millenia’s suggestions.

133 On 22 February 2010, Ms Perez also sent an email to Mr Meur. This email
illuminates the approach Ms Perez was taking at the time and in particular her
dealings with Mr Meur: 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

P5; 82AB 65311.

Hi Mathieu,

I sent you in Bcc the response to Pontiac so that you would know about their
ways of delaying the payment. …

I have thought about this and I believe that whatever the wording that I offer
them, they are going to nitpick about the comma, turn of phrase, about the
possible interpretation of some terms ... [in] short, we are entering a fourth
dimension knowing that it's once again the lawyers who are handling the case.
…

With my email below, I hope they will realise that they are ridiculous in
their attempt to delay payment by using the terms of the certificate as an
excuse ... They can always try! Too bad, they ran into Audrey, Miss 'never
give up'!! …

…

By all means, Pontiac or not, we’re going to have a Raffles Grill really
soon!! March or at the latest April!! I’m going to find out when, and I’ll get
in touch with you, 2 Centralians in action!!

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

When shown this email, Mr Meur admitted that he was on friendly terms with Ms
Perez. He explained that the reference to “Centralians” was a reference to the
engineering university that he had attended: a colleague of Ms Perez, with
whom he had lunches with Ms Perez, went to the same university. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

Transcript, 7 May 2015, p 140–141.

134 On 5 March 2010, Millenia replied to Ms Perez’s email and suggested how
the 10 February 2010 Certificate could be reformulated. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

83AB 65602.

Ms Perez replied to indicate that she was not agreeable with the proposed
reformulation as it made reference to the Settlement Agreement which
“Meinhardt are not privy to”. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

83AB 65777.

135 On 25 March 2010, Arup issued a report on the Rectification Works (the
“1st 2010 Report”). 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

83AB 66149–66321.

Importantly, the cover page stated that the report “is not intended for and
should not be relied upon by any third party and no responsibility is
undertaken to any third party”. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

83AB 66149, 66150.

The report was based on a “representative inspection” of eight drops from 25
to 27 January and 1 to 3 March 2010. According to Mr Hartog, these were drops
17, 21, 57, 61 and 78 and three other drops which do not correspond to any of
the 80 drops. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Vol 32 BAEIC, AEIC of Peter Hartog dated 26 February 2014 at PH-1, Annex 11,
para 9 (p 771).

Mr Yang’s evidence, however, which I accept, is that the three other drops
were drops 1 (called “Drop 7” in Arup’s 1st 2010 Report), 30 (called “Drop 2”
in the report) and 49 (called “Drop 3” in the report). Importantly, Arup did
not inspect drop 80 (the drop from which the 2nd Panel fell: see [150] below).

136 Arup’s 1st 2010 Report stated as follows:

2.1 General Quality Control and Workmanship

From the inspections, the general quality and workmanship of the repair work
were found to be acceptable except for the crucial issue highlighted in
Section 2.2 below. Most of the issues highlighted from our full investigation
done previously have been satisfactorily carried out. …

2.2 Stone with hairline fracture

There are two types of issues observed from stone panels with hairline cracks
on them:

1\. Hairline cracks on stone but without any evidence of remedial works being
carried out.

2\. Hairline cracks on stone with restraints installed within the crack lines.

According to the Method Statement, there are only two remedial methods to be
applied to such defects depending on the severity of the crack. Should the
crack significant and through the thickness or across the entire panel, these
should be reinstated with a new panel. If the cracks are localized to the pin
locations, then they should be installed with additional SS support pins.
These were carried out in some locations but not in others.

With regards to item number 2 above, this method of repair has never been
discussed or approved in the method statement and thus not acceptable.

3 Summary and Recommendation

From the findings of our representative inspections, it appears that the
remedial works were inadequately done. The issue of the cracked stones were
not addressed sufficient [sic] and it is a potential safety issue. The
integrity of any cracked stone is questionable and will be difficult to
determine regardless of the additional restraints added. This was previously
agreed and included as part of the method statement agreed by all parties. In
addition, it is also very disturbing to discover a totally new method of
repair (item 2 in Section 2.2) which was neither brought up nor discussed
previously. This method is not acceptable and thus all stone with this repair
method should be rejected. …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The “totally new method of repair” referred to in Section 3 of Arup’s 1st 2010
Report is known as “stitching”. I will refer to this method of repair used on
the Cladding as “the Stitching Procedure”.

137 Dragages claims that the words in Section 2.1 of Arup’s 1st 2010 Report
(see [136] above) satisfied the requirement under the Settlement Agreement for
Arup to provide written confirmation that the Rectification Works were carried
out in accordance with the Settlement Agreement (see [85(d)] above). 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at para 616.

I do not accept this submission. First, Section 2.1 itself states an
exception, characterised as “crucial”, in Section 2.2. Secondly, in Section 3,
Arup clearly stated that the Rectification Works were “inadequately done”, the
issue of cracked panels was not sufficiently addressed and was a potential
safety issue and the Stitching Procedure, an unapproved rectification method,
was used on the Cladding. I therefore find that Arup’s 1st 2010 Report did not
amount, in full or in part, to a written confirmation in accordance with cl 11
of the Settlement Agreement.

138 On 12 April 2010, Meinhardt Façade issued a reply to Arup’s 1st 2010
Report (“Meinhardt’s April 2010 Reply”) stating as follows: 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

84AB 66706–66711.

(a) From Meinhardt Façade’s inspection, the hairline cracks did not “go across
and through the stone thickness”.

(b) In terms of hairline cracks on stone without evidence of remedial works, a
new method involving dead load rods was used to restrain some panels. Under
this method, a rod was drilled into the RC wall at one end and inserted into
the stone panel at the other end. Such works were aesthetically clean and had
therefore probably escaped detection by Arup. Also, some panels with minor
cracks were not rectified.

(c) In terms of cracks with restraints installed within the crack lines, the
rectification methods had to be adjusted to deal with site issues such as
tenant complaints about noise and vibrations due to drilling in carrying out
the rectification methods. The Stitching Procedure was “a common industry
practice”, and was therefore not covered in earlier reports. Further, the
application of the Stitching Procedure had been combined with the installation
of wind load restraints and/or dead load rods where necessary.

I do not accept that the Stitching Procedure was employed for the sole reason
of accommodating tenant complaints (see [(c)] above). Mr James Phillip Mann
(“Mr Mann”), one of Meinhardt Façade’s façade experts, noted that his client
had advised that the Stitching Procedure “was developed on site in response to
the decision not to use structural silicone … along with the decision to
minimize the number of cracked panels that would need replacement” [emphasis
added]. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
52).

I find that one important reason, if not the principal reason, why the
Stitching Procedure was used on the Façade was to cut costs.

139 On 24 May 2010, after re-inspecting a drop it inspected in preparing the
1st 2010 Report, Arup issued a second report (the “2nd 2010 Report”). 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

84AB 66782–66800.

The 2nd 2010 Report stated that Arup had not observed that restraints had been
added to the stitched panels as averred in Meinhardt’s April 2010 Reply.

140 On 15 June 2010, Ms Perez sent an email to Millenia stating: 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

84AB 66837.

… I am giving instruction to Cillius and Meinhardt to strictly stop responding
to you and any of [Arup's] queries (we are responding to their queries so far,
no matter how unreasonable these are, indeed) until [Millenia] make full
payment of the monies due to [Dragages] as per settlement agreement.

Please inform your management forthwith that it is very likely that we will
start action in Court soon against [Millenia] for breach of Contract, for
their failure to fulfill their contractual obligations under the settlement
agreement, read, payment of balance amount to [Dragages] once the
rectification works completion certificate is issued by Meinhardt.

Failing to pay is in absolute breach of our agreement … and I will make sure
that it is well known that [Millenia] are not keeping to your word on this.

…

[emphasis added]

By this email, Ms Perez informed Millenia that she was instructing Mr Adrianto
and Meinhardt (Façade) not to respond to queries by Millenia or Arup until
Millenia made full payment of monies (allegedly) due to Dragages under (cl 18
of) the Settlement Agreement. Ms Perez threatened legal proceedings regarding
the same. She also threatened to create bad publicity about Millenia. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

84AB 66840.

141 On 28 June 2010, Mr Foo sent a letter to Dragages stating as follows: 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

84AB 66843–66844.

(a) The 10 February 2010 Certificate was not in accordance with cl 11 of the
Settlement Agreement for three reasons:

(i) it was issued by Meinhardt Façade and not by Meinhardt Singapore;

(ii) it referred to “enhancement works” and not “rectification works” as
defined under the Settlement Agreement; and

(iii) it did not contain a confirmation that the Rectification Works complied
with cll 12 and 14 of the Settlement Agreement.

(b) However, Millenia was prepared to pay a sum of $37,450 to Dragages upon
written confirmation from Meinhardt Singapore that the 10 February 2010
Certificate was issued pursuant to and in compliance with cl 11. Nonetheless,
this was not be construed as an acceptance by Millenia or Arup that the
Rectification Works had been completed.

142 In July 2010, Ms Perez informed Mr Meur of Millenia’s concerns as set out
in [141(a)(i)] and [141(a)(iii)] above. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

Vol 19 BAEIC, AEIC of Mathieu Serge Meur dated 6 March 2014 at paras 75 and
79.

143 Mr Meur then approached Dr Juneid Qureshi (“Dr Qureshi”), Meinhardt
Singapore’s Group Design Director of Structural Engineering. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

Vol 19 BAEIC, AEIC of Juneid Qureshi dated 24 February 2014 at para 1.

He explained that there was a dispute regarding the Façade and that one of the
parties had engaged Meinhardt Façade, and asked for a letter to explain that,
in the Meinhardt Group, façade engineering was Meinhardt Façade’s and not
Meinhardt Singapore’s expertise. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

Vol 19 BAEIC, AEIC of Mathieu Serge Meur dated 6 March 2014 at paras 77.

Dr Qureshi agreed to do so, and issued a letter dated 19 July 2010 for
Meinhardt Singapore (“the 19 July 2010 Letter”) stating as follows: 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

84AB 66976.

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN

This is to confirm that [Meinhardt Singapore] and [Meinhardt Façade] are both
subsidiaries of Meinhardt Group International.

The areas of expertise of [Meinhardt Singapore] are Civil, Structure [sic],
Mechanical and Electrical Engineering.

All matters related to façade engineering are undertaken by [Meinhardt
Façade].

For any further information or enquiry, please do not hesitate to contact our
Mr Mathieu [Meur] …

144 Mr Meur also obtained a copy of the Settlement Agreement from Ms Perez. I
find that this was the first time Meinhardt Façade saw the Settlement
Agreement. Mr Meur confirmed during the trial that he read the Settlement
Agreement, and in particular cll 11, 12 and 14. He also confirmed that he knew
Millenia would only pay Dragages (the second $35,000 payment under cl 18) upon
receiving the written confirmation from Meinhardt under cl 11. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

Transcript, 7 May 2015, pp 157–162.

He then re-issued the certificate by a letter to Millenia dated 20 July 2010
copied to Dragages and Builders Shop (“the 20 July 2010 Certificate”). This
states: 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

84AB 66981–66982.

NOTIFICATION OF RECTIFICATION WORK COMPLETION TO CENTENNIAL TOWER, SINGAPORE

We would like to confirm that, to the best of our knowledge, the rectification
works carried out by Builder's Shop Pte Ltd (from September 2007 - October
2009) to the external perimeter of the Centennial Tower stone cladding (3
Temasek Avenue Centennial Tower, Singapore 39190), has been completed in
accordance with the approved method of statement and in accordance with
clauses 12 and 14 of the settlement agreement between [Millenia] and
[Dragages] and [Builders Shop].

145 On 20 July 2010, Ms Perez sent a letter to Millenia enclosing the 19 July
2010 Letter and the 20 July 2010 Certificate, 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

84AB 66977–66982.

stating that the enclosures “thoroughly address all your concerns accordingly”
and requesting that Millenia release the payment under cl 18(b) of the
Settlement Agreement.

146 On 6 August 2010, Millenia sent a letter (“the 6 August 2010 Letter”) to
Dragages enclosing a cheque for the sum of $37,450. The letter states: 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

84AB 66987–66988.

2\. Notwithstanding our request for [Meinhardt Singapore] to issue a written
confirmation to us stating that the letter dated 10 February 2010 is issued by
[Meinhardt Façade] pursuant to and in compliance with [cl 11] of the
[Settlement Agreement], we note that this has not been done. Accordingly, our
position remains that [Meinhardt Singapore] has not provided written
confirmation of its approval of the Rectification Works in accordance with [cl
11] of the [Settlement Agreement] and hence, our obligation to pay the sum of
S$35,000 pursuant to [cl 18(b)] of the [Settlement Agreement] has not arisen.

3\. Nevertheless, to break the deadlock between the parties and strictly on a
without prejudice basis, we enclose our cheque for the sum of S$37,450 being
payment of our contribution towards the Total Costs under [cl 17(a)] of the
[Settlement Agreement], $37,450. Kindly acknowledge receipt of the same.

4\. Given that we have made full payment of the monies due to you under the
SA, moving forward, we expect that you and/or your consultant (i.e. [Meinhardt
Singapore] and/or Meinhardt Façade) will fully co-operate with and render all
assistance to us and/or our consultant, [Arup], to ensure that the
Rectification Works fully comply with the terms of the [Settlement Agreement].

5\. For the avoidance of doubt, our payment of the said sum of S$37,450 shall
not be construed as an acceptance either by us or our consultant, Arup, that
the written confirmation issued by Meinhardt Façade complies with [cl 11] of
the [Settlement Agreement] or that the Rectification Works have been completed
in accordance with the terms of the [Settlement Agreement]. …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

I make the following points about the 6 August 2010 Letter. It is clear that
the 20 July 2010 Certificate was not in complete compliance with the
requirements of cl 11 of the Settlement Agreement. It contained the phrase “to
the best of our knowledge”, which Millenia had objected to (see [131] above).
However, it appears that after being threatened by Ms Perez (see [140] above),
Millenia decided to yield to Dragages’ demands for payment. But Millenia
sought to protect its position. It did this by making clear that it was paying
out on a without-prejudice basis, and without accepting that Meinhardt had
issued the necessary written confirmation under cl 11 of the Settlement
Agreement. As we shall see, the unequivocal statements to this effect in the 6
August 2010 Letter are important. This is because they undercut the argument
that the 20 July 2010 Certificate caused Millenia to suffer the losses it is
claiming for in this action. I elaborate on this point at [535(a)] and
[575(c)] below.

147 On 7 September 2010, Arup and Meinhardt Façade conducted a joint
inspection of the Cladding. Arup then sent an email to Millenia stating that,
upon the inspection, it was confirmed that the additional restraining pins
were not installed in cases where panels with cracks had been stitched. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

84AB 67036.

148 On 28 September 2010, Meinhardt Façade issued a report (“Meinhardt’s
September 2010 Reply”). 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

84AB 67117–67128.

This stated that dead load rods were not installed to secure all panels with
hairline cracks, but were used on a case by case basis. Arup did not accept
this. On 11 October 2010, Arup sent an email to Millenia on Meinhardt’s
September 2010 Reply to reiterate its recommendation that all cracked panels
be replaced or restrained with dead load pins. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

84AB 67180.

149 It does not seem that there was any further development thereafter in the
discussions between Arup and Meinhardt Façade on the Rectification Works. The
dispute regarding the cracked panels was not resolved. Arup did not ultimately
issue written confirmation that the Rectification Works were carried out in
compliance with the Settlement Agreement (see [85(d)] above). Notably,
although Dragages submits that Arup did issue such confirmation (see [137]
above), Ms Perez, its sole factual witness, accepted that (1) Arup did not do
so and (2) the Rectification Works were thus not deemed completed under the
terms of the Settlement Agreement, and I so find. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Transcript, 19 May 2014, pp 151–152.

The 2nd Fall and subsequent events

150 On 10 February 2011 at 8.43pm, the 2nd Panel fell from the 25th storey of
the Building. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

85AB 67300–67301.

The panel fell from drop 80, 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

Vol 32 BAEIC, AEIC of Peter Hartog dated 26 February 2014 at PH-1, Annex 11,
para 2 (p 771).

a drop that Arup had inspected in 2004 (see [54] above). As the 2nd Panel
fell, it hit another panel (panel 81) on the 15th storey. The 2nd Panel landed
on a concrete canopy one floor about the ground floor and broke into many
fragments upon impact. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

Transcript, 28 June 2016, p 112; Transcript, 14 July 2015, p 174.

Some of the fragments spread onto the ground floor. Two passers-by were
injured by the debris of the 2nd Panel, and significant property damage was
caused.

151 On 11 February 2011, the BCA issued a second order to Millenia (“the 2nd
BCA Order”). 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

85AB 67304–67306.

The BCA ordered Millenia to immediately appoint a PE to assess the structural
integrity and stability of the Cladding, and to immediately take precautionary
measures to obviate any danger. In addition, the BCA ordered Millenia to
submit an investigation report prepared by the PE, which was to recommend
plans for rectification works, and to subsequently perform the works
recommended by the PE and approved by the BCA. The 2nd BCA Order concluded by
stating that the BCA “may direct a closure of the building subject to the
conditions of the building”.

152 On or about 11 February 2011, Millenia engaged Arup as its PE. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

85AB 67310–67311; 99AB 78923–78959.

Arup then began to inspect the Cladding. I will refer to this inspection as
“the 100% Inspection”. In doing so, Arup followed a protocol (“the Aurecon
Protocol”) developed by Mr Yang Li (“Mr Yang”), Millenia’s façade expert in
this case. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

Vol 27 BAEIC, AEIC of Derrick Yap Chong Yeow dated 28 February 2014 at paras
11 and 30; 87AB 69518–69527.

The Aurecon Protocol required Arup to record observations of various items
listed therein. Notably, two of Arup’s witnesses, Mr Derrick Yap Chong Yeow
(“Mr Yap”) and Mr Chin, testified, and I find, that in inspecting the
Cladding, Arup was, in general, simply recording observations in accordance
with the Aurecon Protocol. Arup did not perform the further evaluative task of
assessing whether its observations amounted to defects, 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

Transcript, 19 May 2015, p 25; Transcript, 15 July 2015, pp 100–111.

with one exception: in identifying some panels to be in immediate danger of
falling in the near future, Arup assessed those panels to be defective. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

Transcript, 19 May 2015, p 56; Transcript, 15 July 2015, p 123.

Having recorded its observations, Arup prepared reports which it sent to
Millenia (“the 100% Inspection Reports”). 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

Vols 27–31 BAEIC, AEIC of Derrick Yap Chong Yeow dated 28 February 2014 at
para 34 and DY-17 (pp 584–3257).

Arup also created spreadsheets (“the 100% Inspection Spreadsheets”). There
were 20 of such spreadsheets, each of which identified the panels on which one
category of observation was found. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

Vols 27–31 BAEIC, AEIC of Derrick Yap Chong Yeow dated 28 February 2014 at
paras 48 and 59 and DY-37 (pp 3852–3872); 103AB 81756–81776.

153 On or around 11 February 2011, Millenia engaged Cementone (S) Pte Ltd
(“Cementone”) to carry out restraining works on the panels which Arup
identified were in immediate danger of falling.

154 On 13 February 2011, Mr Ong inspected the location from which the 2nd
Panel had fallen in the presence of an Arup representative. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

Vol 12 BAEIC, AEIC of Audrey Perez dated 4 March 2014 at paras 439 and 445;
4.5 DBD 2821–2833.

155 On 25 February 2011, Arup issued a report (“Arup’s 2011 Report”). 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

85AB 67799–67833.

In brief, Arup stated the following:

(a) The 2nd Panel was an infill panel which, similar to the 1st Panel, had
been installed without pins fixed into its top edge. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

85AB 67799, 67803.

Arup noted one difference: the panel above the 1st Panel had been restrained
with a half pin welded to the shaft. However, Arup did not find such a half
pin restraining the panel above the 2nd Panel. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

85AB 67799, 67813.

(b) Arup noted that while the original drawings for the Works did not include
a detail for the installation of infill panels, there was a sketch of the
detail in construction stage documentation. However, Arup had not found
evidence that this intended method of installing infill panels had been
adopted on site. Arup reiterated that it would not have been possible for
infill panels to be installed with top pins (see [49] above). 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

85AB 67799, 67811.

(c) Arup noted that, as was the case with the 1st Panel (see [47(c)] above),
the lower bracket pins of the 2nd Panel, which were still in place, had “bent
outwards due to a prying action of a rotating panel about its bottom edge”.
262

##### Foot Note 262

×

85AB 67799, 67815.

In other words, the lower pins had been bent as the 2nd Panel rotated outwards
before falling from the Cladding. This evidence is of vital importance
because, as I explain at [399]–[401] below, it indicates what the cause of the
2nd Fall was.

(d) Arup recommended the rectification of all infill panels, and a full 100%
inspection of all the panels on the Building.

156 On or around 8 August 2012, Arup issued a letter to Pontiac Land Pte Ltd
(“the 8 August 2012 Letter”). 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

102AB 81432–81435.

This letter is important in relation to the issue of whether Millenia is
entitled to claim the cost of a reclad of the Façade:

(a) Arup first noted that it had found “16 typical defects”, three of which
were “critical”, in its inspection of the Cladding. I note that most of these
16 defects appear to be reflected in the 16 categories of defects identified
in Arup’s 100% Inspection Reports (see [230] below), but the 16 types of
defects noted in this letter do not correspond exactly with the 16 categories
of defects noted below. The three critical defects were:

(i) cracks through the face and/or across the thickness of panels;

(ii) panels with two or more defective pins; and

(iii) spalling around pins areas “causing the effective number of pins to be 2
or less on the panel”.

(b) The letter then stated:

Whilst immediate rectification works are being carried out to address the
critical defects (first three noted above), there still remains a concern on
the long term structural integrity of the facade based on the remaining
defects that have been observed.

Corrosion to the fixings whilst not an immediate cause of concern will be a
long term cause of concern as the corrosion will continue to occur and could
potentially result in the failure of the fixing. This defect is difficult to
rectify without removing the stone panel to access the anchorages behind.
Although in isolated cases it is possible to support one stone panel by taking
support from its neighbours where there are multiple stones defective bracket
must be replaced.

Similar to this defect, there are several other defects that will need to be
rectified to prevent the occurrence of potential failure in the long term.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

(c) The letter then set out “three basic strategies available for the repair
of the façade”. Arup noted the following in relation to the first strategy,
which was called “Piecemeal repair of the existing façade”:

After the various defects have been identified a contractor would need to be
appointed to recondition the facade. … Whilst some [repairs] would be cosmetic
many others will require drilling additional supports into the supporting
concrete walls behind, or the removal of stones, to either access anchorages
as noted above or to repair the rear of the panels. In addition some cracked
panels will need to be replaced, and it is anticipated that other panels may
be damaged beyond repair during handling and dismantling. The result is likely
to be a long duration process and although the facade will be stabilised there
may be an inconsistent appearance due to the patchwork of new and old stone
panels. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

(d) Arup then set out two strategies, “Total replacement of the stone cladding
with cladding” and “Total replacement of the stone cladding and glazing with
an overcladding curtain wall”. The difference between them was that the first
involved retaining the existing glazing.

(e) Arup stated that, “[from] the assessment above, we believe that it would
be prudent to strip the entire façade and reclad, either option 2 or 3”
[emphasis added]. Arup also noted that a reclad would provide an opportunity
to improve the Façade with, eg, improved thermal performance, improved
durability and an improved building image.

(f) Arup then proposed to carry out a study to review the options for the
Façade, and stated the following:

We believe that without carrying out a complete replacement of the façade,
there will always remain a potential risk of future façade failures if
deterioration of the associated fixings or defects continues to occur.
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

In short, in the 8 August 2012 Letter, Arup recommended that Millenia reclad
the Façade. I accept that Arup noted in this letter that a reclad would
provide Millenia with an opportunity to improve the Façade. Yet reading the
letter as a whole, it is clear, and I find, that the recommendation to reclad
was made for three reasons: (1) safety (to eliminate the risk of future
failures of the Façade); (2) speed (to ensure safety risks were addressed
swiftly) and (3) aesthetics (to avoid the prospect that rectification works
would make the Façade unsightly).

157 During cross-examination of Ms Chee, Mr Ho relied on the 8 August 2012
Letter to suggest that Millenia had decided to reclad the Façade in bad faith.
According to Mr Ho, Millenia’s motive for recladding the Façade was to better
it: there were no genuine safety concerns justifying a reclad of the entire
Façade. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

Transcript, 10 April 2014, pp 143, 146 and 161–162.

Mr Singh objected to this line of cross-examination, on the basis that
Dragages did not plead that Millenia was opportunistic in recladding the
Façade and Millenia had thus not brought forward evidence to refute this
allegation. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

Transcript, 10 April 2014, pp 143, 156–157 and 163–164.

Mr Singh emphasised that the 8 August 2012 Letter was disclosed in discovery
(on 10 June 2013); yet Dragages had not amended its pleadings to allege bad
faith by Millenia. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

Transcript, 10 April 2014, pp 157–158 and 167.

I agreed with Mr Singh, and indicated to Mr Ho that while it was open to
Dragages to challenge the need for a reclad, the suggestion that Millenia was
opportunistic in recladding the Façade was not part of its case. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

Transcript, 10 April 2014, p 166.

158 In any event, Ms Chee testified that the decision to reclad was made
purely on safety reasons, 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

Transcript, 10 April 2014, p 149.

and I accept her evidence. Millenia submits that it decided to reclad the
Façade based on Arup’s advice. 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

Millenia’s reply submissions at para 542.

I note that Ms Chee did not expressly testify that Millenia relied on Arup’s
advice to reclad the Façade. But it is difficult to conceive that Millenia did
not do so given that (1) Arup was Millenia’s consultant, (2) Arup recommended
a reclad for safety reasons and (3) Millenia decided to reclad the Façade on
safety grounds. I thus find that Millenia relied on Arup’s advice in deciding
to reclad the Façade.

159 On 28 August 2012, Millenia commenced this action against Dragages,
Builders Shop and Meinhardt Singapore. 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

Writ of summons dated 28 August 2013.

After Meinhardt Singapore filed its defence, Millenia added Meinhardt Façade
as a defendant to the suit. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

Writ of summons (Amendment No 1) dated 16 November 2012.

160 On or about 10 October 2012, Arup completed its inspection of the
Cladding. 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

102AB 81314.

161 On or about 15 November 2012, Cementone completed its restraining works.
273

##### Foot Note 273

×

102AB 81592.

According to the 100% Inspection Reports, 630 panels which were in immediate
danger of falling were restrained. Arup informed the BCA of this by an email
dated 7 December 2012. 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

103AB 81747–81748.

162 By a letter to Arup dated 27 November 2012 (“the 27 November 2012
Letter”), the BCA requested Arup to clarify the following matters: 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

103AB 81707.

(a) the nature and number of temporarily restrained panels;

(b) whether follow-up action was recommended for the defective panels which
had not been restrained; and

(c) “the safety of the building façade with panels which are both restrained
and not restrained in the short term (for the next 1 year)” [emphasis added].
In other words, the BCA sought clarification on the safety of the Façade
within the next one year.

163 On 4 December 2012, Mr Yap drafted a reply to the 27 November 2012 Letter
(“the 4 December 2012 Draft”) stating, inter alia, the following: 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

103AB 81730–81731.

(a) the restraints were “constructed of materials that are intended to give a
service life in excess of two years”;

(b) it was “Millenia’s intent to carry out a replacement of the entire stone
cladding …”; and

(c) Arup’s opinion was that the Façade “with panels both restrained and not
restrained and in their original condition are safe and not in immediate
danger of falling” [emphasis added]. It is important to note, however, that in
stating this opinion, Arup was replying to a query about the safety of the
Façade in the immediate future (see [162(c)] above). The statement in the 4
December 2012 Draft that the Façade was “safe” must be read in this context: I
do not understand it to be a statement that the Façade was safe for its design
life. This could not have been what Arup meant given their earlier advice in
the 8 August 2012 Letter.

164 On 7 December 2012, however, after a discussion with Ms Chee, Mr Yap
prepared a revised draft of the reply to the BCA (“the 7 December 2012
Letter”), 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

103AB 81736–81738.

which he sent to the BCA later that day after making a minor edit which is
inconsequential. 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

Vol 27 BAEIC, AEIC of Derrick Yap Chong Yeow dated 28 February 2014 at para
58; 103AB 81739–81746.

The 7 December 2012 Letter differed from the earlier draft in the following
ways:

(a) first, the sentence referred to at [163(a)] above was deleted;

(b) secondly, the sentence referred to at [163(b)] above was deleted and
replaced with the following: “We will not comment on the follow up action of
the panels which have not been restrained since Millenia is considering
carrying out a replacement of the stone façade”; and

(c) thirdly, the words “safe and” were deleted from the sentence referred to
at [163(c)] above, such that the sentence states that “panels both restrained
and not restrained and in their original condition are not in immediate danger
of falling” [emphasis added].

165 During oral submissions, Mr Ho submitted that (1) Millenia decided to
reclad the Building in late 2012 and (2) this decision was not made for safety
reasons. Mr Ho also submitted that Millenia suggested the changes reflected in
the 7 December 2012 Letter because Millenia “didn’t want anything that could
be issued, that could be used against them later to say that they replaced it
under certain circumstances”. 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

Transcript, 23 February 2017, pp 87–88.

I do not accept this submission:

(a) First, I do not accept that Millenia decided to reclad the Façade to
improve it rather than on the basis that it was unsafe. As I have noted,
Dragages did not plead this claim and I have found that Millenia decided to
reclad the Façade for safety reasons (see [157]–[158] above). It is important
to note that if the decision to reclad was made in late 2012, as Mr Ho
submitted, it was taken after the 8 August 2012 Letter where Arup recommended
a reclad for safety reasons (see [156] above).

(b) Secondly, I also do not accept Dragages’ allegations regarding Ms Chee’s
motives for the changes she (may have) suggested to the 4 December 2012 Draft.
Importantly, as Mr Singh noted, Mr Ho did not ask Ms Chee questions about the
7 December 2012 Letter. In particular, Mr Ho did not suggest that Ms Chee had
caused Arup to change the wording for Millenia’s purposes. 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

Transcript, 24 February 2017, pp 205–206.

In the circumstances, I do not accept that Mr Ho is entitled to raise this
allegation against Ms Chee in submissions. Further, as I have explained (see
[163(c)] above), I do not understand Arup to have been stating in the 4
December 2012 Draft anything more than that the Façade was safe in the short
term. Any suggestion that Millenia suppressed an unequivocal statement by Arup
that the Façade was safe is therefore without force.

166 On 6 December 2012, Dragages began third-party proceedings against Arup.
281

##### Foot Note 281

×

Dragages’ third party notice dated 6 December 2012.

Builders Shop, Meinhardt Singapore and Meinhardt Façade followed suit and
joined Arup as a third party. 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

Builders Shop’s third party notice dated 8 February 2013; Meinhardt Singapore
and Meinhardt Façade’s third party notice dated 14 March 2013.

Subsequently, on 18 October 2013, Millenia added Arup as a defendant to this
action. 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

Writ of summons (Amendment No 2) dated 18 October 2013.

167 In or around March 2014, Millenia started the tender process for the
reclad of the Façade (“the Reclad”). Millenia’s solicitors informed the court
and the defendants of this during a pre-trial conference (“PTC”) on 5 March
2014, and offered the defendants an opportunity to inspect the Cladding before
the Reclad began. 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

Notes of Evidence, 5 March 2014, p 2.

It should be noted that this opportunity was not taken up by the other
parties.

168 On or about 22 May 2015, Millenia began works to declad and reclad the
Façade. 285

##### Foot Note 285

×

AEIC of Yang Li dated 1 October 2015 at para 3.

Mr Yang prepared a report on, inter alia, the state of the Façade behind the
stone panels (“the Reclad Report”).

The parties’ cases

Millenia’s statement of claim

169 Millenia’s case is that the defendants breached their contractual and/or
tortious duties owed to Millenia and thereby caused it loss and damage.

170 Millenia’s case is that Dragages and Builders Shop breached:

(a) the Deed and/or their duties of care in tort, in performing the Works
and/or the Sub-contract Works;

(b) the Deed, because the Cladding was not free of defects and deteriorated or
failed within 15 years from the date of practical completion, and the Building
was not fit for its purpose;

(c) the Settlement Agreement and/or their duties of care in tort, in
undertaking the Rectification Works; and

(d) the Settlement Agreement, by appointing Meinhardt Façade to undertake
Meinhardt Singapore’s roles under the Settlement Agreement and failing to
ensure that Meinhardt Singapore performed those roles. 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

Millenia’s SOC at paras 71–73, 75 and 80.

Additionally, Millenia claims that Dragages breached the Contract and/or its
duty of care in tort in performing the Works. 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

Millenia’s SOC at para 71.

171 Millenia’s case is that the Meinhardt Parties breached their duties of
care in tort to Millenia in the following ways:

(a) failing to fully inspect the Cladding with due care, in particular:

(i) failing to identify (1) panels resting on shafts that failed to
sufficiently protrude beyond the conical bolts, ie, they were too short and
(2) panels restrained by brackets which were not perpendicular to the RC wall;

(ii) failing to identify all panels with temporary spacers, nuts and washers
or rods between them; and

(iii) failing to identify all panels that were shaky because the holes into
which the pins were inserted were too large;

(b) approving the rectification works performed using the Stitching Procedure;

(c) failing to propose remedial and/or rectification works to ensure that the
Building would be fit for its purpose; and

(d) making negligent representations that the Rectification Works carried out
by Dragages and Builders Shop complied with rectification methods proposed by
the Meinhardt Parties, were of a permanent nature and were carried out in a
good workmanlike manner pursuant to, among other things, cl 12 of the
Settlement Agreement. 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

Millenia’s SOC at paras 74 and paras 76–79.

Notably, Millenia avers that Meinhardt Singapore was engaged to perform the
Meinhardt’s roles under the Settlement Agreement, and Meinhardt Singapore
carried out those roles by its agent or nominee, Meinhardt Façade. 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

Millenia’s SOC at paras 50–51.

This is a crucial plank of Millenia’s case against Meinhardt Singapore.

172 Millenia’s case is that Arup breached:

(a) Arup’s 2004 Appointment Letter and/or its duty of care in tort:

(i) by failing to advise Millenia to

(A) undertake proper and/or adequate maintenance of the Building, and/or

(B) implement proper and/or adequate safety and/or risk management measures to
guard against adverse effects to the Building caused by deep underground works
in the vicinity; and

(ii) by failing to properly identify defects in the 8 Drops;

(b) Arup’s 2007 Appointment Letter and/or its duty of care in tort:

(i) by negligently providing written confirmation that the defects in the
Cladding were rectified satisfactorily; and

(ii) by failing to ensure that the Building would be fit for its purpose upon
the completion of the Rectification Works. 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

Millenia’s SOC at paras 81–83.

173 Millenia claims that the defendants’ breaches of their duties to Millenia
caused the Cladding to contain serious and substantial defects. 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

Millenia’s SOC at paras 84–85.

Consequently, stone panels were (at risk of) cracking, chipping and/or
becoming “shaky”, and so in danger of falling off the Cladding. Therefore, the
Cladding or a substantial part thereof was structurally unsafe and in need of
rectification/replacement; and the Building was no longer fit for its purpose.

174 Millenia avers that the defendants’ breaches of their duties caused it to
suffer loss. Broadly, the loss which Millenia pleads falls within two
categories. First, the loss which allegedly resulted from the 2nd Fall.
Secondly, the loss of rectifying or replacing the Cladding, which loss
allegedly resulted from the Cladding being structurally unsafe. Millenia seeks
an indemnity from Dragages, Builders Shop and Arup against all loss and damage
suffered by Millenia; and damages, interests and costs on an indemnity basis
from the defendants. 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

Millenia’s SOC at paras 74 and paras 88(1)–(2).

175 Importantly, in its closing submissions, Millenia states that it is not
pursuing a claim for the cost of rectifying or replacing the Cladding from the
Meinhardt Parties or Arup. This is subject to a caveat. In respect of the
Meinhardt Parties, Millenia submits that if it has lost remedies against
Dragages or Builders Shop due to the negligence of the Meinhardt Parties, it
is entitled to recover the full sum it claims in this suit from the Meinhardt
Parties. In respect of Arup, Millenia submits that if it has lost remedies
against Dragages, Builders Shop and the Meinhardt Parties due to Arup’s
negligence, it is entitled to recover the full sum it claims in this suit from
Arup. 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 877.

In oral submissions, Mr Singh confirmed that this was Millenia’s position,
stating the following: 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

Transcript, 23 February 2017, pp 76 and 79.

In the circumstances, as far as Meinhardt (Singapore) and Meinhardt Façade are
concerned, our claim is for damages consequent or as a result of and flowing
from the [2nd Fall]. As we said in our opening statement, to the extent that
any of our claims against Dragages and Builders Shop have been compromised
because of Meinhardt’s conduct, then we claim damages against them for that as
well.

…

Insofar as Arup is concerned, likewise, our claim is for damages resulting
from the [2nd Fall] and also if any of our claims against Dragages and
Builders Shop have been compromised then, to that extent, damages.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Millenia’s claims against the Meinhardt Parties and Arup fall to be considered
in this light.

The defendants’ defences to Millenia’s statement of claim and Builders Shop’s
and Arup’s counterclaims against Millenia

176 Dragages and Builders Shop mount broadly similar defences:

(a) First, they deny that they breached their contractual duties or duties of
care in tort (which duties of care are denied). 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

Dragages’ Defence at paras 37B, 38A, 46D, 47, 51 and 57; Builders Shop’s
Defence and Counterclaim at paras 20, 34 and 37(a)–(g), (j)–(k) and (p).

Moreover, they aver that Millenia is estopped from alleging the breach at
[170(d)] above; Builders Shop also claims that Millenia waived any requirement
that Meinhardt Singapore was to perform its roles under the Settlement
Agreement instead of Meinhardt Façade. 296

##### Foot Note 296

×

Dragages’ Defence at para 32; Builders Shop’s Defence and Counterclaim at para
37(p).

Builders Shop also avers that Millenia is estopped from alleging that it did
not perform the Rectification Works, and waived any duty for it to rectify any
defects. 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

Builders Shop’s Defence and Counterclaim at paras 37(g) and 37(m).

(b) Secondly, Dragages and Builders Shop aver that, even if they breached
their duties, these breaches did not cause any defects in the Cladding nor
cause Millenia to suffer any loss. 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

Dragages’ Defence at paras 46A to 46B and 58 to 59; Builders Shop’s Defence
and Counterclaim at paras 31(a), 31(c) and 37(h).

(c) Thirdly, they claim that, even if Millenia had otherwise valid causes of
action against them for breaching their contractual duties and duties of care
in tort, their causes of action in relation to the defects were compromised by
and/or merged into the Settlement Agreement. 299

##### Foot Note 299

×

Dragages’ Defence at paras 46E and 48; Builders Shop’s Defence and
Counterclaim at paras 31(b), 34A and 37(i).

(d) Fourthly, they plead that any cause of action under the Contract (against
Dragages) and for negligent performance of the Works and/or the Sub-Contract
Works (against them both) is time-barred under the Limitation Act (Cap 163,
1996 Rev Ed) (“Limitation Act”). 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

Dragages’ Defence at paras 46F and 48A; Builders Shop’s Defence and
Counterclaim at para 35.

177 Builders Shop also brings a counterclaim against Millenia. This is
conditioned on a finding that Builders Shop did not complete the Rectification
Works, and was responsible for the defects relied upon by Millenia. On that
premise, Builders Shop avers that Millenia breached the Settlement Agreement
by failing to highlight that the Rectification Works were incomplete and, on
the contrary, confirming that the Rectification Works were complete. Builder
Shop seeks a declaration that Millenia is liable to fully indemnify it for the
costs of completing the Rectification Works and/or rectifying the defects. 301

##### Foot Note 301

×

Builders Shop’s Defence and Counterclaim at para 40.

178 The Meinhardt Parties deny that they owed any duty of care in tort to
Millenia. 302

##### Foot Note 302

×

Meinhardt Singapore’s Defence at paras 41 and 43–44; Meinhardt Façade’s
Defence (Amendment No 2) (“Meinhardt Façade’s Defence”) at para 15(a)–(b),
18(a), 28(a), 28A, and 29(a).

In particular, Meinhardt Singapore denies that it was engaged to perform the
roles assigned to Meinhardt under the Settlement Agreement. According to
Meinhardt Singapore, it did not owe any duty of care to Millenia because it
was not involved in any inspection of the Façade and did not request Meinhardt
Façade to do anything on its behalf. 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

Meinhardt Singapore’s Defence at paras 24–25, 27, 41 and 44.

179 Meinhardt Façade further avers that, even if it owed such duties to
Millenia, it did not breach them. 304

##### Foot Note 304

×

Meinhardt Façade’s Defence at paras 26(a), 28(b) and 29(b).

Additionally, the Meinhardt Parties aver that, even if they breached duties to
Millenia, they are only liable for the costs of re-inspecting the Cladding
which they (allegedly) inspected, and not for any relief claimed by Millenia.
305

##### Foot Note 305

×

Meinhardt Singapore’s Defence at paras 49–52; Meinhardt Façade’s Defence at
paras 33–36A.

180 Arup’s defence is that it did not owe some of the duties which Millenia
contended for; 306

##### Foot Note 306

×

Arup’s Defence and Counterclaim at paras 18–22, 38–41, 56–58.

moreover, it did not breach any duty to Millenia; 307

##### Foot Note 307

×

Arup’s Defence and Counterclaim at paras 56 and 60.

and any such breach did not cause Millenia any loss. 308

##### Foot Note 308

×

Arup’s Defence and Counterclaim at para 61.

Millenia’s claims under Arup’s 2004 and 2007 Appointment Letters are also
time-barred and subject to limitation of liability clauses. 309

##### Foot Note 309

×

Arup’s Defence and Counterclaim at paras 13–14 and 34–35.

181 Arup counterclaims for two declarations or orders, interest and costs on
an indemnity basis. 310

##### Foot Note 310

×

Arup’s Defence and Counterclaim at para 72.

First, it seeks a declaration or order that Millenia’s claims against it are
time-barred, an abuse of process and should be struck out. Secondly, it seeks
a declaration or order that Millenia, at all times, indemnify it against all
loss arising from the proceedings and the third party action. In this regard,
Arup expressly pleads cl 2 of the 2007 Appointment Letter and states that it
will rely on the terms of, among other things, the 2007 Appointment Letter for
their full effect at trial. 311

##### Foot Note 311

×

Arup’s Defence and Counterclaim at paras 67–68.

Arup also claims that Millenia breached an implied term of Arup’s 2007
Appointment Letter that it would fully communicate Arup’s concerns about the
Rectification Works to the other defendants, thereby causing the latter
parties to initiate third party proceedings against Arup. 312

##### Foot Note 312

×

Arup’s Defence and Counterclaim at paras 71–72.

Millenia’s replies to the defences and defences to Builders Shop’s and Arup’s
counterclaims

182 In response to Dragages’ and Builders Shop’s defences, Millenia avers that
it relied on them to carry out their duties under the Settlement Agreement
(and, in respect of Dragages, its duties under the Contract). 313

##### Foot Note 313

×

Millenia’s Reply (Amendment No 2) to Dragages’ Defence (“Millenia’s Reply to
Dragages”) at paras 2A and paras 15–16; Millenia’s Reply and Defence
(Amendment No 2) to Builders Shop’s Defence and Counterclaim (“Millenia’s
Reply to Builders Shop and Defence to Counterclaim”) at para 7(a).

Millenia denies that its claims arising out of the 1st Fall and the defects
subject to the Settlement Agreement had been compromised by and/or merged
into, or settled under, the Settlement Agreement, such that Dragages and
Builders Shop are not liable in respect of those claims. 314

##### Foot Note 314

×

Millenia’s Reply to Dragages at paras 10–11; Millenia’s Reply to Builders Shop
and Defence to Counterclaim at paras 5 and 11A(a)–(b).

Millenia also denies that its claims are time-barred. 315

##### Foot Note 315

×

Millenia’s Reply to Dragages at paras 19–20; Millenia’s Reply to Builders Shop
and Defence to Counterclaim at para 11A(c).

183 Millenia did not reply to the Meinhardt Parties’ defences.

184 In response to Arup’s defence, Millenia denies that its claims against
Arup are time-barred or subject to the limitation of liability clauses which
Arup invokes. 316

##### Foot Note 316

×

Millenia’s Reply to Arup’s Defence and Counterclaim at paras 3, 4(a)–(e), and
5.

Millenia avers that, even if the limitation of liability and time-bar clauses
which Arup invokes were incorporated into the 2004 and 2007 Appointment
Letters, they breach the Unfair Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed)
(“UCTA”) and thus Arup cannot rely on them. 317

##### Foot Note 317

×

Millenia’s Reply to Arup’s Defence and Counterclaim at paras 4(f), 16 and
17(a).

185 Millenia’s defence to Builders Shop’s counterclaim is that it does not
disclose a cause of action; it also did not breach the Settlement Agreement.
318

##### Foot Note 318

×

Millenia’s Reply to Builders Shop and Defence to Counterclaim at paras 15–18.

186 Millenia’s defence to Arup’s counterclaim is that:

(a) it does not disclose a cause of action;

(b) the indemnity clause which Arup invokes does not apply or falls afoul of
the UCTA;

(c) in any event, Millenia had no duty to communicate Arup’s concerns about
the Rectification Works to the other defendants; and

(d) even if Millenia had such a duty, it fulfilled it. 319

##### Foot Note 319

×

Millenia’s Reply to Arup’s Defence and Counterclaim at paras 28–37.

Dragages, Builders Shop and the Meinhardt Parties’ statements of claim against
Arup

187 Dragages’ case against Arup has two prongs:

(a) First, Arup breached its duties in contract and/or tort to Millenia by
failing to undertake and/or advise Millenia to undertake proper maintenance of
the Building and failing to implement and/or advise Millenia to implement
proper safety and/or risk management measures in respect of adverse effects to
the Building caused by deep underground works near the Building. These
breaches caused the 2nd Fall and the alleged defects. 320

##### Foot Note 320

×

Dragages’ Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) (“Dragages’ SOC”) at paras 6 and
17–21.

(b) Secondly, even if Dragages is liable to Millenia for the 2nd Fall and the
alleged defects, Arup contributed to these consequences by negligently
accepting the Rectification Works as satisfactory and in accordance with the
Settlement Agreement, in breach of its contractual duty or its duty of care in
tort. 321

##### Foot Note 321

×

Dragages’ SOC at para 22.

In the event that Dragages is held to be liable to Millenia, Dragages claims a
contribution from Arup in respect of the partial amounts due from it to
Millenia (including costs) and its costs in this suit and the third party
proceedings. 322

##### Foot Note 322

×

Dragages’ SOC at paras 7 and 23.

188 Builders Shop broadly adopts Dragages’ case against Arup. 323

##### Foot Note 323

×

Builders Shop’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) (“Builders Shop’s SOC”) at
paras 2–3 and 22–25.

It also avers that, if it is liable to Millenia, Arup breached its duty of
care in tort to Builders Shop and/or committed negligent misrepresentation, by
confirming that the Rectification Works were completed, and failing to inform
and/or warn Builders Shop that its works were inadequate or defective. 324

##### Foot Note 324

×

Builders Shop’s SOC at paras 26–31.

Builders Shop seeks damages for Arup’s breach of its duty of care,
contribution for its liability (if any) to Millenia and its costs in this suit
and the third party proceedings. 325

##### Foot Note 325

×

Builders Shop’s SOC at para 32.

189 The Meinhardt Parties’ case against Arup is as follows:

(a) First, Arup breached its duties in contract and/or tort to Millenia by
failing to properly identify defects in the 8 Drops, properly satisfy itself
that Meinhardt’s 2008 Report was adequate, properly satisfy itself that the
Rectification Works were carried out correctly, and/or by committing the
breaches pleaded by Millenia against Arup. Due to these breaches, Arup is
wholly responsible for the 2nd Fall and the alleged defects in the Cladding.
326

##### Foot Note 326

×

The Meinhardt Parties’ Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) (“The Meinhardt
Parties’ SOC”) at paras 28–29.

(b) Secondly, even if the Meinhardt Parties negligently caused the 2nd Fall
and the alleged defects, Arup’s breaches (see [(a)] above) wholly caused or
contributed to Millenia’s loss and damage. 327

##### Foot Note 327

×

The Meinhardt Parties’ SOC at para 30.

In the event that the Meinhardt Parties are held liable to Millenia, they seek
an indemnity or, in the alternative, a contribution from Arup, in respect of,
inter alia, sums due from them to Millenia (including costs) and their costs
in this suit and the third party proceedings. 328

##### Foot Note 328

×

The Meinhardt Parties’ SOC at para 31(1)–(3).

Arup’s defences to Dragages, Builders Shop and the Meinhardt Parties’
statements of claim

190 Arup’s defences to Dragages’ and Builders Shop’s claims are as follows:

(a) first, it did not breach its duties to Millenia; and

(b) secondly, in respect of Builders Shop’s case, it did not owe a duty of
care to the latter; 329

##### Foot Note 329

×

Arup’s Defence to Builders Shop’s SOC at paras 47B–49.

moreover, it did not give written confirmation that the Rectification Works
were satisfactorily carried out. 330

##### Foot Note 330

×

Arup’s Defence to Builders Shop’s SOC at paras 47–47A and 49.

191 Arup’s defence to the Meinhardt Parties’ case is that it did not breach
its duties to Millenia; moreover, even if it did, its breaches did not cause
the 2nd Fall or the alleged defects in the Cladding. 331

##### Foot Note 331

×

Arup’s Defence to The Meinhardt Parties’ SOC (“Arup’s Defence to The Meinhardt
Parties’ SOC”) at paras 35–36.

192 Moreover, Arup alleges that Arup’s 2004 and 2007 Appointment Letters were
subject to time-bar, limitation of liability, and net contribution clauses and
required Millenia to indemnify Arup for claims against it. 332

##### Foot Note 332

×

Arup’s Defence to Dragages’ SOC at paras 13 and 20; Arup’s Defence to Builders
Shop’s SOC at paras 13 and 20; Arup’s Defence to The Meinhardt Parties’ SOC at
paras 10 and 17.

Dragages, Builders Shop and the Meinhardt Parties’ replies to Arup’s defences

193 Dragages denies that the clauses and requirement contended for by Arup
(see [192] above) were part of Arup’s 2004 and 2007 Appointment Letters;
further, even if they were, they fell afoul of the UCTA. 333

##### Foot Note 333

×

Dragages’ Reply to Arup’s Defence to Dragages’ SOC (Amendment No 1)
(“Dragages’ Reply”) at paras 6–8 and 13.

Dragages further avers that Arup provided written confirmation that the
Rectification Works were completed; and, further, had an implied duty not to
unreasonably refuse or fail to issue such confirmation, the breach of which
had the consequence of the Rectification Works being deemed to be completed
and properly carried out. 334

##### Foot Note 334

×

Dragages’ Reply at paras 21–23.

194 The other replies to Arup’s defences are brief. Builders Shop states that
it did not know of Arup’s 2004 and 2007 Appointment Letters and would rely on
their terms, meaning and effect at trial. 335

##### Foot Note 335

×

Builders Shop’s Reply to Arup’s Defence (Amendment No 1) (“Builders Shop’s
Reply”) at paras 7–8.

The Meinhardt Parties aver that, as they were not party to Arup’s 2007
Appointment Letter, the clauses therein did not apply to their claims against
Arup. 336

##### Foot Note 336

×

The Meinhardt Parties’ Reply to Arup’s Defence (Amendment No 1) (“The
Meinhardt Parties’ Reply”) at para 6.

The issues

195 Millenia’s case is that the defendants’ breaches of their duties caused
(1) the 2nd Fall and (2) serious and substantial defects in the Cladding, by
virtue of which the Cladding was structurally unsafe.

196 No one disputes, nor can it be disputed, that the 2nd Fall occurred. Yet,
it was at least initially disputed whether the Cladding contained serious and
substantial defects that affected its safety and structural integrity, before
the Façade was reclad; and the nature and extent of those defects are
disputed. The cause of the 2nd Fall and the alleged defects is also disputed.
There are therefore two overarching issues which have to be determined.

(a) First, did the Cladding contain serious and substantial defects which
rendered it structurally unsafe, before the Façade was reclad; and if so, what
was the nature and extent of the defects (“the Defects Issue”)?

(b) Secondly, what caused:

(i) the 2nd Fall; and

(ii) if the answer to [(a)] is in the affirmative, the defects in the Cladding
(“the Causation Issue”)?

197 In respect of Millenia’s claims against Dragages and Builders Shop, the
following issues fall to be determined:

(a) First, what duties did Dragages and Builders Shop owe to Millenia in
contract and in tort?

(b) Secondly, did Dragages and Builders Shop breach these duties?

(c) Thirdly, did any breaches by Dragages and Builders Shop of their duties to
Millenia cause the latter to suffer loss?

(d) Fourthly, if Millenia has otherwise valid causes of action against
Dragages and Builders Shop, are any of these compromised by and/or merged into
the Settlement Agreement?

(e) Fifthly, if Millenia has otherwise valid causes of action against Dragages
and Builders Shop, are any of these time-barred?

198 In relation to Millenia’s claims against the Meinhardt Parties, the
following issues fall to be determined:

(a) First, did Meinhardt Singapore carry out the roles assigned to Meinhardt
under the Settlement Agreement?

(b) Secondly, did the Meinhardt Parties owe any duty of care to Millenia in
tort?

(c) Thirdly, did the Meinhardt Parties breach any such duties?

(d) Fourthly, did any such breach cause Millenia to suffer loss?

199 Millenia’s claim against Arup raises the following issues:

(a) First, did Arup breach any duty to Millenia?

(b) Secondly, did any such breach caused Millenia to suffer loss?

(c) Thirdly, are Millenia’s claims against Arup time-barred or subject to
limitation of liability clauses?

200 In respect of the counterclaims against Millenia, the key issue is whether
they disclose any cause of action against Millenia and whether, even if they
do, Millenia breached the duties alleged by Builders Shop and Arup.

201 In relation to the third party actions against Arup, the following issues
fall to be determined:

(a) First, did Arup breach the duties to Millenia which Dragages, Builders
Shop and the Meinhardt Parties alleged?

(b) Secondly, did any such breach cause the 2nd Fall or the alleged defects in
the Cladding?

(c) Thirdly, do the time-bar, limitation of liability and net contribution
clauses which Arup relies on apply?

202 Finally, a central issue is whether if the defendants are liable to
Millenia, Millenia is entitled to recover the costs of the reclad of the
Façade (“the Reclad Issue”).

203 I shall now examine these issues in turn.

The Defects Issue

204 The first issue is whether the Cladding contained serious and substantial
defects which rendered it unsafe, before the Façade was reclad; and if so,
what was the nature and extent of the defects. Before delving into the
evidence, I address two preliminary issues which arise from the parties’
submissions: the nature of the evidence on the defects and the credibility of
the façade experts.

Preliminary issues

The nature of the evidence

205 The evidence on the defects consists primarily of:

(a) the photographs of panels and comments in the 100% Inspection Reports and
the evidence of the façade experts regarding the same;

(b) the expert reports of the defendants’ façade experts based on their
inspections of representative sections of the Cladding; and

(c) the Reclad Report and the supplementary reports prepared by the
defendants’ façade experts on the Reclad Report.

Reference was also made to the 100% Spreadsheets and two other spreadsheets
prepared by Millenia (“the 68% Spreadsheet” and “the 66% Spreadsheets”),
reports by Earth Arts, Arup and Meinhardt Façade of their inspections of the
Façade and records by Cementone of the panels it restrained after the 2nd
Fall.

206 During the trial, there was much controversy over the evidence on the
defects, some of which has found its way into the parties’ submissions. I will
therefore express my views on the relevant points.

(1) The 100% Inspection Reports and the 100% Spreadsheets

207 As noted at [152] above, Arup did not assess the panels noted in the 100%
Inspection Reports and the 100% Inspection Spreadsheets to be defective (with
the exception of panels that Arup assessed to be in danger of falling in the
near future). Rather, Arup made observations in accordance with the Aurecon
Protocol and left it to Mr Yang to assess whether its observations were
observations of defects. Dragages submits that Millenia therefore cannot rely
on the 100% Inspection Reports and the 100% Inspection Spreadsheets as
evidence of defects without more, because what was recorded therein was not
assessed by Arup to be defects. 337

##### Foot Note 337

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at para 58.

According to Dragages, this means that “[t]he cornerstone of [Millenia’s] case
is missing”.

208 In my view, it is important to distinguish two different questions:

(a) First, is there evidence that each and every panel recorded in the 100%
Inspection Reports and the 100% Inspection Spreadsheets had the (alleged)
defects recorded therein? The answer is plainly no. Millenia did not seek to
establish that each and every panel recorded by Arup had the (alleged) defects
Arup observed. On the contrary, as I note below, Millenia adduced the 66%
Spreadsheets during the trial, which reflected Mr Yang’s view (see [215]
below) that Arup’s records were both over-inclusive (some panels did not have
the alleged defects Arup observed) and under-inclusive (some panels had
defects which Arup did not record). (To be clear, I note that Mr Singh
emphasised that the 66% Spreadsheets were not being adduced as evidence and I
did not admit the 66% Spreadsheets as evidence. 338

##### Foot Note 338

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, p 187; Transcript, 3 March 2016, pp 45–46.

I therefore do not treat the 66% Spreadsheets as evidence. This has
implications: see [217] below.)

(b) Secondly, is there evidence that some (alleged) defects recorded by Arup
were defects? The answer is clearly yes. The 100% Inspection Reports and the
100% Inspection Spreadsheets do not stand alone. Over 14 days of witness
conferencing, the façade experts gave detailed evidence on the contents of the
100% Inspection Reports and assessed many stone panels to be defective. There
was thus ample expert evidence on the observations recorded by Arup; and
critically, ample evidence that many panels Arup observed were defective.

Ultimately, I do not consider it material that Arup did not generally assess
the observations it recorded to be defects. It was not incumbent on Millenia
to prove that each and every observation noted by Arup was a defect. What
Millenia had to show was that there were serious and substantial defects that
rendered the Cladding unsafe. Expert evidence to that end was adduced at
trial.

209 I note, however, that there are limitations with the evidence in the 100%
Inspection Reports. A number of photographs that Mr Yang showed me during the
trial were unclear: they did not disclose the extent or nature of the alleged
defect. However, I was generally able to form a view on the nature and
prevalence of the alleged defect in question. I relied not only on the 100%
Inspection Reports, but on the expert evidence of the defendants’ façade
experts which was based on their inspections of portions of the Cladding (see
[205(b)] above). I went through hundreds of photographs and, where available,
accompanying documents and evidence.

(2) The Reclad Report

210 The Reclad Report was prepared based on photographs taken during the
Reclad, which began on 22 May 2015 (see [168] above). Millenia applied for the
Reclad Report to be admitted into the evidence, before the witness
conferencing of the façade experts. In its submissions, Dragages emphasises
that the Reclad Report was filed on 21 September 2015, after the factual
witnesses and most of the other experts had given evidence. 339

##### Foot Note 339

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at para 10.

I note, however, that at the very latest, the possibility that the Reclad
Report might be introduced into evidence was raised during the trial on 22
April 2014. 340

##### Foot Note 340

×

Transcript, 22 April 2014, pp 47–48.

211 Dragages objected to the admission of the Reclad Report. After hearing the
parties, I allowed Millenia’s application for the Reclad Report to be admitted
into the evidence for two main reasons. 341

##### Foot Note 341

×

Transcript, 30 September 2015, pp 2–3.

First, I was satisfied that the evidence in the Reclad Report was credible and
very relevant to the issues to be determined in this trial, in particular the
Defects Issue and the Reclad Issue. Secondly, I considered that no prejudice
would be caused to the defendants through the admission of the Reclad Report
that could not be remedied by costs orders. I was fortified in these views in
the course of the trial. It became apparent that the photographs in the Reclad
Report (“the Reclad Photographs”) showed many defects that had been hidden
before the Reclad, such as corroding washers securing type A brackets, which
Arup and Meinhardt Façade did not observe in their inspections of the Façade,
and improperly embedded anchor bolts and brackets (see [681(b)] below). The
Reclad Report was therefore very useful. Further, I observed that the
defendants’ façade experts were well able to meet the evidence in the Reclad
Report in their supplementary reports and during the witness conferencing. It
was thus evident that the defendants did not suffer any prejudice through the
admission of the Reclad Report that could not be remedied by appropriate
orders on costs.

212 In their supplementary reports, the defendants’ façade experts noted that
the decladding works may have damaged the panels and bracketing systems. 342

##### Foot Note 342

×

AEIC of Peter Lalas dated 29 January 2016 at PL-1, para 34 (p 15); AEIC of
James Phillip Mann and Hugh Keithly dated 20 January 2016 at para 32.5 (p 44).

I bore this in mind in assessing the Reclad Photographs and Mr Yang’s evidence
on the same. I note, however, that at the PTC on 5 March 2014, Millenia stated
that it was proceeding with the tender for the Reclad and offered the
defendants an opportunity to inspect the Cladding before the Reclad began (see
[167] above). On 22 April 2014, Millenia stated that it would be looking into
preparing the Reclad Report (see [210] above). The defendants thus knew (1)
that the Façade was going to be reclad and (2) that a report would be prepared
based on what was observed during that process. Any concerns over the nature
of the decladding works may have been avoided or alleviated if the defendants
had requested to observe the decladding works. No such request was made.

(3) The 68% Spreadsheet and the 66% Spreadsheets

213 The 68% Spreadsheet refers to a spreadsheet adduced by Millenia. 343

##### Foot Note 343

×

Millenia’s further and better particulars (Amendment No 2) dated 2 February
2016 at p 20.

This spreadsheet depicts all the panels from levels 3 to 35 of the Building
and reflects Mr Yang’s view on which panels were defective. The panels in the
68% Spreadsheet are coloured green, red and purple. 344

##### Foot Note 344

×

Transcript, 4 March 2016, p 2.

Mr Yang’s evidence was that he reviewed all of the panels in the 100%
Inspection Reports and came to the view, on that basis, that 66% of the panels
from levels 3 to 35 of the Building were defective. 345

##### Foot Note 345

×

Transcript, 29 February 2016, pp 150–152; Vol 9 BAEIC, AEIC of Yang Li dated
15 January 2014 at LY-02, para 281 (amended) (p 112).

I note, however, that Mr Yang did not inspect the Façade but relied on
photographs and documents in the 100% Inspection Reports in arriving at this
view. The panels that Mr Yang assessed to be defective based on the 100%
Inspection Reports were the red panels in the 68% Spreadsheet. Mr Yang then
assessed an additional 2% of the panels from levels 3 to 35 of the Building to
be defective based on the Reclad Photographs. These were the purple panels in
the 68% Spreadsheet. 346

##### Foot Note 346

×

Transcript, 4 March 2016, p 2.

The red and purple panels thus constituted 68% of the panels from levels 3 to
35 of the Building. Mr Yang assessed these panels to be defective. The
remaining panels, which were not defective, are coloured green in the 68%
Spreadsheet. There were 14,180 panels from levels 3 to 35 of the Building. 347

##### Foot Note 347

×

Vol 9 BAEIC, AEIC of Yang Li dated 15 January 2014 at LY-02, para 281
(amended) (p 112).

68% of 14,180 panels would amount to around 9,642 panels.

214 The 68% Spreadsheet does not show the individual defect(s) that the red or
purple panels had. In relation to the individual defects in the 100%
Inspection Reports, on which basis Mr Yang assessed 66% of the panels from
levels 3 to 35 of the Building to be defective, Millenia relies on the 66%
Spreadsheets.

215 The 66% Spreadsheets consist of one summary spreadsheet and 21 other
spreadsheets. 348

##### Foot Note 348

×

P-15; Millenia’s closing submissions at Annex A (pp 410–433).

Each of the 21 spreadsheets concern one specific type of alleged defect, and
purport to show which panels had that particular alleged defect. The panels
are shaded in four colours: green (the panel did not have the alleged defect),
blue (Arup observed that the panel had the alleged defect, but Mr Yang
assessed that it did not), pink (Arup did not observe that the panel had the
alleged defect, but Mr Yang assessed that it did) and red (Arup observed that
the panel had the alleged defect, and Mr Yang assessed that it was defective).

216 The 100% Spreadsheets and the 66% Spreadsheets do not identify the same
defects on the same panels: the blue and pink panels reflect where Arup and Mr
Yang disagreed. I had a number of concerns in this regard:

(a) First, in further and better particulars, Millenia stated that its case on
the location of the defects was based on, amongst other things, the 100%
Spreadsheets. 349

##### Foot Note 349

×

Millenia’s further and better particulars (Amendment No 2) dated 2 February
2016 at para 2.2(a) (Builders Shop); Millenia’s further and better particulars
dated 18 February 2013 (the Meinhardt Parties).

Mr Singh made clear that Millenia would not be amending its pleadings to rely
on the 66% Spreadsheets rather than the 100% Spreadsheets. 350

##### Foot Note 350

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, p 197.

The 66% Spreadsheets therefore did not sit well with Millenia’s pleaded case
on the location of the defects.

(b) Secondly, in his first expert report, Mr Yang took the view that about 75%
of the Cladding was defective (see [220(a)] below). When Mr Yang took the
stand, he amended his report to state that based on the 100% Inspection
Reports alone, ie, not accounting for the additional 2% of allegedly defective
panels he found based on the Reclad Photographs, approximately 66% of the
Cladding was defective (see [213] above). But it was only when the 66%
Spreadsheets were introduced on 2 March 2016, during the witness conferencing
of the façade experts, that I learnt that Mr Yang’s view was not just that
Arup had recorded observations that were not defects (hence the drop from 75%
to a lower figure), but that Arup had failed to record some defects. The 66%
Spreadsheets reflected not just blue panels, but pink panels as well. The
defendants submitted that their experts would not have had an adequate
opportunity to consider and evaluate the pink panels if the 66% Spreadsheets
were admitted as evidence. I considered that this submission had some force.

Eventually, I dealt with the 66% Spreadsheets in the following way. Mr Singh
confirmed that he was not relying on the 66% Spreadsheets as new evidence (see
[208(a)] above), 351

##### Foot Note 351

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, p 197.

and I allowed Mr Yang to refer to them on that basis with one important
caveat. 352

##### Foot Note 352

×

Transcript, 3 March 2016, pp 45–46.

I made clear that I did not wish to hear Mr Yang in relation to pink panels.
353

##### Foot Note 353

×

Transcript, 3 March 2016, pp 34–37.

Counsel agreed that this was a sensible way forward and the trial proceeded
accordingly.

217 I make a final point regarding the 66% Spreadsheets. They show the basis
of Mr Yang’s evidence that 66% of the panels from level 3 to 35 were defective
(based on the 100% Inspection Reports). Because the 66% figure was partially
based on the pink panels, and I did not admit evidence regarding the pink
panels into the evidence, I do not accept Mr Yang’s evidence that the 100%
Inspection Reports show that 66% of the Cladding was defective. I accept
Dragages’ submission that at most, only the red panels in the 66%
Spreadsheets, as opposed to the pink panels, could be considered defective.
354

##### Foot Note 354

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at para 124.

Dragages further submits, and I accept, that there were 4,481 red panels
(31.6% of the 14,180 panels on levels 3 to 35 of the Building). The pink
panels formed the remaining 34.4% of the 14,180 panels (around 4,878 panels)
which Mr Yang assessed to be defective based on the 100% Inspection Reports.

The façade experts

218 I now come to my assessment of the credibility of the façade experts. The
evidence on the defects was complex and complicated. Unfortunately, the façade
experts could not reach a consensus on many issues. I therefore had to choose
between competing opinions on many points.

219 Of all the experts, I found Mr Hartog the most objective and credible
although I do not accept his evidence on every point. I also found the
evidence of Mr Mann and Mr Hugh Keithly (“Mr Keithly”), the façade experts
engaged by the Meinhardt Parties, generally credible, though I had to caution
Mr Keithly on one occasion not to advocate his client’s case. 355

##### Foot Note 355

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, p 44.

I found Mr Mann’s report useful as it was based on his inspection of 28 drops,
about 36% of the Cladding. 356

##### Foot Note 356

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
22).

I bore in mind, however, that Mr Mann did not inspect the whole Façade and
that his inspection was carried out relatively swiftly, over 17 days. 357

##### Foot Note 357

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
22).

220 I now turn to Mr Yang. The defendants strenuously attack his credibility.
The following points are not in dispute:

(a) Mr Yang filed his first expert report on 15 January 2014. In this report,
he opined that around 75% of the Cladding was defective. 358

##### Foot Note 358

×

Vol 9 BAEIC, AEIC of Yang Li dated 15 January 2014 at LY-02, original para 281
(p 112).

(b) However, when Mr Yang stated this opinion in January 2014, he had not
reviewed all the photographs in the 100% Inspection Reports. He had only
reviewed around 10% or 20% of the photographs therein. 359

##### Foot Note 359

×

Transcript, 29 February 2016, p 85.

He based his opinion on these photographs, and on a table prepared by Arup
which he received from Millenia’s solicitors. 360

##### Foot Note 360

×

Transcript, 29 February 2016, pp 94–95.

That table was a table of the observations recorded by Arup when Arup had
inspected only about 25% of the Façade, 361

##### Foot Note 361

×

1AB 19; Transcript, 10 March 2016, p 27.

stating that 76.6% of the panels inspected had defects of various types. 362

##### Foot Note 362

×

1AB 19; Transcript, 10 March 2016, pp 25–26.

221 In my view, Mr Yang should have been more careful in giving evidence in
his first report. However, he explained that he did not have sufficient time
to review all of the evidence in the 100% Inspection Reports before he filed
his report, because it was due one or two months after he received all of the
information he required from Arup. 363

##### Foot Note 363

×

Transcript, 29 February 2016, p 109.

He had focused on the causes of the 2nd Fall and the cracks on the Façade in
his first report. 364

##### Foot Note 364

×

Transcript, 29 February 2016, p 120.

While he stated that 75% of the Cladding was defective, he had qualified this
claim by stating that this figure was based on information obtained from Arup.
365

##### Foot Note 365

×

Vol 9 BAEIC, AEIC of Yang Li dated 15 January 2014 at LY-02, para 78(l) (p
41).

He only came to understand the importance of the number of defects when the
75% figure was challenged during the expert conclave of the quantity surveyors
in May 2014. 366

##### Foot Note 366

×

Transcript, 29 February 2016, p 120.

He then reviewed all the photographs in the 100% Inspection Reports and came
to the view that they showed that 66% of the panels from levels 3 to 35 of the
Building were defective (see [213] above).

222 After carefully considering Mr Yang’s explanation, his evidence over the
course of 14 days of witness conferencing, and his demeanour, I came to the
view that he was not a dishonest witness. Significantly, this was the first
time that Mr Yang had served as an expert witness and I considered his
evidence and his conduct in that light. 367

##### Foot Note 367

×

Transcript, 29 February 2016, pp 108–109.

However, I struggled to follow his evidence on certain points and treated his
evidence with some care. I also note that Mr Yang, unlike Mr Mann and Mr
Lalas, did not conduct a personal inspection of the Cladding but primarily
relied on photographs in forming his opinions on the defects (see [213]
above). I bore this in mind in assessing Mr Yang’s evidence.

223 I now come to the credibility of Mr Lalas. I found Mr Lalas to be the
least credible façade expert. I had to caution him more than once to be
careful in giving evidence. 368

##### Foot Note 368

×

Transcript, 1 March 2016, p 180; Transcript, 3 March 2016, p 58.

I note three especially disquieting aspects of his evidence:

(a) First, there was an unfortunate episode where Mr Lalas showed me a bracket
which he claimed was used on the Building. 369

##### Foot Note 369

×

Transcript, 3 March 2016, pp 53–65.

Mr Hartog examined the bracket quietly and carefully, and then said that he
doubted it came from the Building because on close examination, there were no
signs of scratches or cement or epoxy on the bracket. All the other façade
experts then examined the bracket and agreed. Mr Lalas was then queried. He
said, rather abashedly, that Ms Perez had given him the bracket and said it
was from the Building and he had accepted her claim. 370

##### Foot Note 370

×

Transcript, 3 March 2016, p 62.

I examined the bracket and it was obvious that there were no nicks or
scratches and its surface was shiny. I find that the bracket was not used on
the Building.

(b) Secondly, Mr Lalas stated in his report that although Earth Arts inspected
the Façade, “the reports [of that inspection] are Arup reports including Arup
headings and logos”. 371

##### Foot Note 371

×

Vol 16 BAEIC, AEIC of Firouzeh Maniquis and Peter Lalas dated 15 January 2014
at FP-1, para 205 (p 49).

Under cross-examination, Mr Lalas admitted that he was so advised by Dragages
(probably by Ms Perez) and had never seen the relevant reports before. Upon
being shown them, he admitted that his statement was wrong: the reports were
issued by Earth Arts, not by Arup. He agreed that he had been “asked to put
this into an expert affidavit to be placed before the court, and [did not]
even verify whether [the] statement [was] correct” [emphasis added]. 372

##### Foot Note 372

×

Transcript, 27 June 2016, pp 156–157.

(c) Thirdly, certain paragraphs of Mr Lalas’ report contain star (*) markings.
373

##### Foot Note 373

×

Vol 16 BAEIC, AEIC of Firouzeh Maniquis and Peter Lalas dated 15 January 2014
at FP-1, paras 205, 206 and 208 (pp 49–50 and 52).

Mr Lalas explained that he had intended to substitute the markings with cross-
references to correspondence to support the points he was making, some of
which were allegations against Arup. 374

##### Foot Note 374

×

Transcript, 28 June 2016, p 20.

However, he could not find the references. Mr Lalas agreed that in the
circumstances, he should have edited the text of his report to remove the
points that he could not find references for. However, he did not do so. 375

##### Foot Note 375

×

Transcript, 28 June 2016, p 21.

Apart from all this, there was the same limitation noted above in relation to
Mr Mann’s report, namely, that Mr Lalas did not inspect the entire Façade. He
only inspected 10 drops, ie, 12.5% of the Cladding. 376

##### Foot Note 376

×

Vol 16 BAEIC, AEIC of Firouzeh Maniquis and Peter Lalas dated 15 January 2014
at FP-1, para 49 (p 18).

My findings on the Defects Issue

224 I find that the Cladding contained serious and substantial defects which
rendered it structurally unsafe, before the Façade was reclad. The defendants
do not seriously dispute this. Dragages accepts that the Façade was unsafe
until the Reclad “because of the presence of a number of panels [with]
significant cracks”. 377

##### Foot Note 377

×

Dragages’ reply submissions at para 735.

Dragages claims that the Façade was safe when the Rectification Works were
completed in October 2009, but then became unsafe due to external factors for
which it cannot be held liable. 378

##### Foot Note 378

×

Dragages’ reply submissions at para 737(1)–(2).

Similarly, Meinhardt Façade acknowledges that the Façade contained defects.
However, it claims that the defects were construction defects caused by
Dragages and Builders Shop, ie, the parties who constructed the Building, for
which it cannot be held liable. 379

##### Foot Note 379

×

Meinhardt Façade’s closing submissions at paras 11 and 550.

225 My reasons for my finding at [224] above are as follows:

(a) First, all of the façade experts ultimately did not dispute that the
Façade was unsafe before the Reclad. Mr Yang and Mr Hartog gave clear evidence
that the Façade was unsafe. 380

##### Foot Note 380

×

Joint Expert Report of Façade Experts dated 22 February 2016 at p 63 (S/N
12.7).

During the trial, Mr Lalas eventually agreed that the Façade was unsafe before
the Reclad because “there [were] a number of panels that [were] unsafe”. 381

##### Foot Note 381

×

Transcript, 29 June 2016, p 130.

Similarly, during the trial, Mr Mann and Mr Keithly accepted that there were
panels that were unsafe and needed to be rectified.

(b) Secondly, in the course of its inspection of the Façade after the 2nd
Fall, Arup found 630 panels at risk of falling in the near future (see [161]
above). I thus find that after the 2nd Fall, there were a substantial number
of panels in risk of falling in the near future. The evidence of Mr Chin and
Mr Yang, which I accept, was that most of these were panels with cracks (which
had not been adequately rectified). 382

##### Foot Note 382

×

Transcript, 15 July 2015, p 138; Transcript, 12 March 2016, p 111.

(c) Thirdly, while Mr Lalas disputed many of the alleged defects raised by
Millenia, his evidence was that around 250 panels on the Façade posed safety
issues before the Façade was reclad. 383

##### Foot Note 383

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at para 1099; AEIC of Peter Lalas dated 29
January 2016 at PL-1, paras 382–383 (p 143).

Further, Mr Lalas concluded that approximately 160 panels were so defective
that they could not simply be rectified but had to be replaced entirely. These
160 panels were panels with cracks. 384

##### Foot Note 384

×

Vol 16 BAEIC, AEIC of Firouzeh Maniquis and Peter Lalas dated 15 January 2014
at FP-1, paras 576 and 579 (pp 111–112); Transcript, 29 June 2016, pp 129–130.

(d) Fourthly, I find that:

(i) most of the types of observations recorded by Arup in the 100% Inspection
Reports, some of which the defendants denied were defects, were in fact
defects;

(ii) several defects gave rise to safety risks; and

(iii) there were many cases of these defects, ie, defects giving rise to
safety risks on the Cladding.

I shall now expand on my finding at [(d)] above with detailed findings on the
individual defects alleged by Millenia. Since the parties dispute the
definition of a defect, I will first clarify the definition of a defect.

The definition of a defect

226 Dragages claims a defect did not arise in every case where there was a
departure from contractual specifications. Rather, a departure from
contractual specifications had to compromise the safety and structural
integrity of the Façade and its fitness for purpose to amount to a defect. 385

##### Foot Note 385

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at paras 336 and 500–501.

I do not agree. What exactly is a construction defect is something on which
there can be considerable disagreement. It can mean a great many different
things depending on the context in which it is discussed or examined. It can
range from the adequacy or otherwise of complex foundations or structural
integrity of parts of a building, to aesthetic considerations of form, design
or intent down to the nuisance of a squeaking wooden floorboard or the uneven
staining of doorframes. Generally, defects can be grouped into design
deficiencies, material deficiencies, specification problems or workmanship
deficiencies: see Jeremy Glover, “Liability for Defects in Construction
Contracts – who pays and how much?” (2008)  (accessed 6 September 2018) at
para 3. In my judgment, the concept of a defect is correctly defined in the
following passage from Nicholas Dennys QC and Robert Clay, Hudson’s Building
and Engineering Contracts (Sweet & Maxwell, 13th Ed, 2015) at para 4-071:

Defective work is work which fails to comply with the requirements of the
contract and so is a breach of contract. For large construction or engineering
contracts, this will mean work which does not conform to express descriptions
or requirements, including any drawings or specifications, together with any
implied terms as to its quality, workmanship, performance or design. [emphasis
added]

In other words, a defect obtains in every case where work does not comply with
contractual requirements. It is important to distinguish two types of defects:

227 First, there were specific contractual requirements for some matters, eg,
the size of pin holes (see [297] below). In relation to these matters, it
sufficed for Millenia to prove a departure from the specifications to
establish a defect. Millenia contends, however, that each alleged defect
created or contributed to a safety risk either individually or in combination
with others. The defendants challenged Millenia’s arguments. I will give my
findings on these points below.

228 Secondly, in relation to matters such as the minimum embedment depth of
anchor bolts (see [279] below), I was not shown any specifications, drawings
or product literature that stated what the contractual requirements were.
Whether these alleged defects are defects turns on whether more general
contractual requirements – eg, reasonable care and diligence in designing and
installing the Cladding and ensuring the Building was fit for its purpose –
were satisfied. It is thus necessary to examine whether these alleged defects
gave rise to safety risks, for that is relevant to whether the general
contractual requirements were fulfilled. To this extent, I accept Dragages’
submission that whether certain alleged defects amounted to defects depends on
whether they gave rise to safety risks (see [226] above). In my judgment,
where Millenia sought to establish that an alleged defect was a defect because
it led to safety concerns, Millenia had to prove real, non-speculative safety
risks. It was not necessary for Millenia to prove that these risks were very
serious or immediate. But the risks had to be real risks grounded in evidence.

229 I will thus approach the alleged defects in the following general manner:

(a) I first consider if the alleged defects involved breaches of specific
contractual requirements. If so, they amounted to defects.

(b) I then examine whether the alleged defects created or contributed to
safety risks.

(c) If there were any real safety risks, I then consider whether these were
adequately addressed by the Rectification Works.

I now turn to the alleged defects.

The alleged defects

230 The 100% Spreadsheets identified 16 categories of alleged defects: 386

##### Foot Note 386

×

103AB 81756.

S/N| Description| Number of panels  
---|---|---  
1| Pins set into holes which were too large| 240  
2| Pins not welded or welded improperly on the shafts(a) Pins that have become
disengaged from the shaft and slipped deeper into the holes in the panels(b)
Pins that have slipped downwards and become exposed| 12841020264  
3| Anchor bolts were excessively or insufficiently embedded into the
reinforced concrete walls(a) Anchor bolts with more than two or three threads
exposed(b) Anchor bolts with no threads exposed| 19172  
4| Corroding anchor bolts, nuts and/or washer| 632  
5| Brackets not attached perpendicular to concrete wall, ie, wrong orientation
of the brackets| 701  
6| Shafts not long enough to completely engage with the conical bolts| 805  
7| Corroding washers securing the shafts| 882  
8| Panels where nuts or washers were mounted onto the shafts| 757  
9| (a) Temporary spacers between panels(b) Rods between panels | 1734228  
10| Stone panels with narrow and/or no movement joints| 517  
11| Stitching with hairline cracks| 81  
12| Stitching across panels| 1756  
13| Panels with hairline cracks| 588  
14| Panels with chips:(a) at pin areas(b) at panel edges| 1178968210  
15| Panels which are shaky| 240  
16| Panels in danger of falling in the near future and that have been
temporarily restrained| 630  
  
Further, in the Reclad Report, Mr Yang identified a 17th category of alleged
defects, ie, pins of insufficient embedment depth. 387

##### Foot Note 387

×

AEIC of Yang Li dated 1 October 2015 at LY-03 (p 39).

I shall refer to each of these 17 categories of alleged defects as “DT1”,
“DT2” etc. Apart from DT1–DT17, Millenia also raised three alleged design
defects in its closing submissions and I will consider them below.

231 I have referred to DT16 at [225(b)] above, and will not consider it
separately below. Mr Chin’s evidence, which I accept, was that DT16 refers to
panels that were adjudged, on the basis that they had one or more of the
alleged defects noted in DT1 to DT15, to be in danger of falling in the near
future. 388

##### Foot Note 388

×

Transcript, 15 July 2015, p 130.

(1) Overview of the alleged defects

232 The two defects which had the most direct connection to the safety and
structural integrity of the Façade were certain cracks on panels (certain
cases of DT13) and cracks/chips at pin areas (DT14a). Dragages accepts that
certain cracks – cracks which spanned across the face of the panel and cut
through the thickness of the stone – and cracks/chips at pin areas undermined
the safety and structural integrity of the Façade, 389

##### Foot Note 389

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at para 1095.

and I so find (I elaborate below). I note that DT13 and DT14a were the
Schedule C Defects identified by Earth Arts and Arup as requiring urgent
attention (see [78] above) and were identified by Arup as critical in the 8
August 2012 Letter (see [156(a)(i)] and [156(a)(iii)] above). I will consider
DT13 and DT14 before turning to the other alleged defects.

233 In relation to the other alleged defects, Millenia’s case appears to be
that, in general, they gave rise to a safety risk because they led to a risk
that DT13 and DT14a would eventuate. Millenia argues that many of the alleged
defects gave rise to a risk of stacking, ie, a risk that the load borne by one
panel would be transferred to another panel (see [26] above), which in turn
gave rise to a risk that cracks on panels and cracks/chips at pin areas would
form. This is because, according to Mr Yang, stacking would cause stress to
build up on the panels. When the concentration of stress on the panels
exceeded their flexural strength, cracks across panels and cracks/chips at pin
areas would arise. 390

##### Foot Note 390

×

Vol 9 BAEIC, AEIC of Yang Li dated 15 January 2014 at LY-02, para 273 (p 109).

Mr Mann agreed that cracks would form on panels where the load on panels
exceeded their flexural strength: he explained that this was the cause of the
long cracks and full-width cracks he observed (see [240(b)] below). Mr Hartog
agreed that stacking would cause cracks/chips at pin areas. 391

##### Foot Note 391

×

Transcript, 29 June 2016, pp 50–51.

I thus find that stacking would cause cracks on panels and cracks/chips at pin
areas of the panels.

234 However, the evidence was that the brackets were strong enough to take the
weight of two panels. Stacking would thus only present a clear and present
safety risk where more than two panels were stacked together (“multiple
stacking”). 392

##### Foot Note 392

×

Transcript, 29 February 2016, p 132; Transcript, 3 March 2016, pp 147–148;
Joint Expert Report of Façade Experts dated 22 February 2016 at pp 27–28 (S/N
6.8).

I accept this evidence. However, in my judgment, so long as an alleged defect
gave rise to a real risk of stacking, it gave rise to a real safety risk
because, in combination with other defects, on the same and/or adjacent
panels, multiple stacking or the risk of the same might arise over the design
life of the Building, which was 50 years (see [14] above). My view here is
consistent with the rectification proposals agreed upon between Meinhardt
Facade and Arup. To take one example, after observing that nuts and washers
stuck between panels could give rise to stacking, Meinhardt Façade recommended
that all such objects be removed, without limiting this proposal to cases
where multiple stacking might arise (see [259] below). 393

##### Foot Note 393

×

75AB 59744, 59822–59823.

Meinhardt Façade clearly considered that a risk of stacking, without more, was
a safety risk requiring remediation.

235 I will now address the alleged defects in the following order:

(a) I will first discuss DT13 and DT14 (see [232] above).

(b) I will then address the alleged defects that Millenia claims gave rise to
a risk of stacking. The alleged defect which most directly gave rise to a risk
of stacking is DT10. The other alleged defects which Millenia claims gave rise
to a risk of stacking involve:

(i) components installed between panels (DT8 and DT9);

(ii) corroding components (DT4 and DT7); and

(iii) improperly installed components (DT3, DT5 and DT6).

(c) I then turn to the alleged defects which Millenia claims gave rise to a
risk of cracks/chips forming at pin holes: DT1 and DT15, DT2 and DT17 (albeit
in respect of DT2, although Millenia claimed DT2 would cause cracks/chips to
form at pin holes, the primary safety risk brought to my attention was of pins
disengaging from pin holes: see [306] below).

(d) Finally, I deal with two miscellaneous groups of alleged defects:

(i) DT11 and DT12, which pertain to “stitching”; and

(ii) the alleged design defects raised by Millenia.

(2) DT13: Panels with cracks

236 DT13 refers to panels with cracks. There is some dispute over what the
contractual specifications required: 394

##### Foot Note 394

×

Transcript, 11 March 2016, pp 131–134.

(a) Mr Yang and Mr Hartog claimed that the panels were to be free of all
cracks. They relied on the stonework specifications, cl 3.3.5 of which
provided for the stone panels to be “free from … fissures, cracks … spalls …
or other defects which would impair the strength, durability and appearance of
the Work” [emphasis added], and cl 6.2.1 of which provided for the stone to be
“free from cracks … of any kind”. 395

##### Foot Note 395

×

59AB 47166, 47168, 47177.

(b) Mr Mann and Mr Lalas observed that stone contains micro-cracks, and it
would thus be impossible to supply stone which was free of all cracks. They
opined that the panels were only required to be free from cracks that impaired
their structural integrity for their intended use.

I accept that a stone panel would not have been defective merely because it
had micro-cracks. Such cracks may well be inherent in granite. But provided
the granite in question possesses the required characteristics (like hardness
on the Mohs scale) and passes the requisite compressive, flexural, tensile and
other tests, it is a suitable material with which to clad buildings. Many
buildings in Singapore have granite cladding and do not have panels that fall
off them. However, I find on the basis of the provisions cited by Mr Yang and
Mr Hartog that all perceptible cracks impairing the appearance of panels were
defects. Therefore, what Mr Mann described as short and moderate cracks, which
were perceptible, as well as the long and full-width cracks he described,
amounted to defects (see [240(a)]–[240(b)] below).

237 I now turn to consider whether panels with cracks presented a safety risk.
I first make findings regarding panels with cracks spanning across the face of
the panel and cutting through the thickness of the stone (see [232] above):

(a) The façade experts agreed, 396

##### Foot Note 396

×

Transcript, 11 March 2016, pp 138–139.

and I find, that such panels were unsafe: they were in danger of falling off
the Façade.

(b) I find that there were some such panels which were not rectified and only
restrained by Cementone after the 2nd Fall. For example, the photographs of
panel 38-05-119 show a crack across the face of the panel and through the
thickness of the stone. 397

##### Foot Note 397

×

AEIC of Yang Li dated 1 October 2015 at LY-03 (pp 171–172); 27AB 20891;
Transcript, 11 March 2016, pp 112–120.

No rectification works were performed to this panel, which was restrained by
Cementone. 398

##### Foot Note 398

×

Vol 22 BAEIC, AEIC of Henry Lee dated 19 February 2014 at HL-2 (p 285).

(c) I also find that such panels were not rendered safe for the rest of the
design life of the Building even after Cementone’s works:

(i) I find, based on the evidence of Mr Yang and Mr Keithly, that Cementone
only installed temporary wind-load restraints and not permanent dead load
restraints, to restrain the panels. 399

##### Foot Note 399

×

Transcript, 11 March 2016, pp 139–141.

(ii) I find that dead load restraints were necessary to rectify panels with
full-width cracks. In this regard, I note that the rectification method Mr
Lalas proposed for this defect was the insertion of four dead load rods
through the panel. 400

##### Foot Note 400

×

Transcript, 11 March 2016, p 141.

Further, even if Cementone’s restraints were able to serve as dead load
restraints, I find that they would not have rendered panels to which they were
applied safe for the design life of the Building. Mr Yap opined that the
restraints had a service life of around five to ten years. 401

##### Foot Note 401

×

Transcript, 15 May 2015, p 27.

Cementone completed its restraining works in 2012 (see [161] above). At that
time, there was about 35 years left in the design life of the Building.

238 I was also shown panels with cracks across the full width or height of the
panels (“full-width cracks”), but it was unclear whether the cracks were
through the thickness of the stone. Several such panels presented safety risks
that were not addressed during the Rectification Works. Four examples of this
are as follows:

(a) Panel 8-28-30-R: There was a crack across the middle of this panel. 402

##### Foot Note 402

×

16AB 12576, 12578; Transcript, 10 March 2016, pp 143–144.

A single stitch was applied to the crack, on the right side of the panel. Mr
Yang’s evidence was that most probably, there had only been a (small) crack on
the right side of the panel at the time of the Rectification Works, which
explained why only one stitch had been applied there, but the crack had then
propagated across the face of the panel, despite the stitch. Mr Keithly agreed
with Mr Yang. 403

##### Foot Note 403

×

Transcript, 10 March 2016, p 147.

This indicates that the Stitching Procedure did not effectively stabilise
cracks, a point I return to at [319] below. Cementone applied four restraining
pins and three stitches to this panel. 404

##### Foot Note 404

×

Vol 22 BAEIC, AEIC of Henry Lee dated 19 February 2014 at HL-2 (p 104);
Transcript, 10 March 2016, p 180.

Mr Yang and Mr Hartog agreed that, without Cementone’s works, the panel was
unsafe; Mr Lalas and Mr Keithly acknowledged that it was “possibly unsafe”.
405

##### Foot Note 405

×

Transcript, 10 March 2016, p 181.

(b) Panel 24-26-38-R: I was shown a photograph which reveals that there was a
crack across the face of this panel, 406

##### Foot Note 406

×

21AB 16551; Transcript, 10 March 2016, p 158.

albeit the crack was stitched and four restraining pins were inserted into the
panel. Mr Lalas stated that the stitches and the pins amounted to “an adequate
repair”. 407

##### Foot Note 407

×

Transcript, 10 March 2016, p 162.

Mr Chia then pointed out that the four pins had been installed by Cementone:
the panel had only been stitched during the Rectification Works. 408

##### Foot Note 408

×

Transcript, 10 March 2016, p 168; Vol 22 BAEIC, AEIC of Henry Lee dated 19
February 2014 at HL-2 (p 208).

Mr Lalas admitted that there “may [have] be[en] a concern” if the “the dead
load rods [were] not there”. 409

##### Foot Note 409

×

Transcript, 10 March 2016, p 171.

(c) Panels 1-27-31-R and 1-28-27-L: The photographs show cracks across the
face of these panels. 410

##### Foot Note 410

×

Vol 16 BAEIC, AEIC of Firouzeh Maniquis and Peter Lalas dated 15 January 2014
at FP-1, Annex 10, paras 50–51.

Four restraining pins were also inserted into each panel. However, these were
only inserted by Cementone after the 2nd Fall: 411

##### Foot Note 411

×

Vol 22 BAEIC, AEIC of Henry Lee dated 19 February 2014 at HL-2 (pp 60–61).

the panels were not rectified during the Rectification Works. When asked about
panel 1-28-27-L, Mr Lalas agreed that there was a “possibility” that it was
unsafe without the restraining pins. 412

##### Foot Note 412

×

Transcript, 10 March 2016, p 174.

I find that these panels were unsafe until they were restrained by Cementone,
and even then, they were not made safe for the design life of the Building
(see [237(c)] above). More generally, in view of the evidence on these four
panels, I find that panels with full-width cracks which were not rectified
were unsafe.

239 Apart from panels with full-width cracks, there were other panels with
less extensive cracks which presented safety risks. Two examples of this are
as follows:

(a) Panel 38-05-120: This panel had several vertical cracks, one of which was
close to the top right pin of the panel. 413

##### Foot Note 413

×

27AB 20892; Transcript, 11 March 2016, pp 174–175.

It does not appear that the panel was rectified in any way. Mr Lalas stated
that this panel was “a candidate for replacement”, and Mr Mann, Mr Keithly and
Mr Hartog agreed that the cracks were of concern. 414

##### Foot Note 414

×

Transcript, 11 March 2016, pp 176–180.

(b) Panel 38-07-114: There were cracks near the left edge of this panel
extending from the middle of the panel to the top and the right. 415

##### Foot Note 415

×

27AB 20889; Transcript, 11 March 2016, p 169.

The façade experts agreed that the panel should be monitored. 416

##### Foot Note 416

×

Transcript, 11 March 2016, pp 169–171.

Again, this panel was not rectified during the Rectification Works.

240 I now turn to Mr Mann’s evidence on the cracks. Mr Mann divided the cracks
into four groups: short, moderate, long and full-width cracks. 417

##### Foot Note 417

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
63).

(a) Short and moderate cracks: According to Mr Mann, short cracks (across less
than 30% of the face of a panel) and moderate cracks (across between 30% and
60% of the face of a panel) were most likely “pre-installation” cracks that
formed while the granite was in the quarry. 418

##### Foot Note 418

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (pp
54–55).

Except for cracks at pins (DT14a), short cracks were stable and did not pose a
“significant safety risk”. 419

##### Foot Note 419

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
69).

I note that Mr Mann’s report is silent on whether moderate cracks posed a
safety risk.

(b) Long and full-width cracks: Long cracks were cracks across between 60% and
90% of the face of a panel. According to Mr Mann, long cracks, unlike short
and moderate cracks, were not pre-installation cracks. Rather, they arose from
the same source as full-width cracks: flexural failure, arising where the load
on the panel exceeded the stone’s flexural strength. 420

##### Foot Note 420

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
58).

Mr Mann’s evidence in this regard was in accordance with Mr Yang’s (see [233]
above). On the evidence, it seems more likely than not that further flexural
failure would have caused long cracks to propagate into full-width cracks. I
therefore find that panels with long cracks also presented a real safety risk.

241 How many cracked panels were unsafe? It is difficult on the evidence to
arrive at an exact number. However, I note the following points:

(a) First, Mr Lalas opined that there were around 160 cracked panels that were
not only unsafe, but were so unsafe that they could not be rectified but had
to be replaced entirely (see [225(c)] above).

(b) Secondly, as noted above, Arup recorded 588 instances of DT13 (see [230]
above). Mr Mann inspected 221 of these panels and found that 26% of the panels
he inspected (57 panels) had full-width cracks, and another 5% (11 panels) had
long cracks. 421

##### Foot Note 421

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
63).

In other words, almost a third (31%) of the cracked panels inspected by Mr
Mann had full-width cracks or long-width cracks, which presented a safety risk
(see [238] and [240(b)] above).

Bearing in mind this evidence, I find that there were at least around 200
panels with long or full-width cracks and which were thus unsafe. A
substantial number of these panels were not rectified during the Rectification
Works and were only restrained by Cementone after the 2nd Fall (see [238]
above).

(3) DT14: Panels with cracks/chips at pin areas and panel edges

242 DT14 refers to cracks/chips at pin areas (DT14a) and chips at panel edges
(DT14b).

243 I turn first to DT14b. The specifications provided that the panels were to
be free from chipped edges. 422

##### Foot Note 422

×

59AB 47177.

I thus find that panels with chips at panel edges were defective. However, I
find that chips at panel edges did not give rise to any real safety risk. Mr
Yang admitted that he did not have evidence of a chip at a panel edge that
might have propagated into a full-width crack or given rise to any safety
risk. 423

##### Foot Note 423

×

Transcript, 11 March 2016, p 211.

The façade experts ultimately agreed that DT14b was simply an aesthetic issue
that did not give rise to a safety risk. 424

##### Foot Note 424

×

Transcript, 12 March 2016, p 18.

244 I turn now to DT14a. I make the following findings:

(a) I find that there were many cases of DT14a. Mr Mann inspected 285 of the
968 panels which Arup claimed had DT14a and found that around 92% of the 285
panels had a crack/chip at a pin area. 425

##### Foot Note 425

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (pp
70–71).

(b) More specifically, I find that there were many cases of DT14a where the
crack/chip was on the back of the panel. These cases of DT14a presented a
safety risk (see [245] below). Mr Mann and Mr Keithly considered 12 cases of
DT14a in reviewing the Reclad Report, and noted that eight of these were on
the back of the panel. 426

##### Foot Note 426

×

AEIC of James Phillip Mann and Hugh Keithly dated 20 January 2016 at para 29.2
(p 39).

They opined that such cracks/chips may have been caused by the decladding
works. But they were careful to observe that this only applied to some of the
cracks or chips. 427

##### Foot Note 427

×

AEIC of James Phillip Mann and Hugh Keithly dated 20 January 2016 at paras
29.4 and 32.9 (pp 39 and 44).

I find that some cracks or chips at pins areas on the back of panels arose
before the decladding works.

245 All of the façade experts agreed, and I find, that cracks or chips at pin
areas on the back of panels gave rise to a safety risk. 428

##### Foot Note 428

×

Transcript, 11 March 2016, pp 182–183.

If a crack or chip formed around a pin on the back of the panel, the pin might
not adequately restrain the panel and there was thus a risk that the panel
would fall out.

246 I note that the defendants’ façade experts emphasised that even if one of
the pins restraining a panel had failed, the panel would have been adequately
restrained by the remaining three pins. 429

##### Foot Note 429

×

Transcript, 23 September 2015, p 56; Transcript, 12 March 2016, pp 29–31.

Mr Keithly relied on a calculation in Meinhardt’s 2008 Report which indicated
that a panel restrained by three pins would have been structurally safe. 430

##### Foot Note 430

×

75AB 59744, 59843.

I accept that a panel would not have been in immediate danger of falling if
one of the pins restraining it had failed. However, I do not accept that a
panel had to be in immediate danger of falling for a safety risk to arise,
because the design life of the Building was 50 years (see [14] above). The
point is similar to the one concerning the risk of stacking (see [234] above).
Where one pin on a panel was compromised, one of the four points of restraint
for the panel was lost. This would have been especially so if that pin was a
top pin. The two bottom pins and their shafts (and their brackets) supported
the weight of the panel. The two top pins did not support the weight of the
panel. Rather, they restrained the panel from falling inwards or outwards and
the two bottom pins on their own, as shown by the two panels that fell off the
Building, were unable to restrain the panel. I therefore find that the loss of
one pin, especially a top pin, would have given rise to a safety risk.
Notably, Meinhardt’s 2008 Report did not provide for panels with less than
four pins to be rectified such that they had four pins. However, after
correspondence with Arup, Meinhardt Façade agreed that the panels should be
rectified to their original four-pin configuration (see [110] above). This
suggests that Meinhardt Façade considered that it was a safety risk for any
panel to have less than four functioning pins. This is the view I have
reached.

247 I find that not all cases of DT14a where the crack/chip was on the back of
the panel were rectified during the Rectification Works. Two examples of this
are as follows:

(a) Panel 17-22-51: Mr Yang, Mr Hartog and Mr Keithly agreed that there was a
chip around the top left pin on the back of this panel. 431

##### Foot Note 431

×

20AB 15263; Transcript, 3 March 2016, pp 152–156 and p 161.

This was not rectified during the Rectification Works.

(b) Panel 69-25-44L: There was also a chip around the top left pin on the back
of this panel, which was also not rectified during the Rectification Works.
432

##### Foot Note 432

×

38AB 29824–29825; Transcript, 12 March 2016, pp 21–27.

Mr Lalas, Mr Keithly and Mr Hartog agreed that this should have been rectified
soon after the photograph was taken. 433

##### Foot Note 433

×

Transcript, 12 March 2016, pp 25–27.

(4) DT10: Stone panels with narrow and/or no movement joints

248 DT10 refers to panels which were found to have narrow or no movement
joints between them. What is at issue here is not the gap between the panels
per se, which was designed to be 10mm (at installation), but the gap between
the bottom of the shaft, which was 4mm thick, and the panel below, which gap
was to be 6mm (see [26] above). This gap was the “movement joint” for the
purpose of DT10; I will hereinafter refer to this gap as the “movement joint”.

249 It appears that under Mr Yang’s direction – Arup carried out the 100%
Inspection following the Aurecon Protocol developed by Mr Yang (see [152]
above) – Arup recorded every movement joint less than 4mm as an instance of
DT10. 434

##### Foot Note 434

×

Transcript, 3 March 2016, p 163.

Notably, Arup did not distinguish between cases of no movement joints and
cases of narrow movement joints. Thus, some cases of DT10 were cases of no
movement joints; others were cases of narrow movement joints.

250 As I have noted, the specifications provided for the movement joint to be
6mm (see [26] and [248] above). However, the evidence of Mr Mann and Mr
Keithly was that the contractual specifications allowed for 2.3mm fabrication
tolerance in the size of the panels; and thus, a movement joint of 3.7mm at
installation would have accorded with contractual specifications. 435

##### Foot Note 435

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
47); Transcript, 3 March 2016, pp 179–180; 65AB 51489.

Mr Yang did not challenge this evidence. I accordingly find that movement
joints of less than 3.7mm at installation would have amounted to defective
work.

251 Yet the evidence of DT10 was not obtained at the time of installation but
from 2011, when Arup began the 100% Inspection. Between the installation of
the panels, and the date of inspection of the movement joints, the movement
joints would have reduced; and critically, this would have been in accordance
with the design. The evidence of Mr Lalas, Mr Keithly and Mr Hartog, which I
accept, was that movement joints are designed bearing in mind that the joints
would be reduced by several factors after installation. 436

##### Foot Note 436

×

Transcript, 22 September 2015, pp 132–134; Transcript, 3 March 2016, pp
174–184.

Mr Yang accepted this: this is why he only deemed movement joints of less than
4mm to be defective (see [249] above), although the design provided for
movement joints to be 6mm at installation.

252 Mr Lalas’ evidence, which I accept, was that two factors, beam creep and
column creep, would have occurred after installation and reduced the joints,
albeit these factors would have ceased to have effect two years after the
construction of the Building. 437

##### Foot Note 437

×

Transcript, 22 September 2015, p 132.

Nonetheless, he testified that beam creep and column creep would only have
reduced the movement joints to a very limited extent. He said beam creep would
have been “very, very small”. Column creep would have been about 1mm per
floor; since there were four panels and thus four movement joints per floor; I
find that column creep would have been about 0.25mm per movement joint. On
this basis, it seems safe to conclude that any movement joint found in 2011
and thereafter to be less than around 3mm would not have accorded with
contractual specifications: the joint would not have been 3.7mm when the
panels were installed. I therefore find that movement joints which were found
to be less than 3mm in 2011 and thereafter were defects.

253 I now make the following findings:

(a) I find that there were numerous cases of movement joints which were found
to be less than 3mm in 2011.

(b) I further find that there were many cases in which there was no movement
joint between two panels at all.

(c) I also find that there were cases where there were no movement joints
between (at least) three adjacent panels. Dragages accepts that there were 12
such cases and that these “posed a genuine concern” (these defects were not
rectified during the Rectification Works). 438

##### Foot Note 438

×

Dragages’ reply submissions at para 549.

254 The safety risk posed by DT10 was that of stacking. I first discuss the
cases referred to at [253(b)] and [253(c)] above.

(a) The cases noted in [253(c)] above posed a real risk of multiple stacking,
and therefore a clear and present safety risk (see [234] above).

(b) The cases noted in [253(b)] above posed a real risk of stacking, and thus
a real safety risk (see [234] above).

255 I now address whether any safety risk was posed by narrow movement joints
which were found to be of less than 3mm (see [253(a)] above).

(a) Mr Yang testified that various factors acting together – slippage of
brackets or shafts, differential settlement of columns, building sway, thermal
expansion of panels and the absorption of moisture by panels – could have
eliminated a movement joint of less than 4mm. 439

##### Foot Note 439

×

Transcript, 3 March 2016, pp 170–173.

This is relevant because if true, narrow movement joints of less than 4mm
would have been unsafe, in view of the risk that they could have been
eliminated altogether and thus given rise to stacking.

(b) I accept that slippage, due to, eg, insufficiently embedded anchor bolts
(see [281(a)] below) may have reduced movement joints. But I do not accept
that the other factors that Mr Yang relied on would have materially reduced
movement joints. Mr Lalas, Mr Keithly and Mr Hartog agreed that these factors
would not eliminate a movement joint of 4mm. 440

##### Foot Note 440

×

Transcript, 3 March 2016, pp 174–184.

Differential settlement would have been insignificant at the material time;
and Mr Lalas and Mr Mann performed calculations showing that building sway,
thermal expansion and absorption of moisture would have reduced movement
joints by less than 1mm. Mr Yang did not accept this, but he did not provide
me with calculations of his own or any material in support of his position. It
thus seems safe to conclude, and I find, that leaving slippage aside, there
was no real safety risk associated with any movement joint of more than 1mm. I
therefore find that cases of DT10 involving movement joints of more than 1mm
did not pose a real safety risk.

256 I find that not all instances of DT10 which presented a safety risk were
rectified. Dragages accepts this (see [253(c)] above).

(5) DT8: Panels where nuts or washers were mounted onto shafts

257 Nuts or washers were mounted onto the shafts supporting some panels, to
ensure that the panels and the movement joints appeared to be aligned. 441

##### Foot Note 441

×

Transcript, 3 March 2016, p 139.

In other words, these objects were positioned on top of the shafts (instead of
in the movement joints). Arup recorded the panels where it observed nuts or
washers on top of shafts as cases of DT8.

258 Millenia submits that the mounting of nuts or washers onto shafts
eliminated movement joints between panels. 442

##### Foot Note 442

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 308 and 311.

I do not agree. I find that the mounting of nuts or washers onto shafts did
not eliminate, or even narrow, movement joints. As Mr Mann noted, nuts or
washers were placed on top of the shafts and therefore could not reduce the
movement joint, the gap between the bottom of the shaft and the panel below
(see [248] above). 443

##### Foot Note 443

×

Transcript, 3 March 2016, p 145.

Mr Yang suggested that placing a nut or washer on a shaft might move the shaft
lower, bringing it into contact with the panel below; 444

##### Foot Note 444

×

Transcript, 3 March 2016, p 147.

but there was scant evidence of this.

259 However, Mr Mann’s evidence, which I accept, was that nuts or washers
might lead to stacking – the transfer of load from upper to lower panels –
where the shaft was installed in contact with the panel below. 445

##### Foot Note 445

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
42).

If the shaft below was not in contact with the upper panel, and a nut or
washer was mounted onto the shaft and came into contact with the upper panel,
the load of the upper panel might transfer down through the nut or washer onto
the shaft and thus to the lower panel. I find on this basis that the mounting
of nuts or washers onto shafts, in cases where the shaft was installed in
contact with the panel below, gave rise to a risk of stacking and, for that
reason, posed a real safety risk. I note that the issue of nuts and washers in
movement joints was identified in Arup’s 1st 2004 Report (see [51(d)] above).
It was also highlighted in Meinhardt’s 2008 Report, where the following was
stated: 446

##### Foot Note 446

×

75AB 59744, 59823.

Washer, nut or any other hard metal objects stuck in between the stone panels
should be taken out. This is to avoid excessive dead load transfer from panel
stacking to the dead load bracket of the lower stacked panel. [emphasis added]

Moreover, at trial, all the experts agreed that the nuts and washers should
have been removed because of the risk that the load of the upper panel would
not be transferred onto the shaft but onto (the bracket supporting) the panel
below. 447

##### Foot Note 447

×

Transcript, 4 March 2016, pp 85–86.

In view of this real safety risk, I find that the mounting of nuts or washers
onto shafts installed in contact with the panel below was defective work.
Notably, Mr Mann and Mr Keithly “agree[d] categorically” that DT8 was a
defect. 448

##### Foot Note 448

×

AEIC of James Phillip Mann and Hugh Keithly dated 20 January 2016 at para 32.9
(p 44).

260 I find that there were cases where nuts and washers were mounted onto
shafts in contact with the panel below, thus giving rise to a risk of
stacking. In their review of the Reclad Report, Mr Mann and Mr Keithly found
26 cases of DT8; in 16 cases, there appeared to be contact between the upper
and lower panels through the shaft and the nut or washer (and hence a risk of
stacking). 449

##### Foot Note 449

×

Transcript, 3 March 2016, pp 142–145; AEIC of James Phillip Mann and Hugh
Keithly dated 20 January 2016 at paras 32.21 and 32.26 (p 46).

Further, there were two sets of panels that may have reflected multiple
stacking, panels 52-32-12-L to 53-32-14-L and panels 53-31-17-L to 53-31-19-L.
450

##### Foot Note 450

×

Joint Expert Report of Façade Experts dated 22 February 2016 at pp 27–28 (S/N
6.8).

261 I now consider whether cases of DT8 were rectified. I was shown one case
of stacking arising from the mounting of a washer onto a shaft which was
rectified, through the insertion of four dead load rods into the affected
panel. 451

##### Foot Note 451

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
42); 104AB 83081; Transcript, 3 March 2016, pp 148–150.

But I find that not every case of stacking arising from the mounting of nuts
or washers on shafts was rectified. In their supplementary report, Mr Mann and
Mr Keithly observed that further rectification work might have been necessary
to address instances of DT8 which led to stacking. 452

##### Foot Note 452

×

AEIC of James Phillip Mann and Hugh Keithly dated 20 January 2016 at paras
26.3.2 and 32.26 (pp 37 and 46).

(6) DT9: Temporary spacers and rods between panels

262 DT9 refers to silicone-based setting blocks (DT9a) and dead load rods
(DT9b) that were inserted between the panels during the Rectification Works.

263 Millenia submits that temporary spacers or rods were used to create
movement joints between stone panels. However, they were not removed and thus
there were no or narrow movement joints between the panels. 453

##### Foot Note 453

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 317.

DT9 therefore gave rise to stacking or a risk of stacking.

(A) DT9a: Silicone setting blocks

264 I first address DT9a. The defendants’ principal submission on DT9a is that
the insertion of setting blocks was an agreed rectification method, and thus
could not amount to a defect. 454

##### Foot Note 454

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at paras 235–237; Meinhardt Façade’s closing
submissions at paras 504–505.

I find that the insertion of setting blocks was an agreed rectification
method. It was identified as a remedial proposal in Meinhardt’s 2008 Report.
455

##### Foot Note 455

×

75AB 59744, 59823.

The purpose of inserting the setting blocks was to ensure that when nuts,
washers or other foreign objects between panels were removed, the panels
above, which may have been supported by the objects, did not bed or sag (in
the terminology used in Meinhardt’s 2008 Report). Arup accepted the use of
setting blocks as a rectification method in the 8 May 2008 letter (see [111]
above). I therefore find that the mere insertion of setting blocks did not
amount to defective work.

265 However, Meinhardt’s 2008 Report provided that the insertion of setting
blocks was “allowed for one to one panel stacking only”. 456

##### Foot Note 456

×

75AB 59744, 59823.

In other words, they were not to be used across more than two vertically
adjacent panels in a row. However, in his inspection of the Cladding, Mr Mann
found a total of 126 cases where setting blocks were used “in groups of up to
twelve vertically-adjacent panels” [emphasis added]. 457

##### Foot Note 457

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
44); AEIC of James Phillip Mann and Hugh Keithly dated 20 January 2016 at para
13.4 (p 15).

I therefore find that there were many cases where setting blocks were not
installed in line with the agreed rectification measures: these were cases of
defective work.

266 Moreover, and more fundamentally, Meinhardt’s 2008 Report did not state
that the setting blocks were to be permanently installed on the Façade.
According to Mr Yang, the failure to remove the setting blocks resulted in no
or narrow movement joints, ie, a risk of stacking. 458

##### Foot Note 458

×

Vol 9 BAEIC, AEIC of Yang Li dated 15 January 2014 at LY-02, para 217 (p 95).

Importantly, Mr Keithly accepted that the retention of setting blocks between
the panels gave rise to a risk of stacking. He testified that setting blocks
that might have given rise to multiple stacking should have been removed after
some time: according to him, “there was just one last step not followed
through to come back and knock these things out” [emphasis added]. 459

##### Foot Note 459

×

Transcript, 3 March 2016, pp 234–235.

267 Dragages contends, however, relying on Mr Lalas’ evidence, that the
setting blocks would stop transferring load after they had settled. 460

##### Foot Note 460

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at para 246.

However, Mr Lalas ultimately accepted during the trial that a setting block in
contact with an upper and a lower panel could transfer load from the former to
the latter if the upper panel was not resting on the shaft intended to support
it. 461

##### Foot Note 461

×

Transcript, 4 March 2016, p 104.

The rest of the experts agreed. 462

##### Foot Note 462

×

Transcript, 4 March 2016, pp 105–108.

I therefore find that the continued presence of setting blocks gave rise to a
risk of stacking at least in cases where there was no movement joint (ie,
where the setting block was in contact with an upper and a lower stone panel),
and thus a real safety risk. I note Mr Mann’s evidence that the setting blocks
he inspected did not exhibit any sign of deformation indicating load transfer.
463

##### Foot Note 463

×

Transcript, 3 March 2016, p 232.

However, I cannot discount the safety risk presented by setting blocks because
apart from Mr Hartog, all the experts (including Mr Mann) agreed that a
setting block that was transferring load might not exhibit bulging or any
other form of deformation. 464

##### Foot Note 464

×

Transcript, 4 March 2016, pp 105–108.

Mr Mann explained that this was because the setting blocks were made of a
reasonably stiff rubber. 465

##### Foot Note 465

×

Transcript, 4 March 2016, p 105.

268 I now consider whether instances of DT9a was rectified. Mr Mann noted that
in some cases of DT9a, dead-load rods were installed to mitigate the risk of
stacking. 466

##### Foot Note 466

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
44).

I find that some cases of DT9a were rectified, but others were not.

(B) DT9b: Dead load rods

269 I now address DT9b. The defendants contend that instances of DT9b could
not amount to defects because the use of dead load rods was an agreed
rectification method. 467

##### Foot Note 467

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at paras 250–251; Meinhardt Façade’s closing
submissions at paras 506–507.

As Mr Mann noted, 468

##### Foot Note 468

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
45).

Meinhardt’s 2008 Report did not list dead load rods as a rectification method.
However, the use of dead load rods was explained in Meinhardt’s April 2010
Reply (see [138(b)] above). Arup did not challenge this rectification method;
on the contrary, Arup subsequently recommended that panels with cracks be
replaced or restrained with dead load pins (see [148] above). I therefore find
that Arup approved the use of dead load rods as a rectification method; and I
further find that the presence of dead load rods on the Cladding did not,
without more, amount to a defect.

270 Millenia contends, however, that the use of dead load rods narrowed or
eliminated movement joints and thus gave rise to stacking or a risk of
stacking (see [263] above). I do not agree. Stacking, as I use the term in
this judgment, refers to the transfer of load between panels (see [26] above).
Mr Yang admitted, and I find, that dead load rods were tied back to the RC
wall and their function was to take the weight of the panels above the rods
(if necessary). 469

##### Foot Note 469

×

Transcript, 10 March 2016, pp 57.

In other words, if the brackets supporting the panel above were overloaded or
defective, the rods would take up the load of the panel. 470

##### Foot Note 470

×

Transcript, 4 March 2016, pp 128–129.

Therefore, even if dead load rods eliminated movement joints, I find that
there would have been no transfer of load from the upper panel to the lower
panel, ie, no stacking, because the load of the upper panel would have been
taken up by the dead load rods. For this reason, I find that the use of dead
load rods did not give rise to a risk of stacking, and thereby a safety risk,
by narrowing or eliminating movement joints.

271 I now turn to DT4 and DT7, the alleged defects involving rusty components
which Millenia claims gave rise to a risk of stacking.

(7) DT4 and DT7: Rusty components

272 DT4 refers to anchor bolts, nuts and/or washers used to secure brackets to
the RC wall. DT7 refers to washers used to secure the shafts. Although DT4 and
DT7 were described as “corroding” components in Arup’s 100% Inspection
Spreadsheets, Mr Yap, who prepared these spreadsheets, testified that the word
“rusty” would have been more appropriate as not all of the components noted by
Arup were corroding. 471

##### Foot Note 471

×

Transcript, 19 May 2015, p 43.

Hence, I refer to DT4 and DT7 as rusty components.

273 I make the following findings:

(a) I find that the contractual specifications required the components to be
made out of AISI Type 316 stainless steel. This was undisputed. 472

##### Foot Note 472

×

Joint Expert Report of Façade Experts dated 22 February 2016 at p 10 (S/N
2.2).

(b) I find, based on Mr Yang and Mr Mann’s evidence, that the bracket
components would not have been rusty if they had been made of AISI Type 316
stainless steel. 473

##### Foot Note 473

×

Vol 9 BAEIC, AEIC of Yang Li dated 15 January 2014 at LY-02, para 146 (p 69);
Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
32).

(c) I find that there were many rusty anchor bolts, nuts and washers on the
Façade. 474

##### Foot Note 474

×

Joint Expert Report of Façade Experts dated 22 February 2016 at pp 23 and 26
(S/Ns 6.4 and 6.7).

Mr Lalas opined, based on a review of the photographs in the 100% Inspection
Reports, that there were 260 cases of DT4 and 268 cases of DT7. 475

##### Foot Note 475

×

AEIC of Peter Lalas dated 29 January 2016 at PL-1, para 387 (p 144), pp 493
and 496.

I therefore find that there were at least 260 cases of DT4 and 268 cases of
DT7. The 100% Spreadsheets indicate that these defects were distributed over
the Façade, although there were clusters of these defects on certain drops:
drops 17–18, 20–21, 38, 40 and 46–50. 476

##### Foot Note 476

×

Vol 31 BAEIC, AEIC of Derrick Yap Chong Yeow dated 28 February 2014 at DY-37
(pp 3858 and 3861).

(d) I find that there were cases of significant or severe corrosion. Mr Yang
showed me a photograph of a corroded nut at panel 37-34-6-L, which Mr Mann and
Mr Keithly agreed was significantly or severely corroded. 477

##### Foot Note 477

×

26AB 20432 and AEIC of Yang Li dated 1 October 2015 at LY-03 (p 2832);
Transcript, 2 March 2016, pp 39–40 and 52.

There was also a severely corroded anchor bolt, nut and washer at panel
38-21-55, 478

##### Foot Note 478

×

AEIC of Yang Li dated 1 October 2015 at LY-03 (p 3725).

and severely corroded washers and nuts at panels 24-34-6-L and 24-33-7-L. 479

##### Foot Note 479

×

AEIC of Yang Li dated 1 October 2015 at LY-03 (pp 647 and 649).

Given my findings above, I find that DT4 and DT7 were defects, and there were
numerous instances of these defects distributed over the Façade.

274 I now consider whether DT4 and DT7 gave rise to a real safety risk.
Millenia claims that rusty components would not have been able to secure
brackets (DT4) and shafts (DT7), 480

##### Foot Note 480

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 329 and 336; Millenia’s reply
submissions at para 243.

which would have slipped downwards and thus led to stacking. However, the
defendants submit as follows: 481

##### Foot Note 481

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at paras 177–193; Meinhardt Façade’s closing
submissions at paras 430–439.

(a) Millenia’s case that rusty components would cause brackets or shafts to
slip downwards is weak. Mr Mann inspected 36% of the panels of the Façade; 482

##### Foot Note 482

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
22).

and upon review of these panels, not a single instance of DT4 coincided with
an instance of DT10. 483

##### Foot Note 483

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, pp 51–52.

(b) Mr Lalas performed calculations that indicated that the bracket
components, if made out of mild steel, would “perform adequately for their
expected life of around 50 years”. 484

##### Foot Note 484

×

AEIC of Peter Lalas dated 29 January 2016 at PL-1, para 153 (p 55).

(c) Rusty components were rectified: corrosion inhibitors and cold galvanising
paint were applied to the same, in accordance with the proposal in Meinhardt’s
2008 Report. 485

##### Foot Note 485

×

75AB 59744, 59826; Transcript, 2 March 2016, p 47.

Further, brackets with rusty components could be rectified with dead load rods
and twisted rods. 486

##### Foot Note 486

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, pp 56–57

275 I find that DT4 and DT7 gave rise to a real safety risk, viz, that rusty
components would not have been able to hold brackets or shafts securely,
though I am unable to find that the risk was severe or immediate:

(a) First, the very fact that remedial proposals were proposed and implemented
shows that DT4 and DT7 gave rise to a real safety risk. While no cases of DT4
corresponded with cases of DT10 on the panels Mr Mann inspected, it suffices
that DT4 gave rise to a risk of stacking. In my view, the risk of stacking
cannot be discounted on the basis that it had not been realised at the time of
Mr Mann’s inspection. As I have emphasised earlier, the design life of the
Building was 50 years (see [14], [234] and [246] above). At the time of Mr
Mann’s inspection, less than 20 years had elapsed since the Building was
completed.

(b) Secondly, Mr Yang’s evidence was that Mr Lalas’ calculations were not
accurate because they did not account for bimetallic corrosion. Mr Yang
referred me to the British Standard 8298:1994, the applicable code of practice
for the design, installation and maintenance of stone cladding (“the British
Standard”). 487

##### Foot Note 487

×

AEIC of Yang Li dated 28 September 2015 at para 23 and LY-04 (pp 57–58).

This indicates that stainless steel components should not be used in contact
with components made of mild steel, and only with zinc components under dry
conditions. Mr Yang showed me photographs of components made of galvanised
steel, ie, mild steel coated with zinc, 488

##### Foot Note 488

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, p 70.

in contact with stainless steel brackets. 489

##### Foot Note 489

×

AEIC of Yang Li dated 1 October 2015 at LY-03 (pp 647 and 649).

He said that there would be water at some of these regions; and they would
corrode much faster than at the rate Mr Lalas postulated. 490

##### Foot Note 490

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, p 77.

In response, Mr Lalas did not dispute Mr Yang’s evidence except to claim that
the relevant components would be dry “most of the time” and so less bimetallic
corrosion would occur. 491

##### Foot Note 491

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, p 78.

I find that there would have been bimetallic corrosion; and it was thus not
safe to rely on Mr Lalas’ evidence that the components would “perform
adequately” for “around 50 years” (see [274(b)] above).

(c) Thirdly, the specifications clearly required the components to be made out
of stainless steel. There must have been a reason for this. I find that the
reason was that if stainless steel were not used, components would rust and
this would give rise to a safety risk (of stacking).

276 I also find that while some rusty components were rectified, others were
not as (1) they could not be detected until the Façade was reclad (see
[681(b)(i)] below), 492

##### Foot Note 492

×

AEIC of Yang Li dated 28 September 2015 at para 17 (pp 12–14 and pp 17–18);
AEIC of Yang Li dated 1 October 2015 at LY-03 (p 3728); Transcript, 2 March
2016, p 63.

or (2) it was not possible to apply corrosion inhibitors to some areas. 493

##### Foot Note 493

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, p 66.

277 I now turn to DT3, DT5 and DT6. These were components that Millenia claims
were improperly installed, thus giving rise to a safety risk.

(8) DT3: Insufficiently or excessively embedded anchor bolts

278 DT3 pertains to anchor bolts that were used to attach brackets to the RC
wall (see the diagram at [20] above). Millenia submits that some anchor bolts
were insufficiently or excessively embedded in the RC wall. There was thus a
lack of engagement between the anchor bolt and the nut. The bracket was
therefore in danger of becoming loose and slipping downwards, reducing or
eliminating movement joints. 494

##### Foot Note 494

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 246 and 252;

Hence, DT3 gave rise to a risk of stacking.

279 It does not appear that there were specifications for the minimum
embedment depth of anchor bolts. Mr Yang was not aware of such a drawing. 495

##### Foot Note 495

×

Vol 9 BAEIC, AEIC of Yang Li dated 15 January 2014 at LY-02, para 141 fn 28 (p
68).

I was shown one drawing which indicated that the minimum embedment depth of a
Trubolt stud anchor was 50mm. However, this was not a design document but a
drawing regarding proposed rectification methods after the 1st Fall. 496

##### Foot Note 496

×

1AB 585; Transcript, 2 March 2016, pp 101–102.

280 The issue is thus whether the anchor bolts were installed in a way that
gave rise to a real safety risk; and consequently, were defective. In this
regard, Millenia relies on British and Australian standards to contend that
the anchor bolts were excessively or insufficiently embedded in the RC wall.
All the façade experts agreed that the British and Australian standards were
good practice. 497

##### Foot Note 497

×

Joint Expert Report of Façade Experts dated 22 February 2016 at Appendix A, p
2 (S/N 1.4.1).

However, Dragages argues that the mere departure from international standards
did not render a panel unsafe, and emphasises that Mr Yang did not produce
calculations to prove that the embedment of the bolts created a safety risk.
498

##### Foot Note 498

×

Dragages’ reply submissions at paras 499–500.

281 Ultimately, this disagreement is moot given the evidence at trial that
some anchor bolts were simply not safely embedded into the RC wall. I found
several examples of insufficiently and excessively embedded anchor bolts, but
it will suffice to refer to one example each where the experts agreed:

(a) DT3a (insufficient embedment): I was shown a photograph of an anchor bolt
protruding some way out of the RC wall at an angle (panel 27-35-1-R). 499

##### Foot Note 499

×

AEIC of Yang Li dated 1 October 2015 at LY-03 (pp 16 and 1123).

Mr Lalas and Mr Keithly admitted that this was “not best practice”. 500

##### Foot Note 500

×

Transcript, 1 March 2016, pp 164–165.

Mr Lalas agreed that he had safety in mind when he spoke of “best practice”.
501

##### Foot Note 501

×

Transcript, 1 March 2016, p 200.

Mr Hartog also said that he would be concerned about the anchor bolt. 502

##### Foot Note 502

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, pp 34–35.

I find that this bolt was not safely installed: it was insufficiently embedded
into the RC wall, and there was thus a risk of the bracket slipping downwards.
Significantly, the photograph indicated that the risk had materialised: it
showed a scratch mark which Mr Yang and Mr Keithly agreed showed the bracket
had slipped. 503

##### Foot Note 503

×

Transcript, 1 March 2016, pp 163 and 165.

I find on the basis of their evidence that the bracket in question did slip
down.

(b) DT3b (excessive embedment): Mr Yang showed me a photograph of an anchor
bolt that was barely engaged, if at all, with the nut because it was embedded
very far into the RC wall (panel 37-33-7-R). 504

##### Foot Note 504

×

AEIC of Yang Li dated 1 October 2015 at LY-03 (pp 17 and 2847).

Mr Lalas agreed that he would not accept workmanship of this nature, as did Mr
Mann. 505

##### Foot Note 505

×

Transcript, 1 March 2016, pp 180–181.

I thus find that this anchor bolt was not safely installed because it was
excessively embedded into the RC wall.

Two other panels with improperly embedded anchor bolts were panel 38-34-3-R
and panel 22-35-02-R. 506

##### Foot Note 506

×

Panel 38-34-3-R: AEIC of Yang Li dated 1 October 2015 at LY-03 (p 3550) and
Transcript, 1 March 2016, pp 165–166; Panel 22-35-02-R: AEIC of Yang Li dated
1 October 2015 at LY-03 (p 276) and Transcript, 1 March 2016, pp 207–212.

I find that some anchor bolts were installed in an unsafe and thus defective
way, and thereby gave rise to a real risk of stacking, albeit this defect was
not widespread (Arup found 17 instances of DT3a and 2 instances of DT3b: see
[230] above).

282 I also find that at least some cases of DT3 were not rectified: Meinhardt
Façade did not propose remedial measures for this defect. 507

##### Foot Note 507

×

Meinhardt Façade’s reply submissions at para 240.

While Dragages submits that the panel referred to at [281(b)] above was
rectified by means of a twisted rod, 508

##### Foot Note 508

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at para 170.

I note that twisted rods were proposed as a remedial method only for panels
requiring wind load restraint, eg, shaky panels and/or panels with cracks at
the pins (see [322(a)] below). 509

##### Foot Note 509

×

75AB 59744, 59869.

It therefore does not appear that this defect was rectified.

(9) DT5: Brackets not attached perpendicular to the RC wall

283 DT5 concerns brackets that were not attached perpendicular to the RC wall,
but were installed in other orientations.

284 Having reviewed the design documents, 510

##### Foot Note 510

×

Vol 9 BAEIC, AEIC of Yang Li dated 15 January 2014 at LY-02, para 136 (p 66)
and Annex 2, Tab 3 (pp 200–216); 66AB 52130–52146.

I find that they provided for the brackets to be attached perpendicular to the
RC wall. Therefore, brackets that were not attached perpendicular to the RC
wall were defective.

285 I find that there were numerous instances of DT5 across the Façade:

(a) Mr Lalas opined, based on a review of the photographs in the 100%
Inspection Reports, that there were 141 cases of DT5. I therefore find that
there were at least 141 cases of DT5. 511

##### Foot Note 511

×

AEIC of Peter Lalas dated 29 January 2016 at PL-1, p 494.

(b) Mr Mann inspected 239 brackets. He observed that Arup’s figure of 701
affected panels (see [230] above) may have been inflated because the design
for type A and type C brackets (see [24] above) provided for them to be
oriented at 90 degrees and 180 degrees respectively to type B brackets. 512

##### Foot Note 512

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
36).

For this reason, according to Mr Mann, brackets that were recorded as
instances of DT5 could in fact have been properly installed type A or type C
brackets. 513

##### Foot Note 513

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, pp 120–121.

Nonetheless, out of the 239 brackets which he inspected, 87 were not installed
at 0, 90 or 180 degrees. Mr Mann concluded that these “could therefore be
considered misaligned to some degree”. 514

##### Foot Note 514

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
36).

I find that these 87 brackets were cases of DT5.

286 I find, however, that DT5 did not give rise to a real safety risk.
Millenia argues that DT5 gave rise to a risk of stacking in two ways. 515

##### Foot Note 515

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 206–208.

(a) First, brackets that were not attached perpendicular to the RC wall could
not hold their shafts securely in position. The shafts were thus in danger of
becoming loose.

(b) Secondly, brackets that exhibited DT5 were unable to withstand their
current load and would deflect downwards.

In either case, the shafts of the brackets would almost touch or touch the
panel below, 516

##### Foot Note 516

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, p 111.

thus narrowing or eliminating the movement joints. 517

##### Foot Note 517

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 208.

287 I do not accept these contentions for the following reasons:

(a) First, in relation to [286(a)], I find it difficult to understand why the
shafts in brackets that were not attached perpendicular to the RC wall were in
danger of becoming loose. Mr Mann’s evidence, which I accept, was that each
shaft was “held in place in position by the conical bolt which is independent
of the bracket orientation”. 518

##### Foot Note 518

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
37).

In other words, it was the conical bolt, not the orientation of the bracket,
which determined whether the shaft was held securely in position.

(b) Secondly, in relation to [286(b)], the evidence of Mr Mann and Mr Keithly
was that a bracket’s orientation did not affect its ability to support a stone
panel. On the contrary, as a (type B) bracket was rotated towards 90 degrees
of its intended orientation, its ability to withstand dead load and wind load
would increase. 519

##### Foot Note 519

×

AEIC of James Phillip Mann and Hugh Keithly dated 20 January 2016 at para 23.5
(p 35); Transcript, 2 March 2016, pp 122–125.

Mr Mann and Mr Keithly relied in this regard on a calculation by Meinhardt in
its reply of 22 May 2008 to comments made by Arup on Meinhardt’s 2008 Report
(see [106] above). 520

##### Foot Note 520

×

AEIC of James Phillip Mann and Hugh Keithly dated 20 January 2016 at Appendix
I (pp 132–141); 78AB 62175–62183.

During the trial, I asked Mr Keithly why, if that calculation were correct,
the brackets were not designed to be installed in a rotated orientation. 521

##### Foot Note 521

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, p 123.

Mr Keithly explained that the design accounted for ease of installation and
hence did not provide for the brackets to be installed in a rotated
orientation because it would be more difficult to install the brackets that
way. Mr Hartog agreed with the evidence of Mr Mann and Mr Keithly, adding that
if a bracket was installed at 180 degrees of its intended orientation, it
would have the same ability to withstand load as if it were installed in the
intended orientation. 522

##### Foot Note 522

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, pp 126–127.

Mr Lalas also agreed that a rotated bracket did not give rise to a safety
issue. 523

##### Foot Note 523

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, p 116.

I thus find that the orientation of a bracket did not affect its ability to
withstand dead load and wind load. While Millenia relied on Arup’s 2nd 2004
Report and an earlier calculation by Meinhardt in 2005 to contend that
brackets that were incorrectly oriented were less able to support stone
panels, 524

##### Foot Note 524

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 207–208.

I do not place much weight on this evidence for the following reasons:

(i) First, while Arup’s 2nd 2004 Report stated that brackets that were
incorrectly oriented might not have “adequate strength for the predicted
load”, this view was stated to be subject to other calculations or test
results. 525

##### Foot Note 525

×

69AB 54885, 54895.

Moreover, in any event, as noted at [(b)] above, Mr Hartog, Arup’s expert, did
not endorse the view expressed in Arup’s 2nd 2004 Report at trial.

(ii) Secondly, Meinhardt’s calculation in 2005 also indicated that rotated
brackets had adequate strength to carry their loads, albeit they were
allegedly less strong. 526

##### Foot Note 526

×

71AB 56480, 56483.

Therefore, Meinhardt’s calculation in 2005 does not strongly support
Millenia’s case that rotated brackets would give rise to a real safety risk.

288 In summary, I find that DT5 was a defect but that it did not give rise to
a real risk of stacking (and thus a real safety risk).

(10) DT6: Short shafts

289 DT6 refers to “shafts not long enough to completely engage with the
conical bolts”. The evidence indicates, and I find, that the yardstick adopted
in assessing instances of DT6 was whether the shaft protruded a certain
distance (not specified) out of the back of the conical bolts. Some recorded
instances of DT6 were shafts that did not protrude out of the back of the
conical bolts at all; others were shafts that only protruded beyond the
conical bolts a short distance.

290 Millenia submits that the design drawings required the shafts to protrude
out of the back of the conical bolts. 527

##### Foot Note 527

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 279–280.

Having reviewed the relevant drawings, 528

##### Foot Note 528

×

66AB 52130–52146.

I agree. Dragages claims the drawings for different brackets showed different
lengths of shaft protruding past the conical bolts. 529

##### Foot Note 529

×

Dragages’ reply submissions at para 528.

Dragages further submits that the design provided for shafts to be adjusted in
and out, so that the granite panels could be aligned notwithstanding variances
in depth in the RC wall. 530

##### Foot Note 530

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at para 210; Transcript, 2 March 2016, pp
162–163.

Whilst I can accept Dragages’ submissions here, all of the design drawings
showed some level of protrusion of the shaft out of the back of the conical
bolts. During the trial, Mr Lalas noted one reason for such a design: if the
shafts were installed in this way, one would know that they were fully engaged
with the conical bolts. 531

##### Foot Note 531

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, p 152.

This explains why the design had this feature notwithstanding that it did not
enhance the extent to which the shaft was held securely by the conical bolt
(see [292(a)] below). In sum, I find that the design drawings provided for the
shafts to protrude out of the back of the conical bolts. Therefore, any shaft
that did not protrude out of the back of its conical bolt was defective.

291 I find that there were several cases of shafts that did not protrude out
of the back of the conical bolts or hardly did so. Mr Yang showed me several
photographs which illustrated this, 532

##### Foot Note 532

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, pp 150–152.

eg, the shafts at panels 38-3-133, 64-26-37, and 1-35-05-L. 533

##### Foot Note 533

×

AEIC of Yang Li dated 1 October 2015 at LY-03 (p 4053, photo 3); 36AB 28082
(left pin) and 13AB 9817.

Further, Mr Mann and Mr Keithly found, in reviewing 13 photographs of alleged
instances of DT6 in the Reclad Report, four instances of shafts that did not
protrude past the back of the conical bolt. 534

##### Foot Note 534

×

AEIC of James Phillip Mann and Hugh Keithly dated 20 January 2016 at para 24.4
(p 36).

292 Millenia contends that DT6 gave rise to a safety risk because where the
shafts were not of the appropriate lengths, they were loose or in danger of
becoming loose. 535

##### Foot Note 535

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 277 and 284–285.

The shafts would tilt or be in danger of tilting down; and this would give
rise to a risk of stacking. However, I find that Millenia has not proved on
the balance of probabilities that where a shaft did not protrude out of the
back of the conical bolt, this gave rise to a risk of stacking:

(a) All of the defendant’s experts agreed that, to the extent that a shaft
protruded beyond the back of the conical bolt, this did nothing in and of
itself to enhance the extent to which the shaft was held securely by the
conical bolt. 536

##### Foot Note 536

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, pp 152–157.

There was a “friction grip connection” between the shaft and the conical bolt,
the strength of which “[did] not depend upon the area of the surfaces in
contact”. 537

##### Foot Note 537

×

AEIC of James Phillip Mann and Hugh Keithly dated 20 January 2016 at para 24.4
(p 36).

Rather, the strength of the connection depended on the torque that had been
applied to the conical bolt when it was installed, which would determine the
strength of the grip applied by the compression of the conical bolt on the
shaft.

(b) Nevertheless, leaving the amount of torque to one side, all of the
experts, including Mr Yang, agreed that there had to be at least 10mm of
engagement between the shaft and the conical bolt, 538

##### Foot Note 538

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, pp 163–164.

which was 20mm in depth. 539

##### Foot Note 539

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, pp 152 and 154.

I therefore accept that, to the extent that there were shafts that did not
engage with at least 10mm of the conical bolt, a real risk of stacking would
have arisen because the shafts would have been loose. However, Millenia has
not furnished sufficient evidence that there were any such shafts. I am unable
to find on the basis of the photographs and the other evidence that shafts
that did not protrude out of the back of the conical bolts did not engage with
at least 10mm of the conical bolt. I am therefore unable to find that there
were shafts which were not adequately engaged with the conical bolts, and were
thus loose or in danger of becoming loose, thereby giving rise to a real risk
of stacking.

293 In sum, I find that some cases of DT6, ie, those cases where the shafts
did not protrude out of the back of conical bolts, were defects. However,
there is insufficient evidence for me to find that they gave rise to a real
risk of stacking (and thus posed a real safety risk).

294 I now turn to a separate group of alleged defects. Millenia’s case is that
these defects gave rise to a safety risk not because they led to a risk of
stacking, but because they led to an independent risk that chips would form at
pin holes.

(11) DT1 and DT15: Oversized pin holes and shaky panels

295 DT1 refers to oversized pin holes in the panels. DT15 refers to shaky
panels.

296 The 100% Spreadsheets for DT1 and DT15 highlight exactly the same panels.
540

##### Foot Note 540

×

Vol 31 BAEIC, AEIC of Derrick Yap Chong Yeow dated 28 February 2014 at DY-37
(pp 3853 and 3871).

Mr Yap, who compiled the 100% Spreadsheets, 541

##### Foot Note 541

×

Vol 27 BAEIC, AEIC of Derrick Yap Chong Yeow dated 28 February 2014 at paras 1
and 59.

explained that DT1 and DT15 were “doubled up”. 542

##### Foot Note 542

×

Transcript, 19 May 2015, p 36.

I glean from this that in collating the 100% Spreadsheets, Arup deemed every
panel which it identified to be shaky (DT15) to have oversized pin holes
(DT1). I pause to note that it is not clear why Arup deemed every case of DT15
to be a case of DT1. First, it is also possible, given my conclusions
regarding the 2nd Panel, that some panels were shaky due to undersized pins
(see [402(e)] below). Second, the Aurecon Protocol provided that in assessing
whether panels were in danger of falling in the near future due to
insufficient embedment of pins, Arup’s inspectors were to shake the panels.
543

##### Foot Note 543

×

87AB 69518, 69525; Transcript, 30 June 2016, pp 54–56.

In other words, shakiness was identified as a symptom of panels with
insufficiently embedded pins, a different defect from DT1. One possibility is
that only extremely shaky panels would have been indicative of panels with
pins of insufficient embedment depth (in danger of falling in the near
future), and Arup did not find such panels (I note that Mr Mann did not find
panels of severe shakiness: see [300] below). But the evidence is unclear in
this regard. What is clear is that Arup deemed every case of DT15 to be a case
of DT1, and I so find. I will therefore deal with DT1 and DT15 together. For
brevity, I will simply refer to DT1 and not DT15 below.

297 It is undisputed that the contractual specifications were for the pin
holes to be 8mm in diameter, with a tolerance of +/-0.75mm. 544

##### Foot Note 544

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
26).

Consequently, any pin hole with a diameter of more than 8.75mm would have
amounted to a defect.

298 I find that there were many cases of pin holes exceeding 8.75mm, on the
Cladding. I note that Arup did not measure the diameter of the allegedly
oversized holes. 545

##### Foot Note 545

×

Transcript, 29 February 2016, pp 227–228.

Nor did Mr Yang. However, the evidence was as follows:

(a) Mr Mann measured the pin holes on 81 of the 240 panels Arup identified as
cases of DT1. He found 27 holes exceeding 8.75mm in diameter, with 13
exceeding 9mm in diameter; the largest pin hole was 10mm in diameter. He
opined that extrapolating from this sample, about 80 panels might have been
affected by DT1, and I so find. 546

##### Foot Note 546

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (pp
26–27).

(b) Mr Yang testified that one could discern an oversized hole from
photographs, because a hole of 8mm would be “very close to the pin”. 547

##### Foot Note 547

×

Transcript, 29 February 2016, p 228.

Although some photographs Mr Yang showed me did not clearly show oversized pin
holes, a photograph of panel 14-20-61 indicates that there was an oversized
pin hole on this panel. 548

##### Foot Note 548

×

19AB 14554; Transcript, 29 February 2016, p 179.

I therefore find that there were numerous cases of DT1. I note that the pin
holes were supposed to be drilled in the factory, and Mr Yang accepted that
most of these factory-drilled pin holes would have been of the correct size.
However, he explained, and I find, that some pin holes were drilled on site.
549

##### Foot Note 549

×

Transcript, 29 February 2016, pp 192–193.

According to Mr Yang, site drilling had been done because there were “cast-in
socket locations that [were] not in the right place”, and the workers
accommodated this by drilling some pin holes on site. On balance, I accept Mr
Yang’s evidence on this.

299 I now turn to the issue of whether DT1 created or contributed to a real
safety risk. Millenia submits that oversized pin holes would result in the
pins, which were 6mm in diameter (see [25] above), being loose or in danger of
becoming loose. The panel would be shaky; it would rattle backwards and
forwards. This would cause chips at the pin areas. 550

##### Foot Note 550

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 218, 222 and 226; Transcript, 29
February 2016, p 182.

However, Dragages and Meinhardt Façade contend that oversized pin holes would
not have resulted in the pins being loose or in danger of becoming loose for
the following reasons: 551

##### Foot Note 551

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at paras 136–140; Meinhardt Façade’s closing
submissions at paras 347–355.

(a) The diameter of holes could have been wider at the surface due to chipping
or cracks when the holes were drilled. If the rest of the hole was not
oversized, the pin would have fitted securely in the hole.

(b) The design provided for the pin holes (along the top edge of the panels)
to be fitted with PVC sleeves that would have filled the gap between the pins
and the holes.

300 I find that oversized pin holes caused some pins to become loose. I accept
that some pin holes may only have been oversized at the surface; and some may
have contained PVC sleeves that filled the gap between the pin and the hole.
However, Mr Mann examined 83 of the 240 panels Arup claimed were shaky for
shakiness. 552

##### Foot Note 552

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
73).

He found 46 of these panels (55%) to be not shaky, but 23 panels (28%)
exhibited minor shakiness (“a slight rattle”) and 14 panels (17%) exhibited
moderate shakiness (“a knocking”). According to Mr Mann, there were no panels
which were severely shaky. Mr Mann deposed that the moderate shakiness of
panels “may be attributed to oversized pin holes …”. 553

##### Foot Note 553

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
73); Transcript, 12 March 2016, p 81.

301 Further, I accept Mr Yang’s evidence that where pins were loose in their
pin holes, and the panels were consequently shaky, this led to a risk that
chips would form near the pin holes. Mr Yang explained that chips would form
due to continuous rattling of the panel backwards and forwards. 554

##### Foot Note 554

×

Transcript, 29 February 2016, p 182.

His explanation was consistent with Meinhardt’s 2008 Report, which stated that
a “[rattling] panel might be subjected to undue stress if it were allowed to
rattle too often” and proposed that structural silicone be applied to address
shaky panels. 555

##### Foot Note 555

×

75AB 59744, 59825.

Mr Yang’s explanation was also consistent with Mr Hartog’s comment that shaky
panels were defective because there was “a potentially dangerous shortcoming
in the load path and stone-fixing contact areas [in other words, the pin
areas] of the intended design”. 556

##### Foot Note 556

×

Joint Expert Report of Façade Experts dated 22 February 2016 at p 41 (S/N
8.6).

Mr Hartog expanded on this during the trial by noting that oversized pin holes
could lead to half-moon or half circular cracks forming around pin holes, ie,
DT14a. 557

##### Foot Note 557

×

Transcript, 29 February 2016, pp 186–188.

I accept the evidence of Mr Yang and Mr Hartog.

302 I find that not all instances of DT1 were rectified during the
Rectification Works. Mr Mann inspected the panels after the Rectification
Works and found shaky panels. It follows that not all instances of DT1, which
defect manifested itself in shaky panels, were rectified during the
Rectification Works.

(12) DT2: Half pins not welded or welded improperly

303 DT2 pertains to half pins (see [25] above). The parties agree that there
were half pins that were not welded. 558

##### Foot Note 558

×

Joint Expert Report of Façade Experts dated 22 February 2016 at Appendix A, p
1 (S/N 1.1.1).

They disagree on:

(a) whether the contractual specifications provided for half pins to be welded
to the shaft; and

(b) whether the lack of welding gave rise to safety issues, by causing some
half pins to be loose or in danger of becoming loose. 559

##### Foot Note 559

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 227–230.

304 In relation to [303(a)], all of the façade experts except Mr Yang said
that welding was not a requirement of the original design. 560

##### Foot Note 560

×

Joint Expert Report of Façade Experts dated 22 February 2016 at p 21 (S/N
6.2).

Mr Yang relied on an as-built drawing in support of his view that half pins
were to be welded to the shaft. 561

##### Foot Note 561

×

Vol 9 BAEIC, AEIC of Yang Li dated 15 January 2014 at LY-02, para 165 (p 75)
and Tab 13 (p 596); 66AB 52220.

However, that drawing was stated to be for “Soffit to 3rd Storey”; 562

##### Foot Note 562

×

66AB 52206.

and Mr Yang eventually agreed that it was for a “non-typical area”. 563

##### Foot Note 563

×

Transcript, 22 September 2015, p 145.

Mr Yang later referred to another drawing, but the evidence was that this
drawing only applied to three panels that were reinstated after the 1st Fall.
564

##### Foot Note 564

×

Transcript, 1 March 2016, pp 24–25.

Having reviewed other as-built drawings that the defendants highlighted, 565

##### Foot Note 565

×

64AB 50910, 50985; 66AB 52130, 52131.

I find that there was no specific contractual requirement for half pins to be
welded to the shaft. Whether there should have been such a requirement is
another matter (see [309]–[311] below).

305 Whether DT2 was a defect therefore turns on whether it gave rise to a real
safety risk. During the trial, I was shown photographs of both vertical and
horizontal half pins, ie, pins inserted into the top and bottom edges of
panels and pins inserted into the sides of panels. I note at this point that
the instances of DT2 reflected in the 100% Spreadsheets were instances of
vertical half pins slipping downwards, not horizontal half pins slipping
sideways. Nonetheless, the evidence on horizontal half pins was extensively
discussed by the façade experts during the trial. I am satisfied that the
parties will not be prejudiced by the admission of this evidence. I will
therefore consider this evidence as well.

306 The primary safety risk highlighted in relation to vertical pins inserted
into the bottom edge of panels, and horizontal half pins, was the risk that
the pin would slip out of its hole and thus fail to restrain the panel. The
primary safety risk highlighted into relation to vertical pins inserted into
the top edge of panels was the risk that the pin would slip downwards and fail
to engage with the shaft.

307 I shall first discuss the vertical half pins, beginning with DT2b (half
pins inserted up into panels, which slipped down and became exposed). There
was evidence of DT2b. 566

##### Foot Note 566

×

21AB 16792–16793; Transcript, 11 March 2016, pp 109–112.

However, all the experts agreed that half pins exhibiting DT2b would not have
completely disengaged from the panels they were inserted into, because there
was a stone panel below the half pin. Even if the pin disengaged to the extent
that it came to rest on the panel below, it would still have been sufficiently
engaged in the upper panel. 567

##### Foot Note 567

×

Transcript, 1 March 2016, pp 149–153.

Millenia submits, however, that in cases of DT2b, the panel might have rattled
giving rise to chips around pins. 568

##### Foot Note 568

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 234(c).

But I accept Mr Lalas’ evidence that this would not have occured. 569

##### Foot Note 569

×

Transcript, 1 March 2016, p 159.

Mr Lalas explained that the dead load of the panel would have been resting on
the shaft to which the pin was attached, and thus the friction at the pin hole
would have been enormous, impeding the pin from rattling. I thus find that
cases of DT2b did not give rise to a real safety risk. Hence, DT2b was not a
defect.

308 I now come to DT2a (half pins inserted down into panels, which slipped
deeper into the pin holes and were thus not fully engaged with the shaft). The
experts agreed there were cases of vertical half pins, inserted down into
panels, which were not fully engaged with their shafts. In respect of some
pins, it was not clear whether the pin had slipped or was simply installed in
the way shown in the photograph. 570

##### Foot Note 570

×

29AB 22472; Transcript, 1 March 2016, pp 73–75.

But there were examples of pins that would only have been engaged with the
shaft, if at all, very minimally. One example is the top right pin of panel
53-33-08, which Mr Yang, Mr Lalas, Mr Keithly and Mr Mann agreed did not
protrude out of the shaft at all (indicating that there was minimal
engagement, if any, between the pin and the shaft). 571

##### Foot Note 571

×

31AB 24789 and Transcript, 1 March 2016, pp 78–80.

The photographs in the Reclad Report of panel 24-33-08-L also show a half pin
that was minimally engaged, if at all, with the shaft. 572

##### Foot Note 572

×

AEIC of Yang Li dated 1 October 2015 at LY-03 (p 14).

If the pins were installed in this way, with such scant (if any) engagement
with the shaft, this would have been extremely shoddy workmanship. The
multiple defects found on the Facade is evidence of shoddy workmanship.
Whether the pins were installed in this way, or whether these pins
subsequently slipped downwards, points to the same conclusion of poor to
shoddy workmanship. On balance, however, it seems more likely that the pins
were not installed in this way; I find that they slipped downwards.

309 Further, I find that DT2a led to a real safety risk. Mr Lalas conceded
that if there was even one panel where a half pin could slip downwards, that
would not be safe. 573

##### Foot Note 573

×

Transcript, 1 March 2016, p 83.

The question is then whether DT2a was therefore a defect, ie, whether the
general contractual requirements were breached in virtue of this safety risk
(see [228] above). I do not accept Mr Lalas’ evidence that welding was not
“practical and safe from an engineering standpoint”: I fail to understand
this. 574

##### Foot Note 574

×

AEIC of Peter Lalas dated 29 January 2016 at PL-1, para 135 (p 39).

In view of the real safety risk due to the lack of welding, I find that DT2a
(the fact that vertical half pins inserted down into panels were not welded to
their shafts) was a defect.

310 I now turn to horizontal half pins. I find that there were horizontal half
pins that had disengaged or were very close to disengaging from their shafts,
such as a half pin on panel 55-05-123-R. 575

##### Foot Note 575

×

33AB 25963; Transcript, 11 March 2016, pp 91–96.

(It appears that this occurred because some panels moved sideways; the experts
agreed there was evidence of such movement. 576

##### Foot Note 576

×

Transcript, 1 March 2016, pp 31–33; Transcript, 11 March 2016, pp 81–82 and
89.

) I find this gave rise to a real safety risk as there would be one less pin
restraining the panel if the pin disengaged (see [246] above). I therefore
find that the lack of welding of horizontal half pins was a defect because it
gave rise to a real safety risk.

311 In summary, the lack of welding of half pins was a defect in respect of
vertical pins inserted down into panels (DT2a) and horizontal half pins
inserted into the sides of panels. This was a design defect because the design
did not provide for welding.

(13) DT17: Pins of insufficient embedment depth

312 DT17 refers to full pins of insufficient embedment depth. Notably, the
100% Spreadsheets do not include “pins of insufficient embedment depth” as a
category of defects (see [230] above). The reason for this omission is
unclear. The Aurecon Protocol required Arup to record panels with pins of
insufficient embedment depth. 577

##### Foot Note 577

×

87AB 69518, 69522.

Arup did so: the 100% Inspection Reports contain photographs captioned
“Insufficient embedment of pin” or words to that effect (according to
Dragages, there are photographs of 295 such panels). 578

##### Foot Note 578

×

Transcript, 30 June 2016, pp 58–60.

Further, the table prepared by Arup after its inspection of 25% of the Façade
(see [220(b)] above) contains a category described as “Insufficient embedment
of pins”, indicating that there were 71 affected panels. 579

##### Foot Note 579

×

1AB 19.

Yet this category of defects was not reflected in the 100% Spreadsheets. DT17
was only introduced in the Reclad Report. According to Mr Yang, DT17 only
covered pins whose insufficient embedment was not previously observable. 580

##### Foot Note 580

×

AEIC of Yang Li dated 28 September 2015 at para 20.

Pins found to be embedded less than 12mm into the panels were counted as cases
of DT17. 581

##### Foot Note 581

×

AEIC of Yang Li dated 1 October 2015 at LY-03 (p 39).

313 The design provided for the full pins, of 70mm in length, to be embedded
30mm in the upper and lower stone panels, with a movement joint of 10mm. 582

##### Foot Note 582

×

Joint Expert Report of Façade Experts dated 22 February 2016 at Appendix A, p
22 (S/N 1.17.1).

The Reclad Report contained several photographs of full pins that Mr Lalas
admitted were embedded only around 6–8mm into their respective stone panels.
583

##### Foot Note 583

×

AEIC of Peter Lalas dated 29 January 2016 at PL-1, paras 279–282 (pp 117–120).

I thus find that there were several cases of full pins of insufficient
embedment depth and that this was defective work, which was not rectified
during the Rectification Works.

314 I now consider whether DT17 gave rise to a real safety risk. Two safety
risks were identified. First, the risk of cracks forming around the relevant
pins (DT14a). Second, the risk of the pins disengaging from the panel.

(a) The risk of cracks forming around the pins: Mr Yang claimed that where
pins were insufficiently embedded into panels, cracks might form around the
pins. 584

##### Foot Note 584

×

AEIC of Yang Li dated 1 October 2015 at LY-03 (p 39).

Mr Lalas disagreed. He claimed that he had performed calculations that showed
that even if the embedment depth of the pin was 1–2mm, the stress in the
granite at the pin would have been “acceptably low”. 585

##### Foot Note 585

×

AEIC of Peter Lalas dated 29 January 2016 at PL-1, para 276 (p 115).

The calculations supporting this opinion are not set out in Mr Lalas’ expert
report and it is unclear what assumptions they were based on. Having reviewed
the relevant drawings, it appears to me that one consideration may well
explain Mr Yang’s position. If a pin was embedded, say, 5mm into the pin hole,
and the PVC sleeve into which the pin was to be embedded was too short, or had
moved downwards, there may have been no PVC sleeve around the pin. The pins
were 6mm in diameter (see [25] above); the pin holes were to be 8mm in
diameter (see [297] above); and the PVC sleeve was 1mm thick. 586

##### Foot Note 586

×

1AB 619; Transcript, 12 March 2016, p 60.

The pin may thus have begun to rattle in the hole, leading to cracks around
the pins. I therefore find that if there was no PVC sleeve around an
insufficiently embedded pin, this may have led to cracks forming around the
pin.

(b) The risk of pins disengaging from the panels: Mr Lalas accepted that a pin
had to be sufficiently engaged into a panel so that it would not “pop out” due
to, for example, building movements. He claimed that an embedment of 3mm would
have been adequate. 587

##### Foot Note 587

×

AEIC of Peter Lalas dated 29 January 2016 at PL-1, para 519 (p 178).

I do not accept this. The British Standard, the applicable code of practice
(see [275(b)] above), provided for pins to be embedded to a depth of at least
20mm. 588

##### Foot Note 588

×

AEIC of Yang Li dated 28 September 2015 at para 23 and LY-04 (p 59).

Mr Lalas’ figure of 3mm was far less than the 20mm stipulated by the British
Standard and the 30mm provided for under the specifications. I therefore do
not accept the 3mm figure postulated by Mr Lalas. However, there was
insufficient evidence for me to make a finding on the precise embedment depth
which, if not achieved, would have given rise to a risk of the pin disengaging
from the panel.

315 I now turn to DT11 and DT12, both of which were described in the 100%
Spreadsheets as involving “stitching”.

(14) DT11: Stitching within a panel

316 DT11 refers to the Stitching Procedure, which was used with the aim of
stabilising cracks on panels. It involved cutting a slot across cracks and
inserting steel plates into the slot which were fixed in place using an epoxy
glue. 589

##### Foot Note 589

×

84AB 67117, 67120; Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February
2014 at JPM-2 (p 52).

I note that the Stitching Procedure was performed using metal plates and not
pins.

317 It is undisputed, and I find, that the Stitching Procedure was not an
agreed rectification method. Yet it was used on the Façade. I have found that
one important reason why it was used was to cut costs (see [138] above). 590

##### Foot Note 590

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
52).

318 Millenia submits that the Stitching Procedure was not a proper
rectification method: panels to which the Stitching Procedure was applied
remained defective. 591

##### Foot Note 591

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 367.

In other words, Millenia’s case is not that the Stitching Procedure itself
gave rise to an independent safety risk, but that it did not mitigate the
safety risk that arose due to cracks on panels.

319 Mr Yang and Mr Hartog agreed that the Stitching Procedure was not an
appropriate method for rectifying cracks. 592

##### Foot Note 592

×

Joint Expert Report of Façade Experts dated 22 February 2016 at p 46 (S/N
9.4).

Mr Lalas and Mr Keithly did not dispute, and I find, that the Stitching
Procedure was not an appropriate remedial method when used alone for cracks
across the face of a panel or for cracks near pins. 593

##### Foot Note 593

×

Transcript, 27 June 2016, pp 7–8

Yet Mr Lalas claimed that the Stitching Procedure was an adequate remedial
method for small cracks. 594

##### Foot Note 594

×

Transcript, 27 June 2016, p 13.

I do not accept this evidence. I find that the Stitching Procedure was not an
appropriate rectification method even for small cracks. As I have noted, there
was one panel (8-28-30-R), where the Stitching Procedure was applied to what
was initially a small crack on the right side of the panel (see [238(a)]
above). However, the stitch failed to prevent the crack from propagating to
the left and across the panel. In other words, the Stitching Procedure failed
to serve its purpose of stabilising the crack. Mr Hartog opined that the
Stitching Procedure, applied to this panel, was a “highly unsatisfactory
repair” creating an “unacceptable risk that the stone would fold”. 595

##### Foot Note 595

×

16AB 12576, 16AB 12578, 104AB 82952; Transcript, 10 March 2016, pp 143–147;
Transcript, 29 June 2016, pp 5–11.

320 Mr Hartog explained that the Stitching Procedure was not a “common
industry practice”, as Mr Lalas, Mr Mann and Mr Keithly claimed. 596

##### Foot Note 596

×

Joint Expert Report of Façade Experts dated 22 February 2016 at p 45 (S/N
9.3).

He explained that conventional stitching repairs involve the use of rods akin
to staples, ie, with perpendicular return ends that mechanically anchor or pin
the stitch, and which have indented or threaded surfaces, which increase their
mechanical attachment to epoxy. 597

##### Foot Note 597

×

Vol 31 BAEIC, AEIC of Peter Hartog dated 26 February 2014 at PH-1, paras
5.71–5.74 (pp 84–91).

By contrast, the Stitching Procedure was carried out with straight and smooth
rods, which relied disproportionately on the chemical bond between the epoxy
and the steel. Mr Lalas, Mr Mann and Mr Keithly all agreed with Mr Hartog that
good practice was to use a helical, twisted, indented or even a threaded rod,
rather than a smooth-sided rod. 598

##### Foot Note 598

×

Transcript, 10 March 2016, pp 154–155.

This would provide, in addition to the chemical bond, a “mechanical
interlock”. Mr Hartog further explained that, with a smooth rod, where the
epoxy began to fail in adhesion, as Mr Hartog found, 599

##### Foot Note 599

×

Transcript, 10 March 2016, p 162.

the stitch would loosen. The crack would thus begin to open up. I accept Mr
Hartog’s explanation of why the Stitching Procedure was not an appropriate
rectification method for any form of cracking within panels.

321 I also find that there were numerous cases of cracks that were only
stitched and not rectified through other means during the Rectification Works.
One example was the crack on panel 24-26-38-R; restraining pins were only
added to this panel by Cementone after the 2nd Fall (see [238(b)] above). 600

##### Foot Note 600

×

21AB 16551, Vol 22 BAEIC, AEIC of Henry Lee dated 19 February 2014 at HL-2 (p
208) and Transcript, 10 March 2016, pp 167–168; 17AB 13057, Vol 22 BAEIC, AEIC
of Henry Lee dated 19 February 2014 at HL-2 (p 110) and Transcript, 10 March
2016, pp 179–180.

(15) DT12: Stitching across panels

322 DT12 does not refer to the Stitching Procedure. Rather, it refers to the
installation of pins or plates across the joint between two panels. 601

##### Foot Note 601

×

Vol 9 BAEIC, AEIC of Yang Li dated 15 January 2014 at LY-02, para 261 (p 106);
Vol 16 BAEIC, AEIC of Firouzeh Maniquis and Peter Lalas dated 15 January 2014
at FP-1, para 391 (p 81).

During the trial, Mr Yang admitted that DT12 refers to two different remedial
measures: the twisted rod and the dead load plate rectification methods. 602

##### Foot Note 602

×

Transcript, 10 March 2016, pp 216–217.

Twisted rods and dead load plates were different from dead load rods (DT9b):

(a) A twisted rod was a rod that was installed at one end into the RC wall and
had, at the other end, a hole through which a pin was inserted to connect two
adjacent panels. This was used to rectify panels with cracks around the pins
and/or shaky panels, ie, as a wind load restraint. 603

##### Foot Note 603

×

75AB 59744, 59867–59875 (Appendix 8).

(b) A dead load plate was a metal plate that was inserted into slots cut into
two adjacent panels to transfer the dead load of one panel to the brackets of
another panel. This was used to address stacking, by transferring the dead
load of panels that were stacking on panels below to the brackets of
horizontally adjacent panels. 604

##### Foot Note 604

×

75AB 59744, 59856–59861 (Appendix 6).

Both of these rectification methods were set out in Meinhardt’s 2008 Report,
and were approved by Arup in the 8 May 2008 letter (see [111] above). I
therefore find that instances of DT12 did not amount to a defect.

323 Millenia contends, however, that DT12 gave rise to a safety risk because
it caused (dead) loads acting on panels to be transferred to adjacent panels.
605

##### Foot Note 605

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 378.

(a) I find that the twisted rod rectification method did not give rise to this
safety risk. The evidence of Mr Keithly, which I accept, was that twisted rods
had no capacity to transfer dead load. 606

##### Foot Note 606

×

Transcript, 10 March 2016, p 200.

I thus find that this remedial measure, which Mr Yang claimed accounted for
about 90% of the cases of DT12, 607

##### Foot Note 607

×

Transcript, 10 March 2016, p 207.

did not give rise to a safety risk.

(b) In relation to the dead load plate rectification method, the very point of
this remedial method was to transfer dead load between panels (see [322(b)]
above). Importantly, the dead load plate rectification method was approved by
Arup. I am therefore unable to find that the use of this remedial method in
itself gave rise to a safety risk. I accept that a safety risk may have arisen
if this remedial method was implemented in an inappropriate way. But there was
no evidence of this.

324 I will now address three alleged design defects, which do not feature in
the 100% Spreadsheets, but which Millenia has raised in closing submissions.

(16) The alleged design defects

325 First, Millenia claims that the design of the bracket system was defective
because it provided for the bracket to be secured by a frictional grip, ie,
torque was applied to the anchor bolt or nut to secure the bracket to the RC
wall. 608

##### Foot Note 608

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 196–201.

I do not accept this submission for two reasons.

(a) First, Mr Yang’s view was that this design was defective because it was
very dependent on on-site installation workmanship. 609

##### Foot Note 609

×

Joint Expert Report of Façade Experts dated 22 February 2016 at p 7 (S/N 1.6).

However, I do not accept that the design was defective for this reason. As Mr
Lalas, Mr Keithly and Mr Hartog explained, every design depends on workmanship
to be properly implemented. 610

##### Foot Note 610

×

Transcript, 23 September 2015, pp 43–44.

In particular, in relation to bolted connections, Mr Lalas noted that every
bolted joint depends on proper workmanship. A designer would rely on proper
training of workmen and quality control to implement the design.

(b) Secondly, the defendants’ façade experts agreed that bracketing systems
that involved torqueing of bolts and nuts were very common in 1995 to 1997,
when the Building was designed. 611

##### Foot Note 611

×

Transcript, 23 September 2015, pp 48–50.

326 Secondly, Millenia claims that the design of the bracket system was
defective because it only provided for the brackets to be attached to the RC
wall by one fixing, rather than two fixings, which would have ensured the
brackets were attached perpendicular to the RC wall. 612

##### Foot Note 612

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 202.

Millenia makes this submission in connection with its arguments on DT5.
Essentially, Millenia claims that the design was defective because it failed
to prevent cases of DT5 from arising. I do not agree. The basis of this
submission that the design was defective is that where brackets were not
attached perpendicular to the RC wall, a safety risk would arise. That is why,
on Millenia’s case, the design was defective. But I have found at [288] above
that DT5 did not give rise to any such risk. I therefore do not accept that
the design was defective because it allegedly gave rise to the risk that
brackets would not be attached perpendicular to the RC wall.

327 Thirdly, Millenia claims that the design was defective because it failed
to provide for impact on the Façade from the BMU and the use of the
installation gondola (which was used to install the panels and the windows on
the Building). 613

##### Foot Note 613

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 213.

I do not accept this submission for the following reasons:

(a) First, the project specifications did not provide for the Façade to be
resistant to impact from the BMU or the installation gondola. 614

##### Foot Note 614

×

Joint Expert Report of Façade Experts dated 22 February 2016 at pp 1–2 (S/N
1.1 and 1.2).

(b) Secondly, Mr Yang accepted that the BMU was designed to be used with
restraining lanyards and that the BMU would not have caused any damage to the
Façade if those lanyards had been used properly. 615

##### Foot Note 615

×

Transcript, 22 September 2015, p 40.

I also accept Mr Lalas’ evidence that the installation gondola would not have
caused damage to the Façade if it had been used properly. 616

##### Foot Note 616

×

Joint Expert Report of Façade Experts dated 22 February 2016 at pp 2–3 (S/N
1.2).

328 In sum, I find that Millenia has not established that the three alleged
design defects were defects. However, the fact that the design did not provide
for certain half pins to be welded was a design defect (see [311] above).

Conclusion

329 For all the above reasons, I find that the Cladding contained serious and
substantial defects which rendered it structurally unsafe, before the Façade
was reclad. I now turn to the Causation Issue.

The Causation Issue

330 The Causation Issue comprises two sub-issues (see [196(b)] above):

(a) First, what caused the 2nd Fall?

(b) Secondly, what caused the defects in the Cladding?

I will first address what caused the defects in the Cladding.

The cause of the defects

331 The cause of some defects is patently clear, because the cause is clear
from the very nature of the defect. Having considered the evidence, I make the
following findings:

(a) I find that poor to bad workmanship in the installation of the Cladding
caused many of the defects I have discussed above. These include DT1
(oversized pin holes), DT3 (insufficiently or excessively embedded anchor
bolts), DT5 (brackets not attached perpendicular to the RC wall), DT6 (short
shafts) and DT8 (the mounting of nuts or washers onto shafts).

(b) I find that the use of defective materials (non-AISI Type 316 stainless
steel) caused DT4 and DT7 (rusty components).

(c) I find that deviation from the agreed rectification method caused
instances of DT9a (improper insertion of silicone setting blocks).

332 In relation to DT10 (narrow or no movement joints between panels), I find
that the primary cause of many instances of this defect was improper
installation. Mr Hartog’s evidence, which I accept, was that vibrations could
only have narrowed movement joints by, at most, 1 or 2mm. 617

##### Foot Note 617

×

Transcript, 29 June 2016, p 53.

Dragages did not suggest any other external factor which could have caused the
narrowing of movement joints between panels. The natural conclusion is that
the primary cause of the numerous instances of DT10 (see [253(a)] above) was
that the panels were not installed with the required movement joints, and I so
find.

Dragages’ hypotheses on the cause of cracks and chips on panels

333 However, Dragages submits that certain defects – in particular, DT13
(cracks on panels) and DT14a (cracks/chips at pin areas) – arose because of
external factors. 618

##### Foot Note 618

×

Dragages’ reply submissions at paras 798 and 800.

(DT13 and DT14a were the only defects Dragages accepted undermined the safety
and structural integrity of the Façade: see [232] above.) The principal theory
that Dragages advances is that vibrations from the Circle Line Works and the
Downtown Line Works (collectively, “the MRT Works”) caused these defects (“the
Vibrations Thesis”). Dragages also submits that improper use of the BMU (“the
BMU Thesis”) and Millenia’s alleged failure to properly maintain the Building
(“the Lack of Maintenance Thesis”) caused some of the defects. I now examine
each of these hypotheses in turn.

(1) The Vibrations Thesis

334 Dragages claims that vibrations generated by the MRT Works caused cracks
and chips on the panels. Dragages emphasises that these works were carried out
in the vicinity of the Building for many years. The simplest explanation for
the defects is that they were caused by these works. 619

##### Foot Note 619

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at para 825.

335 Having carefully considered the evidence, I find that vibrations were not
the primary cause of cracks and chips on panels. I find that vibrations were
at most a minor contributory cause (if at all) of such cracks and chips. I
have arrived at this conclusion for the following reasons.

336 First, I find that if vibrations were the primary cause of defects such as
cracks and chips on panels, similar defects would have been found on Millenia
Tower, an office building located near the Building, for two reasons:

(a) First, Millenia Tower was also constructed by Dragages, using the same
type of granite and the same fixings. 620

##### Foot Note 620

×

Transcript, 23 April 2014, p 71; Transcript, 14 July 2015, p 54; Transcript,
16 September 2015, p 8.

Millenia Tower was completed while the Building was being constructed: the
parties had in fact intended this with a view to achieving cost savings, by
reducing the costs of mobilisation and demobilisation respectively. 621

##### Foot Note 621

×

Transcript, 16 September 2015, pp 7–8; Vol 12 BAEIC, AEIC of Audrey Perez
dated 4 March 2014 at para 48(c).

(b) Secondly, Millenia Tower is also located near Promenade Station. Millenia
Tower was thus also in close proximity to the MRT Works. The following diagram
(from the report of Dr Andrew Robert Pickles (“Dr Pickles”), Dragages’
geotechnical engineering expert) shows the location of Millenia Tower and the
Building in relation to Promenade Station: 622

##### Foot Note 622

×

Vol 17 BAEIC, AEIC of Andrew Robert Pickles dated 15 January 2014 at ADP-1 (p
56).

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

337 However, the defects found on the Building were not found, not even to
some extent, on Millenia Tower. 623

##### Foot Note 623

×

Transcript, 14 July 2015, p 54; Transcript, 23 April 2014, pp 71–72.

Given that the same granite and fixings were used on both buildings, this
indicates that vibrations from the MRT Works were not the primary or main
cause of the defects in the Building. As I have noted (see [57(b)] above),
this very point was made by Mr Chin of Arup, who added that upon inspecting
Millenia Tower, Arup came to the view that the quality of the works at
Millenia Tower was “far better”. Although Mr Chin was called as a witness of
fact, the absence of damage on Millenia Tower was also raised in the witness
conferencing of the façade experts. Apart from the point raised by Mr Keithly
which I discuss at [338] below, the façade experts did not dispute that the
lack of damage on Millenia Tower was relevant to the cause of the defects. On
the contrary, Mr Hartog expressly said that “the condition of other buildings
in the vicinity” was relevant. 624

##### Foot Note 624

×

Transcript, 29 June 2016, p 43.

338 I note, however, that Dragages submits that certain key works occurred
much closer to the Building than to Millenia Tower. In relation to the Circle
Line Works, Dragages emphasises that the piling works at one of the Circle
Line entrances to Promenade Station, Entrance 5/5A, were conducted about 1m
away from the basement wall of the Building. 625

##### Foot Note 625

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at para 838; Dragages’ reply submissions at para
361.

As for the Downtown Line Works, Dragages claims that the breaking of a
diaphragm wall during these works occurred closer to the Building than to
Millenia Tower. 626

##### Foot Note 626

×

Dragages’ reply submissions at para 361.

In support of these submissions, Dragages relies on the evidence of its
vibrations expert, Mr Ho Wai Lun Wilson (“Mr Wilson Ho”), that proximity to
the source of vibrations affects the impact of vibrations. Dragages also
relies on a statement by Mr Keithly during the expert conferencing of the
façade experts that “an inverse square law” would apply in this regard. Mr
Keithly opined that if Millenia Tower was twice the distance away from the
source of vibrations as the Building, then “it may have a quarter of the
effect due to vibrations”. 627

##### Foot Note 627

×

Transcript, 29 June 2016, p 54.

339 There are several difficulties with these submissions:

(a) First, these submissions do not assist Dragages in relation to the cause
of the Defects. It is not Dragages’ case that the specific works it refers to
caused cracks and chips on panels generally. Rather, Dragages submits that
these works caused the 1st Fall and the 2nd Fall. 628

##### Foot Note 628

×

Dragages’ reply submissions at para 368; Dragages’ closing submissions at para
836.

Dragages’ position is that it was vibrations generated from the MRT Works in
general that caused certain defects on the Cladding. But as I have explained,
this submission is undercut by the fact that no damage was observed on
Millenia Tower, a building which was also located near the MRT Works and had
the same granite and fixings.

(b) Secondly, there is no objective evidence that these construction
activities caused vibrations exceeding the threshold beyond which damage would
have been caused to the Building. I expand on this below.

(c) Thirdly, while some works may have been performed closer to the Building,
it is evident from the diagram above (from Dr Pickles’ report), and I find,
that other MRT Works would have taken place close to Millenia Tower. Yet no
defects were found on Millenia Tower.

(d) Fourthly, while I accept that proximity to the source of vibrations would
affect the impact of vibrations, I do not accept the inverse square law that
Mr Keithly posited. None of the vibration experts referred to such a rule, and
none of the other façade experts agreed with Mr Keithly, who did not refer to
this rule in his expert report. Nor was Mr Keithly’s opinion supported by any
literature or calculations or consideration of the kind of soil carrying the
vibrations. In fairness, Mr Keithly qualified his opinion by stating that he
was not a vibrations expert. 629

##### Foot Note 629

×

Transcript, 29 June 2016, p 54.

340 For completeness, I note that Dragages submits that Millenia Tower and the
Building may have been built on different kinds of soil, and such differences
in soil composition may have affected the transmission of vibrations,
therefore explaining why no defects were found on Millenia Tower. 630

##### Foot Note 630

×

Dragages’ reply submissions at para 365.

I do not accept this submission for two reasons. First, this point was not
raised during the trial as a possible reason why no defects were observed on
Millenia Tower although defects were found on the Building. Secondly, there
was scant evidence that the two buildings were built on soil of varying
compositions.

341 I now come to the second main reason why I do not accept the Vibrations
Thesis. The objective evidence, in the form of data from vibration meters,
indicates that the Building was not subject to vibrations exceeding the
threshold beyond which damage would have been caused to the Building.

342 I first identify the applicable vibration threshold. It was undisputed
that this was to be found in the German standard, DIN 4150: Part 3 (1999)
(“the DIN Standard”), 631

##### Foot Note 631

×

Joint Expert Report on Vibrations at p 4 (S/N 2.7).

which appears to have been adopted by the BCA and the LTA. 632

##### Foot Note 632

×

Vol 11 BAEIC, AEIC of Er Dr Tan Teng Hooi dated 15 January 2014 at paras
48–49.

The DIN Standard set out vibration thresholds based on the type of vibration
and the nature of the building. Notably, the DIN Standard stated that
exceeding the thresholds did not necessarily lead to damage; investigations
were only necessary if the thresholds were significantly exceeded. 633

##### Foot Note 633

×

Vol 11 BAEIC, AEIC of Er Dr Tan Teng Hooi dated 15 January 2014 at TTH-1 (p
124).

I note in this regard that the DIN Standard is more stringent, that is, it
stipulates lower vibration thresholds, than certain British standards that
Millenia’s vibration expert, Assoc Prof Er Dr Tan Teng Hooi (“Assoc Prof
Tan”), referred to. 634

##### Foot Note 634

×

Vol 11 BAEIC, AEIC of Er Dr Tan Teng Hooi dated 15 January 2014 at para 48.

343 The vibration, structural dynamics and geotechnical engineering experts
called by Millenia and Dragages (the other parties did not call such experts)
did not agree on the applicable vibration threshold. They disagreed on two
points.

344 First, the experts did not agree on whether the threshold for short-term
vibration or long-term vibration should apply. The DIN Standard defined short-
term vibration as vibration “which does not occur often enough to cause
structural fatigue and which does not produce resonance in the structure being
evaluated”. 635

##### Foot Note 635

×

Vol 11 BAEIC, AEIC of Er Dr Tan Teng Hooi dated 15 January 2014 at TTH-1 (p
123).

Millenia’s experts claimed that there was no evidence that structural fatigue
or resonance had occurred in relation to the Building, and thus the thresholds
for short-term vibrations were appropriate. Dragages’ experts emphasised,
however, that the works near the Building had taken place over a few years.
The standard for long-term vibrations was thus appropriate because it was
“practically impossible to control that resonance didn’t occur on [the
Building]”. 636

##### Foot Note 636

×

Joint Expert Report on Vibrations at p 10 (S/N 3.3).

I accept the evidence of Dragages’ experts here. I find that the appropriate
threshold is found in Table 3 of the DIN Standard (“Table 3”), which set out
thresholds for long-term vibrations.

345 Secondly, Table 3 contains three “Lines” setting out vibration thresholds
for three types of structure: (1) “Buildings used for commercial purposes,
industrial buildings, and buildings of similar design”, (2) “Dwellings and
buildings of similar design and/or occupancy”, and (3) “Structures that,
because of their particular sensitivity to vibration, cannot be classified
under lines 1 and 2 and are of great intrinsic value (e.g. listed buildings
under preservation order)”. 637

##### Foot Note 637

×

Vol 11 BAEIC, AEIC of Er Dr Tan Teng Hooi dated 15 January 2014 at TTH-1 (p
127).

The threshold for buildings falling under Line 1 is a peak particle velocity
(“PPV”) of 10 mm/s. The threshold for buildings falling under Line 3 is a PPV
of 2.5 mm/s. (PPV is the measurement that is used to determine whether
vibrations will cause damage to a building. 638

##### Foot Note 638

×

Vol 11 BAEIC, AEIC of Er Dr Tan Teng Hooi dated 15 January 2014 at para 29.

)

346 Millenia’s experts contended that Line 1 applies to the Building because
it is “a reinforced concrete high-rise commercial building”. 639

##### Foot Note 639

×

Joint Expert Report on Vibrations at p 6 (S/N 2.15).

However, Dragages’ experts distinguished between the reinforced concrete
structure of the Building, which they claimed fell under Line 1, and the
Cladding, which they claimed fell under Line 3, on the basis that the Cladding
was of “particular sensitivity to vibrations”, within the terms of Line 3,
because the granite panels composing the Cladding contain inherent micro-
cracks. 640

##### Foot Note 640

×

Joint Expert Report on Vibrations at pp 6–7 (S/N 2.15, 2.17 and 2.18).

I prefer the evidence of Millenia’s experts here. As Assoc Prof Tan observed,
Table 3 does not distinguish between a building and its components. 641

##### Foot Note 641

×

Transcript, 15 September 2015, p 72.

I agree with Assoc Prof Tan that Line 3 of Table 3 applies to old buildings or
buildings of historic value, including listed buildings under preservation
orders, not commercial buildings such as the Building. 642

##### Foot Note 642

×

Transcript, 15 September 2015, p 93.

I therefore find that the Building falls under Line 1 of Table 3 and the
appropriate vibration threshold is thus a PPV of 10 mm/s.

347 Having identified the applicable vibration threshold, I now turn to the
evidence regarding the vibrations to which the Building was subject. There
were (1) records of vibrations detected on the Building and (2) records of
vibrations detected in Promenade Station. I now set out this evidence:

(a) The Building: Vibration monitoring sensors were installed in the Building
during the Circle Line Works and the Downtown Line Works.

(i) During the Circle Line Works, sensors were installed on the ground floor,
third floor and ninth floor of the Building. The data is limited. The Circle
Line works took place over five years, and a total of 25 days of data was
collected (15 days of data from the ninth floor, six days of data from the
third floor and four days of data from the ground floor), 643

##### Foot Note 643

×

Joint Expert Report on Vibrations at p 2 (S/N 1.4); Transcript, 15 September
2015, p 55.

between 27 July 2004 and 16 August 2004. 644

##### Foot Note 644

×

69AB 54689–54698.

Notably, however, according to a letter from the LTA, works were being
conducted near the Building when this data was collected: namely,
“installation of bored pile casing, casting for bore pile and extraction of
bore pile casing at the hoarded area between [the Building] and the realigned
Temasek Avenue”. These works took place from 27 July to 10 August 2004. 645

##### Foot Note 645

×

69AB 54688.

The data, however, showed only one reading exceeding the threshold of 10mm/s,
a vibration of 16.8 mm/s recorded on the ninth storey on 4 August 2004. There
was some dispute over whether this reading could be trusted, because it
occurred seconds before a reading that was expressly noted to be invalid for
being caused by the touching of the instrument. 646

##### Foot Note 646

×

Transcript, 15 September 2015, pp 166–167 and p 172.

But even if the reading were accurate, I accept Assoc Prof Tan’s evidence that
the vibration, being of a PPV of less than 20 mm/s, would not have given rise
to damage, let alone structural damage: vibrations exceeding the thresholds in
the DIN Standard do not necessarily lead to damage (see [342] above). 647

##### Foot Note 647

×

Transcript, 15 September 2015, p 168.

In sum, while I acknowledge that the data from the time of the Circle Line
Works is limited, the 25 days of data do not indicate that the Building
experienced vibrations that would have caused damage to the Cladding. This is
despite the fact that this data was collected when works were being carried
out near the Building.

(ii) During the Downtown Line Works, one vibration meter was installed in the
basement of Centennial Tower from August 2009 to 12 June 2010. 648

##### Foot Note 648

×

Vol 11 BAEIC, AEIC of Er Dr Tan Teng Hooi dated 15 January 2014 at TTH-1, para
56; 86AB 68047–68056.

It was calibrated to capture vibrations exceeding a PPV of 1 mm/s, and only
recorded one reading exceeding this threshold, measured at 1.03 mm/s on 10
August 2009. 649

##### Foot Note 649

×

Joint Expert Report on Vibrations at para 1.4 (p 1); Vol 17 BAEIC, AEIC of Ho
Wai Lun, Wilson dated 15 January 2014 at WH-1 (p 16).

It should be noted that this reading was even lower than the threshold of
2.5mm/s for buildings falling under Line 3 of Table 3, which Dragages claims
is the appropriate threshold. Thus, the data from the time of the Downtime
Line Works also does not indicate that the Building was subject to vibrations
that would have caused damage to the Cladding.

(b) Promenade Station: During the Downtown Line Works, four vibration meters
were installed in Promenade Station. The four meters were all within 50 to 100
metres from the Building. They were calibrated to record vibrations exceeding
a PPV of 1.5 mm/s. Importantly, none of the meters registered any reading
between June 2010 and 28 February 2011. This indicates that during this
period, the vibrations at Promenade Station, which were much closer to the
site of the Downtown Line Works than the Building, were far lower than the
applicable threshold of 10 mm/s (see [346] above). 650

##### Foot Note 650

×

Vol 11 BAEIC, AEIC of Er Dr Tan Teng Hooi dated 15 January 2014 at TTH-1, para
57.

Dragages’ experts challenged this evidence. Mr Wilson Ho, Dragages’ vibrations
expert, claimed that he did not understand why the meters did not register any
reading, given their proximity to the Downtown Line Works. He suspected that
the meters did not work or the data had been lost. 651

##### Foot Note 651

×

Transcript, 18 September 2015, p 126.

Dr Pickles went further, opining that the records were modified. 652

##### Foot Note 652

×

Transcript, 18 September 2015, p 137.

However, these claims are speculative. It is undisputed that the data was
recorded by an independent third party, Tritech Engineering & Testing
Singapore Pte Ltd (“Tritech”). 653

##### Foot Note 653

×

Transcript, 18 September 2015, p 138.

Tritech had sent its results to the LTA, who sent the results to the parties
upon being requested to do so. In my view, it was incumbent on Dragages to
call the relevant witnesses if it intended to challenge the data. Dragages did
not call any witness from the LTA or Tritech. In the premises, I do not accept
Dragages’ challenges to the objective evidence. I find on the basis of the
data that the vibrations in Promenade Station between June 2010 and 28
February 2011 did not exceed a PPV of 1.5 mm/s. The vibrations were thus not
only lower than the threshold of 10 mm/s which I have found to be applicable,
but also lower than the threshold of 2.5mm/s which Dragages claimed was
applicable.

348 The data from the vibration meters thus indicates that the Building was
not subject to vibrations, due to the MRT Works, exceeding the threshold
beyond which damage would have been caused to the Building, and I so find.

349 I now turn to address the evidence of Mr Wilson Ho that the Building was
subject to vibrations that exceeded the applicable vibration threshold. The
lynchpin of Mr Wilson Ho’s evidence was a Finite Element Analysis (“FEA”)
model which he prepared to simulate vibrations that would have been generated
by various works. Mr Wilson Ho produced this “to quantify the vibration impact
on [the Building] arising from the construction activities in the vicinity”.
654

##### Foot Note 654

×

Vol 17 BAEIC, AEIC of Ho Wai Lun, Wilson dated 15 January 2014 at WH-1 (p 18).

However, I do not accept that the FEA model accurately quantifies the impact
the vibrations from the MRT Works had on the Building, for three reasons.

(a) First, Mr Wilson Ho admitted that before preparing the FEA Model, he was
“certain that the vibrations from the [Circle Line Works and the Downtown Line
Works] would have [affected] the panels’ structural integrity”. 655

##### Foot Note 655

×

Transcript, 16 September 2015, p 108.

He then prepared the FEA Model “on the basis of that certainty that [he]
felt”. This admission severely undermined the value of the FEA Model, because
it indicated that the exercise had been conducted to establish a conclusion
that was assumed from the outset.

(b) Secondly, Mr Wilson Ho admitted that, in preparing the FEA Model, he had
just assumed that certain construction activities had occurred, before
proceeding to simulate the vibrations the Building may have sustained due to
those activities. 656

##### Foot Note 656

×

Transcript, 16 September 2015, pp 106–107.

However, it transpired during the trial that there was little basis for these
assumptions:

(i) First, the FEA Model simulated the vibrations that the Building would have
been experienced due to the tunnel boring machine (“the TBM”) hitting the
diaphragm wall on or before 10 February 2011, the date of the 2nd Fall. 657

##### Foot Note 657

×

Vol 17 BAEIC, AEIC of Ho Wai Lun, Wilson dated 15 January 2014 at WH-1 (p 78).

Yet Mr Wilson Ho conceded that he had no idea whether the TBM had in fact hit
the diaphragm wall around 10 February 2011 at all. 658

##### Foot Note 658

×

Transcript, 17 September 2015, p 33.

The objective evidence, in the form of the tunnel boring records of the LTA,
indicated that the TBM only reached the diaphragm wall on 14 February 2011,
four days after the 2nd Fall occurred. 659

##### Foot Note 659

×

Transcript, 17 September 2015, pp 24–32.

In this light, the simulation of the vibrations that would have resulted if
the TBM had hit the diaphragm wall was simply not relevant. After the location
of the TBM on 10 February 2011 emerged during the trial, Dr Pickles said that
the TBM may have had to cut through bored piles that were part of the Circle
Line Works and that this may have caused vibrations. 660

##### Foot Note 660

×

Transcript, 17 September 2015, p 38.

However, Dr Peter Mitchell (“Dr Mitchell”), Millenia’s geotechnical
engineering expert, disagreed. He observed that the cutter of the TBM had gone
past the last of the bored piles by 10 February 2011; and in any case, the
bored piles were separately cut (with compensation piles erected) because the
engineers knew that the TBM would be going through the piles. 661

##### Foot Note 661

×

Transcript, 17 September 2015, pp 48–52.

I accept Dr Mitchell’s evidence, which was supported by a paper in Dr Pickles’
report. 662

##### Foot Note 662

×

Vol 17 BAEIC, AEIC of Andrew Robert Pickles dated 15 January 2014 at ADP-1 (pp
233–243).

For all these reasons, there is no evidence that the TBM generated any
vibrations on around 10 February 2011 that caused the 2nd Fall.

(ii) Secondly, the FEA Model also simulated vibrations that would have been
generated due to sheet and bored piling works on or before 10 February 2011.
663

##### Foot Note 663

×

Vol 17 BAEIC, AEIC of Ho Wai Lun, Wilson dated 15 January 2014 at WH-1 (p 78).

However, Dr Pickles agreed with Dr Mitchell that there was no evidence of
bored piling work being carried out at the time of the 2nd Fall. The
simulation of the vibrations that would have resulted due to bored piling
works was therefore not relevant.

(c) Thirdly, the results of the FEA model did not make sense. I accept the
evidence of Prof James Mark William Brownjohn (“Prof Brownjohn”), Millenia’s
expert on structural dynamics, who noted that if the results were correct, the
drop hammer impact and TBM impact would have generated vibrations at the
Building equivalent to those produced by a powerful earthquake. 664

##### Foot Note 664

×

Vol 11 BAEIC, AEIC of James Mark William Brownjohn dated 18 March 2014 at
JMWB-1, paras 134 and 144; Transcript, 17 September 2015, pp 11–12.

350 In sum, there is no objective evidence that the Building was subject to
vibrations that caused damage to the Cladding. Further, in my view, little
weight should be accorded to the subjective evidence that Dragages relied on.
Dragages cited reports made by tenants of the Building regarding vibrations
that they felt in the Building. 665

##### Foot Note 665

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at paras 882–891.

However, I do not consider that these reports are relevant. As I pointed out
during the trial, human perception is inherently subjective and thus not a
reliable metric for assessing the vibrations that occurred. 666

##### Foot Note 666

×

Transcript, 16 September 2015, p 158.

In this regard, I accept the evidence of Assoc Prof Tan that the threshold of
human perception of vibration is in the range of a PPV of 0.15 mm/s to 0.3
mm/s, 667

##### Foot Note 667

×

Vol 11 BAEIC, AEIC of Er Dr Tan Teng Hooi dated 15 January 2014 at TTH-1, para
52.

which is far less than the 10 mm/s threshold which applies to the Building
(see [346] above). The mere fact that tenants complained of vibrations does
not mean that the Building was subject to any vibrations that could have
caused it damage.

351 I now come to the third reason why I do not accept that vibrations were
the primary cause of DT13 or DT14a. It was unclear why or how vibrations would
cause cracks or chips on panels for the following reasons.

352 In relation to DT13, Dragages claims that granite is especially sensitive
to vibrations because the stone contains inherent micro-cracks. 668

##### Foot Note 668

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at para 827.

Dragages contends that the MRT works would have repeatedly transmitted
vibrations to the Building and thus caused “cyclic loading”. This would have
resulted in the growth or propagation of the micro-cracks that are inherent in
granite. 669

##### Foot Note 669

×

Dragages’ reply submissions at paras 325–329 and 1047–1050.

Apart from citing the evidence of Dr Pickles to this effect, 670

##### Foot Note 670

×

Transcript, 18 September 2015, pp 10–12.

its geotechnical expert, Dragages relies on the evidence of Mr Mann who agreed
that cyclic loading could have caused the growth of inherent cracks in the
granite. 671

##### Foot Note 671

×

Transcript, 29 June 2016, pp 55–57.

353 However, Mr Hartog did not accept the hypothesis that cyclic loading due
to vibrations could have led to the growth of cracks in the panels. He stated
that he was not aware of technical papers or articles where, leaving
speculation aside, it was demonstrated that cyclic loading through long-term
vibrations would cause micro-cracks in granite to grow. 672

##### Foot Note 672

×

Transcript, 23 September 2015, pp 80–81.

Importantly, Mr Lalas, Dragages’ own expert, conceded that he could “find no
references regarding how building vibrations affect traditional fix granite
cladding”. 673

##### Foot Note 673

×

Vol 16 BAEIC, AEIC of Firouzeh Maniquis and Peter Lalas dated 15 January 2014
at FP-1, para 485 (p 97).

Furthermore, Mr Mann’s evidence on this point was in fact rather qualified: he
opined that there was “a possibility that if … cracks do undergo some form of
[cyclic] loading … it is possible those cracks could grow”. 674

##### Foot Note 674

×

Transcript, 29 June 2016, pp 56–57.

Prof Brownjohn also rejected the theory that fatigue by cyclic loading would
have led to damage to the Façade. 675

##### Foot Note 675

×

Transcript, 15 September 2015, p 168.

I prefer the evidence of Mr Hartog and Prof Brownjohn. I therefore do not
accept Dragages’ theory regarding how and why vibrations caused (the growth
of) cracks in the panels.

354 In relation to DT14a (cracks or chips near pin areas), Mr Hartog’s
evidence, which I accept, was that vibrations could not have been the
(primary) cause of this defect. He opined that DT14a “almost certainly [had]
something to do with load concentrations around the pins”, noting that this
would arise from, among other things, stacking (see [233] above). 676

##### Foot Note 676

×

Transcript, 29 June 2016, pp 49–51.

(To be clear, Mr Hartog also appeared to accept, and I have found, that shaky
panels would give rise to a risk of cracks or chips forming near pin holes:
see [301] above.) Vibrations could have caused stacking and thus DT14a only if
the joint was within 1 or 2mm of being completely closed (see [332] above).
677

##### Foot Note 677

×

Transcript, 29 June 2016, p 53.

Hence, vibrations could not have been the direct or primary cause of DT14a.

355 Finally, I address two pieces of evidence that might, on first sight, be
thought to support the Vibrations Thesis. First, Mr Lalas’ expert report
includes three tables that ostensibly show the results of three inspections of
ten panels on drop 1: Arup’s representative inspection in early 2010 prior to
the 1st 2010 Report (see [135] above), the inspection by Arup during the 100%
Inspection, and Mr Lalas’ inspection of the Façade in 2013. 678

##### Foot Note 678

×

Vol 16 BAEIC, AEIC of Firouzeh Maniquis and Peter Lalas dated 15 January 2014
at FP-1 (p 251).

According to Mr Lalas, when Arup inspected the panels in early 2010, Arup
found that the panels had no or little damage. However, many more cracks had
manifested themselves on the panels by the time of the 100% Inspection. Mr
Lalas stated that the best explanation for this discrepancy was that the
cracks had formed on the panels between 2010 and the inspection of drop 1
during the 100% Inspection. The most likely cause of this was vibrations from
the MRT Works. 679

##### Foot Note 679

×

Vol 16 BAEIC, AEIC of Firouzeh Maniquis and Peter Lalas dated 15 January 2014
at FP-1, Annex 10, para 35.

356 I do not accord much weight to the tables for the following reasons:

(a) First, even if the three tables were wholly accurate, there was an
explanation why the results of Arup’s inspection in early 2010 differed from
the results of the 100% Inspection. Mr Chin explained that when Arup inspected
the Cladding in early 2010, it did so with the purpose of ascertaining
“whether, in general, [the panels] are okay … are safe”. 680

##### Foot Note 680

×

Transcript, 15 July 2015, p 27.

But during the 100% Inspection, Arup “knew … we were going into litigation, so
our task … [was to] record down every single thing that was there, give it to
the experts” [emphasis added]. 681

##### Foot Note 681

×

Transcript, 15 July 2015, p 118–119.

In other words, the later inspection was performed with a higher degree of
scrutiny than the earlier one. It is therefore unsurprising that Arup recorded
more defects during the 100% Inspection than during the inspection in early
2010.

(b) Secondly, in any event, I was unable to accord much weight to the tables
for separate reasons. The tables were based on a very limited sample of ten
panels on a single drop, drop 1. Further, the tables were not prepared by Mr
Lalas but were provided to him by Dragages. 682

##### Foot Note 682

×

Vol 16 BAEIC, AEIC of Firouzeh Maniquis and Peter Lalas dated 15 January 2014
at FP-1, Annex 10, para 33.

357 Secondly, according to Mr Mann, he found a concentration of panels with
full-width cracks on drops closer to Promenade Station. 683

##### Foot Note 683

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
63).

He illustrated this point with the following diagram (to which I have added
lines and text indicating the drop numbers in orange): 684

##### Foot Note 684

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
75).

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQEAYABgAAD/4QAiRXhpZgAATU0AKgAAAAgAAQESAAMAAAABAAEAAAAAAAD/2wBDAAIBAQIBAQICAgICAgICAwUDAwMDAwYEBAMFBwYHBwcGBwcICQsJCAgKCAcHCg0KCgsMDAwMBwkODw0MDgsMDAz/2wBDAQICAgMDAwYDAwYMCAcIDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAz/wAARCALWAswDASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHwAAAQUBAQEBAQEAAAAAAAAAAAECAwQFBgcICQoL/8QAtRAAAgEDAwIEAwUFBAQAAAF9AQIDAAQRBRIhMUEGE1FhByJxFDKBkaEII0KxwRVS0fAkM2JyggkKFhcYGRolJicoKSo0NTY3ODk6Q0RFRkdISUpTVFVWV1hZWmNkZWZnaGlqc3R1dnd4eXqDhIWGh4iJipKTlJWWl5iZmqKjpKWmp6ipqrKztLW2t7i5usLDxMXGx8jJytLT1NXW19jZ2uHi4+Tl5ufo6erx8vP09fb3+Pn6/8QAHwEAAwEBAQEBAQEBAQAAAAAAAAECAwQFBgcICQoL/8QAtREAAgECBAQDBAcFBAQAAQJ3AAECAxEEBSExBhJBUQdhcRMiMoEIFEKRobHBCSMzUvAVYnLRChYkNOEl8RcYGRomJygpKjU2Nzg5OkNERUZHSElKU1RVVldYWVpjZGVmZ2hpanN0dXZ3eHl6goOEhYaHiImKkpOUlZaXmJmaoqOkpaanqKmqsrO0tba3uLm6wsPExcbHyMnK0tPU1dbX2Nna4uPk5ebn6Onq8vP09fb3+Pn6/9oADAMBAAIRAxEAPwD9ztR8c3lpqMsKx2+yORkBKtnAOPWm/wDCf3n/ADzt/wDvlv8AGsvWlzrF1/12f/0I1WU5Wvcp4WlyJuJjzM3P+E/vf7lt/wB8t/jSr49vM/ctv++W/wAax41yKRuTir+q0f5R8zNv/hPbz/nna/8AfLf404eO7sj/AFdsf+At/jWIseKVlzS+qUv5RczNr/hOL3vDbL+Z/rR/wnF5/dt/++G/xrHAyakUbRS+q0l9kOZmsPG10R923/74Yf8As1I3ja6H/LOD8j/jWYUO339KqzySIeUUfQ0lhqV9g5mbD/EC8Vv9Xbf98t/jQ/j+8DDCW/8A3y3+NYDnLU4tnt+VaRwlH+UOZm+3ju87R2//AHy3+NA8dXhT/V2+f91v8a5/DZpDOyHFH1Gl2C8jo4/HN0y8xw5+h/xpX8cXgHCWv/fLf41zQnJapRJsqfqdLsHMzfTx1dnrHb/98n/Gmjx/d+YwMdtgdPlb/GsRZ8mmOct0qfqtLsHMzej8fXbt/q7b/vlv8aU+Ob3/AJ52/wD3y3+NYGWU9KeHYDoaFhaX8oczN3/hNrv/AJ52/wD3yf8AGnf8Jxdf887f/vk/41z/AJ5z/FTTcSk/Ki/iav6nS/lDmZ0B8c3S/wDLO3/75P8AjQfHV23SO3/75b/GueWW4b/lmv50ouZV+9GAPrS+p0v5Q52dAPHN53jtv++W/wAaB43uj/yztv8Avk/41gm6DDimiXdT+p0v5Q5mdA/jm7H/ACzg/I/40J45uz/BB/3yf8awPP2dsmka5lJ4jX86X1Wl/KHMzoG8c3g/5Z2/4K3+NH/Cd3WOY7f/AL5P+Nc+11KOqKvuDTpZS8iKoyWGeaX1Wj2E5SN5fG963/LO2x/ut/8AFUN45ul6x2/5H/GsRrh0T5kC+4qORtycUvqtLsLmfc3ZPHl0p/1duf8AgJ/xo/4Tm8z9yD8j/jWFZNJGhyit9TTZbqQNzGPwqlhaX8pXOzof+E2uh/yzt/yP+NNPjq83f6u2/wC+W/xrEjuWC/Kv50faHUbmRR9DWbwtO+iE5Pub3/CcXX/PO3z/ALp/xpv/AAm17n7tr/3y3/xVYiv9pj3L1qNXuAfuL+JqlhqX8ouZ9zov+E2vAP8AV2//AHyf8ab/AMJ3dZ/1cH/fJ/xrD82fb/q1P400idh/q4/zprC0uwc0jak8d3obiO2x7q3+NSHxvd7fuQ/kf8awQZV+9EjfjQbmRuBGv50/qtL+UOeRtf8ACd32f9Xbf98t/jSN4+vQOI7Y/g3+NYhkmB/1afnToWcMCI129+af1Wj/AChzyNRPiHqDH/j3tfr83+NWE8dXh/5Z2/8A3y3+NcsXa0mOM/Mc4qfzJdvyov51X1Sl/KT7Ro6T/hObj/nnb/8AfJ/xpf8AhOrr/nnb/kf8a5pHmK/NGoH1qN7zZS+p0ewvbM6g+Obsfw2/5H/GkXxxdsP9Xb/98n/GuZEjyLuVQT71FLqssH8ClvQmj6pS/lD20jrG8dXnaO2/75b/ABoPjq6VctHb/wDfJ/xrk49XZ+kbF/THFWvtUk8PzRrH+NT9Tpfyj9pI6A+Pbs/djtvxVv8AGnDx3dHrHb/98n/GufS5aJfnVQPUGmrKzN8q7qf1Ol/KP2jOibx1edo7b/vlv8aX/hOrv/nnbf8AfLf41gfaZkX/AFa/nRHcyydEX8TS+p0v5Q9pI3v+E2uv7kP5H/GnL43um/gt/wDvk/41zxnmB/1a/UGljeYtwq/iaHhaX8o+eR0P/CaXX92D8j/jSP40uk6Jb/kf8awJnnjbhE/OkE8zDlB9M1P1ej2DnkbzeOrhev2cf9s2P/s1C+OLpukcJH+43+Nc/wDaJpOPJWpFuZlXHlL+dT9Wpdhc0u50I8a3LLwlvn6H/Gg+MbxBytr/AN8t/jXPmaVx/qVU+o603Mmcnd9KPq1LsPmkdCPG9wT/AKuL8j/jR/wml1/zzh/I/wCNYCXGOi5+tPNzIBzGuPY0fVaXYOeRuf8ACbXIXmOH/vk/41EfHd4D/q7X/vlv8aw5byZm4iX86XzZNnMKZ9zR9Wp/yhzSN5PHN0x/1dv/AN8n/Gnf8Jrdf884PyP+Nc4s85P+rj/Oniadf+WafnR9Vp/yhzSN7/hN7n/nnD+R/wAaB4zuiP8AV2//AHyf8awhcSf881z6Zo+0zH/lktH1al2Dnkbp8cXY/wCWdv8A98t/jUkHi+7m/gtx/wABP+Nc958h+9GoHqDSidh92j6rS7BzSNqXxxdRS7fLt/yP+NOHjK8CZMdvk9MK3T86xHMzL/q0P40kRux1C4+tH1al2D2jNz/hN7oRtmO33dR8p/xpsXje8lgVvLtssP7rf41hsGw27HTtSwuYrZB7UfVaXYrmZvr4zu2H3Lf/AL5P+NO/4TK5H8NufoD/AI1zyykD7m760B2X7iBfxo+r0+wczOjHi65P8EP5H/Gj/hLrr+7D/wB8n/GueW9uD95F/Opftk3/ADyj/Op+rU+wczNxfF1yf4YfyP8AjTx4quifuw/98n/Guc+1XGfljUfjUi3Nzj5o1/Oh4en2JU5HQf8ACV3H9yH8j/jTf+Equc/dh/75P+NYX2+cn/UrSi5nBz5afnU/V6fYrmZvf8JTcgfch/I/40DxXcH+CH8j/jWEt/Mxx5S/nUiXE3/PNPzo+r0+wczNr/hJ7kfwQj/gJ/xrV028a5so5H27mznb06kVyZvHI+YflXUeHJN+jQn/AHv/AEI1y4inGKukVFtnF6ymdXuv+uz/APoRqBYs1b1Rc6tdf9dn/wDQjUIODXr0fgRmCDYajX/XGpd+4Ux+lagDPg0qtupotxJ1akKGFvWp5iuhMibzT2XbUKncB1yTwAe1PNzGszIMrt4yx61lJ62J1aGvIQ1If3sqj1NRTSh2+8tLHFuAYP8AjmnzJFKNyMRebKy+hp3kSQfcwfqajtcKW+Ydal+7/GK05ibPqAeQffUfgacCsgzilDqE56E8e9I+QpAGP6Cj2kbBy9ZD44lY5pkxxxiqV54q0vSbiG3ub61tmmPBknQGQeqqTn9K0JFaJHWRcMpIHNQqifU2nh6kY3nGxCrYqQMNlNJ/dZGCvrTbKZZ5GH3selN2MtUTb1AqcToF+7VWXYjdcOedpNPM/lRBiAuR3qG0h6jpJEP8NR8DoPpUNzqAQqZCI19+5qW5uo4lGGWNt8ccZc8SSSEhEHuSD+VL2yQasAHHIJpjq0h+Zi1SwXSzIpBDbhu496gubtC+xd24H5uegqudbk630FZAsZ9fSnRRhV6j86rXdzb2rJI9wsaySx28TeYFEkkjBY0z6szKMe9S2iC+UTKNoxuxQq0RzpzjrMn8vAyOKVXBbBFE8kccY3Hg+hqAyO8yhFxzk59KaknsRr0LDAY6UiKG57jpTZM+WcYZ+wHeqmo6vZaCYRf3ltZvMfLjaadIxM5BIVQxGSQDjHpUymorUqNOU37kbs0JX8wAE0xos4qOZGhgViCjHkxt95B71NuDQgg5HYj1pRkieVJ7WY18Q8daFjY8rj8TSJiTcchsUpYbsBhkDOKrmSCV0PjfK4ZFB9u9CxZ7UyT9y6kMA3v3Heon8QW0Wt/Y/Pja5e3a5W1H+tEYIUyf7oJGfrUuaRpCnzK5bCKg4JU+wpMHoRn3pJt8UarIP3nSVh0Le1LANq4JNVFp6oiUWnYbK7Rr8rbaYXO31NJc/eojTIqguhqvhuGP5VIFHpTXYR0LJmgNh8qZpjR4WlEmaGkwtXqQVVBMowqt9TVuRf3XQLx2qlDE01+wzgYGKfqF7/Z9pLJMp8m1RpS+cAAAk5/AGpbK5RclOCSeM0iR+btO3GfWvCv2Of8Agol8O/25/Bmt+IPB1xqNrZ+HZhBqEV/bmGWINH5kcyhidyMvSuO/Zw/4KzeAP2sofiCvw/s/EviO8+HNpLc3trcWa202olC4X7Nkhdh8s/NnFR7SwvZn1PJBIHO1cVHFp/nyfMOa+QdU/wCCs6aB8WvA/hK98BarY6l4x+HepfEAwz3gZ7VbRZc2Z25UsWjHzA8Zr2/4Gftd6F8Sf2ZvAnxG1ua18Kx+MNPtr9re+uUQ27ywq5jGSM4znj1o9sV7M9Z+ztEuF4pot55D86Ar9aybj4jaGttazT6xpdtbaln+z5JL+Hy7pwNzBW37T8oJxnIrkfiP+0lZ6D8IdQ8VeF1j8etpc1tFLZaVew7yJZ0izu3YXG4tz12kDmp9tcXKz0SS0IHKrj3phLwsF2hc/wB3muY1L49+DfDWp22nax4i0vStUuVQjS7y9iW4jLj5QcsME+9ZP7TXx2t/2avgL4m+IV7pV3qth4U0+TU57W0kHmXEEeC+xuR90k5/2TVKoJxkeg+bn7xyPeiReMjsM/WvmXxv/wAFUPhv4I8LfBbWroXX9lfHC4ih0SQSBzBC8e4zSn+4GKoT/eYV2Gjftt+Gdc/aq8Y/CcRTwaj4A0a01rW9VuJUh061W5J8uDzT92QDBJJxzT9qhqnfc9piYv7CnJtDgkkfSvNV/ap8GeK/APifWPCnibw74pl8N2FxdTWukagl1hokZghkXPLEY6dq8J/Y+/4Ki/8ADUFr8K3utCg0A/EfwzrXiGa4lu0KaIlhPDFl8ABg3mc+mKh1Ll8lj7Fdkz8rHPuKBGWH+171leC/GWl/EPQrXVNIvbTVLK6QvHc2snmRSDOMq3QitKRgOhp3ZLVxsFvJDct5k8jZOQMcJ7CpJ5REcj86iW4YnvUoCyL8xxSDlQsbMF35qXzlZeRUVxG/k4iK/lSRo3lfN97vigZJlfQUjEPTWXbTCMnrQLUUxbOhpFbceeaDDk8sackIHQ0BqOEYFOHvzUecUpbB61eoaknA6ClMnHPSouWNO2+WKm7Fyi+coH3aTcGNN+0gHFSRzq5pFCEkdKVWMvU5p7FMVGz7DVRMyOZNgP0NSWkqvZxce1RXcmbVwPmzyT6Umluv2eIBWBxzk05bAXJUU9qgf5G6VZkTkU2SPLDisuYBscHmDJ5pfI2tUu9Yxgtg+lMaNjz2o5gEVcH39amVQRzz9ahViTU4XIqQA/KeKYXB7UpfFNLZoNBWwwppBB65FGzfTlhZKAAP7V1Hh050eH/gX/oRrmlIxXT+HjnSIvq3/oRrjxfwfMunucbq526rdf8AXZ/5mqryrnG7n0qzrGW1S6/67P8AzNVwMD+H8RzXp0fgRl1Fjp0hyKREpJDxV9ShP4PxqWEjB3elRxNkU4R78844pS2KimtUfPv/AAUs/ah8Sfsffs2N4u8Kxafcaqt7DbJHexu8exzgnCMrZ/GvgGP/AILyfGyF+dL8Ft/tG0usj/yPj9K/T39or9mzwx+1L8OH8L+Mbe4utIeZJ/KhmaJ9y9PmUg/rXgy/8ER/gDNw2g65x3/tOb/4uvzziLL87rYj/YKnKvwP3Tw74g4JwOWujxDhXUqXumkv8z45X/gvV8cGP/IP8Ej0/wBCuP8A4/St/wAF5vjgq/8AHh4J/wDAK4/+P19i/wDDkb4Ag/8AIF1r/wAGc3/xdJ/w5G+ADNj+x9ayf+onN/8AF18x/YHF2yxC+93/ACPvVx34U7fUH/4D/wAE+OYf+C9HxuPTT/BJ/wC3G4/+P0y5/wCC8fxuZuLPwVGf+vGfn85jX2Mv/BEf4Bkn/iS6x+Gpzf8AxdSW/wDwRO+AEcn/ACLusTt2DapP/SQVVPh7i9PXEfjf8LB/r14U/Zy+X/gNv1PhnxZ/wXA+POv2ohi1Lw7pUkp8pZLbS/M+9xjEjHnJHev1i/Z78azfF34F+EfEt1M0tz4g0W11VgVEbBpArYKjgbt3A9jXielf8EfPgLomoKR4GZ2ByRJrN3Ju+qltp+mK+jfA/gnSvhb4Z0/Q9Gs003QdMgFpa2KAJHBGOiDAyoHbB4r6zhvKc1wik8fV57n5h4k8UcI5jCiuHcI6HJrK/wBr7tT5F/ZG/Zj8G/to/Af/AIWh8SNEXXPEvxCe61FdRm5vPDlu0zJDb2k337YRouGERXL7jnmvRfHHxA8W/se/DD4b/DvQZovHXxA8Q3b6Fo9xq0/lRxLDBO8s85Vt0iRW8aliG3kqSTk1l6T+z/8AG74AS+JPD/wr1X4bv4L1XU7nU9LHiP7XHd+G5LkmWaGBI4mW5t/PeV0ZmjIDhM4UU6//AGJ/FXhn4M/Du58L+LYZPiR8NdYufENvqWu5ax1O5uVmS8glKh5I4H+0ybCm5gqgEcV7bjLlTgtT5mWIozq81apGUZNWi72vZWvptstCTQ/2xfiJ4JPxA8M/ELR/CreMvC/gu58ZWFzoUlzNp2rW6b1ARZCJMxyKitg8+auKzv2bv22fip41+Jnwzs/iFoXhbTdD+MWhz6xoM2kzSC7sZooI52WRJSyyrJBMGAUfJuAPIqzof7LnxF+Ilz8QvFfjzUPBcPjbxH4Jl8GaRZ6DLcSabpNsyyP5kksyCVi8zKSPLxhQK0NC/ZV8UeHPF/7PV19s0GaL4P8Ah6607UI4JTm8ll06G3JgG1gMeW/3iv3RxU/v0rrz/MqVbLI88Jxhe2tr6PluuXt71jndC/bM+NXxD0QfETwX4K8M6t8M5ruWHT9Ha5nXxDq9tHceSZ42Y+QqkK7bWTdgcEVn/HD/AIKMa1o/xr8V+EPCXiT4M+FbLwe8dpeXfjbxA1tc6pdGJZZIbWCJv+Wanaxkx8xHarngf9mr42fC7wVH8M/CnjDwPp/w7TUJ57TVx9p/t61sJLn7R9iSHaIHLEupl82MqCAI2qr8Qf2LPGnhb44eJ/EPguy+E/iLT/HEsOpXcXjiwl+16NfC1S3aW3eGFlkTZHExR1wzq2WGaOfEcqstTqjHJrydVQ292y31WrurXtfuV/Bv7d3xb/aH+JGk+HfhtoPgezh1TwBYeLVuNbnubi3s5pri4ge1Z7dh5hzEMMpH+qbk5rhfj/8AtIfFn42/CT4N65o3/CL+H9Tt/ijDomq2jvPcW1xqdneTWgbcGDeQJI2YxkE4IyTXvf7P37K/iP4afH1fEWr61oup2s3gPS/DFw9japYyXF/b3N1PLNDbxlYkjdZm2qrHHpXHat+xN45j+Df9m6bq3hP/AISfTfize/ETT2urmVdOmgfVbm6jtXcRiRZPJmAbYjfMOp61pNVuS6Wtv1QRxWTQxHLCENEkrrq07/dobfw8/aG+MPjH9qXxJ4Gls/BP9i+AV0g61c/6TFc6g93aiSSK1zJ5KlpPubwAFYVwtr/wUP8AHXh/4y+FfDOu698Fb6fxfqH9lR6BoWsvda54ZuWSVk+0oZcTxo8QSRkRMF+OBmvY/gj8DvGXhP4n/FDxV4g1PS7c/Eay0VB/ZkzS/ZJ7WxmjuAfMWIkGT5lIyQq4wK8J8K/sE/FqF/hnZzR/Bbw74f8Ah/rlvqMkGjLcxXGtLCrxmaSTyjiVgd+0FlJPLVnUqV9ku/5hgZ5VOrKWI9nGMUkrrfRvS9+vY4z4PfEv4g+FvDmtXnjLS/hr4w06/wDj8uieRc6bd3Is9Qn11Y5buIS3B2iPjyVzhCo4r3XxH+2B8XPFGpeOvEXgTw74Pm8A/DbVZ9O1P+3L6ddV1r7IoW7Nv5JWBHBLxKjKcvH1rC1T9h/4m/atY0cah4Jm8Nv8VbX4k2Eq3Vyl9sGpJe3MDp5Rj3t84X5jj1rV1n9lj4wfDq78deF/AWueB7j4dfEzULrULlteS7XUtDa93fbVt1hQRT7ndnRpZQVOBg1VL276GNSpgKs+aSpuWlk72tpd+qVzW+Iv7T/xe8UftM33w/8AhXY+A57eHwjYeJl1bxFJdIEFxPdxCNkgID5ECEbdp+U5Y5r0j9jb9oXVP2jPgkut6/YQaPrcWo32k3lnBMJooLizup7WXa2A2C9u5AYkgEZNZfgH9n7VfA/7UOveMIZtPHhnU/Buk+GrWFZJHvEubK4u5JJXRokCo0VxGoCu2GRj3rQ/ZN+DmtfAb4XatomtXFjcXN54l1zW4ns5nlhSO91S6uoslkQ7hHOAw29e5rso+0jL3jyMwxGAlQnClGN0lZ68zfVX2t5HnXxO/a++KH/Cf+Oo/h34Y8L6x4d+FUka65Jqt1Ms2tXKwm6ksrUR4Ec0cXlnL5Vi68da8a1m08R/tYf8FAfhHqUNn8O9a8E3XgseJdBstdtZbk/YXuNO82WX+H7X8z+S4BC85PNer/E/9k34tad41+JCfDrWfBdn4U+LSb9Zj1t7lbzS7lrUWsl1bCFSsjNCqjbIyAEZyeldb8OP2SJ/hJ+0f8Otc024tW8I+CPhxL4NjSSYpeSMLywkhKxBSGVY7aQE7x97pXJUp1ZVtNj1Y4rBYWP7pR5pRsrJt7at+aehsft1ftE+KP2aPht4d1rwjplv4i1LWvEmn6ILG8dx58Vw/lFN6HcHLsuDzgdjXGr+0p8a/hn4ruvD3jTwj4L8QarqXh271jw+3h7VpLOB7m2MYms5WvCeVEocygKAIyNhzkVP+Cq1nrGs/B/4f23h++/s/WLj4haDBplyYPOjjuGu41iMi5HybyuSDnHSsH4p/sX/ABg/ap8N67H8RPEPgPT76bw5f6PoMOhfa5LfzruWB5Ly4eUq6I/2cARIHG1jl+xutOtGTVNGWV0cEsHTniOVXcruzu9VbTsn6aEHwu/4KEeLrT9obwf4Q8Wa78HPFVr4vuZrSNfCOszS3uhyxWzzu9wjM6Oo8to/lC/MwNUl/b0+OVp8HPFnxQl8N/DtfA/gHW9VsNTtUuryTUtWtLC9ltria3AYxxttRh8+4BlPyipfB/7F3xaX4ufDXXda074I+E/D3w/1aXUrqw8JrMtxfPJZ3Fs0gdraM/M0qsUIAGPvtXUah+xV4om/4J+/ET4Vpq+jDxN4uv8AXJLfUJJZDZJHqWpT3O+QhA4xHOQQFPzL1NYUni5yfOrI68weSwcWlFt2vZXW7v0WtrDf2lf2+9W8B/Fc+DfC/iL4W+GtTstItdW1KTxtqzWvnLOZNkFokZUmVUhdmL5XDpgda8luf29pvEXxg0/4waFpNzfR/wDCmtXuo9Ft7sXEUksGr2sMw8xcBgkkeGdRkBWwDmvYvjj+yV4qvvjZJ418C6f8N9Y1PWtFsdK1S28X2sk1vZvbPI8NxatGjs7gzTAq6jcCgyMVjn9hLx1o/ieyvI/FGh206/Du/wDCralb2f2KWDUri9iulmSzRBH9mJRt+ZQxJ4Bpr61zO60LozyaEFKKjrvd6+en/Dm1+xp+2T42+Onj21t768+EfjTwnqNvJNLqvgrWJZJdEnTGyK4huMSyF92M7Rjy2yOa+rI4fKEZmZfNdMuw4DH1HtXxj8MP2IfG8/7SPhbx94w0v4Q+H7jwvNPNNqvguxnj1TXpZraSBjOXjSNU+cNsJk5XIYGvscXv2yXszDgkdM13YKVVv3z5riSnhI1YPC213tt+CS/AnngyMio0+SnxXG47aa52n/WKv1FelsfLuzegyWLzjQltIB8rL+IqxCuff3qNkyfmbbRzElXbhufxNOJylWGt1FsxzzuGKgd5Iv8AVsmD1yOlPmRUSAzDYc8e9U9Tg/tXQbq3DZ+0RuhyeAMGtCOEqPmKt9BTlt1mBHyrvGOnAplH4J698K/i3+zN8JfhhL8OdJ1W1/4aT+Hlt4H1kJZuv9jaisnkrdyKB8hFv5nPXKZr2j4S/sn3/wAA/ih+2h4J8P6TqS6Xpfwh0vTtKnFgwW8mXTNzvHL/AByGdjyASTmv2DXS4Ssa+XDth+aMY/1Z5GV9Op/M0j6LHdAkKnzKFcH/AJaKOin1A7CsZK5XMfir8OPhB4+bxz+zpO3hbxVIbL9mrXbC6eSwuSLO5khuvKglGzPms4Xj7xzxXM/En4R+N/D1r+y9cePtI1Ffhva/C21st+oeCbzxPZaNqsfk+YtzYB0IcxlAHK5+VvWv3VOnqH3Mih8AFv4sDoM+lQDT/JhZIbcxp/ByQEPtg1PIHOfjZ44/YybxP+zl+y74Zs4/HPjnwnffFe4udQnufDF7pZsbKeMGZBAGkaGLLbELMAOlWPG/7KGseAPEX7X3gTwZ4P8AFGneCLzU/B93oWn6fo8gtLuQ39sJmtmBGGVdzPwMYyc4r9kJbBSqsYBvwMseSfx606DTvMVtyyO/Zi5zx0/KhQDmPwq/4KmeD/Fnxq+L/wAZ9Ag+Cv2PxNpen2s3hnUNO+Htxq2oeJ0ijiPnrqifJatHIMMv8QzX68fC7wcPiF+xZoPh/XoGCaj4OgstUhnIkeN5bWNZkZeoYHfwR36V6rFp0Bl+W2UbflbI+Y596mu4Q4RW8wqnygOxbj8avkDmP56tK/YY+N3xs+CXi/wtrXg/xfp9x+y54YvrDwaL3SriN/EN2mux3ytaKUQyf6LZrEDH3l69a+pfhJ4C+KUf7E/7Ufxy1v4U3ni/4mfF/VreW38F61os2+SwtXFvEj2rEyOnzSyfKeQq+lfrkbaMXLYjj3HO5ivL565NIumwQv8AKmMjB9Men0p8ncr2h+KX7CHwi8Y6d+2d418RWHgnxJonhXXfhRqNlJNbfD+bwrpkt+UgCQx2zAvJt2uofA3YJzzXOad+wn8bvih+xn8EfDejaF4g8M614e+H/ir+2Yr60ktxdKdQsp100yBVAkuYVbYOdwDCv3PFgBKNoWPy12oV4KD0HoKkWABhgAMp3AjqD60cgcx49+wD4h07xR+yh4PbTPA2o/DO2gsRbf8ACO3dm1r/AGU8eFeNQTlhkbs/7Ver4ARyp+4cCppIisoZmG45OB6nqT71Bs2MffmgzJEk/wBF3/xelV5JWn4qxDb73wTj2qZ7aG1G5gT9DQAxwGsgpJ/A1BAhCD5m/E1aFtHNFIy7gdvAJpqxR7cMrE9sGr1ASR8R1HBcbrmP3Uk+1T+Uq/8ALNsfWmloZekL59QagB84WTHNQu5tXA3AZ9alS0U8ltvtUV1aRSTAsH496AC4mORimxTF5wDVxYY2X5T0qCa2Bk3jrQA+SUQv6+1Cz/aG5jfb7GkjtPtP3jimy6b5cnDn86AIocSXrJ0A6A0+0jLA7j/Eam+zYXPeh18tM0AV5mbzcA1NZyNcZDcAd6kFgsVyvPy4yTU6w7j0wvr60+YWpRlCLE6q24lvyqxaW/7sYIG31qW5tEMBwuTntTY22RlfWnfQgljkZurofoKdguc4yO9RWVv5anJpZJNvSsQHsysfkXHruoDorfMrt9DSW7fLTmlx2oAUMCflG0e9Ky7hTKkoKSIShBp0SlzUlSo2w0FpXGqmylzmjdvJqNJNjGgrUcU5rpvD3GkRfVv/AEI1yxudp6V0/h19+jwn/e/9CNceL+D5hT3ON1Z2Or3P/XZ//QjULFhVjV2xqVz/ANdn/wDQjVMnzuRIw9hXp0fgRl1JBNhqR8MKWOID73NK8S9qb3KGodtPzmmCPAoB2mtADzWdulIeDTo6cwzWaVhrcQzZHSml8MDjpTWYDpTQ/wA4q+VBdkVvH8zd8npUse1H6CL3FRWkoMpHvzU13B5hG2iSXYcG1eWmmuuxHfXkNpYPPcTJFFCC8k0p2qijkknsAOSfauS8BftB+A/ip4jvtM8L+MvCvibUNPbZdWmnatHcyWzYyA8aMcHkYyO9ef8A/BSf+1Zf2GfiHFpDXUV4mmNJI9uhaRbUSRfacDufI87jvXn2i+IfgPrHj7wHD8L10W98ZxaPqMXh+Pw8YfLhtUtGBguXU/Iofay7gGLIQOhrysRWamrH0WXZXRxNBYipe77bL18j6G0L40eCfFfjm98L2HinQdU8R2IaS40e0vo5r22CkhmaFSXUAgg5AwQayfEf7V/wt8I6rNZ6h8QPBtneLeNpYt59Vh3tcoqs0UabgXkAYZUcjvXwh8K5vAt78HP2adJ8KfY2+NGneNNMPiAoiDVY23SHWzef8tVWZPP+/kNhMda9D+HnwU8K+Ovht+2FrGreG9OvtW/4SjWbM3t1b7pxDHpdm8Yjc8qFLMwI7gCuGOIr8unl+R7EuHcFGreq5Wul06u199ux798Qf25/BPw8/aX8I/De41bRYrzxRp9xePczapBHJbFZLRYAiZOfMS5LAE5+Xiu00/8AaE+H1/8AFRvCH/CZ+Ef+Epg4Ojw6nG18oIzlogdwyDnp618gfDxfD2mfF/8AZJuPET6bC2rfCyWF5tQaOJru+CaJ5BRnwXnTDbUU5OD6V4R4/wDitpOv6r4NutP1D4a+Gbeb4r2i2nhu2tJLzxQrDXTHc3V1cTSh4UlCTPt8nGHABIxUfXasXZnoU+FcFiVGjFtaLfa93/kfpF4U/aB0fRtI1e+8WeKvh3ptraa3NpaT2GrobW12E7Y5pHIC3O1JCYxyNo4qxF+0J4T8f/C3xHrvg7xh4H1u48OWstxLcDV45LKKVYiyC4kQny4SDncccIfSvhfUvB9t480PTdO1S0a+tZP2n72byZk3qT5NyckHjnOSOgLV2n7W3grTfAvxW/ac0rRtMtLPTLn9n66uZLOzQJFeXKLqkYDBcYIhVQMc1008RUtc82tk+FTtKTUvLstLfifUt5+1d8N/DltbWfiTx94D03WljhM0C6zBH+9eFZP3ayMG8rYVYNj+I12fjL4m+E/AXgceIte8SaLovh3ykmGqX12kFoyOMqwkb5cMOQc84r46/Yq+BHhf4nfEr47XniLRNL1q6mtNC0tnu7KO4byn8O2JaNWIJwXJJ69+K474E+INFj+Gn7Fl58QJLD/hCYvDN2xlv2UWcep/ZEFizlv3YMcQuvvcBmA70njJxi5MxqcN4VTfJKUmvv2vofdXwz+N3gv4oXN5b+G/EmgeJpLW2W/mj0++iuvKgYlEYhCcbyJD9EHrXiWvf8FAo7j9tm4+F+g6p8NbXSfDdrFda++sax5eqLua6E32WOPI2RR2+8l8FSwzwa4/9hnUPh74g/4KMfG+X4byafNo8fh3RmuZLAg2T3ImvDI8bL8rZi2ZI43Fh2rZi8GW95+2p+0I1vptq0sfgvSLmJ9gBWaYasZPmAzh+NxqPrU5U1KJ1UclwdDFVMPWTaUFJc293b8r/gfSp+Lvhi38D6Lrz67pX9ha81vHpepPcq1tqRuMeSIpwAJmk3AJj73avANL/bm1e++IqaC2gae0Y+Lj/DwSGU5Foukm+W7/AOunmlFx028188j9obwn4h/YP/ZR8IWusWN94og8TeB7WWwt7lpLy1ks7u3WbzIh90RH5V34JXmrDQ6hY/GKQ6bDGb5v2k5/IFwrfZw48JsU37edm8LnHPHFDxlRLliicNkVOkpuqtbtJ90uvzP0E1bxjonhPxDpmlX2o6fb6hrkk8enW80wWa6kiQyOsa9WbYrEDuFNR6B8SNB1jxRq2j2Wraff6xoTRDU7G3nSWexEqs8bOgJKghT1FfMn7Suk/FjRfg7D8SPH1v4Li1D4T67Y+KLFvCsl2FmtYnkTUYpBcopw1vMygDrk88V4Dd+NPFHwh0i4+KWjR3i+IP2m4NT0bT2bIMN3LcqNCb2xal29sVVbMalN8vLcwwXDFDEUvaRnZ309b6/ctT7n8I/tB6F4z8S+JpY/Fnw+uPCemaRb6il3purLPdWIMsyzz3HO2OALEGR+h+fsK4XxZ/wUM8Ej4tfD/TdH8S+Edf8ACPiSy1u51XWdO1aK4t9KksfsnlQ+ahKI0q3BK7yMlT6V8/618MdD+EXjv4oeD7i1VvCHhjwv8PtM1C3Yl1l0mDVbyOYOvOF8kS59jya2ta1f4P8Ajv8A4KSfDWTwSPC+q/aPCGvr4huNDhgktJYv9FMQmliGx5siQHJyBt9a58RXrSinDT/h0enh+H8Iq0ZSvJJN3Xpf72dv4M/4KheH/if8L/hL4s0uPwlNF4q8RRaZrlu+qx3f/CKsLK6uGkuZVyqODax4JPSd+eBX0h8MPi14P+Muj3l34Q8UaL4ms7V1imudL1GK9itycheY+FBKttBPODivzt+EGh+E/in+xz+x34duBoOpTf8ACZ2lvrtqJUlcTLYaq5huF/hfKxnB5r6n+CfhG08F/wDBSP4safpemWum6ffeCPD97OkEKxR3ExvNYTcdoGSqooHsRVYOrWTjzdd/uOfN8pwUYTjQk4yjzb+UkvxR7h8Sfi94R+CWmR33jDxF4e8LWdxlYpdVvo7SKXHU7nIGORnHrVPxj+0B4G8GeE9M1rVfFHhvTdK1bJ0+8n1CKKzvx5bSfu5XIVhtRsYPpXz/APF7XPBuhf8ABRGa7+K114dsdHXwDaHwreeIjEtmLz7TcC92tJ/y22tZgKnzFd/92vM/+Ee+G/i7W/2c9P8AB2mbvBcnxQ19rW2vQXhkmi0/UXIiL5PkNOqhCOq7SK6XiqnM0jzqOS4fkg3KTtaTttqm7fgfX/iH9pT4a+Co9EGr+OfCWkr4jPm6Z/aOr28X9oRtgoY8Od2QR0rX+I3xl8E/BrRlvvFvibQPDOn3kqpbXeoXiW8cjHGFRnIBzkH8RX5+/t1+NPDenfFr4zafDP8ADPwVBovh+0tby98S2s2oazq8f2OaS3t7CAyxKvlM4VSm87pWBAK1rfs8eI/COn/EX4Lan8VrzSYdEHwU0htDuvEBiFhFdsITqDMJjtWZ4zbKOc8Pj7tKOKqXszplwrhpUVVlKTdm7dejVj60+Lf7TNt4Y134UR+G10/xFpfxM8SNobX8FwssYiFjd3BmgZCQ7q9uBj6+ldd4p/aF+H3hNNXkv/GPhXTY9Fl8nU57zUo4I9Nl2hikpYjYwDDIPTNfDvxy8P6H428J/CGx+BF1qHhux1D4papHpV9cWouLOKV9M1EzvZB/lEP+u8tx1LnFcnqmmaLB8Gvhzpd5q2n+AfiN4D8Y3uj6xeappKX2l6rrJtjuurtpGUeXMmx/Ozkk4BwKxjjakajXQ6o8N4WrGnKUuW91bqt9WfpJ8M/iN4f+KfhxNd8M61pGv6PK5iW702dZ4TIvVSyswzjnr0IOOa6EyCViVdlHsK+PP+CYXjKTWfEvxQ0i40TwHFqlnc2V5qHiPwLfSTaB4gmuIWj/AHcLs2yeIR/OVOORX2FAVkOSnlx87AOrKGKhj6E4zXfhcQ6m58nmuDhharhB6IfCzA/1pzED/lmrfWgDI+XpRIcLx1rsWx5PoQM67u/0xSKP3ZqWm4IjNVHcCkDtanrIChzSpDlualFkHOVqzMiQqtv8x96ctws9ufXrUk1on2b5qgtbZQuR90jH4UALbXG+P5fmFOvWAg/2qfHaJaw4ToelI0Hr1oWoFZrlxHlj14G05P5Vg+LvHsmm3f2bT7eO8uAoLB2It4vdnHAP1710cenBLlHB2lTkGvO18FQa9oWs6bczPZXkjPJsjGWYZyCB1NaAbWl/EvydUtNP1K18m4uk8xZYstE4H+10zXVXYAXehzk5rgvsIi+HGk6dI0rXdq6LGHXBdM8kV29xLBpelS3FxNFb21vGZZZZXCRxIoyzMx4AAGSTwBUykormlsOMXJ2W4+3ldZGL49FxzQkzqxrC+HHxV8NfFmwuLrwzqkWpLZuI7gCN4pIiRkZRwrYPODjBIYA5Bx0yxLJ1J/AVy4XGUMVSWIw01OEtpRaafTRq6Z1YrB1sLVdDEwcJx3jJNNddU7NEYuS3Oenb1pC7TXGWPkjbxjvT7m2RIW2NIDjjIp8lujwBGdnJHcdK1uzAit5Aliw3b5P4c1FbQkp87FGqzHp6QKCOq9KSW383kijlYDZg62+FO4+veoI5pBE+4fdGRU0FqfN++yCpHRV4PzZ71YpbEbXWbMPv2v6CotsjorZT8TR9kWGfLZA+lSrYJMcr0oIGXFysCDlgf9kZpJfuxhf9Y4zVyO0VKjkhCXCy/wASDaKzKiV538kruPOcde9EkgaVc1KbYEDfGGJctk+9SS2CuQRnj2oKK9/cBHXFEU3+kLn9anksom5bqOlNFqrtmgCK5umF6u0r17GpAx8+TP3c8U9IId/+rUP2NTfZ/mAagCqtwJJTzjbyafbFpZCPOOGHyihLRBcNj+Pg05bFPMHyjg9avUCusrRyyYw6kYJJqe2uWa0HQMOuTSWVoIC3GckmnS2gkP8AqxUAM8zMb/3u1LBIPJTd97vUiW6oMnoO1SCWPYSsK/X1oJ5RkhLHipYcY5qOxl+0g7k2YqfEeeKCRN4FOpyRxgU1iAazAKkHSmKu6n0Fx2FBwOelJMW2fLSBt7YfpTLiMyDAdlX2FBV2JayFXO79Kk4aoY7cRd8+5qTZ5dAhZE3V1HhsY0WH/gX/AKEa5nOK6jw8c6RF9W/9CNceM+BepdPc43WAsl5eY6+c/wD6Eao2sO2rmrfLq1yP70z/APoRqvnY2K9Oj8CJluSEbhSKu2lorUQUYB60FsVGxJoAcWx0prDdUTQO1PQFRzQA1loRVEyfWpJDg/jUe4CVaBakFlD/AKVLV3d5PNZG+ZLhtoPJ61P5kgxuNASV1YuySbj8275uR8ufwrmvB/wv8N/De7vbrQ/Duj6Tcai4a5msbRIJLgD7vmFQN5UliCefmNbod3xntTZJTnHasZYaEtzejjK1OPs47FKx8FaDpviS61q10bSbXWb5AtzqUFmsFzcL6SSx/vHog8D6HBDqNpDo+mw2WsvJLqkK2qvHqLSIqSGSPADbkRAcjPyirollgX5QMepFC3ch+bZyeDip+rQWxbxlaas5W/4Gxkal8H/CfiDTNNs7zwxodzZ6O8badBdWCTx6cY8eW0O7mMjA+6R0qjefBLwbqmtapfTeFfD91e6pcRS39wdLh33jR4MTPuUkmN/mXJPNdV5sxj4ifn3qNIWhjceXJvYg8Gl9Xh1NqeYVoqymzJg+F/hmHbu8N6ZI1vqr6zEwt0gLX7ZVr0hFAMrDkk9yam1r4a6Dr1/eXF/o9hqE9/p50i8aeFWa8siWLQMxBPlkPIpAOCJDkVqi8kA4hc445pBLJvB2HrjFL6tTRh9ZmnfmbM3QPA2k+F/t/wDZWm2OlyX4iWeW1tY1e48uJY43OFGTHGixqv3do6V5T+0Z+ydqHxM8O6FYeCdY0nwVpuhJLaHw/faPHqHh/UrdlIRJrNZIt3lthh8wyWNe1PdTRvwMBTxkc0xrqYvkWzvWU8LTkrM2w+Z4inNVI7o8a/ZB/ZCk/Zw1PXNY1bVNL1rxNr1tBaSSaVosej6Xb28PmCG1itkZiqDzJHLFjywGa9hs/CmmaT4pvNXtrGxi1LU4oIbm9htkSeeKH/VxSvjLAZlwT2mbipUuZ0l5gcfWp1mbb/qX+bk0qWFjGPKisTmGJxFV1qsveeny7HOWPwM8F217JfL4R0G31Ca+TUprhNMty893G2+KdnEYJdCBhuvFWU+FnhmK7W4XQdGEkeo/2v5jWKkm+MXk/ac/xS+V8gc8gVuG7kVPlifgYqBrmUtzC2FrVYeJz1MfWvbmbC50q31O0ubG5jhuLO6jaK4hmjWSO4jYFSjKwIYEEjkd6z7rwTocmm2Fu2jabcW+iSwT6bbSopjs5IARC0YIxGUDMAVAPNaJu5M8RN9MUvnyry0JpuhG9zOFarHVMpnwVo63+qXX9m2Ul1qlsljd3bWsayX8CHcqynblgGeX5Tn/AFjetY+hfBPwX4P1e3utF8J+G9Nms0kW1ez0+K3FuZzm4KKEGN3lQj8T6V0guJmHELYpDNLE25Ist3yKzlh4Pc1hi660U7GLpPwe8K6Ne/bLPwv4bs5xqR1kTR6RGkn24oYzcsR/rJdjMu/jANasfhjTbfxE2r2+mwrq09tHZzXp/wBbLDEWMcR/2VLuR/vGrb38pj6Bj3GKZHfzSDH2dxjv60RoxRE8RUbvOVzN8Z/D7RPiHb+Tr+haNrsCMsqW2pWyXESuAQG2uCD1P51NH4K0GSTR92k6a66CwbT/ADLRW/s4hCg8gn/VkKSuV7Grj3EhP+pfNM86SGIhoX/OtPq8Ny4YqpblUmkZur/DTw/4k1611bUvD+j3mqWayw215PYxTT28btuZUkZSwDNyw71Tvfgp4R1XwTZ+Hbjwv4fm0HTygtdLutNjmtLbb90rHgDK9j2rds7mQgj5l9N1SPezDjAz64rP6vBalLG11tUehTm8C6Mtxo6vo+mXC6HKLnTBJYIyWEqqyK8aZDIwWRwCOm41Dq/w78O6+mpQ32kaXfLq0UcF6s9mlwLmOMbY4pgRmRVBONxP3q1VluXAYru28AimO0yjKwsN3JrNYane4o4qqpc7m7lPwh4P0rwBo0enaLpWm6Pp8JLJbafarbQqT1IjXgVrFc8/zqrG0kh+aF/zqQzOBjy3HuTXVGnFLQwr1XUlzSd2OaYxN95sHsBT0Ixn1qldTPuH7p/rmrC3MjRj5dv1FBKehYAyaZKjAHFQxSyIfuM30qZpGkC/u2/A0CKudv3uKQxkDIkb6VZO6Ifwn6imModTirTFyohaV7mA0hDxwRqgPT5qktvMD/8AHtJj1zTrk/Mf3Ug/Glza2EkQT3B2rtycegqSd23bmBAI71GtuAuQr/nTJpzn/VSNj3rSImrBIzvaEliWzwq8k1jeKfBll4qeNn+0x3Yx/pMLlHGO2Rz+RFb0UTs6r5Z3SfdHrXz/APtP/tkWPgm31Dwz4cVp9fhPkTXYwbeyY5Djr80q9MY2gtySVKV4nEPEmX5JhHjcwnyxWy6ydr8sV1bt6dW0tT2+H+HcfnWLWDy+HNLq+kVe3NJ9Er/5JvQ67xp448Ifs5WjalrF5qF9fXMi+Xbm5+2XkhzztDkbVA5JJA7ZyQD84+L/AB946/bV8XW+nWVh5Ol2s+Ut4A/2Sy3b9stxJzlwgYBiBnawRAWINr4Ufsm+KPjlI3iPxFdXGnabfRC5iuZdstxf84Cqu7MalF+VmGMFCqspyPqT4SRaX4c0OPR9K0e10OS3wZII02+btUKXPdmIUZZiWOOSa/J/qee8cS58ZzYTLna0P+XlVXum+ydk1dWs1ZT+I/VvrmR8Ex5MHy4vMFe8/wDl3SezS7tXadne6d3H4TP/AGb/AIB6d+z7oN5bw3U2oahqTq93dPH5ayBN3lqseSFChm7kksSTjAX0GW68o/f2mn4eX94AMOMg46imr5hb/Vj6kV+w5XleFy7CwwWCgoU4KyS6det22222222229T8fzLNMVmOKnjcbNzqTd2316dLJJJJJJWSsloOs7vnE0nmfTnFQJcPmTr1+Wpn3o2BHu3cEjtTJla3lUeUxz6V28pwklvPmD52fd24ps903kYVpQ3rtpzKWHML/nTRHg/6mT86sFqRwybrXa8jGT3FRnGxwZpFOPl44q2Iih+7t9jQUKsDtBz7UFSjYZ58U8Hzzn5R8ytwabAClsu2RhycU52mAf8AcAlhjpRbK0n3l247VPMZtDpxI0YwzJ7jvTP3iEZJb61PvcnHkuQO9K+XX/VsKepJHcZdkIkYY7CmzXEhlX98QPT1pfM2t/qX+tK907fdh3fhUF6i3iFmXA+tNinxNjt70vnOesbD2pn2Zmky0Ug980DHXCqbnIP4inKx83Pmt9D0pr74T8gDe2KlR5ZYcyKE9sUANh+edz/dGeKS0uSsMhfjk7aSLfuOyJiDwTSvBJ08l6BcqKcN3Mp/efIN3Wr1vKJl/wBc5+gqGS0Mg5ifj1NFtcPnaV4HoKBk8kPlRtl2YYzzUtkwe0T6VGcyfdhk/OhI5FAGxkA6ZoFdFjyC3dgPYUJaqOm7/gQxUIneLvTkuXfs1BBYMWxajMeWzTPtMqHiNmoeeYjcYWJ9BWYE0RzSliHxVJ7uVcM0Dr7VZhuGeDd5L0Fx2LAg8wUrxbExVNLxxJ91h7Vb3yNFnjH0qeoyjdT+W3FTo7SIOD+VRX13KGwqL9cUi3FwFGY2/CrtoTzFmVhCgzXUeG236LCf97/0I1yMs05QYT8xXWeFmZtCgLDa3zZH/AjXJjPgXqaU3qcjqy7tWuj6TP8AzNViu9s1b1UY1S6/67P/AOhGqmStejR+BEis+DR5lEabqbMuytQAnNFEQ3UrpQAwXHNKrbqiubqOKiK6V1p2YDpHqNj3plxcY/rTk+7VgMMau3f8DSmARt8ufxNOIxzQHyaAJowEFRyqC1Azik2Nmlyod2NZzjB6UxiVGRUxjyKf9n3pS0ESWrkw9aC+6Q9c06JPLTFIY8tUi0F2+hoVdpyaTYaXBbrU6DH7FmU4qNd0Xc04/uioHelkjOKz0AbJIZKRE46t+dOVdtPVlHajmDV7j0ZgtNf7tPEgcUGHf0pa7hGxXaPCZ5pFjjfqWz/vVNIhiWmec7jBC49hTuw1uI27+GnxHZ1oQUOeaNGATxcZFIm4VIzfKKSnHYWg1ovNHKsfoaYqfZx/ED23HNSORtOc/gaijKxA5V/+BUxaCSDzz+8IA9RxUkUSRD92d3uaYkx/hA/EUGRmPzY/Ck7MOREkuxVzuYN6ZqM3L+X1pxKkdD+Apu4xcqefQipSuPlQxXbOQxzU6T7lwetQkljnv7U5UL9KsNAuznGKd0Qc077KZCPz5psjzQDGF2+pGanlDUchOKcZCoqJZMn3pS26jlGTQygn5qLkqDlOneoWOBQsoxikl1FdEi3m4fKaRzuTnrUWdjcUZZnz2quXUYpVkjz+lYnjHx7pPgHSG1LWr620uzQn95O+3zCFLbVHVmIUkKoLHHANcj8c/wBqLw78ELYw3E39p6w+5V021lUyxME3KZuf3SHKdQWIbKqwBx8r/YfHn7XWs/2rqUzHR9NlaFpwgS2sA2XZIowQ0j42jjc3+r3sBhq/OuKvESlgK6yrKaf1nGy0UI6qL01m1tZa26Je84rU/RuFvD6pj6H9qZtU+rYOOrnLRyWukE97vS/W/uqT0Ok+M/7T2v8A7R3iG38K+C7PULfTdQX7P9nKqLrUGOGbeckRxqAQQrAbd7OcHavafBT9i1fh5c2Gs+Jraz169kizLpTRCaCyLA53EkrK4UgdNqndjdhXHrXwD+BGjfBjw7/xL7FRqFwrGS8nVXupI2IYIz4GF+VflUBflBxnJPfLvHLKMHjOK83h/wAO6tbFrOuKKn1jE7xj/wAu6a6KMdm07/3b62cveO3PvEOnRwrybhen9Xw32pf8vKj6uUt0np/etpdR90y9M8Q29+R5gNuzcYc1n6/oQ8Q6gYijxXlsDLZ3MZ2q+OdreuTWxe6Pa3sYWVeccFOKwvF10PBWnJef2haWsMHEpuZQmR3KsTiv1rc/KW0i14b8T3moAw30Bt9UUZmToGx/Eo7DpWvFcusu015PF8e/CfjDXFk0bxHox1mz5j/06ORWj/iDgHj8a9B8LeM4PEkrohxJEuXjYc7u5B6EHtVcolrsdDOmMZ3D6GmpGG5Rt31NN88XA+Zsexo3i3H19KnlKim9eg5pHTrn65p3n/7X4Vi674y/se/hsbeFr3UbpDLHArAYQdWJPAx6Vn2HiPW797mZI9JvYbc4kht7j94v+8cHB9gMe9SaROoM+6TB606Q58vH8JyayvDPiK28VWbT2qP+6bypUcjcj9cfrWskmYuU2ds5zQVIVpv3ntTtyt92oyVJ65/ClZdo4rMylsPick0SOaSI4NPZc0ByoEh3JUUh8tuKmMm0YFMKZGaA5ULDIHONpY+tHms/Pboea43xZ4il8QeLbjw/b3X2SLTIVur8iI7zE3TaR3riPhn438N/Ey51FvCGoarFf6FIRcwXocrHt5YEng5xQM9rDtjnAz3xTsgx4JzWf4c8QjxRolpeFcNcR7+Dx+FWwrF8dKAHRyiGpll8wdageIjtmnwPhsbWH4UAOKt61X8ny2qzcIxXjj61EEOOaACNyDU6SbhzUYixS7hG2D260GY8nB4A/GkM0jen4Cjzh/dpdu8fdJ9wcVmAK+KWUt5Ix13Co2OGpyyZoL5USz4cdcehNRojrxu3+4p4Ac06OE7uKBhASj/w/iKW9uNsfv7Uoba9V7n94dtTy63AjIMwzTooBE2VbJ9M9KRFJGBU9s3l53/N9Bir5mTyilWNdN4dGNHh/wCBf+hGuc2nOe1dJoS50qH8f5muLFfB8y6W5xupNv1e6/67P/6EahlTAqfVBs1a6/67Of8Ax41FnetelS+CIhsfy02U7jSyAqKQPu46GtOYBEBB6EfhTZ5PlK04yv3ZiPSoJTlqoCAWxjbc3Oaa4weOKmafAqF23GrjsAnleZGw9RirC/3f7oqGM4NSq2aYC0K2Gpu/mpEHegCVV3JTGhOakjO0U7zKzAiWI4qZRhaWigWoUUjHAoZsLQMUtigTe1GMijZsrMAYbzmlLE1JG4pXHHSswI1TdTxFimqu2n+ZQABKcX2mmh6bI9aAKf3ho8r6UsZzTs80ARsNlRk5NKz7hn3xTo03VPKAwnNLvNP2bKBH7VIEX2VpDlWxj1p7rK3BKsPY0p6c00Jt/wBWoAoAFixQyYFKIyTTulO7Ah8xkPB202WXyo98hZv90ZNTPHvGKRVMS4HWiO4EUf7xd4zj3qvrHiO18LWZnu3Zc8KkY3Ox9h3q3IflJPUc1x3iHy734kNDdSC1jWBDZTk/6uU9SueCavcWxd0z4im7nQXlpf6fBKTsklRc+2drHA+uK6JG+0EBZPNXqHByp+hry/wetx4Pl1jwzqctzqFrKXuGvrjPlwlhlUZzxuOeAM/hXcfD7/R/CNjCm7y0jwmRxiq5SDYlGZPTJqNpcXJh/unGaeeQPakMWZmf1GPxpR3AVZM044I7/gKRUAauc+J/xb0P4P6BJf63fR2yiNnht1YG4uyuAViQkFjllB7DcCxAyawxeKoYWjLEYmahCKu23ZJebZ04TC18VWjh8NFznJ2SSu2/JI37zUINLsJrq6ljt7a3RpZZZnCJEijJZmPAAAJJPAr5q/aM/brj01ptH8Czb72GfZPq7RpJCAuCRADkPk5Uuw24U7d24OPOfjB+0L4u/af8Q3Gg6HHeR+H5HDw6cgVXmVCcSTv6kkHbu2AhPvMAx9q/Z1/ZA0f4eRQ6prEcOq6yEViJlDQ2zht2YgRkMCF+Y8/LkbckV+NYrijOuLKs8BwvejhlpPESTV+6p9draq0ldX5NG/2PC8M5NwpShj+KLVsS9YYeLTt2dTpvdWd4uztz6ped/s/fsV6j8R76TxB46a+ht7mQXCW7TZub9mIdnmbllVskEHEhJY5XA3fS1h4ZtdJ1S2sdPs7ey0vSR5sVtbQrHGCSSwCqABkkk+pJrTv9UXSbB3DNkIQoYYBPavlX9oj/AIKi+Hf2efFUPg3S9L1bxv40kuVguLHTpEiMEjnCxNM+FVgc5GcjB4r7rhnhPLOHcP7PBxvOXxTlrOWt9X27JWXz1Pi864kzfirEOpXlaEfhhHSEdLaLv3bu/lofXImMpDK6MHJG9WBC+2a8p+O/7XnhL4B39vp+p3Wpajr14+yHStLtWvLh/qiAlfq2Bx1r50tv+Cyen+CPjDH4I+LHg7W/h3fzRRv589zHdW6LKm5CzodicHJYnsfSt7/gnfZ6H47+J/xO8UatPBqfxCPiK6gaZ8SSWtgjAwGA85jZWBDDHU88V9VRxEZux8jmGBxOFjzT2eh6V8Kf2+PBfxQ+IEPh24tfEXhfVp5liih1zTnsUuMnGEdhtb8DXmWneAv+G5f2q/G9j4pvJbnwR8Pb7+zIfD6SERXhZQyyyBSGGPyrs/8Agpvonhm4/Zh1rVdYxD4g0KBrnQ7phi6julUmIRZ5YlsDv94157YfCbxz4LGn/FT4fapo+neJtU0y0TxTo2sSNbQalKkGDOXyPnIIznoSa3vY8eDnOStqdV+1J+wR4E0P4MaxqfgjRbLwj4n8P2rX2n39guSGi+Yo4/iRgCDn1612Hwoh1n4w/CPwv470m9ax1rUdKguGtXjItJZuQ4bHIGQTxXzN8ZP2q/ix+0zo7/DtPCGkaNY3w8rVr3RLz7TJJbD78QdSVXccfNnt15r2f4NfFDxp8F/FnhXwp4i0fTdE8M3Nomn6dawTF1hWKMsGd843MB6dTRztLQ78NRnKfLs2e32nxstNMsCviNbfSbm2X9/I7hIM9yCTkD6itfwh8S9B8ex+ZoGrafrcUZO+XTp1uYVP91nUkA+2a/LD4nfFTTP2p/iJpXjX4na7bab4S8SeKLzSNItrzVG0vTbHTLGSNJ7uZ4yuZieFjbOQ7HtWhaa9o3wE8J+Mvij8GP7O8O33gPxPBbX1pY61Le6Rr+gXWz7NeAeayefsyCq8hlIIyK4ZYq0rH1P9h4dWpzl+9eyP0p1tzpPi/wDte7iaGzeF7aSWJVMkLPwMkg4X1FYfgP4a6f8ACnxbceIrbxTPdWd1G4ksoREY7h2HBAQD+tdJonjltW8L2d5qdmv2XUreO4LQoX8zeisCwIBBww4Iq/4e0LQdU8u4s9OttyEYlK7Gz7gcA+1dy1jc+bqQdOo4PoP+G1oI7K8n8g2zX9ybjy8dPlA/pXSgFH5+7SEEzY+ZHHtTpZtqYxz603uS2BkBaliOw8801bcyjNOVccEjj1rPlYE2VFKrZqHzPK7bvpSMDcdOKQEincacqZIpnb6U9f3iZ6YoA5Lxn4eubDxUmu6avmXk6iG8iyALqJeiEnArK03wl9nN4ukeGIfDcuqy+ZfzpLGTN2P3XY8j2ruIrhdR4I/1bVK1v5tyGoAg0fRofDulwWtrGvkwLtT/AGR7VbhjLDO6nFhHJjFR3t3HYIZZWEcaqWZicBcetAEpBVupFKJ9n3Znz6EVVh1m3ulDx3MDpwWIcHaDyKZJrNlL92+sCMgZM69T0FIvlRauJC8f3gT9abaoXPWmoYpbXdH5bHplDkVLDEVFMgkI2kexpHi82Yt61LGn96mP8lRdi5UKLXC1HI7RhqabshwKdcP096OVjGxN5lSgZNRxx59vrT/L29/yp8oDvs7etSxqyd6iEm09afvz3qQJKY6c5pKkoAQQbl9KNgqQnaKjZsVMQFzxXSaCf+JVF+P8zXMbjXTeHjnR4f8AgX/oRrlxXwfMuG5x2sP/AMTW6/66v/M1XUEjrVrVxnVbr/rq/wDM1WK/JXp0fgRBKHSCDcecdqrtdfaBwuKga33vnd+FO3+X2q1EBzyFagmm3U55t/XioJGq+VgITk0U0vSqcirAWnplqYBk1ahi4qWwFjiyKXG2gH8aeAw+8MelK7J5hQMmnqu2mp96n1MtgiBPtTPLJbrS+YN2KkEeVpbFDXXEdSpH+5FREZ4qSKXyxUPYAJY/w1534r/at8A+CPEV1pOqa99l1Cxfy54vsNy+xsA4ysZB69jXpCXG89K8B+Bn/J4vxQ/3I/5rXyfEWbY7D4rB4PAuEXXnKLlOLmkowlPRKcNXy236n1XDWV4LFU8XiMcpONGnzpQkotvnjGzbhOy96/wnrvgD4m6D8UdI+3aBqlrqVupw/lkrJEckAOjAMhODgMBkcjjmt3duFfO9xpVv8PP299Lh0eNbSDxNpUk2oQQ/Kkj7ZiX2jgZaJGPHJ3HqTVP4QfEL4r/F7xtqENjrOlwaL4f1speS3EESy3EHmAeQoWNuiKcHCnL8seMeNguOmpQweLoSlXdSpTtSV4t0+Xml70k4x5ZqWrdrNXbtf2sVwLGpH65gq0YUPZQq3quzipylFRbjFqT5otJpK907LW30sEpHGDXhel/EDxv8ffij4o0/wz4itfCOheE5/sRm/s2O9mvptxXJEnAXMbkFSMArkNnIytB/aN8UXvwV+IUOoTQw+LvAri3a+hhXy5z5hTfsYbd2UfPygEFSAOa6n4gYBRdWVOoqfLVlCVo2qKim58nvc17Jtc6gmldM4lwHj2lFVIc69nzQvLmgqrSg5e7y2vKN+WUmrq6PoZmw1RmQmvm3xD8SfinpPwO0v4jf8JBpf2VVt3m0cabGyzxFgnmPL97c7EFlTYAGOCCMVf8AjP8AtGaxaa14Qjt9YXwP4d8Q6UmptrDaZ/aDeYyk+RsII4ymSBn5gc46zV8RMBSpznWpVIOPs2lLkjzRq35JJuahGLs788oNPRpNpHRDw6zCpVjSo1ac7yqRbi5vllTXNKLShzSdtUoRnfofQ6GsH4hfFvw38JbCK68RatbabHcEiJWDPLLjGdsaguwGRkgEDIziqvwgvtR1HwVDLqGuaT4kk8yRYtT08BYruMMQrMFyofghgvAIxXhPiHxDq13+3Fr01n4bk8W32gadElhZm5jt0tspCxlMknC4Mr44JJcfUdXEfFFTBYTDVcPH38RKMVeMp8qcXNtwptubSVlGL1b0dtTj4e4XhjMfiMNiJ+7QhKcrSUOblaikpVElC7krynH3Ve6voe9eAvi54b+JPhi71TRdUiutNsZGS4nkjeBYSqhm3eYFIAUg56e/BrE8M/tSeA/FviiLRtP8R202oTyGKJGhljSV+m1XZQjEngYPzcYzmvJPjb+0i3xN/Z18YWR0248P65pd9Bp+o2bXAl8sNMc7XAG4Hy2U8Ac9wQSv7VuhWeh/soeC5rOOOObSpbP7LNGNrJugYsQevzEBjzyQD2r5jHcfYqNCpi8FKnUp0KdOpN8k48/POUWoJzvTcVF35ud83utKzZ9NgeA8I60KOPjUpyrVXSglOEuT3IyU5SULVE3ONlHkvG7Uj6aVi1ecaz+2F8OfD2sXen3niLybyxne3nj+wXTbJEYqwyIyDggjIJFSXX7VfgfQ9eXRtQ1j7LrCtHDLbmynbbIwHy7lQr3HQ496zf2w/ik3w8+DF5DZv/xNNeYabaqvLfOD5jAdeEyM9mZa+j4h4kjRwFbG5ZiaT9hfnVva+9tGHuVIcsnLTW+r2R8xkvDdSWPo4LMcLV/ftKDT9mnqryTlTmpRSd9Laa3Oq0T46eEvE3gO88TWutW/9hafI0NxdzRyQKjgKduHUMSd6gAA5LADJ4qj4D/aZ8D/ABJ15dL0XXoLq/kUukMkEtu0gHUL5iqGbvtGTgE4wDjyb4w/BzTfBH7GWm6Leaxa6Pc6bNDeSPMGZLq7YNviwgZj99sEA4CAnABI5vw/4+vPjB+0H8P28YaWfBcmjW6vYq9rJE2rThlKqpYDbGxA2qcgYZckuMfMYrjfNcLmWHy7FRpxnL2CkrSd3UbU7T57U+S3uxmpOp9nsfW4PgbKMZhcTjMLOpKnCVZRleOipxvF8vJerzvfkceRWcu59b7t1OVsCogWc/L17U470+/1r9bPyAe2Kic5ajcaQjFOO4CAF+OlY3inwba+KoI1uR89o3mQyd4mPdfetoSEmlaIFeatAcLL8ITqDxi+1fWNXtrfLx2tyyiEnryFAJPpnOK6nQr4yWCxC3+zLB8gh/uVoBc8DI5oZBGzEDljn61XMTyikbh92oXUtn0qHW9dtvDGkSX2o3Vrp9nCAZJ7mZYYoskKMsxAGSQBnuQK+VPjz+29qHjW9h0H4e/2hbR3DtbyXiwf6VfMxMapAvLIDkMGwJCSuAhU7vk+KuNMt4foe0xsrzl8MI6zlrbRdu7dl89D6rhXgzMuIKvs8HG0F8U5aQjpfV9+yV38tT0j9oL9sLS/g+zabpP2XXtcbzEeNJ8w2BXcv70rnLBxgxAhsA5KfLu8E8FfDDxj+1X4sh8QeI7y5k06QeW96+xGkSPjy4IwAACSfmC7A3mE7mBU9j8DP2OVsbiG88VRLNq0c26DSw6S28QXIBn25EmThginbgDdu3FF+lvCvhW18M6PtCwhbdFWMx4jjiAGAijoAAMADpX59g+F864rrRzDilulhk04YZNrtZ1OvfR+8rtLk2f32L4qyXhSlLAcLpVcS1aeIaT73VPW29tV7rsr8+65HwH8KfDfwA8GTXbRQ26WFoZrm7ZRulVAWZmYAMzcn1AzgADAryzw3+2D8QPjakl98Mfhe+t+HOTDrGr3/wBkivcdGiVY3cj3KjFdv+3R4c17x9+yV4v03w1l9XktA9nGpCNdYYb40JIBLKcDB7GrH7IHx28JfEn4LaG2g3Wm6e2n2a202nIyJLYSnO5HXr8xwemK/ZcLhaWFoRw+GgoQirJJWSXkkfiOOzCtisVKtiJuU5O7bd235tnEfDz9rHVfG/xgsvh/8RPCGo+AfElzbyXdirSi4s9UWMqGMMu1c/eHUA18DP8ABnxdY/tQ3PhmP4j6Z8N/iNovi7VNde41mLbHr63sqNBfwSNGyyywqHUxsAoExr7W/a6+Iuh/GL9or4V+BvCUtvq/jfw/4htdb1KSwdSdI0+BiZo3K9FckDAPOK9g/ab+Gfwy+J/heeT4laP4dvNPt9xi+0KGuYyTzsk+VvTgVniKLmtD1MhzJUXOjX+GXVH5h/8ABV/9mi1XxbofjHR/ipF44+IniW7t9P1Xw7Z2lgWv1Fk1s32cpGxDGT5vnIH79/bH1f8ADP8AZE03wh8IvBfirXPGGo+AvH/hzQYLfUdX0qZFmvTtxtnhdSr43bQBke1L4W+BPh2w8V21r8F/hdpuhWM5C3WvxWcf2iNezLKys+c+4+te3fD/APYqs9P1/wDt3xXf3fiHVlUBI5W/cxjpnbkAnHqtRhqPs3dnpZljcPWwUcPS3i7ngFh8F9Q+N3xB0++l1nxn8TRYSCa0HiGeNdLtmU5WRbeFEBYHkEtx6V7J4w/Yr1T4uagt74u8d3tvHt+aw06MLED6sWycj2FfQej+HINK02O2srOHT4YhhdiBTj3Iq1JBHaoQV3FhgkjNdstT5uEHSd0fO/wd0GH4W+NbrwbDYJIunxRXEGpNkG5gdWOXPQDIwScLnFXfj5pVh8TvhGb1rtbbVrRhcadKAJF8xJBiPAIzlkMfBHU16L8Sfhld+OSj6Xrl14dlWza0mu7WJPtGCchkDZVWHQHkgE4618wfC/w1aW3xs1Xw/wDEW4vJ721VZYWivJSbxAWKGVpCS2cliuduegFCSaszo5rNVOqPHPGP/BPrWvFHwfj1vwN4i8NxQXWrtr1vomvx+T/wj16xPnRW9w6yoUbuksbAZPNVP2d/+CUHiD4jaSll4g8ReGtJ0eFYH1m20DUm1RvEEsNzLcoLhjHFDEolmkx5ak4bGBitbwRq/gj4z/EbS9Z+IF5Y2fhjxVqd/a6R4ekvxpmmaJDZExM8sIkSOeWWYxKd4PMgry7T/iPqPwg+Pfizx58PbjwdovhjQtdvbEaVo6gA6RataqtxMI2Mb+YbjKsEUjd1btwvC0FVVt2exHiLEuLqWXa+lz9YfBeswS2ZsDEsE0CCN7ZWzGAqgZXIBwABUz/Dm0vbwXUTvZXCqRHNbsQSPXB4/MVj6nbxeJfDVprkd1HpF9bQRzlwwKKrIr7GyvOQeuK43Wv25/CHh3SzPcvczzQTrazx20RYBm4ymSu5fUjn2NehKyVkeVUk6r9p3PUxbaloVqnlzyauVHJk/wBa317U6z8XQXk3kOrW83dH+8DS+EvF2neOdDtr/T5G+z3A3Z3Yb8VPK/QgGtOSzhnGGSN19VXDfnU9DLlsOjuy64VeP71StFC0fzhfqawm8PXWm3huLO8RYP4oZAWY0WXje3stT8i8gksi38UpyG+lZtPoBtrF/wA85QBQYTFydx+lQveLdnMPzL2YUjqT96bPsO1UkKWxMq+cchpFx29agvb0pII1++eGHbFWFURw7icKOrHtVWOON75p3/eFhgbelHKLmJbS3EC8d6m27h1xTFbbT8CSLrSluUPVcLu6+9cV+0BeNp3wd8TXRWWRLbT5bnYhxvwMYPBOMHsCfauyWTZFsHPvWX4t8I23jjw3d6RfGVbe7haJ2R9pHfr9QKQHwvefEvUWPidJtP8AiPoNh4iMd3NcW7xmHRYYwF/csUwFCk7t3PTpWp4G0Z5fGtlosC+NZtDl1hLh9av54dhgVVZJVwoBjZi3Ay3FfTt3+y7YS/DTWfCz6rqhtddmkuZJ5LhpXjd38zADHBj3gfKeNvFcyP2CvDaawbua/wBRvEa/k1SWGeVTGk8kPkuIlCgJHt5CDgHmg0PX/Buh2+j6NHBa3L3UER3LM3/LTNa8nzcVV0jSodE0mC2tcrBAAqgnJxVor8tZmV9RJZWiAxzTrhsxrTgu8USx+Z7YoGQGPjdTraTzByKcI8U+JPLNO7FdCGMP1XNOVMDgbRT6CMii7C6Imhz/ABU1YiD96nSR8VDlt1IZaT7tKsnNRInG6np1oAkDE0Oeaeq5FMuBgUARl811Hhw50aH/AIF/6Ea4+UkMPrXYaAudJh/H+ZrkxnwL1KhucjrJxqdx/wBdX/mapk4FTa3LnV7nGf8AXOOnuahUfua9Oj8ESSGY4NMExFRzFt9J5lbpWAJm3VCeKdKu+mrHg96YBUqKO/y0iJzUicH0/CgBoKhutWoTkfIw/GmLH6tu/wCA4p9TIBzBsfNg/QYpI/lPUn6mjaaFHzVJmTKMClJwKAMCmM241PMVyiGLa2algmLNjFBXZHz96ltWzJUlEjR7jUfk7Wqd/vVFdfIBUNgGcV4bH8GfiJ4P+NfijxT4ZuPBckPiJlHl6o9yWRBjtGoAOR6kV7nvXZ70wkuK8TN8joZhKlUqylGVJuUXF2abTi/wbR7GT55Xy51fYxjJVI8slJXTV1Lb1SPL/hL+z9qGgeP73xr4u1eDWvFF9F5KJbRFLTT06bYs8n5QADheC2dxJYyfs4fBbVPg/N4pbUrjT5/7c1JryD7K7tsQ7uG3KuDz2yPevTo4MHkmpiFArnwfC2X4WpRq0YtSpc7TbbbdS3PKTd3Ju27Z14zirMMTTrUqsly1FCLSikoxpu8IxSsopeW/XVtnig+B/jT4afErxDrngPUPDMln4pk+0XlnrSTAQzZLbkaLJbl3POMBsYOAawPFnwPl+Dn7MHxAuNQ1BdU17xEovdSuETZGZC4O1B1IDO5yQM56DpX0M7Yqrqml2viDTZrO+tbe9tLgbZYJ4hJHIOuGVgQfxryMZwHgZYatSw11KUKsIKUm4U3VT5nGPS7eu9lorLQ9HD8cY5VKft7NKVJzailOcaTTipS62SVu9k3ex81eEfg14++LX7P3hzw+df8AD8XhG+hguZJWtpP7QiQHcIQo+R1VgpByrHAyccH0/wAc/D/xnZWltpPhVvB994XTT4rFtL8Q20kiReVwGDRgmTcNuQ/AKAgcmvSdM0u00XT4bSzt4LS1t1CRQwxiOONR0CqOAPYU92x0rfBcF4Shh3Tc588oxjKXPK/LGLSir39zWXutO7d3dpNVmXHGKxOJdSMIKmpzmockbc02vela152SXMmmrabu/n37OPwWm+CPw+Ok3F4t5dXVw17cNGm2GORlUFYx12jaBk4J64HQYXj34IeJtN+NP/CceCb7Q49QvLT7HfWmrLL5MoAADAx5bPypxxgpnJyRXrTXLv8AKQMUqTNHXqVuF8BPBUMBBOEKDi6bjJqUXFNJp77Np3vdN3PLp8U49Y+rmMmpTrJqacU4yUt01tbRWta1keLeHP2Smuvh54utfEWqRXXiHxrKLi8u7eLMNpIrF08tTgsA5JOduQQMDGTnj9m7xx460rw54f8AGWteG28MeG5I5QNPWZ7u/wDLARFkLgKBsLDK+vIY4I948w788fjXB/Fv4u3Pw51LRrW00e41qfWJzEixsYxGFUu7FgrAYUHHHJ4rz/8AULKOWEIxkoxiotKUrTUZOaU9fe99uV3q3Jp3TsehHj7N4ylU5otuXNFuMfclyqCcNPdtFKK9E91c7yGBSdobj0zXlHxC+A+s/EL9oPw/r99caW3hnw4BJb2nmObhpvvbiuzb/rAn8XKoOOSKh+En7WNt8StA8S6k2lXdgPDr7HiwZGkULuJHArG0L9vbwp4gltI7eDVxPeqfJjkttm9v7vzEfN14r3s0yjD5hGnTxN3GE4zSTsm4u65u6vrbq0jwcpzTE5dVliMM0pSjKN2rtKSs2uzs2k+lztP2kfgncfGvwda21nfR6fqWl3IvbNpE3QvIFICuMHg564OPQ9K5Wf4G+N/it8QfDmqeONR8Lw2Hhmb7VBDo6TGS5lDI2HMgG0HYMkHtjbzkdd8Nf2gdO+J2pXNlb2mp2dxYrvljubcpkezcqfwJNefQ/t76Hr17q9tpOja/PLpDtHL9qsHhV2Vtp2H+KvNx3B+X4rFyxdXmvJwcoqTUJum7wco7PlsuydldM9TL+LMxwWGjhqPLaHPyScU5Q51afK+l1626WPoINhePzpRwvr9a5L4U/EZviZpTXws3s4dq7RICrMe4IPpXVS8L8tfTWPlyRl3U1l2023b93zSO+6lyoA8/tSu52VEqktUitkYq4gOVsiuM+MPx78NfBHSRNrN5uun2GLT7Yq95MrEjcIywwg2tlmIX5SMliAfNP2l/2zrH4df2h4f8NH7Z4kixDJd7Va109jncOvzypgfLjaC3zElWQ+WfC39mjXvjrrE3jDx9fXun6TqcRuxdM6C71EnITYpBEcYABBZQCmwICp3L+U8ReIVepjHknDFP6xitpS/5d0903J7XT6bX0u37r/UuHuAaMMGs74mqfV8NvGP/AC8qbNKK3s113trZL3lieJPFnjv9svxZcQ2sOzSLOcTrbBwlnpqt8itI+AXYDcehY/vNigZUezeC/hX4J+A6KkOqaU2oHa9xrOpTxJJGCm1hAP8Alkpy/GdxDYZmAGKv7QHi64+Bf7KnjjXPCOiWOm6b4b0ea8tI4IsveOqKpd1+8zKqqSxJZsDJNfnh+zDoHwk/aX+Md7o3jbXbB/HniRrCPTZ9Q0ptWOpXZtIJbmdPMzBGiiTyo7dRjCBiSxJo4c4HpZbiHmeazeJxstXOWqi9dIJ7WWl+iXuqK0PQzzjCOZ4L6lgYPDYGOihDRyWms2t7vW3W/vOT1P110L+z9F8PtLbSJqEIQzCSGZZDcZGcKwJ/nXy78HPB+s/8FEdXvfG3ifX9a0vwCLqey0DQ9PufsrztBIY2uAygEh+Op/Cvlv8AYY8Y6x+zPZfDn/hHte1TUU8eeNNW8J+INBvIlEFklq6hXgTbvjMZ25wxDB8EcV9Z3Hwy+Kf7IviO6074T6fpvi3wRLO+otoOpzi2u7DzWZ5EtrjKhss3RkOAOpr9KpV3LdWPyTOMt+rTvT2Zg/H34Va5/wAE6YdO8f8AgLWtWufCNnd2/wDb/h2/vGu1e3lkKebHI+WQg8DHeuv+Jf7NvwY+LGtz+K/Evh+002yjjPnXEE0lo2pEj75MbAt3HP5ivBPj58Wvi/8AtYXo8Dan4e0vT9ON+lxLoOj363l1MUfejT3DYCrHJhiirg4xX0h4A/ZCm8TaLZP8RNTn1KaxYtDZ2r+TCCxBOQmNwyO9di1PKp0U5c0jgfhN4p0HwZqMvhz4L+AVsbO8YK+pxwbgyjtIzb2Yexk/A17F4G/ZBtvt39teO9Qm8T66r+YoMpZI17IA2cAdMV6v4Q8I2nhDSltNMs4bC0jHKRLjeR0J9TW1Cn2aFm4Y9Rnk0S2OyMYR0iipo2lWulWMcdlarZQR9I4wFJ+uKuoEDcB93qTSxyeaM7QPepUhCnP8VYl+gzy9nOetREmJvu5+tPlYl6fLgR07sm3chiG9/mAK4yygcmvJ/wBrD4Nf8J/4Tn1bTbVJPE+mxl9PSBQsly3TYT3wK9Yhzu4pl1Fvfy36N0Knkfj2p7g07WPx4+OX7FC6p4s0rV7e0h8SR6dqNzdw+HLu8jsru2knCmdYg0c29jICwEZQjCntXpS/DPxB8bW8PeFrX4Y2nw70fSVtor1rYQ3ur69bW8m+KG6l2IAoyfvSZb5ePlr7U8a/sjeE/HXiX+3NS0C1m12wkMtrcmaVfOPYOqOoYf72a734ax6dBpTW1lYwaVJCQs0EEYijJHRtgwD35xn3p+yu7mLpvZbHifg79mL4iePLgy+OvEtmunu2bbT7e3UPHGOFBbJVWAwAcOeOGFd34r/Yr8E3fhpVTTFk1JIjDHqFy7y3oB7eYzHr9K9fAJbJy59T2pjTFJPmTPvWptF8uh8s+BvFdx+xlezWevySjwtAAz3MpJFuM4wT69K+lvB/i3TvHWnRXulXKXVrPEsyuh42sMg1xvx38J6d8QtNbTprUXN/Mnlwxsm6N+f4+34muF1H4ZeNPgnYWF/4QaOfT4SDeadIQdoA52nqee1BW59BGHzE+bgZqvPZLccSRxSADALLk15h8Dv2r9E+L9nPBcNLYapZuyXEM6eVjBx8uevNeqNMDCHQhozjBHesxGFd+FLywm+0aZdLblzl1lBYEd8CrtjrVz9p8qawlUL/AMvBxsf3FaInMp+nrVfXdXsdE0+S6v7q2tbSNSzS3M3lRJ9WPT6UE+pYE6zjgh4x98jotKlnjlDhTzzXjvhv9oX4b+JPFt5HYeO/D76kD5Yih1WI5IPREZhub1BHevR4Nd1qxdX8u1vbFlDLNuAYj6DiiUX0M1UjexuvFGq8vg1GqHFU7DxZa6nxuSJweVl+U/hWjG5J/h/Olyo1uh0CbBTrg74+OuaRmbGajOcZqBjkSU9VYD1NThVdcc59ahilEhxukz6EcUqpKsmTtK+3WgCcRbFpkjUye6Zk2qCSOSQMimxuZB8wYfUYqeUzLNqwNMnfDU1Ds6U3aWb5qOUrmJ4huFPPXiqu9lU0tpKSOafKHKWS2Kjkk2Lu98UhbFMlPmJj3zS5R8qHvPspomz2pjgswP504kBakY+ZtsXFPilPl9KgXKyYb6ipVc5/2aAJkfdSvytJHSscCgCExZNdT4bGNFh/4F/6Ea5mum8O/wDIGh/4F/6Ea48X8HzLp7nF6t82sXX7w/65/l/4EarNJhsdql11savdf9dn/wDQjWdNKRXrUV7iILFyVEZqlLMFWkaRn4prKuPmNbAK7lJMD0zT4stSZWV857YqaOgACHNSRjAp6KCKUpQAq8LUoGKhUEGpU+7UyAeq0oTBplLuNSR1H1HCn78+wP50qfep6AJk9zWbZYkMnmruk61MrxDoeahGCdtSJaR7s1F2A7cajuFMi1MBtFMlO00gGR27BanRaRJ8ilzQAScdKj3UE5NSAYoAYAWpGBFSUUARAZHNORBQy7aQtigAaH0pjLtoa4ZR8tMMrOOa0AekBmfGEbPZjXhP7ePjPxB8OfCWjah4YuhaahHcunILRhFhZyzAAnGM/wDfNe6Mu3DcjBzxVDxD4c0vxcFF7ZJc7VZRvHTIKn9GYfjUS3A+JfBXxT+JPhL4ap431WXwDB4VvZ4/+QZaS28l/k9Jcg8HBB56VJ8EP2hnsvi5ajWptOOkT203ladpOmLIZmZ9yyyOULgoPlB3dK+xLX4W+HLPw/Ho50ayewhIKwPGHTI6HByM0yx+Fnh7SLszWulWkEj8bkiUFR6Djgew4q09B3Zz+l/HLwrdeAtU8R2VveraaQhaXdbFZFwcHaO9c5dftL+CIJGt10+7ln+0pAp+yHDu8YkznuPvAn2FepQ+C9Li0meyTT4BaXPEsP8AC+euabD8MvDqeTt0m0Rrf7jAdKLsOZjvDl9FqmhQzQ24tfM5KYxgdq1rc74+aFs0hAVflUDAA7U7aIqCwcBIzTI5ExyH/AU/LZrz/wCOX7R+gfArTmF/cNcatNAZrTTYs+Zc87RlsERrnPzN1CttDFdtcOZZnhcvw8sXjaip047tuy/4LeyS1b0SbOrL8sxWYYiOEwVNznLZJXf/AAEt23olq3Y7DxX4o03wX4eu9W1S7isdPsU8yaaU8KOg46kkkAKASSQACSBXx78cv2tfEHx41M+HfBlnqlrpN5A0MltFAJL7Usjc4YJuKoApG1Dyu/cSG2rkQ2njr9t34g2dxfD7LpcBMBuY4HXT9OUBTIEBJ3StlTt3FmyuSqKCv0r4A+HHg39lfwTDPI1utwiMt7qc6Kl3ck7Sw5OViyq4RSQNoJy2WP43WzDPOOJOhlnNhcv2lUek6q0uorRqLT9HrzN3cD9fp4HJOB4qvmdsVj9401rClvZyeqck16p25UrKZ5v8F/2RNJ+ElhD4k8dLbapctDj+zWhWa3sXbOd+SVmYLgZxtU7sb8K45qX9pvx7+1H481S1+FXhvR9U0HR5TBcXuumSG3aXsV2/fHrj0xXv99p938SPCerXReHN/ZyR2kUcgeNVK4U7hxk8HFeDf8E//jR4f+Evwob4a+Kb3T/DPivwveTQ3NvezJapfAzSOsqNKV8z5WUkqTySK/VuHeGcuyPCLB5dT5Y9XvKT7ye7f4LZJLQ/JOJuKMyzzGPFZhU5pdFtGK7RWyX4vdtvUTWvjx44+FcMHh/46+BdJ/4RLxK39jvrfh4vLY2/nAp5cysA0QYZGegz1rxjQv8Aglt4+/Z4+NUXif4XS/DLxJpVpKJNGbxJHci50lAFERj2vsyiKqh8HcBzXuX/AAUN+O/hTxf8FtW8BaDqmj6/4q8ZRLZWFrZzefJDvb558oCFVFUnJI5NZvjn9oHxhpOmad8NfAjXd/qGkadb2t9qsClhkIFbawyDgg16tbC+1945spzStRbo7xPLPhx8BtM/ZF+PF98QviXqWn+KfiHfSXF5YaN4bsG+w2t1csjTTbA7Yd9i7mwM4r0j4ieD/iV+0L440OfxFdt4O8J65N5cX2aTJIxkiQN93ivR/gn8HPDHgPRDqsF1Jrnix18271WcmS5D9WjOScKpzXXaxs8S6BdQ+Kr17aztwXIYAFfoPWrpYdxV2dGKxk8RrNFb4NfCHQ/B+qXFrptrb2SaafJR2hVHuxj75bGc/jXrFhpsQ2t5ablGMg1y3gdl+IPgqGS5t2tLiIBUuCuHkUdGI+mK2Bb3/hqxCwgahE3PmyH5vyrRuzsebsbjSbYvLFILMJHWfpuuQzxr57LA/fecCtIOXPrHjhu1TqLcFGelSrjvSeVsHFRyFqkoV1waQIHPNIrZpaAHeWNuKgWyCt1zVkNmklXaaa3HHcy9fK2dss537oz91VyDUU+iQXDRX8C+XOyZbA/1mOmfpWndqbmAxA4yOaoaXNO8bBwP3JO0npj3NXcLW1JbS+aZE87akjDOM9ao+J/FX9nxx29qn2i/mHyRjlV92PY1R8TTyeKYZbXS9v2xTt88NxGPY9Kn8JeGZPDtisFxIZrwjdLdHl3PvVaCjqXPDGkPZ5nvFU30w+cg5x7VqEJDKrYAZTn6+1RwnZHkZctyWoYLJ1qWrj5WeXfFz9lrSfHdz/a+jY0PXIWMqyQjKXDekg4yPoR9a4Sw/aF1z9nfWbXQPGemXl7BdN+6vLWBpUQE4GSOF/E19GY/hqpq8VpeafJb6hDHNZsCzeaMIoHv61LQ4ruUvC/jTTfHMAbT72CYr1DuA34j1r5b/bQvpfi9+0/4a+Gl/eS2Phe10a48SX8IYr/askZ2JCwBBZQQGwDzuNbnxD8JaZ4b1y71XwbqGq2c6kyfZFh228rD/arxv45WPij4t+H9O17xJI/hHxfpnmNoXiTTo2ukhjYgiGcgYAyv3TjIJ5pamNSF5Xex8g/H/wAKeN/2t/2eNa+Jnh3w1onhvQfh9pMLDT9N1BtPvtJaJ/Nub14VTd+9iT5VL5IGcmv0h/4JT/GHV/ix+zk1vqt42rS+GNTfTUvHBDXcCxqY36nLYJzz1FfOf7Pn7N3xS8YeDvFfhjWfHHw5li+I8qP4n1L7O0eoahbiD7OsccW4CNfLyB8zD5jzX3X+zH+zn4c/Zj+FGm+HPDDNNaaegM1wSGa5lwA7nAAyx5/HrSjdLUwlFc/7uOh2mpeG7HU3zcWcTSdVl7pVKHTr/QpfllF5EOcs3IH0roWhW7j8zdtXqc01USNfkRf9/PNNu51alOz8WW97II9skLntIu0Vf4Kkq6nb12nIqpf2sd+v7+MS54LHqPesp/D9xouW0+aSaMsGZH4yO9CQS2N2SRmj64ppuI7WFpHkZAgyWHasxvEsSR7ZSsDf9NDtX8zV6SKLVbNovMXyZ02syHI/OrCO5wWqeINQ8UWX26TV38L6O07QQvEwDzODj5gegPrWhoWuav4Y1e3tNWuFv7O7XMF0Xyx9BxxzXP6/pun6z4WvNB8TwThY5vNikjjLAqGDLz68Vf0NE8fXFhBYeculaSAjyTLsLODlcVXs1YHoz0hFdFOdu7PQHpUvklRkuWz2Paqyt5E7scbz1xT0vDn5+naseVjHyDApIGCk0jTqw60kIBFAE4CkUxiE57ZxScLTJi0kWP8AazQBM3yrUYUyN7UH5mz2oeYR9KAJLxSWDD0ApY1Jjpiz+tO81qnlAes6oed34CntMpHf8qYsjDoV/E0vnbqVmAhbNdT4cOdGh/4F/wChGuXJBFdR4d/5A0P/AAL/ANCNceM+BeppHc4fXWH9r3X/AF2f/wBCNZNxLiSr3iByNZvP+u7/APoRqgV3GvXo/wANGZA0xMvFSeVuPNIsX+kCrKpuetAI1h8unKGJqaRRtp8CgCgBIcirUSgiqskDk/LzViBHjHzgipkwHSR80DrTyNwplSBJTWbBp1RnrUyAlRhU32XIzUMK4Gaf9obbis5ANaMK2O9AUihvnPvSF2X+Bm+lSA+imh89ePalVt1ADtnHFJikZ+KbuNAErLTelEb8U4kEUAIrbaduFRhsmloAe/3aaU49faljGBTmOBQBBISD/qmA9aQOFNTBmqGUhz71oAHj5u1OEvlLk/WodzKemQOwrk/iF45l0zU49Ps5lsw0DXM93InmC2RPvHG5eQOeuOOhoA7Bx9oTzPl2/wB4U7aoPJ3kccV4v8PNV/4WjYXOpeH/ABLfvqlvK4mXUAm3C/dJVRzvGCPavSvBHiKTxNpJaaSOS9s3EN2EGAH+lC3J5jaZ/SgvzSyjAplaEky8LTWfc1Z/inxXp/gvw3dapqt1DY6fZR+ZNNIflQdBx1JJIAAySSAASQK+PvjV+034g/aQ8TWfhjwXb6pZ6befuRbIwjutSZkIcSlW2rEFLAqW24BZz0CfE8Ycb4HIKaVa9StOyhTjrOTbstNbK/V77JN6H2vCHBeOz6pJ0rU6MLudSWkIpK710u7dOm7aWp6L8ff28bDwzFcaT4MaHVNQdHjbU/8Al3snDbfkUriY4DEEHZyhy4ytcL8Av2Sdc+N+q2fizxreXTaVeYm2XU8jX2qIoURkseViYcBt24qo2gBlcekfs0/sXWXw5/s/xB4k/wBM8SQ5lis9ytbWLnBXt88q4PzZ2gn5QSquaP7XH7bd18LPF9r4H8FeFdd8d+ObyEXMthpEQl/sqJn2K87lgi5YEYJBr4XLeEMz4grwzbjB+6taeHWkY7NOeur3vF3fRu3ur9AxPFGX5NSllHB6956TxD1lLdNQfRbWkrLqlf3n2nxj+INn+zr8AtaPhfTI9/hrTZXtrWJdwiKqzbiOrfNliTkk5JJJJryT9i/9mfw78S/g1pfxB8d29h478R+J4k1FrrVV+2parIikJEshIQKcjAHrWV4W/by0Kz1+HwX8Vvh34v8AhrdeIALPztat/Psrt5QVwZo3woOTx2o8MfBX4vfsZ211pXw11Hwr4s8BzzNLp+la5cTQXdoGxiJZYlYEYwRuPRhX7NhZUowVOilGMVZJKySWyS6JLZH4tmeDxarOtXvK7u5b3b3bfVvqS/tI+GLP9j/41/DjxJ4BQaPa+KNXGjal4esRtstT3xu3mrDnbHIm0HKjmvVf2gh4MurS6i8aWmm3Rs5QLZJoUZ7wDvkgk5+vevAPi/beMtK8a6R8R/ibDo914s0aPy/DHg3S5ppIrZnDo9wzMEeRtrtjJABxwQK7H4Rfsx6z8ZdatvH/AMRnvLZ5v3kGmM5Uw56Bh0NdS7nDSi9XNFPwf8HtX+OV5NDonh7Rfh14S37jPZWCWlxdoO3mRgE5HrX0f8MvAWn+D9BTTPDkSafBbxCB5wMPKR1O4c7j3NdBYaIDY29rDH5VkI8MicYrV0+0jsIUhhwI4uBxz+NTI1SW6PPvHPwwutPvf7Z8NxW1pf3S+Rd28cYVZVH8W0cZPOT3p2j/AAXWW3tb7XZjrGo2qrsikJeNsDA3qeGb1Pc16DegGYNu2n2p1xL59suOpOOKnnNFLoNslivbT5F2GEBAo6Y+lWQRFH6BeBisWdY/Dk3mKsrR3R3Od3CmthE8yMMPuMOvpWb3IaKWpabbarCUngjlRuo2jd+B9ayX8JTaZcB9Ov5QHG3yJ3Lg+wHSugigTr1PqKfnBHC5Q5BxQC0Mq08TNY2+y+haFgcGU/d/KtG2u472HdDIs699v8NNvNLivk/fDcPesi58Nrv/AOJfM0M6HcAW+VsdsUAbgnDOVMZTHc96NwbpWLL4pk02EPqcLW5yAZG+659q0LfUl1BPMi/1Z6NmrQWuWS20inSP5o6Hb3pmfKB3HccZ4qprOq23hXTH1C9k+z28A3OWPCD3oNYxsWZ7qGyQvJIscMYzJI3QCudN1/wsEhIVmtdJRzukVtv2kj0I7eo96rQ2l18Qys1zDNYaax3RWzH95IOz5/unqBXRW2lrpkm0YEe1QqrwBj29aURz2H2+nxaVEscEUMca9BGgXP1qaNNzE/3vvZqNXLsfrxTnLAf6tmHtVGUdytfrNaSq9sylEXHkjrIfapLK9iuZmWT5bhQGaMnkVNHHlOAV29j1pL3S47lGcqRIwwSvBoL5rD3G/gV5x8d5kOo+Fobua4i0+bUG+0hJCqyhF3KhHqT+lehzwyWdqvlI7BOuTzWF450qy8WeHGt7lN+7PlqOHjlPCsDRdE+Zj+NdN1K+SKDTU0//AEplZ4lgGIu2MdhXnHiX4P8AiTx5431DQBrcOl6bc2YhlbTN9rJbyK+/IKkDJHHINdX4P+GXjPwzavZx67o8a3AIknkjleUL3GSxAOPQCu68DeBbTwXYeWsr3U78yTs2TIfXNF+iK9pY8zh/Ye8Et4BsdH1O1vNQvbAbo9V88pdvJ3kaRNpYn3BHtWaP2afFnhRx/wAI/wCMJp4IBmGC+c26j2JiIQ/V0Oa96Z3UfNjb24qJoEuRznPbBrMzdS+x8/aH43+OXg7Xbwa9oel6po8cYFudPjN0znvuO6J/++Y2/Gr5/bVi8O6LNf69pU1jBboWkV43hbj2kRD+QNe4ldisW37sYHPyj8K8Lh8Cp8Yvid4iSS91e3s9PuvKuZIryRIi+OFAB70LccdyXwR/wUD8CeNdOs7m3kuUW+TfEgCSbh07Sbv/AB2u6039oPwxq1/b2f29rWa+YLCtxFJExYnAADqCcn0ryzxR+yR4b8W6/BZWNvp6wxHbeS3FlBNP5ueF81ozIM/71eS/Gf8AZ/j+DfxL0nWvD2ofutJvo7O5zZo6abcMcopIYEgkD8605TenDnfKfbN3b2t7D5VzHazjpiSMMf1rKvPBK28wl06aWBv7hc+Uv/Aelch4Z8TeJfEkt39j8QaRqlpGo2XEdp5YmbAJxyemcde1ZVj8Y9dbVb60t5/DN6LOMlit/JG0h5BUKYWG4d/mAo5orqH1atKDlTg3bsZ3xc/bV8HfAfXF0LxZqkN9q7jclhp9u97eFeuTAgygxn5ial/Z5/a88CfGDx3faLoeuRx3uWaXSbuJ4LqBgOhRwDx7A1+d+ufFzxX8Jfh74S8TaLeyWXifxzquq6V4/wBdXR/7Vm0COJotqbvMjaEKkjkMG6dB2rn/ABR8ItH+BH7VXxC1/QtW1e51Xw8vhSPSdW1G7uZLrU5Lpd1yg83J/eK2fkfAxzRGak7I8ucprV/cfs5H5YkOXXPcDtT52xESegGRXingP9oHWjYyf2n4Y1bUreBUL3llCXBygJIRQW4z6dq39G/ao8L66ssVv/bDSQvslSTSrhGj/wDHDWvKzopxbjdnqUSIsYJHUZr5n8O/tS+J7H9sC68M67cQ2vh6fUZdNgtXstrRg5FtIrAeYTIwjO5iUIlJAA2lfY7T45eHTa/aH1QW8a8EXFtLEf8Ax9RXyX+1L4ttNJ/abt/Fug6jY6t5n2PVI9o3RRSw4jEbYYkg+QGPKnD47ZP5R4q5njcrweFzPC1JRjTrQc0nZSg73UkmnJXSXL1vfpdfqfhZleCzPGYrLcTTjJ1KM1BtXcZq1nFtNRdm3zdLW62f3NShiKyrHxlpWpqottStZuNx2nnn26j8atXerQ6fbedJcQx2+cGSSRU59ACQT+FfqR+YE1/qEOl2rXFzcR28Cqcs44zXKx/Eu7uD51t4a1HULMcrPE4Czj+8M9qqfEjxRa6hZ2scP+kWv2iMzuPuw89G/CsDxJJ4/v8A4xaWdBuLO38F2ZE0snk/LeRnjykPZu9Tyiuj1Dwx4ks/Fel/aIXG0MVZO6MOqn3FXpUIX5elcr4P8u38R6p5ELRQeUHA7byea6cz+Yo+lS9xj0DMvCofqM08I2OcD6DFLbuAtDTbjUS3APMrrPDJzokP/Av/AEI1yBzXW+GP+QHD/wAC/wDQjXFi/g+ZpHc4HxA2davP+u7/APoRrPd8LxyfSrXiBsa9ef8AXxJ/6Eaq7z+HpXsUf4aMxkUjd42X3Jq3DKoqGOND/CKsBMD5RWgCj5m9qkVd1P8AK/cD+VOhGBzUtgKmVpRDt5G78TTi2OlORwKkAAwKay5NOJyaTcKAFprcc43e1OooAao3fMQUPoTTg2aCoPbmmJ96o5WBIoyaeSQOKYH2ikEuTS5QEfLUWvDHNPV8mhvl6VPKAw/6xqWiipAD0pYm/dmkpX+9QA2A/NVmoIhipXk20AOpjNuppn301pcVSRaVhxbbTGGfrSK26kfpWiQpCj5ge39a5Dxro11Y+IYdWtbX+0LZrZ7S6s1XL7H4b9M12JkBjHt1pvkiQc+ucVJJ4zqeiaLL4tiutHj1S1uIW8x9PSxltxM6xMiZkYKDglTgAg4613HwzsZ7GzuJ9TX7PrGqzCeeEDaAQMYHautMZiDbDsDdQB96orjTo9RtfJcDap/dg9ENAtSZ3CnvXBfHH9ozw/8AArTG/tCb7Tq80Bms9Niz5txztBZsERpnPzN1CvtDFdtec/tJftmw/C25u/DPhhYb7W4UaO4viwaHTZcgbQuCJJFG7IJCo20HcQyDzv4Cfsoa18bL+28X+NLy6l0i5PmlLieR77UwoUJljysTDjdu3FV+UAMrj8o4g8QMRXxjyLhWCrYnaU3/AA6Wtm29m180np7zvE/VeH+AcPQwazzimbo4beMF/Eq6XSS3SfybWvuq0jDs9O8eftyfEK1uLtfsul2uYWuY4HXT9NUBTIEBJ3StlTt3FmyuSqKCv1N8FPgDoXwO0CK3sYYZtQ8oi71WWICe5LbSwzyVjyq4QHA2gnLZY9FpulaP8N/Clrp1hEun6ZYpsit41+73AGeWLEkknJJJJJJJr5t/aA+Lnjv49/HC1+F/w1vINHSGxi1DWdYuYfNXTlk3lIhHnl2VGOMcceterwh4fYfK6jzLHz+sYyesqktbOyuoJ7JWsna9tNF7q8njLxAxGY045dgI+wwcNI046XSvZytu3e7V7X11ep9C614gl8RyjS7RXEe4M92vCx4P3c+pr8vvjnax+FPh58btN1m98U6d8SdR+IdtZ6U+napc6fcXlndmOKC6Cx/PLbrtkJYDGVPzdq+vtU/Zj+M/gLRV1Dwf8Yr7XL+zOW0rWtJh+w3OAWKphQ0QOMcetN8N+HfA/wDwUo+CllqXjzwZYSa/pc02m38V27j+yrhDiREkG11TgEDcOua++rUXJe6fI5PmlKkpYaqnyy6rc/Pv9uL4H+KtF1TxpJqy61rniu+1G2TQdZufFvnWt7YhI1git7MSPJ53L5ZkB45r9BPCHxx1P4N/ALwxpd6w8S+PZNOhVYLb5zbsEC/Ov94EEHOOleT+I/gp4M8KeO08G/Cjwtptt4i1pvstxrVuk0pXuQZ5mcpjnlSPrX0f+zP+y/ov7MVk8cLy3+u3Q3XV1IuSHPUA9+e9ZYejOD949TNMZSq4JYWDfLe9+pF+zr8GNTu3n8a+PYze+JLsn7PayjP2VP4RtPSvY9OsftqebdqyunCqDhAPpUmm6YdNsW3TO0sj7t5HPPNaWMQjjccc57123Z83KcpPUajeSg2/d7VKMFcimQQ+buHp2pIVKsR71DYuVD1y3X9acqLt9hzTZG2NUsQ/xrOW4wdFvbUxtjbjHIqhYxjQ9kEk2RIPkBJOK0n6celQhikXJ5AwvtTiBJ5ZjGFprAgVBBfsDsbLN61M7/5NHKA37Wsh2d6mDjZ/Dn1A5qF1aRfuqvuDzQsoxs709QI7uKO6hMco8xD2cZrB1L4eQXn72znuLW4U/LulOz8q3/mZwNtZniTxPFoZWMRtPM7BFSMbiCemcdBT6DUrFHUPGN74Ot0j1S2a8RV2/aIRgO3ZQOuf8Kq6BYHxxqn9o6hcRzwdI7M/KEx/fB4atfQtAng1GW9vX3X2dqIDlYAf7pq9qWhWeplWmTdKOQ4HKmkbKVy5tWGLAUpt4XPYe3tUbZc81lXYv9Hj3LNJdRL2k4IHsKZo/jK11q4+zt9pgnRSzCSPav4E0xT2NdWxThIoHv7Gop5lmtomVu3UdDRBCW+agx2J4+WqfZuWq1BmZfu80ctwHTyNARt/HJ4rMvdHsde1OIyGQyW/Rom2oc88irF5cJsYOQpcYBB6UmnWwtYwvmSSHOTxRyE8xLdWU8Bcxp5ozx64plnfxxowl/cuD9xhytXNuSp9BQ588fvDuHoajVEkSN5p+VsjG7rQzrj5aQwo827A4GKWKx8i737tysOhp9AC3kYyJ025Oa88tdS/sLQriKzhEuo61LuCxjlkyQZD9K7m81B9GsDO0W9QzZUDJNec+Gtf0v4XeD4NS1F7172+VnBEOShJOFHtVQL6G+1vH8P/AA7b2NoDealdp+8xy8p/56j2WuL/AGjdNuNL/Z61yxtbIX/iC+sneDYmWecYKXBHcKR9a6rw74200aL/AG1JcTLeXPEUciYKE9FHsaki1OPStE1PWNSkg86aJ1EUjgeUxU4QfWqfY0pycPeR8SfHz9p/xDb+BPh98KfD+uDwxea5pl1e+JdWsY0N3Y2NoqSSiIkgLK6ucNnow9K+L/2mPGHgG90zSLH4afDfWp9V1WeVbHxPrGtXupavqdykau8NvFYSSiOYrIjZkdRgHgV9V/GT4D+CfFOl3vhjV/EK6D430O5urnRb7aLiFsIIvs80KkNJDMkkanfuXCZA4rx3Vf2YfE/hjwVNpfijSPg94o1nUL86jb+JL/xDPFdxu0IgwkEAV1/dADaGGAK8XEe09pZH3OD5HQg6E1Fp+8n1PL/2afghH8Yvi1qPhfxR43l8Oa/4ZubfXBFf7/sMs5YCe1uoXdN7xSIWO7OQVHNfZWv6B4d1Dxba6p4m8X+KvjV4s06WOLTl0rSdlro6j5cBBhWVVLY3Fscc1hfDn9njwP8AsT/DrT9Ys9T0nxH4o1W9ji1GOJB5U5cxtbQiJs/JEFZd+NxB+Yk19d2ni5Phz4et9SgtdSs/trIly0aRm1eVvuqAoyAa9LB0na7Pnc6o4aeJc6S0/UwfhJ+1hb3/AIZ1nS7vS77w1f6LAWuBqaLHIkG07pnQcAAAn8K4Tw3oXxa/a+0OPWPCFxpnwl8I3HmfYr17cX1/qUaHaJGG5RGsh+YA84xWV+1D4Uh8C+L9Jm1SS6dfiBp8+h6g5jOWlZXeBD/sBggz9a6D4GfthX37KPhbT/Avxc0rVLK+0OFbfT9VsbGS8ivYlAClyv8AEBtAA9K6pSs9TwsRUalZq0SLSPjb8TP2fvHejfD74paVpurWviZmt7DxHpaeTFcFeVV15w5wf4zyDwKs/tqatb6zoPhOO1sZNP8A7N89Z4pW3OHl2YH4CIk/7wrO+IvjzX/21PjF4NuLHwzqnhv4d+FdTS+t59XtjFd65eYk24QH5YwpfBP+znrXsH7WfhXTE/Z11JJrV7jWvta6jEyA7ll3gSuQvUCJpM5yAOe2R8T4j4FY/hbGUlvyOX/gDU+l/wCXbrsfW+GeZRwnE2Drx251H/wNOHX/ABb9Nyr8KvB2l/Gr4E+ErWTT7JZGtwtxJ5aSSRC3cxEltuf3mzcB26ZOMnV+Mnwu8Knwf/Zuj6JZyXFiRdPJMgKwJGCzHKbTuwOOfwrz/wDY6+IFzpnwqvdM0pRqGtNqwQ2sxYJBayIuHVumdyykAHg5JHIz7d8StE0/wV4Cls2lWC41q5jt3df9ZKXIB4+mR9Ca6eBcyWP4eweKbu3Tim9PiiuWW2m6enTYOOsu+o5/jMNayVSTS1+GT5o767Na9dzqdB8P2cXg3T9NuIxLCYCkjY+eQ9Mk+tZtt8JY9NnVbTU9Yt7GIfu4ROoCe4YLuH/fVdhDB5ECodvyjovIpQ4QYr6k+S6lXS9It9FsmtrVFCNy5xyxPUk+vvViEqh206STanygE+9NEbMMng+gqHuWT5G3im7NxpI0206kA4W7Ka6vwzxosP1b/wBCNcg7m2x33cV1/hn/AJAsP1b/ANCNcOMXuL1NKZ554gGdcvP+viT/ANCNVFizV/XF/wCJ5ef9d3/9CNRRR16tH4EY31GQW9WY8RDmnxgAUSDIrS/QoSCMxTeYT8vpU0mHG4cVCJNgpyTbj0O36VD3AWjFOI2GnKQaAI6XYacy7qN4oAarbaPvtQyZNCnBoAfRSBtxpWODzQA1wc0zaQ9S54pAc0AIr5p2c0BRSN92pkABsmnFcVGn3qmxlajlQDKR22CnH5DSf62oAbHNk09zlsVHLa7W4qIAvPnOKqIEz/uqasu8fxflTnG09c0ea5H3jirsyk0Opr9KcOlNfpVhIYqsWqVfloTFc38T/i1oPwg8PSahrl9FbqEZ4bcMDcXhXAKxJkFjllB7LuBYgZNcuMxlDC0ZYjEzUIRV227JLzbNsLha2KrRw+Hg5Tk7JJXbfkkbWua9Y+G9MlvtSvLXT7OHHmT3MqxRR5IUZZiAMkgc9yK+RP2jv2xrz4ted4U8H211Dpt5P9la5j3G61dThRGkYG5EdiRt5ZwVB25ZDgeLPHfjz9tnxda6bY2Hk6Xaz/JBAH+x2W7ftluZecuEDAMQM7WCICxB+nPgR+zdoPwGspvsfn32qXsapc6jOo8wgAZSMD7kZYbtuSTxlm2rj8TxOcZvxtOWDyNuhgNp1mvenprGCdnbo7NO3xNJ8r/ZsLkuU8FQjjM7Sr47eFFP3Ya6Sm1fXqrpq/wptcy8/wD2a/2NYfhtd2viLxMYb7Woo1lt7HaGh06XJO4tkiSRRtwQAqtuI3EK49b1rWV+H1rNqMt0F0qEGW4jkYI0Y7mMEgE/jWvqviaDTFlg4u7zb+6t4vndvTcB0r5R/bZ0vU/iB8Z/hj4U8VXTaP4Q8TajILuUtiCYxoSlozdmlb5QvU4r9W4c4by/JMIsFl0OWO7e7k+rk+rf3LZJJJH5PxNxNmGd4t4zHy5pbLoortFdEvve7bd2dxoX7efwu8YePEttS8Z+HYbhZNsFrJcMYoypH32ClVY+hPrXI/EjXdS/ZP8A2kNU+J2l6LdeJPh744tbf+1rnTisstnPGNqSRrzvTBIJAPAr3a5/Zx+HqeB5NDbwr4dOjwxNH5KWUOCUGOSFzk9znI9a8X/YC1qHwp41+KngfTdV/tLwj4R1hIdMuhOWSFXUu9ur5yREdq8nuc17q8j5WpKomr6lnxR/wVQ8B32nC38F2fiDx14ku+LTTLXTpc7yCAJiUARQxGee1eUfC6Hx5o/gy88CwIf+E38aapNrviXaT5emyTYHlb+mRt9emK9H/ag+NuoT6hdaZ8KdLiudTt5Y11TV7S3XEO7OQ0m3qAPm544r079mr4bxeE/h+11Hdw6nrWtEXF/exsHAlxjbuHsKs66dNr3jU+DnwYtfgh4YhsLK3iu9SmAe6nbq7HqM/WvRrLTUhbdMN0hGeR09qbpum/YbIBpWaTqSBkVdCRsmZJJN3riobOjV7kN2+COCalyDEKkUrMu3acDoxHWo5bf5uDxU3QxLa4y2MVLIu48UKwQfdpIXbz2GOwPNJsBGTHvRD92pGeQDoo+hqPzMDHrUgSK26Oo3bNIj7FxRVRAGKhMgc0kcnm8YxTomy3FPkaM9N2/0xVARbSrVDEdtySQ2B6Crju32fhUPuTXOan4jl1l2tdHzK8p8qaZfu247kH1qdSZBrnipodS+yWK/aLt+GA+5F759aseFPDP9jSTXDTy3F3MctLIMMPap9D8NQ+GbXyoi0sx5klcYaQ+prREnmNxy3fIo3K5bkaIbe43t/Ear6rrEOg2kt3cTeVDCN5qbVb6HT7GSW5mSGGNNzu5wFHrXDRJN8WvEkErJt8N27fKve+YdVx6d6otKw7w9+0VoHivWzaD+0LedWwDc25iU+6k9a626gt9dj3yukq4IDxndwfpXmPxru/7dto00HT7W4m05yLi8uYi1vZRjgbcD52HQr2rJ8K3/AIl8M6Sbu1024U8AwLK8uny/7e7DOjH0IwPSqSRV7npdp4a1LRrt5bK6kvoY428m1m+VF9KXSPiFu+zw6pC1lesvzoi5iB/3qyfDXx2s3g/4m0Nxps6jZL5QFwiE+sikAD/eQGuktNX0rxVaxtFNaajCf4kfINGpFRaGrHqUbsMncG6GP5hTxIjP/GF9cc1jXmhyabe276fI1tHvz5A+6ao6r4wu9Lsbj7ZaTRzNlY/IQvuoszE2g9veSbvJdhG3UqeanWbb/qiye2Kq+HNZg1PSVNteR3TEfOgYblPcEVfCbmzjB9PSpe5SQ8PheeTTJZPwpIW+Y5FRzQG7bg7cUD5ULMSSNtDRsTnPSnsmVUf3acJPLaggq6xctFosrbtu0ZDelcL4VtYPHaafd3zyTabYwMEQr8kuTkMfpXX+O/3/AIU1Da21jCVT6njP4Zz+FcrcWAOl2fhbRpzbSW0SpKIeQkYA3KT6n0quhUTNb+zvGfidvOjt4dK0uQDzY2yXccrgUmtDS/iXr960lkG07SwWdmBAmlAyrVqan4O0zSLWHQ9IhSSeYbmJ4KL/ABFvQ+1S6xFa2OixeG9KfzpXHl3EyjlUPDZ98HpVLUu/Q8Gb9jDw58b/AIk3PjjV/D9tZK0a20c0c8kUj7P720ggVseFv2KfBesa4bu6hu76xtWP2OWS+uF8uQfeGBJjHvXtOrzrrVxF4f08ObVYljupo14VAPX14qDV7Zb63HhzQzGIYwDdSIf9Wp7/AFqeVdTWMpvZ2PHNJ/Yr8Bavq11qMWiAQaeJHtLmS4mLmcA5y27JA6jnnFUYfgp4i8eeFJG1zxTcwaNpAzafYbfyzPEvJLeYG+b3UCvedXiRVt/D9oJFztN5sX93Cgwd5P8AtYwfrUesiLxZcNomnEfYovkuGT/lgf8AnmPUGqpyUWDqTc+WOrPif9rX4Yy2XgDw98Q9LOpXFj4dniESXdzLKZULcytuJGRkjp3rrfFP7c/ii4tPB8PhrwynjDxZ4ns5Do2lS3Aghgjj2ebdXDEEIik7QSOcjmvU/wBqrwrN41+CWueB/D0by+TbMtyXXYtqikOVQ9/uivzqv9Zeyu/GOo614gPhbwzq/gxfB7eKbrTpr218NXMV1HI0MqQgsqzxKSCcAtGBmuPGz5Updz3Mlw8cQ5OsruPTufQvxP8A+CinxV/Zf17TfEfxP8F+BtUsXdoIrTwxrDX19bcDefLKsJCAAcK45UcCvpH9mn4x6N+3L8JNR8ZT2WraT4b1S1udMgN4kcM0ceZIjPjLhZGXOQwOK/KDSfH3g3UP2amttFl1vTfij4Ru7i18Kr4RtDbr4ohuHQi9uIkDHcI0ddrP/GMgE193f8E6vAXjPwt+yzbeAdXs73T7/wARapdaldwuSDZWss0rJhTwJGBDMvUZFefRlGs5UZK8WrNd09z0sXRUKCxajySi7r1Wx1H7Ania30j4mapZ3U1nbx3FgbmMysFkklicYjTJwco8hIwThM8AGvoXxloI8eXum6reBlQ6lavYx4+4Iy7s2PUrkf8AABXzFpOgxfDf9tG202b7PqFu+trCphlKqEuuEJJXqgmUsMdVIB/ir611vWT4g8daJpthCxgtZnlnlQfJE/lOAAfpu/76NfnXg3WnTymvlVV+9ha04bW0vf01k5aXdj6Txiowq5tQzWj8GJown31tb/0lR1srncxw/ZlVS2DGApApkj+ZJn7tSwz4Ei7fM3Hhm603yiDzX61dn5JLcYFIWjzMNUjn5ar4O6kIsxfNUuw1Fb8VOWxQaEarz83Ndf4ZOdEh/wCBf+hGuRrrfDP/ACA4P+Bf+hGuLHfAvU0pnDaxHu1u8/67v/6EajWLFWNXONZuv+u7/wDoRqEPzXo0vgRjrcTBBpM0srFe1MCh/vI5+hrW5RMp4zTmlCim48uPoVHvSTRB4sg5pAPC7uaHTbTUl+XbTo3+0HFADXm2AUBN/NE1uH/CnRvsXaaAFSTApTErnrUcuAflNCj8aAHKuyT2pZVEkmQaF3AfeQexFLuyOcfhQA0/IKb9oY9qkooAagzzTqMYNFADE+9UuGx0puMGnLuB+VgPrzUyH1A/ItNAyaVmyPehPvVHKipIUnYuOtQmLePSpXPzUMdzUxdSu0ZiHrRHI3pU6qAaSU5q0xSirjPPKnpShi4pVxivFP2r/wBq+H4O2Mmh6HJFceKbhOTgPHpaMMh3HQyEHKoeMYZuNqv4+fZ9gsmwU8fj58sI/e30jFdW+i+bsk2vXyHIcbnGNhgMBDmnL7kuspPol1fyV20jo/2hf2ldJ/Z/0uBZo/7T1m8w1vp8cvlsY84Mjtg7E4IBwSzDAGAxX5k8C/DXxd+2z8Qr/W9UvvsdjFmOW+aEtBbYBKW0Ee4ZxnJG7gEsxLMN+/8AA39l7xF+0B4vXxd46a6Gk6hi9LSuFuNWzwqqF5jiwBzhfk2CMYIZfr2wtINItIbO1hht7e3RYooYkCJGijAVQOAAAAAOBX5Jh8nzPjeusfnSlRwEXenR2lUVtJzas0n08r8lr88v1bFZxl3BNB4HJnGtj5K1StvGm76xgndNrr525r25I4Pw3+G2lfCLwlb6Lo9uIrOH5mYndLcSEDdJI38TnA56AAAAKABQ+LXxZt/AGgTTG7s7GaCMyvcXcqxwafEPvSyseAo4H4ir2veIzdzvYaMwa+VtkpPzCBe4Pvivnb/gpN4K0+P9nzQ9H1SS6bQvEHjDSbLxBcIwybFp1LqzEEhNwTOMfWv2aOHpYXDxoYeKjCKSSSsklskj8nw9apjcZ7TEScpTbcm3dtvdtmRaf8FQ/hT4R1C4FjB428UpD811rOheH7jU7CNv4iZ0IVVBr1fS/Efwq/4KH/CK5tbK+/t3TYWyRaM8F1YzYDZBf5kcZHTpXyhq3g/xb4r+IPxY+E1l40s7/QPD/hWz1fRdKKQeHbCaaeZnjV7iArcMixxYbYwJ3ivB/wDglB4n1r4bf8FGovB9rfeHdTsNF0OWDV77Qpbh7a4DYkkDGViWaNyqbz8xrjo4qcpWkz1sTleGr05pRcXHr/S/U+8L79i7xJaQxaFe/HbxkfDM2UFhmFbjy+hj+1Y80DHDc1ka3o+meEBB8H/hLbrawtk6vqfnfadq/wDLQNL95pGB+8TXpH7SXxKvvhxoVxPZwrdeIddlNnp1tt3FIzkGTH0K1i/Af9je38D+F5tY1G/kh8f60PO+2K5VoSeCgI5CnjIzg17GiSaPj4YeMUdN4D8PRfAHw/aeH9CW2mtMDc9xH5s00X8bO3Vj15NX9MubTQ/ijbQeF5xLBrJEuoW45URdA6DooyCPwrHfxHrvw50t9M1PRZpvEBbyra8Kgw3Sngsq+ld18Jvh9P4Yt/t15HGdQv4wbvC4NuQSdo9Bz0FVpa5p5HcRrsj2hSi54VuTUyN8vT86ggcRjAOQTwSamUk/T1rJuwDnO4UJFtoVd1Czs3FQA+kKqR1waPvLTfs4fknkUAI3y1FI2WFOZtzYpRACaAI3+Z6c74XFK6eXSAZ5HX0qogNXISi4uorSKRpHCLGu4se1NuryOys57if90kIJMjH5VAHWsEKfHtsrPut9OByIc4kk/wBrP909hRqBHevcfEDMFpN5OjA/vZBw0vqFPat7RtNj0i2WC1iMdvH3P3mPqTU1tCtlarDEipGowAowP/11Is5jHAzUgMjl3ynP60ssYWVCxwOnFISGGf4s9K5L4k+LbuIDS9HZZ9ZuztUAZEMZ4Yke1WlYI7kHi+5j+IXiWPQIkkOm2xabU5lbhguNsQPYk8/QVmfE34i/8I1d2vhbRowbyZQryRj5bKMjh2q1qV//AMKd+HFzJBi81GMhLmYc/vT0cj+6B2qPSdA0/wAGfD67u5LiG4u9Qj864vWIm2BucDGTx6CnHc6GtCvbJa+Lr3SrPTvtE9hZy75JbaQoTNj5yx7jNegWVjCkbKI8bMABua5z4S+El8NaabjzVY3fzAKNuFPIbHvXVugWQfMPwqzM5nW/hBoes3kly1lFazyA5urNBFc7vUsOGHqGBzXnXjD4QeJPDlpINDmtrubeHFzbOmn3aIOu8KBC7exHNe0ylQPv/rSRIGTj5m9fWglz6Hknwj+Lmtf2nd6TrNtql9FZxDy7q8sxaTs+eUwuI3HfemB2r0LSNX07xJf/AGht0NxGMeVI3SoPFuj2usBbK4jbddHaWhOxx+NcX8XvhBqOqWOlyWF99ns9HkM08QmeGa6XGNvmJ8wNMmOp3niLwVZeIvLZna1eNiyfZm8vn1bHWs+yk1/w1MY326np6HgxLh/xJ9K84+Gvxk1m416bSFtLuextBukbUoTbz49EkB2OPQsAT3NeraH4wtdeQfvJIZc48mWMxscfoR7g80DtYl07xpaX98sa3UUUrA4gYfMvtWt87c/niq2oeH7TVPlmtQjN/HGArD8ay207VPDELJZ3CyR7hiKQbnx6ZrMhs6Bsr2prtisvTvEtvcSLHeP9hu9xTypDyT6Votvb0Po46CgEjj/jprbaB8MdQnQM0gXCAdWJYAD8yKfbD/hC/CPnFQ2r3yoJBj5jKQMP/ujuKn+JltDq+l6dZS7ViuLtCzN0Ox1f9dtT6NjxJePrNyU+ywqxt0x1QdT+lV0KMzT1Hw98NzXt7KtzrF7IFuCv/LaY8K0Y/hUcZFSXTf8ACHeGmvJQkmsX8ipIFHSRuAQPTpUWjqfF2rz61fPGLC0bFlx8uz3Hc571Jpt82vX95q13tksdPyYsDhsDIb8KpbgtCPUUbwVoEWn2J/4nGosdkjc7XPJz7e1WLZJvhv4WSOzh+1atqTFUOMkynk59uvFUvDsAuTdeItWm2yEYt1PSADo5Hoan0CH+0tSm8U6lK1tGo8uJGPyx7f8Alpj3olqrFqRaMX/CK+ETbxTrJqGqMUV25YSN99fXC8/lWdJdQ+AdDh021uI31K8whkA5mJ43j6e9WdE1L+3bmXxNeL5cUBMdohGFyOC2P9oH9ak0awhhuLzXdXiXDkm1Uj/UxY+Zf970NYyvysc5Xkl3Phn4+f8ABXPwr+zn418S+GdH8L654g8R6XJNp1892UhtpLtCwLq6MzMownymNQa85+CPx40r4V6P400TUYF/sjxFawXcU08fnLqHmwxSqY4+d7YfgNx1rxv/AIK3+Bv+EO/bF1PWVtfsdp4xgTVbMFcAllKSfj+7jb/tpSfs7eN7GPUvh54s8SbZfDvhm5jtNUBjLjyrfhTtAJ6Sr26Y9K/MuH+IMZXzerhMV8K2R/QnHHA2XZbwTheIMqT9pO3M73trb8D7K8H2/j3Q/DEl98Ov2Z/Dmm2Uluri5vJra31q8zgmSOIIOG6gFxXqX7M/7QOm/EhdT0L+y9V8M+P4dkN7o+pqFudNyM+eQOSh4xhiPmFe/wDhLx3oXjTwhbXel6nZ3mnXVukkbx3CgLERlVIJ+XA9cV8y2/iLSfix/wAFHG8TeHPLm8O+D9Bktdc1O2iKw3MxaIxxF8YZgokHU9BX6dShFa2sz+c8Xja85+/O5g/tseB2+HfxS0jULMtDNfWSSy3UUx3vdRuQWAzlCE8nBAA7jJ3V9S+HI7K913wwdFulbSp9Oa7SRgRJcLIqsGO4AjK4OCAeTXhX7bnhttb+F2g+MNQjuLTVbm+FutuSNkcMkbsFIxncvkrzn+I9eMdP+w/dXXiG3tdSurwXz22nxWTBWXFrHG80cURVfusEQE55KshOc5P49wu1l/HGaZdH4a0YVlturc3bVym3s20rt9/2DihyzHgfLMyesqMp0Xvs78vfRRhFbpJuyXb6RtLeMQq0ZyAOp70kqszdPl9adb3ABCcfKMVGw2DOT9K/Xdbn4+MaPNMEWDUolz2pynIplcpHs2CnRfvz6Yp7cKKjxlvSpbKJcZOPTvXWeG+NFh/4F/6Ea5ZV8xcGuq8Ors0eEf73/oRrixnwfMunucRrvOq3X/XZ/wD0I1Vji53Vb1gZ1e69PPf/ANCNQSKcfLwPWvUpfw0RLRjjMAvNI9wNnH6VU1HVIdH02a4upLeG1txmWaZ9oQeuail1qy0rSP7Rn1Cwt7BE85ruScLbqnqzngCiUrBG7Ln2gx9WyPTFSxvlsdDjOK5TUvjd4M0DRbHU9Q8VeHIrXWLoWFlML9DHdTltqxRNnDSEn7uawE/a2+Hd/c+IfL8V6O0nhS+t9K1hRP8ANYXE7BIUcYyC7kKPUnFT7ZFcrR6WibWPvRCDbljUDK0cxHzJMMfuiPvA85p/mlRlztXsT0bHUA+tP2kWLlYW05nlNSMfP9sVgah8StB8P+NNJ0O61KwstV8QEnTbOeXZPeYBJ2L3AA5/CuhEDRSOdku1Sd2VOQe/4Uc0Q5WMS1460KQrVIjAmmOQj5Ch/rVbiH01lyaUy7+232FLVANjp1FJu5oAWiigtigAophO40+grQAMmnqu2o2bFN8/BqOVj6EjpxTAnvQXZ6cowKfKKI0p70RpjpzQTubFfN/7Xf7Xf/CKG68KeE7r/iacxahqETf8ePYxREf8tezMPudB8+Snz/FHE2ByLASx2OlZLRJbyl0jFdW/uS1dkj6LhrhrG55jY4HAxu3q29orrKT6Jfe3orth+19+11/wi5uvCnhW6/4mnMWoahE3/Hj2MUZH/LXszD7nQfPkpj/syfsO3BvrPxD42t4hbBFnttHcEuz5OPtKkYAAAby+SS2HxtZG1P2R/wBkf/hE5LTxV4stcanxLp9hMP8Ajy7iWQf89e6qfudT8+An0ZqNzDpWnG4nuHhVSSxHp7V+a8P8JYviHFx4j4qj50aH2YR3Tkurejae/wBpbRj+iZ9xZhMgwkuHuF5eVWuvinLZqL6JapNbfZe8pPvrlLaFpZZBHHENzk8YH1rl9fbUfHUSrpl2thZScyTPFlnTuq+5HftUkVz/AMLBnZ5Vkj0dcDY64a4I9R6d66a1tVW2ihijhWKEYQE42D2r9oPxmUWtWeffEX4t+C/2XvATX2uX0WlWkeFgNw5a6mckAIoALSvlh2+teC/GD9tDwX8VfhbqGl+Pfhp8Qh4A1yIRXmr6hooWzVdwKzNh8ooIHIXrirXx/Sxu/wDgpB8PR4rdptCg0S5l0kTcW014XCtvboGEYBAr6Y8YTaOfDV4fEDWP9mhMXQuiscCp3+Y4qXTUlaRxxxU4VOaDs1sfBOo/8EaNH+Nfhq+vtC+MWuz+EfFNrDDOslnDqEs9rGyvFAJ3YvsXAARuAMivRfg9+zX8Lf8AgmTpkykTM9yBI91MTJeag+CAi5OIowCBtGQTj0rQ/wCCaus3Fj8OvHUtnmDwlaeKL240jzzsR7bJHftnGPpVD4O+E9X/AG0Pj5d+IPFemw3Hhrw/cstrDIx8u4ZGK4+lYfVacXdHtU84xE6Tg3uepfAXwJqvxB8cz/ELxUomW4iMWiacw2/Zk/vtng5G3t2r3OIFLZWngUTt05zsqtpUXnzgRJ5cFoBFGuMCNRwFHsK0pY/MO7r9a3W1jztnYb9lWSZWZI5iPutIu4r9CelLcRFV4P3uSf8AGljJVackzA8puHvRzDKc9jNHArQXKR7Du2sm7n61PYXay/KwZG7k9CakefJ4iB9u1CjefmUY/u0nuAXUJd8Jn3IPWrEK7E9+9ZaamNJukjnaVvNyQSvA9Oa0FYhN27dn05pASMcmmOu45pN5pyBtvRPxNAEUnzYNKihhnPSmzriFPXcc05I2T7qhh3zTW4EcgeQ8cHtmsrxF4sg8J2pkuW3tuCCKMZeUn09PrU+t+I/7OBjhVZrpuEhHIz7+lZuh+FFe+OoagPtWoSHOxvuW3sp7irAgg0S88YzrNqu6OzX5rayRuUHbe38X5V00Folt5aqAijjaBUkZazb52Dbuc+tRynzJM+lAE07jbgVHECp+tMYMwqDU9Xi0bSrm6uCFhto2kdn4VQATkntQBQ8eeJU8I2Ebr++vZ2EcMCnkseA30B61kaTpH/CA2Gpa1qs8Z1a4JMsmPkRyOET68dKz/h1qlt8QLtdeuLizlDwvJYtHKHxD/Ex9MYohdfi7rsY3w3Gg6SySZR9y3lwGwM4/hCndkd1FCFFO5Cvw5l+I2rR6/PcXGnpPCq6dbAbhajHzmVTw5ZuRkcCuc8Ufs+6nZrNe2F9ci7t/nV9OleEMf+vTIhY/Q5Ne13UhHmbAq+YwO1e1NZw4VXjDlTkZpHSkzyfw38aL1Z/7PvLCe/1GGNVe2jTyL3A/i8jHOfY12/gn4h6d4zilaykceQQkglTa0T9CpHqDWn4i8K6b4ltPI1KwtriPsrRhgv044/CuY0f4T2/w/wBLuLfQ4mCsTM0csxfHfhj+gppkSudddWjPIC5BVu44oMS2nfH414jb/GzxT4c8R3MN3YwtZh8Qw3sckRuF9Y5TiMH0B612tl8btI1g21hOJ9N1S5w62t4Nsm3uQw+Uj3BrQyjC7O2NmssiSFfmU5DZrgPjB8WLXStZttE+z3c73GD+6U4Oc8Z9eM49CPWuw8W+JoPCnhSa8O2fy0AhER3pK54CgjrntXnfwZ0+4+Iuv/2/cSSJDbTGYoRwlyeqj2VDGo/3az5jRaHf+FvBdraeHmilRJmuUDGXbtdQf4fXiodR+Fy3UBS3uG8vO7YXIYY/ut2ro2KhWVcklic4pHOxKOZrYmRyVrFqPgydYvMZxKpZVbMuxe+Wqnp3xwhudRuIZNK1aGGxcwtqSwebbO3fBB9QR7EV2F/ew2GhX1w3+qitnklDjGQMZx+dcV4T8H/8Id8M4JpIIorw2csl1z1lfc8hJ/32Y1PNfcye517WVp4v0vcVSSCaMMJV+VznuD2NZUHgefw7a3R0y9lCumNs5LkfSrfw2sDaeAtJEiCMyQrIUB+4T2rcunyOaFsWeKfGy2vUv/C9nc+fZxSXhM1xETMZFx02jG3611yTWnjPbo2kkx6dakCacTfMxHbaORmovilrgsPGenW6AS3shDRRf89O3Pt71i+IvDbeB9HjttGH2TWrxwu6E5+0Ix+aRz2YZrZdwOj1O2TV7j+xNP8A9HsrX5ZnzuAx2/GmX+mR6wItH0/dHp1v8tzJv6+qn6isNtVu/hVpEun3afarq86zp88s2eN5A7ir9rrlrpfgmHTtOmDavqLqjrMdjzKThpSPVasDZktofiFOLdI2j02xUIzg7RNt42/h60agi+Oc6bGuNNgASUpx54HG0HsR61Y1a0+w6Kuh6ZLtuJl2uRwUPd/xqLWXuPCOj2+h6THvvLn70veFj1b8az8gITNH4m1CPSYV8ux0sK80o+5Ko6KPcY5PtTZb9vHutyrE3l6VpFwp8zGVlZcEEDuvrVjVYl8K6BDodqpe91IkZA+6x5c/iM1BrLJ4f0aw0LSI8S3CfvFHVVzzml1uOPxXZ8Df8F3Ph3/wlPgfw34wsLUfZPCs72FxcAcOJ8dPQBkUAejV8lfsAfEC08LfFa0g1WKK70i1vVvZ7eUBo5E4jwVPByzp+Q9K/VX/AIKB/Dm38bfse+JPB1vEt5cTWi3yw4zsMEiyF/qQpFfin8DNXe1+IWnMFTE0iLJGxwrqsqyY/EoPzr8V4hj/AGdxLSr0/hm1c/rngOtHO/DTG5fX1lRTa9Er/wCf3H3xN8Gvh748/aYvNA8N/DPVfEV4p+03WlaXqB07TbcsetxMGXYGznCDPBr6L1i68V/sseCLa5b4SaLpngXR2a7vrPwvqXnzhQpy0omjQykAdnJrzv8AYt+K2lfs6ftE+MdD8eNZaLN49+yazpmpSSDy7vfG6mAMf7hHHThs19P/AB4/as8CfCX4aahdatrenMZYmWGzhkEk19kcIidW3dD7E1+0c12mup/GHI1N8zszlPiZ4qsf2rf2VrzxJ4bk26SNKXVrRpmKkqrLLJG6gHDqkTDGTyRyOoyv+Cb2oC98P+JbMJsbT7qG5L7s+aJVZcYxxt8knOed56Y5yf2FPg1rWifspaf4b1pJLD/hLHutZuLPLKbOzuHYrD/eXcN/A7Gsz/gnlr9x4Z+MeuaFeTLYrfWD77SdRHLJcwyLhQGG7eqNOSo7BiR8vH5DxVF4HjjKswb92rGdJ/K7itdF701s7uzXr+2cKXxnA+aZe/ipShVXzaUnpq/dg1qrK6+X2NgB93c0SbpBmkTk+9WEwF+bpX6y5H5PqQqcL0pyHiphbh+nSkWLasn04ougjsMpydaFTA5p6rmpbGITmuq8Nf8AIFh/4F/6Ea5kR+1dP4dGNHh/4F/6Ea4sX8HzLp7nEawCdduMfd858/8AfRpki4jwKl1cMNXuvTzn/wDQjVYs3Tp9K9Sj/DiQfL//AAWJgN3/AME6fiPBGw+eCKKT5sZDXECkf+PV8CL8YvF3iH4TW/7EN01xB4wbxoukXt5CxaVvDiiW8a5HrmHanpnjNfrx8W/hNoXxk8A3Xh/xDYRajo19hrqAuyGVwQVyVIzyAcHjgZFcvafskfDyw/aK/wCFpx+HbCL4g/2YmlDW9n75bYKV8v0+6SOnes567FxaR+VHwu8cL8I/+CdPwxt7a20PVLeD4/x6PEb+IXJjUXsqJLGX+WJ1O1srkkgA10eiXnlfEf8AaykDhZP+FweEp5ESYj521mEDkH5Tg8Y9q/Ryx/YE+Ekfw3s/CX/CIaZ/YOn+IR4ot7R1OI9QEvm+evPUvg/hWjb/ALFfw1guPE10PDOlx3PjHUbTVNYcqc393aSrLbztz99HRSPcVjyM154s/Orx3/wUX/aC+NHx8+K9n8PrPxmLf4aeIJdGs9G0nQbe/sbvyMZN9dXMvnQ7lBIKDacivS/iX+0V8e/i5+15418C+F/Gdl8N7bQfAdn4uuYH0iG/nsZwn76FGkkICOcqSoJwxINfT/xE/wCCZPwO+LXxMvvGGt+CrObxDqUiyXl0tzNCb0jHMqo4Rj8o5K546132mfsueA7bxZq3iG20Gwi1jVtJ/sO6ul3GSWxAOIGJJyoyaPZSC8T4e+AH7cmp/HTwh+yb8Qden8OQ3WvaZ4mOqXraYkzLJa2EjeZEzuroMx8qCecV5/8AAD/gpB8TZ/2x/hdFB4w8WeLfBXxR15tJabXPDtppVmVVSxFqYWLPg8b26gV+hfgj9iT4YeAPC3hLS9M8K6RZ6f4JS6j0S3CtssRdKyXBXnrIrEH2Ncv8K/8AgmL8DPg34v0zWPDvw70HSdV0eYzaddpGwbT2yxBj5772znPanTpyvqKTVtD6CmkiWaTb/eIP51Csv7zA6Gm+QhPA78sf4j61JDEN+cY+ldcVZGMtxzfK2KkpJFBbNIX5qhxHU0jaeetO2Mw+XrSH0b71TzDauJ5lDil2g0TDatUQMpweq/mjNTqu4UAPWNSOaXyU25FNaLnikkHkkDPWkAqfMvFIJdvp+Brn9a8bmw1aTT7G0+2XkSCR1MgjjjU9CWPSvPPjl+0fqnwP8LebqGi6f/al8DHp6xXIkjdsZLv0kCqCCQvcqMru3DgzTNMNl2EqY7GS5acFdvy/VvZLq9DvyvLcTmGLp4LCR5qk3ZL+tkt2+i1MH9tP9pqb4d2SeGvDt5FHrd8hN9PE587TYiBtC4GFkkBJBzuRRkAFkYUP2RP2RP8AhFRa+LPFlqf7U4l0/T5F/wCPHuJZQf8Alr3VT9zqfnwE4f8AY/8A2ef+Fs69ceLvFMNzeadDP5kC3XzJqs5Zi7yFjudVYc5GHYkEna6n601zxHBojLGrG4u5x+7hT+KvyHhPJ8RxPj/9bM8han/zD0m7qMV9tq2rbSafV+9ayhb9Z4szjD8NYD/VXJJ3qP8A3iqlZyb+wnfRJNprovdvdzvb1XW7HQ7A3d4f3cfIH8Tn0ArnNL0258aXjajqRaLTs5t7X+F/94dqde+D21q9gn1KaSV4m3AR8RR+xB5zWt4g1b+wdHknUeaUTCJ24r9q5ep+MRmky9LKoXf5aqFXaEB6AdK8o/aO/az8N/s7W1quoW+paprd8AbHSdMhE9zc7jhSy5G1SeM12Nl4g1WGGO4vLCGTzHXbHEcPgkdieePSvkfxF8S9I+Cf/BRzUPF3jIJJoPijSLaz0fWrmVhDo8iMVa2feAsZYKXA4qXUghYzn9nezt3RJ+0B8Zdd+KfghP8AhZX7OniH/hGIZDcJc6ffrPqOiysQTOFTmPAHPbmrnwz/AGUPDnx5+GOnXtn8X/Hfi/wPqi7Y9JuryOe3AB/1czcPgEcj1Ar6G+IX7UngD4f+BrvV9T8YeHP7Nhj+VlvreT7ScZEaAMcs3QAZOa+QPgF8Sda+EngrxN4i0TRY4G+KHiaVvC2hzbw0Vq3WZ0OGTeQTggVpHVXR5kKMm02er/E6P7ddaT8JfAKrZaWhVL+W1/5Ypj/61fQ3gPwra/DrQbLQ9HhXyLaNfNOMbpMfM31Jrj/2bPgP/wAKj0eTUbnzdQ8Q6z+9vJTjMQb5vL+ingV6xp2ljTJGdd5L8kt0+gpOKPRlZRSNFP8AUqCAOKaXCnHaojMWagnNIoeRhuOlTZDJUSnbQxwKzAdtx92myZ280gmang7hywb2HWgCG7gjvIdssjkYwAB0qvpdlJppwrM0fYHtV3DA/IppVMg+9QApXcM9zUaxgvk09XyaSZlG7nAQbmPoKAFuBvtl2/fzWF4j8ZjSXt7ODfNeXT7ERRnB/wBr0FQy+KZfFMktvouDCvyyXf8AzzPfHvWloGgRaRG06/vr5hh7iXl2/LjFAFbw94T/ALELXFxJ51/dHc8ucn3FX9RuJNOsmMEXmS9lbpU5QB84wfai6fzEx/Fn9KcdwOVj1O+1LxDaidWiVUJZU5XNdQi7n46U2O3W3lJTqeOlSopXnGaepOpFcEoD8xjCjJIHWvnf9tX9oTT7LW9G+Htvdypb6tdRp4jvIlLrY23DhZCM7d+Npz2avQP2oP2iov2e/B1rdW9mNb1vVpTa6Vp+7/j7nPATjnqRWP8As3fs5p8PdO1bVtc/4nPiLxm32vVbq4Hy5Y5EQ77VX5R3qfM0j5mjpPwn8Lf2Gup+CtYh0nTrW1ZY4rUCS28sjlCWHAP51518EfGniHxXbrfaFpLaLZz6rLa75ZDeWs8Ee794I5D8hYqAChxzmu88Sfsd6BqF3NJod9qnhtLl991Dp5URXQ7q24E4I4r0rwv4XtPCfhiz0uxt0t7Gzi8mOEDovv71Udh3S2GWHiRJJmt5I9sqHbvXkMfrWhDced3B+hzWdreii8sDDBvtW27Ve3+8p9ee9Zt3pWo6NEVtpHlDKo82P+Drkt79P1rQFVOrj/efWmTDyT7ZrBfxHPZafEZoiJXO0rHww/2jn1q9perrqOIg++Yjd5TfeAHU/qKm1iXUuLrOhWut2UiXFtDdJLyQ/Y15zqPwBikFzLYvLiRsmznlPknjt3UD2r0FdRa81owwJs2qHOOmDnB/Q/lVf4h+LoPBfhmfUbjY32dOU6GRm/dhR/vFwv8AwKjULs8P13w1qiXMGjDU9S0y4tZd9vYRTG4tmfgxyAsNyBeoDeua928FeFIfBXhSz0+FvM2oHmc9ZJSBvY+5PNee/A6G78ReItb13UoVa5FwMgj5Um2KDGn+xGu1B3yGr1SEfJwNoPJHvTkPVgYsHiR/pjikW3I+ZulWIpsH7iv9aa373O0YwcEDtUepMrnJfF2R5tAstKhJ8/V9QhtlUd0LBpc/9slk/MU74uXWPD0enR/8fGvTLYxD1Dtz/wCQw1Mt7geLPjBtCSFPDdsBhfuyTTpnP1EZwf8AfFQ6jZT+KPi3Yc4h0G38xW67bklgp/4Cuc/74qRcqOss40ghjjj/ANWgAT6VNP8AMvNMNv5YAjGI14UegoGZOD+fpTjuM4W604XnxrmvbiCALpmmiKCd2x5e595P5/zqv4F1S3jS+1y/JkdGIiVx9weg+tU9U0LVfiD8RdSt2Wa10Z7dY3Kffnx1GemKt6Fpq+ML67jaLyNLspeCvS7x0c/TpXTG1hXRY8P20V7cXHia6yQVLW8TjhU9PrWF/wAIDb+JjdeLbwy2VyEZ7BlX54kx9zHua3Evn8d3NzaQoLbSdNnUNMnScjkEe1aFyH8Y6n5ak2mlacd0v/Tww5BH+z61LYuY5CHVNc+GuhS61qECag7puMxbMpTsAB3FbfgXxnbWnh241/Ubybz2Xc8ci4cJ2AHU1d06VvH06XzRi00jT5W8tT0mYcHPtVOz8P6f4/1n+02hj/s2FzEg/wCejrwQfagcdi/p2rS/2dN4iuPM+0yKRbxsP9WP4CPc5Ap2hL/wi2i3GuasSdQvTkHGXiY9IwPQ1gWD6tratfWk/maRpMsjxw3QzJclM5TIwNoxlfoKi0b4lx+MLkaprsFxpNjH+8tYpyMXQH/LTjuDU8ozU1KDT9B8E6lr2vD7OLuFmm3jmGH+OJQepKg4HU1+B/jnSv8AhWHxo1dILZlk0zV5fsttOpjxBvJj3dxlTk+mBX7Z6/4juv2kfGqwNe2P/CHaZOst4rq3mTuhBGD06Z7V8w/ta/8ABO3wv8dPHHxJ+KVxf6zZpY26NHZ2XlhLnbFEJGO4dDhse4NfB8acO4jMVSrYe3NB3P2zwd47y/IZYzD5rJ+yrQcVbX3npt21Ows4fBHgX9mzw5rHxUj8M6zpd1pWxpdbKNGxwEWMK3DbQucD1FcT8C/2g/2Qvhtq0N1YeHjbapCway1HUdEdbW4kPG23lbCofcdjXzZrvifxL4i8WeGLfU4dIZdG8PwXHw9tPEF/FZ6bPePd28VzczPKdu5ImGMepyK6v9pH48av+0t+zI3hbxENY8R+NbjxHe2Ok6D4U2/2UbG1ljE180ixqfIj2sqmR9m8gjivoaNarCjCE2uZI+KxWS5e8TeMXL2l3e2i7H6i+GfEdrD8O5vEVrJa3761b77U28okSRNuUKkdcAjp618q/CrVbzwH+2NpNxqMKXF5faqFlVZNoBvVK7s46qJwxGOSuMjOa5z/AIIw+Lta1/4L/EG7vLHUtN8CeFdXvbPwjFfXUdw1tbhVEibo/k2pjaMHOE5rpv2sNAn8H+OPC+uWaXVncanpMF417Ezruu43dTsfPyvGiwjC4x8p6tk/mni/KpTyzC5vH48NWhP5a+TV+ZR30/I+x8LsPTjnGLySTvDEUZwv56eaduXm2129T7zeNPO4qSRgqfdVh7mqNjqNvqljDc2s8V1b3CLLFNE4dJEYZVlI4IIOQRwasKpbqDu9a/W4yTV1sfi1SLi7PclQyfwjA9KkPK89aY7SW8WeD7YpTCZFB8xsnuvSmQNVsyYqUg7eKjigyDg5K9SaVmkVR8px60GhG1xIDXWeGWLaJCT/ALX/AKEa5eTEa11Phpt+iQn/AHv/AEI1x4v4PmXT3OL1ibbrF1/12f8A9CNV3cAbqua5Gr6nc/3vNf8AmapgCOPmvUp2dNGezPPv2g/2gNJ/Zq+H9z4m1231q60+ORRs0zTZr+bnv5cSk49T2rzn9l3/AIKM+BP2wPEK2nhSy8aSCWA3EOpah4duLKwnRSQwWd1WMlSDkZyMc17P8UEe9+GniNWhjeNtMuM7o1bPyHjBB4r8vfD2veLPD3/BuLb6h4JW90vXfL+zahd6VCy3hhbUytw6bFMgHkM5+UZ+UmsJSaZaR+p9nrMF7N5sU0M6wvsdkcEKenrVmPWYZbWNjNEVmY+Udw/ecZ4/CvyK+AHg/wCHd7+278LdG/Z48QeJtS8PeIvDN+PiAy311ewWe+18tXeSWRvLl88rnoQT0FeS+Hvjh8T/AIdSeHvC2sT+I4P+GR9W1TVPEEs8kmdZs31G2t4UbPL/AOjvLICcjEZpe07mihc/cc6vbuJpjLF5dsdsjFxiM4B5OfQj86sQavZ/Yln+1WywT48qUSKUkz6EHFfiX8Y/BPjvwz+w38A9S8W6hJL4e+Kni688S+KZ9YubsWWmC6DTWsc7QZlSJYgFOOBjNbmu+AdW8Hf8EuPivpHh74g6J4j03U/GekzaXB4MvdQmg0aOW4hR7aK5uRuK8/wsR81V7QlwaP2XXUFvhiMrMIXKHYc4K/eH4ZFWo8XGD6V5b+yP+zh4W/Zf+C9j4d8Hx6r/AGbcSyX1xLqV21zdXE0uGdi7c4yBgV6rBD5a1tB3Mncd5eOlKE4wKROlIyrI3OfwNaDHAeWMNSgbvu0BQvTP400Qq7c/oahlx2Bbb5/m3fgaSXbH0b8O9OYeUcLnHvUXkGR6I7hLYkjOVpT8y0hXYuKaG21ZApDR9Av4ijzNvWnK++gwZFACGXzDxSSuJ/lbO3ocdaVE2UrQ+YtAHk2qeE49X17VNI1C+n065ub2K/jmVtv2lB1hBxnH0xXyv8TNc1r44fGhdCXUm1S1s72XT9NMcgkhSEOQZUxw25V3lurAAZIC4+1/jBZ2tn8MPEOpTWtvdXGm6bcXcSTA7XaOJnUNtIbBIGcMDjuK+b/+CcnhSDUfFXiTWGP+labbwW0SsAY9szOzEjGdwMKgHPQtweMfjPiXGWa5rlvDPM1TrSlOolpeMFe1/NKXo1F2bSP2Dw3nHK8rzHiXlTqUYxhTvraU3a9vJuPqnJXSbPpQfZ/B/gVbLSbVlk0e1WG2tgxdkSNAFBJyWwABknNN+H1nbapp39ofaY7u/k5uG/55v6BTyn0IFb99pEV3KWbqzB2ZOMkf0rmPE/h670DUP7Z0swkKP9ItN/liaP8Aide2QOgr9hpwjCChBWS0SWyXZH4/Ocpzc6ju3q292zqZJWjUjK89sVx3i3WkS+lnVZf7P0dPtd0QAxwvzdCRxlfXpWzdeMLWXRbi9tT5yi3LJEPvswBO369vxrx34r/tJ+BP2e9Kn0PxVe3Nz4g8QRSo2j2UTXN5JGwxt2Jlhjd1xTqfBoVQlCnUjKq1Zs+MPHv7Tlj8dLRvH3xT8T+ONB+HmpyyaZ4W8JeEIbiI39tHcBUubm4QBRvk7l1x0BPSuS0GbUvhD8CtD+KE2uXXjf4Ya7qUMWreC9e1NNVm0nTrmUrbzq7K0kLqYx/HzuPrXm+qfHGT4XaXoXwf1Tw/4rv/AIZ6d41j1axuG0Z01CXTQ9y0ll5JAkkYvNGyHoDGDg4xWp+z9/wTY1X4heN7bTvDOjeNNA+GkOpWM93qHiizisLnWoFnMkdmsarHI7g7AXlQ4GeQDXizjUcj7yHsXH4o+ztt1ufdVt+xR8O/AviZPEGi+FfDerWNlbi+nbUmJe1UhXVFLEpkBlHPes34BaxYfHn9pm58XX8DabonheJ4NKsiu2ME4wyEfKQOeV9a7P8AaY1i40nwrpvw/wBH+XX9W8r7QI2DeXDna2SDg9D37V7D8P8A4IaX4L+ENl4Ua0ZoUhCzTQna0j9d2fWvbhsrbHw9eMVUkoLQ6rw87gm8nLRG5O1ATwy9q3Q5i+VvqK5Wy8J32gSQLZXiG0hUARTAu5+hqxJ47i068WG+hks3JwHkPD/SrOU6ER+YhxTQdnBpttOt3GskMiyIe4qRxvNQ9yoh5mO9FIIz/dJoOSKhooWn2o/efNTI4TU8a+XU8rAR5isntQImY5GefeopZAZcevSmXl8ml2rXU5xBCPmOe/pQi+VEl1cLaHLMFVFJYntXKJ53xG1RowZrbR4DggHD3B7kH0qS2N18TZx5yvaaMrh0TpJOR0YH0rp3tBDL+7aOOOPgBVxkUCaIbTSI7KER28awRrxhRjd9ferO75afIeBimMu2gkj89VbafvU0qd2aXe3mdtv0qYpxVRKiV2BBz2qv4l8U2PhbRLm81OZbOytIzLcTseIUx941bnBiTcvJxkD3rg9fL/EH4g2ukLavNomhsLu93fMt3IdrJGfVQcEg9QaJbF8rPkr9mX4vf8Ntftqz+MLVW1bwvoEMkVk6j/R9PnQ7GLKf4jgYIr7yeQOm4/MwOAF4H5V89Xvg7w9+zX49kt/CNtLpF5rcjTTxWNn9oTBy5LxKBtHXkEmu78MfHMRWrSaiBcW6Ha95CvEZzj5oxl15/vAfWqcdBWuek/MB8o21GjMWqHSNZg1ixS4t7qK5hlG5SvYVbVlkj3r909/Wp2G4aDC+009W4x2PWnbN9RudnWrW5hyle80yK7t5I5UJ3cAg8iuY8Q+EjoGmytaieZJFKFEf96QxBOG/AV1uFk9fzqqqLcal5I3fINx5qw1OX8O3V5oYkuGgkjk1KZQIJOXVjwAD6c/rXn/xX8ejxzrJt/JmtrPRpjbSySKdlzcSBoww45VMA+xwa9xm04XMbpIqjPyAvyNp6/jXm/in9nSC00a4tdBeC3gnuGuXs79DdWkjsck+Wx4Po3LL2qeZXHHY6/wV4fg8K6HZ2VuCYggw5OTIcfMxPck5rejYJ96vErKfxB8G5YbZisNnMd80M8jz2r9vluMGSL/geBXd6T8ZbGULFqkS6TkAiVp1mjI7YZSc/wA6Ja7GkdjtUGWyKg1G8isrG6lkJjEMTSFs9gM022ulvLPz7aRbq3xuEiHg1zXxX8TNovhiOOHa95eTpCqEZ/dMcMcVnqXyj/hZcbPCN1q7srDVJJbqIgfMyF2MfP8AuFMe2Kr/AAjibVdOvNa2SN/bFy80Jz/yyV2UH8VAP41Y8bxJ4Y+Fn2KzIjeRBYwt2RpAVVvoCR+Vb+maV/YunQ2lqvlRW67ET+6vpRqRKNi3IQw4kVfRTUdvIz3bKduCPSnRW/c01spdBgOvAP4UkQeYDxZc6nFe6Zp+/wC23EzxGRT/AMewz94+1aWsS3Ok21j4Y0pP9IEe1pSM5i/jz7nnmofh9Z2nhzR9W129kVGknkjmz3UNxitHSbseG9Jk1u8+e8u/9X9T90D9K3MxviSzfSdOsdC0eFvMkjwrddkX8W71b0NR60E0zRbTwrYOzXEuPNbOXEOfnBPrjPNWtJjbwzY3Gu35eK7vQW2OfuMeij0qrpduvhvTJfEV5C4utQB8ve3Ks3AX8aQ+VjvFVvFrt9D4ZsVlhtFjX7eyNg+V2wR0PvUmtW/2qdPD+m4h8qEx6hGPvG3ZSgZT2bnr61JYSHwD4YnuJJoZNUvATGSMlif4fwqnb3a/C3wjPql5NHcahdZkcn70qnkIPpQWSatbqyWfhzTQUVnH2xgf9VGOQT7nGD9areLoLfxjqCeHbO3Uwow858f6lR1QemabZ63pvhPQpr37Yk1/qa4iTPzln6L+BP6UWGoR/D3w6/2i4ibWr3mVcfMJOx+g4pq4ldsyvEGlaHoOoDwzosS2ccSfaLyZ3VRHGpAYMTjk5/WuS/aY1DT7vwHrXhm11KxtrdtLaW4USKhS2RAdhfIDO3yAYJPzVgftGeLdE8NW3haPVL2x1a81XUJEvgIsxl2gcBCpBHGAfxFZ8PhDwJ4a1TUXi0W0vdVmswqCWFGjmmfHCrjqoHeizSujeEFCSkkeA/A39nnTP24fgnZeC9f8NxPpOk37yvqcoH2m1gz9y2fB2N69sgHtWLqX7JXwN+GXjiw8FeIfj/4pvdG8Pp9mm0S5163it4rZ2Z/KM0UatljncC/8PNdNB8T7v4C/s0eK9H0d303xBr/imDQ7nd108XDncwx90BYyOO9fY3wR/Yi+Gvwo8CWui2HhvTb642bnur6IXVxdSktuZncnIJJx9a4XTpc12jojxBjKLlQovTzOdsdE8JX3wQPh/wABvpS+FtPtzIp0m5E0Uh2EIC4Jyx/i9cVh/wDBRbw1PN4K8I6qPJjt7G5ntHj5Db5lV1KjGNoED556leDzjkPEHw10j9j39rXRYfB9m8Hhz4oW5kvdNib9zbzwzxIJlToqkSHIHXIr1f8Abpt49c+B18txb3ccmjXVvdwurjYXLeVhuDkbZW6YOQvOMg/I+JOAWK4XxtJdIOX/AIA1P/2357H0nhvm1SlxTg69XdzUf/A04f8At3y3O+/ZR8UN4p/Z68KXn2dbfyrEWW3dvz5DGDdnA+95e7HbOMnGT6FMTK2WH4ivA/2DvE9xq/7PKWz2vmLo+qTWcJhyMoQk+XyTzumYcYGAOM5J9vutUlguNqWFxKuPvBq6+DMY8XkODxDd26cLvbVRSf4pnJxngVhM9xlBKyVSdlvo5Nr8Gi1dEogKt5W3l3foBWA3xIsbUssdvqF/tJEklvbSuh/3SqkE+w5rL+JGt3cXh9jNbXFpAThpCeg96qarq3iiz8a2dlptlCPD81rEfNEQyzEfMc19KfL8qOtt/E9tqGk/boVkkh3iMxj5XQ++ea0IJ2mjHUAdj1Fc/psSp471WJR+6VYHcL9wPs5GPXjP410asN2R3oGPZ2QcYz7iuo8NsW0WEn/a6f7xrljbvL0OPrXU+G0MejQqTuxu5/4Ea5MZ8C9S6e5yOqtt1S6HrM//AKEarquD/jVjVRnVbj/rq/8A6EaqTkxNXo0vgRm9xJl3qy8YKncvbFfNv7WX/BSD4L/sX+Hmh8ReIdNGoQgJFpWmiOWaUE4CCIYVev8AFtHXmvUf2mvhHrfxv+DWraB4e8X6p4F1a+jZYNY09czQMVIA9cZPOOfSv57v22f+COP7R37Out3Os65pM3jHSZJ90uvaXObt5QWHzyRkiRW7ncmM9zWNXRmsdT+hD9nzxR4e+K3wq8N+MdH0e10ix8VabBqcEf2dEkEU8ayjftyATuGRnqK6aTQNP1FLk3Fpp7G7YrOXiVzIOmWBHzZ96/M79j//AIJT/F/4hfs5+AtfP7UnxZ8NWOs6DY3qaFb24hTSg9un+jg5BIQggBhXpqf8EdviUC/2j9r/AOMskzHClE2ADsDh/wDPpQmmirtH3fNothqFj9h+zWV1ZRrtaCSJWibjaGEeNoABxwMc4qO18B6dp2h/2fa2Onw2bSrPLClrGIncdDsxtP5ccHtXz5+xh+w74q/Zd8fX2reIfjR46+JUdxZ/YksdZkJt4v3iybwNxG7KAdK+mopPlH97uK0jBGfM2MEKW8RAUAk/KBwFHsKcku1aSXqKnQKUrbYkrb+aeq7qZN9+nw/dqgH0jnauaSVtqUiNugpS2AXPmRbu9RsGRcg0zzMHbVhU3R0uUCJInc53GmkFG5p4m2tinSJuGaoBkc3PSpg/FQwxZelniIHFADzJtNKbjBpbeDbEc8mkSPbuzS0AyvHfh3/hNfBGsaP5/wBn/taxmsvO2b/K8yNk3bcjOM5xkZx1FfKv/BPzxqvgn4na54X1C3ltb7WUUIJVZXjntvMLQsm3g7WkJLEYMWOSwr6/2/LivkD9sH4Iaj8KfiFF8QPDcMqWMt0l9cTBvO+wX3m795VgcRu20jO5d5ZTtBRT+R+JmHxOBxOC4pwcOd4WTVRLVunNWk0ttFza9Oa70Wn6z4bYjDY7DYzhfFz5Viop029EqkXeKb31fLp15bLV6/YA5HtUF3CrD7m7Azj/AD/KvOP2a/2lNP8Aj34eMcgisfEVigN7ZA/Kw4HnRZ5MZJGRyUJAOcqzd74m1BtL0SWWP/W7gkY9z0Nfo+U5thMzwkMdgZqdOaumvyfZrZp6p7n5tm+U4vLcVPBY2DhUg7NP813T3TWjWqOKv7EL4hv5LCzint7HcklvC7CO4lGG6tjGD6YHJr5w/wCCaviDQPEHiv4g/wDCRqsvxDg126eeTU9pvntHbdD5aueF4xxgcCvrPQ/Dn9i6BDZwyyvJMmJyy481iSSx9+f0ryH9pP8AYa8O/GDU4vE32W6tfEFuoSW8025a2u2RegVwcAj3Br0ZXtY8WrTU2na9it/wUZk8OWX7MOswXlvZSa6VV9BTyQ1yb0MPJaPupVypO3OQOcirvxI+Mk3wa/Zmt7/Vpv7T1+3sBbiHA33V6Y/kYqvT5x1HSsn4PfsReAPD3iq38SNeeI/FWs2YzDLr+qSXjWkijjCkBUwf4gOa5HUrOy/aB/bBu7RJpINA8GoYZV4P2u6A3BtoJ5BwB0zWXKkjalTkp80tu3Qg/ZR06L4bazceIfiTe3cfivXJQbaO9UGC3hK5QJIeM7m6Eg+1fWnh+222v2hpZJftHzBmyFx6g9MfSvOb6eDxPq08urRXAtvD2LLeiBje7wGEi46gZwT2INQeCtKtNJ+I1vbaDqkklldZnv7ZsAFRxz79K6kvc0NZSbZ667oo+Sq8ljHeN+9jjkT0dQas2sPnJ8wVcMcY9O1R+b+847Go6iI49Hhil322+3UA4VSSGPvmqWo6ve6UwMtus0WcFgefyFawfKelNlXfBkYPI609SfQp2/iC2nKhZRCzfwOcfzq2MtMc9uPrWD44srO0svOmtVe5MiohHJBPQ1raDbTQWKJPI0kgHLN1NGgRLJnIbFSifaB3zULbtzbF3Femf4vpWf4j8RroNt+5jM13KMJGR8pPv6VMjWOxJ4k8TQaMqRrH51xLwkQPOexPcVFp/hyW5Jl1OQzzHlbfd+7i/Lr+NN8OaKLeRdQv4lk1CRTuJ/hB6AVsWpw2TjNIY+KDyIQq4XHYDA/KnKc8GpGXNNK7akV0Ky7abw1I77qarUiBWG000T5O2llG5c0kKbwNwOCcEgUAY3jzxKNA8PP5LL9tvJPsdspPLSOMAgd8daydQu4fhB4L/cJ5lzO4CIWJ86diBy3XBOM+i5Pauau/Ecd/8bg2pQLHa6KzQaeJvljLuAPPyf4gMj6GuC+MV/qnxE+JWn6lpHifS9O0nwiGRoL1w9veykfM8kYIZhtbbxVLY36Fz4f+GNd8Ha1dahrGsxeLJtQ1OCQXgtQkdusoMS2wk2glUYjPPc1W+KVh/wAJl+0D4W8KadeXEF9FI1/rNxYBbeWG2AO1C64/iAGCeh79Ky/iZ+2Na+AvB91H4t08QXKxrLa3mkg3ltdgEMoDqPkB24AbGM4yTXWfsWfDrVLfw9q3jjxBHv8AEPjGcXTM5+aC32jZGP8AZ6Gq5rGDdmdHq3wd1bwmLq68PXf2iNpVc20kht5tvdhLGAGYdt8Z/wB4VlS/HnUPA+pR2900l00h2mHVFWC6J6fJKWEUv/fWfQV7EF+zxfN9881Q1rwrYeJLdkv7K1uA4xiSJXyO5yRkUtyuZszvB3xX03xbefYlaa11BVy1vcr5bn2Ud/wropTuP3WOPvYXO36+leXeJvgWLO0x4eVZkjbctpduQqD/AKYuBujb06jrWHB8RdV8B6tFY3flJKcAW2tSF5D/ANc7lf3Z9g5GKfKHqe1yutra5Izn061DZaZHpkkk3zMZgM7ieK4vRvjNpHijWrWC5vW0KeJstFcqYfP9lZgFcemxjXdwz/a4nbcsit9wqc7h60SuaKFyRJhKPQe5p24M3PNRQxL5XK59qcoC42qVHpigJRsR3dtb6gnlzorgjBDoGBH41z3iD4RaLqmnyLFC+ns/SSyfymz/ALQwyMPYpXSPHvNAO0FSfpUamcTwf40Xsn7NHhptavLu5ayUYjk0+UreyH08lj5Un0G2rXwu8a3PjzxvpF1qciXkH2MvEJLdoLmIP8w86LJAPPUHFQftX+CvEmreKPC+v2WgjxHovhu7N3NapOiSvxgjDMB+Waj8TfHv4e+LvhrqWp6vHDa6xpVs8i2F6PKuoJF+5GqHG4E45XNXGWmpomz0tbqDxh8So7NZfPtNBhMtxH/DJJIVC/8AfO0MPZzXbiTnJ6mvJf2P/BWoeFfhDa32uTSXfiHXT9tuJX6ojY8uPPoke1R7CvVmG3jsOhPU1mZyHRBijHP4Vn61IY9GmlWTy5EBK+xq+lsZHZwflK4xWP48tvJ8F6nPnBiiyCO3NCeoKLZwfwqth8QNGgvr2M/2Wlw8iLJlN2edzD0PvW9o2mpr15carqKLJZW+WsoWYiOOMd/cjHeoAvmWGm6Dp3+raFBckdEi2jaM+1Wtdsv+EjurfQLF3ghtwPPdRwoHVPxFbSK9miDToB41u5NW1Jv+JVZ5NtEW+SYDnefcVQuvBOjfEPUX1fUbdrmwgzLFH9qkSOTHIfCsBxitnX9PXUVtvDmmhY7CNf3jA4MIH/LP8ar65aRTy2PhvSo1gt7bD3BQ/cRTloj/ALwo1J2KXhHw7p76Xc67qdu1rboSsULSswjA6MMnvU2g6PF4yd9Y1e3/ANFtyRbQyMQkeOjke49as65bR+Ndch0u3Z303TwJZzj5Zl/55/hUeoXreNfE40Syd/7P05Fa6YDi4Tp5Z+lGplLcxfD3h6z1meTxReafDbQabI4t4d5wrDgNtPrmtDS9KtrxpvEWtxL9pIJtQ3RI8cpjpk+/NXdVKeI/Fdvo1vHELG12teyIfkdByq59QQOKg1SFviB4n+wo2NM09wX/ALrMORQnccb9DzD4q+Bo9Q+weM7ixkuodOvBLb2UMUeYoCjo5O8qN2G7nP5Vyr/ETXXfVfEdx4Du1s4bGQabuubSN7RCVyzfPyc8bj617x4qtJfFGptpsI8rTIkL3jR8hyB938RXDfEoWnxB+JUnhva8lno+kvPexjIinJIKx5HUdyPatJao2hK7sfL37K3iHwh8atM+Ll74yt4ZdC1S9e5kjupfKaPZLIVcP/CwyuCPQ1iP+1X8QdBVrP4X+KviF4m8L2zmMtN4TTVYbBBxxct5ZdR2AVj7mvIdZ8NS6t8C/FGpyJLaeG7bxLaQa99nBOLM3DpIB6qMj8K/V/4Z6Voej/DrS7Hw/aw22iw2sX2VYI9ke3gFzgAH5eec5rlur6nn46nzStGVmfKv7Fdzonxq1T/hKNQ8Uav448dJei0vRq9sLJ9Ht1RyI4rcKu1S6Lk47Dmvqn9ojSrbU/gt4wWaKKaNdHupdkiBv3iRM6Ng91ZQwPUEA9a8g8Z+HdH0j/goj4NuNKWO21zUNHvj4gFraiAzouw27TIOjZL4JHIOa+jYT5xVm4dRziubHYZYrC1MO9FOLj33Vtup35TXlhcTTxG7hJS7bNPfofMv/BMi+mlsPGdq08rW0MlnLHCXPlo7icMwXoCQiAkckKvoK+pjJkYG4H618Tf8E48/8Lv1TH/QDl/9KLevtdXw+a/NPBvFOtwtQi/sOcd9/eb+W9reR+n+MeHVLimu19tQltt7qXz2vfzEmgh1CI29zCs0co27H5DfX0rm2+HJjuD9l1m+sbcn5rZBvX8CeR+FdLO+wZHXtRA/mLjFfqB+WlfRvDcWhQkRKAZOXYsWLn1JNTmTy26VMEJXrTJY8D1oAULuX5l4/wB411PhsAaNDjp83/oRrmE+7XT+Hf8AkDQ/8C/9CNcmM+H5l09zkdY41O6P/TZ/5mqiybhyp/Krer86pdD/AKbP/M1UdSo+8cfWvRpfAiBVky/qvpVSSxD2zI3+ocnfEVDI/wBQeG/EGrka4SlIyKrlT3DVbFWwt4tOhhgildLWA5SNUAVe2AB2qeUiR8rI34iork5XAqOImLmnGih3fUnwJOgwe9SKMCmR3HmU/qPWq5bCEYBs85+lRRBnfuKeg2scAL7gUi3PlH5gzfjTAdPH5bLTwu2m7/POadU8wA4Yr90t9BUR3KmMY+tPDtu6uPYGmvDvlXDEncDgnOfaiQEdvKF+9/47zSzsYuRuOfQV88/GL4jW2jfFW4huPElpp7LcgLZy6gbCNUGScPgpnkccdKr/AB0+N95q+kaZrPhPxjpGn6NZ/JeXEsvAcDARcj96zNkDA7Vn7S2hXI2fRPnopXcwVmOACcbj7U8XDNwQPz5r54+Dkfjv4y+Alv4/GdrcwCV3hvbZfLSbkjZIgUAgEH8q9x+HOhalofhq3tNYvYdR1GMsZLiJcK4JJHX0GBWid0Ry2ZuRfKuaQzbz0P1xS+WAx5rN8ZXFxF4S1K4tFk+2RWsnkoD947Tg/nRqaR2M/wARfFTQfC2o/Zb/AFSG3n6hAGPX1wprZ0fxDY6/aebY3tteKephlD4+uOleN+GNL8YeFbhdXhl0268L3lvE97C8btKBs/elAoAMhkzywPHc1rfDD4mw+NprHUv7JfQri4umgnhcnc9sP9XJyqkBhg9PxqhnrEcm403ULCHVrGa3uIYri2uY2ilhlQOkqMMFWU8EEHBB65p9s0ZRiHBXJIPtTXIMfytms5WkrNaERk07rc+Mv2hv2d9Y/Zm8W2/jDwfNdRaNHMJIpYzul0mRuPLfOd0TZ2hmyCDsfJIL+sfBL9q/Sfjdq2n2OqSW2iatFEokglkCQ30xbYBAzHJJJXCH5vmwN+0tXr3jLXjoujssHz3U5EEa+gbjd+FfPf7QX7BKT2zap4HVmvpJd0+lySokLKcDMLNgIQcsVY4IJ2ldoVvxfMOGc24WxNTNOFo+0oTd6mG13/mp21v/AHUrrRJSVox/ZMBxNlPFGGp5XxRL2deCtTxHl/LUvpb+83bdtxd5S+mGuRBbCSQ9yAPSnveJFa+d8wUc5UZI/Cvkb4I/tu6r4N1RNA+IEN1fW8E4tnvZU23mmhRsZZU27pcMBkn94PnJ3nCj6n8MeJtL8aaDa6po97Ddafep5kM0fRh06dQQQQQcEEEEAgivuuFuOMr4gpc2Cnacfipy0nH1XVbaq61te90viOJuC804frKONheEvhnHWEvR9H5Oz0va1m/OP2kfGEX7OnhS68V2tvHLIlxHa3GmojO+sPIxSOKLb1ctz07V8WftQn4m+FrCX4lN4a8F/CeCW6EkTT6/NZaxdTKNwj8sLseU7cBO5IHevqf/AIKM/DW+8Y/CPSNTsItRu4/CeqRandW1lI6XLwFZIZmiZfmWRY5ndWX5lKAjkCvzQ+LWr+DPiz8NPix4c0zxpr0GqeHfFVr4l8GXetatc/bpbd4gt1aQT3PmSLOMZG5Sd2CGFfSVLtaHw9SSlO0pWR9LfsOf8FBtc+Ingq+voNJt9QbRGZLy3a3aHUoFIZm8yPq+W/ix0NfWX7JWsaJ8VtG1HxXp9t9lvr+5DPEylWtV2jKYPQHII9cGvkT/AIJB/AuXxT8b/EfxMsfCfiPwT4Wj0mHR7aDWdVkvtX8Syt8817eSMxDHnaAAMY6V9L+ALGb4P/tTy267rfTtet3iMI4Wfary27AdMriZCe+V9K6KbfLZlxttF3PotpZbWOWbblQvQVW0nX4LwHKtGxOMFcZq/HL5vHbHSka1iaMgxgk98dKo3Fc7l6flTC+Itvod2aJIPmDhj8oxt7VgeJPFH9nRpY7PLmujhWPQoeCRWhmS2MyeKtdndt4jsZNuMcOeua6CY+Yd+c5PWqWiw2+mackCMCluNpb++PU1lveN4tvZra1Z47G1bE0inBl9lPY1m9y47Emr+JmN22nWH76/xlXH3Ic9wfWr+g+Hv7MhV7qeW9nJ3O8g5U+1O03S4bNTHaxCCMjHzD5yfUmtKK3ZVx8z/Q1JpHYidxLKfT3pwVV6Rg0Mm1zxz6GijmJuxxfNMYFqkQxjq4FObCjipEQIhzUgSkZ80g60ASbN4oDtEvynFIxwKYZOaComXr/g7TfFduyalaw3SscgP2NeQeMP2WLzQdWk1bwbd29rfMOYp4Fmilx/CQxwK90Mq7Puj8qam1Rk/kKspanxF8UJ9dudc8O+FPEnh/8Asnw1p2pLPqF1ZRmRbyBJBIqN2A3L0HTJr668B+NvD3iTSo00TU7K8jhhSKOKKZGkjVeACoPHFbl9Et9GY5Y4prdhgxOuQfwri/F/wA0PX909hC2hakw/d3NnI0BB/wBoKduPoAfel6lclzuflVcvnntjpSqwU+teL3uv/ED4OxRrfRHxFpMCEboExM3pljya6b4e/tI+HfFSQwXJfSNRlH/HrctmQmqJtY7u4HmSqAOc8H0qtr9rFJp5S8T7TDN8jo0YYEe471djnV0WQSLtf0qkkdxdarK0hKQqo2ejUak8xxGr/AOz+yP/AGbd3FpDccm2uV+02b98GBsf+hY9q59tZ174X6lHEd0C42It3IZbSX08uTDPD/ukFe2eK9kkjafqwxjFKEWcbXXcvTB6flRzdy4yPOfC37R+mX2qyaZq2dM1OHBJjljltWzn7soOD0PUA+1ejWl9FqFqksFyt2kg+9GQwH1xXM+J/gzo2vM0z2UVu78rLZlreZfYlCAw9QwOa5LWfh3rfhy18yxhk1aOFgI47SU2Nwo9d0YKPj0MYz6ip31RctT1OTJlK+ncd6bu7Ec15P4d+MuoaFePZ6iZtQlUNK1s6LHqcUagbv3QIEoGfvJz7V3nhn4j6N4yX/Qr6OSU8eRgicH0aP74/EY96r1M/ZnRxyMtuSm2P0I5I/Cvlr9srwRp3xh/aI+Gng2PS7WfU5Lltcvrzo4trbnynx2kZu/ZeK+hviJ4+0X4YeFLrVNd1G30yxtoy008owIB6t3ryv8AZYuIfi/4x8X/ABJRA1nrl2tlpcrjLfZbddish7BmMjH13L6Vl6D5Wke36Zbxw28QgQrbRoqRLjG1QAB/Kp5oM1Ha7bZNh8wheB81SJLuP3SPrSiZPUaJ/LG2uX+L928fw61aGDe1xPFti44zkV1jRKyFvSuN+Leq2+kaBCZ5GjR3IcFu1UtxqViLSpU+Hvgq1d0NxfTwr2+aY4Hy/hUuo6gPAPhjP7251S/dQyhcmR26P/wH+lQ+E7L+0s65qUjRnylS2Rj8kIXo4HQEjuKuaLEyQXWs3jfv5gXtsn/Ur/dH1qx+0K99Onw88MO9wvn6tqDAyFeWeU8K34VHAJPC3hV3aNW1zVGCyuT8zSNwH/DirGg2zXSNr2pAM6oTDER90elVbORLNbjxJq1wFZ1aa0if+BQPu49Tir1J5rkupeb4Z0WHTdPXy768O0sOqSH7zfjzTL9W8B+HVstMUSarfkgTfxBzyc1naZ4mOh+HZtZuUkkvpt7qrnJYYJRB7scKPdhVvwvcP4Y0abX9X/4+5B5hjYcIh+6APWiRmSNpUPgjw+ml2zK1/qhznPzGRuX/AC5qTXpYfBGiw6NaqZ9Q1Bfm2DO7PG8+4punWMlhp954h1CIHUplzbxkf6lWOEYDtnNS2ZHg/Q31K/eOTVrk4xjmNj0VfQH0qCpSsU/E95N4F8K2Oj2H77VLzbFJzzIWOPMP0zXG+M9GbwJ4eVbCSSbxFe2cgeRhjKkEvIT64BH412NpFH4NsJvEGqv/AMTC8+4svJjc9I19AfSvPdc1S+8E23iLxFq2+a5uLB7g2LHJtgSAEAPAHBOB6VfQ0ov3j5l/Zu0+HW/hhr3hP7NBdaZ4hnNtdxSgmNoiw3yNgE5+7+Jr0LxT+yra/BO6tfD/AIT+NHiTwRa3hT/iRLqcMwtVwfn2TlGUPkcAHGK+Y7f4kH4HfsLaxeaTfzW+qeLvElhpH9ovIT9ghuXh8yUHqoHTjuwNcdfXcOsaq/wr0f4Xajrvinxxb67oFvrd9ouydr2G9jWK7S8uAJOFl5Kg/eBB4ry6uIlzuEdGj3P7IoOh9bxDbT0st/xsj9Mf2df2ePDPwX8fPdWGqy+JPEOr2zXN/q11cme4uuByWPQZ4AHHBr2yAh7ffh1ORxjrX5gf8E1/CHjT9k7/AIKS6p8P9e8NT+GNE8ReG1vbXSxrkusRRiNm3TpLJyhZ2G5AMAkYr9P7VkuLaPc7nauOGPNdFGo5LU4MVl0cNUjyPSSufGXwcOf+Chd4ef8AkOav/wCgXNfaRvQvy4r4s+JS/wDCO/8ABQm3XTS1j5muaduMB8st5yQebnbj7+99397e2c5NfaTxfL6mvynwl/cxzLAvenial30d7L/238T9L8WX7WeW41bVMNTsuqtd/wDt34Ey/vUzT7eUbtuKrQkZ5NWowBytfrUj8lGSgvMdppwm+z8HnNKq72prHyO2c1IAq7Tu9e1dV4dbdo8J/wB7/wBCNckEcnLMv0ArrfDIxokP/Av/AEI1x4z4F6l09zkdYONUuv8Arq/8zVYfMtS6uf8Aib3X/XZ/5mq7vxXp0fgRA5DxQ470xJdtDy7q1Aa8eaaE5qRTkU7A9aOawBFADTmHligJuHFNbjvS3ASnJHupy/NRSkAq21DJsqaOXC1HK241Eb3Ai8zD02ZdjrJ83DDP0p5TJpzAMmOtajjufPnxX/Zek+I/xvXXL+zs73Tdw2pJAr+XhgwY5B+hrj/ip+xl4nv/ABzdTeEv+EXs9BuHWeO0ktP9RNtAZwNrZ5BIGVxmvqwItuekmevXildTP8yts9qzsi+c+c/hd8B/il8P/BMlg3iLTVuWkZlWK32Wkak5+VB0brk5r6C0KK6sdHtxdDfdLEqyOBgM2OT+dWGsxMuJncD1BNSQ/uF25YoOhPeq9CdxY1+Xd61HL5k2V3JyMdO3cVKzYpquoPHWjlHdHKan4Lu7MlNI1rUNIgkkLuiwwzdeoXevA/OrPh/wNHpAM07yapcSDaZ7vbJKoHTacYX8K6EjJ6UGDJ4zinsLmILe3+xQtHa5Vn/56fNSf299mklNwghiiUscjsOpq4sWBx839KyfFOoj7ObFWj+13Q8lUK5JDcf1rLmJKHhrVl8Z66NQCrJp9sWW2kA4fdgZ/wDHR+tdHLE0Mnfms/RdDtvC2mpaabE8dsfuhznFWZ7yS0hKsjMv98c4prXUDhvjx+zpoPxu0gtqFuYNWhgMNpqMWfNt+dwBGQJFzn5W6Bm2lS26vm7R/hH8V/2aviKY/C9pd6pa6jOsKzW8ImtL+NWUr565Pk/ewWYqVzJtfGWP2VZaxFcYUyKfQYwankEYBJPy4ye2K+E4j8O8uzTFRzGEpYfExaftKb5ZPpr0eml99ldxXK/uuHfELMcrw0suqKNfDSTXs6i5orrp1Wuttt3ZSd1UuP8ARIfLKGdicqn+PqK5tfgr4WmuI3fwvo0k8Ry8s1rHM7Y+YMGZcq24L0OMA1raZqZ8SagbqIHyIz5aueAxHWt1ZHQHC/e75FfeSirHwPLG/vI4rxX8OknurfV9OJstQtRsjCxgJMD/AAnGOT9K8c/aH8W2beLPB/iCaGXS/EPhvVY4LiCVuCsrxx8jpj5mP519LTybbcIR7f8A6q+c/wDgoXpNvY+ANI1qOJhfWV/EiEKWMoIcgPjqScYJ74rO1i4JX0R9EW7mWzSTg7urAcMfWnI+5sVg+BfHUHiDSoEmH2fUVt4vtFu3BjYoCcD+LnccrnqK3Y3Cy4bjuOK0H1sF1MNOR5fveWpYr7d65rw7e/29f3WsXqJ9miJW3yP+WZ64pvxT1+KwtrazLt9ovpNvloCXZB14HI4PWmWXhG4vpITd74NJsxstbVWxIQecsRweaOguVDTNfeNdQ8qAfZNCzksR88/+61dTY2lvpkUcFtG0cajABPJHv6mpIEFuuPLAA4UKMBR9KE+9upPYZZiixTZCwb5WxTXuSq0zdvFQApc/j60u75aRV3U8jIoFqAlB+7GWNIkisfutu+tMYqT97b9AaU9OPzoGOmLIfu8VJG4kTNVuSPmb8qSW9h022aW4lWCFBmWVj8sY9TV6gWHl2Lz19KjEuV964fQ/ilrEwmk1DQbhdO2tLHdrKm2KNf7wznpzV3wl8XPDnjWMPpetWVy+cOm7YVPp82M0wOockc0inzDzxUirviJ6+mDSLFnrQK7FMW4e1IkPOC3GMUjz4GKYm4Se1BamSNAGiEe3zQBghuRXGePvgL4f8bOsl3aNFchSkctsfKKZ9SK7gSCIZJprTRS9UfjknPb1pXsHMeEap4Q8efA6HboU39uaV92WBlMk2z2Y9DW94I/aS0S+toLDVUn0C934aK7fLE/4V6TbyrqeqSSKWaGF9qnPDVn+PPhNofxAsXivrGLzXGBNEoRl/HrS5hxjc2LS6F7apJCwnR+Qynt2NTKygbQ3NeNz/BDxb8Ob03PhPV/tFmoGbO4Jd2x2BPArT074+3vhQxweNNHutJdztFxs3xfUlM1W47WPTJvMdSvIU96jSLbGkI8xhK4RSrYyeuPyBrP0Dx9onitC+navZXn90K4BP4HmvL/20P2h2+DPwyeDSoLjUPE+sp9l060tkLSqz8eZtAzgAHntmn6C1PPdX0vRP2n/AI26t4ilibU9H8CTJounyxTyI4lYsLtwVI4wq45454rtvi94EPh23sFt5m1+1up47eOyuVIlnUnBMVwmH+UfMQSeKwP2ZfD3hnRP2dIvC9rqcUmpAG6ni8zybl52fcd27BbkdfwrovhN8PrrxV8W9T8TDXrnVNCRFNlZYxbWt2oCSeXnnOF57ZzVjTZ5l+3d8BPiB408B2OlaXr9iuj2s6Jb2c0O+ad32hULYG5STgZ7jmvpj4L+Brf4dfDHRtItkRI7O3QfIMLIxAJcD0Y8j61R1SGPxv45srKPM2n6Qft0sg/5+BuWMZ9F3MSP9pfSu2UrAgjXouAMdhWLNJO6JGOTkU5pt6YA5qMybelERMb5qTCO5LHIscR3Bju7g9K4T4taVbeKNT8NWNxHJJbz3jKgRsENjnd6iu7Zd+K4L4t+ILyx8QaFaabZtc3stwQWXGLcY+8aFuaWRau5H8aeIV0qyITTdJUee4H+tA42j3FMubeXxh4iMKv5Ok6ecMRxvYdOatz+X4bsH02ybdql4NzIv3gx5JJ9Kr6reyaTpNvoOjgXN/Mm2cgf6pD98knuPzqzOSSRWnM3jvxCbWPdb6XprhZXBwHccgD2q7qhuPFPiCO0W3RdL0/iclRhmHIAqG4jXwhoVtoOihrq/kXY7k8lD95jnuPfmn3VsfD2mQ6HYtJd3dyvkyyK+SsbcM59CAe/NPmCKVip/ZT/ABE1n7ZtWPSrQ7YEAwGkXqPwq5oXmeMtbuJA0Z0qzQLFvXIlkHDL+FS6tare6cugafJtyojleP8A5Zj+9kdzT9Rf7RZLoOkvGW2BbiaMf6of3j7mhs15EVJbqXxX4kDq23RdK+cZ/wCW7j7yZ9F6/hVO0tpfHXij+2L1Wj0zTcrbL0EydS59cVo6hILa3t9BsF3SSsBdMP8Al3XrvJ/2sY/Gq3iCW41G9j0fSVCiFgty4IKRL3X05HpRymMio6SePfETX0xVdDsZAIQw4uO4cfSvN/j5qs+reHvGXiCS4g/srw/YyQwnbwWbAG714LV6Z4yv3uBb6DoMYd43WKZ1+5BHn58++DmvDv2uvEtvp/7O3i/QdFB81dtvqPmH5YozIqgljxubtzkAVpL4SaD96x438D/2aNC+M/7MumaX4qj3eGdevHtBGh2SIAm0zBu2HQkHtlfSqB/Y2+PCP4Tnh1n4feM9L+G2pS33hrV/EqTQX1gzoUcOIQRMuNmMnJKgkV6Z8LviF4a8BfszeCLnVr5LfQtMzeatfDJjTMYKxKAM7mc4GAeTWnrHxo+NvxZ0ff4R+F1honhzYHgk17VYobm4UgEYjUsY+P4mxmuaphYVFd7nqYXO54ZOnJKUezV0aP7DfwJ8Z23xq8R/EP4m65b+IvFFxbpYWD2ts0FlY25JLpErfNyVHb0r6u8r7ODjAweOK+ff2Vvj5qeq/Ee/8L+OvDN74F8VXNrHc2un3LrNBfxx5R5YJldlb+EkcH2r6DmcNt/usM0qdNRVkcWIzKWKqe0fofFnxjYn/goPZ7v+g5pHT/ctq+z/AD9rnaw29j6mvjb9shofhZ+1ro/iKBJbqVo7HWZoXkChnhkMYRTt+UFYF5Ibkk9MAeyX3xY+Jlr45062n8NN/ZGoX727lUQm3hUDEjEHoc1+TeG/7rNs6w8n7yxDlbym5OP32fpY/U/Ej97lOS4iPw/V1H5wUVL7tPU9nF3hc7d30FTIzMOF/CvLfiR8cPEHg7xDeWWmfD/WtaihiBjv7eeMQyn2UnNc74M/aA+J3iaxlnn+GesWMUUhUJJPDumXjkfNx1P5V+tn5Oe9faFjzz06+1NNwJYiRg+nvXjnxS+NHxA8KXmkp4e8Aajq0d9AXurhZ4Qtg2cbXDMCT34pfhx8SfiN4n8SNHf6AdOsIfLQSyBMPlQW7/3s1DVgPXrORriQhuMV1+gps0mEfX+ZrkWj8t25y6nBI6V1nhk50SH/AIF/6Ea4sZ8KLp7nG6ycapc/9dn/APQjVPOas6z/AMhi6/66v/6EarV6lL4EQNbOaNxHWlY4FNMoUfN0rdbAPDZopizI/wB3P5U7nNMB6ylaeoD0sUasOaZL8prMCUfLRUcTZNSVEtwGOMGlVsmlZd1Iow1OID8/LTHO3mn5+Wo3+9TjsAhu9q/NnHtUiMrruH61DnY3FG5mNMCVjn+L8KbvMxwegqJjJA26Ty1jHJJbp9a5e5+KckkrvpOianrVvE5SWW1WMrGR1yWdc49sn2oA7EkBKjEaqf8AVq31rI8NeOrHxcrm1yGhPlzRSDa6uemAece9a6Bkcq2Nw4ODkfhSAf2/pTTIYjgdDTiMGkZc8+lQAJN5OG/hY4//AF1geGUfUtWu9UuIVaRX8q356xnqaPGOttFbi2tzi4vf3SqPvJ71uabarp9rFFgBYUCjHpihrQV0Ss6qu1Sze5FRF2AxuwPSnS9flcgUzyto3ZzxVR7A9rkMujRTfMCUc9GHVayvE02oabBHDZxpqRlYLMJWx5aZGWGO+M1pTaktsGZyyoBknHSs/wALy3GqXE13J+7GSqY7gHg1RD2H6be26WyWahraYNuwVwuT71rSXCxny2BGzq5U7D9DXKfHf4hab8G/g94p8XahELm28M6Vc6pKGGeIYmkx+O3H41+d/h3xhpX7UGr2OofGD4zazpuv+LsSaD8PfDOpS2TWYdS0ULMowHZNpHI5boa5a1ZQPWy3Lo106tWVorQ/TpbtXj3hTt7blIz9M14f+1rqx8S+L/BvhuLf/wATPUrWUqB8sixzK7qfbYr/AKV+aH7OP/BRTxd+zl8bJrgv4jn+G+lW1vc61o+u30l/qWj2s9z9n373jRjIDggLkGv0L+FfiX/he/7WcOtxXLTaV4b0grFa/wDLFHcFUlz/AH2Jfj0RfWsaWKVV8pvmGV/VeWpF3iz3rxH4Ht9Whtjp+bTUNPTybe5xglBjAP8A3yPyrJtPjLDpFq1vqEF0dStyUaPyj5cmOAd3vXa3ALQ/KwkJOQCflz7muW8ZbNU1GLToIlkuJMCeUj54l9vaupdjy+W0il8M9Cv9T1a48R6pta9nzHbjOfs0foPqMZ+ldssIaHB+7nOKSysl0yzjjXHyqFOO+Kk3ArVEy2HIA0VR7NlCyYPFSVMiBiruo2haHGDSVIDtwFIzZpjnmm0C5USedt70xmzTRKqnnd+Ap6HC+hPSrjsGxG14kMgX5sn2rkfiDrUPivXLTwtD5m6/iea+AXiOBMZz6E8YHeui8R+ILbwfoVxqN9uEFmN8rAZIB4GPU5IrnfhtpklpZ6j4l1c/Z7vUifOZvvxwD/VnHrgAY9qAuih4403z/E9joumzuv8AaUKXF3GvRYNp25/2m6EegFZviz9lDQtTZZdIH9hyoQVNuOvvzXT/AAs0R8XeuXm2W61l/Nidj80UQJCoPYA4rrVlVjkbSB0GacRnjc0/jv4RwSyTouvaVagssrvmTaP9kV0nw3/aK0L4iRRmO5awuGO17e7HkkH2B5rvbyKS4gcAqEk4ZM/eHcVxHjb9n7wx4+uUmmsYrG+TgXcIzJx0HpVjijulX7S3mRlWhx1U5zUocZ2mvFdS8LeN/hQzPpOovrlig4juHC4X0wK0PBP7U+k6rrCaXrdtcaPqRwu+aIpET7MeKg05UetNB5rfjVbVZPscDKA3zHbwOxqSDVra4SOWG5trmAoZN8MgdcD3FZej6m+uancT+dILRWxEpHDD1rP0M2rGrpVnBaWgjiUqPvEkd6l/j/GoBc7gFV9x96mJAgZvQUE3aHuuW4Gaqa7pFr4g05rO9torm2flo36GpGujCKFuRMmDxQaKVzyfxb+yfpF3fC90G/utBvEGVjt1+QH6mvKfFHwz+Ivw2+Mdv4xulXxLHBprabG0j7ntkb78igfxGvq6KHGcPkE8g06KDyZCVb738J6VpGQXR8keNY9C+ONr9nt7rVtK15R5Wm/ZofstzDJnJTzCGO3HsOtfQuhaNZ/BX4VR28DFk060LiSQ/PLcMoIUnuWkZwak8VfB3SNe1UaguNM1WA70uoBl93rWMvww8Qarf2Frq10tzomnXS3hcuC90wOVDD2PNEnctM3vhd4Sk8OeFPOlll+16h+/nVh/q2bkr9AeK6kqscQPtTcExszMWLEnJHWmYMgxQKW4llfQ3E7Dc6keowKsxnceOnY1VuLcsBz0/WrEbiOP0/2ey1k1cyJUl8sc1wPjLxNZ6D8RbiSZ5N9hbpNFEq5ErHjA9TXbb/ObnpmuBt/Bsev/ABvv9YubhWsLK1jNvASNsUg6t+NXaxpGRreH1Xw3pVxreqbP7QvASeeTEeVC+reopbOVfB3h37ZdAPq18dzZ67z93+lRRRx+PNeW8eFf7L0ly9or8KZRwxPtSaZKnizWX1ifa2m2ZIgEhxuQdWx7U4+YqmuxbEg8IaI+qX6ebqV6cso5KSHoB7VDYK3hjw3c6lcLGuqasdxBblZDwMe1O0y6HijWZtWcq2l2mVgXPEq/3z9KqtLB4r1Z9anYtp2koyxpj5HHXd+FBHNYkiV/h54e/dH7Vqd6coX+9vPJB9B70W+34XeGDIo+0arqDF17tIzc7T7CofDjvqepXPiPU5I44BGFijLfLtHQ0/QJ/wC37m48Sakot7aLKQq3VAvRsehp27h7Vj2sW8H+Hpbhv3mragADnqwc/d/4Dkn8Khv5I/h54bjt7fEuoXpCYBzI5PG8j0FV9J1Btf1qfxJdSTDToFZbOJ1wFdQct+NS+HI/tkj+JtQijhmWNjaEtysP8Sn0J9KqOwPUlvAvw28KzjbHLq918+3dzcS/w/8AAc4BPavmb9v3TJvCX7EesWUm0a34n1m1SeTPLkyhy2f7oQEZ9hX0PpsY1x7vxTfriGK3kFgr8GCIg54/vegr5f8A28fFD+JvBeg318JzpuqahFDY2xT5jbsSCdvXcGxx6US2FRjaVyH42fAb/hMv2FPDnhTwjZm/1qEWNzHZ27qst41viR8luBkJxnrmvWfh7/wUB+Gnjzwasms69D4Q1yz2m90vUD9muLKXaARtbAYfKcbSc4PFU9B8VeGvgnJN4q8TahYeHdKjs0QW0koXYq9AoPJ/D0rl/Df7TXwB+Nut3l1reoeF9W1+5kTyU1HShHLIqE+WI3eHEhwzDHox5qvsnHV+LQ6L4a/EnTP2u/2uNB13wu1zqnhP4e6ddRXGsyQsiXVzcbQIomwA4ULk46Fq+orcrIUAZpMDGSK86/ZjFm3wzhn0yyjsLS8mnuIoI4RGIo2kIQAADjaK9Ft5Ps+FxtHpWM9DWjBLU+M/+CkC7PjhpQ7f2FDj/wACLivtVLRdrIH+Rxhlx1FfGPxrv5r7/goZpUc000sdrrWjxQq7llhQi3cqoP3RudmwOMsT1Jr7X2BW4r8f8PLVc8zrFLrWULf9e+dXv5326H7F4iXpZHkuFfSi53/x8jtbyt8ysy/Z3+QBFxjaBxQ8hc52j5hg8VJMMmgYC1+tH5KQIoLH5R71LsVYdpiV9xyc+tMiIMxqegCtdSfZU9Aea6vwlL53h+3b13f+hGuV1OPzkrqPBy7PDtuP97/0I1y4z4F6l09zkdYYJq11wf8AXP0/3jVXdvGQDU2uuf7Yudv3hM//AKEaiWYmL53QH0xXqUvgRgMaQLUZh53F2x6dqhf5puKmuJQkNbGguNo9qlByKrx3Cun3HB9c8VNE2RQA9XxSZzTEPzU5l3VmBIh+WpFORUKwtUinZ1oAfTSPno8yjzKAHE4FRk5NSUwrtoC1xuPmp6/d460jOIQvGdxxSNN5bYxjvQBmePtPl1DwlqMcKsskkP3h7c8flXzpZfGabxJ8cJtH8L6jfR3SQiKKyvbcNamWGLMqLydrDbISxAGVJBPGfpmUiVSCW/Pivib9lPQrf40/tEapqGrxqsjQ3WqtDBlITLJKqlSM52DzmwAc8LyRkH8/4v4kxmXZlluAwdr4iraV1f3I8vNZ30dpXXmvW/3nCPDeEzDLsyx+MvbD07xs7e/K/LdW1V42fk/S30f4F1tZPiLBJPDGmofZGbUZ4W326SEfc392xXpFjeRXEKGH5lYZAHUVg61b23gDwHqD6fBBF9htZJ44ljG1mRCwzn5u3rWBaWvjG/tYL5P7PhScCQRIroMHkZJ3HpjpX6AfBnoslwFX7rflTZ7n7JZySsCFhXc2fSuKn8U+Nraf5tGsri3jUZZLxdx/Dbn9K5rxn8V9X1TUY9ITwve3E0sRkuUhv4QYl3YAI3ZGeoyKnpdjguZ2R2PhNBr+vT606MQ3Fur9fLH3W/EYrqzMqrtwx9wOK8N+KP7cnhD9nvTkXxpa/wDCMBIVWOG4u7ffIAOy+Zv6eiGpfhR+3l8O/jexfwxq0urgEBoreznlli/3kRWIxWKrR5uU7/7NrKHOo6HtMjjOE545FeLfFP8Abu8BfDfxxJ4Wa61TWPEUA/e6Zo2nzXlzFnI+bYpUHg8ZrqfGPxk0uLSNQhtprj+0BAxiItZRzxg4K/zr8lfhH+3l8RvgFFDpOi2mm6Nq/iO8mkutVu9KN+Jh5xW6vLmUZkVYsBRGMdTiqnUcGeZJTc1Tjofp/wDDr9tDwL8bdfk8M6bfahp+vQKJLnTtZspLGcIem1ZANx9hmvYrKVI0SKFhhQMivxo+MvirxBqH7R+i6r4o1DxJ/wANAf8ACxVs7bTHRo9LtNKTYQY4yu4sUweWIAPSv2M0bVYpLC3LXVv5qxJvATn7ozn8cn8aqnUc1dkR5k3CXQzfjR8LrX40/CTxL4Qv0xp/ifTZ9NuWxkhJY2QkDvgNX5zfFv8AZV/aG8BfD34dWujeAdH8VeLvhR4kttQsPF9hdxI+qWcEbRxpeRu8bhwrKe/+rXmv06TU7eSMsjFyvJweg9cV438dP2sdI8G3Z0DTLm0u9euofMih+d5JULbcGNR3bjG4j1FcmJo88rns5fjpUoOlOKlFu58D/ttfCXxh+1L+1t4d1OPwzqXhPT5rG10jxBp1xcWrXd+0Nyt0kZhikfanmKc5Y/KWOe1foh+zZ+z3B8GPDNwoi8nVtSbzbqMf6tPlUJGD12oAcf7xrnf2ZP2eL7RbtPFfin7XLrF7CEsLa4VEXSocklCiqo3knrjoa91idbAMzBt2eCxzxSw+G9m+YeYZnLERUIq0V0MW+8STeEdEuJtStRJawKXke2O/av44qj8Mle9abXrpZDcah+6RGH3Yx90/lUniO/8A+Er8VJoifdtQJ7pv4JEbouK6NbCBLdY0G1IhhNvAFdljgpvQnyhPAYZ9RQ6iqSNew3Z2sksGM4C81btbhLiLd9z2NBHUAgBqQSYFMZhK21eppI42Dlf7pxWZJJuFNYYNSCPatMZcmq5QG00pS4+alo5QWoIStMaQGbYd7SH7mB3p3nBzx96sX4heKD4O8Lz3CwPdXjgrawxnD3D91X3xVGqijnfFsh+JGvP4ehfdYaVIj6lK3CPuAdYz7jg1n/GrxPLbeFtQ0C3jvr3xBJFvd44i0PlscqWK5b8lNXdK0GT4SeCZr+UPcm4Y3mptnl5G+8R7Z6DsMCtT4X6PdSae2r6oE+16mSmGXkQdU/SkVyoyfD3xj0hPDtt9qinhjhjWN7iJM20ZxyCSc/pXaaJqtnqekx3FjLHdW0oyssZ4Ye1YHiX4N6br92LuOW50+9RSFktn2Jj0KEFCD7qTXFXHw21nwRfyXsAa54OZdMAR093hYssh/wBwJV6MiSR7CiooBwxyMg9qiMAM33iPpXmfg/41Xtl+71KNdQihBPnxK0F2gHZ7ViTn/dY/Q13uieK7HxVbmaxvILmEc+YrYIP90qfmBHuKNjM0DYJIeT9f9v61gePPhLovxItPI1TT0viwMccjjDQlhjK4781vOcrt3jPXArG+IfjCL4c+CNU1m4WXZptrJOBu++wUlQPfOKnUD5y8QeGNV+Cnii08NeFda1O6tLlRJIhhEixbgWijwGU5Kht3PGO9elWvx/uPhrpVrZeLfDOsafHGoWS/toRJCW9znP6VxX7GPhGf4j+LdU+IWofavLvpXW0hkclQxYkuB02jDoPTcK+kbrSoNRidbqKGZJPvJOm9fyNUNK5geB/iJoPxDt/O0e8WcdSG+V09iK6T5TGVL7s8HmvNPHv7N2m6nKt94fuJ9L1SA7k8uQrE/sVHWufHxX8dfDRtviXRJdUtICqrNaoEyuDyfpgfnU7l8qPbGtDMB6DjrSfY9rc1yPgP45+HfHdqJNP1KFpT8r2pPzxH3NdTHfLcKGQttP8AeBGfzqeUh7k0luqmozFk/ecD07VITgU0Plc0uVkahFboZOn41JIQiFdgIPemiPzVyHC/Wggrxu3e9IuO4p/fdTxjGKXAjFIi5pJjWg5DnfcailzikqQnFBO5Hbx+aw9hlhXl2h6l/wAJR4x1vTbNX+ZNs9wo+QLnoD616msnkXSyLyOcj14rz3RPE3/CO6Bc39mkKX+pXkttBCU+Z2BqtQehsalMt7t8O6R9/wAtRcv0WJf7wPqabrlmuvSroOlwtDFZEJPMRhVUfeQHvupgJ+GfhWI7fP1bUZGZMfeLtyVPsKW/1g+CNAtrC3Iu9XvFwdv3pN3V/wAM0vQqMrmXdeM9HvLtvDehutnFp7C3vGcbVhPeMnnkir2rNFq0EPh7RgsWnQsI7pl+715jP+8KbeWkfw/8PrZx2K32sauR5ioo8yQnjzs+i96qv4RtfAWmCCF57jWL5CshEh2ux480D0X+lMqUUWLvTYPH9zBp9ihXSLJ9k5HCXGODGPUjFT3fk+OZ/wCzLOTzNKQeRcP03hePLHqRis3xDHNpumR6Bo93HBe3CjccZNux6yt7Gob59V8FWMGhaZLb3Go3HKukf+rc9Xb2NVyszNh7xvE13b6NZxj+yLRv9LuOkbInIVT3YEDNRa01p4/v2t4Gng0+0bdJJtAilccgqc8r71U1Jm8KaGugW9tObrV+HkVv9S55kY+xGQPrXmP7THjLw6PCeleArLW/7Lu9WmgtJB5jCWG28zfNIWXnkKFyDkbqnzA7H4oyah4z0aDS9Ilkg0yK5ie9vISPvhwBGvqCDk+wNeIfH3xHpvxP/bP+HHgq1kju7Xwyk11exHhIZFUfMPUAL/48a1PGvhKx0680zwj4B8VajpmtTPFJczQyPNF5LH5pGeUuF4ycYPTrXm3gP4Umb9uQaPY397qCpYSTajqMxjB3LtQFSiLhSMgg5yaipOy1OijTTT5dWavwU0Xwx+0z/wAFB/G0HjaFdSTwrBB/wjmi3i5t5owBm6VfuuMlQQwP3l4r6g+OP7O3gH4p/DW90nxNoehDSlicfbDZxLLp6qCcxuoVlxjsa8q/aK/Zv8JeNPFfhSy0/ULrwr4k091hg1eyvY4riOMA8uM5cE7eCMfLXEfF/wDZO8ba94cu9G134zeLfFNjHE0lzYm0t7OHyVBYeYyxlnBAxwQeetR7RM8ythMVDWpGyPQv+CVXirVvEn7MG28vJtRsdJ1G50zRtQlDCS+sYZCsLMGAPTNfTMCmdNzt83+1XO/C/wADaT8NvA2k6NpEUNvp2n2cUMCQrtXywuFOPUgcnvXQuqLC397PHNabmtOm1FXPjP4wtt/4KGWZz013R+f+AWtfbUNxk/df644r4i+DHP8AwUDus/8AQb1f/wBAua+14Wx/u1+O+FC9v/aeP29piamna1pb9fitstvPT9g8V/3P9mYDf2eGp6973jt0+G+738tbBkyaVot61XMqbuM7qfGzMc/w1+tH5HEQoImqeMjb8/TtUIdXcgkClcEr/u0FDdTfyYie2Ca6LwLcC48K2r/3t/8A6G1crNcJJG6yTKmFPWun+H5VfCFnsPmL8+GHf52rkxnwL1KhucVrl2YdbvsdVuJP/QjVEX7zNzG317VNr/za/ff9fEn/AKEaijchNtevR/hoxJfNCUqsLg80yOPHWp0jHatC47AIgvHRacECHiRW9hSFPejAT60DHA4NODMars/NSxPQBJ5rClBJHNN8ynVPKAb9lKsuajYYamqG3VIFuM5FOqOJsLTs5bipaKiSFFyDtL46AGojGjjcQQ/oTTznHFRYO+ktyjnvivq9z4b+F/iTUbKTybyw0u6uYJNoby5EiZlOCCDggHBBFfNP/BObw5Dd+KPE2rFpftFlbQWiKCNhSZ2diRjOQYExz3bg8Y9w/a61q60D9nLxRPaSeTLJBHbM20NmOWaOKQcg9UdhnqM5GDg1wH/BOrRbaD4Ya5qKxf6ZdaobaWTefmjjijZBjOBgyyHIGTu5zgY/I+IP9q8QMsw0tVSpTqNPb3uaKa8+aKb20S1ex+sZBL6twFmWIWjq1IU01vpyyaflaTS31b0W57P8QEibwrcxz/6u4cWz4OMq42n9DW5Y2gTTIUy2AuBz0Fcz8TbaS+0S3towN02o2w+96yqG/wDHd36V0aXZgCK3dQfpxX6+fkZFql9Fo2m3Fy4k226biN33q4Ww8HhfDus+IbgzTatdK037tiu1EQiMY+n61peIdVl8VeNxpULeVZaZGLi8lk4WQnBEeegGDnPrxWB4n/au+GvhDVYtHu/G3heDUmYxR2v25WaQ4xtwOPzNZ1I3jYrD1o0qqlLY+Gvgh4U+3/sZfEj9oC9ksde+JkM15ePd6tELw6XbW90wazQNlkl8tXAKnAxXcft9+BvCXw++Hfgv9or4erb6R4q0vUNOnikswEj1qC6ngi8maM/K7kTk5wB8pr0jRv2HW0jxRrniT4P/ABDOh6X4rkee/wBCu7FNa0O4mcguyAuuwk53DcR83QV4T/wUy+FWqfB74OReK/HXjj/hLNYsz9g8M6JY6d/ZWk2E0sbgyNCXkdzFGkjqC4AZE4+YV8/mmOWBws8Q1rE/TOHcNHNMwpYWhPm52o8vrp+G59KfE/8AbptIpPC9p4Ct9P8AGl9raPdyQWkgliS2SPqWHCPvxgc5r58+K/7P3wa/aw+LGm6nLb3/AMLviDLPHJLtjiEckwZf3jxNGyM2QDldoJ9+a+Mv+Cf/AIa1zWfj0upaTda5t8JafP4ivoNPumikvYYACLdguFKvKwU/Lnahx1r6L/ZD+NXxJ/a4/aT8Tal4m0fS9P8ABOHt9Ztr2w3ppbjJSGJ8iUN33ZxxyK8HJ+NFjacOam7ydr/d/mfWceeCscqxVanRxUX7OPPK71T6RXXU+0/gn+wT4V8EePZ/FviDUtX+IXiu9iMUmr69i4kYDDFhlFGQF7AnA6mu08Ta98NPBkspuho8ksWd0dqkcrJ/veWcr+JWvMPg9+zFq/iCzu71fHWs3Phy6JtrLTp3W+itcdXG5thBHG0o2K9F8JfsZeFdDlVL1tU8QNA3nIdRmHkRMeuyBFWNf++a+81tpsfgypQpSa72++x442sT/tI6gIfAOi3Flp4uGikmuGmgBxwS7ZClPbBz0zzXqPwf/Yb8OfCuyjvJJruXXokZBfw3MgW3DEsUhBYlVyc455r2jTLFNEtxbWtutvBEoCqhxGv0XoPwq3FKzyk8c/eBHGfpU2uOc9NDgIfg7cRXIlj8VeIyzHJaWaGRs+pZoi2fxqHxVZX/AMNVsr641zUNXjnv0gkguPKLSAq3RljVs8euPavRBalpMjjn04rgPiBdxeL/AIs+HfD/APrEsZf7UnIOMPGCoHuPmraJib/w78LPpdhJeT7jd3cjMSTyIycqPwrp1iwKr20Dhwqtgbzj2FSJG4Jyd2DSbNoysSBQj553ex4pGjVuMce1ODBx9KbWbZIzydh+Tr70LqAifythaU8nFSM2R05qOQybP4frjn86QDxceaCBG6sOSSaEl7HrVLUbKS4hBgnMUq8gkZH41WsP7WimkjuYoHXGUkV+WP07VoS2bRcKeaasin/CksnjfKM3zrjOegP1pjxlZmAzx3x1oEmPKi4+4vfGa4YLJ4t+KVwxk8yw0EAxH+ETjh67MoX4GRXOeIPhNp+ualJfxmfTtUZRm8tCQ5/3lbKN+K1WxSZleOby48b+NLPQbdtlpakTXpPTYfX2zXcJHiJY40YRwqEU+uOOK8gvPhL4u8E65Jq+h63HqUpGJY7mEIZAOx5/kPwptr+1BdeEoo4PFmj3GnSSSFTJbK0yH3JwMU/QrmZ7GxaPbn1609NlyJPmyAeQvFZfhbxhY+L9BhuNKvIL2OQBsBgXA+laRjS2k+7jeefmrO6ByMfxR4B0fxNa7byyh5O/zEXZJG46OHXDgjrw2PY1554l+EWtaWTe2bJqc6sWiurZ0sL4e2QRHJ/wMGvWfMxLIq/wnHNMmtlc/Mnmf7JGVP4dKUdhLU8W0L9oHVfC+rrpl9aXWoKP9bHLbfZr1fX77BZP+AdfSq/xq+IVn8btGsfDdh9o8m/lWK5ZQd8LtIFjjkVtuMsOoJ4zXo3xek0b/hAr+91yyttQtbaMnyblS2cdlOcr+BFfP37KWk+KPjh8PNWvknXT9Ia6lTT4pVYtIUf5NrE5UDseeneqK5T6f8CeFrPwD4W0/RrNEihsIBHGo+mWJ9ctk/jWmX2n5q8T8N+NvGfwt0VrTxDCD5cqpDJc/vY3Hp50KgL/AMCX8a7nQvjNb6hOsWpWr6bMwyGJDW7+6yZwaI7kXsztFTHKj34pLuFNRtmjnjEiEYIcZzVaO8FzEskbRvE4yrRPvz+VWBM2z/Gq5Q5mea+PP2YPDfiq3nmijbTbphy0B2Bvr3X6ptPvXIaaPiJ8BiEYzeLNFHC+aWklgX2ctuwB2YmvdgC6kHnPtUV06xw+ZcFfLRSCW+6gxnJHfpj8c9qoLo8/8F/tN+GfFQ8u8vU0m7EiwiGcnLsfTFekIpYMiLjuHJ4YeteKR+CLfxdfz+Jr3TLO3s3k2WcCoMmEkjzHHBBYAN7c81vfBmyNz4v1C709pbXSLB2so7YyNIkzhVJkUsSQp3jA56HmokrDPTYhgcsH9xUw6VD88arvADbf4akEnFZvcAZsGm0oXdSuKcQG0qruNJSgOD8qA/jVBAraghtdNZu3Oa8w+E+hNpmiS+INblAj82W5gZvuJGJCoYD16c/7Qr0Dx/qs2leCdSuREm63gZlJfo2Dt/XFcV4CkuPGfhjSdPtFjXTbG3jW6aQ7hMQoDIPbIzVR1KqI6HRkGtzS+IL3MVuq/uxJyIgOkn0NUdGT+yYZvEupbQxVvs6sP9Uh/g+p7Ul3HP441VrC1cJo1gALh0P/AB8AceWB2x600W0vxA12aPCx6FpexRz/AMfUysQ30VccHvVWM4i+FVed5PE17vDSo0lqjnmCLuh9zSaDqC3UN54nvw2wK32GInlYyPuH1JNGr/aPiBrb2sEgg0TT3HnCNcGRxyMH+761bdF8S6pDbqkcWlWaFpCD8u8cgD1HvValEOkTf8I5pd14i1AIbu6jwiFeWX+FR7ioPC1w2laPdeINdZY7m5yIuMbE/hqTTIpviJqx1C6RbfSbA4toycCV14Ofb3qOwS5+IWsJLJHDDomnSH7PvfHnSDhgw/u+lSBYsZJNPtbrxHqKH7bLHshiPQL/AAHHvkV4l4v0P/hEvilb+KfEGnxlrq1kffJECsTHpFj1btXtq3cvia/knkYQ+H9LJcgrlp2X7y57AdR64qvF5fxFuZdaulhbRbOJjaxTxgeeMZDnPQj0o2FHY+e/B+r+Fbm28Y+KNa1u0tDfW62z6emY7q02D5Yg3ZiNw49RXit98SvEeneBfHnxV8LONH8T+M9f0/wroizjK6eCdjFgMdE5OOpGa9W/bdUeJfgzcztY2OkwXVwiW8tugWS5zkCY+6nt3x1rzXxb8NtLtP2LrfR/E/iK+8O6abiK60W/srZ5dTn1Pepikit0y0h+UgqO2TmuXFyco2R6uAlRpVozq7Lc+YPif4z+Dvw0tviJbeNoLrxJ480q01KK11u+8SSfabvU7e6S1eNLaMJiMs8jpyThOa7/APYO/amufgx8TNJ+F19P4rn0vxvpUHl2fiO2aLUtPmKoRJubDNbuGk2ccgdTXDaIs/wo8Wab4q8VfAP7RsW/s73WNae8tLLWobqVZXnvo5LeWQ5ZQwG4BSTivqL9kn/gnbpeieOfD/xevoPDenX2r3UMejaX4cM11pVnb7lLOJ5jukcxqw27VxuOOleTH2l9j6SWMo1IVPaSTh9ldUfoDZeIobiyi87bBkDHGA7Hrj29BWld3NtpNnJcXd1bw28MTTSyyOEjiRRlmZjwAAMknoKZDZictlIwowVBT7o7CuJ/ab1q38NfAfxXeXizSCTTpLRPKxnfOPJQkEjgNIpPsDgE8HqzHGxweBqYqe1OMpO+3upvX7j5TLcGsXjqWFo/8vJRjpv7zS0+8+dv+Ceemz+J/jvq+rXkMt/Jb6bLK97OhlMdxJLH8xkOcSOvm85yw39RmvsbULqO2sXmlmW1hh5d36AetfMP/BOrwVcXHhPxRqwlVYbu6hs4gjkOrxIzsSMYwRMmOeobgcZ9j8XaQ2oeLvD+mX2oSLAYJ5UgC7Uu5VC4DPnjAPAx82favz7wfwUqHC9Cc/iqOc3fzk0n53ST+Z+g+L+MVfievCHw01CCt5RTa8rNtfI2YvjD4YW6EB1e3Z8/LtB/en0FdPZyLMN3mDjByOgBAYfoR+deLeG/GPjTVvigvh/VPh9oqeHJbpoV1VJNssUIGAcbepwTnP8AFjtXoXwrtJn02+gVlms7KeRYJXk+Zhuzz9CSPoBX6WfmJ2EKeeMoVYeoFOLjGKrIrQjA27fZqVLjLUClsRX1opRsR+YSp6V0/wAO4vJ8H2q7duDJx6fvGrnr6ATwn733T0OK6XwUmfDFqP7oZRn0DECuXGfAvUqluef+IDnxFeLjrcSc/wDAjTBH5YrR1xFGqXhxz57/APoRrOUlq9Si/wB2ib6i0oYilQd6cYea05hjQWalGakjgpxgwaIgReTmnbCKmDbKYzZNUAlOVsCm0UASUAZNNVsCnK3NRLcmRJTRLtNOqGVaRSZYWcFaUjcKoRu6v8qqfqauJNlfm4PtS5UVzHhP/BQu+mtPghZxxTSxx3WsQxTKjlVmQRTOFYDqNyq2D3UHqBW7+xNp8Nr+zdoMkVrCjXT3MszooVpXFxIm5vU7VVcnsoHQCvL/APgpNfQyXvg+1WaJriFLyWSION6IxhCsV6gEo4B6Eq3oa+hfg7Z3GlfCHwrbXEUtrcW+j2kUsUqFJInWFAysp5BBBBB6EV+Q5N/tPiHj63SjRhDvrLkle/S2qt11fdH6znH+zeH+Bo9a1ac+2keaNrdb6O/TReY7xvCRe6MIzsLagCcd9sUrD/x5VP4Vu3qDypeFbAypB5BHQVz/AIuPn+KtDhUklpnkI9AInwf1aukdY7Ylgo3Oc8V+vn5JzaaHyV+2l8UNQ0rRvDXg3T7680O9+IHiePS9Q1EDyvs1ufNfCycFSwQDgg16j4c/Ya+FfhLwlNpKeCtGvFuItlzJc2qzSXh7yOzgsWY8nnrWz+1B+zpp/wC098MbrQdR860nE0dxY6hFGWk064XcY5lwD0+bn/arybSv+GpPA+lf2V5Pw18QkZgh1m8vbm1lKDgO0Iiy79ztI5rNyuzhXx+8cz4B0SL9kD9t+HwZ4evLlvCHjDSJtQTR3dnj0aVJGGF3EsAwHA6Y6Cvkj/gtp8Yl1743aH4Nt5Ga38OWI1K8j3ll+0zjBGCeCkQi4HeR/SvsD4R/Cy+8B/HG78QfE2+1LWPHfiAtJdXkVk8Wm6TaRIWRICT15HJAzivyn+OPi+/+P/7S3ibUYf8ATLjxP4hmFoM5LGWYrFHj+4q8Zr818SMxdPBwwcPiqSX3H9IfRp4dhXzatmmK0hQg2vXW35M+8v8Agjz+yLaax8DtT8XanaSJc+Kb+RLS6DsrRWdsxiHAIB3zEnBByGJr7Cu/grr2maRqGmJa6LfabrkyPdzxR/Y50OR+8fZjzHAB9ua6n9nL4UQfBX4J+FfCtqf3Oj2EMG7H+uZYgrMfcvlj713iR7STL87dQT2r6nhzK6eEwNOnyq9j8y484jr5xnWJxk5O0pvS/RaL8FcxrDw3Z+ENNSPT0MUUUKxRoBsQY4ztHGffGatX+syabZbrgSSKyj/VruNaDxrcriQbk9DShPLXCcD0r6N7HxM7yK1rqMdwV2y/IwHyZ+YfUVYERa8YIOMHk1T/ALDijuzcJGscxzucdW9KU38umae8ku6QRKZHIGTgDJx70ak20sS+INUOh6P58m1fJQkKD/rT2U/XpXnXhbQJbbxtodzcA/2hfWE99Ix6qhEQVPwyT+Nat54jj+InjePTrZ/+JfpSrc3sj8fOwISMevLBj/uitm4VD8TbI7t2zT5SpHYFkz+eF/KhaBys6GI+Wi+vWpYeQc1XdiT61JE3l1nIfKLNHluKRDg1KGyOaC4WpKFXBXpUUy0n2jDU8neKqIEUmPKpE6UTxb1xmlRdkXNULlRWvdOW/hZUYwszBiV7kVBO2oaNtY/6WnTBPStFk877vGPSgq4GAxHrgdaBco2G4FxCCV8tj2NO/eQn/W8dxTJU3jnk1VltriCcSrh0f5cE9MUBylieJJpAQvPrVbW/C9j4isjb31rFdxMMbZBwamuLvy2XcAPxqZGa4xsMePdsU+gtjxvVf2XrrwpcPe+BdYvNKuhkrarhYsHqMmqfh749+JPAN2bTxjoryQwOI3voFaVmPr6V7j83k/f4qKexj1CyaC5UT2x6xsOKjU0jruYXhT4waB42lK6ZdLJL3SbCPn6V0uQuV3PHMVzgjA/CvLfHn7MOla3qUV/odxceG9Vj+aM2i5W47/OT0rj9a+L/AMQPg1a3UfibS01iyjUiG+RjJKPqB0FJdjVRRD+1l4hvfH/ifTvBmkM6l2czSL0eUgDym9ABl/rXsnw28D23gPwVp2kxRrCunwIqxIPlRu+PxJ/OvCf2W9St9Z8a6jea5qUY1V3kCJeOIxJJglpAT1JQgfhX0jDPuk3/ACupGN0Z3L+dXYmWg5LZbjeJAJcqUwygjB6j3FcZ4h+CdldafcDRpX0OeQEstvEggmP+1EQYz/3zn0IruFkW0O5j97p7UgZro8/OvbPai7Mup4XHY+LPhXFa+cBbWMX37i3JNs3XG+LJaIf7QJUdxzXZeHfjnBPtGqW/2dGAEdzaf6VBOfQSLjB9QRxXoMtsi8kK0mcg+hrkPEXwg0nWHlvEjfS7ph881m3lqfdogNj/AIiqUrjOl0rWrXVQn2eRZFk6bDuI+tcz8VZ5dQhtNItzIovpwbtsYaO3TLSYH+1wv/A64PxF4Q8SeA1W5tcqsbFor7TJ3gjHvNbuzBvfYVrpvhJrN5r18dS1a8tdRa8UQW1wiskY2fNJuDcrjCe1URLcd8Q9SSwZrGxR1vtUaLTFhVfliyoJceyIRz6sfSuz8J+HLbwvocFrbLgImG46nrXI+EYJvH3jLUfEIMkFta4srBsf61Az7n/4EWA+iCu3tLaaB49xEnHc1MtRxLKnCYbk0kIz5n+yM06Sb958ygN7ULsbqzLnrgViUSRv8lNds0jEr/q8N/vcUxWOfm4Pp2oAk8vmm3O6H7pxTvMplyVK9XP0FVEI6GB8TLdtR+HurW5/5bQ7QB35rHaSHwf4b0zQdNgX7XfIoiVfuo5GSSe1WPjLrh8N+A5bvkr58UQ29SWccY+gameHLT+ydNk1rU2dZpk3KmMtbr1AUeo6VtHYbdzP1iY+A9Gh0fSwz6ndlUYgfx5G9ye3c0niFW0exsfCukyyPcXMOJZcY8sdGOfXnOKu6VJ/Zlnf6/qGEvJsM0Z6RRrkLs9WYbWI9TUcVyvhbRLnXL5QLi+cSBRy6D0A+lWQ2J4nefw/psWgaIoN5cxGPzM42xnhnP8AtDPFTal5eg6Da+G7PFxcXMRjkc/wxnhm/wB4Z4FGhWtx4e0uTVtUMI1G8+bYXyIf9lTUNvBF4X0i81+fdNd3LboY2H3Ceij60tSS14jl/tkw+HtP+QbIxcuv/LGMEHI9ScYI96NYmju76Dw3p6IVWPdNKp+4ApJP1OKpwG48G+GBNtjm1e+l+Vd3LFyAFPsM1Y8P2ifDLws93d4uL++djxzIxPOzHoKl6F9Cz4ja3aS28NWe394UNz5ZztXIPP1xiuX+LPiFbrUbLwppcKojyKtyyf8ALsAc7R9cAH2Y1o6Bod14J0C91O68ttY1NtihW3FVdgEx7jIz6YrN13UrL4X6ZPqN+i3GrW42zN1M855U/wC76nsM1N7I0pxvsfPn7YEn/C1v2kvBPw50lTDaaLCk19Cg+VAHyB+IBrpNej0iT/go54M0zVBa/wBl6T4emg0S1Mv7o3gfIbbnBbZnHBryr9mHxT4g1n43eIfiFqEFlqMs7G0jLTZeRyzeSmP7pRgM+wr3D4x/s+aF8Sfhl/ZusvLa+KJ71Z7G9tbjytTtLr5ihjaMFwgUkH5h24NTGKepGKkoxt1PoLXbTT9a0C8s9TNvNpsqSR3C3EINuFIIIdXXbjnrivij/gn74kuz8SdX8P6HbE+ArPxnczaNLtwi2wTHloOmxXdsY9a1vFH7B3iLUYrLS/E/xg8d+KdPuX+zDR5rtLJLgr95WkT984+uPrzX0P8ADb4X6J8F9T8J+GdCsrfT9PsbKURwRKBt2vFuLdycyAZPJxR7NR1OeMZOXPc9Tt4ZHD7z0dsfTPFeGf8ABQ3xPJoXwQtdNivIYpNZ1KOOWAlTJcQIrSNgHnCyLCSy9CVBOGwfdo5DLnn+I18i/wDBSnxR9r8beGdF8jb/AGfYy3vnb/8AWefJs27ccbfs+c5Od/QY5/N/FbMfqfC+KknZzSgt9eZpNaf3b76PbqfpfhXl/wBd4owsWrqDc3tpyptPX+9bbVb9D179gnw3b6F+zfp91E0zSa1d3N5MHIKq4kMAC8DA2wqecnJPOMAek+LPCNt4oiiNw7pNbtvt5EGTE3qKl8B+HP8AhDfAmi6KJzdf2RYQWXnGPZ5vlxqm7bk4ztzjJxnqa2IIuK+m4by15dlWGwL3pwjF+qSu93u7vdny3EmZf2jmuJxy2qTlJejbstlsrLZHA2fgDxY95i58Y3j6YOViSzgD49NwTd+tdZougW2g6X5FqhMRYsxYYLMeprQkcxH5flb1FOR945+Y+te0eKVpIlEfC1Fbqd9XJUwKijO1jQBNnIxXU+Gl26LCP97/ANCNclC25q63w7/yBof+Bf8AoRrkxnwL1HS3OF1v5tcuv+u7/wDoRqHy/wDYq5qkITWLo+s7n/x41C5duhUL6Yr06PwRMiLYKUcU9IeKSQYNaFx2FU5FD/dpqDJpzLuoGV5xk0gSrBjpu3bWgEITBp1PKZNIYyKAEC7qVVw1OJ2ihW5rMTVyRV4pjp/ssfoakRsU4rmggqOm3oCvsaaHINWJoflqmwKvVRLjsfHH7d1+vir9oCz0/T1lvL61063sngiiZnMzSSSKijHzErLGRtzy2OuRX2oxxH/tV8YeLCfH37fkP9lf6UYNbtPM/wCWe37Kkfn/AHsfc8mT67eM5GfswHPy+4Ffjvhnevm+dZh0nX5E18LVNys0+rakm/k+p+u+JX7jKsmy9bwoc7T3Tny3TXRJxaXzXQw7uIXPxE0wE/ctpH+h5GfyJ/OuQ/as+Ojfs7/AXxH4witHvLjToClrCP8AlrNIVSD/AIBvJ3DuBXRwTfavi6i78fZ7eRce1ZP7Qnwi0z46/CjV/CuoT/ZrfV4SYmaTb+8XlGHsGANfr02kfkPK2mkrnnXgv9mHxR8S/C+m694y+JXjaDxBqVqk80Oh366dZ2EjDJjjjVDuRenzknjk1lWvxK8Vfs3/ALRuieC/FOtf8Jd4W8WQTnStRntIre7spYcsYrgx4VyU5DAAnvWV4H/aW+KnwT0CLwl4s+FfijxbeaRAtlba1octs1tqUSjEbsGcFMjGc85zWX4V+E3jz45/tAaP4++IttZaELOCWx0LRLeYynTkc7pLidskMxwi4B43YrOneUtNjz3TcmlBa3M7/gq1+0/afBD4ISW+g6mqa94m3WbPHjckRDDcOPYj8a+G/wDgkd+zX/wvz9qSO8vd8OmeE7RtRaZeN1wGxCpPuxJ/7Z1rf8FfPjjZ/FD9oxtM0/aLPRQEVQPQkGvtL/giT8CP+FZfsp/8JVdQhb3xxfPeAMPmFvH8kY+jNlx7NX4zjZrOOJo0t40z+vsvjLhPw2nipaVcW+WPfX/LU+s3u9U0AQwr9m1TapO22Qqx5ySMmprLxxZXs4hab7Lfd7WbmT/CtRpMDhQGHQgYqhq/hqPXV3skcbj/AJaBcP8AnX7RTjZW7H8ozlOUuee7NKeXMGdyx+5qGO8ZR/rI2HsK5q50vVfDieZBdRzW3/PFl3O/0NS6d4zgcMt4VtHA+UMOp9K0S1HdHTG4JHArF8beKDoGj4j5uruQW8MfdtwPI+gBP4VfgvCihthSEjPmMcjGOtcj4ZZ/iD44vr5x/wAS7SMW1mT0mcHEkg9uGAqtBm94R8CWeg6OIpYt11cHfctn5mf1PvVDQYD/AMLO1AfvNthYpAoY5xvYtn8QorrUl2vt/hJBya5HwKrN448Rz8sPtATJ7ccCs3sB2UKgrzTGzCeOadSF9hrOQChyRSP92lzmgtilysCItg9KkEnFJ5lDPuFWAH5TnOfanM3mLUccOW+9UmzYK0AryXyafDJJNOscaRs59TjtXnmi/tCytcyNqXh3XtN0cSYh1M25ngmHrlTlR9a1/ieH8Qatpug2u4yak3+nhDylmuTx6MzBhmpfirMNF8JQ2NnHvmuCthaRjohwuZMf7Kgn8ayLjsdDoniey8U2j3OmyfbYc/KY2FaAYGLptPXB7V4trf7L2oaZM134c1y9tL9QdzXM7yJMw4JxnnJGR7EVB4e/aC8TfD2T+z/GWiXCx2yiNtQChY2x/H64NPToKR7VJCr/AOtRT6Gol01Hbep5XkegrJ8L/FLw/wCPtOgn0zVLe7M4BRUP3sjIrdErREfMo9sUEcqM+BruzMnmNHLCh4CLhjVm01ZJ3jXOx3Gdp65qw0ib9wI9xUFxYwX8yuyldvAKnGDRp1DVbFgSeVIQ3flh6mqOsaaurxG0kj3W7EGTOMSDOdp9qzdXivfDssl79riNohy6MuWkPYA1a8MX6w6JHJNHNbrM5cmVs7QecVVrbBeRzPjP9nXwf4rMc9zoyme3OY5bdikkZ/2T0rmr34Z+KPh7ZtceFvEUt1bxZZdMvf3pPtwBXrzrx8mSkn8QNHkjGAo+oHJo1He54h4f/awk0rUUsfGGg3WlXP3XnbAiZu20c4FeteFvF1j4usvO065juh/EkZ5j9jVjW/CGl+IrRotQsredCMEtGC+fUGvIfEX7K1xomqy6l4R1uXTpWbeYpZGZXPpgUKwHsq3CGXbkBh1FTyHER5AHoe9eI6T8c9d+GrrD46sGtrCN/KXUdm2P2z3r07SviNoninQJLzTNXtLmCKMySSL0jGDjP1OB+NDaQGB8S/EE+t65D4R04lpL+Mz3txD/AMusKFTg+7kqPpuqr4o1RfFOmaZ4d04LZXV5kXII+e3iQAuB6EnaB7ZrofAmnf8AEtvNbvNkVzrEovFcjH2e1KgQxn3CbQfVhmqHwwMfjTWdU8UNZvbpdy/ZrQN2hX+L/gXBzU8wuVHW6RBb6Dp9vZwKFtYU2woOkQ9DV2GHd8wb6Y7VG0KwRN0YuwP0pfPJfpxU37DHvjd93n1pCcCpYwzDp+NMlTyo3b+6MipAiMir1Dk+xpO2T8o96EjOPMI61LFEG5/Q0AMzgcdKSSfHTevb606QYqKWT0HSqiBx/wAZY430vS45n8u2N9G8qN/EFcHJ+gzTtNe48U6s9/fsI9Ls3YWp6CZgSCzeqnqKr/FbSpfGPiDwvZK22L7abmRe7qoK/lkn9KTxcw1W9g8M6cJDbQosd9Ijf6qIDAPseOtbRAZplzB46vVvrxHj0mwkdIYicKHB5dvUdh7VX0Yt40W48S3q/wDEthDNZQscBQOhYd+RXPfFPXLTXbyL4c6RfJFqFzAbi7aM4ZbZRjYCOjs2059DXFa34a/4SPxZpunaTqlzY6RdQ/6dH5rCC2uB8ojRRwgPPA71XKTynrmlXdv4xum1nUpY30iL5rSIDCqv95/Uil0zVo/FliddvJ/L0u2UzRQrxtC85PqRiuDj+KuoXniq98IahpTWunaSP9N1FFCwRjkhcD+8AfyrqtP8TaT46+xaRoE8M2i2kaSTSr0AXhYz6ltpqi+VmjoN9DcWtx4k1hghjVnhiXhYkAJV8erdPxo8J3KX8d14q1gNbwwvvs4n+7BGgy7kdyRkikhntfiD4m+yQ4Gkacu6XHR5AQVX6KRyKW9cfEHxB/ZFqh/sexKtOR0mwQdg/Ec+1ZvsRqZc+uSx+HNR8ZagssUdhHM9lZocLKwBKnH95sAL7mvnr9prx3qfww/Z9mvPEN5Nc+J/GEjW9r5R2/YIZlKgKOzgHaTzy1fQXjfWI/G3jXTfDMELNoumyrPf3ScRNs+aJP8AgMipu9QCO9fLPxX1DU/2mf8Agonp/h+1tPP8L+D9ksaYBSWQN5jt6bVPasasox+I68PFu6jucN4P+DerfD74i/C/4br4j1TQ1+IOmS6nq11azeVcCKIEC2R8fIWwMkc7c4IPNfW9x/wTh+D1zoq2EXhiWGcYX7dHqdyuqDuXFyJPM3deS3evJfjf4b8I/tRfFW+0y+8Vab4XufCF6LfSNQTUoba4jnQEHaGOWQFhle+Ksab4K/aY8WWuo+HU+J3hB9FhPkt4hi0l/tc8eOoDsYyxHcYFTCtF+6jixWDxNKXNXhcP2Qfitd6H8U/iVoGsa1deKNN8DanbWGi6jMwa5Ecqti1dwAHeMqoZiMnb1r6O8Dxvf/FXULjUZFlv47JXRFGFhicgjA9TtXP0ry/9n79nbSPhTa6ZYaMZpNNtL5rrUry9UGbWL1/meXIJ+VeRjPBPFer/AA61+08WfEvxXc2m1hYmGxyB0IQll/BhXRLYijtc9Bgj3AEflXxZ4nsIPjV/wUCe1hhha1GsxxXEV8gMcyWUaidSo3Bg4gkCg8EMucZOPsbXfEcHg/wlqmsXSzSWuk2kt5MsQBkZI0LsFBIGcKcZIGe4r5N/4J5eHJ/FfxZ8QeJb5or2SwtNrzXJMlwbi4fPmhiDyVjmDNkH95jkMcfjPiUlmGZ5VkS1VSr7SS/u01r96cvuP2Hw3k8vyzNc92dOl7OL/vVHp9zUfvPspnCvjO73pVbNV1jOamiXFfrR+RxHvHuShFxxQJMUUFDpY2K/KyD6iqskZBqd/u1EzYoFLYZAuw11/hs50WH/AIF/6Ea455trD3Ndj4cAGjQ4/wBr/wBCNcuM+BepVLc4vWFLavdf9dn/APQjUSpkVb1f/kK3H/XZ/wCZqsY2/wBn/vqvRo/BEi2ooODTJVzS8/3hTGXdWpQgIWlVs0LEpPNP+zhVytABu46U09KXYaehGKAIC7A9Keo3imzu/BXoelEbsaABrfNN8vZUpbIphTmgBA2KesuTTS4SnJ89AEjHKVXIwalZ8DisLx74obwb4N1jV/J+0f2XZTXnlb9nm+WjPt3YOM4xnBx6VlWrQoU5VajtGKbb8lqzajQnVqRpU1eUmkvV6I+Tf2Xv+Ll/tkX/AIgsf3NnHPqGrlJ/ll8qUvGq4XI3gzpkZxgNyeM/Z3l7HXHPevj/AP4J3aB5vjXxFrHnbfsVlHZ+Vs+/5z7927PGPIxjHO7qMc/XFvceYCWJXaOMV+U+C9Ga4c+tzWtepUm/N35W0umsbW8rn6l4x1of6xrC03pRpwgvJWckm+ukr38zy3x74/t/g/ceMvG+sSLHpPhzTTdTE8bljVncA9id6r9RXwH8bf2jvib4i8JaF4t8feM/HHgfRfGqT3+i6B4RSGzuYNMiCES3U7ctJ5YbkEZ8xfSvvTxT8KbT4++DfiN4V1uRk0/xETYs45aCNoFXeB7OCcHjiviP4zfBvxj4P+HEHgL4ofBfVPipp+jabcaF4a8U6Bf+ZdWdvIvlxtJDuERKgKcFSD3r9IrOo6luh8hk7jDCudK3tb/O3l3Z7F8IvjZ46/Zg+OXhXwH468VyfEHwT8Qww8LeJJlSO7S5xuMFxtzvO3o2TnFe6fF34mW3gPS/E3iuYk/2ZatBDHu+7Ih2t/L9K+Vf2Qf2SvGWtwfDW/8AiBap4W8C/Bq3CaHpjCL+0tTu9qob65WPCrIfmGF4Oay/+CzXxxh0bwzZ+GdOga2vL5Dc3BWRo9zMAVzzzkNJn6CuPHY94LA1K9TZJnq4PJXm2d4XA0WnVk1otvO/na9z88Pin4wn+LPxZ1nVAvmX2oXzSIqj/WEZVQo9s5Priv6AfgZ4C/4VT8FvCnhuNAF0bSLSzAA/iRPmP47v0r8af+CU/wCz9D8df2w/DcN9a/bNO8NpJr+oqwyoSL7gPqTMIxg9Rmv3NI2FM/3cfT2r8+8M8NKbq5jUWs3ofsH0ic2w2HlhOG8K7qhG7/xNL9EQK7E1KqZbOaQS7GxUlfr2x/MK1WpDeoFQ/Llf5Vn6hoUGs2myaFNvYhQGH41pXDNJbyBe460kUJNsA0jH2qk7AcU/w6urBZxpuo7bW4QxvDOxdgDwcHt1rpfDWhReGdDtLGD/AFUEZUN3fPOT+NaH+r6CpXi3oMdqG+4tSAJuGw/w/Nn6Vy/w0uGfUPE528NqQVD64UE/zH511jvtjMneMhvyIrk/gYz3Xgr7XMP3t1cyu2ep/eOP5AfpWb1Gdkq+XEPc0zfvpytk0NHmswI/MpC2aUx4pVXbWgDQpNO8jcM0K2aFbzG2hip9QKBXQInltUsskZgYsfkx85z90VFMfKTru29zXIfFXUpdWht/Den3VxZ3+t5ElxEmTaQKCXcdsnhRn1PpRZhdDfB4OoeINU8RTSDE7i0hfsscY7fVnYf8Bqn8Ormb4h+J7zXJedM053ttP44lU5Bf6ggjPtWL8UPF/wDwjPhoeF7e6s7PUEaHyIWk23F5ACA5RT94YyM/3hXR+BPHmgxWEelWe7TXs/3a2t6BAz55JAz83Ppmqs2tBnaQK0dugznAqDVNKtNdtvJubaOZGGD5qhh+tTI5jizzheCMfdoW529f4ulRqO7PJfF/7KGj3Alu9BuLrSbocqVlIijP+6O1YFj45+JXwmvoY9Xgi8RaTGcPJawbSqD1Jr3W6iG4MPy7GgoLuIq6oAePugj8qYjmvhx8YtC+IumQyWdzHBKw/eW8h+dW9K6z/VtjG0981w3i/wCBHhvxRAzfY/7MvA2VuLRmRgfXCkD9K8l+K9/4t/ZrtILiw8TXOq2d5cLElrdlQSTnvjOBg0DVj6C1OH+25ls54m2bhKG/hbFS6pp0N6PKZX2EYwD0rxT4f/tiW0YtYPE9jf6ZdXnlbGW3YoBJ0yx6e/pXtdlew6zbo9rdQzgjcrROH4qtjTTlM+00u40URw2crP8AOSQ53YFajXe2bbMpVlAO4Hgmp4QIgfm3N0ORSTotwuGUMPejUy9Bwuyq/cyvqajSLe2cVBNoMaDdBcSwN3AO7+dNhu7m2vI4VRJI9pLSM2CKz9ADX/DNn4l06S11G1jvbeQYZHUNj35ryXxB+yJYWV3JqHh2eWy/iNtc3TR28nsxHQV7HHrUdwhVGHmA8r7e1SwEP2PuD0NHMB5V4g8S+JPEsieHH0JtOjulEd1eQyF7cJ/sE8gV6doulxaXYQ28S7UgiSPC8DgYzVtyD6DPHSjgcUrsBhiw1PVI1b5gW+hpk2Y1zUaPvXNICchd+5cgehNNuZd0RUd6jpMZegClcavHZ3lpG+4+ZJggGrrS+W5YAqD0zUWqaVHfxo0gB8s7h2pJW8yJVxgDjFAEol3mgRbZ1H8JGaiCeUOKmCmRCT296qIHnnxO8Rx6J8QNFX5jeNHIlpEpwXJdSx/A5H4ioda1Kz+CPw7vNVvmaW8uI2Zxu+eeUjoPYMc49Km8SS2l38SLia6iWNNLskkS5xmRCSSQo+prybxtqknii8srnxGZ73QDMZLsEEC1gP3H4xycgVtH4QKXhSWXRfCOu+J9SwvjS5u01O3Uj5p4sFRCg9NhHHTIzW1rckfhDw9qWglfNuPF6G80mdOG+1MgeVgeu1SeB2xWd4FvG8WWd1rt3LJBqHhpnNrbXUYjX7OCAnB65AHWtDRbaF3vtX1i7kjWaI6h4fuNoY6bGQQYUHQ5Cnrz+8+laASQX/8Awqbwfp9/Gpvtalk+y6rbzfvGlmm4L4P8Ktggdhmsex8IW/wl8Gaxo1jst/Ek9wNQtJYhtF4pb58gfe29eegJrQ8L+K4bvTf+E78QwGNri38i6tWX5bUHKrx/7MefemaZpf8AZmn6j4nuj9outHgN1o0Vy2Ctjk74gP4iSO+TzRZtmkbPQdq3xsf4R6LoWgxiO9fXId66lEMRwArje/cgNjNdppXxC0vQPDenab4Xu0u765Qw5J3NA+CfMfPUbj+VeRr4FtdHsr671djMdSh/tDTZC2fs3yGQRRjoeQCRXOXXjnS/hn8MD8SvFi3RlCNYaxHHG0baVs+6yKuMt06jncazrV6dClKtXl7sVc7MJl9XFV4UKGs5O0Y3tqej/GTxi/wZ+EPiC80m9gS4WyeOwMvzEXe3DM395R1x7V8Fw33ijw9J4S8NW2rS6XN8Y9VazvNULHzksIYvOuhE/VHZo1VT23Vwet/Fvx1+0fLBPp3jPU/JvrporXw0kgERUyfJCR95lOFOTk8mvr3xD8HPA3jn4bWVtrmqv4c8TaCo/sTUbZgs1nqLrvAjc/eVkkjjaP7rZbIyK+ZwGbQzVOdCF4p2ufdZlwuuHMXRhj6qlUlrKKTXLpu291t8z51+FE/wO+PWja74B8L+AfDd/wDEWXQV1TTdS1K/lu9QuQJ5VuXlfh45kEO7apwRXR/8EVvjX8TbX4o+Jvgh4utdRs3+wHU7OO7LGXTITISFkJJJ3KQy+grpdY/4J2fGrwxOdd03XvAOkX0+mLpJ1vTLO90TVJITMkxR4bQpD5m/PPBKk54Jr6U/Yi/YQ0n9ivw9qvjW/uNS8TfEbxlAn9o6pqExknkYEbYQTliOhyWJ4x0rqpxmqu2x5NbFRjhqnNWU+a9vLyPefGVsLHStH8NaZNHDNfT+W0hGTHwdzficfka2vhl4ft7CXVY7VVW3W5CKQPnYhAWLnuSWH5Gs+73+BfDB1LyY9S1y8mW42ynmVyQFUf3Que341o/B5byDQbiW9bdeT3M8ly2ODL50gYD2GAB7AV615HxOiSSOI/br8Z3Hgn9n+8t7fzlk166i00yxzGNokIaR+g+YMsTRlcgESHORwaP/AAT38G/8I/8AA1tTkjtfO1++lnSSNf3phjxCqOcA8OkpAyQA+eCSK8t/4KOeOIda8e6DocflPJo1rJcTSJMGZXnK/u2X+EhYlbk5IlHAGCfU7f4tah8FfE2j/C/wz4Oh8S3ml6TDJ50eoR6ctwQv7yTYyFQWYFz85JLHqeT+ErOsLPjrEZhi5P2eGjGhDljKbdSabsowi5X0qJ6PbfZH7nLJsVDgfDZdhIr2uKlOtO8oxSp07K7lKSilZ05brRvTdnvSjApHNeX/AA8/aZXXviAfCPifQLzwf4nkBktraedbi3u0xkFJlADMcPwBt+QgMWyo9OfLH77L+FfsGW5phcwpe3wkuZJtPRpprdSi0pRa6ppPyPx7MspxeX1FSxceVySkmmpKUXs4yi3GSfdNoKci4qJJMNjOT6mp+MZr0DzwPNQXEey4XHRlNSvg9KinDKM047kyK7/ersvCfHh+3/4F/wChGuNAaZyUBz9K7PwqrLoMG773zZ/76NcmN+BepdLc5PVSBqdzn/ns/H/AjVQ7Wb7gqfWGxqt0e/nPj/vo1ErB0y33+1ejR+BBLcTZ/s0oXFCnjmmTnArUQ6WIAUoOI/aql9q50zR2m2NKwJ+VRk1JDeG+tlk2lAyg7SMGlqBPu4qPyHmjfadp6daFbIqQjcKYEdtEYYI1Zy/y857VI33aYHz8vpTpX2igBgbJpwbI2jrUYGBmmhlY4+bdjAIFACzYWRQfTJqSyu4ZGOHi4GCC3Oa434h+JbiwuoNHtmK3dzC1y0pBDJEv39rY25x0BNcRa+N/As1siyeIdd06V5Fjju7yedDO5OAPkPl8nsMCpfYcdz2yOLenO76gV59+1nrEnhT9nPxTdW6xySyWq2hEoJAWeRIXPBHIWQkdsgcEcHc+HPiWS7ivLO5uoy9lP5MLlxvljwDuI+przX/goP4huNP+AsNvbzbYtS1WC2uRtB82MJJKF5GR88aHIwflx0JB+U44xksJw/jayumqc0rdG4tJ/JtH1fBeD+t59g6DtZ1IN36pSTa+aTRzv/BO/wAFwv8ADXxBrKzTLcXepCzdcjYEhiV1IGM5JnbPPYdOc+/SsLa3deXYAnNeZ/sI+H4NB/ZxsLmFpmk1i7uLyYOQVVxIYAF4GBthU855J5xgD0/WJfsdrdSDYR9nckk8A4ri8N8I8PwzgqVrXgpf+B+/+PNd+Z0eI2KeJ4lxtVO9puP/AIB7lvly2XkfNnxX/aG8QeGPEtn4M8B2VhqHj3xZeXUySXjlYLGzh+QzOR/tK2AeucVjS/s+ftJaUJNT034vaHqmr7hImm3OhodPuv8AZVl+ZPTJNYXxOsNY+B3x38G/GW10LUPEGgJZ3Gj6/a2EDXE0EUk8ksU6IOW2lgT6Yr1a8/4KG/DSHw7DeW+r6rfXcwBGnW2kXE+oO/ZfLABH419tUipSR+exr8tRS7C/Bv42XPxw8DaBHrdjb2Gv2eoXFrr1lCf3UFzA+JCO+N+1h7EV+Yv/AAVj+LjfEH9qLULdCstrpcSRDJ+6VyuK+7/gr4kb4ZfDj4i+PvF0P9h3etTz6r/Z9z+7ntxKxKjYed/lC3yPXPpX5JfE3xBdfFD4o6pqX7y6n1i/kWNcZaQO/wAuB65bgeuK/L/EzMHHCQwNP4pyt+X+Z/TX0bchVfNKmd19qSbu+m/+R+mH/BAX4OyeH/hb4m8dXUX77xLMljbORyIYMt+srv8A9+lr9CVjJX/CvMf2Pvg/B8Cf2bPBvhmNPs82n6bCbwYwTcOu+U/99u3616UhEIx50jfhxX2HDeWrA5dTw6Wtj8l8Qs8/tjiHE4/pKTS+Wg9YAT8zPn6UqtiLBOaW1ut0cqZzzxSLHmvoIbanxpHJkrj1pYxtXFPYeW1C/N1rQBeFpYpxzUUykDikjjMXJqJbi5UVtbnMWk3jD7v2dwfyNUfhlbeR4B00r0li3frU/i2T7N4RvGz/AMs2XP4Gn/D8fZ/h9o0J4dbc7ge3NRIZq2S7g27j3qQx+X/EX+tNHSgTKvepARjhaZT3+7UbnC1pHUUthrDaaVW+XjtTYz5nXrT96x5A+/0NAylquoR2WnXM8rbYokyzf3a5T4aWV5qV3qniDUXeOTUiYrWIDP2a3U/Lt99wc496g+JPiW31TWdP8Nwz/PdS79SaE7vs0AKnLemenPvUXxh8WHRPBsWmade/Y7/UI2tYJo2H+ioMA3GexVQ2M8FsDvWlrhGJzF7rUHjjxhqmonRbfXNPMEcfmyJveNFbACLyDub5vXoaa3w9h8U6eV0jUHDQsC+kalH5lvAfQgYkhb0x0613fwW0eHSPBkTLZmwN8wlEJQjykAAROfRQBW94g8IWPiSN47u1jfJBzuwUPt6Uc1tDM8al1vxL8O75MyXVhaJ96G63XWnN7CdSWX/tpzXdaD8adP1GG0XUlXTLi4A8s7h9klyM5jkzhh9DVXxhcXfwj01bmLUJ9RsWlERsrmQMNvVvmxk4HP0rzT4W6Pba94x8V60PEq6Lb6pO0thpwaI2MESrs3NG4LPvlVydrpkFSOtBXKfRkV2LpFeMo6MoYNGdwIPQ5qwLdimcr+deDWmn+J/ALArbvb6YnMc3h9zcWRHrLCSXUY/u/nXU6H+0Va2lnH/aMK3LO5TzbFGbGP70TDzEPu3HpU27FHpODnl2yPQcivm/xF5f7UHx/sbNPm0TR2Xe/wDz0XZmUkevmEmu5/aC+Pth4X+Gkk2japbS6jqBRLU28qvKN/3QwHTJqH9lD4T3HgXwTb6hqkSR6rqOZLqNTnyTxj39fyFH5gegeI/AWleI7NbfUrKO6tyOrLyv0rzvUf2efEPhK4iuPBeuTW6eYWNqzhEUfjXs7kyRrnr1GKYsagk/xe1G6B7HjGlftL6n4Ku/sPjTQ57Mh9n2q0jaUSe7HoK9W0DxvpXiWziks7u2mWYAqgkHmfitX9S0yDxDbfZ723iuYMYKSDhq8s8ZfsyWsM/9qeFbyXR9Wt2MiJHwjn0JNTfWwtT1hLcluB+dOFqqH5lDZrwuy+N/jT4af6N4r0G6urbzAFvbGJ7hlX1bAwB616Z4N+MOg+PFZrLVLUuvHlSSqrj8M5oe5VtDX1TQop51li/0aUDG9OuPSp7SC6gt0LSGTnnfwcVYDBmU+p4PrUuoh2iUqMkdqh7iGJeQyNgOgb0Y4NWFiyc44qlf6NaX5DFNsygHco6Gi3M1hBnz5LjkAKw6CkBbufmX29qgVMLwD+NDXyPPhmeB8/KuMA1IE83/AJaH6ryKAI1PPNO4XpTZIvL/AItw9aAo25q47EyE3PK+D0prqVuEx93BzT/N202STamKYo7kccjrK37tXHbNSR/NbOZOPmG0UiI3/PRlpZBvQLuDEHjmp1GmeI+NLm6X44eI7u/nW28PadYW6liwGZWB+Xnvwf0rldL0R/Fevf2LJqs0uh+KkFzOygNGH4aK1B/u5wT3BAqb4rePLl/in4is9KRrifTbmC4uI05aOQwqFYgdlQFx71Y8R2MfgvQH8MaZKrXesFrrw/dxtmR7vdukc+iDGd3Tito67GnQg8YQTeJtU0yJoo7o+HCRrbo2ftkKnbHGcdePmI9TXN694P13xvrc+laRdebpXhm9N/bo77RcqNriMeqfKFJ9K6n+0h8MtO06W28ibVdXBs7yzd8BrjKDzn7gYyM9MCo/FF3J4c8O2GlaHDIPEej7YFESk/bLIgiWV/pyf+A1b01YuVmPf6zH8TtbuBcM1j4avITa6qAMR/aR/q1B7jOcntTdTa48a3drC7+ZD8PbnOoyKc/2hGMbkPqBnPHoaueLIorHwvc+GtKt7TU7fxVbq9kJX2pDN8yu+R0f5i4HqK8/+IWsDwx4K0/StF1mNPEt9d/8I/qVtbyhppw+Enu2Xrt5LBumTSdVWuu5dOLctdkXfD3j3S/jH4haLTtTt57Twa7XOjW4f93ekk7s9/lxsGB0r4Q/4KUfte/8NDfFCTR9HZrbw5o8u+9RRj+0LxThpnH97gV6X/wUV/aD0v4c+BNN+GlmlsPF2kxm0ubmwT93BanlASCRuzyc+tfHPw0+GeofEvXrPTrdbg/b5tnmqhLSN1O0dz7V+M8bcQV8wxKyfL+rsz+svB7gnBZDg58X8QP3Yq9OL6teR9AfsCfDR/DNt4s+LrwxSXvgm0RtGhm+5czTFYUd/Ty5GBGOwr7w+Cf/AAS08MeI/B1nrPxJ1LXPFWu3qefJazXMi2llJJhmEMZ+7z0YnjANea3PwS8NeD/gja/Dq78R6V4U8R6yn9maijXccf2eYqCskgZgQgyrBu5GK7j4dft4fEf4USHwj4l+Guv/ABBudIijjt9c8J3EF7FqsCrtMz8na4C9M+lfo3DeULKsFHCx33fqfzh4jcY1OJM6qY/EvR6RS6JPRGL8VPhLqn7CHx08BW+n+Jtf1j4deK9SNsulaxf/AGr+x7tom2+W3ddoAJ6cmvpjwt8TrjxL8WJ7LVI3gsdAOLKTH7q7kxw27p0LflXyzr83jj9sT4zeD9Y8e6CfCfhWzncaZp8UonuIXaNk33oHEMmHwB3IA719GeHre88UePNK8HSbvs3hjedQnUZRzj5AW9dpBH+8a97lSWp8dRjdaHa3rz6/qH/CQyS/ZbGwl/0Zc/KX5DsfT+HH1rp/hhqH9peCLSdW3xzOzI395WYuD/49XJ/Fy6ji0e60OyhkktAF+1FFzHCgznn19fTbSahr6/CP9lM6lDdNYvYaDGbOXy/M2XDQqkPy4IOZGQcjHPPGa48di6WFw08VV0jCLk/RK73t0XVno4PB1MViKeGo/FOSivVuy2u930R87+HVuPjr+3Y15BJE1vZ6wbv7TZxmaE29ngROSGIxIIo135xulBA5C162VA/4KCw5/wCgEen+6a4//gm98PnmvvEHiiRZljjRdLtiHXZKSVlmBX72V2wYPA+dup6ezePv2ZdL8e/EL/hKP7e8VaJq3kLbCXSr1LbCDPQ7C3OeecV+B8G5Hj8Vk1HOKdPmq1cU8RJN8t4rnjo3pu21pqnfax+78YZ9gcJnlTKak+WjRwrw8WlzWlKK1aWuismr6NW3ucT+1DPFqf7SXwls7A79Wt7/AO0Sqo+dIPNiO5v9nCSn6K1cja/BS1+PH7VHxE0fUtU1Sx0q2mju5YLN1U3EgAVCdwYfLubqp+8enNe6fDH9nPw98NPEE+sxtqWta9cZEmq6rcm5uypAGN2ABwMZA3YJBJHFaPhH4KaT4L+JGveKrW81H+0PEQAuY5HQwpjGNgChh07k19LW4HxGOxcMTmUIuFStKpUgpNqMfY+zir6czuk5W0v3Su/mcHxthcuwrwmX1Jc1Og4Qm4pNzlWVRtK75YpXUW9dL6M8c1Lwxb/HX9rrWPCfiY3Vx4d8KaZHLZ6aLh4Y53KRDzG2EEn98xyCDwo6ZFVfhss3w4+LHxW8CaXNPL4VsdFmvba3llaQWMjRo21C3QfvWB6k7VJJIJr174kfs56H8RvFVvr39pa5oWvW8flf2jo939luJI8EbWOCOhIyADjjOOKj0P4E6P8ACr4e+J49Hj1DUdW1izuGur68lNxfX7lXI3NgZOWxhQMnk5PJ5q3CeYQxNTFShHmUq85VVK86kJxlyU2rXsrx0b5VyXjrY0jxdgJ4GOG55NOlTpqk4+5GpGUXKte9ruzd0uZuVnoj55+GvwR0Xx3+xxqniPVrq9uNU0e3u3012unEWmiIl9iRg7fnbJYkEnfxg4NdBqul+NPjp+zj8PdV+z3fiizs3nOt6X9uNvLq8ccpWNmfOWIERBxlizAgE9L37O37INp4v+DFsviKTxh4fubm5kOoaalw9pFfhJMxmaGRTnAAwQB69ea9c8bfADRPEdtodrp954i8NNoNsbS0uNFvGtpEgIXMRYhtykopJPzEqDnrnx8n4OxuIy2NX2CpxqUKMXGM0pVJqSn7SalBxbS0lGafNeUW7JM+g4g4ywWHzOdP27qShiJzi5QvGnHklFxjyzTtKTT5oNNNKfx6HOfsd6v4auNI1yx8P2evaDPYzxi/0PUpHcabKUwfLLZbazK2d2GyvKqCBX0ZoUn/ABKofx/ma8q+EvwT0f4PafeLppvbq91KUz3t/fTeddXr5JBd8AHG49AOpJySSfVPDv8AyBof+Bf+hGv1LJ8HiMLlVHD4tRU4rVQVorV2SWiVla6SUU78qSsfkfEmOw2MzSricG5OErWc23J2STbbbbV07OTcrW5ne5xeqqf7Yuv+u7/+hGof4s1JrW/+17rH/PZ//QjVdAyrk19dR/hxPn3uTK26lZN4psZ+TNPzxWgEOwL8v8JqZU3JTXXvSCXZS16CjsOEO0U3OCakWTcpqKE+YzexoV+oxh+VqVvmGaJfvU5FyKYCxkMtJHCvmA5xz0o27aKlsDD+JPgVvGcEM9tKtvf2eDDIc7WA52NjnB71zl6uralaLBd+DbH7WpGLlRHJbRt2ZUJ3/mK9EWby05pBOXTAJ9etSBzvhjwVHp9puvHjm1KZt9xNENq7umAOwr57/wCCjDyaPpPhWxhlk+yXk1zcSxthg0kYjVDnqMCV+Bwd3sMfUXlFck9Scnivjf8A4KK388nxe0e1aaZraHR0ljiLny0dppgzBegJCICep2r6CvzHxlxjo8KYiMb3m4R0/wAab+TSafqfp/g9hFX4poSla0FOWv8AhaXzTaa9D6K/Z28P/wDCL/A3w0ti0ccM2kwXCxElv3kqCWQ8k9XdjjoM4GBxVX4w/EnUPhr8Mde1jVbBrqwsrOZ5DEAu3CFufwBrvtF0a18OaNZ6bYxeTZ6fAltbx7i2yNFCqMkknAAGSSa5v44+Hbbxd8M9d0q8Yx2+q2Mli7scqvmYUHHrkj86+9yvCvC4OlhlZckYx020SWm2mmmh+eZpipYzF1a8bvnlKWu+rb13111PlX9nn9lnxJ+078NNM8T/ABL8Z+KYbLU7eOTStJ0bUn0+K2g2gL5mwZLEBTnPfpVH4sfD7xP/AME7r/S/GXhvxRr+v+An1OK18QaRrN0L94opSIw8EzKHwrMCSeea2Pgv8WPiL+xn4YtvB/jf4f8AiLxlodgrLout+HkFy5gJLJG9vvVgQCF+b+7T/iDbePf2/tc0TR5fCeoeA/hlZ6jb32rtrhEOoXskTlhEkKs2A3ydScYrvpyu+XqeLKnyu01ZnH/8FnPi7baP8ANL0a18uO41ifeJCAZHiCuBk9eT/wCg18H/APBOj4WX3xO/az8JRafZtff2RO2pyxkbhIsIDnr/ALWwfVhXsn/BbPULSH9pLTfD9rJMjaXp8JkheTcI2Jft9CPzrvP+CIvwYurjw3488eefHY3GYtNsLt/uYVfMmCj1IaIf8Br8WzaX9o8UwobqB/aXCsf9WvCytj3pUxH69j9A/hZ8Vrzxj4l1LS9W0m5028sYhJI7kbCxPJAHbOa9ES6l+5wU9QK8W/Zn0TVrS+1zU5Lhb+0vLt4Y5GBLEIzAcntg161PePAYlCMeMsRX7aoW0fQ/j6o7uzNNVWBdwpyS7h7VlS+KLT7rXCRn0Iq7p12lxDuVw64zuFPlRndFkRlm56Uh+RqQzf3ealA3JnGKYxqtkUjDcMUBcGlg5k/D9amQHM/GMD/hXepJv2uyLGo/vEugx+uPxresEVLK3SLlUj4PrWB8XJGXwjxg77iBOR1Pmof5A/lXRRwrDBtz8yYGBUgPBbFJGu8HNOt+I2zSQjywc0AJ5uwc0oG/moZOZc1Ijc8dKqMbClsPK7FzVfXJfsmkySKyiQL8o75qdYlfcSTyw281y/jCeDVvENrZuzxtC2Q4bClvf1qeodDxLWvgVqsvxG1bXtB1XV/DmuSBZJLk7J9LnOxQENuwx90KTtZCSSc15R8VviT4+8FjULnxLoT3UEcHl3ep6VG11AYkcyLtiXLqxbqOnPU19yaDpA0ewNuGWZGYuS4ySTVfxB4VsdVtTHNB7qYwBsPqQRg/lVc2pSkeSfs6/GjVvFHw60vVPEdlcQtqMRugzL5fkqeQGXqCO4r1Ow+IWlarcweXqNu/mRebtHXBGR+hFYfiDwo2h3Zulg+1WojwkUagAcc5HTmvlL4jeD/ij4M8aa1rracmveHdUnWexh05wtzpUQUBo3jMiM/IJ+QPxjg9K2lyMm2tz1j4+eNv+E5146VbzpGJ5pLaQ44it1VWlk/IgZr1T4SeBtN8PeCreEWsc0d3GDtkUNti/hH4DFfJvwl+OWkaj4hvLnVni/tGSWKxMJ3q9tbQ4kxIjojI7klTuUE454r7D+HHjO18b+Hre5szH5siAmFSD+RHGPpRLltoMoeJPhXZy6l9s024udPvAAEzKfIXHqg4IrA8eNZwW0dt41sdP1fS42CrqKQhSkhA+Xf94feXoR1r0e7c7tuzLDqK+fv2wPiwNDtFtra5t2+ySrLFEVyPPC5MjDukcRkZh3+X0rHUDntL8LzfEfUdQ8PQeF5NctbOTz7O+uSLWW1tiMwqZeJHfbnG/rxXb+C/jT4k8Oa/daZeQG8+zFBHFe5s7lQw+ZU37YX299rH2qH4L/C2PxJoen3Nzd3yR2ZWN3tpijPOW8yVT/e2x4UA8Ag13d/peqWcJsdTht/FGn42+Y6bZ1/7Z8x/jmi12BteH/i1pWs3aW0kjaZdsQPs9zGwaQ/7JIAI9xxXTtKIpG7sOSorxbVfh/pF2kdrpupfYmnl8tNPv1MihgNxSIsFaMY7w7gOvWquk/GZvB+u6hofnXVnfaUFWXTb4KbdW4Py3vIyQQcORjNFrE2bPc8mYFsYA5INKFyu7+dcho3xm0q/1CKz1NX0q8KK8Rlf91cE9lf7p+ua62J1mi82N1aHruByKz6lKL6j3jWSMq2fn4wTwfqK8l8UfD7TfG/xftRYWsNi2k2rpfzQoEjmLbh5YA6Pna2fQGvQ/GXidPDvhe6vwwbZGRGo6lzwv5sQPxrK8B6evg7wrNfXrBpJQb/UJP70n3yo9OpH4UzTpYyPAumjwr47t9M0iS72NbvNeW93KZXVQQA6k9AScf8AATXpEYZe/fmuU+GGk3Ehvdfvhi/1wpITjHlxKDsQenykE+p5rqhJtPzVBmPDCMH3pI0x9aAN5pd2GoAVgs8cgmAIHA45qmmjpBexzwyMAFOUJyCatO3y49aI22jFAGfNeNZ3itKM7nwABxipo7lbmTKSK4z27e1XJZSNmPL6/wAQzVO50mDcfvbjz8hwKaYD0j88fTrTJYyDUZmNuknmt8pGAF4qvpms29zJ5PnBZs8xsefarFqXLbgndWT4r1hNBspLlvvBSsSg/ekP3R+dbUsgyyj7wGSP7teXfEfU7bxT4tg0OR5I7NIvPkmVsfvwA0fPocjirUb6Ex3PK/As0Xw/g8SeOL5Gn1e51aRNVgDZLAgRxRexwAPzq/puhWfh631yXVroWV3cKdW0m4lb5be3CoxgX0OFIOOu+tbXvhT4Zv8AxMmp6xpdjfy6gq2upNIhKh0H3iMgZz3ri/i9F8Pvh18PLyXXJLvzdEnjurG1in2fbkMgzAg/2htHNEvc0OmK6mtpOqw+GrQ+OPFTW6W2vJJb6izgBbFI24Hs2T1HpXg2v/tMa3oMLaz4N0Gf+1EnWLU9YuQXe9tH2gNHGpOVwIstKFIy3rTdH+C93+01rLS6vqN9YeCdfaNdNUzMFSdDuKtjr159a9ss/gvpulpa39jruoxWeiXOy/hbYB5zdN3HzoAOhxwKWslYqnKPPaXY8ah/ZS1vxRLeap8QdVgj/tpftFjiQxxQzGIyRosalo+VBbr0zXzbe6Z4RXxJ5/hHRvHni/xNo9hdQ6pP4b01ha2TDjJI2qQuGJ+99DX1Z+3d8OPFHh39l/xtYaf4jvdRvdKs5LvTbYW0ayyWwY+cQwyciF2A9Npr5q+I37XHiHwL4J8I+CfhVZ3mreCbnTdM0+WWwtBFp92b+zns5RdXRACyrcSRtgsCdp4NeXi9f3eyPqMpw8FQ+tOLk09l09UfM2k/CnVPjDqOo6jot1ceI5I7iVNShXJvrJoxucyIf3jYA/hU9K+n9G8BaJ8Jvgv4v8Z6Np2o2w022Efhm6lclY7zcEbcOp25LEegrhvhB8Hdd/Zs/b3+G0fh/wAGReA7mHS7a31vQrnVYrtLjybcxXV7KE3YSRudzDmvva4+CGs+MfDmu+EvFOj+HNX0e7VptKtbC7by8SoVfcREAzc5HPGK8XI+G8Ph8XPFvV9D7DxA42zHMssw2AnJKEVolp16+Z3n7MP7DHw18LfDOx1G50qy8UavrlhHe6nquqD7ZNdvKNzIGcnCYIAAxivDfjT8PR+w/wDtk+DD8OPtNtp/juOcT+Ho5maGI7TiSNCSFQY6f7JqTwA/7RHwE8Mrpvgu48PeMPDZuDa6UmuP5F5ps2dpRTgFlXoowc4p3wY+Hnimy+LOrfE74lWur674x0gixdIrNIrWztJGZj5aKc5wCNzDPB5FfVQ5viZ+H8jc7uNj3yW3/wCEH0OTaq6rD44ZleeAYCXIGBjuNp5/Cuw+HXw5m+B3wuXTbWRrvW752jnuZW3l7mQZ3HPO0ICAO3FeTfCXxTd3XxP1bxPFa61P4RibZo+nyWJk2owO51ZMjPTrzwa9L0v426LJ4ha+1U6nYS28bQW0VzaSxqFPJdyRgMOgz69a0lsepBJItfFe4tfhn8J57NGkmnvESHbuzJLIzKrc/j/OvPf29PE3/CN/Brw34djkuo5NRuQ7+WdsUscEY3q3OSPMljIGCMx54IGd3VviToPjrSdQu/7Qt7jU7y4igsbXBJjVHUscepxnPpXjX7Wuof8AC4P2orXQtLa18yL7LokU/n74nlkkLEsVB27XnKMBuIMZ78D8t8Xs1lheHamHpfHXlGnFdXzO7++Ka6LX0T/SvCTK44riKFer8FCMqkn0XKrL7pNPq9Nuq+if2MfBZ8Ffs/aL5lr9lutW36lP+83+b5h/dP1IGYRFwMYxyA2a9bSHjmqtnpsOj2ENrbwQ2ttboscUcaBEiRRhVVRwAAAABwBXmf7TXj/ULiXSPBfhu+ks9d8SM081zBIVm0+ziBeSQEEFWbaVB74YdcGvo3VocOZHSpW5lSjCEUrXnLSKS2V5PVvprJ6Jnys4V+Ic7qVb8rqylNt3tCOsm3u+WEfwVl0PV3G0UxHl3cbSPcV8x/Cn46634R/Yr1rxNc6ldanrUOoPbWs19O1w6s/lKpy5OQu5mweOPeofiCvi34CfDrwj8QI/GniTWLy8uIG1TT7+7MtjIJozIVSMj5AMFe5GcjbivCqeIeHWHhio0ZOHs6dWo7x/dxqO0b3fvNWbaWyV9b2PoY+HOIWKnhJ14qXtZUYXUvfnGKk1onyrVK76vbc+qY7PcNxI3egFOCbTUVvOtzAkqrJtkUMrE9jXzBLq0Xi39pHx5pviT4leIvCOm6bLH9hjt/EA0+JiVAKqHyvHBwoHXJ6173EHECyydClyc0qsnFXkopWi5O7lotFp56Hz3D/Ds8zlWTnyKlHmfuuTfvRjZJat3l9x9UqNoqJsxtmvEv2i9f1z4MfswQt4V1jVtWbzUjl1m5nF5drbSl2Mvm4weSiK+OFYYIOGHC+D/F91pPxy8E2fgnx54m8cWOsQCbW4NSuzeR2cBZcucgeUw5O04dSFBOHwfLx3HFHC5jDLalJ8z9knrG6dVtLlje81Fp87itF3PWy/gWrjcHPG0qy5U6iV4ys/Zx5m5u1qfMvhUnq9D6rjO44rpNDT/iVx/j/M1za8Fm7ZrpNBkzpUf4/zNfWYu9kfDUzitYbGsXX/AF2f/wBCNVw2TntVjWv+Qvdf9dn/APQjVQjJ9q9ajH92jIUv8+R9yneZk+1RscrUkC5HQ/iKp6ASE5SmJHlqfI2FpiAk5oLjsDny2H1pAfLuWH8LHIqTys0hIT3oGEi5pyrtppffUiruoAjc/NQi5OafRU8oCNjqaaWAfinMMimpHtqhajxIGWvi/wCOx/4SD9vCzsr7/TbIarpVqILj95EImWAtHtbI2Eu5K9CWb1NfZzR5r4x+Gn/FQf8ABQO4/tD/AE7y9b1Hb9o/e7fJSfysbs42bE2/3di4xgV+P+Lf7+nluXr/AJe4mmr9LarVdfiT+R+t+Ev7ieY5h/z6w1R2630ej6fC18z7MaPb7e/pXyP/AMFGPj/4+i8c6P8ACH4W2903iTxJpkup39xbNGLi3tEcAiIyceYdpwe2Rmvr9Yg6/NXyp/wUB+B3id/iF4P+K3w4aFvHvhFmslsZW2w6vayk74GbIwT2r9WxGsdD87yfkWIUp/0z5H8DfCf4l+I/2ufD3gifxR8ZfhjrGvaHdatbalrniCC5m1WWI8KbaHdAynnO9gwA6c19R/sqftF+NfGtr4p+HfjdYx8RPAOp2+mvdRKqx31pIA0dw0afKpaPB65BBzjNeG/tFeLPjf8AHX4g/DLW9A+CHi7wh4+8AanJdrfXVxANJvYZEEUlu7BxmNlVWP8AFnpXu/7H37OfiH4IeKdW1jxxq1vq/jzx1PLq2u3kJ+SIIm1IVySdqBkVc88GvKpycJ8yv1ufRVqPtaUqeIUdfhtbm3PzL/4KSau+p/tt+NFa6a/j0+7SxRgSS8iIikZPYdPqDX6Y/wDBNT9mKfwZ+xf4ZjGp6zoGo6vE+pStaz+XvWdtyhlwRnyxF1HrX5YeKYf+Ghf2xbu1gkZo/F/jFhAw5KxXF8Ygf+AqVI/Gv3v8BaDF4Z8Ladp8OUjsolijUDooGAPyr844Dw/1vNMTj562lofvPjdj3lfDGW8PUusFJ/ckWPBnhK38IaJFYwNlEYuzMfmkY9WPua0Y9P8AKfdjn36UyziaSQmZF4PGDV9zla/YG5XP5Nu5O5n3OnJcNh4oNvsgzUculpHatHGCqEYOKvN8lNk+4armsEtjF1fR55ykltci2ZAAxcEjH0pbFNZtceZNBcRnoUTFanleYuG3Y9hTvLMcGOcZ4zRzXGR2/mM2ZF2mpXOzpSEbUpsuSBjb+NAHNfE6VbkaTa/8/l+MD+8URnI/DANdYpjM0n1H8q47x5+88Y+HYRgsJJJ0UHgYjKsf/H1rr0IZnbpk5oAdIuelR0b8qe/401H3UJgNaLJp0SZb9aGGDmnB/MXavyt61oBR8Q65b+HNMlurl/JhRD83XntgDkn2HNcn8OJm8QXF5ezTJcw+ZiNhGRhu/WuO+O3x70HSvG1l4dm1SwtdQgdJPKuJfLJlJZUYE/LnhuCc+1eheAriDT9IFmBtuEzLKGG1XLdXUn7wJ7jipixS2OlspMR7T97NTXA/dfWoY3UDIIPGcqcj86eZc0NECb28jb8v4is/WvDlvrNsFuIYH5BDGMZU9sHtWi0m1evy9qBNkVJbZ4h8V/2M/DnxU1iW413R7fWjsxC3liO4gO3kK4YbgWyfmGauWvhh/C0Ol6bHZXNtFCghSOA+WYlVeASOO1exRPtJ9cce1Ry2omh+dUkJHBY8indgmfFN9+1brvg74t6jp+u6fq/huw05/streXcbSRzopKrJnp8ygHkjrVbUrMeM/GVjqOs3Pn2dgU1HymiaFrgFQQ3zAZVyRxz8qMO9fTfxW+H9uvgme00yBIpdWlP7twHiuJAMfvI2BBGM+n1rxb4t/wDBP7TZdNgj8MXeoeErsy+ZJJYrvsZAQCWNuzEBic5xt7c1N3cL6XPoX4Y3umf8ItbLpk0N1DaqEdo/4GYc7h/erpRJFKjBeq8HivFvgj4Em+HfguDRYNQeXUNPVV1G5lwq38w/5aMen5Uap+15pnhH4j3Phi8jhl1OyjjluBE28IHXcuce1b9LijeRrftG+LNK8P8Ahv7KFT+1FK3I2fLJHErIxIP96TGwdyTWB8BPDXinTfDb3E2m2WrTXsj3d610oY3U8hPmIr9QBFtUY6FTXC+PdSj+JfxHtTLJMI5ZotRaVVygRZjFa25PTAYq59Oa+nvBemx+HdCstPhb9xbwrEMdnH3m/Ekn8azeqNPhepwGvaDpUdk/lTS+EJeWlWeBbiyyfWJhsYfXFYek6LrvhCc3ljazxW7YYXOnTtf6deD3V/niPfag2joDivbr22iuYXEyi5ix8yMgbP4HrXmfxK8r4a6lZzaBNLp+oXDM72kEm62uVVwoyMYXLEcjrkVBTatdC6LrN18XNSEl7p0tno+lrvuJfMXZcyKQQVAPAHJ/4DWv48n/AOE18Sx+H7QmSCLy7jUvKOBEuQVUnpljt49M+tXrDTbH4dfDffdDzDbxNJMp63LNl2RvqWK/lVj4ReEm0Hwukt0N95qDG5vXb7zM2DGv0RcKKiRF2dBG8dntjjUrHgbRngAcVO0iy0ktqqL95fYZpLaMH+JfzoESBhS45pJV2nim78CnHcAc/NS+XTc+xH1FO38U+UAIX8qbJ89NL4NDPkUJAHsdv5Vm33hu31S581kIkHRo/l/Or235utNa8+zzfN02lj+FUgMDxn4ot/A+l/aLu4ASMYQ4JLyjlfqOOnfFeTeHc2ei6hpmpSMl1qU76xYXjIxWSYkN5YbGCoY4AzjC4rpPGfiiPxT4rivIY0u9C0WRorsKd2LhgFVwO7IrE/RjTr7w/wDZ7S88OPN5z6YyXOmTH/lpAuSQD+H6j1rTVakeZj+L/iFpvhrSZtS8RbbTR9QhKXs2OLa6HVOMnLNwMelfN/h3w9qX7SnxHuvFWpwmC18NXotBZ3UDRrJZ+Y2CoJG5xGT8xU849KxP+CkHxjktL7SPCulXkkJ8SNbXTWq/cjvncpGr/wB3lXc+m6vkv4+LB4N+Jn/Cr7tPE1140sbiA634kuNWa8kso8t54h0+KQF2GBgIrMQclRXPKoub3iud2sj9XtM03TdN3aDa26Jol0pk0hguPJm6sCfXGPr2plzfPbz295MtuukaiTaakvl/8e8pyodvpj9a/Pf/AIJwfG34heHfEVv4Q1/Vv7Z8OeINdvdF0Ce5iMWoWt5ZgTrMyEZUOHC4PIBr9GYLSDUGkS4TOl+JIGEquMC1uOAAPfr/AN9V2wlGS0OaFRylbsZt14OlvdJaD7Ot7qmiCVLVZ13x6haNIZHVgT8wKEpyRXzP8av+CcOi3731z4P8T+KPA/h7Woxfy6bZyhrAXyYeBUt5A4jKyAYIYYOSDX1fpsl1oemeRLJLcX3h3907EfNNF1Zvf0+tHibTv7WttQ0+KY+VrtvJfWDn7sciKdqA+5rnqUYTdpHsYTMq+G0pvc8b/Zx/ZP8ADPwKvP7XSLUNXvNehFjrWpa1cfar+3I5kzIfuoXzwBXs2j2s1lp32eJf+J5pMjXNuuM/aYW4QDt0qv4csvtGlWceoR20lnrVuLW+cPlYbnB3nP8AvYP1q5Y3F5p+hrMu1tQ0SffKwPzTWwICL7ggY/GtVTjBcsTGviq1eXNVGXNsZbuf+zkMNlrFuPIY8/Yr1MNlvTL4/LFVfE99f3Oq6fNosKz3t4zWWsWT4LEMp+fB/ugN/wB9Ctm9ng0+K6S3kPka0v8AaVr6eenMiH0y3zVc+DemSeJru78VahZJaXF4ojSMZyOclx9elTKSSOdvudZ4X8JQeFdDttPtoIfstomxV2D5++a1JrKOWPZJGhXbgDHAqTz/ACkx1I/WmxztOeBx3rn5ieY5TxZb2/gfQtQ1T7RDb2NlC1xJ5sRkjhUAlmCgFicA9Oa+PP2dILn4g/GjXPF15dPo8Wnpcard3dtAWigedypjUFXxkSSFQcnCHrg19LftueOv+EG/Z/1JYWljutckTS42RFZQJMtJu3dAYkkXIBILDGOo8z/Yf8Jaj4U+HN5rVxpcd3pfiSfb98O0kcO9A20Hj52lHIB49MGvyHiWX9qca5flcfgw8XXnp12j9zUeyXNu20j9e4btlfBeYZpLSeIkqENem8vvTlte/Lskmz1DwZ44sW8ONq+geKZPEOm2kire+fEFaAE44GxD1z61zuq/Cb4jaX8VvFXjDSbjwTeR6pA1vB/abXJms7QDiNFjUKpIAzyckZ7nPT6H4Xsddtriy8NaKdMtbmdX1BpYzEWCk4Cg9c5avVILVrWNUCrsAwCDy31r77PshoZpGCqzlF023FxdrNxcb22ejf3u1j89yXPK2WyqSoxjJVI8slJXurp28rtK58XfCbwD4o+I37GfiSxsYbC506C8+12cECSNfzzxtG0ikfdKmP7oX5i3HcV0PxL+J1n+0p8H/BngXw1HeX3iRprY6lALSQDTlijMbu7EBdu5wcjIAznBwD9bxw7RQZMtivioeGzhhVgo4l+zlTp06t43c1Tk5LlfN7mjcdVNKNrWaufdVvEuNXFyxk8KuaNV1adp2UZOKi+b3ffXuqWnI7rezseb6z+z8l34i/tGPxt8QLVVdHWxtNY8qzQKANix7DhTjkZ7muB+OXxQ+En2XxNZ6/oMEPipo5oBHPoZW+uXAKRypOExtbAKvvHy46dK+hltI0feBlveldS3t7Cvpc04YhXoTo4Pkh7S/NzwdRO6tdJzjyyV9Hqu8X0+Wy7iipTrwq47nmoJcvJNUmrNOzkoSunZXVr9U0fIV7oHj74XfsV6ZbNDrWmxyao82orbZW8sdPILEEcGMFgWYZGA2GwGYVV0KPwqnxx8GN8F21V5g+NdwtwYPsu+PcZvN5xjdnHy52Yw2K+xGuPL4pXkDjpXzz8OIqvRnDEe7TVFJyhepFUbaU6nMlBTt765HfXbS30sfEyXLVdTD+9UlVk1GfLTl7RW/ew5ZOpyfZ96NhtrJuswh+93rqvDwxo8P/Av/QjXLLFsGciuo8O/8gaH/gX/AKEa/QcX8HzPzClucXrZxrF1/wBdn/maqDBHzdParOsyKNZueR/rnz/30aiKfMvo3NerSf7tGctyFoo1bKu/0xUkcz/3iR71L5a+lN8irDlY9JRStKp9BUe3ZTJITKetBUdh7RGTo1NK7DzT4ozGOtNmj3d6Bjoos04naKhDtF2zUqHcOaAHA5FAOaa/SkHD0roB9IWwadjJ4pKYBXxf/wAE6f8Aktuqf9gOX/0fb19RftA3sOm/A3xfJcTQwRto91EGkcKpd4mRFye7MyqB3JAHJrwP/gmxwfGZzj/jx/8Abivx3jCaxPGmTYPZw9rO+/2b2t0+C1/PbTX9c4Ri8PwZnGM3UvZQtt9q179fjvby310+prt/LjPf6182fto/tB6j4F1/wr4V8I6Omv8AjjXr2O506ylleKCJUYhppXQFgFweO4r6MuImmfYCD35r5q/aQ8L+J/hX+1N4Z+LGg6O3iy3s9IfS7/R7cgXgi8x2aeENhWIDYwTk9q/XpNWsfj1S/XYyLrwH+1DolsdXg8b+A7u54ll0U6PMtvOAM7BMWMgPYZArG1P9rnWPHXwP8eeMLzT7fSPFnw3sL6z1TRjIRDDLHsMexjyyuHUg12Z/4KgeApo5BYeEfiJqGtRMN2mJ4cuBKJeyu23YOe+a+VP2s7bWtP8A2dvjR8UNahuPD2o/EnUNM02HQBjZZxpJHlpT/wA9DEhyFyOK8XPMR9Xy+tVX2Ytnv8E4d47iDC4WLclKcV8up82/8EsvBh8V/tj+F5pIvtMegrNq0zP3aKJljP8A38lQ/wDARX7qWjuEVyijf82B/DmvyL/4IdfDP/hJ/it4z1Xz/Kh0jSrXTEDj7/n3Sudv+0BAw/Gv11tZNpcnq5J+mTmvlPDXDcmWur1m7n7D9IfMlX4iWEi9KUIx/AmL4YAVKzVAiYPWpU+ev0PqfgkdB6rvWlKhUqNoie9NMLf3hU7gOmGxMr1pjuzRfMadt+XFNLZFWlYCPd8tSbP3ZyAeMAH1pKbIGLLt29f4jTA5XUZbdvi1oln/AMvUFlPPIo+6AfKU8/72fwrqIkaZzgK2exPSuKsbGab46X1wwULBp8ca47F3ct+sY/Cuyt0ZHOTil0FqP+ymJ+y+2anMYmXgjj3qANvPTNOQqg+VB+FTsMdjArP13UY9D0e4upm2xQL5/PT5egPseB+NXDIsblnOFRSxHsOtcF8TJpPHviqLwravOsVsiahqwQD57feu22+sjc/RKuOoHMaf8GNN8ReAtT1jU7Gxl1HWbg3l1c6hHvEaIciPZjOfmYbsjHFeJ+FpPH3guDVfFPgmCE+F7y6dItH1dprtECYG+M4Lwg8j5Q/TpXvnx+8YpYXOk+FXlKT65cq7qnXyfuyY+uFH40eF/iRp9x4O1j+zdtvp+miRLqeXAisFUAljjnI2sPxNaculwj5nmPw//brsILqCz1rTdZ8PXzPtd723b+yS3+zOBx/wILive/DXxGstc0v7RIwWzl+7cpKstsT1/wBavyenGc818gfDf4VL+078UtV8bv5pg1iMWmiQlyIHjjLD7RIuCCHKnAAr0X4H/sseJ/hP8Ztc8Sy6lfWml3doluumaZiG1eRCcyBWDDcRgHgcKKUdRySPpqC4hv7ZGt5FliI4ZDkVYWPCDmvn74m/tB6d+zx4ag1C9ur3yp7vyRa2lvJNdzuxJ+4MqBwcncM46V0nwV/bH8K/HC0ml0q8srj7MMSQRvsu4TjkNE+GyDkHAPSm42FGN0evr9KVYFdh8q/7xPSsnRfF1jr8e+2vEfABZACzpkZG5RyuQR1Apus64s+pQ6dDJi4YhnweY1PQ1PKZjBax6zq32uRpWUZhWJl+VSCPm/Q/nW5KGEew7DGyhSCapTD7HbxgSK+TtI9D61YZ0mwVHalYe+hia74Ds7/TJLbYLeGZsuU6mvD/AIv/ALE9h448bjXbE3Whag0QFzqWnS7nvdgwonhcANxxkP0r6JkhYvuz+ApbeJnlyTgeh7029Bx91nwTqPgTx78ENI1A2+mp4p0+K5UPPpsjQ3MkmPlee3ckYHco+0D+Bq+r/hh4ovfCnhC1/tz7RPKY1leWNvMJBHCBMlhj8B6AV2HifwTaeJFPnq3ytvjKsV2EdOhGfoeD3qhB4Ca0vLi7imlkllhESAMEbI9DggfkaI26mj1dy3oPxH0rXdeltrO7t1ntYhPJukA8tT3Pp+Nea+Bbv/hZXxZmuGgzpOlIXRRyfKQhYkx/eJXcR/sR+teMa7+zn45+HfifWtQfxDa6nHrN/JcWGm6mGgt7EMCDEp+eEAgn5isRJ/irvPhd+0fo/wAGPs+h+JNJ1vQvF2qX3mmS+tSlpqFxs2qbeZcxyIxVNuGzhVyBRLyF5HsmsXsPi/4jf2OsfnWun+XNfHHyM+Q6oT6/LyK7S3IY4AbbGNpyPvVzfwz8KS+EdAYXRV7+9ka4vpR/FKzFufzrfgeTzW/fBgTnArPlJlsPnWPP3BTF8on5YwKl2GUfw/8AAqYkW89MVIR2F8wt2C/SnrGRyGxRtCDrUbxPj5SuPegZKZv73zH1pjvlM1FkrSh89aqIDlORRSfeWkYMi5GwgcnnpVrcCNsrJ65/SuV+MvjFfBfg65uFeH7XMBbWqyNtEzyZAQevI59BWx4p8W2vhq3jMuXlmOIoYcGS5P8AdGa+ffFy3vx1+ONjE7hYfCrLqdvpbH902FdWlP8AtAsB6ZQU0gLXgHxpN4I8PW+rz6bBZ+FfEsawsSx863uzw0zIejEPs57JXXxWT39rbRQ3DTX/AIWnikglU5F7bN2J91VM+m2ua8UQ2njnxyNNXdceGdYCy3hA/wCPC65VVUdOTlj/ALwrHtJ/EXgLxprVxpkYvdN8LM8GoWQk2fusbibf5W3fLjhwOc81V9B76HiGq/ADT/2zvG3j9rfVItK1S+uV1fQrlFZp7aVH8o7lxgKHgOMHOHPFeYfAbQfH/wAG/jifH3xi+H/iP4geKtD1G5uNMuPDOn28Nj58oKtdMd+8SquI9zcEDOK+kP2Er8+JPB2uXENtLZ6rFq1xfWRkVV3wuxYRKF4ADM35V7RdzyhZ5R5p0nWl+yXACqRZyLyzn6mpp0lNXZjVozT0PkL4G/sseKfHP7Xfif4s6vpt14MSa4TWND8KveLdm1uGgiilnLqMAzCPJGSQRX1deefDDNZXbyPZa/Gb2zlUZeCfYGXaPU7cfWrdnBcW9x50U4k1rRVE0meDcW/RAvvirt/pk2p2lvo1vJHDcyn+0NGun6xgN5yr9O30Fb8qjoKnS5XdkWi+Nl1SC11X7l7awJZ6rG/ysnOQxHpkbs+pq1DCkdldWKbZP7Mk+36Vz0ijBJVfY5I/GsjxDFbF31eWOGBbqB9N10x5yzEZErew5/Gq1rol34UtobdLw3t7oA+2Wjt9/UbDbuZB2wcHHvSNHq9C14Rktdf/ALV0K3DLpepos8DkYMFwzbj+OR+lbNnquEtdXjtV3Wsgs9Rg7tAhC78dz1NcD4E121h8YX+m2uoMJNUKX1iZxgQzhWYRHHbd+pr0ODVYlvm1uVhZWboLbUIP+eWzgy/Qmhpj1uUdSsUi1GHw7JvX+1JVu9OukGWQFg7fhtBH416xaolrGkMf3IBtjYjBUV538ItCub2dtVvLyK4t0LwaRvzmGLqQPwz+Fejc3Dr/AKvpwVOS1YyF1LUZjVf71G8btoGM1GluztjOMVY8sRgcKx9655C5WePftffs7658etA0SHRdUtLP+zriSSa2unkSCfcoCyEqG+dMEDK9JW5HRvSPhp4Ig+G3gPR9DtPJK6TZx2zSpAIVncD55NoJwXbcx5JyxySea0tVa4+xyeV5S8cHJyKnS2l+Xe+fkH514eHyDBUMyrZtCL9tVUYybbekUkklstle29r97+ziOIMbXy2jlNSS9jScpRSSTvLVtvd7u19r27Wle6Z3G47vU+lRyAs/ycj3oZdpoDNjjy8e9e0ePzCs+1OSPwNNh3O33VI+tDLlfuxfmakiGxf4B9KB3RJnHHT2pofmmM/zUnzN7UE3ZJsElQXZ8oD0qVPkpJE80UCGCWEJxkn3FdT4ZbfokJ27fvcf8CNciTzg/h7V13hksdEh3Hcfm5/4Ea48X8HzNaW5w3iXzG1C72lcee/GOfvGm2MgmhQuduwY5q1qEPmajefMFJuJMZ7/ADGq5R0h2Haec8CvSpfAglueOfEP40eNV/aD/wCEJ8L2/hf5rFbxZdUSf0JYExt7cfL+NTeFfj/4g8O/E+28G+PdJ06x1DVAX07UdMd2s7rphNr5YHIYZJzkqNoBDHEkbzv+CgcX/YCPT/dNVf2iNUg8c/tN/DfQtLkS51LRb03l95R3fZY98T4Y9jtiZsE5wV/vCvx3+1cfR9pj44iTmsY6KptpxlB1FHlStdNRbkmndcut1c/Y8PlWArTw2Xzw8eSeF9rKok1KElGb53JO1rxSaas797Hs198TfDulNdLd6/olq1jIsVyJr6KP7O7AlVfLfKxCkgHk4PpVzXfGOj+ErKO61bVdN0u3mbZHLd3KQpI2M4BYgE4GcDtXzb4V+EGhfF39rLx/b6/bTXtrYlZY4FneJGdtoyShDcDpgjr3ra0/QNN8cftw65p3ie1tb+10vSUXR7O8USQkbIicK3DkB5Tgg4OT1UGvawvGmZ16UKnsaa9tWdGm3KVvcdTnlP3dPgtCKbcm3do8epwblsJ8ntptwoKvUXLHaUYNRg+bV3leTaSUe7ue+aV4r0vXdGbUrHUtPvNPUMTdQXCSQgL975wSvGOeeKzLz4s+FbK2tbibxN4fht75S1tI+owqlwAdpKEthgGBBxnBGK8E+HtrD4e+O/xe0vQfLh8Nx6PK8lvD/qIrjy04UDgEM0wwMAYIxwK5/wCE/gbwfq/7GXibVdQh0+fWbeK4zcylWuLORf8Aj3RCeUDNtwoxuLEHOcVw/wDEQ8dUhajRpqUadacuabUX7CfJLkaWqla6vayvdu2vUuAcDBOtVq1HByocqjFc1q8W0pK9k4u2176WSvp9Zaz4isPCumveane2enWcZAee6mWGNSTgZZiAMnik0HxLp3ivTxeaXqFlqVqzFRNazrNGSOo3KSMivmTSPhzrPxW+BvwzuILrR7nWtBjubmHR9ZJMOp2yybUJTqwVVjUZAXbIMsOM+j/so+MdN1+bxNp8fhWx8J67pVxFFqtvYuptJZArJujVflTBRwVGex3MSSPeyni+vi8yp4arSVOnVipQb5m5XpqcrNLlTjdxcJNSsnJaaHk5twbQweBr1qdZ1KlGcozS5UopVHTTab5mpWupRUkm1FrdnsDHApmNvy/3qCcmivvj8/Jov3KYpdwqBpMCo3lOanlA8v8A239Qgtf2bNejlmijkuntooVdwrTOLiNyqjudqs2BzhSegNcr/wAE7xn4K6p/2G5f/RFvR/wUOff8FdL/AOw3F/6IuK6z9ilN/wCzZ4b/AO3r/wBKpq/H7PEeJDvp7HDffeX4fH+HmfrmmG8ObLX22J+60fx+D8fI9St1W1O95F+lfPf7X37SWv8Aw1+JPhfw54G0tNb8YeJLadbSFm2paIMgzvhSSgPUAc4619C3W6NMDYc8civkf9r3U9d+Df7Vfhn4n2Oh3viDQ9H0OXTNZisYGkls4pZSRKAoJAHcgV+ttdT8drztG9tC9e/Bf9prToZNaX4jeBbq9iUyHS/7GfyieojWQOGyenKmvjz/AIKG/tHah8R/2Uh4f8SWbaR41sPGudc03j5V+yyMsinjKOrblyBj0r7fu/8AgqL8Fk8PLq1t4pjvWkTzhYRxTfaN452lduR07ivzY/4KWafrXiHxHH8Rtf0y48Px/EfUZpNMsZyPM+zWkMUCOccHd5pYH0IFfJ8cT9nktZ90l+J+l+CGHhX40wUFraV9n0Vz6U/4IQeHYk8B+LNSYb21DxAlsjLxlILeNmP4m5OPev0lQRp/GvJwBXwF/wAEOtDms/2b47rZvU63qIbaO4jtUU/gYwa++o7kNnAz6nFPgmny5PRt1R0+MVd1eLsbf7M7fdoOm46U2CTFKrbhTRCGHpX1x+Yk7Sgim+ZULR+WOOafA3rQAtFFz9z5eTSxK3l/MMUARSSFTSSTNKV+o5p8i7qQL8ufcCgUtjj/AAmWPxU8QSCTzVjEEI/2eHf/ANqgfga6y7kZpMYxzXOeApQ3iLxY4HIvYU6f3Y1X+ldTLLmXcR905oe5MdyOLhfmOKkgdHX5TupLb7rZHBPemycH5cAegFLlRZDfzfZo2mMZkSFWlkjHWRFByo/HFef/AAf8dWOpnULyaaFtU1G6LuikeZtHKIfTaA3Br0YzYHzjKYwVHUn/AArlvFPwa0XxLcQ3y2NrY6jbSiaO+tE8m4RwCAQw4I5PUGnaxPMeL6FrmofFv4leJ9RZIzaWN4lpYTumcwqWJ2nsdxYZ9h6V5/8AGT4YReELy58NeHtRuIZfiJfSXOvF5S0dpp8aqXYD+HknJH94V7Vr/wAItd8KzpdW3/E+mh+aK4j+S/jHXoP3cn1YL9K4TwdpEy/FHxHqWuLqXiKfW7RLWSzeJbe+02PJLkjJDhjjmPI4x2ranLoUeu/s/wDw/sfDPhG1ube1NlEYVS2hP8MK/LGwx0DKob/gVegi3ix/y1LH1bivNvCOoCQeX4d1+xufsqBXsWYNNbKOArKTkY6cgV0Vj8SlgXydVhl06bOFkmUpE59nPy/hmm6beqFZnH/tQ/DPR9Z8PLrVxG32uzIt4BE2z5mzj8c/zr5c8XfAZvEmr3f9n3l1ZHR0W2tZrJQHur4HdKQ4KyDywRnEm3KnKtX0L+0f8QG1K+/s/T5UluPJ8q0hHP2ieQrux2JjjG/6Hit79nX4a23h6Jr1by21K0iLxWsm3ImO5/Mk57s5bn0wO1LVbjj8J4x+zlN4/u/HN7ZeKNSW68M6VF+6n1B2bU55CegkRU4BycMTxgdq9n8O+Lx4NmvNW1OaIJLKLa3SVwrSLuxH8xOOccc11Hi7QoZ4HtRbJ5l7Mr/u1AYp0JFeM/tZfs8Hxd4OaG4vyvhvSj9sRQ7KyMvBMjAgso39PcVRO572njnTbmW0hkkW1uJsN5U37tsEcYDYLfUZzW7aXMTQ7yQqZwrf3q+DV07xz8JfE1rb6HetqmmWVor6haagzXFrZBgu1Buy6uzLtzk9DxXrv7PP7WVx478V6v4dudDmstR0u1SdnjkMlrtY4G0ths+2OPWp9nc05dLn02siseTg9hRIvPpXJ6L8UbGe5SG7kjh3hirnpgAc/jk/ka6G31a3vrUTCRXjb7jA/erNxaItqXA0QP3wT6UydsH0xUUUrXC/KvP0pk9+1pp00sm35OMEVIN2KV9fedcqph86KM5bPIb2PrXnXh7wNpWt+P3E8RmE0oZ7dwCse07lK8ZHIHeut8X66wWHTrH5b6QGWVe6JjO76YBq94O8NHTImurgo17IAu5RjAHSh+QJnRhvs4bjPIznnNJK/n42pt96YJqfBNuJ4qZDJG6AUSDy19u5qMOWY0Sy74Wj/vcVIDmQR4wd2aC+1ag3GHA69qfv3CrUQGGTMlOlXKcUMu6kMoiiOSB8wAJpgQpIzHav4+1ZXiTxadNn+y2OJ9UYfLAOSvufaszx58SV0X7RbWskYktYnlupiMraYxjd/vE4H0rH8E2V18O/hB/aGpXsD61t+2S3Ui5A8zLKPXGOMexqtQOKLNo+taxr2qaist1M6WFmxJ8q3lfIdtv+wpBP1FQeEdEfwfYX2pW5+2apoE8kDyIebi3C78+4Zy2P+uZrBv8AxfIbGa41WzZbDVi+maa3GJp5id8g/wC+lQehxU/iOyHhz4d6NpkdxNG8uzQ9QYud7Qh95mJ69CDn0etgNfQGjk8OalqmqIbCw8ZbtWgYfL9lmRQY4+Om4Etx/cNV4tVHw/8AAlx4hljmfUYR9n1aF2zvLhgAR6nH6Gp9Y0dbu90vwNEWkgeaPWbBic5hhG/Gf7pHy4/2qf4z8TWviLxh4YDRrNbXDtHrKoMIs0WfK3D/AH9wPrWcvhHH4zwD9l/XfEHwm0/UJPl1C8ttQluPskS/vDC7O/mD/ZXGMe9fTttq1pf3Nusk3/Ep8WW6LE6Zw0pG5lUDndXzd8B9Cg+Gn7YfjaMrc3P9m3ctlFHJJuSSKaL7TwD/ALBkx/1zNcd8Wvi7rnxH+MfizwJ4Z8Q6l4f8B+HbOPX9Xu9MgM+pxA4wlqB/EemPrWNGpyoMVU5JJrqfXl9qc0EbaosIjv8AQbn7NdrvX95bKQqORnptIbntVyTTv7T0q5srKbN5prm702TPLRcucH+7zjHpxX5E/Gz9rPRfDPxZ0ez+Dvin4jQvqGiS6hHqutaheXlx4juklkRbaK0Usd5ELDAxz9K/Qj9kX493X7UX7OWg+KyXttW8NIVurcIYpXliLLJC44OdyspB710Kqpq6IqTd9Vue0XWu2Wrf8TJQsllrKtBfQAf6mckoFPvwax7rw/ql5a+W0nl2HhYrDKv/AC3lt85b5v7vOPxrodL0WztGe2tk/wBA8TQGaItziVlwAPQ7j+dNs0gvtOjnmMouNK/4ll/h8LKJDy7DvgfyqgWqKlt4Ls7DSLjTYYUN5YH+0dOkA/eTknftB6nAFFzpj6hqK2Onnc/iJRDqSyfMsQVQTgdvu/zq5LAmiaP9p8/zNR8KJJcIueZ4GJOPfjP4V5/8Q/2hbX4JOL6HTZLrxF4htDLHazsUhs4juCyscfNudT8ikEhWyy/Lny88zzBZTg5Y7MJ8lOO71er2SS1bfZfkerkuT43NsXHA4CHPUlsttFu23oku7/M9H+JPj248IWi6bFKmmWGlWyS314qAtbxksilFPGSUPORwe/SpdG1aWbwemtaF4qudZtlR5fs88vmC82Bi2zgYPysPwr5h+G37TniLVfixazeIrn+27HWngsNQtjbQp9oiDMI+Fj/gd9+FALYwTzx7dpPhXR21+yn8J/220mnxywQWT2ckUEPm7txdmwDjeeMV87whxrgOJcPPEYGMoqEuVqaSeyaejkrP1vo7ra/tcXcF4/hvEQw+OcZOceZODbW7TWqi7r0tqrPe3uvhvX4/EGk2t5CrMlyhZHzw1akUyzNtz+8H3l/u1zegeG38JeAU03T9yS2OnvFAJDuKMNxXP4tXCfC3WfHP/CSaVB4jlxDJbNK7x2yiJmBOSzZ3ZwVwMY4NfVHyR7Be3CrbsQRt6E+lPa5ZiF6/KDXzp4/+PXxe0HxVfWmm/D+aXT0J+xXqN5n2ps9CpAA49K3/AAR8TfipMmntqnh9w91LtuFWEDyE9TU8oHtmcD5+B70AB/unI9aIJGmVDKBv2gkDse9LJMqnn5akXKhGtMjrTfKEf8X60GXzR8nzfShbUhMtw3pQHKh6H5qkZRtqASlOMU5Zc0ByoULhqJG2rQpA70k3K0ByorSt1NdZ4OlM3hy3Y993/oRrk5a6/wAKf8gGD/gX/oRrlxnwL1LpqzOI8TNImszFBnbK+R6/MajhupJoMmPb+Oa0NWH/ABNbr/rs/wDM1X6CvQpfAiTgvHX7N/gz4oa82ra5o/26/aNYi/2ueL5V6DCOB39K0/h78FvC/wAMLeRNB0e101psh5RukmcHB2mRyXK8A7c4B7V1aKKHKqK8yjkOW0sS8bSw9ONV3bmoRUm3u3JK7v111PVqZ7mU8MsFPEVHSWig5ycUlsuW9tPQ5zQfhbofhPxdqevWNj5WrawALyfzpG87HT5SxVenYCqPxH+CnhT4tSwSeINGt9QmtxtjmDvDKF5+UujKxXknaTjJziutZt1RSHaa3qZPgKmHeDqUIOk224uMXG7d2+W1rtttu27vuZU82x1OvHE0601UiklJSakklZJO90ktEk7JaHJ2nwm0fwF8N9W0XwzpdvYreWkyKiHLzSMjAbpHJZuTgFjwOOAK81+BX7IWi/8ACttNTxt4Xtv7es5pWY/aTllL5XeYX2vxjhs4HHtXuqtmnq2BXl4jg/Kq+Kp4mtRjJU4OnGDjF00nKMrqLjo04qzVklfQ9bC8X5rh6FWlSrSUqsozlPml7RuKkviUr2ak73vfTU5Xx58DvCnxL02xs9Z0W1ubfSxstFjZoPs64A2KYypC4A+XOOBxwK0/h98NtD+F2h/2foOmw6dali7KmWaRj3Z2JZj2yxOBgdABV3XfEen+FtOa81O/s9NtFIUz3U6wxgnoNzEDJpvhrxlpPjK3km0jVNO1SGFtjvZ3KTqjYzglSQDjtXoU8HldPHOtCFNYiS1aUVUa838TWi8tDz5Y3NKmB9jKpUeHT2vJwUr32+G9363fmXyu2kY4FSVDJ1r1jyRhb5qcFyKSlMqjigD5c/4KSDaPBf8A2/f+29e+fAxjH8FvB5/6gll/6ISvlv8A4KH/APJatL/7AkX/AKPuK+yyWFfkHCP+0caZ1i9uX2ULb39217/9ubW676a/rnF3+zcH5Lhd+b2s77W969rf9v736ba6JdTBY938WQMepPFfHfjf9obxP8TvFXiXWdH8WeFfh/4B0/Xl8J2msalpkmqXeq3mUQrDF5iRrH5rhcndls19fTQSNKjDqu7A9cgivzA/aY8SXX7KdpJ8NNQtbux8OL8RbXxHZa9NbPPp81o8y3U0L+WrOsiOny8D71fp+KqOGx8FlEYTpTbSc+ie1ip41/4Kbn9ln4xXFjqsGi/FbQdF1ZND1rxFZeGBpL6NcPGZDEs8UrpKVUEshQHgjIxWV/wWx8WzeL9P+E+sC8+22eqW2o3duHT/AFcTfY1Tb9Rtbr3PpXKfEb4HeG/2qL7VfCHwF1Dxz4j0PxV4im8Q3SalbSWfh7w6kyOt1KjSoJJJ2Esu3LDrW5/wWD8F/wDCAfDv4G6H5zTf2Rpd5ZxysD86r9k2nkk/cUDknrXwfHVSbySo33X5o/bfBynh3xVhJ2Smm7pejPqL/gimgh/Y20+ETeTLJq96+Nud22RQfzB/QV9oWSm2Qr6nrXxL/wAEUgt1+ypYyM3zQ6hfj6P5qcf984P4mvtxUKwDHfmvpODf+RNh/wDCfmfitzLizH82/O/uuSRnYOKgm1CJJMFsN6VPbjKc1Sl01LmXcYk+ua+oPz6OxdgczLnK4+tOYbl+Uj6ioltlig2449KILQKvyfL7CgJbC3MBeH75Q+uKS3PlDli3vU0+BFhufeq1jH9og3/7RFZhdFg/OKikfZC5OePmqbYUSorwbdLumjcblgdhuOBkCq2RN2c78PYUhOvXO4n7VeiQZGM4AGPwIP5+1b17qa/Zy5wCoyR71zvwot5JfCGbiQNLdStP8pyFy5YgHuOa6S40uGaF0Izvo1CO4Wk8k0OBsxjdkGpIzuaq1nZjTyRyN3AA71IxIiLLkY7Adao0SuTTwjg59ajtz5ycH5aWGUS7ssrBVGdpzjPaltVEa4jzt96nyJauK4I4wfqDiuX+JHgnRfEOltc6zYQ3P2Zd1vJ5jRyxN/supBFdXI2xPfNcr8Q3k1mWDSoVSQzjdIpP8PT+lGxB5loPwc1DxTafak1BbkRSH7EJoPLuLNh3WeNkY/8AA9wqKTxb418D67DYa7b281hI2wXl9Czwke8sanb9dn4mvctH0iLRdGjtlVThcMvan6nbf2gvlNGsscg2Plyu5fQ46j61ftHsWmfNNjpGkeI/Ht6l2kfgsW6EaRIpWaxlkcAyTrMWwSfu7Tg+3avXdE1i98D+GbS3+x2t/ZWsaqk9k6ksoGM7M47c89azviN+zrY6pHcf2RdnQ7ubHmxpEstnLkfxRkYBx/EpX8TXjupweNfg/fRafazxxQo+ZHt5XvLYRKo+YLw0eWByMnGacXcpyPf/AAXrul+KNbuNRs70S3D4V4JiY2hwoGNp6HjtXBftL+PJEjbT1tRc6dbtE1wgbElzcli0duFx90ojMx55CjHNL4Z+Kmm+I7a3udVsbaMBPl1XTZftUKn1cqN0Z9mWuTfS7r4m+N9S1Pw/dSapY+HVl2Xe4PHeXThQXVwMM0Y2gDg8cgUSMjofhB8GRqVuZ76eWeB55NQuSOt1dSMWeM/9M0JIX866/wAO/s/aD4FF4dPjliuL7Lb2+ZkJOevce1avgPxBo2kaBZ6bFetazwqIys6+XK5AxuYHjnHrXXRTxtF5mTKq87scUcxopaWPl79pjX/GHgDdLoHk2sofM2omwM6suDlTGzbVB4O4EAY6VwWiftr618J9U0601zw/Je3WpQrcmW1kZZWRsEOkJLRunP3lcewNfSn7QXj638NeFJra8aNLWaKSW5dmC+VbhfmJJ6E5AXPXmvDP2Ufgh/wnfjxfiP4k0+1M3iS3nhsra5ImOn6cM/Z1GQEP4pnjrWUpXZ0QS5bs9v8Ahl+1T4e+JMEcdjdpPcxx7rm3KtDc2zDnaYyMn6jiurm8SQ65oUs0N5btaIC0i5/e49x0/WvGfj58BvCt+ulto1r5OrnUIIoFtid1sC4/1MmQYBnH3CFHUqaz9aPxM+B02m6Vq11pXjvQ9Qu1tIIvLNpqVpGWCgySYkWXCn6nGcUr2M5JM9Z8G6XNr/ieSa/haG4th8ro+d6dlPpx/OvSI4/K49qq+HrCO0tVYpsuJ0WeTP3txA6/kB+FX3fzOMc+tDncy5UQD5jSqcHninGHyzmk3eZ1rMZIh3ConT95UqnANRtktVx2AWUALnNRRuzqSu3A9Tip/JEidqrX5t9LtDLM8aKnzMXbAIHYe/oKfNY0cdLjnuxDnzCsewZYk/KPxrzjx38UNY1TdZeGreGOaeX7Kl3cdORliqHhsIGbOew9acPEV98WfGTWUEMlnoFviSSTBDz8nAYf8BP6VtWWm2mveOVMKMlloUeyKPbhYZmID4/7Z5H/AAI1WpmZOo+FU0O50zw/Fmc6uGmvJpF3mZUUbst2yegrk/2lPF1zca5oHgrTYftk0ym/vSpwY7WFioJx0+Y4565r0vTdQj1LxHq12xWO1sh9mjyflEa/OzZ9cZ/KvI/DEAn8Tan8UlvJ5Y5nbT7m1kXAFgMFc9xuIjf/AIFVC1MvT/Cum654htfDFlc3Evh+3gbUrS6lG54rpidsRz937qv7bgKuWyR638QZ/FGq28qWlpGdJu4QD5cMpQFpAO+AUHtwak8EeHpvC3w38SXN2RE988muWT5+6kjAIi++FRCOwIqxY65Jo3gqwjvme6PjIi2uUmGPJvXBEh/RVPtGtaDMbw5JqFv4ovrtY47u60KJ/wCxbgy7RPpyFieO54YfQKe9TeGNQsbiwvfFV9+707xaolkhRcmwZQDBj3Zsbvqav+L7dfDvw/0/RIo3tNa0GWKySWFd0rWSsWlwO4MIOfdQO9VfiJpmmytp/g/TdttY+K2EqXKdbXb82R2+8g/OolqhRetzwj9qC4uPgj4WHxBsrS6k1CJ49J1a3BLSySyzCSCRV6niQKT2Rn7CvFvHV/qFxJLe/C66/wCK28SafBoV74fu5Tp0+pWYz5pt7s52SxjDAlec19GfEfVb/wAW/GrTZZJJb/SdI8uLXkkX5UumzGn4rES3/AhXAa78O/DPxv8AHmsQXemtFPoqvDGQrKbnEh3oxGCAQNuR2Fccoto7XThOKb6HzD8HP2cfjX8ENT8K6votlZWvizTbe70y21LVZk1T+y4vtMl1vgGxHjuFMzJ5jHawHFfoH+y98JtP+BHwM02z0OebVdU8Pwytqzzt8+pPK8k00rjn5izkjrjHvXz18B9bvfCfx+XQdP1eN/D16n2aa2vZN0OnbNzmQSsdwOPl+YkcDivoL4feJbXwzoWo+OdJ1W11yzV3Ot2VnOs621uG2uQFJJfy/mAxTw84x91mcsBWcuZRdvQ9V06bdAbC2uCNO1J31DS5yuXtX3Fgn03n8qt2uotewveXEZQzXDabqkYTAWYkL5g9gDnNZvhXW7LxFo95baX5e2FvtOjkHkRoMlG9MtWvLqv2SOTUboqNP1W1k+0An7kxBC5HY13LVXRzyTi7S0KcNivjfxpb6ZP59te2TeXdsifJNbjhMn3712nxA+Dfgvxfd2mqeJNL0+4OgQ7o7ieQxRxRId58zkK8YwTiTKgFuMM2XfCLw9eWfhK3u9RPm6nNCI5pG++ccbfpgD8zXmX7evxd/wCEJ+HsPhqzuNup+I8/aNj4eG0U/NnDBl8xsIMgqyiYdq+T40zLA4HKK2MzCnGpCCvyySacr+6rO6vzWs+m/Q+k4Py/HY7OKOEy+cqc5u3NFtNRt7zuraKN7rrt1PIv2craT4//ALXEmvXsZMNvPNrjwz3Tu8SqwECK4ALeW7w4BwNseMY+U/asduJ5iQH9SvmkAn1xXjX7D3wj/wCFffCOPVLhdupeKNl4+T9y3APkLwxU5VmfOAf3u0j5a9rjiMPLbefQ18z4W5HWy/JI18X/ABsRJ1Z6a+9ayfys2tLNtWPovFLPKOPzt0MH/Bw8VShrp7u7Xzuk9bpJ3Hx2+0HGQfrnNHmuEGVjyvAyvSljyDkNkehpbp96/Lgnviv0Y/OSrcXXl2zqwc56Hcfl+npV2MeaoG5l+QbmzkkVRnjaS2kGcOR8oq0D9nt1OVL4AODQA+0XyywTc3qWqYj5uqj6rmqkd+8rdMU4vMz7v4ajlYFl0LfxD8FxRbKRJg5P1pqneOKcs2w0gHyQhnpjWYJ604NupwYmgCMweWfWo2JFTSKQOKh3+vQdaAK97BIyfJt/E113g8NH4dtw+3d82cf7xrlZrZb1B5ThfxrrfCkDW+gwIzbiu7n/AIEa5cZ8C9S6e5yGsTbdVuv+uz/+hGqv2lXbGGz9Kt6+ijUrojr5rfzNZyyNXpUdYIwPCf25vAWoah8PNU16bxFff2Zp6W62+jxII4DK88aNJI2cycH5QR8p5B5IPrHwfcH4QeFM/wDQGs//AEQleZ/th+Jb7XfAeqeEdO8MeLdSvLxbeVLu101prMbZkcqXUk7sKeNvUitb4a6fp3xp+EVn4Z8ReFvEVjb6LaWcE0eqW8litzIke3dEysGZQUOen3lyOa/MctqUqPFOO+ormnOnC3M5qMqkZVHJc7jOySa0SaSsoq2h+pYinWrcJYZYx8sIVm/dUHJU3CCUuVOPM3K+7Tb3fU7v4jeHb/xh4Un0/Stcn8PXNwQrXkEIkkVP4guSNrEdGBBU8ivF/wBiXSl0Hxp8T7COa4uI7LVo7dZZ23SyhJLlQznjLHGSccnNei2vhPw5+zf4SvLjw/4b1m5huJkMtppiyX1xI3QMFdycAdcEV5Z+zV4i1Pwd8TvFz3/g3xtBB4y1hJrWZ9JdY7VGlmO6dmICgCVSSNwGD+Jm1SnT4ly7EYpcta1RT5XOcY80bQSbjFK768sW3vsjXJaU55BmeFwkuai1DkcowhOUlODldKUnpFaLmkkrtWbaOa+JR0XT/jN4yb4r2esXSTRO/hySN5RD5S7tqRbCF3EFOvyhg2/BJz7N+x/Z67YfAnSv7dnkmkmzLZCSTzGjtCF8pScnjGSB2UqOMYHl9p4am8E/EbxtL42+HmveNrjWpzLY31np/wBviER3hVDH/VELtHHzKABgADPpX7HXgTXPh58Iza65HNaPdXb3VrZytue0hdVwp/uktuYrwQScgEkD53w9w9eGfOrOm1zQrX92SnFuqmliJOMVUm1/DafuxTVmrSPoeNMRRlw6qMaifL7C3vRcJWptP2EVJuFr/vLr3nro9Dh/20NSs/DXxS8C6zq62+raPZu4udJdkZ2G4EyCNj8wIGOflzGASM1X+CGp6b4H8U6t8UNSjtPB/g/xEBp+l2FuplErZA3lIVIXmJ+MDDFu2C2r8R/COo+Cv2lb3xZqPhXUPGXhvWNP+wrHZ2wvJrImMKyiEnodjAk4XEx5z8p8uPwe8ULqrX2leEfFw+H9jq8eoLot5IqXhK4DFYWJcnBKggMSuAWYgsPn8xrY3CZ9VzGNBykq05KHJNuDUY0/azko80qTp3koxmlFtaS2XuZHSwWIyKjl1SuoxdJKU+eKUozm5zoxi5WjWUrJSlFtq+2jPtoHaaa7bmwKqaPqy63oFre+TdWJu4Um8i7j8uaHcAdrr/CwzgjsaxPiDrs+kQ2sNrcLBLc75Gmx/q40AL/oeK/pKMlJKS2Z/ONSm4ScJbrQ6IEFtu18/Sg22X5xn2rzOLxvpOo20V1p/iDVLiSVxEj/AGliu4nABHpmu28G6xcXsd9a35jiutNlETSKMLNkZyBVEnyZ8dF/tz9vCysb7/TbNdV0q1EE/wC8iETLAzR7WyNpLuSvQlm9TX2iw3CvivwpN/wn37f0z6s320Q63d+W3+rx9lST7P8Adx93yY/rt5zk5+zHuzaISedoycV+QeFP7+rmuYLapiZpX3stbP0UlbV9fn+s+Kv7mllWAe9PDQbttd6aeri76Lp8i48wqVjO2RQWXPfivjuP4eeJv25vHni+Sy8b6v4K+Hunam9jarpEUSXeoXEaCKWZpXViMEYGF6CvrDWtVlWy3oGjklOBn/lmvcn6jOK+R/BHjT4ifs0ahr9x4f8Ah5qXi/wLrWpzXdraWUix3umOWw42OAXVmG7IIAzX626ae5+PSlUi+aBmfFT4e/EP/gn9o9z4w0DxVq3xA8DWkqLrGk67IsksEbEBpI5EVC20H+5+NfPH/BZS/v8AXvA/wn1aaGF9ElivXsLhZS0k0MsVrLHuXaNuAHGAT0619G/E7xR8YP20tOHhEfDnUvh74Vu2Dapd392pvr6ActFEiEhA3AOSe9eTf8Fp/C39j/szeBILfQ7zR7LQb2OztFmcN5SG3lTb+Sj8q+O47oJ5HVSW1n+J+teBmMceMsLNp2ba181Y6j/gir8aNH8Ofs2XWmXsN09x/wAJFdtEYoS+MRWx/wDah/Kvu/wl8QrDxzDONO8/dByyzR7GH4V+a/8AwRS1qew8MeIbCCOO6e01Jri2RjghpYo1JJweP3B7etfbvwem1l/ip4mEcrSN5UO7zQG27g+VGAOPlHb19a6eCZ82S0GuiJ8ZMK6PFmMT6yb/ABPaoWwMd+9MIVmyKoWTXYiXen7wMckCjUorprwLb3NrCvUq6ZNfWH5eaOdwxuzUifuhtH3+wrH05b6PUpGkkt5YuiqqYI96trbXUkcmbiNZP4HK9KALuzewDg1BpdykdgVTdnzG6ist9H1Jhk6vO59FCAH8lz+taGhWBsLLbKxkbcSWJqeUzLXmk/e4FUdY2w6JqbsqtH9llHzHH8JrQ+tY/j28g0/wjqMtwu62gtpJGX+9tUnA/Kn5AZ/wkhFt8N9H3IiKLVWUqc53M4I/8dH510pkQjOaoeDtMi03wlplvGqGGC3XqOPmAYfzq2Io1z8ysfQdqUX3AnibzZVHTngntXnnxvubrUZdN0TTNWvdNvdUu1TzrcgSQxhX3sCQf4jH2713IDxnGdq4IbPqeF/8eIrhvAtuvjj4o63rU5H2bT3/ALPsw3OzCxmYfUyKP++KDoplGTxjrvwlOnR61ejX0vA8KHZGl6dhzvIGPM4YDgDGO+a7Hwl8SNJ8VNst7pY7n/n3ucpMP+AYLfpWDb+FrH4jfEnWJ9UsYLu10pI7W2Z15jmKh2KnqPkeP9ar+K/gMl5ex3Gn6l9nliG0R3arMCPZipkH4MKXkZyPQLvU4rRHkkfy44+XlJ+QD1z0xXL+Bf8Aifaze6pMpSdG8naG3ISOflOBxz715p8QNC8SeHrV7VtUvrTTpV2SJLbPfafKP7pJy8efqwrofhd8YNK0Oyh0vVJLSwnK5Sbzv9FnPQnzMDB46FQaszPVn/ujC55yKccJD6tVTT9Wj1PT1uIJIbmGRioljOQMe/enI7CUfKxz0NTqy9Q1GQWtr5hHTkH3rib+a28EaPq+tu0ks+pSfM7x5KORgKB3HrXU6vbTXcu0TgQwje4P51xLXy/EXxU1j5klzZWz5EVu21ePX1q47EHNfDb9new1HT7/AFxvO0XUtWmErT6bM8XnE8fMnAI9QV5rO1v4a+JvhpqEz6RpzsjStI2oaHF5G4nkme0LkH3ePBavfbO3itIBHEgjjX7oxyKkcJJLvKhmxjcxycfX0qG2B8+WnxhPinVW0/xHokusJYoHF/p8eWVjwR5LESbh3wG+ld34f1ZppDH4f1nzhEgeXT9WbZKFPbaAGA/4Ca6rxT4D0XxBNFPd2No11uwJwm2ZR2w45H51zWv/AAQhk1KXUNPuibl4wgjuSXkjx3WUYmH/AH8wOwFHMX1Pnj9pOa6+NPxVsPhvN8t5r0yXviJYzmKx0uE7oY93q+DlTXsvjK40fwrquii61G38KeHrG2WyFzLIsSuvRVO7A7muW8LfD6L4OePNc1m6juYNU8RyL9ou9V3XlvKg4CLcHBVOejox963de0uD9qC90/Rta8K2c2jbfOvRdlLy2MinjY2MEY9qJLS5r0sdL8J9OtvE+u3WvLH5WkQFbXTMj/j6Q5xM3ozZBrc0WCTx74wk1j5ZNH0iSRNNhf7pkwFMw987qXxT5Xh6x07wxpAit5bpljgjjX5ba2UYZwOxXAAPbiuo0fSrfw9pFvZQR+XDboEjVegHr/P86x1My46faJhK2C2PmOajZtsnFKsuVKoAC3BPek27BQAqAnlvwoZMCkiJJ+fp2oKlj8tVEe4A5HHXvTBKC23ncenpSHdHL8o3ZGMDuawfHPxG0/wJB+83XF63+rtY2w8p9BVR8iuVG5f6jbaQgmuZFjVeu84yfb1NecaJrT/GkahqF1btb6JpUjG2iYEfaZEJySPbAx9a1PEEX2zwk2payhurtihtLdvuQOxygK+vH6VJ4i0xtD8OaVpFp5kMupXIWT5uYF6zE+w4/Sq1G3oWvC066H4an1gyk/2gPtARxgKRwFJ7A9Pxqtpl0/hH4XX+oXpxeXiNczse7E4Cj1PIAHtVnxLbR6nqmmeH41UQXA+0SRY+9brzt/4E3T/cNM8TWQ8VeKNN0t42FlABdzKx/d+YpOzcO4ODx7UamMjmvFWh3Go/CiDRFmay1DxBhWnQ/PGHAz+OwmuT+IWj6h4Xe10RrcW2m+Jbc2d79l+cwxQqP3oH97aEX6KK9cZLXX/F+MI/9kQ4UnoJSfvfXA/nUHhuW18R6rda2VHkIGhhjfnaB8r/AJsrfpVEnjfiO/l1K20vwzby/aJPD05vmSY7WuLVSPLVh/tny8j2rUuvs3jP4tpZrJv0Z7D+1baRuPKvpEXK+3TI9ya6/SPC2n313rPiq7tbU3Ew8uGVE2usSYXDHv8AOH/SuL1vwxfeHfg1qWoWCW0t/dzvLZL5fz+YG2xovsOMD0FVEuOxQ0rXtQ13x1H4knw0vheNtD1JSfnd5OWYj0ClefrVXQvDkPifxZ4htYJZG+zYbQ58fu9q7GfDdODv/KrOteJ1+EvgKLUNWtotM1PXJEs9Ve6TebqeX5d5/M49BineKLC98H+GbXwvpsi/bNhl0y6tRsBVj+9U9ySDz/viqH5HmXijwjPt1Xxh/bVzomneLkkuJ7VbfzoDcRr5Ac/Mp3lY8Yz2X1ryvXPHWp/BT4T6hrfieyvdP8UG52SThleK9aXLpt4DfdIJznBJGTX0L4kNnrHjvRvCk93FaeHLlTdz2tz8wtbiAKCp9MupYjuYm9a+U/i/8YtH+MHxxuNW8Y3qweFvBgMboQdusuhC7ECgnsxxjuK5a21kdEPZwXNUPnG0aHxB4O+IXjfxvF4h1bwb8PbyKP8A4R7Tr+LT21K6uQsv+kSkklDvQKACcE8V3l/8HI/GHxcvrrw3/wAIn8N5LzwE/ivwg/hi9upLPXfKmkWeyu5ZfLR59iANsXjceKm+OOieF/iB4/utU8J+KPFXweg1SaGdLu78OSSaLrs0HEJkWQPGmxQoWQIDgKM8V674F/Zc8U/G34UeBP8AhLr7wH4Z+HegzOLNvDOniXUmSQMZrhLuZ2eM3BY+aQcsfSvFnSqc+h9tSzKlUjF0ppRS1T3+R6V+x38YNZ+Mnwa8F+JvDemQre/2Ymo6lA7FVlt2fAcHux2vx7V9GWOr2/xD120s7KG2vNH8Qf8AExuVL/PZsnGwr2z71w3wJ8Gaf8MfhFcDw9YxaQuhW+3S4IchP7MXITIJJYY3Hn+/XR+APh7qHw28LzeMYYVj1LWLoyXNtEu1SGOFjC9AcZH4172HTjT1PjczxFKtXbpbI98uL220yOa7upoba1tUaaaSRwkcaqMs7E8AAAkk9BXxT4fim/bN/aue4ulm/sRZDcPE7EeRp8JAWPb5mVLkqG8tjh5ncDGa6/8AbW/aOtdd8K2/hPSWZnvRHcanIGVljVWJW3I5O7equT8uAq/eDnHqv7H/AMEl+EHw0hnuo5Idb8QRx3WoCRmzEBuMUWxgu0or/MCM72cZIC4/EeIp/wCtXElPIKWuGwrVSu+kpLan59nr1l1ir/rfDdN8LcN1M+raYnFJ06K6xi96nl3WnSPSTt6w0ePpmlM0KzeSD++xnFOaRXYITsYnhT1+tC2Nst35oAMy8bu9ftXQ/GtkEaNJ16VYW2WEZXrT1A/hoIwaye5JV1CVoLWRvLDkDjJpY4AsSNjbuALYp2oTiLO7hcVMXXy1AHm5A5HQUgBLdDylKzkjaelMFyFlZETAUAlh0NPWcN2GfegrlARmL7tIo3H5qlR9y9h9KRl3UEiNKsY/i/AUkcrv/BgetKhZDxUySfNzQAE5X5eveql6nnxFPMMG7qV71ZjXY5xVa4jMjHCNnrmgTZWsNOGmqN7vJj2rtvDTB9FhK9Pm/wDQjXExXk0Ux3cZPeu28N5/sWHd1+b/ANCNcmM+BepdN6nF63xqt1np5z/+hGqm4NVnVk3axdfOD+/fj0+Y1UuIzGOK9Oj8CMuo/bgZpkq70rgvHv7RWj+APEkegrY67r+tNF58llo9n9plt4+MM4yAM56DJAwSACCbHgP4/wDhvx/4J1DXoLqaxtdI3f2hHeR+XNZbcn51Gc5AyNpOenUEDy4cTZVLEzwixEeeHNdXtbl+LXb3b+9r7vW1me3/AKu5nHCxxjoS9nK1nb+Z2i7b2k9E7Wb2vdHZKpBpdwryzRP2uvDera1pltcad4k0mz1qUxWGpX9h5NldnOAUfcSQSRzjAyM4r1QwEV0ZXnWBzGEp4KqpqLs7dG0mrrdXTTXdaozzPJcdl0oxxtJwcr2v1s7P5p6NbrqKGxTHPNPERUU1/u16h5YsZ6VKGGyoh0ooASX94h9K57x3otxqFlBcWKedLa7o2jIz5iSABgPwFdAeHHpUoxG26Ph/0qdgPL/D8NjYTDTdO8JahbzRH5ZZGUorf3iK7zwj4WfR7a7kuphc3l9IJJ3X7ufYdq0ygLbjFmVjyycVDrWt2/hTQ7y/u5PIstPge5nkKlvLjRSzHABJwATgAmsqk4wi5zdktW3sl3KhCU5KEFdvRJbtnx/+xWg+JX7Ueoa9fYhvI4LzVljgG2LzZXWNlw2TsAnfAznIXk8g/ZNzGsgO/oRg4r4//wCCdGjXU3xP1zUo482drpRtpZNw+WSSaNkGM5ORFIcgYG3nGRn7Axu69K/JvBOnL/VtV5r3qlScm/5ndJvz2t8j9W8aJR/1jdCD0p04RS/lVm7eW9/mU7pIo7OXcwVVX59wyWX2r5muf2ur6w1F/B3gbwlqnjrxJZyNJeyWlwtvY2BdiyxPMdy79pXjFfTXiG88nRrgrGG2qWJx9xQrbs/p+Rr5d/4JuajZ+HvCHi/w7eyx2viqPX57y7tpZQs15DK2+GTrkr5ZA6HpX601Y/Hasls5WH6d+3XqHg34gad4c+J/gfXfAkmrz/ZLTUZ7gT2M9wcbUWVcDJyOwryz/gs5BaeJv2WHmhv/AO0f7H1a3luFRidoYNHx/wB/R+desf8ABT/xH4aH7NeueHb1bZvEfiAwx+HrKOR5ZZLxZNySxBTkY9QAPl5rhv2rfAl5P/wTN8ZaXq0af27pNhaXM+U/eeaiQXLgn/eVvwFeJxJTVbKq0PI+28M8UsLxRhKnNe04/i0fK/8AwRw8X3mleJ/Gmlw6tp+ky3MVq63N4jOEZfOB2gH/AKaDrmv1D+CvgDU/DN9fatf6pYapNqUaKWs0ZVO3O0/MSf4jX5Jf8Ej7+ztv2n762ucXEOo6NKnkjrM63EJUL6HDsPwr9UNL0z/hD4Yry3ux4Yst5ENnKfNa6fuNvzN+WK8Lw4qc+UKP8v8AmfpH0hsL7LiyUltOMZfetT2DC3TBsPn2NPFsqNux83qa880z4sXuk6dHJ4ks208XEhSCckBZh2+T7w49RXcadr0GvxK9owljAGXBr7p7n4VfQsOPlyAPwFTR5+zY4/Ko5pdi7lVpP9lf50sU+V9KAuhDEFxnJ+lVtG1F79DvQhg5XPbHarMzbl4qjoMrRwSKcZ3k0Byo03XHBrj/AItyNb+EZA/Iluo48eoPGDXV/M/P41yPxjuHk8MRFYyzLfQgemN1BMtzf0W2e2021gJO1I8damKkEtghQMGpkUJDnkPgcHtT48P8rdG60CMHxzfJ4V8JalqkjuFtbZpuW4+UFv6Vz/gC8l8BfBFtQu9izWtnLqV0xXqzK9wf/HWA+tJ+0Bd/2xY6X4ct5lMmq38KyIBy0KHzJB+ITH40vxmuRN4b0vRkuYFm16eC3AC/KyD964x6GON1/EUGl7F34G6ZdWfgK0mvdxvdQH2yd+zs53DH0TYv/Aa7ORfO6/nUOlWqWNgtujri3QKgH8K9AKlTIFRcncivbQT26x75Vz97Y5BYdwfauH8YfA7TtTnkudKH2C7cBJSqr5TKT1dSCCBycjB4616BjEe9umcVxnxs8Wr4S8KyxrcfZ576N4lcYzHE2BJJyCPlGD0709Q5Txjw7quraHHJ9h1e8sLz7TIlrPYQNcWN7GpIDyROWYISGHBXla9H+FHxvPiPVb3TtQW3ubqxiDveWbt9nJPBGHAIb1Har3wH8Af2PpT6lcI63l5GI1DdBGOQyD+HOSePWtjXvCtrc+JY4oNtrcPj7TKFG4p26g/rVEkXiu9t9J8Kz3FvJJ5lw4XcXz5ZPrU/w08Mf2F4e85thuLthIzoMZ+leefGnwX4gtdcTWNMuNSdbaNIoRZBNkeG+dpFKnd8vYYqf4c/tBX88kmn30B1gROBvsLN0nQDruhy2B6kH8KduxSWh7NHgpxTQpNZOg/EDTfFLtFZ3ELTJ1gBPmD6ggY+nNaqOwhUlT8zEVPqSJLGHPP4U6JSqe/amTgxFS3G496lQ/LzS0LjsV7/AEmHVtPeG5ihnSUYdZk3qfwrgfFv7PVreaax8P3lz4fuVG0G1dmjfPqjsQB/u4PpXpQAPTn2pCuFx5T/AFBqeaxpucZ8NfAGqaJJcahrl5a32rSbIleFWEaRqMYUMSRnPPNdfLGZCuPWp448Q8qcYqFZGzgfdovciXkAjKc96QtuNPpPMUnFBmOA3D722gkqQB36n0psg+Xhc54/Guc1zxqIrhtN0ofb9WB8t4ozzbk92+lBpT3HeN/F8WgX1tpdtdwnWdRfbax4yQcElz7AA1yN54At4fE9nYzebc6ozG4vGZs/uzjlfTkj86ueC/CVta/Em5uZphd3tnCVvZCchJWAOEz93GSPwNbHgiY6jqWqeIJmVGINsC4/hU8Y/Skby2G6jbf8JF4/ttPLj7Po8P2h0/vMRiMn/dOfzqa3uYtT8e3twNxtdMgUqWOfmbO/88VF4KkXTfD2paxOwkuriVgzeqrkKP8Ax4/pWVp1zP4X8BSXd3iS61a42ZUYzFIfkP5Gr1MZbml4TRNQ17Wtdw7FQEtiTwkakk/zf8xUvhCOKLQ9S1q48wC+mkmQs3WNSQir6cA/99VW1+xfRfCEGg25Y3t2PscQQ4Zw4OT+HP5UeM7FItAtPDVmzn7YqAYPzLCpXJB/AfrRqTqYuhfadJ+HF3fSvt1XXXby2PTzH+SLA9AxTP41sa7preGPB0GnWsipJfIqgntMxGfzJ/WrfiC0Gq+L9L03aqx6YpuAAOH4wrfQNg/8BpLmxHibx1tlJW30xVmicfdd/T8Kogy/GkBsvDuk6LbkIdTkEUrf7K4eT81D/iah1Tw4useMNH0n94ILWEysitjlQcfjnBq1o8i+J/iJeXizIbOwxbW4I4WZlVm/MDH4Gp9Fuor7+19cYMvzskK7uVESgHn0Zs/lWhUTO8UaLB458bWWm3EEN5b2cavcLIgbLuxEWM9wUf8AMVwPjrwarfEiPVtKuntv+EcUeR5zF0M7sFYEdxsAOK77w0i6b4OvdexJHNqRa6Cu2WXKLsH4YJH+9WBe+JbbwD8D77xHqBiKyRyTTbx1kOSB/hQ5JLUFK8krHyH+0j8RdS8L3ev+G7uynS98Uzedbakp4MIBjcx91zL5n4Gub/YK8A6J4v8A20tvib7NLHa+HYbrS7W5QNBezu7K4KHhmC7OvfJqufiDbXOoSeN9Sa71LUPEc6Wmg6JFbNdXF3ESSzxqPuqjAg+pNafxcsNR1q00bxB4g+CfxF8INosv2hfEmmTx/abBdoUMkA57DhsjrxXFdt3jsGLrRj7jjc/Q/wASeBdL8UeHZtP1Sys7nThbyJJbyKDFGedpVScABeOlfGn7JUF/qn7OK+DrW1upNI8Ta1qek2V5KDiKzgeR0dCe0kYQKR3rmrPwV8RvjHpunwab8YNc8beANStkurlrGCGxmhiaRoxHIVXPmZXn617X4O8PeHdEh1PQdHu5VsfB9qr6FbRSsBblGVvJ56udvPrureNnrY4ad27x+E29e02DxL8R/B3hW0le3vtNJXV1RiFS1jQGNGA/56Y4+hruv2hPiXZfDG3tb64jklh06EyfZkmWMXcjfLCq7v8AbBY4BIVWODjFZ/7PVjdatd6z4y1SOFdR1MIJ2KY2BFKqB6cV83fGbx1eftG/F77LpLCazV2jsBIoiJUIC7nPPIjyB1wBhdxIPw/iFxfLJMvUcKubFVnyUorVuTsr26qN1pZ3k4xe9z9J8P8AhWGdY9yxHu4aiuerJ6JRWtr9HKz1urRUpLaxqfs7+ANR+KvjLVPHGrXBe18PyrezSurKbm46oqbcKNhCsQOANi7cNx9m6Jd3lxpEU6bbyGSIMEVfmHGetcN8CfhCuj+ArGyuEnt7G0y8VvI+XJJ3Hee+SSeMDngAcV6zaRhZE+UeWi7dsYxxiq4F4VWQ5WqFR81ab56stW5Te+r1aWyfXWVk2zLjjil59mTr01y0YLkpR0XLBbaLRN7tdNI3aSPNdT8b6l4pnuGSeDw/pmnSeVdS3S7ju3bcAjp82BWp/wAJLqPgLU7NNTmhvdPvD5cU8S4EeQcFj35GPxrmfFXh/SJNC1Hw74oNzaaZqN3Jd/bVkKAuz+ZjI54IFXfDsNs/hjS/D3hVpNRso5Fea+uWMwTblup55xj8a+xlufHnqUf+jxf6wSHsR3qRfmXNV5l3x46uMfMOhp8MuxcYJ+lZGZXvozNE3ylvYVdtpM26qEMbMNoU9R70x3EdlKzIVwO9IzMEB9VFAGV4bt7MS3QgM5YN8+9yec9q1YoNq8UxF2MSFRd3XauM1Mv3aAAS7TUitxUWVp6jJoAeJlJqTbzmoWXApBIwPtQBJkIf9Yv0qK5VZUw2fwNK7buwqN4mIoJkQC2+wncwaYdQB2rsvC83n6HC20rndwe3zGuQhRnf5zwOnvXX+GT/AMSSH5Sv3uD2+Y1yYz4F6l0tzi9ZIGsXX/Xd/wD0I1WYbhU+tJ/xObr/AK7P/wChGoFXbXqUPgRPKj5p+J8urWH7VV5d/DeObVvFCWCrrFnPEgslTaoGZGkQhsCI7RjnHzH5lHBHULeD9mHx3FI16vi641mA+IluECkMZ2KbAvG3cGz33Fh0K19BeJ/2c79viZeeKvCfiy68K6jqkfl36mxS9inxtwQrkBT8vOc8njHOXeE/2VNJ0fwT4j03V9Qvdcv/ABa2/VNQdVikdgzMjRr8wTaW3clssPTCj8FxnA+dYnE4lRg4qosTvKLpL2vwOklJzjKbS9o5RSs5cqV7P93wXGuT4bA4ZSmpOmsPooyVVunNSlGcnFU3TirumlJyuo3204H9ra2hg/ZO8J+SF2wy2P2fAwR/ozgYH0r6GsDJJp9u03+saNS/1wM15Hov7Jt7df2HZ+JPGd74g8P+G3WWx0wWKWyhlwE8xwzGRQuVwecHggZB9nYbhX6TwvgcbHH4vMsXSdFVlSioNxbXs4tNvkco6uVlre0U2lsvg+KsywU8FRwGEq+2calWbklJK1RxsveUXe0by0td2Te5W+anIhNOZOaliXNfby2PhSLy6NnFSP0ptTdilsN2VJFHilUYFOT71Im7B1xFjv61yXxsTb8EfGH/AGBL3/0Q9dcw+avM/wBsi8m039mzxNJbzSwSMkERaNyrFHuIkdcjsysykdCCQeDXh8TYhYfJ8XXauo0qj+6DZ7fDNF183wtBOzlUpq/rJI8j/wCCbIz/AMJp/wBuP/txX1Dv2HmvBv8AgnRYW6/CDWLhYYluZtYeJ5Qg8x0WGEqpbqQC7kA8Dc3qa9/lhEiYr5fwnw7o8J4ODd7qT/8AApyl+Fz6fxWxCrcVYuaVtYr/AMBhGP6GR4ojQ+Hb/wAw7Q8RUE9s8H9Ca8W/ab8BfBzwZ8OY9e+Jem6CthYxLFDf3CBLj7uRHHIo8wnH8AbmvW/i3ME+HmsA/KyW4Kt75r5G/avh0jxD/wAFD/hPoPjR4P8AhFF0G+ubC0uZylvLqCttDEZALLGVxweQBX3WIrOKsj5DK8HRxFXkrbbnB/Db9vL4CfBLVrbVNN+FHjXQ9Kvrkw2/ia88MMqXA2nmNnLS7DkYOOor1T44/G7w18Ufgh4ti8N6/p2pab470Yx6fKt0ikFklt33ZBw6lVypGRXy74t8Fr+1Z+yd8N/iV4j+I2keGbzwRreqLd6jrSyXMmoW9tfOttHDbJKiSMxCL83IA6Gua/4JMeMZfjD8QviNfS+E/D8lpfKiCS4Uw2Nndyp/pElvFJlY2kKLIyqBhpDXh1q1ScJ0nqpI+uyvC4VVY4mhHkdOSfrqjxf/AIJ76vF4c/a+8FNLdXGmRyXLQO0C5O0oQq+/zBPyFfs5DY/aYZL2zkXTbQ5DX0oD3s/sFfJHttxX4f8AgG4b4U/tOab5kyCPw14j/eS7vlKQXCng+hCfrX7ceGNUtPE8dreRW9xrF/Igkb7QGFrZKem1h8ox0zXyPhjXtTr4f+WX6n639JDCp4vA42C0nTTL+iW5mO6xtjb2xPzaxfttkkPcJvJyfbpUNzo0c9q01oDYRbx/xNXYx3T++zpzU15FBLqEQvf+J7fo25bfYGs4R26fJn3xmo75Xn1mZZA/iC/3bRb+YUsrP0wBlWx7jPuK/WYrufzL1LWkeNta0AER3Q1bTYeHuNQjEEp/3CMbvxB+tdN4d+I+neKAqxySW8jDj7QPLVvoT1rjrq3SRoftkr+IbuMhYLOL93ZQD/gOVwP8kVX1mCyutSVdTaO/1GP5bbTbXEcER7HeuWwD3zn3FQ1qS9z1RpRGOCz4/i7VU0aTzSxzjDHJFcJZanrHhi9t7a0uZdauJ2xJYqFZYR/v9T/wI1u+HviPptvqH2O9khs72RsGNziPPoG5GfxqizsSq4449zXD/GST7XqXhy3DsiyXqkhejYjkPP4A12Bkiu0yrrIh6FDuX8643xRGNQ+JehxszeTbRvPsI4ZtrLn8mNRHciW53MpBuZcH5dwx+VNmk+ygSddpzVKaYmfcp+UjNIupB7OYt/yz55p8vQRx2kRP4k+PN9qLSeZb6TarbKp6CSQbyfrsGKnsEbxZ8bLgMqvHoNjsR+qrLMxJx7+WgH0aqXwIQtpGoatKxY6ldtMqkffAQKn/AI6P1qf4LzeYdUvw5kTUtRuHB7YhKwIR7EKx/Gpa6AeiQr5X3/3jetSSpuXioSD8vX1qXcM4+b8qizAauLVNzHgcnPYeteP3GpL8VPjFLHGry6bojDzJlJ+YKwJXA4YMGwQf7tdn8XPFr+G/C0iRyRpPqMn2OMs+Nm8FS30UEtn1VfWsj9nzwnHoPhn7ZEXYX0xZCWKmSNcorMAer7dxB/vUlcDv2gWzssu5xt+TYM4HaobSxEaszM0rP3cc4qCG5a71aWOFiIYQHJ9SeorRd/MMZPc45rQClf3y6XD50giMUefNLtgquDyPU9K+S7XxB4o8ZfFLVf7c0FLIXF4W02Zfm862K7EyPTAB5wc17Z+0H8QtG8O6lpGlanq9nYTTyG4ELShZblQwyoB6jCn8zVv4N+G4p9KfXbtFuJ7plUKR/qkXIQD/AIDz+NaR0Vy47HFX/wAJdc8K2e+3jbUoyVzGy7/KJA3bMESxgHP3WI45qxoHxU1bwm8dsszR5kMKRanMXEjDqsb5z/33k+5r3IW9uwdmgjdjym7+GvLfFng+x8WfFyzhS0WGSwjF1qUqLxMCcKjL0fjk5B5rO/MQb2m/G+wlntrbWll0C+mbakF46ETH1Rlypz6ZzXapdQ3USyLNHIMceS2/88V5V8VPB2m+C/DXnaR/o11cybbXSDGJrTVXLAbXjfckY5BLIoPvTde8MP8ADjRbHVrTUrvRztWS9h84GzgyBkEH5iMnACn8KzZd0evQTCSPPH0oaQs9Zvhe6ub/AMOWV5cQQwXF5CJZUQ8Rt7e1XYZi4yefrUyGWtx8mqzxEjg083GeKc6Ap96iIESgx9akdY1i3FlUAZJzwPrUck0IVnJf5R/GMKPqa4TxvrUmv6Tf2mnvNBaCJo5Lgrtdmf5VVR3G4gfQ1W5XQ1dQ8RXniO5nh08oljbgvdXG7CnHO1D0KkdTVH4W+HbXwb4XvtQYlp7gyTF5BgkZYoSf93FWPES2/hPwDp+hW0LAsYrPywp7plwPrhqTx0wQaP4ch3SHUgCXx/AikkH0G1SPyoM47lKdbrRfAk15apv1bWZF2b+N5mcfKT/so+P+A1e+Ilt/ZXhW10W1bcdRmW0TsQUOWz7fKBn0Y1a1m+j1DxboukjPlwiS7LAf6toflz/wIyN/3wKoxT/8JX8S7m62f6LYRgRj+7IOCfrQr3NOYf4tT7Y2j6DuiRmKC5QNgMgUjH0JIz9BWhLGt54lsbMxR+VpMbeavqGwE49Bg1zugaYnxB1fUNVdpLV+baGQLzDsYFsfXaM1U8M+MbuHSdd1bUoo4JJma2ikLcSKC2zn27VXKSdHol4+t+Mr2/3Zj0mT7DGPU43Ej6hh/wB81B4TuP7Q8V6xq021re0by7fYdyleSSPrn9KzoNTbwd8LVvpgYryb5WA+95jAgN9cE1Bq1w/w4+F6afEuy7uAmn/L1Lux+cepwcfhTJkalj4oGnaRrGuyMdryfucDOE7KPxJ/OoSbnwp8M7uUTSTX1wGlibHzKZPu/iM8fSqWvW32e38P+HdvledOjyqnIdEO7B+px+VX/Et22q+KdP0u2d4ltAbmZcdfKxt/m2PpV20JKurvL4c+GcVtvf7TqA8hSVw4km5Df8BO4596q+N7CGXRNN8PL+5OqbQUQ/MwjG9wfYnJz6mr2rXja58SbKz+aWHSoJJ53I/idQI8epBzVCbWtNvvifcXE/mCRVSws3Vc+WcB3f2GCBmhXWpXu35XuUvHl3/wlGu6V4JgaWOKQC/nYjaiRxn7hPpnB+qivE/2gLy5/ac+M2neDdIv00/wd4Xctqssb4E8gKhYyOhHOfzqj+0/+1Pa/AXRtXulvJdQ1TWZGtrRcf6myiEzSSEjoQ6cDvx618QfssH4e/G3xP4U1H4vXnjC/wBW+J6XFzbaVplxLZaTb26jehmnEkZM5VWGA2BkZBzXn4vF8jsj3svyuE6LxOJlywX4n174Q8f+GP2bP2+9Zm8SJZWPhvVtHg0jw7qk67YbOa3XzJVViNqeY3GeM4r60+IPx/8ABng3wDPquseINGstIWEyvLPdxHzFI4KLuO4nI4x3r8ovhh+0F4H8EQ6avg2W4vvhzrOoRaN4i8Ca1P8A2xFoAuP3ttd+c4OZTux5Ykytfddx/wAE/vg54U1DTZLHwNZy6vdyDyWuGlnjhfAbKxyMybeR/DitMJU517yPOzTKZ4dxqUpXhLVFb/gnpbCz8I/Ej4gJY/2R4c8VeJbrV9KtxHsxAn7ofIfuq+d/4Zr2nXPBelaV4HttQvtPt5tYuFjIIXkyyKGDZHoTj8Kt+KbKGzh0Hw/bw+XHeEQXEUceEMajHQcAA8ccVxX7Sn7Q1j8Mr9bOOFrzUra3/wBHt5lPkeYCAGJHOADnAxnGMjOanM8yw+XYWpjcXLlpwTbfkvzb2SWrbSWpGU5ZicdiqeCwseapUaSXm/yS3b2Su3ojmf2vvirF8NvAVr4A0i4ja9uo/wDiYyRysstvB8pVHA43SgnIJ4QcqRIprrP2N/2bz8N/DS69rlu0WtasgP2WdFVrOHJ2rjk7m4ZgcY+UFQVNeX/snfAm4+Mnji68aeLLNrzSmmkuk85Qsep3ZkyxKBcNEp37hwpbC/MA6j7EMKvD5rLuKfdPpX5HwTl+Jz/NJcY5pDljblw8H9mGvvvu2m7O7T5pNK3Jb9Y42zDDZFlceEMrnzSvzYia+1PT3F2Ssrqya5Ypu/PeS2gAuMmrx2hetZsLtKcjNWEwD99t3oRxX7FI/HkwurRLhQBFHKndXUEfrUZtYYV2oBCP7saAD9KsCTApocMelSMdB5LJiRmOOnFOLgnCjGOnFKkW0fWkljyvFZgRak5a0kLbmwOgFSrHutIz7VHNcNBaueQoHI9ajtZj5IbzHIY4Ax0oAnQbRzmnB07l8fSiMue/HvUh4H3s0AIAv8PI96cRsFNzzR5+z5aBx3EM+TjFOVd1IJQT92pBJnigJbgVz2puzb96pEFQ30uEprclq4rSKvpXU+G23aLD/wAC/wDQjXnl3eG2kXnKFhk9816D4WbdoUH/AAL/ANCNc2OXuL1KpbnI6wv/ABNbr/rs/wDM1VI3CrmrMp1S5Xa2fOfnPH3jVVxxXfR+BE9RoXbTM5PNPphXbWow3yHoqn8eacpPfr6UgSnKuaAGsuTT4hilCU6gCF+lASnEYNKq5oATIA5OPrTRIH7r+BqXGB60hBx8uB+FBEdwbbs+YlfoK8o/bbvrez/Zq16OSeNHupLaKEO4VpnFxG+1Qep2qzYHZSegNesKMdea8E/4KLf8kT0v/sORf+iLivjfEHESo8NY6aV70pr/AMCXL+F7n2PAGH9txJgoN2/eRf8A4C+b8bFj/gn3od1pfwJmnuI/Lh1LVJ7m2bcD5kYSOIng8fPG4wcH5c9CCfckk29a8t/Ys/5Nk8Nf9vX/AKVTV6c6AitOAsPGjw3gYR2dKD17yipP8Xp5E8dYiVbiLHTl/wA/Zr5Rk4r8Fr5mP8SvIvdB+zTKNl3+7we9cF+0l+yf4T/an8D2+neJoZUu9NK3Gn6lalorqxlwP3iSIVccgZXdtOOQa7D4jziRdDj7y6hGg9/3iVQ+P+tahoPwa8TX2mqTd2Ol3EsarwWZIyRj8RX086akrM+Xp4qph5qrTdmvmflP+0T/AME3fh34B1jSvDs3xjfxRf8AhmST+zdHtfD0N7qWmJM/myv5gDmMliH6A9CK+i/2crP4SeD/AA9ovhvw5qFrdy6bdiWbQI0db+/lbhpLjzAGZunzHgYFe4f8E2vh94e039mjQNdsVhvNb8R24vdY1BzmaS4f5nDN944LMoz0Cgdq4n/grn8K/DVv8ELLxjBDHZ+OtC1S1Ohz2mI7m8fzFzBuHzFXXfkZwcc1lHCxijprcQY6rR96Ss+iVj8uv2xfDEfgr9pbxxZLYizhh1iVobF5AwSNnBVSw4PXnFfr7+zl4j/4T/4K+Hbi6mkgsbiyintbLS081rhWQMokZfmXgjIzxX5V/wDBQrSv7J/as1G6axFja65YWepJb7gzANBEpYkcAsYy2P8Aar9CP+CZ/jS41z9jPwu1xfW1pY28J08yBd1xcGJmUhOmOn96vyfgX/Z8/wAVg31dz+pvGaj9e4KynM46vkin6NJfmmfQFss9vqP2JWj0SyX5vsdg5e7nz/z0+bIz+B960Y5hawJB5M2msf3kdlpx/f3AHeQoQfrliPWq2kxtBoSy2Ii0HT2c7rifm5uT32kD5T75NSfYroafm3SLRdPyPMludpubg+zD5jn1r9n5r2Z/Jj0K0V7FpQWzGfDMMw4tbRFluZvYgZI/A4pNVsTYvDbrJ/YMUrB2igjDXl7j+9kb19PlIrRto5NKgW4tA2jwr9+7vXEkk/snO7B/Ko7K0j0/Sk+yxiwshxJfXqBpLg+xGSCfqaZMiGaPzNSS2MA0GGYbZUhlzeXC9sgEkZ+uaz20cTQSaXewx6ZpsrkZnjD6hdD0VMMR7HINdFBErafi3t5NOsyTuvr0+YX/AN09RWD4V12R9OvHsbqM20bssur38WETB6KrHcce1ARHRwal4S1KFtPnuNP06Bf3Vjc75JL446GMksufVcflVRPiip+Kulf27YahplwbCQiEKJVUllXnbyg5/i74rSspzqM0l7p1isJlAjudYuiH8xR08sfebnoO2a4rwo0Op/GbUb7SyUWxsI2m1bUY96SrM4wEQ5KYKjigfKj22x1q11SMJbTJJsHGD29/Sq2uWZl0S+jjcedNbyIgB7lSAfzIrzS+8GW/iOS7m0c3cF5HOFu9baQfZy20nKKANq8AYxjmnaR8Q9Z8NXS21z9o8SWFqp+0ahFbrBHb/jgbh74pR2FylJPFfirwJ4LuNJfw/PuhtytneWR86OQgBdzAcqRkEk8ZxW98FPF1vofhHS9MdW3WVnHFO6N5g3jJY7gAM5J4rqfCXxB0XxPFHHbTpOcnCg469RUWreDdP8Q3PnSQxWc24ruhUIXHvjrWlkLlZ12leIIdWOYpNyqKu+eBBvz2ySOuK8rudN1jwDfyTCdbyN0I3Q2++aP+7lVALr9OR+NY3jP9o2Pwb4fs4LiN9V1S9Yp5NojwmJAMsxV/m4+Xg8/MKhxXQfKR+LbfU/il8UJ9Nk0u8exyBbXEkZEHl5Pnbm6AlfLAHfB9K9gkSDw3o6wQLthRRHExGMYAAP5DH4Vzfwf1TT9U0f7Vp9+tx9rIeWJsiSJvTB5FdPK73erNwrQwJggjgNmsySXw5brZadtLCSWRi7OD1Bqe+k8u1xtOcjkjgDIyfyzU8MapHuAA9hUE0u0ttG5mGMHpSA+W/i/bQ/FD4jXVzeJ9mhsWJha4tleaAIQgbbtZ0VgzHOAOR616t8HPij4ftPBlnatefZGkTI84bQ3uDXSePPhnp3jeWO4mRrO+jQxwXlufLmiB5KhhzyecZxXm2s/APU9Ike4hW48QJGCJJ5LhbO/Ru2HB8uQe0mWPrTuXHY9aHiS3ktftfn281rGQGkjfd8vcj3xWJ4evYfDGk3Wu6lM3m38rzKWHLwk/Io/TivFdDM3hPxCPtsmoSo8okl06XFpdOR3G/wDdOP8AcIz2FeweG7AfFvxFDqstteWmiae+2xtriMxOkw4bevOV/wAKHoMd4U0S98QeK7nxJrcaxRRRk6baTHAs0JBEvszALkHoRSTyj4q6/EVikk8NabKJHkZcfbpQeYwO+CAePSpfGOoXHjLxL/wjmnnba+Uj6tcjosR/5ZqexB4ruNK0W38O6VbwWsWIIgFQev8AtfU1N2Zj7eCMjq2OgAHGKeYgGpy3ACYbCH0prsAnynn1qSkrhJKCu0Dn1qnqes2WhaU93qFzDaRL0Zm61HrmtwaFpbTXkipEflbnBcnsK4PwnYaj8TvGd5qfiC2dNNsYxJbaeOGhkflxJ2baVA/Gg0jGw34h65rHjrXdG0jT5rjT9PuLhvOLDZcXMa48zKH+BQc5+ldJr9qbvU9L0uLaYrI77oD72xVypx65Aqt4YEWteNNQ1L/l1g/0KCXsdjbyy+mScH1C0eG3kifWdfkbDHMA3cgBMMG+mePwoWgNl+3k/t74hLctKJLfSAIiOzTHBVx6kDK/iag8MltY8YajqvDWtmHit2J+Rk/iwfqD+VQxSHwV8OrqTH+m3ivtUj5hK24j9TxSa3F/winw6tNOhDPc3uy12qfmYS8Nj3G4jPrVamfKQ6Je+Xa6vrsyosLHyrWRj82wZAXH++cfjUstyfAfw8maUxrq2oF5Bk8yTP8AeA9SCSfwqzquhW8FnouhqrSRM6zy4P3lUl//AEICmazbN4j8f2NrFLC8OlF72QMufmYrgfq35VI9iLWWuvC3gS1tbYK2o6kqQxIp/wBa7D94zeny7vxI9ap+O/By+ItO0jQIkc2bSCVyVwIxFj5T6bgcVdSyfxD8UWleTdY6fbHydpwPMYoT+Wz9aj8OaxLrXiXWtVB/0aKJYYx2ymc4/StBcxneMNQmvviBDp99aCXR4WF1NOnzGByCscZHoChb8ql8+H4g/EW3MMiTWGggGSQH5BMc7CP9oYP5j1qXRJo9K8K6zrl+4WO4L3b+ZzvhC4AH0b+dY3h4TeAvhXd6o0kUGo6ghu7qNl/2SQAOxb5VHu4oTJOmspLLVvF15qBkYR6VGLISY48wfMT+RWsrwRqcl9FqfiO4VAlzKqxSTHbtjj6Y/wBl+ufesXWNct/BPwuW0vpwLm/I/tKQHHkeYQ08v0AaTHoFHpXOat8c7a9t7PQbmwm0LTdTCW9rqM5/cTopwSAOeQpFaD5Wdz4U1ZfCvgy817Ujtnkd5BHLwdpJ2J/vN2HevIvi38b9D/Zr+EGoeIfFeq2elX2tRynTorx9kg8zIUBevXFdl8W/EtreTaTFdTpp2hac7XpeQ8SQxLlCx75dcD/fr4X/AGzbjxF+1Jej4kTWcVz4B8IaxYWZsyULlRMVkfGcldoDcDpWc5W0RUpRh7wz4T+Hte+Kml3uueI/AfjjxhZ6vZNbw3GnaS/2VIpXEbuDMUyQpJTbu3MMV454z+FHi7xDcT/B7S/h5J45stBjltvDWpXcZstf8HWTurSvJYTFUkcBdvmbWChh8wr9jvhL4v8ADfjX4f6XqHhd7GTQ5LdWtTbOihVHRcA5HOeDivmj9o3xDY+Pv+Ci3wntvCs32nxDpNvdvrklqSxgs5ECmCRxwDujJwSOvSuGpgVVfMzfA53VoRcLc0X0Pnn9l3/gnteeO/jvIo8D6p8L/hfpk+ma/eeHdUuYpJ9XubWJY1byo3Kxg43Asc+tfopZ213rXxCeUrJ9j0W1MdrIR80jl8svpuXAH4VBYavB4e8I3/iRtsS3M0kiGTkmPPG71qh4cv7iPw8tvbXUduqPJdapqFw4WGFcZdiTwoGGJJ4GK6I040o3eyOzHZpUxnLG3ojK8QfGO10DUfEutCSK8t9FtzHbujAx5HLqzEjDNJhQO5IHevnPwb4V179sP41efNbyLYo6NqE8Z2izttxON5U7pW+bbkHLZOAina74seMf+F2eLNN8H+B9PurjTYbuRrcAsJdVuH+9O6khVRVB2lgCql2YruKr9g/Av4R6f8DfBEOi6c8t0zOZ7q4k+9czsFDPtyQowqgKOgUZJOWP4fjK0uO84eCoSf8AZuGac5LarPpFO2qXldW97eUGv17CU48DZOsZXiv7RxKahF70odZNX0b87O/u7RmjovC3hjT/AAT4fs9J0u1isdPso/KhgjXhR1PXkkkkliSSSSSSSa0FXZFs9acY/m54p2Pl45r9up04UoKnTSUUrJLRJLZJdEuiPxGdWdSbqVG3Ju7b1bb3bfVsbEnl8CnESFvuKffPNPSLAz3oJx7UEkfksTzxUsKbRSHgZoLbKUtgJkYZ5z+AoZVB43f8CGKZt3jilUMrDOfxqBNjdRXbp0vH8NGnIIbNF27u/T1p2qShNNmPcLkVHpzPFCPNPVRjFAak0iAjceMdhUQk808DbUmN5zUcknzUDHYKLwMn3o8/YMuEH0NKr5SmwxK0vOWoAf5asN+T+ApRxzg49TUgUA/0qGVcmgqQ83aiqGr3UsluwRY/T5mxU8Ufzmptiyrg4/GqWmpJgG1klmt/MwAn3tpzmvSPDpX+x4du7bzjP1NcKIjBO5MMjKrYyDXc+GG3aHDgFfvcH/eNcuOleC9S6e5yGqDGrXX/AF2f/wBCNV2bIq1rPzapdf8AXV/5mqvl13UvgRlIbSqmRS+XSk7RWwRE8ummRl7ZpxIYU4cUFCI24UtNL0ffWgB1FFJu5oFyoY8hU01Z2LdKlK7qTcq0tRjq8D/4KLf8kT0v/sORf+iLivfs5jrwH/got/yRPS/+w5F/6IuK+F8Sf+SXxv8Agf5o+28N/wDkpsF/jX5M6j9iwZ/Zl8Nf9vX/AKVzV6bJG1cd+zN4dh8K/ALwnbW7SvHJp0d4TIQTvnHnOOAOA0jAd8AZJPNdpLnnFezwjQlRyPB0Z7xpU0/VQSZ4/FleNbOsZWhtKrUa9HNtHJ+OYhJ4q8LoD/q70vj1OKyPjdcf8JLax+HTMLFdRO66mfO2ODcVOcdmIx+NbXiIQN440dpJPLaySed8njA2HP5A1yGn3Vr4z1C98RGxge4EpghvL5dkcMankBH6jOTnFfRHz6ipKzPnrR/2TvEnwr8WXmofDHxvfeB9DuCZLy11+Nbixd/70Cqc49Aw61Y8Pfs06p8Q/iBbeI/GnjdfG0+khprE3qw6fpVvgH5/sytukcZJVjyKr/tHzX3x9/aV8L/CfTPEGoaRBrFq+s6vqMMKoLq1VgiW9sGP3vMXJcDIU12V9/wSk+FuoeEpLO2TxFZ6xJEVfWYNWn+2GYjAZnLHcOeQFxQ+xwyp++oPY/P/AP4Ky+CNK8O/FLw1faVJNd293pv2eW5aTcs7RMWcp6LhwQOwAr3T/gjP41F78GZ9OFvCW07VGtjc3fzw2iOgmVlXB+YkyjPH3DXi/wC294UvZPgg9vql3PrOtfDLxhceGrq+8sJHLbTxiWOQtxucLCFYbR8wI71sf8EZfE27xf4y0ZEa5lS2tdWt4Wl8mNhBI6NuJ4580dulfitBvB8ZSk9p3P7MlP8AtfwfhOGs6TS9LOx+l1hKRqlx9jWfWL4KMXckubRPorHApILF31nzrOH+1dQP+svmfFrZ+q4wT+VULKOTUk8rUJvtUTMQbLT41ET/AOy8zYXb7irP2Zb8Nbzuz2lkQsek6YgSKP0Elwfvfhwa/bZJJpI/kOcddNia523mr/u2udc1OA/NLGhitLX22k4f6irT3S3U7zRwy6xqUZwTC222tT/tIeOKzdRvvt81vZXCLtPEdhp0eDF/svIvyGkubObUJG0+aNoIbaTP2DSl3znB4EjLtVM98k9aZPUmf7LruoHydviLUoxl54wDY2v1jbjI74qvHqFtq9/EqwprmqROVEcZ2wQ49QQcfgKzp2i1e48iaWBYLdiRYaXNmTP/AE0mUAfnTNEtmsphatNdReZIdllpyebcOD2d1YDH1NBRs3unz3t9CJP+Jpq0b7oIYWK2lgezlCCMj1A5xXDaJ5978U9evru+bxFq1q0Nl9ntXMcKBN2Nytxj5h+VdrM32fUDY747OBArDTrRo2uZ2P8Az0kU/Jn+fFcD4IkvD4h8UWlxP9lt73U/JisrSJmuyAgJDzJwM5I5PamrAdlr/iMXWpeRqUkt/dKMDR9OJ8u3/wB9/uHHpjmqWtTxQ2sP205cLm20yyQRBR/t4OD9MVB4i0YeGbWLTzcjSrEEBLKEefdyHsW2kY+pqvqsF1o1ukD3RsEnGYzFie8b3Uj7v405AN1/w5Dq80F5qEsbanHg21npU2zb6byuAT6itLSvGOr+AYUTVLmO+Mx+TT2IW7QdsYX5/oOazb9buzeOxhlt9FivU2NOD9u1G7Y4I2oPlU/e6HPNMsNOi8KrE9jOmllXJee7ImuZW7lY1+dT9BWkadzM9X8D+N9P8RatJEJHtrhYlaW0vIjFPGD0O1uSPerXjj4R6F47aG5u7Ix3VvxaXlniK4hB64cc44GRnBxXluraPaRW8Vz9qm05bhvn1K8l829kfssYJ3qCfw6VrQ+OPEnga2ia4vFutBjVVJ1GRYr0vk8AKGLZGOp7VjJWK5htt8EtS+GPiXUtah1iTV2uyixPNItvJERu46lHJ3DgjcccEVesfj4PCfiGx0i+t7281O/l2t5Vuyy2Zx994erL7gmtHSfjppmsanFHeIdJtpRk/wBoRNHuPbaxO38xmum8TfDrw98TdPheeKK8aE7ra7jKtLHn+5Jzj8DWZJb8OfEDT/GVvJLYXUV0ImKHYwB3g4IK5yv41vpN5DYcAfKDXkOkfAW5+HFrdwaJIlyL2QySNcSEXHIAwJcZPQcMcdar+Kvi7qvwftrMajZX1zDM/lyTyKrGIfSLcMe7FfrQB7HtKp8rJjryM0ySGO4IcRiSSMY3KPmH41x/h34xaRrqQRyXa215KobynwQc/dwykjkds8VP4l8byTtc6PopWfXJLc/MP9XbK3y7m9SDzjrigDB+IZtPitrP/CK2UZbPz31zEcGDHUZ9cVW8arN4S8R6fovhu6dry9hVSrIpFpEvy+e7feYE8YPetnR7Ww+DuipbtJ9pvbra0uzma8kPLsp67Sxb6Aj0qx4E8HPpUv8AaF8C+q3zFpX+8IkJyIx6Y49s0PcrmNrwR4Rt/Anh+10+1VGkzuuJsf60kck+vNa1xbm8tgu4jDHoaFgkUgkhueMVPJIZsLgDscd6RIxIvLt8fMx9+tZWueJbfwvbNJL828gJHnl88ViePPivb+CbPZEkl/qDnYsMX8bdvp9DWN4l0W/ttNupri6jn12+Uw2yBcx2ucAnHRse3SmVGVhvgi7b4haZN4q1u2uIIIAZbC0ZsYUc/MOhOa09DuJPCfwqW8cyLqF0pvAjHJ81zlkPr6496Ne0qTw54e03w9pw8yadoY1Vm/1dsDmVyT1PLjHX5h6Ve8QrDr/iKwsk+Y6S/nyMOEKEYAI70WvsVzXHGzHhL4erY7lju7wbIcjpJxkH3qPXZItI0bSNAQ4e/EcEanrlDvYt65wRRfs/iTx3BCki/YdFVmkVhljcyA4H/fsk+xplrM2teOZ9RIX7LpsWYjjJ3gEED3qfUmRb8UP/AMJJ4msdLwAEUXMvH3SrAAfmR+dQsT4o+KO/aWtNHj5x0Wd871+qqkR9t/vTfCVzJLper6xcEBryZpIMrt+RQwIz2+YA/hVfQmk8O+D73UblXWfVpdzIDyrn5VOfcBT+VMktabdLrXjm+vFD/Z9Jj+zQndxI7/61f+AbYx/wL3qDwjE2m6NrOvXHDXsxKn++sWfLYezAD86Zc6PPo3gS2s4D5Go6pcLGWY7tjyPucnHtu5+lTeLodx0zw1ablVyouEP/ACzgi2859STH9QGpal6k1tqi6B8PJ9SljMNzKWuQrdS8v3V/BmFY+vaRe6F4GttPR1F5q8yrJtGCxIJlA9O/5Vp+JJv+Eh8Z2ejKuRpv+l3pH3FUn5R7+vtVl9mveONvL2+kRblbPG6Tjr+BpkFLx5ogmstH0GBlVby5BmRucRqMtn/ZBKZHvTvGEEmp+JdJ0a2SMq6rcyFlyFMZBCn24HHtVPwxL/bniHUPEErMbaGMW9rnvGnzM31Mm8e4UdsVF4ZMb3GueIbmZ1iuo2eMlsBYxgnB6DkClaRpGx5p8WPDEXx6+MltDZ3JitPAYd73a2EvbhgQsZHcAAkg+tUnt4vi3q+oxa3dWcPhu2hFjbBE2NO65ZliP8LAsQT7Vk+P9K1e10rUviN4S1ay068+2yXN+LpT9nmTb8kQHQt1+b39q8fvf2p7PUvhNDpHhS5sftUoe3lvrmZEtdOknyJJDKx2vzuHyn5cVU6sIrU6KNCpVklBXR5X8XbjxZ+0X+0Anwh+HfiL/inWm2PdOpnm02BWDtvYn5sN1+or6LuP+CVOvfD3wFcjwt8WvFUevNB5dxDqLxz6ZdtsAAeDG0Kc44ycA1wXhz9n64+APj74eeOvhdfaV4y1Jo7ix1qytL1HbVYJQrPskzsVlIb5mPRh6V9N3n7V/ivxJZSaVoXwr8VP4puI28qK9nsoLO3cD5ZPtH2hhIFPUBexHFc0J8+qPLxEZwqunNNL0PlX9mn9kLw98T/hx4lmuNS8YeCPFOhas+la1pnh/Vvstg1wrsgKxN0DKFYBSDhxgV9R/Df9nDw7+y18LHtfDukvFqutukF5fSFmu7m4lUfPI7nedqhuvfNcx+y98Eda+BmlzR+LdSsZfEGs63L4m8Q3EZzHHcMX8mID+L5SBxx8g9RXrXiLwFefFvWdLuluJrXQbFeNzESXLZ4fHUfjXTF2LoQ5VcZ4g8Mj4r6Sugqsg0K3MZnuYztW52HOxPQ56+teN/tW/Hq4+3N8NfB0MixRlLK/mtj5txfyMAPsybCTjJ2uPvM2UwAGD9L+17+0RJ8JLRPBnheT7LqE1uHu7uOQb7GNs4RcHKzMBnJwVVlK5LBln/Y5/ZOuPAklt4w8RxyQawyN9gsSSrWSOpUvKP8AnoysQEP3ATn5zhPxnjDPMZn+YPhTIpOKTX1iqtoQ6wXeT6pNXa5b253H9q4RyXB5FgFxVnqUm0/q9J7zl0m+0V0bTtfmtfk5uu/ZI/Z2/wCFG+FJLjVIbVvE2rc3EifM1rF8pFuGyQcEbmK4BYgZYIrV60PLtzIrK28Nwc0CAn1+tEenYY5bk88mv03JMlwuU4Knl+CjywgrLu+7b6tvVvufmGdZzi81xtTH4yV5zd32XZLsktEuw9HLR89PWpIyI4sg5qvPasD/AK1foBT4htixXqPY8uJZt5/NOKe4qukJdcA7akiDqcF1b2AqChd/OKWZdxFBiAO7pTQrM/TipkBYMbLGNtNEcgH7xgR7CnOm5Fx1pPs7ev51JMiDWBv0mdR1K4zUmnN/oiK3zFVHNR36vFavhxnHTbmlsbhri2Ulhu6EbcUElgDAxUTWw652+5pxfa3FSK1BoQ7ARw2/3FAUnjzFjHqamO1z2FIYsD7uaAEU7R/e/wBoU6hU3fe+UU4AAf7PrQA0Q0yKLJb3qXfzQ7+WKAILaFVjkEnds8mur8OgLo8IB3D5uf8AgRrkJwty2MlfqMV1vhaH7PoUK/3d3/oRrjxfwfMunucjquf7Vuv+uz/+hGoadq8jHWLoekz/APoRqFfmr1KPwIwJKaw3ik8ps/6xvpTydorQ0GhMdaRsdqGO6mYK9KAHhd1OVdtQl5BQJG/ioAkZt1JQoLCigCQPxUbfMaVV3U77q0AH3Vr5e/4KT6jOtn4PtVmmW2le7lkiDny3dRCFYr0JAdwD1AZvU19PZ5rwX/gokm34JaWf+o3F/wCiLivz3xVoOrwpjIp291P/AMBnGVvna3z6n33hbXVLinByav7zX/gUZRv8r3+XQ9U+BbZ+Cfg//sB2X/ohK6l1BU59Oc15V+xcrJ+zP4ZYf9PX/pVNXp/2sSBlYbxjlTX0nC+I+sZNhK6VualTdt7Xgna583xPh/q+b4uhe/LVqK/e02rnk/xR1nUp/i5b6VY6e96ZtPLSvj93AhdlYuc8AjaPwq5Jel5HgvbS31K9if5LCNt9nbKeV+cdCOvNcxd67qlt8bPFP/CSfaLDTRaJFaTWCeeZYM5Xd6HJbiuj0vULdNA/c3CadpUxJjhhfzbu5PclMdCevpXvHjQV5Hkv7T3wMufiX4h0HxBpPiWXSfiL4bmzo9zYxi5itomGDbykEbUJ5Oeeelcr4r+Lv7T2jLH4f/sj4WxX04eCS8s7yaecKVws0USYKMG/vdK+gpJxpNmP3VroFlcfICgb7bfE9Nqnj8OteFfEv/goL8Nvgl41bw3/AGpMl9DHuu4NM0qe+1M5AJOEGUAzg+9ZVnDlbvZoKWXV8VJxgn6o8K/bE+Bd38L/ANjnxFpmsa22s+JNRiGs6hCCHae+FxFI80xAwvyNNznvXzX/AMExPFEek/tdaFZTTTR22tWdzYMkS5N3+6DqjD/tn+tfd2ofF7wF+238GfEdn4P1nTTZNZTwXElzI8eqO7xSR/OkuDgPwcjIPWvy6/Z48cXfgD42+EdasbqLT7yO+jeK5K+ZHbbmCFsdwCT+lfkHGFNwz/DYmitOtj+v/BmMavBmZZTiHy8qbjzaX06edz9pvCPiyOPw09vrF1ZeGbGJzAuk2bbp5gvGHDH7vHGK3LqR7W3tjJex6Fpsqgx6XYxb57wdmbvj1zzXzfpPhPWtf8Y3V7eeJ7n+zNPlK6lq17M8EbSdWVFHysvPGFORUfgT4vfES18YT+H/AA9eaBc2mlmZDqmoWfzyJvHlmEPJzkOOnt0r9jhVjKKkluj+R6tB04pPfW/3n0vrDyadp+Z5YPDGmSkbIbaL/Sb4e+cDnpzk0y71aLSNKRLwxeFtDf5AXykuo57FSO+ccetfKHjf9qvVvhVrbTar4o0m11EnD3GoxW2ZSeN0IF55oHB68ZHIqlpXx98V+KJ9M8TaTPp3jKzGqRx6ldau6402EtiV4RHLyQFUjOe1Xzo5FNOR9UW/iQXWjs1rB/ZWkxybPItQftM+WC5IOeOR/DVe1jvL22uYrCWHwxYyL88zKJNTuPUDb29ARVjRre9h1r7fo8tjdW9ygEmq6i/lrEPQAHnHpnNP0Ka6utQmura0sNcu4WOdW3N5MP0bGBj3qipXuZulfDw6JZtLdXeo6TpUR86QzzA3113Pyk8A9vrWL8GNGudF8H3CwuPD+nzzzvJJ9pD310DI2A3PLcHGOfmroLrxLLaaJcXVtYXOvaoVnE2omNXitFCNnaQTnHPaue+FXivTLfw5ps1st5fahdx7nu9QhMUUPOD83Qigg61rCSDw1/xL/J0fTgu5rq8VjqVx/tbZMjP159KwrVEuLFbq1W506NTtm1fUUkFzdj0gR+Mn1TjitjVDH4g1JBGU1+eH79yRssbP2Vs5+maj2QtrawxzP4gu0O51kI+yWWP9oDr9T+FAC6Vo8s1kZdPH9k2rn99qWqIYbhvePnbn60aajXlyZLCG1iu87JtWv8plR0OB978Kr3Ui6rdhYJV1e8hY7Y0ybSE+m/A5qKbXLe7m+xak02r3ydNN27rZfqw5FdlMqRo+E9UVtUmk028m1C4hJEusX5Maw8/MkTscEe2eABWnca1A08s1tHDql8wMa6hfnbbWmf8Annt5Y9wenrWFPqguNT8ma3tr6eERmPTEl3W8I7F8Ht23VNql7/wl14U1F2b7HKqxaPpscbRP7tjBwPWueslck3vD3hG1s9OKzed4m1GTme5vosW0L/768H6Vb0eHULC7S30jVI7q48zM8cYEdjbD0U9voadqV3BbW0NtfzfZleMmPRdNk2zN7tk5K+vT6VXbdbaVHDdQ3EFm/EOl6X+8kuPZgfu1mBvWfxtsY9bk06+jm3W6jzrq3TzLb0P7wcV1cep6fqVifJK3EMw/hG7d9a8+1hHi0KOHVYrrTtOf/V6XZgM95/sOWHB9az7jS761ure9WeTw1psOClnZHzJZB/tL6/SgDd8WfA+31HTpv7HaKweVt7W08Sz2kvqzRsDhvdSDXJaDPqnwTklWfwjqUsMuSt7pga4ikbtwnzxqe4eussfinNp1oh1qzkijuGxDJGxklZc4DMn8HvXbWcsFxawSQPHcLKNyNw2KVkByfw48Ky6vdR+JtcUnU51JsrYj5LKM9VH/ANeu5gba/Tbk5NMkfJ3Mx4OCpHenfa1eYLsBbPOOcUuUB15eC0RAufnbGccVx3xF+KEem6zp+gaZ82v3zE7CpKQrx8zcgjOR6VW8T+Lp/Fl6+k6NK0aq5S5nX/l19dp/vcHj61k+CLO00PxZqcqq81vblLfzSvzNLs3Mfz3A/SlysC9/Ydrf+PrKG3j3SWeLnUJSP9bON20/gRn8BWoD/a/xCWQj9xo6MCOyGQnn8Sp/Ks/wBri3WhatrY2p9plldC52/wCr4P8A9ao9A1+PQ/Bd5rVwzS/2i4nkDj5g25ikWPQ5Kj61YGtp7vrPi+8vn+7YqY4mP9053/lgfrVbwhq62nhrVNeu4UWO78yfBPSHkIn5j9agjhm8MfDG3iuppTqWo5s3bHO+UkZ/M5qHxxFJbX2j6fFGHsdRmWO6tWOFhRCcn/dYbQTQVzF/wjZ3HhTwJealfybtSvGe8mYn5hIQdij1wCo/E1ImkzaV8NUt42MWpaodyMP+WTyY3lfoCfyqTxjCNc8RaRYwNmK1n+03G3kSAjbz7cY/CrNxqA1Hx5bWYB8jSFNwQB8uCpFZlEfi+BriDS/DttLlXKG65wXiUYZvqTj/AL6puuBte8VWOk5YRKBcTqBxGyrhE+nQj/dqXwrYnVPEl9q8ipiB/IgOeseQTn6ED8qd4OEd5Nq2tyzN5WoSbw56JAnEbfXBNIiW4s6Nq/xPgkDbLbTrRmnXPBmJwv44DfpTvCwl1W/1LXLzyvJZTFFtbJIXv+VZdrbS6P4QvtSlkLz6tIAq55Ds2Ex9Vwak8S58I+AbOwt03T3Y8tMfw5XBH5ZFLlK1LPgVha6bqGu3ePMk3o2ehjXJXn37fUVkW+pN4c+Ht3fTb8as+2MY+Yo+SBj6Va8ep5mhaN4dtWKSag8Mcqr/AARphufoVUfjWnqlpbX/AIk0nTyzvHZeZNLHt+WI4AT8skCmQY/iqBvCXgCy0dGCXszLYZzgJuOS4P0BH41U+ITQ3fg608N2+2O0v1EbvnAjhJG4H0HQ/hVfWblviF8TpGikEmkaGrQX8kp2rHJ16+1fH37Vn7c1x4i+Mt94B+Fukap4o1GwSO1n+xQFxMzbhKCw4AGFwe+W9KuNuoSnGHxHSftffEP/AIWGt94Z8HxhPA/gzT59Z1swH5Z5FQiGPjqCBLn6V8pfDXSPhj8Kvhx8PPiF8WvBi+No/iZqUcNk0t9ANL8PWv2grGotN6GVAnMh25GeTX0d8Jfid/wztDL4a+KHw18UeB9F8Zf6Ld6pceVdW8yFWXY7R/6v77fe/vV5X8Vf2S/2h/2dPB0MPw2t/C3jb4XyR3P9m2d5Z2U+peH4LosXjs5bn5EyCuD1rycdTlKXun1mRYyjVw8qNF8tTz00Mf46+HLH9k348+M/Gnwrm07w/pHhDTtH8Q6NbaQ3+h69od0xtLoNlm27ZSu1Qefl9a/RL4X/ABHs9d8NW/jJZCY9YtYntbTb/wAfDbBuY9/vZH0Ar4cvP2M/Gnxj8L+FbTxf4T8OfDbwZ4H02LSobVb+LU/EXiSJZonSF3iBRIjcRI+BkLuf0r75+B3w1GieBtDfUdOtYrnT7SOGKzRNkVou0cL6n1Pc1tgYOK1Jz6dP2cKb1mt2Vfhx8P5PGWu6tq+uPme6uFlj00n92oUAA+vAArL/AGpf2p4fgtp7aHockVx4omjA6B00pCMh3HQyEHKoeOjNxtV8/wDar/aGsfg8W07Q5ll8YXCgtImCumxkZDP2MhGCqHsdzcbQ/m/7HHwAi+K/iubxT4vhvbzTlkaa3Fyu+PVp9xLvIzHLqrdQRh2JBJCup/LeMOM8Xi8euFuGnfEzup1OlKK+LVfaS3f2XZK82kvtOEODcLhMC+KOI1bDRs4U/tVZPbR/ZfRfaV27QTb1v2R/2ZL7xPrtr498VNd7TOL/AE+KV286+l3bxcysfm27vmXPLn5j8uN/1pnNO+2LJH39V4qNCzN8wOK+14S4TwfD+AWDwurbvOb+Kcurf6Lou7u38XxVxXjM/wAc8ZitEtIRW0I9Ev1fV9lZKRH204uJRSEK4pgQq3tX0sj5kjZf9IwOlT+VsNMKZk4qTPNSAjxmSpEhKJx1qSIimyzNGcigBbn/AI9Rj79NWYxIM0yPMr5NSSybB/gKzAmhJb5v509WO45x+BqmCWP33b2I6VOVfZ8qj35oAfcFfszn0FNUxvGG7YxUEwZoGX+I1Fp1u6WgV+oYn8KALB25o8yhk2tilEWaAFByKejtn2qPydoprZc4DlKAJfM3vtbpSg5O3+GotnGCd3vUq4KYoAWkKbgd5K8cUtQXcu4UANeOWe3+Ypww289q6/w2c6ND0/i6f7xrhJZDvGfWu58LBRoMGz7vzY/76NcmM+D5l09zkdWTfqt1/wBdn/8AQjUCrtqXVv3eq3P/AF2f/wBCNQo++vTp35EZaDmOBTGbdT2GRUbfLWhQUUKciigBUfcaVsUBNgzTYT5rGgBVJpBgnmnEbDRlaAJEhJXimyLtHNN85l6Ub9x+ao1AbjmvA/8Agoi5PwV0sdv7bi4/7YXFe/7BXlX7acYH7NviXafm2WxPsPtkA/nXyHiBh1X4ax0G7WpTf/gKcrfO1j67gLEex4jwU7X/AHsF/wCBNRv8r3D9i6Y/8MyeG12/Kv2oE+n+lTV6gbZYWYggtjPFfKf7G3iO18O/B/Wbq78T6botvZ6jJPPFPy8aeTF+9IHO07SB6lW9DXvvhn4pLql0NOuJFvJXiWaOSBD++jYfKQBzyKnw+xSxHDeBqR6UoR7/AArl/TbpsPj/AArw/EmNpvrUlLa3xPm/XfruT+DfI1rXtcZTHKjSC3Kt90YjRiP/AB7P41S8RfDUsHk0S6j0LUB/y0Fut0gHfCScD6jBrB0HSPGGg6pqwsLSxls7yczxtOzoynaiYwo6/J3NbkMfiW4ufMv7TzV8so1vbXkix5x1AZSPzNfaHyPw6o8Y/akuPEfwr/Z38aa3YCx1nxNDpN0LPUftRjlSZomVSiMxOcnPy8cGvjL4YeNrXwX8Hfg34f8AhRLFd+NPiDo+vjXpvK/f6jq8emTN5U8hwwaO62+Wd2d2Miv0fspJfD988o8F3UrMpWSVp4d7Keo5OGB+h+tfOHxO/wCCevgnx/8AEeXxH4b0X4lfDDW7x2nnvfDGqNYRO7EF38pX2s7YwWwpIyK83GYaUpXR9Pk+Z0YYf2Um4vuj4V+A/wARrrVPjz8C9LtfB0nhD4o+Hxb2Hie5unle21O3aH96l4GVJDMsql8qSpaTrivpn9oj9j/w18N49L8c+DdDst/h68V7ktYJHpk0eR5oCOS5cOFYYHIB5r034XfsheGP2WfEOp+J7PTvEnjHXL9cT3mu288moy4OcBxxx2wT9a7nxD8bvCjWK3niSf7TdbSItHaxktYoyB/GCfn/AK1jRy2nUSnWV2tjqzHiTEUKcY4KrJJK0td79z5y8f8A7ePw0+GjW181xqHi/V5p98kMFgttaO4BAXyiR0HG7bzXEeKP2ntT+OekeJfH2gxae2t6HpbzixuLtY3tFXAaY24U72VCvzL08pa7H4B6vpfwd+AWu/GvUNK0271JPFU2na1dXUaTjw/polMSyRRj5Qyuyk7s8A1yvxJ8AT+Efg58XpfHd5PrnxU+Hvi0XOk+ILi3Wyi1q0umiktoowmEaBoyyshySVr1Jczsl0Pga2KqTUpLZnXnxr4J/ZO+BGkTaL4e8NeJvEfxC8Gax4ntvFmu24uludQs4/PEEkW1gBiU5yf4TXxt4Q+IOu618S7afWIpLbxdeXem6ja6da2Vnax6tBcMUuUeO1lePyAuw5IDYRuK+1vHH/BPDTPEkvhfXtG8aX2i6jDuv7LQLi3XWLOLzrYQ3EKxNysbd0OF9a2v2cP+CXXw6/Zy8UQeJtcuBqXiXUk22unwadHbOWPCjyo2ZAmevOBk8Vn7OSd2TTclFXR7N8BfiBc/FbwJZMzT6tcaQxs57dFxZxzRERyOG44J3HA7A8V0/hHXz4ovri08g3dpbMfMsLD5rFDnkuWw31wK8d/Zw0CD4PfEfXPBV/af2faXgeWy0XTsiZ9jBGcumVBkV4Tkkcq/rXsGgWtnY3VxaajEYbcn5dPjIWeUZ4DN0auuNSKVmdkYzsX/ABXrKXNhfWymHUrSC2Zv7NslzbW5APLyk4P0AyMc1k+HLaHxVoGl2TXEmoQ20YdbfTpCtruDDAaXB9c47gGtvxzOdL8CXFvfLHp9rOAlvp0B2XVzlgAr7PmK/UVmtY20WhaZY6qYNPht4ttvpdoxWaQehfq34073DlItd0pdY12e0jDTnGyex0SMxxoODiaUkEngf4Vg3nh680yb7Da6r59uW3DQ7VjI4x/z0lO1hj1B/Cus1q1ij0KOC5P/AAj1gSPJs7eFmun9iVOT9SazNTs1s7EK7Npdntykci4u7xuyhiMjPPp0quVpXDlM/XtR1GCyhhiYomdsmn6C+Jj/ANdJHAYfmaj1jxYdLu7bT4ZZLRZACNPsn8y+lYjkFiE2n3VgferfiUtY+HoHvJ00XT5jt8tkLXNx7Ky5OaxL21g1OzD2zRaNp6jm8vWzcz+oUYDJ9a2hOyFa5tavqEmm6G2mWBk0+S75jtkk82+lc9dzEBQOufvHOOa6Dw/aL4Z0S205ZpPDk0y5mwd+o35/2uNnPSvNNAuJdOvp59Kkuf7HhXa9xqURjuZ2b73ls2F47YGee9dv4X1OytrRF0xYtIedd8t3qsiSTTL3YZI5/wB0CspO7KcGjrsx+EbI+S0OjNMpy1wpe8k/3VBC5/Gnaew0rQmuIJ5LGe8i2m6u/n1C4fP/ACzRAVz7GotBsyI1m0W2e5LoWfW75iUjHdo4myCPcZxTtLknVZJ7C8ttRmT/AI+dcu0/cn2XdgAe4/OoIIbOGPwrpL3Dx/2bdPlje6ggN5Jn+6oBA/MGpbHUW0bRri+kcRTzL8l/rAeR190VCSfYZFLHM7oZtMsPtNxGd0up38hazg/2lB+U/Qmo0SHWPMurNI9bvY+ZLpnZLO2PqAfkb6ZxQXqS2zHS/D0uoSzSAz8HVLt2aRiegiTnaPQGsG38OG20qTVYprzR7pnD/wBsXkrwtMO4Ea/ez/tEVsrI1xdeZZxW+oaupAe+MZNpbL/dVPun3IzVDUtStfD891qW86zfIdsrhsWULEfd2t8oPoOtVoTys0fDfxN1oWT3E1sNX0mBSz3zYtRx3/eNhj9DWRrfxXT4h+H7iWCebSLIjCrcoUuNRG4L+7BGCCWGD0OeteX+OF1T4m3FrFcynULu6ukXT9NtIXhtlIKsfMZSFyFzx712+seH7XxL4h0XSXsItautNT7RdWttIUhtFChdrnqRvaM/8ANGg+U797GP4V/Dy24t4byS4Eskef8Aj8nfI2H3yWqa0H/CJfDa3gUy3Ooao0h80AfNOzFifyPP0ryPxfqerQfEnSdKsLo67qMa/a7m2giLR2bAeWgJ/ANyBwTzXaXHxS874padpeox/YZdJjW7kVvu5OBjA4ycn8qWhRofEC3e0XS/DdnE4N0okYL3iH38/mas3arq+uwaTGpOnxzrcXPm/ePlljDgDj/WDd9BVzwYkPiXxDquvpMJmjxFaPn5ViUvv4/HH/AaXwRHbSQa7rMx2rJNItupPUKMK30OTj8aQpbGhNqreIvGdrbbN9rpS+fKT0M/zKoHuAd34U3w/qUfibVb7VZIXkhV2sIc/wASKSXP4uAR7VS8K+ZpPw/vtVl5n1A709VPar+p6dH4f8DwaXEds2pssO5TyszLvx9cc0EFL4c3s9vbXetTxyLZ3JYQtJ96OAHaM/Vw7fRhVjwpqs0HhDUdelj+bUg08KL/AAROdiIPxH61Z8fae7+EdO0C2hcLqgFpcSKceUmPm+nGce5qpdSzafrOh+GWxs3s+AOlvHymfowAPuazKTNPV3bwR4HgsUXN5efuif4S0gLNnv3OfoaoeMpE0XQNN8J2rszago3SL08kAs6n6sAPxrTe9k1/4jW4zGbPToWSUMuR5uQc/wDfO4fjRoEceteOb7UmjJ+xyfZ7eNkI8wNj7pIwefSlbuPRjdTjEuq6NpKI5SHF8znt5Y2BB+Y/KmR6h/wlXjOSQeYllpOwR/3ZpHYKce645/3qq6FrzXA1rXDIv2RpGW1JHUA7WAPswI/Cj7b/AMIP8PLiS5KpKyfa9x/5Zl8FVPqd2B9TV7C1L2jzRal4y1PVpl8mGxLWSSP3ZSNxHsSAPwrij8T47vw74h8XSST6Xp1vF5jTsQPOiiLjI+pxim/FzxhZfDH4HnVtavBa2MzCOQnKlJZlYEFuhKt1x6V8d/E3X9U/4KQ/EPw/8NPAOqTaJ4T07GoapqEe6LzoEIVkUcEkuDg4IyDU88XojN2j7zZ32r/Efxp+0H8NLyx8JRN4V0nVLl7nUtUkkH7+SRjlBjJ6L+orn/8AgnRF4f8A2Ivi/wCLvDvxAntdN1jxXcRXmi61dER2d/bfOBGsj4AkDFsqe7jGa73xN/wS21XRvByWvhP4s+MLe73xyG3v7j7TY3UqspXfEB8vIHI4AzWz+zx4otP259Lk0z4heFdClufBk9xo3iC0ktYriFr1SFDxMwJVcAEAH1qdGcteo5NJ79De/wCCgvx58Bt8CdZ8I3D2viTXPF9jLpul6LbItzNdTyYEcgQHAEZG4nBPtUvgOHXPBXwj+H3giSK51LWrW0tpNQdAP3QRVKiQdupHHoas/Dv9nLwT8M/iHqdn8PfCWm6bqNrbrDJfR2ik2rlid6sQQHx3HOK9s8K+BbbwhbbUZ7i9lG6a4kO53Y9efrRyrY0o05+0dSWnoZXhXwG+n6o95qCi8upGzFu/1Nmh5CJ34JPUdzXKftCftT6L8FrO60+CSLVPFCIvkWY3eXAXBIeZhwABzsB3tuXoG3jN/ar/AGpLf4N2Umi6LJHceKrlMseHj0tGGQ7joZCDlUPYhm42q/lf7Of7HV78WRD4s8YXN1Dpt5P9pW2k3G61ZTljI7k7kR2IO7lnBYjblXP5NxZxpjq2O/1d4ViqmJ155/ZpLZ3e3Mr63vZ+7aUnZfsPCvBuCo4NcQ8VTdPDackPtVXvZLflflZta3jFXdT9nn9nvVv2lfF0/jDxhPdS6NJOZJZHOyXVpBx5aYxtiXG0suAANiYIJT7Fi0SG306K1s4xZW9vEIYo4FCJEqjAVQOAAMAAdKk07T7fS7KG1toYre3t0WKKKJAiRoowFUDgAAAADpU4uCnB6V9PwbwbheH8M4QfPWnrUqP4py3eru7Xbsr+bu22/mOMeMsVn+KU6i5KMNKdNfDCPTayvZK7t5KySSwtS8T/APCutDa61D9/YwL88o6xj/aqhF8U7vULX7RYeG9curRxuEihMEeo56UfGWBZ/B3mSRtNZwMWugvRl964Xxv4Y8XeIfEdhq3hTU4ptKhgjEVvACBbsByZB0Ir7A+NPUfDXiy116Nox50F9EN8ttLjzI1PQnHGK0luS0Vcjocn9oeNlktwtxIbeNLuaIYVnA+Yfga7E22QAKDQbHdbRTjcF/8Alm/1pn2fa9PKsn8VKWwtSWKYIOaJZPMPFLCFbrT3UHpUBqMjfy+xb6Uvzsfl/I0+OOlmheMZFZjIzEx6ybf92nRLj+NyfehXC/e605jJMOgx7CgCK9mNtaPJuUlRkAVFoeqPq2nLIysrbyvzVNdWu+3cblJxwMUaVA8enqrrt2sTwKAJvKI6daVXx160R3IzTym/mgBB8wqF4eaeeDTmbIoAhXjufpTkQ5pFHzVMh+WgBsj/AC1XByeaszx8cVDFIisQ1AGfcHy5Pn6HpXc+Dk8vw7bj/e/9CNcdfwCSIt6MMV2XhE58PW//AAL/ANCNcuM+BepdPc5HVm36vdD/AKbP/wChGolTbT9XT/ib3X/XZ/8A0I1D5TH+KvRo/AjHqKZcNikJyaFYHK9/WlEZXup981qWJQBuoprjn5WH4GgAZy3FEKtG1LFKIzzRJLv6UASLnvSk4FQhyKcs3rQA5lpAMdaUODQTvNBmNaUMcVgfFzw5ceM/hhr2j2/libUtOmt4WckKJGHy7iASF9gD1rf+zbjUFzfrbt5JDA+oGa58Rh4V6UqM9pJp+jVjpw9eVGrGtDeLTXqndHw9+yBbeG/EHiPXtD8UTJa6ZqWn7jI7kBijqPLx3LByc542H14+r/AOkQX3iF7i00+Wz0zTIktrOSTBNztUEOD/AHcMFx6oa+XtaW1/Zu/bIkmuoP8AiQSXhm2m2MEH2W5U8qihg6QsxwFGC0GAFPA+2baBYIVUKiKvRVPA/CvyvwdrSpZXWyWu/wB7hKs4NaaJybT06OXNZ3ez6WP1Pxew8auaUc5oL91iqcJp92kk16pct1ZbrrcTYscXBbzMluvFEcRmHL7Md/Wnui5z3pUFfrh+T3voRyWwWVWL5TaR1pIfLnmXPIQYFSMd3B6elIioh6FfTip1YuSKKN7Y5lObZGQnguoNUdb8F6f4ns5INQtNPmidNoEkIZ1/3Selbxcv1PHao5IgZBTW1iHd6PY+Kv2hP+CeMmm3epXngLVG0m18WyNHrmjXcIn0vUU3b8NFnAJbkkAH3rmNU/Zy8VfFXxbpV58cvF0d3Y+GX/0PRxZ/ZNMkx90bmDmXb/CCfpX3L4t1HT7PRXlvp1hiXIVj/CfwBP5CuPj+I0EtnbyaloeqLbFdjXL2J2c9OTzgjuBWsbGfsYtpLY860v4LeDm0KGbS/DulaLp3lZbUb2BjPcHsV+Ybf++RUEHwd0p7MT6PZT6dGv7yfVLm5dzLjvGvQDH0r1lfhvpGryw6hp0rINuYkWXzYP8Avk8VgeNPC+sW17DcXkCakkTgRtv/AHdqM9ViHy8darobcvQ+Y/2k/gZ4ksPiHo/iLwFp2rWVkrAahql/MXbbjkxhsM3OOMjtXK2Xin4reHo7y7tLbVbKKMEjVLiKWEy8/wAJ8qRB/wACJFfYkl/beItTWW0+06ncWQy894iQwQdsiPIH/jtZNjo39peNL3zoLe/laJSJrh3is0+ifKprD2d3oaKp0PlTQfj94nj0a4bWtH8S2a9by9vWgeeVM8tbJIkW9u/CnjpXq3wz/a78LT21n/ZyXejw20JR9Z8T2UgLL3bbwin05Ir2zUNLsNdunhh+zX0lrGMzTxJ9htOxKjIDdx1PvXnmufADwd461CWF9G03xJNEf3k10v2S1hb1j5VWA/2WNXySWwbmh4U+IOi+MNRuL/wvfWOvPOCH16dhJEARz5aDKqv0NPgeNbkppROs3qZW6vriNhawn1iB+8fQjivNPEP7HXhPxBeyW9muoy31s+VmkmYWdrj/AJ5hs8e4cVi658PvHWgSfYfD/i7/AITK3sP9fpV/D5luuP4fMcnp1wrrnFEpTSu1cfIn9qx2virx3N4c8PSS6TZ3/ivVLi5Fql5eoWt7aVmwqj+Ac8DJrnPEeg2Wg+HnTWrqTxNd34Es99q2ofZ7C2bB/ch1OwhNxGA2eBXDeLvjjfaroE2keLtJnmuY8GCTT0b7NbSIdyboMF5AGAGFY960/AvxkX4maHPpV8y6+dIVZLbTtBiAhmOAB5pY7kIy4KyAL07isFWu7GqpOKKGmfFP/hQ7mygu7v4panLby32m2mnSeethtI3RIQMYwRyT0Fe1fCnWIfjT4a0/XtV8P39/4guwSmnXG5I7EcfMxC4bGe5PQ1h+C/DGp3fiK0bXdOsLFrWBlsND0uTaqpJy73Um0rnpgdsmvR9N0q30myFlhvmI8vT9LZVVB/tTZ6fTbXRHYyk+hKLa4sL2S31OSLxTFCCU06wBh+yt23cgHFXrG+M09sblGvr4pmHTLIALbjP/AC2CjGf94irwMNhZR2dxPFZu4O2ws2Se4u+mCz5LDHPIOOayb/RotBjLTRSaS8y4W1sCLiW4PpNJyyfUGi6M2rlzW7Z726iXU5b2+vM5t9JspPKiQ+6jgn15o1KP7VZRx66xsyhxDpdkpjuH+u371UNA1ubwVNFbaiItHtZnLR2unxG9uLjP+1hnVj35FUfF/jt/h3AFQWyz3Ls9vCGN3eMTz86kFo/xwKYcqLnjbxZpvhfS4Y/EM1tYRzsqWmk2sp8+Y9F3P3z3B9cVwV3pd94v+Ktq+u3w0/QNNh2x+HbH9yfNwCDL13NnJGT0NXPCM0cPh298X65Mls537ZF+a8jVWAXapGM72bqRjArW8A6XqHhXwPeaxrJgsrzV3eeW5uZvtl5O25vL+U7sfLtHHHFAxoA8UeNIptRC6JYaMrCO0VglzMHb7ykc9WAz2yKsKI7GbUNavJm03TEk+zWtgoP224gQYwXXlizYNVPDdnf+GPAt7rUEQtJLxpQbu+jaa4uJ5mzmNCSioB/DjPy8Cl1d20ewstLha1t4dYn8ue9ud8l1IGXcZViKkpls8YAGV9aAH+B4P7F8N3ur3GoTeH9I1AEtKQrXM0R5XLEe44OKX4d6jc+GvhheasZJtAgud0kupXxEl1NGeQgQ4IxnqePSqXjaxSeXQ9PgC2NreOUudR1QvKRDGwU+XG/ygk4A5Xg10HiS/h8S6lp2n2jT3NtCUlmvtQwiusTLhFjJwQ249ug60Ac/Pcav8PPhVbPpOqSeHIJ4xGy6ihZbtpRktsI3AgsR25FbWt/Fe20PwdpmlajZzWH2mJIU1B2xDJAgwxx64brUUnheTx58V/7Rs2zpWhweVc6jqcciW/nYy3lxEBWA4wcYpuiJL49+JGo6pBDBeaVp7rbw315sS3QsMOqpnawBAGQDRuB6Dqmr2vigado1jcRSxPMsjtEwKpFEVGcjg7hk/nV2yuF8cfEVLcN/o2i26l1zy1zJhk59RGjCvMfCJGta7rmu6c081zZ+YI7udPItoUUEMVAwrrwTmrHgPx3q3hnwJdajL5GqfboG1CS+ytsu987VAyc7TkAKc4ahx6C5Ueo6RbjxB8Rb/UMTSWlqq20MYbjzVUMx/wDHv0qrDJDqPibW/EEbbzpsbx28pPyExDcT/u56/Q1j+HPG1hp/wriW1v0j1PUiVVpDtZpm/jCsAe4xxg4FafjDULfwJ4EtLSQzSx3zBroxQCRgApkcqO5KowA9SPWs3puLlbehJ4O1JdM+Gc+rXk8Imuo5JZsMDvkO44Ujimz+JofD3g+5so7yCbVniRWijcGSF5flUnB4wd3/AHwa8t8YXnij4i6xHptlbtoWhvai/uEikkee/gLfIGdjmPkpuAHHIzWbpXg+Txf4/sR4Ls5oV8Nyr5l3NIc6hIxkD7w2d/yyfLzwW9hQmrXNeRpHrnjZLfwN8PtL0cRSySTTQwlEyWYZ3u3HQEqeT6153+0l8StL+FWr6VeeKr5Y/sYN3bWvmhFmhXG1XycHbuTr3NcX4p/bPk1v4o/2T4f0+U+M7WNoDBexYt9PmILSFicrgJGpGe7Gvl79vH4Najqfi/4Ynxh4lmm0zxv4hktNbvGkZ9Otm8o/Z0lCMB5JlCbgTj5R61z16zhHniejlOBjiMRGNTby16GT8Vv26PCv7WPx+tU8a+LLXw78PtHkAsEs99xbi4DNkzOp28k45OASK+j08V6X8MPiLoXxP+C+iw+PPBemacdH1i30eYO8wfMpnQRbifLIbK+1fK/xb/aZ07WfgN4m+HGk/FDwPJa6P4ssdLt7CysVtBcaaJfIu/Pks2RhEk5Rkcncwi5Y5NdN/wAEmtJ0/wCBXxo+JngnwR44l8YeDo9K02We/dZYbOK9ZyJhAJGYswRXHX5uCetefhqzc73uevmOU4StSqKlFxlHa9n9/Z9j658R/wDBUbRNb8Myf8If4J8fazr7Lm0iOiz29vG46SSSOnAVuvbFT/sMeBtZ8JfDzVZD5R8U+OdUl17XLhQGgtHlYYjBB5OEbnivbNO8PJ8QtHFnY/aLDw3EvlLMgEN3McsGTkHCHA6etdZoOg6P8OPCvkRrDp2n2ETOzM42wxqMlnkbsBuJLcDNerzxjHmZ8RRwbUrPVkfhDwpB4Pt5YYTg3DtNNKTl5XY5Jz6egrw39qv9sU+ALyTw34PuIn1iBwL7UNiypZEHmFAwKtJ2YkEIMry2dnOftC/tp33izVYPD/w5nu/JucRSX0NuwuLx5BtEUCsu9cbvvABy+NuAMv0/7KP7GEnga+j8ReL7eJtagkzY2G9ZUsiDxM5UlWk7qASEGG5bGz8YzzjDHcRYp5Fwm2le1XEL4IL+5JbyeqTTTdvd09+P7hkPCOD4fwqzzitK7V6WHfxTfecXtFaNpppX97X3Jcz+y/8Asg33ivW28V+PrW62ee0sOn36t599LuJaW4DfNt3ZO1uXPJ+Th/q5zgYp3kmJsn/9dNkTEmM199wnwngeH8H9Vwau3rOb+Kb7t+XRbL1bb+F4s4pxufYv6zi3ZLSMF8MF2S/N7v0SSRTg14X8QvGPjTXv2ov+EN0PxV/wj1i2mrdhv7Mgu8MASeHAPP8AvcV7uIdycdRxjua+ePEniHT/AAn+3nHdarqFlptquhhTPdzrDGCVOBuYgZNebx1WcKeDg6kqcJ14Rk4zlBuLjO6couLS0XVbHZwLh41MRipezjUlGhVlFShGa5klZqMlJNp7aM17L4l+LPhb8WNL8E+N7yy8SaN4pYpp+rRWi2spkO1fLeNflwGwMDJ/eKdx+6H+MvHHw58HX+pafceKLjTW0+dYLu3QTh1dgSAoVDvGByVyBxkjIzgfE7xRY/H79pfwLpfhmePU7XwrcHUdRvrc77eJd8b7Q44PEYGRkFpFGcg4h+GXgHRPG/7X/wARv7X0uy1VLMK0KXcQljQttBO1sqT7kcdq+UwfEWa0639n5VUjVhPETp06lVymuWNJTkuZNSnyyUoqTbb2ctLr6yvw7luIoQx2a05UqkcO6lSFJRg2/aqEHytOMeeDu0kltJLo/WtX+J3gf9nywt/7T1eHT3vkBiR1eaaRTnDbEVmC8EbiAM8ZzWt4I+Mvhnx/4Zu9W0jV4b6xsVZ7l1R1eAKCTujYBxwCRleccZrxW11jT/A37cmvXfii5s9PguNJT+x7m9dYoYhsiUhGbhchZlzkZO4fxYrP+HskPiH45/F7WtDkV/DkmjzRNNB/x73FwY0JKkcMdyytuGc7ic4au3/XjGfWmkqbi6lamqdn7SHsoyanN81nF8uqUY2UlaT6+f8A6k4L6l7S9RS9jCt7RtezfPKK9mly35lzWvzu8k/dSPVtQ/a7+HOn2tncSeJrfy9QQyRBbadnwGK/MoQsnION4GRyMjmul8Z/F/wz4A8M2+savrNna6debTbzKxm+0g4IMYQMXGCDlQQAc9Oa+YvhF468F6X+xh4p0u9utNj1q4juBJayELcXMzf8e7KDy+07TlchcEnHJrY0fwZZ3PwV+GLap4utfBfizSYbnUtHn1BVaCSJpQyhi+EHBhIySQpPyt28/C+IOaVqHNT9jOUqNOquXRQc5qMoS5qiUppXcVzU7uLj5v1cf4fZXh8Q4T9tCEK0qbuuZzioSmpwUad0lZKT5ZpRanb7J9EfDr4oaD8V9JkvvD2pQ6jbwv5chVWjaNvRkcBhntkc9qo/ETw9418SajDD4e8S6d4X0+OIPJcf2cL27llyRs2uRGse0g5Hzbl9K4/9lH4qal8R5PE0GrW+jXF9o9zFbS61pceINXKqV3FsAMwCA5GBtdcKoAzH+1p+0O3wr0u38P6NPAnifXFCwySSrHHp8TNt85mYhQSQQpJAGCx4XB+lxfEeCq8OxzTG1Jcj/wCfblTlKV3FRilLmTb6KbX95xTb+Up8OYyjxH/ZWAppz0sp8tSMU4qTlJuCi0k73cFpvFS0MX9nz9prXrjSPHkHjB4NTm8DxyTNd28SwtcBDKGQgAL1T5SFBx1yax7v4sfFP/hS6/E9fEWmLY+esx8PjTIzCLfzfK/13+s64JGQcEncDxWj4J+FvhvSP2cfFPhnw34g0PxJ4q1TTZLq+axvkuJLiRVyFVVJbYCdoJHJbJwWxXJ3Xxf8P3f7BMWix6lZya9LGmnjTlkBuS4uQ2fL5bbsG7djB6dSBX5xicfmOHy+NHH4yXtKeFnUg41H71bnfLFyi17VwXJBp8yldtpt3P0angMBWx86+XYSMlLE0aclKkrKk4PnlGEk/ZxnJNqSSaSVmtUfUXg7xLD438H6VrMCmOHVbSK7RC24xh0DbSe5GcfhXFfFLQ/H17e6he6V400nwno2nweZCDpyXLTYTLtO8vyxqrA4KA/KSTyKyvDHwe8e2ngXw5aaZ4+PhmGy0m2t5bE6HBebJVQbzvkYN14x0GKi+K+jfCn4gapJY+NtY0t9f8P262c0txftYSoWjEm5E3KrZ3BuAwBOO2K/Rs4xuJxGXunXg6M1aznWVGM3yu/LKlKU7L4uWShfS+zt+d4LAYXDZnKeFqKrC8rqFF15QjzJJyhVjGm76R5lKVr3WtjD+Gv7T3iLUf2TNc8YajYw3mr6LKbaGUx7I7w/uwJWVccKXO4LgHaQNvbl5vjn488EeF/A/iZvGmm+LI/FF0In0FNOhidSw+ZVeP52ZGIU9NrlQQwJFZPww+KfiTwv+yh42ktFuNU0rT7lbHRZ7uDzVS3dispKsMMqqVOGBUFiCNoIrlb7Q9A+EGkeEfGHg3xTb6x40nuo2l05BDKpMiHeohVQ0Qydm1ufm+XaRX5TiuJsdOjhK6xFS0aNFzbk4STdW0pxgpJV3KKa5ZJpKzT5pNP9awfDWAjjsVSlhqdpV5RilDnTXslJU5NwboJOSbnGzTvFK0br7pkdLf73WhLrePlBx61HETdKjOuyTAJT720+malKsG5/liv6U5eh/ND0dhVXdSOrCnE7F7mmFycds81IhqsXfGD9amjGyohGHPzE49jUiQrH93P4mgCUjeOKhnt1K+9S76aFz3oArSQloFf/AJZgc/Wus8KDboMH/Av/AEI1zFzG00HlgJjOeWxXUeGF2aHCOP4uh/2jXJivg+ZdPc5DWONVuv8Ars//AKEarqcGp9X/AOQrdf8AXZ//AEI1Ci5r0qPwIx6jURQz7ud5zil8pV/5ZrT6K1KjsRMMrTMonRQD61I3tTDGxPMaD3B5oGKI/Op6w7Kj2kVIgJHWgBTEDTWXBqTGKGGRQLUj8mmodrU4qaaOHoILB+SLPX2qBNs8mfu1MvyxZPSo0+dtw4qFuXqfPf8AwUE+D9z4o8Kaf4k021+0TaF5kd6IoQZTbNhvMZs7isbKflAOBKzfKAxOr+xJ8Z7fx98NLfQrqaL+3PDqfZxGSA81quBFIFCgYUERnG4/IpY5cZ9q1K1h1WxmtrqGK4trhGililQOkqMMFWU8EEEgg9RXxf8AG74aah+yJ8YdN8UeF45f7JaQyWj3Efmw28jB1ktWOckGMnBO1irHBLIXr8Y4uw2I4ZzxcXYSLlQqJQxEVulolNLbSy+emim2v2ThPE4fiXI3wli5KNem3PDyezercG99bv5a7wSf2gkJLfM20VYj/djrury/4C/tS6B8dLLyT5Wka2rlDpk1wGeUYZg0TYXzBtUk4AK4ORjazenoqqPlGK/WMpzfBZphY4zAVFUpy2a/JrdNdU0muqPyzNMpxmWYmWDx9N06kd0/zTWjT6NNp9GKTuqH5y/zMSOwqamum+vSPPGkZFIIS5HzD86dFHT5EjQZ2DPY0uYtJHB+PbKGTxZokN5EkunPcnekpwhOO/tXOeA28e2nxC1mz8UxWs3hm6jlaC880GSGMDAjA9CK9J8Q6FaeKdPMF2pK5OWA5X6Vz918L7jU8RX3iDVfsuQREMAyAdAxU/1pjslsV/g9FbwaHqFtCjwWKzj7KQvAX0HtXXvpvmMMSFQfvjH3qks9Gh07Tre1gUJFbptCgcKaI4yzkMS5HVjRzMiW5y/i34W6X4rUpNCYyvKSRkjafXAPP41yOt/DfUdHe4Zje+ItNjiAFjuSPGPQsQK9bBE0HHykVR06/klu7iPYpVFyxz1quYjQ8lbVri5hA1LazABbbRbO38tePu72b5T74644qrq4h1Dyl1e6kubxuYtDtUDRxezAYKn2IFeu+IPDNnqsU/mwxpJNFsMyH50HtXnes/DbW/CuieV4cu1eMsGuRJGi3Ey98TH5gcepqk30J16GNr2nM9iovXurSIDjSbOXDIPSQrkj6Vxfxx8eaD8F/gze+IvGckOneGdOhEkek6WpW4v1LBVVu5YsQN3Ttnmuii8V2tpeyQxQf8Iu0XyzXF6R9quj/eDnKsP91q8o/bZ+Dc/xu/Zf8VaZ4VtlfWv3GpW17fy4jvHtp4rgKm4bdreVtwM9axxUqkY3idmXxhUxMIVNm9T51/aL+L/jnxl8IvtPinxV4L+FHg7xETbadoNtpEuu6vNGFEimaOENIpMZVyMrgHOa5b4cP4o8C3XhPQG1qx0zRPEsEt54V8S+FUdLXV5IwPMiEpHmQz4P3SjdGHatD9ni4+Ef7YPwS8aXnxj1+38AeP3129vLFo9YGm3unRG0htE2q3DK0cWzBHQmsL9jbU9e/aJ+FfwF+HnhvTf7P0z4K3s+qaprt27SWnmRtLHDFCwPz5SfLNzznivn4ubnpufcSSfNTnFKC2Z9JeDPjrqPwg8RWfhPx3Ff+DrPU0klt9Sjgd5L9gAX81vmXLZHIOTk5Va918MxR3/g37XY3f8AYehzyKyX8bqbq6X02ZPXpWTr3hiz8a+XbuXvrtVZZtTkJjSIZJPlhgDyDggZBCjNeR+KvD/iT9muLUPEPhKa+8SWVnJ508Zs2MapjLhYlAQ7QuQQDyxr6KmnGCcj4asoubVN3R9L6Zb/AGnSZotGuH0K1T/XahcoEuZz6oOW/lUGmWbJpM72Oo3dlC3F7rN6Y4ppW9ANx4+oFcl8E/jpovxv0i1vYvN1nVp4RKLC5ARbEkkYByOhUnnnpT/FPie+1DXF8N6bFFqeu37yPKZgX07TEQDcznOM+2M10Xi1ocqjJMzviV41vdL0y7Tw1ax3mq7Ao1O8dY1hz0cc5JPbCmsn7dd+AvCgu7MXGtajcRxi61i/WRJYJnZhti3gbkAAOcY5re1zwyttq+i2CY8R38lwst5CR/o7iMggMw+6gJ4z2Jq38QNQ1C48a6bo97LFrItQ0psbGNms4cqPLjZiMgdienSpirs2ujN8SeH7XUNIs/Dti01wNUwZ9VvJlJV8lpVU5yVBHHFV9O1M+J7XR9CtvPudbtFea41XUnKxxqJCRtPQDbgYHXFaenaKg8VXk15B9sgt2WG00y0+e1tMqpbLHBHLAnPvVfwxe6dq1/qOpaleRXFrOv2eHQ7RxJs8qQ7HPpnaCcnPzHitLJEc1y1dovjP4iWMUD33iDUdMUTfbLqZre1sj8wxET8wGA3y4Oc1atNGk8b/ABb1u+RbrVL7T7cWq6hPgWVrNJtLGM43Hbuj5wf9X0pPCunm2sdU1TU7y4trW73zW2m2y71QLlcMOoGR+tSX10NP+FKTTGW2lkT7bp+mWjtnzJOfnCkMCQeQaxAZoVj/AG58QNT1bURNr2rWr/Zbd5JC1hbIPvNHxtJ3ADnOQAcVa0Ly/EOr3uuX00utXEri1t7FW22UCKpy7ZIVeeMhuR2FReKoL34b/C2z0q6LaTFcKsSWOnyk3MkmBk/3gWxn3p3ijTIdC+G9np9s0ei6ZfounYiYtd3iOhVpGXGd4Vc845egChHdw6V4Sl1ec6prmq34aaKxtJd1pZkjGGLDYfujoe1PvFuPD3gEWurXh1LWNWK21tpMDZsYpJiAxYrgDazMQSO1T6/ZxiTSfD32ZdH8P+S9/LbWrnz5fJwY8oDuJYZyKXV4LbU/GFqi27eFrK0T7VOzYSe5LsPLARjklfTg8009ReZV1S3ubHw1pvh2/wDtFxcTTx2FrpFhKPs6I+cyGT+6tbvje2TXPHekaLqEj6iluDd/2faBGtIYflUb2XHHzAZxzg+lM077LqvjBtRsZW0ux8PwPZM2MXFwWH39h5yP6VN8N4orObUvEcPkaHpLsIUnnYo8tpCGUK4OSFLEsfoPWlK6d0LW3NJ2X5nM+MtIvPiT8d9E8IXd5BAbC2F8sNhEUXTn+bafM5YkBd3L9QvAzXrVrqDat441CCRydP0a0WIhGz/pDKrkg/7IUgH/AGq88+ASw6d4c8SePRJbyPrN7Ji6v3EKxWcbKsZVj3ZY8kf7deK/HL/gp58Pf2cPB2qWfhvUB4z8b36ufJt2SSyglYAESS8KwX0VieBkV5OYZ5g8DB1cTJJH0fD/AApmmdVVTy2jKbbtpsvO+x6n4Y0+z+Geo6ufEH9oW/hzWLpriwufOaQJEA0hiZiRgFl3emQPWvmb42/8FL7PwDpmpaT4Gu76XxBdyy3coyi2+niNTtjiIJ3k/e4PVRXxd8a/2tPH/wAfWiTxD4lnawVSI9Nhn8m3j5yAqqR/Wuw/Zf8A+Cf3xL/aLv8ATL/SrD+y9LmBvLW+vchLgx5f90FJZiSm3OMfNzX5rLxArY/Fqll9N8t9z99qeBuCyXKKmN4ixkY1HF8sE0rStonffXsj7I/Zj/4Jb/ErxdpreNfFHxT1/wAK634nT7Wi6RGryRK6/wDLXf8AxYOOOx6VtXPh/XpfG0H7PXxtsdH8T6V4xgll0XWY4SgvI4nxJvCjekwOw5UDPJzxXo/wL/4KSaT8N/Cdr4Z+Len654L8ZaPHHZ3QmsZpY9RkVABJE0aNkEAfnWd8OPFl3+2X+05pHxOudHufDfgj4cx3Vvor3A2S6ncTBQ8gRgG+Veny/wARr9RpxlNJVOx/LPt3hq7lSndqWjW1jztv+CQGi/CvWT4b8GfFb4jeF/Ct7DJLqGlxzwFVgUEFIpwnmjc8yEBs8KfSvef2Xv2H/AHwl02DTvDXh6Oy8PWkxuZJJi73GrXRwDLM7uWJXGR8qjk16j4b+G0/ij4i33iLUZ3Gny4hsrQ/dljX7rMOoJ5/Ksf9oH9qPQfgXYXWnWLQ6j4mWNfJscMUgLglXmYcAADOwHedy9A28eZmmYZbk+HljsbNQhHq+r3slu27aJas+uy55vntWOBwkXOct1HTTRXk9klfVvRHoHjfx7onwp0BtS12+i02wRlhR2DMWZuiqqgsx6nABIAJ6AkfIvxb/aB8XftX603hnw3pd0ujNOJI7S3Qme4QMiq90+SqoHIbsilhuLFVaqnhTwN47/bZ8X3OpX2oeTpdrP8APPOX+x2W7Zuit4+cuECkqCM7VLuCwJ+uvhX8GfD/AME9FkstBs/J8/Ybmd3Mk90yrtDOx/E7VwoLNhRk1+SzxGdcdN06F8Lluzl/y8qrVO265dLNbau7n8K/SoYfJeBUp17YrMt1H/l3SejV+vNrdPfRWUPifGfs4/sk6T8EJYNVupP7T8SNBse4P+otGOdwgGARkEKXb5iAcbAzLXrjyMzHqfwpyHfxTTvjfhiK/XslyXA5ThY4LL6ahCPRdX3b3bfVvU/I85zrG5ripY3H1HOb6vouyWyS6JaHC/F/4q6p8PbnS003SRqj3MxWVXBwi4zniuZ8P/tRx3vwQl8bappN7brFeyWsltbwNJKNjlchepHFetzWyyyrJIT8pyeM5FNg8OWcFt5MVvFbQ7y6xoMqSeSfrmvS3POv3PA7L9vmz13U7aDSfCPi2+mu0MkMjRIkaIOvmE8Rn/Zcqx7Ct3w3440P42azqUmu/Dq3XUrC3Z/tOo6VE4nCLlVR23Fl9hXs0Wn2MKtstY1ZjlisSgufUkDmpPsYlIO1Sqj7pGKyxGFo148uIgpLs0mvxNqOIqUJ89GTi+6bT/A+bfD37TEmlr/Yug+A49MErpLtgsfIgVHQF2woA3bwQD6CvbvAmh2yaVHrUmjaZpuuahCh1F7eBFkkfaMhpAMuAc9TXQTwwywMqqqMeMBRgD0pEU7MEYAGMU44eklFKK93bRaaW07aaadCJ4ms3KTk7y31evr3+ZT8ReEtH8a2kcer6VpurRwt5kcd5bJOqN0yAwOD71VvvB1mvgS+0XSrGx02Ga1mggigiEMETOrc7VGANzZOB3NavlGQ5HAFTx1z1sBh6nO5QV5pxbSV2mrWvuaQxleMYwUnyxd0ru1+9tjy34E/s5WngP4aabpfibTfD2tapps0skVx9nFwIgz7hsaRAwPQ8AcivQfEXg3SfG1rHDq+l6dqkMTb0jvLZJ1RsYyAwIBwSM+9aTn56CT2rDA5Lg8Jg44KlTXJGMY2aTuopJc2mrSS1Z2ZjnmNxuLlja1R87k5aNpJyd3yrpd9ijo/hux8MabHZ6dZ2tjZw58uC2iWKNMkk4VQAMkk8dzVPXPhb4b8Y3i3Wq+H9F1O6VBGJruxincKCSF3MpOMknHua3Yo94yak+4tdFbCUKkFSqQTirWTSaVttNtDhp4yvCo60JtSe7Td9d9d9TnvD/wr8P8Ag2/a60nQ9F0u4dDG0tpYxQOVJBKkqoOMgcewqzZfDDw5b+ITrEeg6JHqxdpTerYxLcF2yGbzNu7JycnOTmtSSQk1JDNgVnHAYWKjGNONou60Wj7rTR+aNJZhipSc3UleSs3zO7XZ66ryJJEC1heKPh54f8Z3Ec2saFo+rTQrsje8so52Rc5wCwJAz2FbEmXNSROEHNa1sPSrR5K0VJdmk19zMKOIq0Z+0oycX3Taf3oqwaTb6boQtreCG2tIYhEkEUYVEQDAUKOAuOMDiuT8C/DXwrpcsd/pfhzRbG+hdkS4i02KGVOCDhlUEZBIPsa7K7fFqzZYYH8Iql4dkVtHRleSTMzD51xiiWFoSlGc4JuOzaV16dvkXDGV4KShNpS+Kzevr33e5YjjdHyDg1Y8xiu5zuOcc0wvTJG82Pb7g10yOclMsm7CED8aVLJ5Nxdslhge1MwHkzt5qzG5Ufd/AVnLYcdxqWrIuDSyRbVqTfxTJGyKUblS2KxOXpXjZR96o5gc8VAzsjcnqcVsQXJQlyuNo+tdT4Zi8nRIV9N3/oRrlVmCDZ3XjPrXV+HDnRof+Bf+hGuDGfAvUunucZqx/wCJxdf9dX/9CNRp92na0v8AxNrrH/PZ/wD0I1DE2OvFenR+BGPUlpspwlG+ndRWg+YRhiLNRqcin3RxBTB/x7ilHYoeq5FDHbTHY4FOI3JTAUPTHc0r5btShsCp5hS2AHJ5pdlMKbzUijAp7k8rFoDBV20oXjrTHIX61Fh7EVyfmpl1p8OqabNb3MMVxb3CNFLFKgeOVGGCrKeCCCQQeCKkb5np1VJJq0tgjzRd1ufLvxh/4J5ZSfUPBV9/ek/su+f/AH22xTf98IqyD1LSVyOhftUfEz9n3Vf7E8T2suorC4Yw6uj/AGgxiRw5inBy4Y7gJG8xRtG3gYP2grEHpUVxYwataz211DFcW1wjRSxSoHSVGGGVlPBBBIIPBFfk2O8LKNHEPHcOYiWCqvdR96EvJwbX3XcV0ifq2B8UK1bDrBcRYeOMprZy92cfNTSf32Un1kfPXh3/AIKOeHrqyZtW8P61Y3O8hY7R4rqMpgYJZjGQc5GNp4AOecD0Cz/bI+GupXkNvH4miWS4dY1MtncRICTgbnaMKo9SxAHUkCjxT+x18O/FU13NJ4eisbm6TZ5ljNJbrAdu0Mkat5QIwD9wgnkg5OeMvf8AgnL4QlspltdY8SQ3LIwikllhkjR8cFlESlgDjIDAnpkda5orxHwT5b4fEru7xenkuRJv5pd+/VKXh1jVzWxGGfZWktfN87aXyb7bW9VX45+CQf8AkcPC3/g1g/8Ai61vDfj3RfGYm/sfWNL1f7Nt877Hdxz+Vuzt3bScZwcZ64PpXze//BNHb/zOv/lH/wDt9ZviP/gnDqlrZq2k+KLC+ufMAZLu0e1QJg5IZWkJOccbR1PPGDtHijjql+8r5PGUVuo1oX+XvS/9Jf6kvhngir+7oZvJSezlSnb56R/NH1vFKAfu/nSSJu5r4xH/AATq8bH/AJinhX/wJn/+M0N/wTr8bKcf2p4V/wDAmf8A+M1P+v3FH/Qin/4NX/ysHwLwz/0PIf8Agp//ACw+y3conB596ptBcyK7efGgMgPTtXyCf+Cc/jYf8xTwr/4Ez/8AxmvqH4LfD28+G3wr0XQ9R1D+0r3T4PLknBYryxYIpbnYgIRScfKg4XoPp+F+Js4zLESpZjlssNFRupOakm7pctuWL2u76rTXofM8UcO5Pl2HjVy/MY4mTlZxUHFpWb5r80lvZW039Tp4QDn5gfcVlaI1s2u6jElxuk8ofJn3rV8t3BXIQeuKxdDMUfiXUkUDzfKX5sdea+5PhTYljVVxsUsRjOOagk0/dGAwJ2+9W40+b5uTillYR9eKdwOa1fwNZa8ssdxa2dyJuCJIgw/HNeffEf4GW11osdhpN02nXaLtiic+ZaBep2xsCAeuCBnrXs1z5UVuz7gMDJI7Vyuiy/23qV3eyJGyWh2wSFRuZfY9cUt9yovl1W580+K/2e9Dtr2B/GPgXw/4s1OJsw6rd6TDPBCO2UAGzH94jmuh8M2Wi2nh9bDw7aRXqq5MtvBGsGnRe2xQBx/u/jXv2s6bu07fG26Pq0eeH9mHQiuC8ZfBay8YWEvlwS6dLdrsaa1l8pV+qgD+daU6VNO9joljK8o8spaHIQPbzCKPyV1SZFdRCkhjsrUnHLAY6fTB74qay1CNNIGm7pdfuvuta2T+VZQH3VWw4/T2pNa8PP4bso7LU486PZj5W063/eXLf7eMcccnnOeau2ssWpeH4Y7i4t9I0YDfDBbkJJLjpnb3+ord8rVjkVovQ8t8efBFpWuLzSpbq08QJmCKx0dDb27BuuRHhv6etcL8Gfib/wAIB4z1jSPGWk3tnq0ErWqabaW620Db+WmDjhpG6MMg4A4719QWAMGjfaIZF8N6bJwbhsfa7j23BTnPqTXmHx8/Z90/x9oMd7Z48PeUzETyvJc3upnA+6Ox47GsOW2x0qonoavw51qJbC78QXk0dv8A2lP5b2GlOEcRoflV+VKqe/GDUXh3WR4Q8Oajr+sSN4Zk1Xddy6ba5kvNu3CxHaAcEIvXAyx5r5ml/aU8QfDnSNa+HsOhtHb+Usd5f3Ev79ElcguqqryA7M9QOV61P8Qta1XxP8DNQ1DxPq934R8MS2M093conlTTRxOf9UA+9mcgIPm687RSlWUS5RUI8zPTfF/7QmheAPDX9jr4kEWuatIJo9H02WN7m7jYkkzSb152lRjORjHNeW+O/j9408HeLdM07TvCUWi+CNSiI1G8juc3Ubk4C7Su/JB6hjj1rnPA3wz8UfDz4N33xHvfHvg3wDo3hi1jmlttbtP7V1KBJGRV89UbzFcmRCMKThxzWv8AsTftc237Wvxa1Dw54is9OtPEui2UjTT3kMtsbi3flZhHcbSvyleME1lzuRyfWI2T7n0L4Y8YQ6x4e07TtNKWWkXf7i6NvNu1B4gSWUSDmM7kC/jXTODfePQLvZo1pYxJdxSiX/Trt3Yr5bEDPoQT/er5++FnjWb9mj9oPUrmHyr7wZqbrbJqs+Xgt5shGYKR0GCDyPmUmvoXw1rsMei614j0+Gx/tCd5ZH1y6Be2dVBEYROeAVXjj61tCy3Nqia1Qk1rD4m8brq+YfD+m6GF3XFwDPez3LH5GRixYvsOBjoDVyO1g8SePn1XdHa6TpISGC/1FfMkmuJB5jMqHcq8Koz1zms7R9Ui8M+Ef+EksdJg1bVSDfTXlyu6COXaiqoHUHJAHBwaiTxRpnw2+H1veiOfV/ELFnVkcNZRzXGSd+4hOpYDuPQVUubeKuiUnJXv8jZ8OwmQ3Xii+urHT4JFaW21HVGE00wHQRswG3OPu81k+F7mSz8I3viWSzt7eSZpLhda1ZhLM6/wCNBjjjk4rmfj78cNB+Bvw6s7DV721uLuHb5ktwfJtLYfxKcbwW54HBPavj/9pf8A4KlDXbmeHw7FLrnlnzLe4vv3Wl25XkCGz+85z0ZyoB6oa+ZzfijAZfFyrz97+Van3nCvhpxBn8v9hw7t3enzPtC8+JWl+AvgV/wk95Jb20l4khm8Sa0wEIMhOSi7m/AEZr5D/aB/4KtWKeHj4e+H9vf6zdrC0c+tavIJIpy33hHANyBMbe4JxzXyd8SfjD40/aD8Qrda/qureIbiFSYEiEkiQJ3ASMeXGPbatd7+yL+x5H8fPjtpvhDVJEEepeH5PEvlWtzt+0RoVDW4mCMqy/OCeGIAPFfmOL4uzPOKvsssg4R/mP6LyXwl4W4VpPF8U141ay19nfTTy3+85v4lftg/E3412X2HxF4x1i7swpD2VtIsFo2ePJMUCrGQAVIBXPIyTXa/CD9gbWZ/FHhC58aQjRfBviDUYLa4lglQSwpIeGLYKruxt5Ofm7Gur8f+GNY8SfAC50fwR8OfDJsPDPjO/k1fxFotrFdZ0+xt1cm5a7kDFWknZeirm2bHYV6//wAEvvCuleI/CHxc+EN7PqPi7wRFpWma5psl9M002nSXcCThIyXZUaORto2Y5x2ruy7gp1MRGeaVXUb6dDxM+8aH/Z9WhwrQjh4xutIpO3deZ9rfCT/gnR8E/gzb20Ol+BdFvbnaFFzqNsuoTNnHQy7yufVcCvM/2e7Wy+Ff/BQLx94X8KRzJ4J03Qbe8vLGJ99tpF+zlvJjDZVN6ZYhfQ1U1n9kT4meC/h3b6fa/HjxbBpcaLbQwpp0PnQo45Xz9+eM4yRnjgV6L4a+CGj/ALNfwaOjeFrbUNU17XplkuryST7Rf6k7soaaWRiCwVNyj0z0r9OwmU4bCx9nQgor0P5bzbOswzOv7bH1HN9XJt/mdfFbw6zoN5rTWVvfarq0g/s5HiDNF8hVU57DAP0WmeEdIh8CeAmvvHGpQPJpKm5nWUYt7ViSAVjHc5VQoyScAAkgVwnjb9qzQ/hVbxNpb2PijxMI/KUw8WWnDyxtPmLuEvJX5YyOjAshAB8x07wH8Qv2vfFn9tagtzHpM0pc3kqmOys4zlWFujH58eXtwmSWA3sCS1fnvEHidhqGJ/s3I6bxeKeijDWMX3lJaWX2knpqpSjufoXD/hjWrUP7TzqaweFWrlPSUl2jF63fRta6OMZbHWfG39tvVvG2pf2B4DiubO3lmNql7Em671EMNirCm3dFlicEfvD8hGw5U63wH/YGx5epePP+mijRopPwV5Jo3/3jtQ/3CW+8leu/Af4B+HvglYL/AGaI7rV5oBDeahKD5txzuIAyRGucfKvUKu4sVzXpTKCvALN7Vw5X4d4nMMSs34wqe3rbxpL+FT8rbS2Sa+F683PpI9DNvELDZfhnlPCNP2FLaVV/xannfeO7afxLTl5NYjLHS4NM06C2t4Et7a3RY4YY1CRxoowqqo4AAAAA4AFU7CDVY9euWvJLL7CwH2aOFcSJ1zvOB7evQ1Yns3uQrMzIYjwM9an877Rg9P61+tRppKy2PyaUm3d7gg2vT/8AVnPX2pN3y4qMtmtUriHbPMfP6UJwTyaTJA6URgsxpAAdixw7D6Gh1P8AeP500x4ORSx5l68VEtxajkiCjOaUvtPH3aejEQttjJFVre8LkhUNF2F0WN9RsxU9Ka3nQj/VmkN4zQZ204oY8SHOamB/c7u9VYZGlt89D6mno7JAdxDH2o5QLcE+Fz39Kc8vmCqdqhV9/wClSGUu/SpAdJ8tNRzmkeOQdUIHrTolzQBNFLxSsdxqLoeKbubdWYE8sn2eLr+FUfDV0L7Ss9lmb+dWxH5yjPT0rM8JRi30iQKrLmd+p96ANUnzqBb4GaZAWOalE+FpvcBEk2VMkjAcMR9DVcHe1TmMLHmp3AGlz3yfWo5HNRmX56mVQ4ppWAhXcWokSKT+MZqV46bF+842ge+KrmAp3cbDBGevWu28Ktv0GA/73/oRrkWshIfmz+BrrvC0Qh0KBRnjd1/3jXHjHeC9S6e5yOsSBNUuc/8APV//AEI1WZln71PrKiTVrnP/AD2f+Zqutuq16NH4EYDTD5fQ5pNxqUpxRHWoCA+YuKQyY+Wh0ZTletNQ/Nn+KgB6fN1//VRja3HNcj8b/jx4R/Zn+GOoeM/Heu23hvwzpzxxXF9cFvKjaSRI0B2qxyXkQcDvXl3wP/4Kp/s6/tF+N08M+B/jB4J8QeI5lY2+npqIjnu2UZKRJIqM7ewGaxdZI0PoN5fkpgkU8Z59KjN1uk8mTyknT76q3TqB/I/kaPshhj81hI5yRkLwcc4HqafOrASb+adSOyonzbhg8Ej5ZB6qe4PUH0pHR4tp2SZYZXcpAIFHtUUoCPCZG7kd8Gk+xcfKr/iadDeRFucDdkFCy+YGxn7oJI455ANSnHlBDHKZG+YbUJyvX+VL2yNFTRElsUT3p+zCe9SRxeWnykj0DDDD2I9afBG1zKUjTdKSFwR0OQD+RIz6VLrK2onArlsDHeleMBQScVzegfFrw5428feIfDGk6tb3niLwpHZPq9mHw+ni8EjW5fOBhhFIcAk8DiutW286E742jxjG/Hz8A5GCQQan2qZk9Cq2AOtOw23gV558Zf2nfAn7PPjHwh4e8aeKNH8Pa18Q7uTT/Ddndz7G1O4TyxtAwf4pYl/3nApfjx+038P/ANmO20W68f8AijTfC9r4iv4tK003U2yS8upQxSNRg5+7g+hZP7wo9sgPQGZohgioCxXtwe9eAfHj/gqn+zv+zN8U9S8CePvipoHhrxhoflfbtNnnIltvNijmj3KFJ+aOVGGAeDW7a/8ABRD4LTfs6ah8WIfiN4XvPhvo86Wt9r9refaLa1leRIxG5RWIcGRCVxkA5IqlWTA9lgPk96j1XUI9MsmvLiVYYI+XZuiivmrw1/wWS/Zj8b+L9M8P6L8YfC+p6xrV0llY2sMspe5mdgqIuYgMncpxnoQa+lNT02HUNPeC6j86FiGZMcGqU09jTkMvTviNomsDda6pZzL5RuOHAPlAgF8egJFRT/FXwybdJjrFkscjiOM+aDvYhmAx2yEb8qxv+FAeE5NZn1MaZF9suLSSxYkEbIZPvIPY8Vl6P+yh4J0hpJU0m3+0GaOeWUZJnaNUVN302D8zWnMKUEelW11HqVqssLCSB1DLIOhzWTan/ir777gVYEPArUS3jsrFVQFItoVUUelZVgFk8V6gh4/0dOoo5jNq5riMEjae1Pdg2A3PpUUispG30Aqdji3Zj/AM4olsQZnjJri60V4LVVWaRhHt7lT1NO0nQl8PaFa2cYH7lNhLck/Wm6Ax1GeW+kt40kVtsJz95T1rSQgysxCj6GiIFaeHfCVIGGGOBUD2YKqgIAFaDjKmqgt2eT8aoChb6ALaGX+9JnBHGKxYvgvo8Wr/ANpwQm31Axsm7AMYY9H2dCRXZCMrKB7E0sZEkbHODnijmYHjmvaN4h8A3Ms11YReILpm2w6lKPlhjPXcgBAPsAfrUmg6hFqGsxN5tvq0m0fabr/V29iOeAp6t07DjvXrcrbZcbQ49TXO+MPhvo3imSOS/so2mjPySD7wqoy7jjueW3nhDRJ/Hkur6XpEGsapgK12AI4ExnG7I5xk9M9a+ff21PgFe+MvhB4lsdLm1PXrq5txLb2ltat9l06SOdZyGO7bhyGXgc9xX074i8B63pmoPdy58RaTaKGjsNwt9v0JLBv0rndb1S18QGJ9ZuZIXtzmz0OCIwIG/wCmuMhxjv3qmk0VVk+Wx+c114d0/wDaf8b+M9e1Xx54J+CGiaxpNr4d1DR5tJdtS1gxvBNPebkaP94JYmWM5kAUKCP4a6j4ZeEtD0r9o+58eaNY+NPGXh3w1YS/b/EOoW6ibxLcPCIY/KTagVEQITnGCjHBr0r9qzxI2r/Gu+8Gal440j4XfD3SIrK41C882KLfeTmRkghd+pKRsxABx3pvxW/Z9i074meCfCvgb4g+Or298U6Hc+JNEvdZ1KObQtXNqAZLRoSiAeZFJkNG2BycHFcMo2Z515SW2iIfFPxDt/j94BbRm8LtqmnOGTTLfSbw7kuzkuZpPLUAeWeil8Ek5rs/h/4gk+Gvgfwn4T8Txf2nqNvbi2fTdNuQ6aZa5QJ58mfmYEoC7hckmvmz4AftKBvE2s/28b/w9p2hyyXLaRpM585r+P8AdyqqSITgKjcrgcCvMfjT/wAFAPEHxF1TVrfwoH8JeF9WVIJbQBJLy8iVcYebG5WY/MfLIOe5r57PuLMHk9NSq3lJ7RP2Dw/8NMz4ufNl9vZR+Kb6H3l+0t+0H4b8NWGl6b4r1TSrW2N7Hd3drbzbYnjjbzI0by/m+8Bkbce5r5n/AGk/+Cs8nivSxongzQ7EaXGoHm3kOYZEA+VgqkN7glyfYV8p/Dr4J+Kfi7I1zptjcXNsGzNe3xCRM/8AE2+Q8sTydmW9a9xuP2GYvhn+zjc+PdYvJdUuLieC3tLeHdFZwb5ArO5bBbA6+9fBVOIM9z791gI+yg+utz9wj4f8F8EwljM5rPE1Y/ZitE/TX8z5+8U+L9c+KfirzdUvZdY1S4fEbT3IIAPb5jtjHt8o9a9p+Ev7EDWnxC8En4jXEOh+CfF000M13p96H8maIZVZJV3Im/oApx71+ufwZ/ZJ+Hvw6+GWl+H7Dwjoz2MltHFPcGJfMvNwADMwALBh17da+SP2gvg94f8A2cP2qtM8FaHDFb+APjDpk/8Ab2ivKrQ2CQkSrJChA8t2OUwK9rLfDuhGarZjUdSZ+f8AFf0iszr0vqfD1COGp91a9vU+u/gX+zF8Mf2avCQi8G6LpNnbxxgTXsgjlmnXHMkkmTwO5PHrXwv4S/Y60D45+NvihqHgu7vPDul6P4liHgvVbYkKs0scaXYQKVV1LgnGcYr1zwl/wTp+HOsyWcdrZ69ZaXdzmVNIbWbl7Y2e48FNwyGGzPOPnPFfSllBofg3xDBY2403QfCvhm2SQO8ixW9vKxCohZiANy46nrivvI5fhcPRaSUYrVvZJLqz8R/tfMsXjFiqs3UqN211u30R+dF3/wAEZPiT4TjsrG0u/hhoMV3KttdaroFtdjUtYhLpI32uJ2EUnOd3zDOG55r7a/ZZ/ZJ0D9kn4e2PhbSI3u9S166W61W+P3pZREvmMO6wgxIqpkhTKKi8eftu+FrTxbPqFja32vSwwILPav2aEvvO7ezjcMKeyHOFHHJHlMmr/Eb9sLxZJHbR/wCjOBFLHATb6fbIWi3biSSw3LG5Ul2yuVXgAfnWaeJWSYSqsPlUXjMQ9oUveXzmrq3+FSa6q2p+p4HgnPsdhnVzRxweH+1OouV/KLad/wDFyp9HfQ9u+Pn7UOg/D7xVY21u8esXOmxs8lrbuGSG4ViVWRvu8MuGXkr6V4bf+LviF+1Pqt5p2k6fcXVrPL509taIFhjOZHXzJWICg4OFLKrMgwu4CvYvhN/wTz03R2jufGF9/a9xz/oNk7RWy/eHzSfLI3BRhgJggg7hX0No2i2XhrS47HTrC002zhz5cNtEsUSZJY4VQAMkk8DqTXlS4f4r4oV88q/U8NL/AJdU3eck+k5apXXe66OCHHP+FuGNMkpfW8TH/l7UVoRa6xjo3Z9rPqps8D+BX7A+neFroX/i6S1128TBjs4wws4GV87mJwZsgL8rKF5YFX4I+g7ext9Js4bW3hht7a3jWKKGJAiRIowqqBwAAAABwBSRrvPNOVNr1+kcP8L5ZklD6vltJQXV7yl5yk9X+S2SS0PzniDijMs6r+3zGq5votox8oxWi/N7tt6lHWLu40u4SaONHtf4wq/Mv41aHlviSFiyyAEFTkfSp5GjdAkmCj5Bz0FeSar4qt9JsP7Uv9fuPCWgXlyLazFu4DSSk85yrY7dq+h3PBj5nrMbgDBbn3p/3TiuR0rUr3wpqthbXmoHVdN1IslveOQZC4XcFJHByO4A6dK7MxIVBIAJGeOlIuWxACwNPVPwpjzGOXb2p1O7IHFcd6a7/LxTd/NSeYoFICGNipyakZv3q5IWPHMnZT2X6mhiJeK479oa7uNI+Anje4sLt7K+g0O8kgmWQxmNhExDBgR8wPQZrGXkXyXOwYxk7d0qy90CNg/8Cxt/WoGRIXBjOQ5wrbv4vSvxd+Df7TPxH8GfskfFnTZPGXjK21R/hXpXiWykTXG1U28zO/nXfnK2bWSQksbfOU3EbjX2B42/aWk+JX7RP7Meh+FPGixw614d1a8177PdQ3CxL/ZoEMtwFkLK6Tbtu7GetZ8zQcqPumSRZ3VQzFl++Byo/Hp+FMurgRQCRdpiBCvkgYJ6V+an/BKTxrqfwo/au1L4a+PLrVPE/j/UtHn1aHxTYePX1fSdVtxLkJNZvJi3uFzjaoOfSsPw1ZS+A/8AgpHqem/EHUdR+Ium/E/xHd6d4f8AEfh34hT29z4fjdZMafeWEEoKxxrbyIr7MABMkE1XtGRy3P1JR5PJO2OPYv3nMqAD8zSKVaPeSm1hwd4/Kvyn+G3hi4+CGg/tleJ/CVz4xu/EXwkv5tL8Mr/wkWoTtpdu9nHNwkkpRnAkLhmBwVHardjrWgfCZP2dvEfwv+I/iLxF8SPiR4gsI/GMUPi19Vk1OzmiMl5LdWpcxRhTwTCoUbjxmj2jRfsz9Uop4hnYd2wZIHb8ehp6FXm444zivyq/4JJeF/jD8Xb/AOFXj2xh8SWHhNl1aXxXq2r+Lf7Qj1qLMkNtDFYGdzbusigFti/LX6oCM+ezqWZcnBPp2qoyuQWfKyeG/M03ygp5ao0djJUssecVQDo4gO9Bj5p0rBIhUf2hU65/AVmBPAvzrj1qrp1h5NlgkD96xFLM+/7q59CeMVHoebeBg4UgsSCDnmgCdkeLjG4eo7U0wbv970zUsqrIM4BpinCY8pfrQAwAxnng05pdy4zQFGOFFN8unHcBqQ7nzVhECr1qBTg1NFiqlsA4fMalEYWhVG2kYc8VACV03h3/AJA0P/Av/QjXJ3LEDiuq8LHOhQf8C/8AQjXFi/hRdPc43WA39sXX/XZ//QjUKnBq3qq/8TW5/wCur/8AoRqu/Ar1KPwIwFqOU4pQ22nffFagNjLY56VE/wDrd3vUzkgYqHyTKduSvuKWpUT5R/4LW311pX7DMt1Y6d/a1/p/jTwldWmnecsP9pTDxHphSAyMQqbigXcTgbq5P4xeG/2gP+CgHir4b6D4k+AkPwg0Hwh420zxRfeJ9V8b6breoafHZziaSO2jtHdgJfLERy0YCysSpxX01+1R+zVpP7U/wi/4RXVtUutOg/tnSdZE8EYd1fT9Qt79Ewezvbqh9mNehXYW+ffJ5jKcKQzFsp0ZcE8Buc4x1rilRbd0Ufn/AOI/2tfjB4A8Q/tdfFe98XfbPAHwBvNQsdD8FnQbMDWJF0O1ukW7uowLhYopp0kDLIGJuH+bC4rpNB8YftAfsbfFb4G3nxG+LWn/ABU0P4ta1/wiOraZ/wAI1b2Y8OX0+n3V7A9hcQKHuUzZSQtJKWGyQHJJzXvmhfsX+E7OP40W2qnVPEOk/HHV31bXLC6nMUUKvYWti8ERQKQpitE5JLfMea89+Af/AAS80/4afFTwf4k8T/E/4j/Eq3+GySHwfpXiKW0a08OTtG0K3EXkQxvIyRM6ATM4wx70SotIvU+VPjH+0v8AtKeCv2XP2iPjnp3xd0210P4I/EzxDomh+DX8HafPbatpVhrn2RILu6EQmCrG+wCJkfbECWPNer/tF/tA/Gr/AIJseCPiZ4k8WfEW2+LN03gG+1vRdMl8LWOkwaHq1tqFpaJEn2cI9xC39oITvYsRCOTk17R4t/4Js+H/ABj+yr8XfhLJ4k1mHSvjB4j1fxNqd7sDSWtxqV8byZUXAXAYlBx0r0f49/so+HP2lm1BPFwuNX0fVPCuo+EtSsWPlrd2t89s8h3jlXQ2qbT6tntWfI+ouY+Lv2O/2sfj9qv7VXgvQtaX9oDxx4M8YQ3EOs3fjD4Or4PsvD0qQPdQS2VzEpJDiMxNHcq7lZSQ4rjfE3x6/abt/wBhn4oftEx/GyO3074d+KPEH9neEI/CunNaa3p2ma1PA0dzMV80YigliUoyYWNeCea+uv2df+Cdh+FfxG0HxB4k+LHxY+JKeDbCew8NaZ4o1C0a00pJUEbSssEKfaZhGNiyzmVlB61euf8Agnb4b1P9ijxz8D21zV49D8aza39s1VljkurYapf3V7IEVURfla6ZRx0UUlFlcx47/wAFB/jr4u8H/Gb/AIR3Q/jB4k+H88vhq11Cx8OeBfhmPHOp39xKZxJNfLJbTJBbhkKoFkQERlvMOMDB8L/tofFf9qz4Nfsl6FoPi/TPhh4s+OuiX3iHxT4hOkRXs2mppkEH2iOytbhDAss9xMm9JEdQqnA4zXv3x6/4J/t8bPiFcatofxU+JXw7s9c06z0vxDp3hq9traLWobY3AjPmy2809vL5dw8ZkgeP5ABjvXM2X/BKXw7oP7Ofwp8A6L468aeH9e+CLXcvgvxtp88H9rafDKzG4ikWSJopYzHIiNujP+rQ0cj6k3Z8kWX7Q3xR/YE8d/tyeItc8QWnxE+I+hx/DvRtJ1j+xkhku/t32q0t7iazt5Fj82JJ2bajpnYuVAOK+kf+CY/7TXxY8c/GHxb4N8d2fxW1fwzaaLBrGleJfHnw8Hgu6guWuGhksxFGvlTQ7fLeOU7WPzg7ypatb4ff8EgPBWi+FvjFpfivxX46+IyfHa20k+I9Q1zU8amt3pySiG6jnhVQpEkm5VCYXyY+MGvTP2Yv2LP+Ge/EOq63r/xC8b/FLxLqtrDp41LxRLbsbS0i8zZDFFbxRxY/eMSzozsxJLZNONJ9BJnyb/wXq+DOq/H344/A/QtFaSHxNpfhvx34h8Ozw/62DUdNttMv7OSNsZ3tcWqZHbf0rxv/AIKUfG7Tv+ChvhvQvHmmQ20vhv4YeC/BPi2ONfnFtrnijxPorLC3YvFYWciHgEfaiMciv07+IX7M2n/EL9pT4Z/Eq61S/j1L4XQ6xDY2aKDBdjU4YYZt+RkFVhTHP4V4R8Nf+CMPw8+Dv7Mnj34YaT4h8QPp/wAQfFem+J7q+l8v7RZJp91aXNnYxfIB5MRs0VcgnDmj2TsWeWv8ffjR8Bv25/2y9Y+GPwd0P4o6Ra6voV3fCbxc2kajI48K6WfIgg+xXAnyp3YLL8xIr0T/AII46De/FnR/iH+0RdXnhG1vvj9eWGqJoPhN5JLHw01jbm3FvL5kcb/bpD81wpQASQrjrX0d8I/2dtP+D/xn+Jnjey1LUrq/+KV/YaheW9wy7NOa00+CxRYyqqSGW3RznucVj/s7fsaeH/2X/iX8RNX8M6hqEfh34g6kmtHwu6qdO0e8PNxLBld4aeT9453fe6CiNFmZ51+wUh/4ak/a+hW4uPK/4WVZssRJTay+HNGYHPUHdyPpX1MJCq5z16V5p8Ff2cdP+DHxH+JPiK11O7vbj4ma/Br92kqAC0kisbWyVFPceXagf8CNelXa8jYQcDjmuiKsVdkDq0kmT0xSWUHkRn/aOTUyKRD81MRhWnMK7Hu7Ff8Ac5FYVsZG8e6hu24NsmMGtt/uNxnI4Fc/bW+34hXhyf8Aj3TiqEdGeAPwrN8R3skMkNtBy033m7qO9aDt8/PpUT24WdJ2++BigWpLDarFbLCmNsI2im+R9kbLbfwNOdlMfHOeTTDbButBA4tuX5ajSRkOew60jDyThe/eq98zrYSbXLMwwu3nmtAL6SjeWb04wPWkUxlfl3fiKqWqPD5RkmbJH3T1NW5ZGMn90f7XFIBp+VqZJD5txGT91TmllTcflIplxBNLARF/rB90etMcdzhPEXxV1C41Ga18OaQ+tXNmSZfMkENvGOnLkH8hWW+rR+J9WjtfFWjf2LqrYNrcfaFmtmY9AHCrg/UV5N+0n8T9Q+HPw203Q9N8y11Ca7uFvbkEiSIjayP0xufe2CSeIm4PUee2v7W2saj4Jk0XxBajXFj2GzuDcGGS2cHJY8NuPAxjbjB654/P868TsgynMZZZj6koTja75JNK65lqk29Gtk9d9nb7/JvDTPs3y+OZYGnGcJXsueKbs7PRtJap7taa9Vfnf26vAXj39nHxT4t1v4aaDafECx8e6ethq9teKZrjw/P5ckBvYkUruYQyMAMHivme3+KHxKi8MeBdEiW6vZPhbbJ/wjl1ZeHJtJmA8loZre6lndg0bRuwPlgEhRjmvupv29LdoI8eDdtwEVZJhq3zSEDBb/U8E9eKra3+27p/iHTfsl54Ka4hYbXEustIXH+80RI/A1xf8Rg4Qt/vf/lOr/8AIG3/ABB7i9RcI4XR/wDTyl/8meK+Af2LLfxf8BB4jutQn07W757vU9V1+EeQDLcM7MkasBLs2OV6nINea+Pf2AvDP7M3wM1Lx1qTXXin7CjXNvcXRWOyMQR5CY4ihdmVUyWLAH+6te66r8eprm+tIbWynj8PWskb/wBjXV4bi3UJjaqMEVlAAxyWrH+JvxTm+LNve2etadYX2j3ljLp40+4DPDDHJEYnK4KndtLAE8c9DXz+eeJHA2JUa06rqST2VOf3+9GK/G/kfecH8F8c5TT+p0IeypS1l78NfL3ZN/gePaJ8FLf+zvhv4l+LfhXV/iBoPxUaws4QmqpZadoxumkaOO1tIQplKRRksSQeOTXlH7Smo6d+yd+1/wCK/ANlrehf8IIjWel3/hKPVJ7tktrmVlSSJpizQz8hmC5wQRXt+nfs0/8ACfeG/C2nPH4z8TR+AIY00iZNQvBJpojDqjqLdkVHCuy7woODjNdz4B/ZmvPH2qtqul6HYXF15jyTam+yScShHDNJJ80hkK71LNk/MdxGTXJT8SIVkoZNl1eq+nucsXfZ8y5rRfdpWWp6GJ4LxEasqmdZjSjT6xc7tPqrO12uybu9DtPC3xC+NHwaM3hKw8deBtW0DSbUJa6j4jtnh1C3hRSUA2ODcFQWA2jLHgAniuU8PXlr4T+Kc/jDxFr118SfFFxFtF29v9jtLIMylooEdWdVIBySCefxrqrT9nJo/AEmuXusLuTLeRYW4vFCAZO6TzFUP1+UZz616f8ACz9ljR9C+HM2t+ItLuLrWJpSbO0uHJW2IJ8tXVcBmY8FWBBwOMEg+p/aPiDmfu4XC0sHF7SqSU5Lfor6rtKnu10ufF/2L4fZZJzxOKq4uSfwwjyRe2jbtp5xnsn1scLqf7U3i3xb4xhk8KacumXEdqlraQ2sH264WGNCXX5lKsDt3MQgIEa9gSV0T9ljxn46sJPEHii9bStPW1W4+1X8/wBpupkKsUCpuJByACsjIRu4BwRX05b+F9M+FHwx/s+FbbTZL3EU5hiWKNpWAVy20Yyqhhn/AGBVzU/Cs3xVs7eykM1h4dBjZlK7Zb4xnK9fuqDyGwc+lVT8K62Pkq/E2PqYp3vyJ8lP0svzjydOxVXxSpZfTdHhnA08Npbna56nrd/+3c/XueQfC/8AZD8NvHF5kFxq1wDBLJd3D/uIucfu41wrZYgsshfAUD1z9H+EvBuneCdIjs9PtYLW3jA+SNdqntnHb6VLpGiw6Lp8dvbIltDbjEcMa4XPTPU5J/yKsoNi4/Gv0XJ+H8tyqn7LLqEaa68q1fq9382z84zjiHMs2qe0zCvKo+l3ovRbL5JD8JCcr1PWhWDnmoWVgSR9adCN8St6ivZPJ1JNiLUbHLe1K8fFNhRg3TipkQF1bR3No8TdHXBFeSeMPCGk+JfCr6F4rJ037Dcm5t7oIWXa56ZAPJAr125h82ZShxjqw7UosI7p8T/v1BBViORU3Zoea+HNIHiufQtN0lpv7D8OSCaOZ0Kec6hgpGR/tGvTwixpI53AbyyKBwAQBj8MH86kbakvH3VGMEYpDKzqMcYGOKC5PQiRRcJv5/Gkf5Ke7GmgbjVcxBFUnloRTvIGKBEAad0AJFz8tR6nZRalYzWtwkc0F3G0E0UkYkSVGGGVlPBBFWY08ocUMm6oKTOG8DfszeAPhNoOo2Hhfwd4W0Cz1VGjvYLPS40jvQeGWQAfMhz901H8P/2aPh78JTfP4b8E+GNDTVlK38dhp8Vst8DnKyqihXU5PDKetd7KcfdqJmyPuv8AlU8qDmOM+FnwH8FfBKK5/wCET8JeHPDv2yRZJv7N06G2DkLg7gijduPzHPftTfD37PXgXwj49ufFWm+EPDVh4l1Bnkn1e20m2hu5WbO4syRgsTk8sSeetdrHEOc01+PlHSjlRDuZth4P03RZtQmtbCxgm1aVZbx4oQGvmEYiDS9dx8sBeewrC8I/s2+APhx4iutW0HwP4T0TUb8l7m7sdLihnnb1d1Az+IrsERYz7mnvuYY20+VBqZ3hvwrYeFtHh07TrG106wtM+Rb2yhY4wSTgAADqxP41sIq+XVaKKOBadFJl+KYyR18vkU5G3CmSOP4qTfu6UtQHtH5n/wBeozFJbnPy49AaeXEgo8pT92oAPN8zqOO+Kr2ZXy2WPgKxPzcVMU//AF1Fp8PmFtxzyetAFizfccVNKMVEi+W3FE5K/N74oAeqZT6VG/3qV5GjOPWm5zQA1x3psZbdUoxil2Y6VUgJAG2URMRmiKRh16UiSLk1IFOe7812CllxzyK7HwhIJfD1uyksPm5P+8a4y7kLlm3RlQ2Blq7Pwk27w/b8Y+9x/wACNcuM+BepVN6nK6ucarc/9dX/AJmqhO41Z1sB9UuPnC/vX6/U1BENn8Qf3FehS+BGJDIhWnJJsHNTP8w45qCSPLf6t19yeKouOxMwxFupm0sM0I3y4PSlAKN/s1URiAAjFL5G8cUjHLVGzOvSqAFzGcGljOyZselSrjy/m61AFxMT2xQBKMmQY6HqK+Wv+CqP7R+rfs/eGfhl5Pjn/hU/hnxb4rGj+IfG39ipqjaDb/YbyaKJVdXSFrmeGGITMpVCwLcV9ShMjnp3A714R+2r4t+JHgLTPDOteCfBU3xM8NxXlxaeLvCVsbRb3VLCW3cJLA1zhTJDKqkKGXfvwc1z11oVE8z/AGcviR8SfhvqWu+INP8AidN+1Z8DbXw6+uW+s6Z/Zt1r1nrFvMjfYoRY+XHdRXKOxV/LATyyDXJ/sN/8Fc4vFH7Cnhfx58VvDvxEh8Ua1qT6LYwjwwyS+M72W4vpY10u3hZndI4YH3NJt+5VP9l34DReNv8Agod4d+K3gD9n/V/2afB+j6Hqdr4l/tmx03RbnxhPeeR9jVbCznkAaHEheWQrwenNeRfCvQPj18Nf+CcHgD4Z6b4B+NHhPUfhf4qfTvGjeF20oeIdWsZjeSpdaNPJNJEyK72yPJhZvndUI3V53vI2PY/2xP8Agr9f+Dv2UPEmveC/hh8afDvjTSNX0PTp7LWvCCxXWnW19ewJ9oMDT/NFcwm6toXycTjpxXr3wV/bg8J638Sfi5rGuah488H6f4E8O6Jrmu6N4ss7e30zwtbyQ38gkiMIM7TOttKZFdmUiNcCvjvWv2a/iT4z/Zk/aBj0H4W/HyGbXI/Auo6Jb/ETxIuteJ/EC6Vr0t/duWluz5DCJMC1MqFQwbGGrvvHn7Lnj79s4ftofY/BPiPwCvxo+H3g+y8Ox+K4zp7Jc2tvqnmWjv8APGxjd4I3IJz9o5Ygk0ueTA+kP2eP+Cnfw9/aN+JuheD4fDnxQ8Eal4ps3u/DcnjLw0+i23iq3iWN5H0+V223G2FxLgHcUGcVyvwF/wCC0Hwl/aE8a+E9I0vQfiTo9n48v59H8P61q3h97fQ9S1SAyK+npeFyDOTDJgYAOK5bRPEXxO/bh/aZ+Ac2qfAfxn8GdD+Dur3Gv69quuNbWouJ/sFxYpp9gLeeRyjNc+djaFaOIccCvPPhF+yt480X/gn5+yN4bvvCPiCDXPCPxts9c12xkjdZdOsf7T1mVrt0IyuY7iJi2OVkStYVZXHyo/SSedigOAUYBt44BHUVD5RmAb8qkdEmIMfII3YzwuecfhnH4U5DhfpXpU9jOW4qptTJ60kbZBzUauxbmnk88VdjIcieV93p3zTw47VAxb+GlSJs1PKA9yGOC4X60wqE6EN7inNE4HY/hSKu3jaRRoAqqWIrKZM+PbnHUQJmtZjgVQCI3iWaQOC3lKGHelbUiW5oOnz/AIUzaX+9TycmijlY4jAmHp/bNFIX2joW9qFuEiCWePP+sXr0pFVZI8U65bEcjmHbgcZqvPem3hDfKN3A46VZIqqkUpbnjoxPSrMV0ko5dWNLHkoFd43V1zwtVF08F9y5oAvADrTJP3h749utOjBVeaCnze1AGN4o8Fab4niH2q39i8R8tyPdhg/rWJB8EvCNlaJazeHdNvo42Lp9vt1uihbGSpfcecDPPYV2mewpJ9sgy33ulYVqNOrB06sVKL3TV19zNqNapSmqlKTjJdU7P70cufgX4JK7v+EP8Lc/9QmD/wCJpn/CivBTH/kUPC//AIKoP/ia61f9XiljGw1wrJcvt/Ah/wCAR/yOx5zmF/48/wDwKX+ZxkvwC8HvG23wj4YDdh/ZUH4/w1wnijQ7r4EwXf8AZGlw3Ph/U33G1iiUfYJP4m9ApzjA9B6V7d5myql7YJqMEsc+x4ZV2spHUV04bL8LQlz0KUYva6ik7dtEY4jMcVXj7OvUlJb2cm9fmz5Y+L/wyXwj8M9Fn8O6nqNpdakqW9wtleSRJqHnsixhkDbTiR1bkfdBFXvE2i+JPhn8NtK8M2EUa2TqIEuNNif7Wx2gFmO7LEgc4x1rtviD8J/+ERv9OukkutS8OWt4bo2hkP8Ao0hQx706YC5DYOR8vStjwdosXir4i+Wt2l9a+G7YBXikDLcSyESAjB/u5GD6V2cyZPtG42ucpp1zJ4u8a6H4Z0z7PFoscH26/tEVg6xD5IxLzgt5vfHrXpHiq7sZ/E9nayXK29nZJLcTFz9+QBdq/X5Tj61T8NXel6PqfiTxNsiENxItvEUGC4hPlED2MoY/iKTwj4Ek8T65ca5qwMQ1AI0FofvRqgwM9s+vrQ0Y8umhLp3huT4s6zZ61qNpJaadp+5ra1ZjmcnHztkkHGPbqfWu+jizCuFCxp90AdP/AK1RxWyRRRquV8v5VCnAx9KteQi8jOfrWZPkRSthaUJvjqTaD1FPQqDgUmwiQrFilwEXb6dKkfg1ETk1MtyhMMTUquoTb3NES5FBGaQDYWEIIbvTXLRuMVMiBhz+FNI9fwoAVZMp9wvSA5PQp7GkAI+7Sg5PNADmbaPul/pTc57fgakZsCoycCgBQuRQUIqJpCppBMzGgCbcaUFmpFGTT6AGtGVpqysvHanOxzTQMmgBHb5qeY6jljIYU9XPegB4Cge9K5/d8VEzZekfc3SgBTHleaftEacUxATwasRQ7qi7Ah8z1prxNHz61LJCFkpzDeBSAp3l/wD2SU3QvJvOAR2q2ZAqDjBPanTw4QbsN9RSRRq7sTuyaC9RmzLqe3eq+lSrOZMMq4Y9at+UwmVv4Aeap6LslMu3ozkUEFwru+6wf6U0v8uD0zmjZsPy9KfgHrQAxpfM+tRvMEqQqCeOtNJUPjgseMVcdhcqGCXJp6NmmSkeWTxkds0sduxZew6nmmMl3mVeOw5quZgJR/tCnyxEud4cAc5QE5H4VRvrkofMyXiP3R5ZBA96IomRI58oSYKkOcjIrsvBC48L2v3v4/8A0Nq4W6uCLVXA8vjPPzfyrt/AU32jwnavndu387f9tq5ccvcXqVT3M2+8IXF1ezSh4NjSswBJzyc+lNbwNdAf6y3/AO+m/wAKKKmNaairMOVCw+C7pf8Alpb/APfTf4Usng+6f/lpB+Z/woope2nfcqMUNPgy5P8Ay0g/M/4Un/CD3WceZb/99N/hRRT9vUvuVyoP+EFu/wDnpbf99N/hT18G3Cj78H5n/Ciin7afcOVDJPBlz/z0g/M/4Uf8ILd/89Lb/vpv8KKKPbT7hyoUeCrvZ/rLfP8AvN/hQfBV4zH95a+3X/CiiolWn3NBs3gW6YNunjm3sCRNI0i+nQinT+DLyWMxrcRhSNu0u20D+6Bj7vA4ooqfaSKRHH4Euo4I1jazjXBR0TKoVPXAC45qNPh3K8TJLHpsiqdyZTJU5B/u+w/Kiil7SQEx8C3BuPNb7L5zEHerMpJAwCcAZP1zTU8D3gkX/SI2ChtpaRs++eO3b2oopxqSuBJB4Guov+Wlv74Zv8KR/BdyP+WkH5n/AAoorRVp9wEbwNdgf6y3/wC+m/wpw8DXY/5aW3/fTf4UUUe2n3MeVA3gq6I/1lv+Z/wo/wCEIvP+elt/303+FFFP20+4cqAeC70j/W2//fTf4UHwTef89Lb/AL6b/Ciij20+4cqBfA92P+Wlv/303+FUIfhnex61Jceba7WULje2f/QaKKPbT7mfKi6/ge8Lf6y3/wC+m/wpw8D3g/5aW3/fTf4UUUe2n3DlQf8ACDXn/Pa3/wC+m/woHga8B/1lt/303+FFFL29TuacqEn8D3UkRXzLf5v9pv8ACqn/AArvUlgZPMsSO2Wbj/x2iin7afcz5UTx+BL4rHuktcqCDhj/APE1LH4Guo1x5lv/AN9N/hRRR7afcOVDv+ENuf8AnpD+Z/wpreDboD/WQfmf8KKKXt6nc05UNHge8D/6y3/76b/CnHwNdH/lpb/99N/hRRR7ep3JjFA/gu6I/wBZB+Z/wqT/AIQ252f6yD8z/hRRR7efcrlQ0+DLg/xwfmf8KI/B93u+/a/r/hRRR7efczsV9V+Htzf2zoGtfmXGGJ2/+g1xmifs/at4D8R3tzoEukx6XqTG6nsZJZY1juNhG+MhWxkkZzkY7UUUe2n3E0rieBP2cL7Slt5tWm02eZEx5cEkphQ+wYYbkZyRnNdtD4AuIDw9v/303H04ooqvrFTuaRiiwvg2dU+/Dn6n/CkXwhcA/ft/zP8AhRRWXt59yZJCp4QuN334PzP+FR23gq8jPzSW/XszdPyooo9tPuOMUOPg66J/1kH5n/Ck/wCENuf+ekH5n/Ciij20+5XKh48IXP8Az0g/M/4Uf8Ihcf8APSH8z/hRRR7afcOVDh4TuAPvw/8AfR/wpreD7nd/rIPzP+FFFHtp9w5UPHhO4C/fh/M/4VG3hC4J+/b/AJn/AAooo9tPuHKhf+EQuf8AnpD+Z/wpp8H3RH+sg/M/4UUUe2n3DlQn/CG3P/PSD8z/AIU4eDpx/HD+Z/wooo9tPuHKh48JXA/ih/76P+FH/CJ3H9+H8z/hRRT9tPuHKhr+ELnP+sh/M/4Un/CIXX/PSD8z/hRRR7WfcOVC/wDCIXTH/WQfmf8ACj/hEbjH+sh/M/4UUUvbT7hyoF8JXAj/ANZD+Z/woHhK4A/1kP5n/Ciil7SXcOVCW/hC6SX/AFkH5n/CrD+GLgH/AFkP5n/Ciij2ku4cqIm8K3DH78P/AH0f8KcnhS5x/rIfzP8AhRRR7SXcod/wi1w4+/D+Z/wo/wCEUnQffh/76P8AhRRR7SXcBv8Awi90JF/eQ7c8jJ/wqvpfgu4s2kHmQcsTwT/hRRR7SXcnlRb/AOEUuP78P5n/AAqI+FLgn78P/fR/wooo9pLuHKgPhK43ffhx9T/hWB46+GviTxAbNdL1q30iONj58iIHlI/2dyEZ+tFFHtJdw5Uche/s2+NrrUbdh8SNbjtlkLSonkDeP+/HX8aseH/gJ4xnmuF1bxZfeQ3EMkN8JGx2yht1AP0Y0UUe1kVHczNX/Z68cXN9dJbavDHaeUFt5DrLiQvuXLMgtMD5d3RjyRWdP+zF49e5uIk8QZtVmIgLa/MGWHJ6qtoAGxjoce9FFUq0+5L2H2/7MXjaHXvL/teP+xsf6/8A4SCf7Z/3z9l2f+PV7d8O/DDeBvB9ppct1dXklrvzNNN5sj7nZuW2rnG7H3RwBRRWdepKS94IpLY//9k=)

This diagram indicates that the panels with full-width cracks were clustered
on drops 1–16 and, to a lesser extent, on drops 22–26, which were located in
closer proximity to Promenade Station than the other drops, while panels with
full-width cracks were also found on drops 41–42 and 53–54. On first sight,
this might appear to indicate that vibrations from the MRT Works caused, at
least, full-width cracks to form on (some of) the panels.

358 However, in assessing Mr Mann’s evidence, it is critical to bear in mind
that he did not inspect the whole Façade (see [219] above). He inspected 28
drops. 13 of these were from the bottom left section of 19 drops (drops 1–18
and 80) shown in the diagram above (Mr Mann inspected all these drops except
drops 1, 4, 7, 10, 13 and 16). 685

##### Foot Note 685

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
22).

By contrast, he only inspected five drops in the top left section (drops 62,
65, 68, 72 and 75) and six drops in the top right section (drops 41, 45, 48,
53, 54 and 57). It is thus unsurprising that most of the panels with full-
width cracks which Mr Mann observed were clustered in the bottom left section
of drops shown in the diagram above. I do not consider that it is safe to
conclude, on the basis of Mr Mann’s evidence, that panels with full-width
cracks were in fact concentrated on drops closer to Promenade Station. I would
add that the spreadsheet which covers DT13, ie, the cracked panels, in the
100% Spreadsheets indicates that the cases of DT13 were distributed relatively
evenly over the entire Façade. 686

##### Foot Note 686

×

Vol 31 BAEIC, AEIC of Derrick Yap Chong Yeow dated 28 February 2014 at DY-37
(p 3868).

This undercuts the theory that panels with cracks were concentrated on the
drops closer to Promenade Station.

359 For all the above reasons, I do not accept that vibrations caused cracks
and chips on panels. I therefore do not accept the Vibrations Thesis.

(2) The BMU Thesis

360 Dragages contends that the BMU may have been used improperly, either by
being used in windy conditions, contrary to its design, or by being operated
without the use of lanyard restraints that were intended to limit the swaying
and swinging of the BMU. Consequently, the BMU may have struck panels on the
Façade with significant force and thereby caused cracks on panels. 687

##### Foot Note 687

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at paras 1001–1003.

361 The façade experts agreed that one panel (panel 1-25-42-R), which had
cracks emanating from a single point, had probably been damaged by an external
impact. 688

##### Foot Note 688

×

Transcript, 10 March 2016, pp 128–143; 13AB 10090.

Mr Hartog and Mr Lalas stated that the damage was probably due to a BMU
impact, 689

##### Foot Note 689

×

Vol 31 BAEIC, AEIC of Peter Hartog dated 26 February 2014 at PH-1, para 6.19;
Transcript, 10 March 2016, p 130.

and Mr Yang agreed that this was possible. 690

##### Foot Note 690

×

Transcript, 10 March 2016, pp 142–143.

I find on this basis that a BMU impact caused cracks on this particular panel.
However, I am unable to find when this occurred; in particular, whether it
took place before the 2nd Fall or during the Rectification Works (see [362(a)]
below).

362 Apart from this single panel, however, I do not accept the BMU Thesis for
the following reasons:

(a) First, Ms Cheong Fong Yin, the housekeeping manager in charge of the
cleaning and maintenance of the Building, 691

##### Foot Note 691

×

Vol 8 BAEIC, AEIC of Cheong Fong Yin dated 4 March 2014 at para 4.

testified that she had never received a report about a BMU damaging the
Façade. 692

##### Foot Note 692

×

Transcript, 23 April 2014, p 167.

I accept her evidence.

(b) Secondly, the BMU Thesis is premised on the BMU having been used
improperly. However, Mr Lalas acknowledged that he had not seen any documented
evidence that the BMU had been used improperly. 693

##### Foot Note 693

×

Vol 16 BAEIC, AEIC of Firouzeh Maniquis and Peter Lalas dated 15 January 2014
at FP-1, para 504 (p 100).

Dragages submits based on photographs that the BMU was used without the
lanyard restraints on four instances, between May and July 2011. 694

##### Foot Note 694

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at para 1005.

However, I note that these alleged instances of improper use of the BMU all
occurred after the 2nd Fall. There is scant evidence that the BMU was used
improperly before the 2nd Fall.

(3) The Lack of Maintenance Thesis

363 Dragages submits that Millenia failed to undertake proper and regular
maintenance of the Building, and that this contributed to the defects. 695

##### Foot Note 695

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at para 1019.

I do not accept the Lack of Maintenance Thesis. Significantly, both Mr Mann
and Mr Keithly expressly stated that lack of maintenance was not a primary
cause of any of the alleged defects. 696

##### Foot Note 696

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
75); Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of Hugh Keithly dated 24 February 2014 at HK-2 (p 31).

Mr Mann’s evidence was that lack of maintenance would lead to the accumulation
of grime and the growth of algae and ferns. 697

##### Foot Note 697

×

Vol 21 BAEIC, AEIC of James Phillip Mann dated 24 February 2014 at JPM-2 (p
75).

Similarly, the “indications of lack of maintenance” which Mr Lalas referred to
were, among other things, the growth of ferns and mould on granite. 698

##### Foot Note 698

×

Vol 16 BAEIC, AEIC of Firouzeh Maniquis and Peter Lalas dated 15 January 2014
at FP-1, para 525 (p 104).

These effects do not have any relation to the defects discussed above. I
therefore do not accept that lack of maintenance contributed to the defects.

364 In summary, for the above reasons, I do not accept Dragages’ hypotheses as
to the cause of cracks and chips on the panels.

My further findings

365 However, what then was the cause of these defects (and of other defects
whose cause may not be patently clear)?

366 At this point, I address a recurring refrain in Dragages’ submissions.
Dragages submits that Millenia has not fulfilled its legal burden of proof on
the cause of the defects because, Dragages claims, Millenia has not raised a
positive case why the defects arose, and thus cannot hold Dragages liable for
them. 699

##### Foot Note 699

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at para 401.

367 To begin with, with respect, this submission is difficult to understand in
respect of the defects noted at [331] above whose causes are evident.

368 Moreover, the submission is also difficult to accept in respect of defects
that could have been caused by multiple factors, such as cracks and chips on
panels. If these defects were not caused by external factors such as
vibrations, what was their cause? The answer is evident, especially in the
light of the fact that many defects were caused by improper installation of
the Cladding, and others by the use of defective materials and deviations from
agreed rectification methods (see [331] above). The defects were caused by
defective work: in particular, improper installation of the Cladding. Notably,
this was the conclusion that Arup arrived at after inspecting Millenia Tower
and observing that the defects on the Cladding were not found there; Mr Chin
observed that the quality of the works to Millenia Tower was “far better” (see
[57(b)] above). I note in this regard that the Building was built very quickly
(see [1] above). It appears, and if necessary, I find, from the numerous
defects, that corners were cut; some of the workmanship was simply poor or
bad. The very fact that the 1st Panel was installed without its top pins, and
held in place by epoxy, was an instance, on any view, of reckless and
dangerous installation of a very heavy stone panel that was a very significant
public safety hazard. There can be no other view of this kind of reckless
workmanship.

369 The analysis in the preceding paragraph involves applying a principle of
elimination in determining the cause of the defects. In this regard, Millenia
cites Anti-Corrosion Pte Ltd v Berger Paints Singapore Pte Ltd and another
appeal [2012] 1 SLR 427 (“Anti-Corrosion”). 700

##### Foot Note 700

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 502.

In that case, the plaintiff claimed that discolouration of paint had been
caused by latent defects in the paint, which was manufactured by the
defendant. The Court of Appeal agreed with the plaintiff, on the basis that
the evidence adduced by the plaintiff had eliminated two other possible causes
of discolouration and accordingly, defects in the paint was the probable cause
of the discolouration: see Anti-Corrosion at [36], [37] and [42].

370 Dragages submits, however, that Anti-Corrosion is distinguishable. In
Anti-Corrosion, the parties agreed that there were only three possible causes
of discolouration: see Anti-Corrosion at [28]. Dragages claims that a
plaintiff can only prove causation by elimination if it eliminates “all other
possible causes of damage and not just the examples of other causes raised by
[the defendant]”. 701

##### Foot Note 701

×

Dragages’ reply submissions at para 230.

371 With respect, I do not agree with this submission. Millenia’s burden is to
prove causation on a balance of probabilities. In my judgment, there are only
a limited number of likely causes of the defects on the Cladding. It is no
surprise that Dragages advanced a case theory that pinned the cause of the
defects on foreign or external causes. Without any such theory, one natural
conclusion would have been that the defects were caused by defective work. But
once the foreign or external causes raised by Dragages have been eliminated,
the only likely hypothesis that remains is that the defects were caused by
defective work, in particular defective installation of the Cladding, and I so
find.

The cause of the 2nd Fall

The parties’ submissions

372 The parties make the following submissions on the cause of the 2nd Fall:

(a) Millenia submits that the 2nd Panel fell either because (1) it was not
restrained by top pins (“the No Top Pins Thesis”) or (2) cracks had formed
across the 2nd Panel or around the pins as a result of stacking (“the Stacking
Thesis”). 702

##### Foot Note 702

×

Millenia’s reply submissions at paras 70–75.

(b) Dragages claims that vibrations generated by the MRT Works were the likely
cause of the 2nd Fall (“the Vibrations Thesis”). 703

##### Foot Note 703

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at para 825.

Further, Dragages contends that it is likely that improper use of the BMU may
have caused an impact to the 2nd Panel which contributed to the 2nd Fall (“the
BMU Thesis”). Dragages also submits that Millenia’s alleged failure to
properly maintain the Façade (“the Lack of Maintenance Thesis”) contributed to
the 2nd Fall. 704

##### Foot Note 704

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at paras 1012 and 1019.

(c) Meinhardt Façade submits that the No Top Pins Thesis and the Stacking
Thesis are incorrect and that the BMU Thesis may be correct. 705

##### Foot Note 705

×

Meinhardt Façade’s closing submissions at paras 573–585.

(d) Arup submits that the Vibrations Thesis and the BMU Thesis are not
correct. 706

##### Foot Note 706

×

Arup’s closing submissions at paras 420–442.

373 Importantly, although the parties advanced competing theses regarding the
cause of the 2nd Fall, there was ultimately some convergence between the
evidence of Mr Yang, Mr Lalas and Mr Hartog. I will discuss this evidence and
state my findings after discussing the hypotheses regarding the second fall.

374 I turn first to the Vibrations Thesis.

The Vibrations Thesis

375 I find that vibrations were not the primary cause of the 2nd Fall. Rather,
vibrations were at most a minor contributory cause of the 2nd Fall.

376 I accept Mr Hartog’s evidence that vibrations could only have been “the
straw that broke the camel’s back” in relation to the 2nd Fall. 707

##### Foot Note 707

×

Transcript, 29 June 2016, p 40.

In this regard, Mr Hartog’s evidence was as follows:

(a) First, Mr Hartog explained that if vibrations were the sole cause of the
2nd Fall, other parts of the Building made of material that was more
susceptible to vibration would have been damaged. There would have been loose
plasterboard grout falling out of coffered ceilings such as the ceilings of
the lift lobbies in the Building. 708

##### Foot Note 708

×

Transcript, 29 June 2016, p 41.

Damage would also have been observed in among other things, thin stone slabs
and wall tiles, glass blockwork, wall-mounted mirrors and brittle joint
fillers. 709

##### Foot Note 709

×

Vol 32 BAEIC, AEIC of Peter Hartog dated 26 February 2014 at PH-1, para 5.13.

(b) Secondly, Mr Hartog added that materials closer to the path of the
vibrations would have been more susceptible to damage. He noted that the lift
core would have been in the path of the vibrations and the ceilings in the
lift lobbies in the Building were attached to the lift core. This was a
further reason, apart from the brittle nature of plasterboard, why damage
would have been found at the ceilings of the lift lobbies.

(c) However, and significantly, Mr Hartog emphasised that from his own
inspections of the Building and from records that he viewed, there was no
evidence that the Building had sustained any damage apart from damage to
toilet wall tiles and a single glass panel. 710

##### Foot Note 710

×

Transcript, 29 June 2016, p 41.

He concluded that it was “improbable … that structure-borne vibration from
extraneous sources such as the vibration from nearby construction activities …
was more than a minor contributory factor” [emphasis added]. 711

##### Foot Note 711

×

Joint Expert Report of Façade Experts dated 22 February 2016 at p 51 (S/N
10.8).

377 Importantly, Mr Lalas accepted that vibrations could not have been the
sole cause of the 2nd Fall. He agreed with Mr Hartog that vibrations could
have caused the 2nd Fall only in the sense of being the straw that broke the
camel’s back or, in his words, as the “trigger” of the 2nd Fall. 712

##### Foot Note 712

×

Transcript, 29 June 2016, pp 103 and 113.

He explained this by observing that if vibrations had been the sole cause of
the 2nd Fall, many more panels would likely have fallen off the Building. 713

##### Foot Note 713

×

Transcript, 29 June 2016, p 44.

I agree with this observation and accept this expert evidence.

378 Furthermore, the factors I have relied on in rejecting the theory that
vibrations caused cracks and chips on panels – the lack of defects on Millenia
Tower, the scant objective evidence that the Building was subject to
vibrations that would have resulted in damage, the weak evidence that
vibrations would have led to the growth of cracks in panels – also indicate
that vibrations could not have been the primary cause of the 2nd Fall.

379 For all of these reasons, I find that vibrations were, at most, a minor
contributory cause of the 2nd Fall.

The No Top Pins Thesis

380 As I have noted, it is undisputed that the 1st Panel was not installed
with top pins but was attached to the panel above with epoxy instead, and that
this was the principal cause of the 1st Fall (see [48] above). Millenia
similarly contends that the 2nd Panel may have fallen because it was not
restrained by two top pins. It was undisputed that the 2nd Panel was
restrained by two bottom pins because these were found at the bottom brackets
of the 2nd Panel, after the 2nd Fall. 714

##### Foot Note 714

×

85AB 67799, 67830–67831.

The pins had also rotated outwards, which shows that the panel fell outwards –
a point to which I return at [399]–[401] below. It is also undisputed that the
two top pins were not found at the upper brackets of the 2nd Panel.

381 On balance, I do not accept the No Top Pins Thesis. I find that the 2nd
Panel was installed with two top pins for the following reasons.

382 First, after the 2nd Fall, Millenia’s employees swept up the fragments of
the 2nd Panel (see [150] above) and stored the debris in the basement of the
Building. 715

##### Foot Note 715

×

Transcript, 14 July 2015, pp 174–175.

The debris was subsequently inspected by several persons:

(a) On 31 March and 3 April 2011, Arup inspected the debris in the course of
an exercise to piece together the fragments of the 2nd Panel. During this
inspection, Arup found pieces of stone which contained the top left and right
pin holes. Arup also found, among other things, two stainless steel pins. Arup
described the pins in a file note (“Arup’s File Note”) as “possible pins used
for stitching”. 716

##### Foot Note 716

×

Vol 27 BAEIC, AEIC of Derrick Yap Chong Yeow dated 28 February 2014 at DY-6 (p
293); 87AB 69039, 69049.

The photographs taken by Arup do not show PVC sleeves in the debris. During
cross-examination, Mr Chin maintained that Arup did not find PVC sleeves in
the debris. 717

##### Foot Note 717

×

Transcript, 14 July 2015, p 175.

(b) On 1 April 2011, Mr Yang inspected the debris of the 2nd Panel. In Mr
Yang’s first expert report, he stated that he found, among other pins, “two
long and thin pins of about 75mm long and 4mm in diameter” in the debris. 718

##### Foot Note 718

×

Vol 9 BAEIC, AEIC of Yang Li dated 15 January 2014 at LY-02, para 301 (p 117).

However, it is not clear whether Mr Yang found PVC sleeves in the debris. In
his first expert report, Mr Yang did not state or deny that he found the
sleeves. Rather, he noted that Meinhardt Façade had found sleeves in the
debris and shown in a report on its inspection of the debris (“Meinhardt’s 2nd
Panel Report”) that the sleeved pins fitted in the pin holes in the 2nd Panel
(see [(c)] below). Mr Yang stated, however, that the two pins had not been the
top pins of the 2nd Panel on the basis that they were 4mm in diameter and the
restraining pins were 6mm in diameter (see [25] above). He opined that the two
pins were pins that were used to stitch the 2nd Panel during the Rectification
Works. 719

##### Foot Note 719

×

Vol 9 BAEIC, AEIC of Yang Li dated 15 January 2014 at LY-02, paras 302–305 (pp
118–121).

(c) On 5 April 2011, Mr Meur, Mr Ong and Mr Adrianto inspected the debris.
Significantly, this inspection was done in the presence of two representatives
of Millenia and a security camera was also installed in the room. 720

##### Foot Note 720

×

87AB 69129–69143; Vol 20 BAEIC, AEIC of Ong Ching Pau dated 28 February 2014
at para 71.

Mr Meur, Mr Ong and Mr Adrianto found, among other things, two stainless steel
pins and black plastic tubes or sleeves in the debris. According to Mr Meur,
the pins fitted perfectly within the sleeves, and the sleeved pins fitted
perfectly within pin holes in the stone. 721

##### Foot Note 721

×

Vol 19 BAEIC, AEIC of Mathieu Serge Meur dated 6 March 2014 at para 89.

Meinhardt Façade therefore concluded that the pins were the two top pins of
the 2nd Panel, and accordingly stated in Meinhardt’s 2nd Panel Report that
missing pins was not the cause of the 2nd Fall. 722

##### Foot Note 722

×

87AB 69129, 69143.

(d) On 28 June 2013, Mr Lalas inspected the fragments of the 2nd Panel. He
found two stainless steel pins, which were 65mm and 70mm long respectively and
4.8mm thick. He also found two black sleeves with an internal diameter of
5.6mm. Mr Lalas observed in his report that this meant that the sleeves would
fit onto the pins which were of 4.8mm in diameter, but not onto the usual 6mm
pins used to restrain panels. In other words, the two pins and the PVC sleeves
were non-standard. Mr Lalas inserted the pins into the PVC sleeves and found
that the sleeved pins fitted neatly into the pin holes in the granite. He
concluded that the two stainless steel pins found were the two top pins of the
2nd Panel. 723

##### Foot Note 723

×

Vol 16 BAEIC, AEIC of Firouzeh Maniquis and Peter Lalas dated 15 January 2014
at FP-1, Annex 10, paras 193–198.

383 Two stainless steel pins were found by all of the parties who inspected
the debris. I find, contrary to Mr Yang’s opinion (see [382(b)] above), that
these two pins, which were of 70mm in length, were not used to stitch the 2nd
Panel. First, I have found that no rectification works were performed to the
2nd Panel (see [118] above). Therefore, the 2nd Panel would not have been
stitched. Mr Yang accepted during cross-examination that there was no evidence
that the 2nd Panel had been stitched at all. 724

##### Foot Note 724

×

Transcript, 27 June 2016, p 127.

Secondly, in any event, the evidence was that panels were stitched using
plates rather than pins (see [316] above).

384 Notably, however, Arup did not find PVC sleeves in the debris whereas Mr
Meur, Mr Ong, Mr Adrianto and Mr Lalas did. Having considered the evidence, I
find it unlikely that Mr Meur, Mr Ong and Mr Adrianto introduced the PVC
sleeves into the debris during their inspection on 5 April 2011. I note that
the inspection was witnessed by representatives of Millenia and there was a
security camera in the room (see [382(c)] above). Moreover, the photographs in
Arup’s File Note only purported to show some of the items gathered with the
fragments of the 2nd Panel: they were not a comprehensive photographic record
of the debris. 725

##### Foot Note 725

×

Vol 27 BAEIC, AEIC of Derrick Yap Chong Yeow dated 28 February 2014 at DY-6 (p
293).

I thus find on balance that the PVC sleeves were in the debris all along.

385 In the light of these findings and the evidence that the two pins, when
inserted into the PVC sleeves, fit into the two top pin holes of the 2nd
Panel, I find that these two pins were the top pins of the 2nd Panel.

386 Secondly, the 2nd Panel was inspected before the 2nd Fall. The results of
these inspections indicate that the 2nd Panel was installed with two top pins:

(a) In 2004, after the 1st Fall, Arup inspected Drop 80, the drop from which
the 2nd Panel fell. Arup did not find any panels on Drop 80 with missing top
pins. 726

##### Foot Note 726

×

Transcript, 14 May 2015, pp 31–32.

Further, Mr Clarke of Arup, who was involved in preparing Arup’s 2nd 2004
Report, 727

##### Foot Note 727

×

Vol 23 BAEIC, AEIC of Stuart Clarke dated 27 February 2014 at para 83.

admitted that Arup inspected the 2nd Panel specifically in 2004 and did not
find any defects on the 2nd Panel. 728

##### Foot Note 728

×

Transcript, 14 May 2015, p 53.

I note that Mr Clarke also suggested that epoxy or Maxbond may have obscured
Arup’s view of missing top pins. 729

##### Foot Note 729

×

Transcript, 14 May 2015, p 71.

However, Mr Clarke accepted that whenever Arup found, during its inspection of
the 8 Drops in 2004, that Maxbond had been applied to a panel, it took a
photograph of the affected panel and included it in Arup’s 2nd 2004 Report.
730

##### Foot Note 730

×

Transcript, 14 May 2015, pp 32–33.

There was no photograph of the 2nd Panel in Arup’s 2004 Report. On balance,
therefore, I do not accept that the 2nd Panel had missing top pins whose
absence was obscured by epoxy or Maxbond.

(b) In December 2006, Millenia engaged Earth Arts to inspect the Cladding (see
[63] above). Critically, Earth Arts inspected the 2nd Panel and made a comment
in its report regarding the top left pin of the panel. Earth Arts noted that
the pin was “only in 5mm” and the panel was loose. 731

##### Foot Note 731

×

73AB 57715, 57729.

It is clear from this, and I find, that Earth Arts found at least one top pin,
the top left pin, on the 2nd Panel.

387 Thirdly, Mr Yang, Millenia’s own expert, did not endorse the No Top Pins
Thesis. In his report, Mr Yang emphasised that there was no evidence that a
half pin was used to restrain the panel above the 2nd Panel (see [155(a)]
above). 732

##### Foot Note 732

×

Vol 9 BAEIC, AEIC of Yang Li dated 15 January 2014 at LY-02, para 322 (p 129).

By contrast, the panel above the 1st Panel was restrained by a half pin (see
[47(b)] above). Mr Yang observed that it was “difficult to understand how an
installer would have left both the fallen panel and the panel above unsecured
and simply use[d] epoxy to stick on the panel”. In other words, Mr Yang found
it difficult to believe that a stone installer would have been so cavalier as
to leave two panels without adequate restraints. He accordingly opined that it
was “difficult to conclude” that the 2nd Panel was an infill panel (in the
sense of a panel that was installed without pins being fixed into its top
edge).

388 Fourthly, significantly, Mr Chin admitted that over four inspections of
the Cladding, including the 100% Inspection after the 2nd Fall, Arup did not
find a single panel with missing top pins (besides the 1st Panel). 733

##### Foot Note 733

×

Transcript, 14 July 2015, p 182.

The four inspections were the inspection of the 8 Drops in 2004 (see [54]
above), the inspection of 20 drops in 2007 (see [62] above), Arup’s
“representative inspection” in early 2010 (see [135] above) and Arup’s 100%
Inspection (see [152] above). I would also add that the Reclad Report did not
state that any other panels with missing top pins were found. This evidence is
important for the following reason. Arup was the principal proponent of the No
Top Pins Thesis. A key plank of this hypothesis, however, was that it was
impossible to install infill panels with their top pins (see [49] and [155(b)]
above). If that were true, one would have expected other panels to have been
found with missing top pins. The problem would have been a more widespread
issue. Yet no other panels with missing top pins were found. This indicates
that contrary to Arup’s hypothesis, apart from the 1st Panel, infill panels
were installed with top pins, and, on balance, I so find. Once that is
accepted, a vital premise of the No Top Pins Thesis – it was impossible to
install infill panels with top pins – falls away.

389 For all of these reasons, I do not accept the No Top Pins Thesis.

The Stacking Thesis

390 According to Mr Yang, “the most probable cause” of the 2nd Fall is that
stacking caused cracks in the body of the panel or around its top pin holes.
734

##### Foot Note 734

×

Joint Expert Report of Façade Experts dated 22 February 2016 at p 49 (S/N
10.3).

However, I do not accept the Stacking Thesis for the following reason.

391 As I have noted, the brackets were strong enough to take the weight of two
panels (see [234] above). In this regard, Mr Yang opined that cracks and chips
would form on panels if “there are more than 2 panels that are stacked on top
of each other with no movement joints” [emphasis added]. 735

##### Foot Note 735

×

Joint Expert Report of Façade Experts dated 22 February 2016 at p 27 (S/N
6.8).

I find on this basis that stacking would only have caused cracks or chips on
the 2nd Panel if panels 40, 41 and 42 (the 2nd Panel) on drop 80 were stacked
together. If panels 41 and 42 had been stacked together, but not panels 40 and
41, stacking would not have caused cracks in the body of the 2nd Panel or near
its top pin holes.

392 I find, however, that panels 40 and 41 were not stacked together:

(a) First, during the witness conferencing, Mr Jeyaretnam showed Mr Yang
photographs of panels 40 and 41 which Arup had taken during the 100%
Inspection. 736

##### Foot Note 736

×

4D-5 (photograph 20).

Mr Yang admitted that the photographs showed a gap of about 1mm between the
tongue of the shaft between panels 40 and 41. 737

##### Foot Note 737

×

Transcript, 27 June 2016, p 134.

Panels 40 and 41 were not stacked together.

(b) Secondly, in the elevation mark-ups reflecting Arup’s observations during
the 100% Inspection, it was recorded that Arup had observed a “narrow gap”
between panels 40 and 41 on drop 80. 738

##### Foot Note 738

×

106AB 84169–84170.

By contrast, Arup recorded that it had observed “stacking joints” between
panels 32 and 33 and panels 52 and 53. This indicates that Arup did not
observe that panels 40 and 41 were stacked together.

393 Accordingly, I do not accept the Stacking Thesis: even if panels 41 and 42
were stacked together, such stacking would not have caused the 2nd Fall.

The BMU Thesis

394 As I have noted (see [362] above), leaving aside panel 1-25-42-R, there is
scant evidence that BMU impacts caused the defects in the Cladding. First,
there were no reports of a BMU damaging the Façade. Secondly, there was scant
evidence of improper use of the BMU, before the 2nd Fall, that could have
caused the defects. These same two factors indicate that the 2nd Panel did not
sustain an impact from the BMU that caused the 2nd Fall.

395 However, in this context, there are two additional points. First,
Meinhardt Façade notes that the panel which I have found was damaged by a BMU
impact (panel 1-25-42-R) was on the same level as the 2nd Panel and in a drop
adjacent to drop 80. 739

##### Foot Note 739

×

Meinhardt Façade’s closing submissions at para 585.

Yet in my view, it cannot be safely inferred from this that the 2nd Panel was
also damaged by a BMU impact. It is speculative to suppose that because a
panel on the same level in an adjacent drop was damaged by a BMU, the same was
true of the 2nd Panel. Notably, notwithstanding his view that panel 1-25-42-R
was damaged by a BMU, Mr Hartog opined that the 2nd Fall was not caused by a
BMU impact. 740

##### Foot Note 740

×

Vol 32 BAEIC, AEIC of Peter Hartog dated 26 February 2014 at PH-1, para 6.19.

I accept his view for the reasons he gave.

396 Secondly, the BMU Thesis would have been more difficult to discount if
there had been no evidence of any issue with the 2nd Panel before the 2nd
Fall. However, when Earth Arts inspected the 2nd Panel in 2007, it observed
that the pin was “only in 5mm” and the panel was loose. Applying Occam’s razor
leads to the conclusion that it was a problem with the 2nd Panel related to
Earth Arts’ observations in 2007, rather than an impact from a BMU, which
caused the 2nd Fall. Further, I note that it is undisputed that a BMU impact
would have caused cracks on a panel; it would not have caused a pin to become
insufficiently embedded or a panel to become shaky. In other words, a BMU
impact would not have led to the issues with the 2nd Panel which Earth Arts
noted in 2007.

397 I therefore do not accept that the 2nd Fall was caused by a BMU impact.

The Lack of Maintenance Thesis

398 I do not accept the Lack of Maintenance Thesis, for the same reasons why I
have rejected it in relation to the cause of the defects (see [363] above).

My further findings

399 Notably, despite the fact that the parties raised different theses
regarding the cause of the 2nd Fall, there was ultimately some convergence
between the façade experts on this topic. I now set out the relevant evidence:

(a) Mr Hartog noted that the bottom pins of the 2nd Panel were bent outwards
(see [155(c)] above). He inferred from this that it was “more than likely”
that the 2nd Panel had rotated outwards and fallen from the Façade in one
piece. 741

##### Foot Note 741

×

Transcript, 28 June 2016, pp 112–113.

He opined that the cause of the 2nd Fall was that the 2nd Panel “had come
loose, that its restraints at the top edge had, for whatever reason, failed”
[emphasis added]. Critically, Mr Hartog’s evidence in this regard went
unchallenged.

(b) Mr Lalas agreed with Mr Hartog that the 2nd Panel fell out of the Cladding
“substantially in one piece”. He opined that the likely cause of the 2nd Fall
was “critical cracks around the top pins or across the top of the panel”, 742

##### Foot Note 742

×

Joint Expert Report of Façade Experts dated 22 February 2016 at p 49 (S/N
10.3).

and spoke during the trial of “unseen cracking”. 743

##### Foot Note 743

×

Transcript, 29 June 2016, p 104.

(c) Mr Yang opined that the most likely cause of the 2nd Fall was chips on the
back of the 2nd Panel at the area of its top pins. 744

##### Foot Note 744

×

Transcript, 27 June 2016, pp 130–131 and pp 137–138.

In short, Mr Hartog, Mr Lalas and Mr Yang agreed that the most likely cause of
the 2nd Fall was some failure at the top edge of the panel.

400 Furthermore, Mr Hartog’s evidence regarding the cause of the 2nd Fall was
corroborated by undisputed aspects of Arup’s 1st 2004 Report.

(a) First, in that Report, Arup noted that the lower pins of the 1st Panel
were bent outwards and opined that this occurred when the 1st Panel rotated
outwards before falling from the Façade (see [47(c)] above). This accorded
with Mr Hartog’s account of why the lower pins of the 2nd Panel were bent
outwards.

(b) Secondly, in gist, Arup’s explanation of why the 1st Panel rotated
outwards was that it had not been adequately restrained along its top edge.
This was the same explanation that Mr Hartog gave as to why the 2nd Panel
rotated outwards and then fell from the Cladding.

401 In this light, I find that the primary cause of the 2nd Fall was that the
restraints at the top edge of the 2nd Panel failed. More precisely, in view of
my finding that the 2nd Panel was installed with top pins, the primary cause
of the 2nd Fall was that those top pins failed to adequately restrain the 2nd
Panel. The 2nd Panel was therefore able to rotate outwards, bending the lower
pins of the 2nd Panel in the process, before falling from the Cladding.

402 I now make the following findings regarding the 2nd Fall:

(a) In 2007, Earth Arts inspected the 2nd Panel and noted that:

(i) the top left pin was “only in 5mm”, which I find means that the pin was
only embedded into the top left pin hole of the 2nd Panel by 5mm, when it
should have been 30mm (see [313] above); and

(ii) the panel was shaky.

(b) The 2nd Panel was installed with the two pins that were found in the
debris. These pins were not the normal pins which were 70mm long and 6mm in
diameter (see [25] above). Instead, they were of a smaller diameter, either
4mm (according to Mr Yang) or 4.8mm (according to Mr Lalas) (see [382(b)] and
[382(d)] above). The top pins were thus undersized and in breach of the
specifications. They were inserted into PVC sleeves with an internal diameter
of 5.6mm (see [382(d)] above).

(c) The specifications provided for the top pin holes to be 8mm in diameter,
to contain a PVC sleeve that was 1mm thick, which was to hold a pin that was
6mm in diameter (see [314(a)] above).

(d) As far as I am aware, the top pin holes of the 2nd Panel were not measured
by any party who inspected the panel before the 2nd Fall, or the debris after
the 2nd Fall. But it is very likely, and I find, that they were at least 8mm
in diameter. Critically, there is no evidence (I am aware of) that any pin
holes were undersized. As noted above, most of the pin holes, which were
drilled in the factory, would have been of the correct size, ie, 8mm in
diameter. But there were some pin holes that were oversized: these were those
drilled on site (see [298] above).

(e) The undersized top pins of the 2nd Panel were loose in their pin holes.
The 2nd Panel was therefore found to be shaky by Earth Arts when it inspected
the 2nd Panel in 2007 (see [(a)(ii)] above). Moreover, and significantly,
there was insufficient embedment of the top left pin into the pin hole (see
[(a)(i)] above).

(f) Because its top pins were loose, the 2nd Panel rattled forwards and
backwards and consequently, cracks or chips formed around the top pins on the
back of the 2nd Panel (see my finding at [301] above).

(g) The cracks or chips at the back of the panel eventually gave way and as a
result, the top pins of the 2nd Panel failed to adequately restrain it (see
[245] above). The 2nd Panel therefore came loose from its top fixings and
rotated outwards before falling off the Building.

403 For completeness, I note that during the trial, Mr Jeyaretnam suggested to
Mr Yang – rather valiantly, I thought – that the photograph of the pieced-
together 2nd Panel indicated that there was no chip at the top left pin area
on the back of the 2nd Panel. Mr Yang said the photograph did not clearly
indicate that there was no chip. 745

##### Foot Note 745

×

Transcript, 27 June 2016, p 139.

Having reviewed the photograph, 746

##### Foot Note 746

×

Vol 27 BAEIC, AEIC of Derrick Yap Chong Yeow dated 28 February 2014 at DY-3 (p
270).

I agree with Mr Yang.

404 I now turn to Millenia’s claims against Dragages and Builders Shop.

Millenia’s claims against Dragages and Builders Shop

405 Millenia brings claims against Dragages and Builders Shop in contract and
tort. I turn first to the duties Dragages and Builders Shop owed to Millenia.

What duties did Dragages and Builders Shop owe Millenia?

The contractual duties

406 I hold that Dragages owed, inter alia, the following duties to Millenia
under the express terms of the Contract: 747

##### Foot Note 747

×

60AB 47582–48000.

(a) Design: To ensure that the design of the Building met Millenia’s
requirements as set out in two contractual documents, the Statement of Owner’s
Intent for Package 11, Office 117B and/or the Owner’s Design Intent (cl 2.6.1
of the Conditions of Contract). This included the design of the cladding
system.

(b) Materials: To use materials of good quality and in conformity with
contractual specifications (cl 21.1.1 of the Conditions of Contract).

(c) Installation: To carry out the Works “in a proper and workmanlike manner”,
with workmanship “of a good standard” (cll 21.1.2 and 21.1.3 of the Conditions
of Contract).

407 I hold that Dragages and Builders Shop owed, inter alia, the following
duties to Millenia under the express terms of the Deed: 748

##### Foot Note 748

×

67AB 52921–52927.

(a) Design: To ensure that reasonable skill and care was used in the design,
that the design complied with the contractual requirements, and that the
design would be fit for its purpose (cl 3(a)–(d)).

(b) Materials: To ensure that the materials used for the Works and Sub-
contract Works were “the best of their respective kinds of merchantable
quality, free of defects and fit for the purposes for which they are intended”
(cl 2(a)).

(c) Works: To “at all times use skill, care and diligence” in the performance,
execution, completion and maintenance of the Works and Sub-contract Works (cl
1(b)), and to ensure that the Works and Sub-contract Works were “free of
defects and fit for the purposes for which they [were] intended” (cll 2(b) and
3(d)).

As I have noted, the Warranty Period was from 27 September 1997 to 26
September 2012 (see [29(a)] above).

408 I hold that Dragages and Builders Shop owed the following duties to
Millenia under the express terms of the Settlement Agreement:

(a) To appoint Meinhardt Singapore “to carry out a full inspection of the
entire façade of [the Building] (with Meinhardt and Arup at liberty to discuss
and agree on the extent of such inspection)” (cl 1), excluding the 8 Drops
(see [76] above).

(b) To rectify the Identified Defects in accordance with rectification methods
proposed by Meinhardt and approved by Arup (cl 6).

(c) To ensure that the Rectification Works were, inter alia, carried out in a
good workmanlike manner, complied with the contractual specifications, were of
a permanent nature, and were carried out on the terms and conditions set out
in cll 1–3 of the Deed for the remainder of the Warranty Period (cll 12 and
13). In particular, I hold that under cl 13 of the Settlement Agreement read
with cl 2(b) and 3(d) of the Deed (see [407(c)] above), Dragages and Builders
Shop owed duties to (1) exercise reasonable care in performing and executing
the Rectification Works and (2) ensure the Rectification Works were fit for
their purposes.

409 I hold that the Contract contains an implied warranty that the Building
would be reasonably fit for its purpose, ie, as Millenia submits, to serve as
“an office building that allows its occupants to enter and exit safely”. 749

##### Foot Note 749

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 468; Millenia’s SOC at para 8.

Notably, Dragages accepts that it was under this obligation (though it makes
submissions on the scope of the obligation which I will address below). 750

##### Foot Note 750

×

Dragages’ reply submissions at para 772.

A warranty of fitness for purpose is readily implied where three conditions
are fulfilled (see Stephen Furst QC and Sir Vivian Ramsey, Keating on
Construction Contracts (Sweet & Maxwell, 10th Ed, 2016) (“Keating”) at para
3–078):

(a) “the employer makes known to the contractor the particular purpose for
which the work is to be done”;

(b) “the work is of a kind which the contractor holds itself out as
performing”; and

(c) “the circumstances show that the employer relied on the contractor’s skill
and judgment in the matter”.

All three conditions are met. First, Dragages knew that the Building was to be
an office building (this was clearly stated in the first recital to the
Contract). 751

##### Foot Note 751

×

60AB 47582, 47584.

Secondly, Dragages holds itself out as a party who designs and builds office
buildings: that is its business (see [8] above). Thirdly, Millenia plainly
relied on Dragages’ exercise of care and skill in designing and constructing
the Building.

410 Millenia submits that the Deed and the Settlement Agreement contain
similar implied warranties of fitness of purpose. 752

##### Foot Note 752

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 490.

I note, however, that the Deed contains express warranties that the design of
the Building and the Works would be fit for their purposes (see [407(a)] and
[407(c)] above). Similarly, under the Settlement Agreement, Dragages and
Builders Shop owed an express duty to ensure the Rectification Works were fit
for their purpose (see [408(c)] above). In this light, in my judgment, there
is no gap in either the Deed or the Settlement Agreement to be filled by
implied warranties of fitness of purpose. I therefore do not accept Millenia’s
submission that there were such implied warranties.

411 Dragages does not appear to deny that it owed the aforementioned duties to
Millenia. However, Dragages submits that its obligations “do not extend to
external factors outside the contract specifications”. 753

##### Foot Note 753

×

Dragages’ reply submissions at p 386.

(a) First, Dragages submits that its warranties of fitness for purpose under
the Contract and the Deed do not extend to ensuring that the Building could
withstand three factors: 754

##### Foot Note 754

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at paras 364–367, 371–376, 385–392

(i) vibrations generated by MRT works carried out in the immediate vicinity of
the Building;

(ii) improper use of the BMU and installation gondola; and

(iii) lack of proper maintenance of the Façade by Millenia.

(b) Secondly, Dragages submits that the Contract and the Deed contain an
implied term that it “is not liable for any defects [and/or] failure arising
from abnormal and unforeseen circumstances”. 755

##### Foot Note 755

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at paras 393–397.

412 I note at the outset that these submissions do not take Dragages very far.
I have found that (1) vibrations were at most a minor contributory cause of
the defects (see [331]–[332] and [335] above) and the 2nd Fall (see [379]
above); (2) improper use of the BMU did not cause the defects besides cracks
on one panel (see [361]–[362] above), nor did it cause the 2nd Fall (see [397]
above); and (3) lack of maintenance did not cause the defects (see [363]
above) or the 2nd Fall (see [398] above). In other words, I have found that
the defects and the 2nd Fall were not (primarily) caused by abnormal
circumstances or external factors that fall outside Dragages’ and Builders
Shop’s contractual obligations. It is therefore academic whether Dragages’
duties were subject to the limitations it relies on, because those limitations
do not apply on the facts of this case and given my findings.

413 However, for completeness, I state my views on Dragages’ submissions. I
accept the submissions noted at [411(a)(ii)]–[411(a)(iii)] above: I agree that
Dragages’ warranties did not extend to ensuring that the Building was proof
against improper use of the BMU/gondola and a lack of proper maintenance.
Again, this does not assist Dragages, given the facts of this case.

414 I do not entirely accept the submission noted at [411(a)(i)] above.

(a) First, during the trial, I put it to the vibration experts, and they
agreed, that in a dense city state such as Singapore, a building is not
designed and built on the basis that there will not be any construction
activity around the Building. The vibrations experts also agreed that MRT
works are common in Singapore and “there are lines running around in fairly
comprehensive coverage … all going near existing buildings”. 756

##### Foot Note 756

×

Transcript, 15 September 2015, p 152.

(b) Secondly, the evidence of Mr Lalas, Mr Keithly and Mr Hartog was that once
a building was built, the subsequent contractor would bear the burden of
ensuring it was not damaged by construction activity. 757

##### Foot Note 757

×

Transcript, 22 September 2015, pp 95–100.

I accept this. However, Mr Keithly and Mr Hartog also agreed that the
(earlier) building would nonetheless be designed to have a certain degree of
robustness. Mr Hartog’s evidence, which I accept, was that the robustness
would be “based on what was required without taking into account future
unforeseeable construction” [emphasis added].

In this light, I hold that Dragages’ and Builders Shop’s warranties did extend
to ensuring that the Building would be able to withstand foreseeable
vibrations generated by construction activity, including MRT works, in the
vicinity of the Building, which was carried out with reasonable care
consistent with prevailing engineering and industry standards. This activity
should have been accounted for in the design and construction of the Building.

415 As I understand Dragages’ position, it does not dispute this proposition.
Dragages emphasises that there were “massive and extensive MRT construction
works in the immediate vicinity of the Building” [emphasis added]. 758

##### Foot Note 758

×

Dragages’ reply submissions at para 9(1).

In other words, Dragages’ case is that the particular vibration-generating
activity here was unforeseeable and unforeseen: in Mr Ho’s words, it was a
“completely different [creature]”. 759

##### Foot Note 759

×

Dragages’ reply submissions at para 781; Transcript, 24 February 2017, pp
42–43.

I reject Mr Ho’s submission because there is scant evidence that the
construction activities Dragages relies on – the piling works at Entrance 5/5A
of the Promenade Station and the breaking of the diaphragm wall – generated
vibrations that caused the defects. The evidence before me shows normal
foreseeable construction activity that the Building should have been able to
withstand. There were no abnormal or abnormally strong vibrations during these
periods of construction activity.

416 Finally, I do not agree that the Contract and the Deed contain the implied
term that Dragages contends for (see [411(b)] above). First, as Millenia
submits, Dragages did not plead this implied term. 760

##### Foot Note 760

×

Millenia’s reply submissions at para 292.

Secondly, I find that the proposed term does not satisfy the business efficacy
and officious bystander tests which apply at the second and third steps of the
framework set out in Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another
and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193 (“Sembcorp Marine”) at [101].

The tortious duties

417 Millenia submits that Dragages and Builders Shop owed it the following
duties of care in tort: 761

##### Foot Note 761

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 491.

(a) Dragages owed Millenia a duty of care in relation to the Works, in
particular in designing and installing the Façade and using materials for the
Works;

(b) Builders Shop owed Millenia a duty of care in relation to the Sub-contract
Works, in particular in installing the Façade and using materials for the Sub-
contract Works; and

(c) Dragages and Builders Shop owed Millenia a duty of care in performing the
Rectification Works.

418 In Go Dante Yap v Bank Austria Creditanstalt AG [2011] 4 SLR 559 (“Go
Dante Yap”), the Court of Appeal noted at [20] that where “the parties have …
negotiated an obligation on one of them to exercise care and skill in the
exercise of his rights or duties under the contract, it is entirely possible
that an identical duty of care could exist in … tort”. The Court of Appeal
observed that in such a case, there may be sufficient proximity between the
parties to ground a duty of care in the absence of policy considerations
militating against the same. A duty of care would therefore arise under the
test in Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency
[2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“Spandeck”).

419 Here, Dragages and Builders Shop owed Millenia a contractual duty of care
in relation to the Works and Sub-contract Works under cl 1(b) of the Deed (see
[407(c)] above), which duty of care also applied to the Rectification Works
under cl 13 of the Settlement Agreement (see [408(c)] above). I am satisfied
that no policy considerations militate against the imposition of a concurrent
duty of care in tort. I therefore hold that Dragages and Builders Shop owed
Millenia the duties of care set out in [417(a)]–[417(c)] above. Notably,
Dragages accepts that it owed Millenia the duties of care in tort referred to
above. 762

##### Foot Note 762

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at paras 1039 and 1045.

420 However, Dragages submits that its duty of care did not require it to
ensure that the Building was proof against external factors such as vibrations
from the MRT Works, which were not foreseeable. 763

##### Foot Note 763

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at para 1034(1).

Dragages submits that its duties in tort are co-extensive with its contractual
duties which did not extend to ensuring the Façade was proof against external
factors. 764

##### Foot Note 764

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at paras 1036 and 1046.

This argument is old wine in a new bottle: I have dealt with Dragages’
submissions on the scope of its contractual duties above. I hold that
Dragages’ and Builders Shop’s duties of care did not extend to ensuring the
Façade was proof against improper use of the BMU or gondola and a lack of
proper maintenance (see [413] above). However, I do not accept that Dragages
and Builders Shop would have fulfilled their duty of care if the Works, Sub-
contract Works and Rectification Works were carried out with no account for
foreseeable construction activity, including MRT works, near the Building (see
[414] above).

421 I now turn to the issue of breach.

Did Dragages and Builders Shop breach their duties?

422 Mr Singh made the following three submissions on the issue of breach: 765

##### Foot Note 765

×

Transcript, 23 February 2017, p 62.

(a) First, the Façade was unsafe. It was therefore not fit for purpose. Hence,
Dragages and Builders Shop breached their duties to ensure that the Façade was
fit for purpose. 766

##### Foot Note 766

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 492; Transcript, 23 February 2017, pp
5–6, 61–62.

(b) Secondly, the doctrine of res ipsa loquitur applies to establish a prima
facie case that Dragages and Builders Shop breached their duties of care to
Millenia. 767

##### Foot Note 767

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 513.

(c) Thirdly, in any event, there is overwhelming evidence that Dragages and
Builders Shop breached their duties to Millenia. 768

##### Foot Note 768

×

Transcript, 23 February 2017, pp 63–64; Millenia’s closing submissions at
paras 211–212, 233, 245, 254–256, 260–264, 310–315, 455–456, 462–467.

423 I will focus on Mr Singh’s first and third submissions. As to his second
submission, I note that res ipsa loquitur is “a rule of evidence that enables
a plaintiff to establish a prima facie case of negligence in the event that
there is insufficient direct evidence to establish the cause of the accident”:
Grace Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd v Te Deum Engineering Pte Ltd [2018] 1
SLR 76 at [39]. Res ipsa loquitur does not apply where the cause of the
accident is known. I have made positive findings on the cause of the defects
(see [331]–[332] and [371] above). In other words, the cause of the defects is
known. The doctrine of res ipsa loquitur therefore does not apply.

Contractual duties to ensure fitness for purpose

424 I have found, based on the objective evidence and the evidence of the
façade experts, including Mr Lalas, that the Façade was unsafe before the
Reclad (see [225(a)] above). I find on this basis that the Facade was not fit
for its purpose before the Reclad.

425 I find that the fact that the Façade was not fit for purpose was not due
to external factors or abnormal circumstances falling outside the contractual
duties of Dragages and Builders Shop (see [412] above).

426 I therefore make the following findings:

(a) Dragages breached its implied duty under the Contract to ensure that the
Building was fit for its purpose (see [409] above).

(b) Dragages and Builders Shop breached their express duties under the Deed to
ensure that the Works and Sub-contract Works were fit for their purposes (see
[407(c)] above).

(c) Dragages and Builders Shop breached their express duties under cl 13 of
the Settlement Agreement read with the Deed to ensure that the Rectification
Works were fit for their purpose (see [408(c)] above).

Contractual duties regarding design, materials and installation

(1) Design

427 I find that Dragages breached its duty under the Deed to ensure that
reasonable care and skill was used in the design and that the design was fit
for its purpose (see [407(a)] above), in that the design did not provide for
certain half pins to be welded though this should have been required (see
[328] above).

(2) Materials

428 I have found that components made of non-AISI Type 316 stainless steel
were used to secure brackets and shafts (DT4 and DT7). This was a departure
from the contractual specifications which required use of AISI Type 316
stainless steel, and also gave rise to a real safety risk (see [273]–[275]
above).

429 I therefore make the following findings:

(a) Dragages breached its duty under the Contract to use materials of good
quality and complying with specifications (see [406(b)] above).

(b) Dragages and Builders Shop breached their duty under the Deed to ensure
that the materials used for the Works and Sub-contract Works were the best of
their respective kinds of merchantable quality and fit for their intended
purposes (see [407(b)] above).

(3) Installation

430 I have made the following findings:

(a) DT1: There were oversized pin holes on some panels. This gave rise to a
real safety risk (see [298] and [300]–[301] above).

(b) DT3: Some anchor bolts were insufficiently or excessively embedded into
the RC wall. This gave rise to a risk of stacking and thus presented a real
safety risk (see [281] above).

(c) DT8: Nuts and washers were mounted onto shafts supporting some panels. In
cases where the shafts were installed in contact with the panels below, this
gave rise to a risk of stacking and thus amounted to a real safety risk (see
[259] above).

(d) DT10: There were insufficient or no movement joints between some panels,
in breach of the design. Many cases of DT10 arose because the panels were not
installed with the required movement joints (see [332] above). Where there
were no movement joints, this gave rise to a real safety risk (see [253]–[254]
above).

(e) DT17: Some pins were insufficiently embedded into the pin holes. Depending
on the embedment depth, this may have given rise to the risk of cracks forming
around the pins if there were no PVC sleeves around the pins, and the risk of
pins disengaging from the panels (see [314] above).

431 I therefore make the following further findings:

(a) Dragages breached its duty under the Contract to carry out the Works in a
proper workmanlike manner with workmanship of a good standard (see [406(c)]
above).

(b) Dragages and Builders Shop breached their duties under the Deed to (1)
take care in performing and executing the Works and Sub-Contract Works and (2)
to ensure the Works and Sub-contract Works were free of defects and fit for
their purposes (see [407(c)] above).

Contractual duties regarding the Rectification Works

432 I find that Dragages and Builders Shop breached their duties under the
Settlement Agreement in carrying out the Rectification Works:

(a) I find that Dragages and Builders Shop breached their duties under cll 12
and 13 of the Settlement Agreement (see [408(c)] above).

(i) Many defects were not rectified: cracked panels (DT13: see [241] above),
panels with cracks or chips at pin areas (DT14a: see [247] above), panels with
narrow or no movement joints (DT10: see [256] above), panels with nuts or
washers mounted onto shafts (DT8: see [261] above), rusty components (DT4 and
DT7: see [276] above), improperly embedded anchor bolts (DT3: see [282]
above), oversized pin holes/shaky panels (DT1 and DT15: see [302] above), and
insufficiently embedded pins (DT17: see [313] above).

(ii) The silicone setting blocks (DT9a), which were inserted during the
Rectification Works, were used across more than two vertically adjacent panels
in a row. Additionally, the blocks were not removed, giving rise to a risk of
stacking and thus a real safety risk which was not completely addressed (see
[265]–[268] above).

(b) I find that Dragages and Builders Shop breached cl 6 of the Settlement
Agreement in departing from the Rectification Works Method Statement by
adopting the Stitching Procedure.

Duties of care in tort

433 I find on the basis of the facts noted in [427], [428], [430] and [432]
above that Dragages and Builders Shop breached the duties of care in tort to
Millenia set out at [417(a)]–[417(c)] above.

Did the breaches cause Millenia to suffer loss?

434 I find that the aforementioned breaches by Dragages and Builders Shop of
their duties to Millenia caused Millenia to suffer loss, namely:

(a) the cost of rectifying or replacing the Cladding; and

(b) various losses flowing from the 2nd Fall (for my findings and the cause,
see [402] above).

435 I will determine the quantum of these losses in the second tranche of
these proceedings.

436 I now turn to the issue of compromise.

Are Millenia’s causes of action compromised?

437 Dragages and Builders Shop contend that Millenia’s causes of action in
respect of the defects are compromised (see [176(c)] above). To be clear, it
is undisputed that Millenia’s causes of action for (1) breach of the
Settlement Agreement and (2) negligent performance of the Rectification Works
have not been compromised. The issue here is whether Millenia’s causes of
action based on the mere presence of the defects – as opposed to the failure
to properly rectify the defects – have been compromised. For brevity, in
addressing this issue, I will refer to the causes of action in question as
“Millenia’s causes of action”.

The parties’ submissions

438 Millenia submits that its causes of action have not been compromised.
Millenia’s submission is founded on two premises: 769

##### Foot Note 769

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 519; Millenia’s reply submissions at
para 357.

(a) First, the Settlement Agreement effected a conditional discharge of
Millenia’s causes of action. The discharge of Millenia’s causes of action was
conditional upon Dragages and Builders Shop performing their duties under the
Settlement Agreement. Millenia emphasises that Ms Perez apparently agreed
during cross-examination that if Dragages and Builders Shop did not perform
the Settlement Agreement, there would be no release of Millenia’s claims. 770

##### Foot Note 770

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 520; Transcript, 30 April 2014 at pp
110–111.

(b) Secondly, Dragages and Builders Shop did not perform their duties under
the Settlement Agreement.

439 Dragages does not appear to challenge the first premise of Millenia’s
submission (see [438(a)] above). In particular, Dragages does not deny that
the Settlement Agreement effected a conditional discharge of Millenia’s causes
of action. Rather, Dragages challenges the second prong of Millenia’s argument
(see [438(b)] above), contending that it adequately rectified the defects and
thus (substantially) performed its duties under the Settlement Agreement. 771

##### Foot Note 771

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at p 359 (Section H heading) and para 623;
Dragages’ reply submissions at para 820.

440 By contrast, Builders Shop challenges the first premise of Millenia’s
submission, submitting that Millenia’s causes of action were compromised upon
the execution of the Settlement Agreement. In gist, Builders Shop’s case is
that the Settlement Agreement effected an unconditional discharge of
Millenia’s causes of action. Builders Shop submits that to the extent the
defects were not properly rectified, Millenia’s only recourse would be to sue
for breach of the Settlement Agreement. Millenia may not revive its original
causes of action. 772

##### Foot Note 772

×

Builders Shop’s closing submissions at paras 49 and 50.

441 Two issues therefore arise for determination:

(a) The nature of the discharge: Did the Settlement Agreement effect an
unconditional discharge of Millenia’s causes of actions, or a discharge
conditioned on Dragages’ and Builders Shop’s performance of their duties under
the Settlement Agreement?

(b) The scope of the discharge: In the light of the answer to [(a)], to what
extent, if any, have Millenia’s causes of action been discharged?

The nature of the discharge

442 In Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and others v Yeo Boong Hua and others
and another appeal and other matters [2017] 2 SLR 12 (“Turf Club”), the Court
of Appeal noted at [152(c)] that a settlement agreement generally has the
effect of “[superseding] the original cause of action altogether”. However,
the Court of Appeal recognised a caveat to this general rule at [154]:

The only caveat to this would be where the settlement agreement itself permits
recourse to the original claim in the event of a breach of its terms. If so,
and if a breach is subsequently committed, the innocent party may then proceed
with the original claim (see the observations of the High Court in The Dilmun
Fulmar [2004] 1 SLR(R) 140 at [7] that an agreement of compromise would
discharge all original claims and counterclaims unless it expressly provides
for their revival in the event of breach … [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

The court then held that the relevant consent order had “unequivocally and
immediately compromised” the consolidated suits in respect of which it was
made. The court noted that (1) the order did not expressly provide for the
revival of the original claims in the event of a breach and (2) the clear
language of the clause militated against interpreting the compromise of the
suits as conditioned on the parties’ performance of the terms of the order:
see Turf Club at [156].

443 David Foskett, Foskett on Compromise (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2015)
(“Foskett”) states the following at paras 8–02, 8–04 and 8–07:

Given the normal meaning, purpose and effect of a compromise, the natural
inference is that the parties’ common intention is that the compromise will
henceforth govern their legal relationship in connection with the disputes in
which they have been engaged. Accordingly, those disputes would still be
regarded as “dead” even in the event of the breach of the compromise. …
recourse to the original claims will not be permitted unless, upon a true
construction of the compromise, it is clear that this is what the parties
intended. …

…

… Where there is a clear and unconditional discharge, abandonment or release
of a claim by one party in return for the promised performance by the other of
a series of acts, that original claim can never be revived. Where the
agreement involves merely the suspension of the claim pending the carrying-out
of the acts by the other party then the claim may not be lost forever. …

Generally speaking, therefore, a compromise agreement will discharge all
original claims and counterclaims unless it expressly provides for their
revival in the event of breach.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

444 The following propositions are clear from these passages:

(a) The general effect of a settlement agreement is that the parties’ causes
of action prior to the conclusion of the agreement are discharged, and may not
be revived upon breach of the agreement.

(b) Yet in some cases, the discharge of a party’s causes of action is
conditioned upon the counterparty’s performance of its duties under the
settlement agreement. The causes of action are not discharged upon the
execution of the agreement but suspended pending performance.

(c) It must be clear that the parties intended that they might have recourse
to their original claims for the settlement agreement to be construed to have
the effect noted in [(b)] above. A settlement agreement will generally not be
construed to have that effect unless it expressly provides for the original
claims to be revived upon breach.

445 With these propositions in mind, I turn to the relevant provisions of the
Settlement Agreement which deal with the effect of the same on the parties’
rights and liabilities. The relevant provisions are cll 25 and 26, which
state:

25\. Subject to the Parties’ obligations under this Agreement, each Party
hereby unconditionally and absolutely discharges and releases the other from
all and any debts, claims, demands, liabilities, obligations, disputes,
actions, proceedings, judgments or issues whatsoever that each Party may now,
in the past or in the future have arising from or in connection with the [1st
Fall], [Suit 480] and [Arup’s 2004 Reports].

26\. Nothing herein shall prejudice [Millenia’s] right to bring any claim
against Dragages and/or Builders Shop arising out of or in respect of present
and future defects, where such defects have not been the subject of this
Agreement, nor shall this Agreement affect any rights [Millenia] may have
against Dragages and/or Builders Shop arising out of any other breaches of the
Contract, where such breaches have not been the subject of this Agreement.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

446 In my judgment, it is plain from cl 25 that the Settlement Agreement
effected an unconditional, immediate discharge of Millenia’s causes of action:

(a) First, cl 25 states that the parties to the Settlement Agreement
“unconditionally and absolutely” [emphasis added] discharge and release each
other from, inter alia, claims and liabilities. Clause 25 thus expressly
indicates that the discharge of Millenia’s causes of action was to be
unconditional, and not conditioned upon performance by Dragages and Builders
Shop of their duties under the Settlement Agreement. The opening words of cl
25 – “[s]ubject to the Parties’ obligations” – do not suggest otherwise. This
clause simply indicates that while the causes of action prior to the
Settlement Agreement were discharged, the parties to the Settlement Agreement
acquired new obligations under the Settlement Agreement – which, upon breach,
would give rise to fresh causes of action. The analysis would have been
different if the opening words of cl 25 read “[s]ubject to the discharge of
the Parties’ obligations” or “[s]ubject to the performance of the Parties’
obligations”. However, such words are not used in cl 25.

(b) Secondly, cll 25 and 26 do not expressly provide for Millenia’s causes of
action to be revived on breach by Dragages and Builders Shop of their duties
under the Settlement Agreement (see [444(c)] above).

(c) Thirdly, the issue of whether the Settlement Agreement effected an
unconditional discharge of Millenia’s causes of action is an issue of law. I
therefore do not think that Ms Perez’s apparent concession, which Millenia
emphasises (see [438(a)] above), is very material. In any event, Ms Perez’s
evidence was equivocal. She was asked whether there would be “no release” if
the Settlement Agreement was not performed by Dragages and Builders Shop. Ms
Perez replied that she did not exactly know the meaning of release, but that
she “would generally agree”.

447 For the above reasons, I hold that the Settlement Agreement effected an
unconditional discharge of Millenia’s causes of action.

448 Moreover, even if the Settlement Agreement conditioned the discharge of
Millenia’s causes of action on performance by Dragages and Builders Shop of
their duties under the Settlement Agreement, and Dragages and Builders Shop
breached those duties (as I have found), I would have found that it is not
open to Millenia to sue on their original causes of action.

449 Foskett states the following at para 8-09:

Where an agreement, on its proper construction, does provide for recourse to
the original claim in the event of a breach by the other party, the question
arises as to whether the innocent party is thereby obliged to revert to that
claim or whether he can proceed to enforce the compromise … the most likely
formulation of such an agreement is that [the innocent party] may [revert to
the original claim]. … In this situation it would appear that the innocent
party may elect between reverting to the original claim and pursuing his
rights under the compromise. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

450 In Korea Foreign Insurance Company v Omne Re SA [1999] Lloyd’s Rep IR 509
(“Korea Foreign Insurance”), the parties entered into a settlement agreement
under which the defendant agreed to pay a sum to the claimant in settlement of
the latter’s claims under reinsurance contracts. The English Court of Appeal
held that the agreement, properly construed, entitled the claimant to revive
its original claims if the sum was not paid: see Korea Foreign Insurance at
514 and Foskett at para 8-07 fn 13. The court then considered whether the
claimant was obliged to pursue its original claims upon the defendant’s breach
of the settlement agreement. The court held that upon the defendant’s breach,
the claimant had the right to elect between (1) terminating the agreement and
suing on the original claims and (2) affirming the agreement and suing for
breach of the same. Significantly, the court plainly did not contemplate that
the claimant was entitled to pursue both its original claims and a claim under
the settlement agreement. The court found that the claimant had elected to sue
for breach of the settlement agreement because that was the only claim that
had been brought: see Korea Foreign Insurance at 515.

451 I agree with the analysis in Korea Foreign Insurance. In my judgment,
where a settlement agreement entitles a party to have recourse to its original
claims upon the counterparty’s breach of its duties under the agreement, then
unless the agreement otherwise provides, the innocent party must elect between
(1) terminating the agreement for the counterparty’s repudiatory breach of the
agreement and suing on the original causes of action and (2) suing for breach
of the agreement. The innocent party may not bring both the original causes of
action and an action for breach of the agreement.

452 Millenia has not brought my attention to any evidence that it sought to
terminate the Settlement Agreement. On the contrary, Millenia is suing
Dragages and Builders Shop for breach of the Settlement Agreement. Hence, even
if the Settlement Agreement conditioned the discharge of Millenia’s causes of
action upon performance by Dragages and Builders Shop of their duties
thereunder, I would have found that Millenia cannot now raise its original
causes of action against Dragages and Builders Shop.

The scope of the discharge

453 Up to this point, I have referred to the compromise of “Millenia’s causes
of action”. However, what precisely was compromised?

454 Under cl 25, Dragages and Builders Shop were discharged from “claims …
liabilities, obligations … actions … or issues … arising from or in connection
with the [1st Fall], [Suit 480] and [Arup’s 2004 Reports] (see [445] above).
Clause 26 preserved Millenia’s causes of action based on defects and breaches
of the Contract that were not “the subject of [the Settlement] Agreement”.

455 Therefore, the only causes of action that were compromised were those
based on matters “arising from or in connection with the [1st Fall], [Suit
480] and [Arup’s 2004 Reports]”. It is thus necessary to have regard to the
issues raised in Suit 480 and Arup’s 2004 Reports to identify what was
compromised.

456 In Millenia’s statement of claim in Suit 480, Millenia referred to, inter
alia, the following defects identified in Arup’s 1st 2004 Report, which
defects Millenia has also raised in these proceedings: 773

##### Foot Note 773

×

72AB 57340, 57351–57352 (para 34).

(a) incorrect washers, ie, DT4 and DT7;

(b) incorrect installation of brackets, ie, DT5;

(c) the presence of temporary spacers within horizontal joints, ie, DT8;

(d) the local spalling of stone panels, ie, DT14a (Arup’s 1st 2004 Report
refers to spalling at the position of pins); and

(e) visible hairline cracks to the external surface of panels, ie, DT13.

457 Apart from referring to these defects, Arup’s 1st 2004 Report referred to
the variation of joint widths between panels and Arup’s 2nd 2004 Report
referred to stacking (see [51(a)] and [54(a)] above), ie, DT10.

458 I accordingly find that Millenia’s causes of action based on DT4, DT5,
DT7, DT8, DT10, DT13 and DT14a per se – ie, based on the mere presence of
these defects – were all compromised by the Settlement Agreement. However, as
I have noted, Millenia’s causes of action for the failure to properly rectify
these defects have not been compromised (see [437] above).

459 I now turn to consider whether any of Millenia’s claims are time-barred.

Are Millenia’s claims time-barred?

Dragages’ and Builders Shop’s pleadings on limitation

460 It is trite that a defence of limitation must be pleaded specifically: O
18 r 8 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed). Section 4 of the
Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) (“the Limitation Act”) also provides
that “[n]othing in [the Limitation Act] shall operate as a bar to an action
unless [the Limitation Act] has been expressly pleaded as a defence thereto
…”.

461 Both Dragages and Builders Shop pleaded the defence of limitation.
However, they did not plead that defence to all of Millenia’s claims:

(a) Dragages only pleaded the limitation defence to Millenia’s claims
concerning Dragages’ breach of (1) the Contract and (2) its duty of care in
tort in performing the Works and/or Sub-contract Works. 774

##### Foot Note 774

×

Dragages’ Defence at paras 46F and 48A.

(b) Builders Shop only pleaded the limitation defence to Millenia’s claim that
Builders Shop breached its duty of care in tort to Millenia in performing the
Sub-contract Works. 775

##### Foot Note 775

×

Builders Shop’s Defence and Counterclaim at para 35.

462 Neither Dragages nor Builders Shop pleads that Millenia’s claims against
them for breach of the Deed, breach of the Settlement Agreement and breach of
their duties of care in tort in performing the Rectification Works are time-
barred. I therefore do not consider the defence in respect of those claims. I
address whether (1) Millenia’s claim against Dragages under the Contract and
(2) Millenia’s claims against Dragages and Builders Shop in tort for negligent
performance of the Works and/or Sub-contract Works are time-barred.

Analysis

463 Section 24A of the Limitation Act provides as follows:

Time limits for negligence, nuisance and breach of duty actions in respect of
latent injuries and damage

24A.—(1) This section shall apply to any action for damages for negligence,
nuisance or breach of duty (whether the duty exists by virtue of a contract or
of a provision made by or under any written law or independently of any
contract or any such provision).

…

(3) An action to which this section applies, other than one referred to in
subsection (2), shall not be brought after the expiration of the period of —

(a) 6 years from the date on which the cause of action accrued; or

(b) 3 years from the earliest date on which the plaintiff… first had both the
knowledge required for bringing an action for damages in respect of the
relevant damage and a right to bring such an action, if that period expires
later than the period mentioned in paragraph (a).

(4) In subsections (2) and (3), the knowledge required for bringing an action
for damages in respect of the relevant injury or damage (as the case may be)
means knowledge —

(a) that the injury or damage was attributable in whole or in part to the act
or omission which is alleged to constitute negligence, nuisance or breach of
duty;

(b) of the identity of the defendant;

(c) if it is alleged that the act or omission was that of a person other than
the defendant, of the identity of that person and the additional facts
supporting the bringing of an action against the defendant; and

(d) of material facts about the injury or damage which would lead a reasonable
person who had suffered such injury or damage to consider it sufficiently
serious to justify his instituting proceedings for damages against a defendant
who did not dispute liability and was able to satisfy a judgment.

…

(6) For the purposes of this section, a person’s knowledge includes knowledge
which he might reasonably have been expected to acquire —

(a) from facts observable or ascertainable by him; or

(b) from facts ascertainable by him with the help of appropriate expert advice
which it is reasonable for him to seek.

(7) A person shall not be taken by virtue of subsection (6) to have knowledge
of a fact ascertainable only with the help of expert advice so long as he has
taken all reasonable steps to obtain (and, where appropriate, to act on) that
advice.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

464 I note the following points about s 24A:

(a) First, s 24A applies to all claims for breach of contract and in tort: s
24A(1) and Yan Jun v Attorney-General [2015] 1 SLR 752 at [62]. Section 24A
thus applies to all of Millenia’s claims against Dragages and Builders Shop.

(b) Secondly, where s 24A applies, s 6 of the Limitation Act, which sets out
the general limitation period for actions founded on a contract or on tort,
does not apply concurrently; only s 24A applies: Lian Kok Hong v Ow Wah Foong
and another [2008] 4 SLR(R) 165 (“Lian Kok Hong”) at [14]).

465 The applicable sub-provision in s 24A is s 24A(3). I will first consider
whether Millenia’s claims are time-barred under s 24A(3)(a). I then consider
whether the claims are time-barred under s 24A(3)(b). I note that the time
limits set out in s 24A are subject to an overriding time limit of 15 years
from the “starting date” under s 24B. It will not be necessary to discuss s
24B, however, because for the reasons given below, I find that the claims by
Millenia which are in issue are time-barred under s 24A(3).

466 I first turn to Millenia’s action for breach of the Contract.

(1) Millenia’s action against Dragages for breach of the Contract

467 Section 24A(3)(a) states that an action to which s 24A applies shall not
be brought after “6 years from the date on which the cause of action accrued”.
A cause of action in contract accrues on the date of breach: Lim Check Meng v
Orchard Credit Pte Ltd [1997] 2 SLR(R) 709 (“Lim Check Meng”) at [18].

468 When did Dragages breach the Contract? Millenia’s position is that the
breaches occurred on the date of practical completion, ie, 27 September 1997:
Millenia claims “the Written Statement … must be the point in time from which
limitation runs”. 776

##### Foot Note 776

×

Millenia’s reply submissions at para 351.

On the other hand, Dragages submits that the Cladding was installed before 13
August 1997, based on several documents pertaining to the pre-handover
inspection of the Façade. Dragages therefore contends that the breaches (if
any) occurred before 13 August 1997. 777

##### Foot Note 777

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at paras 16–18.

469 Regardless of which date – 13 August 1997 or 27 September 1997 – is
adopted, it is evident that this suit, which was commenced on 28 August 2012
(see [159] above), was brought after 6 years from the date on which Millenia’s
cause of action for breach of the Contract accrued. I therefore find that
Millenia’s action for breach of the Contract is time-barred under s 24A(3)(a)
of the Limitation Act.

470 For completeness, however, I add that I agree with Millenia that time
began to run from the date of practical completion, 27 September 1997. The
limitation period for an action for breach of contract in respect of defective
work generally runs from this date: see Chitty on Contracts vol 1 (H G Beale
gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 32nd Ed, 2015) (“Chitty”) at para 28–054; Keating at
para 11–035. In Chia Kok Leong v Prosperland Pte Ltd [2005] 2 SLR(R) 484
(“Prosperland”), the Court of Appeal accepted that the limitation period for
breach of contract ran from the date of practical completion. In that case,
the construction of the condominium was completed in 1993: see Prosperland at
[3]. Subsequently, in August 1997, a wall tile on the façade of the
condominium was noticed to be becoming de-bonded. In August 1999, some more
tiles were found de-bonded. In September 1999, two tiles fell off the façade:
see Prosperland at [60]. The developer sued the main contractor and the
architects for breach of contract and also sued the main contractor in
negligence. The Court of Appeal held at [62] that “[s]ince the building was
completed in May 1993, the normal limitation period for a claim in contract or
tort of six years would have expired by May 1999” [emphasis added]. I note
that the Court of Appeal suggested that the limitation period for a claim in
tort also ran from the date of practical completion. I will address this at
[479(a)] below.

471 I now consider whether Millenia’s action for breach of the Contract is
time-barred under s 24A(3)(b) of the Limitation Act. The test is whether this
suit was brought within 3 years from the earliest date on which Millenia had
both (1) the knowledge required to sue for breach of the Contract and (2) the
right to sue for breach of the Contract. I have found that the right to sue
would have accrued by 27 September 1997 (see [470] above). The key issue is
thus whether Millenia brought this suit within 3 years from the earliest date
on which it had the requisite knowledge to sue for breach of the Contract.
This suit was commenced on 28 August 2012 (see [159] above). Therefore,
Millenia’s action for breach of the Contract would be time-barred if it had
the requisite knowledge to sue for breach of the contract before 28 August
2009.

472 Section 24A(4) of the Limitation Act defines the requisite knowledge for
the purpose of s 24A(3). Section 24A(4)(c) is not relevant in this case. I
note the following in relation to ss 24A(4)(a) and 24A(4)(d):

(a) Section 24A(4)(a) (knowledge that the injury or damage was attributable to
the allegedly wrongful act/omission): the plaintiff “need not know the details
of what went wrong … as long as he knew or might reasonably have known of the
factual essence of his complaint”: Lian Kok Hong at [42(a)].

(b) Section 24A(4)(d) (knowledge of material facts that would lead a
reasonable person who suffered such injury or damage to consider it
“sufficiently serious” to justify instituting proceedings against the
defendant): the plaintiff must know enough to consider the action not
“frivolous or wholly without merit, taking into account the effort required in
instituting a court action”: Lian Kok Hong at [39].

473 Dragages submits that Millenia had the requisite knowledge to sue for
breach of the Contract by either of the following points in times:

(a) By 28 December 2004, the date of Arup’s 2nd 2004 Report. 778

##### Foot Note 778

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at para 33.

This is because Arup’s 2nd 2004 Report contained a list of 16 “noted
deviations from the design condition” [emphasis added] observed by Arup in its
inspection of the 8 Drops, five of which were assessed to be of high severity
(see [54(a)] above). Moreover, Arup’s 2nd 2004 Report cautioned that it was
not unreasonable to expect that similar defects were present on the other
drops which Arup had not inspected, and that those areas of the Cladding might
also have other issues (see [56] above). 779

##### Foot Note 779

×

69AB 54901.

(b) By 14 August 2007, the date of the Settlement Agreement. 780

##### Foot Note 780

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at para 37.

Dragages submits that Millenia would have had the requisite knowledge after it
received the results of the inspections of the Cladding carried out by Earth
Arts and Arup from December 2006 to 2007 (see [62]–[63] above). This would
have been no later than 14 August 2007 as the results were annexed to the
Settlement Agreement.

474 Millenia does not directly address Dragages’ submissions on the date on
which it had the requisite knowledge to sue for breach of the Contract.
Millenia simply submits that even if its claims under the Contract are time-
barred, Dragages is still liable under the Deed, the Settlement Agreement and
in tort. 781

##### Foot Note 781

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 547.

475 I find that Millenia had the requisite knowledge to sue for breach of the
Contract by 28 December 2004, the date of Arup’s 2nd 2004 Report:

(a) First, by that date, Millenia knew that there were deviations from the
design (see [473(a)] above): Millenia would have known, inter alia, that
components made of non-AISI Type 316 stainless steel were used and brackets
were not installed in accordance with the design. Accordingly, I find that
Millenia had the requisite knowledge under s 24A(4)(a).

(b) Secondly, Millenia would have known of the identity of the defendant,
Dragages: it had the requisite knowledge under s 24A(4)(b).

(c) Thirdly, Millenia would have known Arup had noted 16 apparent deviations
from the design, some of “high severity”, and that there may have been other
instances of these defects and other types of defects on other parts of the
Cladding apart from the 8 Drops which Arup had inspected (see [473(a)] above).
I thus find that Millenia knew enough to consider an action against Dragages
not “frivolous or wholly without merit” (see [472(b)] above): it had the
requisite knowledge under s 24A(4)(d). Notably, Millenia in fact commenced
proceedings in Suit 480 against Dragages and Builders Shop based on the
defects identified in the 2004 Reports.

Even if I am wrong about this, I agree with Dragages that Millenia would have
had the requisite knowledge from the results of the inspections by Earth Arts
and Arup, which Millenia received by 14 August 2007 (see [473(b)] above).

476 I thus find that Millenia’s action for breach of the Contract is time-
barred under s 24A(3)(b) of the Limitation Act. Given my prior finding that
this action is also time-barred under s 24A(3)(a) (see [469] above), I find
that Millenia’s action for breach of the Contract is time-barred.

(2) Millenia’s actions against Dragages and Builders Shop for breaches of
their duties of care in tort in performing the Works and/or Sub-contract Works

477 I turn first to the application of s 24A(3)(a). As I have noted, this sets
out a limitation period of six years from the date on which the cause of
action accrued (see [467] above).

478 When did Millenia’s causes of action for Dragages’ and Builders Shop’s
breaches of their duties of care in tort to Millenia in performing the Works
and the Sub-contract Works arise? The parties take the following positions:

(a) Millenia does not address this issue; instead, Millenia focuses on the
application of s 24A(3)(b) (see [483(a)] below). 782

##### Foot Note 782

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 530.

(b) Dragages appears to suggest that Millenia’s cause of action against it
would have accrued by 28 December 2004 (the date of Arup’s 2nd 2004 Report).
783

##### Foot Note 783

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at para 25.

(c) Builders Shop contends that Millenia’s cause of action against it accrued
upon the completion of the Sub-contract Works, and by no later than 27
September 1997 (the date of practical completion). 784

##### Foot Note 784

×

Builders Shop’s closing submissions at para 68a.

479 I hold that Millenia’s causes of action accrued when it suffered damage
due to Dragages’ and Builders Shop’s breaches of their duties of care. A cause
of action in negligence accrues when damage is sustained by the plaintiff: Lim
Check Meng at [18]. When, however, does a plaintiff suffer damage for the
purposes of a claim in tort for defects in a building? I turn now to the
authorities:

(a) In Prosperland, as I have noted (see [470] above), the Court of Appeal
suggested at [62] that the limitation period for a claim in tort would have
begun on the date of practical completion. This would imply that the plaintiff
suffered damage on the date of practical completion.

(b) However, in the subsequent case of Lian Kok Hong, the Court of Appeal
cited with approval the decision of the House of Lords in Pirelli General
Cable Works Ltd v Oscar Faber & Partners (A Firm) [1983] 2 AC 1 (“Pirelli”) at
[24]. In Pirelli, the plaintiff engaged the defendant to design an addition to
its factory, including a chimney. The chimney was then built with unsuitable
material. Cracks formed on the chimney by April 1970. The plaintiff discovered
the damage in November 1977 (and could only have discovered it with reasonable
diligence by October 1972 at the earliest). The plaintiff sued the defendant
in negligence. The House of Lords held that the plaintiff’s cause of action
accrued by April 1970 when the cracks formed on the chimney, and was therefore
time-barred. The rule established by Pirelli is that damage occurs when the
defects manifest themselves in the form of physical damage.

(c) In Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2827 v GBI Realty Pte Ltd
and another [2014] 3 SLR 229 (“GBI Realty”), the management corporation
(“MCST”) of an industrial development sued the contractor who designed and
built the development in negligence, after it discovered settlement around the
building. The contractor alleged that the claim was time-barred. In addressing
the defence of limitation, Woo Bih Li J considered when the damage had
occurred for the purpose of the accrual of the plaintiff’s cause of action in
negligence. After citing Pirelli, and noting that it was approved by the Court
of Appeal in Lian Kok Hong at [24] (see [(b)] above), Woo J held at [27] that
the plaintiff’s cause of action had likely accrued by March 2004 when it had
first complained of a sunken driveway. Woo J observed that the sinking of the
driveway was akin to the occurrence of the cracks in Pirelli.

480 In my judgment, the rule in Pirelli represents the law in Singapore today.
In Prosperland, the Court of Appeal did not directly consider when exactly the
plaintiff suffered damage that gave rise to his cause of action in tort.
Rather, the court simply stated at [62] that time began to run for the
purposes of limitation from the date of practical completion. The court also
did not consider Pirelli. However, Pirelli was subsequently cited with
approval by the Court of Appeal in Lian Kok Hong and the High Court in GBI
Realty applied the rule established in Pirelli. I thus hold that the law as it
stands is that the plaintiff suffers damage for the purpose of a claim in tort
for defects in a building when the defects manifest themselves in the form of
physical damage to the building.

481 I would note, however, that it is not entirely clear that the rule in
Pirelli should remain the law. The difficulty stems from the nature of the
loss which the owner of a building suffers where a building is built
defectively. Our courts have recognised that the loss sustained by the owner
is pure economic loss: see, eg, RSP Architects Planners & Engineers v Ocean
Front Pte Ltd and another appeal [1995] 3 SLR(R) 653 at [27] and [47]. When,
however, does the owner suffer such loss? This issue was explored by the Privy
Council in Invercargill City Council v Hamlin [1996] 1 AC 624, by the Hong
Kong Court of Final Appeal in Bank of East Asia Ltd v Tsien Wui Marble Factory
Ltd & Ors [2000] 1 HKLRD 268, and the English Court of Appeal in Abbott v Will
Gannon & Smith Ltd [2005] EWCA Civ 198. The answer may either be (1) the date
on which the physical damage occurred or (2) the date on which such damage was
discovered or was reasonably discoverable. It is unnecessary for me to decide
between these alternatives because they lead to the same conclusion in this
case. There were several types of defects. The defects, like the defective
material in Pirelli, would only have manifested themselves in the form of
physical damage after some time. The first manifestation was probably the 1st
Fall. Other defects would have manifested themselves by October or December
2004, when they were noted in Arup’s 2004 Reports. For example, in Arup’s 1st
Report, Arup noted the spalling of panels near pin areas and cracks on panels
(see [51(d)] and [51(e)(i)] above). In its 2nd 2004 Report, Arup noted that
some washers were beginning to corrode (see [54(c)] above). Further, this
physical damage was reasonably discoverable by October or December 2004, and
would have been discovered by Millenia through Arup’s 2004 Reports. I
therefore find that Millenia’s causes of action for Dragages’ and Builders
Shop’s breaches of their duties of care in tort accrued by no later than 28
December 2004. Since more than six years elapsed before these proceedings were
commenced on 28 August 2012, I find that Millenia’s actions against Dragages
and Builders Shop for breach of their duty of care in tort in performing the
Works and/or Sub-contract Works are time-barred under s 24A(3)(a) of the
Limitation Act.

482 I now discuss the application of s 24A(3)(b) of the Limitation Act.
Millenia’s actions would be time-barred under s 24A(3)(b) if it had the
requisite knowledge to sue Dragages and Builders Shop in tort, for negligent
performance of the Works and/or Sub-contract Works, by 28 August 2009 (see
[471] above).

483 The parties make the following submissions on this point:

(a) Millenia submits that it did not have the requisite knowledge to sue until
after the 2nd Panel fell, either (1) after Arup’s 2011 Report was issued or
(2) after Arup completed the 100% Inspection of the Façade. 785

##### Foot Note 785

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 534–535 and 546.

The thrust of Millenia’s case is that it was only after this time that it
became aware of the full extent of the defects in the Cladding.

(b) Dragages submits that Millenia had the requisite knowledge to sue by 28
December 2004 or 14 August 2007 (see [473] above).

(c) Builders Shop submits that Millenia had the requisite knowledge to sue by
28 December 2004 or 20 March 2008, the date of Meinhardt’s 2008 Report. 786

##### Foot Note 786

×

Builders Shop’s closing submissions at para 69.

484 I find that Millenia had the requisite knowledge to sue for Dragages’ and
Builders Shop’s breaches of their duty of care in performing the Works and/or
Sub-contract Works by 28 December 2004. My reasons are essentially the same as
those I have given in addressing Millenia’s action for breach of the Contract
(see [475] above). By 28 December 2004, Millenia would have known that Arup
had found multiple (alleged) defects on the Cladding. It would have known that
these were attributable to acts or omissions of Dragages and Builders Shop in
carrying out the Works and/or Sub-contract Works. It would have known that
several defects were of “high severity” and that other portions of the
Cladding that had not been inspected might contain the same and other defects.
I thus find that Millenia had the requisite knowledge under s 24A(4) by 28
December 2004. It is immaterial that Millenia did not know the full extent of
the defects by 28 December 2004 (see [483(a)] above). What matters is that
Millenia knew the factual essence of its complaint by that date (see [472(a)]
above).

485 I thus find that Millenia’s actions against Dragages and Builders Shop for
breaches of their duties of care in tort in performing the Works and/or Sub-
contract Works are time-barred under s 24A(3)(b) of the Limitation Act. Given
my prior finding that they are time-barred under s 24A(3)(a) (see [481]
above), I find that these actions are time-barred.

486 For completeness, I note that in reply to Dragages’ submissions on the
application of s 24A(3) of the Limitation Act, Millenia emphasises that it did
sue Dragages and Builders Shop in Suit 480, before withdrawing the suit after
the parties entered into the Settlement Agreement. 787

##### Foot Note 787

×

Millenia’s reply submissions at paras 354–355.

I struggle to understand the import of this submission. However, to the extent
that the argument is that the Settlement Agreement suspended the limitation
period, I do not accept it.

487 It is settled that once time begins to run for the purpose of a limitation
period, it generally runs continuously unless a statutory exception applies:
see Andrew McGee, Limitation Periods (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2014) at para
2.001 and 2.018. The Limitation Act does not provide for limitation periods to
be extended or suspended where the parties enter into a settlement agreement.

488 Furthermore, cl 13 of the Settlement Agreement expressly states:

For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall be construed as extending in
any way whatsoever … any limitation period(s) at law in respect of the
Identified Defects, the Schedule A Defects, the Schedule B Defects and the
areas unaffected by the Rectification Works. [emphasis added in italics and
bold italics]

It is thus evident that Millenia, Dragages and Builders Shop, the parties to
the Settlement Agreement, the parties whose rights and liabilities are in
issue in relation to the limitation defence, contemplated and intended that
the limitation period would continue to run notwithstanding the Settlement
Agreement.

Summary of conclusions

489 In summary:

(a) I find that Dragages and Builders Shop breached the Deed, the Settlement
Agreement, and their duties of care in tort to Millenia in carrying out the
Rectification Works (see [426(b)]–[426(c)], [427], [429(b)] and [431(b)]–[433]
above). These breaches caused Millenia to suffer loss in the form of the cost
of rectifying or replacing the Cladding and losses flowing from the 2nd Fall
(see [434] above). Accordingly, Dragages and Builders Shop are liable for
these losses (whose nature and quantum I will determine in the second tranche
of these proceedings). Millenia’s causes of action for the aforementioned
breaches are not time-barred (see [462] above).

(b) I find that Dragages breached the Contract, and Dragages and Builders Shop
breached their duties of care in tort in performing the Works and/or Sub-
contract Works (see [426(a)], [429(a)], [431(a)] and [433] above). However,
Millenia’s causes of action for these breaches are time-barred (see [476] and
[485] above).

(c) I find that Millenia’s causes of action based on DT4, DT5, DT7, DT8, DT10,
DT13 and DT14a per se – ie, based on the mere presence of these defects – have
been compromised by the Settlement Agreement (see [458] above). But insofar as
these defects were not rectified, Dragages and Builders Shop breached the
Settlement Agreement and the duties of care in tort which they owed to
Millenia in carrying out the Rectification Works (see [(a)] above).

490 I now turn to Millenia’s claims against the Meinhardt Parties.

Millenia’s claims against the Meinhardt Parties

Introduction

491 Millenia’s case is that the Meinhardt Parties breached their duties of
care in tort to Millenia (see [171] above). There is no claim in contract
since Millenia did not enter into any contract with either of the Meinhardt
Parties.

492 As I have noted, subject to one caveat which I discuss shortly, Millenia
does not claim the cost of rectifying or replacing the Cladding from the
Meinhardt Parties (see [175] above). In other words, Millenia does not claim
that breaches by the Meinhardt Parties of their alleged duties caused Millenia
to suffer losses relating to the cost of rectifying or recladding the Façade.
Millenia’s case is that the breaches by the Meinhardt Parties of their alleged
duties of care caused or contributed to the 2nd Fall, and the Meinhardt
Parties are therefore liable for the losses suffered by Millenia flowing from
the 2nd Fall.

493 I now discuss the caveat referred to at [492] above. Millenia submits that
to the extent that its claims have been compromised due to negligence by the
Meinhardt Parties, it is entitled to recover the full amount of loss that it
claims in this suit from the Meinhardt Parties (see [175] above). I do not
agree. First, as Mr Jeyaretnam submitted, 788

##### Foot Note 788

×

Transcript, 24 February 2017, pp 118–119.

this claim was not pleaded. Secondly, Millenia has not made any submissions
regarding how or why it lost any remedy against Dragages or Builders Shop, or
had any of its claims compromised, due to the negligence of the Meinhardt
Parties. I have found that some of Millenia’s claims are compromised (see
[489(b)] above). But they are compromised due to cl 25 of the Settlement
Agreement. The conduct of the Meinhardt Parties has nothing to do with the
compromise of Millenia’s claims. Hence, if necessary, I find that Millenia has
not pleaded nor shown how it lost any remedy against Dragages or Builders
Shop, or had any of its claims compromised, due to the negligence of the
Meinhardt Parties. I therefore do not accept the claim raised by Millenia in
its submissions.

Millenia’s shifting case

494 In its closing submissions, Millenia submits that the Meinhardt Parties
owed and breached duties of care in relation to two sets of statements: 789

##### Foot Note 789

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 555, 567 and 631.

(a) First, statements regarding the “inspection and identification of defects
on the [Façade] and methods of rectification that would be used to remedy the
identified defects” (“the 1st Set of Statements”). These statements were made
in Meinhardt’s 2007 and 2008 Reports.

(b) Secondly, statements that the Rectification Works were carried out in
accordance with the Settlement Agreement (“the 2nd Set of Statements”), which
were made in letters by the Meinhardt Parties.

In other words, in its closing submissions, Millenia claims that the Meinhardt
Parties are liable for negligent misstatements or misrepresentations.

495 In oral submissions, Mr Jeyaretnam accepted that Millenia had pleaded that
the Meinhardt Parties owed and breached duties of care regarding the 2nd Set
of Statements (see [171(d)] above). 790

##### Foot Note 790

×

Transcript, 24 February 2017, pp 116–117.

However, he submitted that Millenia did not properly plead that Meinhardt
Parties owed and breached duties of care in relation to the 1st Set of
Statements. 791

##### Foot Note 791

×

Transcript, 24 February 2017, pp 113–117.

I agree with Mr Jeyaretnam. Millenia pleaded that the Meinhardt Parties had
breached their duties of care by (1) failing to properly inspect the Cladding,
(2) approving the rectification works involving stitching, and (3) failing to
propose remedial methods or works that would ensure that the Building was fit
for its purpose (see [171(a)]–[171(c)] above). By these averments, Millenia
pleaded that the Meinhardt Parties were negligent in their conduct. There was
no claim that the Meinhardt Parties made negligent misstatements or
misrepresentations regarding the inspection of the Façade, identification of
defects and rectification methods (see [494(a)] above). I do not consider that
it is open to Millenia to submit that the Meinhardt Parties are liable for
negligent misrepresentation in making the 1st Set of Statements, because
Millenia did not properly plead that case against the Meinhardt Parties.

496 Moreover, while Millenia submits at the outset of its submissions for its
claims against the Meinhardt Parties that they breached their duties of care
in issuing the 1st Set of Statements, the actual breaches cited by Millenia,
relating to the inspection of the Façade and proposal of rectification
methods, do not involve misstatements or misrepresentations (see
[558(a)]–[558(d)] below). In other words, the alleged breaches track
Millenia’s pleaded case.

497 For these reasons, I will focus on Millenia’s pleaded claims against the
Meinhardt Parties.

498 I now address the first issue in relation to Millenia’s claims against the
Meinhardt Parties, namely, whether Meinhardt Singapore carried out the roles
assigned to it under the Settlement Agreement (see [198(a)] above).

Did Meinhardt Singapore perform the roles assigned to it under the Settlement
Agreement?

499 A key issue in relation to Millenia’s claims against the Meinhardt Parties
is whether Meinhardt Singapore performed the roles the Settlement Agreement
contemplated it would perform. This is because Millenia’s case is that the
Meinhardt Parties were negligent in the course of performing certain works or
making statements regarding those works. To put the point in a different way,
the negligence alleged is misfeasance rather than nonfeasance. But if
Meinhardt Singapore did not perform the works or make the statements, it could
not have been negligent in doing so. The issue of one party being negligent
does not arise if another party committed the allegedly negligent act. If the
former is sued, the defence that the claimant has sued the wrong party is a
complete answer.

500 The evidence indicates that it was Meinhardt Façade who was engaged to
perform the roles that the Settlement Agreement contemplated would be carried
out by Meinhardt Singapore. It was Meinhardt Façade, not Meinhardt Singapore,
who inspected the Façade, identified the defects and proposed the methods of
rectification. Ms Perez and Mr Meur gave evidence to this effect, 792

##### Foot Note 792

×

Vol 12 BAEIC, AEIC of Audrey Perez dated 4 March 2014 at para 358; Vol 19
BAEIC, AEIC of Mathieu Serge Meur dated 6 March 2014 at para 37.

which was corroborated by the following pieces of objective evidence:

(a) the June 2007 Proposal, which was issued by Meinhardt Façade and not
Meinhardt Singapore (see [67] above);

(b) invoices issued by Meinhardt Façade for its services and payment vouchers
and cheques issued by Builders Shop identifying Meinhardt Façade as the payee;
793

##### Foot Note 793

×

74AB 58927–58930; 75AB 59456–59459; 76AB 60704–60706; 78AB 62144–62145.

and

(c) Meinhardt’s 2007 and 2008 Reports, both of which indicate that it was
Meinhardt Façade, and not Meinhardt Singapore, who inspected the Façade,
identified the defects and proposed methods of rectification.

501 Millenia did not bring any objective evidence to my attention – whether in
the form of fee proposals, correspondence or other documents – that indicated
that Dragages and/or Builders Shop had appointed Meinhardt Singapore to carry
out the works that Meinhardt was to perform under the Settlement Agreement.

502 Millenia submits, however, that Meinhardt Façade was Meinhardt Singapore’s
agent or nominee: the latter inspected the Façade, identified the defects and
proposed rectification methods through Meinhardt Façade. 794

##### Foot Note 794

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 554.

503 I do not accept this submission. The objective evidence referred to at
[500(a)]–[500(c)] indicates that Dragages and Builders Shop directly appointed
Meinhardt Façade to perform Meinhardt’s roles under the Settlement Agreement.
Moreover, there is no objective evidence that Meinhardt Singapore was
appointed by Dragages and Builders Shop at all (see [501] above). During
cross-examination, Mr Foo admitted that he did not know whether there was an
agency agreement between the Meinhardt Parties, and also did not know whether
Dragages and Builders Shop had engaged Meinhardt Singapore. 795

##### Foot Note 795

×

Transcript, 16 April 2014, p 15.

504 Millenia emphasises, however, the following two points: 796

##### Foot Note 796

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 586–598.

(a) First, Builders Shop pleaded that Meinhardt Façade was Meinhardt
Singapore’s agent or nominee (albeit Builders Shop later claimed in its
opening statement – and, I add, in its closing submissions – that it was
Meinhardt Façade who was engaged).

(b) Secondly, Ms Perez conceded that Meinhardt Façade did its work as an agent
for Meinhardt Singapore.

505 However, these points do not assist Millenia. Builders Shop’s pleadings do
not amount to evidence, and are unsupported by the evidence (see [500] above).
I also do not give much weight to Ms Perez’s apparent concession because it
does not accord with the evidence. I would add that having reviewed Ms Perez’s
testimony, it is clear that her apparent concession was an inadvertent slip
that departed from her clear testimony, which I accept on this point, that
Meinhardt Façade carried out the works in its own right. 797

##### Foot Note 797

×

Transcript, 19 May 2014, p 124.

506 For all these reasons, I find that it was Meinhardt Façade, not Meinhardt
Singapore, who was appointed to carry out Meinhardt’s roles under the
Settlement Agreement. I find that Meinhardt Façade carried out these roles on
its own account, and not as agent or nominee for Meinhardt Singapore. I
therefore find that Meinhardt Singapore did not inspect the Façade, identify
defects, propose the rectification methods or make statements relating to the
same in Meinhardt’s 2007 and 2008 Reports.

507 I now turn to Millenia’s claims against Meinhardt Singapore.

Millenia’s claims against Meinhardt Singapore

508 I first address Millenia’s claims regarding the inspection of the Façade,
identification of defects, and methods of rectification and/or statements
relating to the same in Meinhardt’s 2007 and 2008 Reports (see
[171(a)]–[171(c)] and [494(a)] above). I have found that Meinhardt Singapore
did not inspect the Façade, identify defects, propose rectification methods
and make statements regarding the same (see [506] above). It follows that
Meinhardt Singapore could not have been negligent in performing these acts,
for it never performed or undertook to perform them in the first place (see
[499] above), and I so find.

509 I now turn to the claim that Meinhardt Singapore negligently misstated or
misrepresented that the Rectification Works were carried out in accordance
with the Settlement Agreement (see [171(d)] and [494(b)] above). In this
regard, Millenia relies on the 19 July 2010 Letter issued by Dr Qureshi (see
[143] above), which was sent by Ms Perez to Millenia on 20 July 2010 (see
[145] above). For ease of reference, I set out the contents of this letter
again here:

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN

This is to confirm that [Meinhardt Singapore] and [Meinhardt Façade] are both
subsidiaries of Meinhardt Group International.

The areas of expertise of [Meinhardt Singapore] are Civil, Structure [sic],
Mechanical and Electrical Engineering.

All matters related to façade engineering are undertaken by [Meinhardt
Façade].

For any further information or enquiry, please do not hesitate to contact our
Mr Mathieu [Meur] …

[emphasis added]

510 Millenia describes the 19 July 2010 Letter in these terms: 798

##### Foot Note 798

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 618.

[The 19 July 2010 Letter] was by itself a representation to Millenia, which
Millenia relied upon, that Meinhardt Singapore had confirmed that Meinhardt
Façade had acted on behalf of Meinhardt Singapore in performing the Settlement
Agreement, and that statements made by Meinhardt Façade had been made on
behalf of Meinhardt Singapore.

The submission appears to be that the 19 July 2010 Letter was a representation
from Meinhardt Singapore that Meinhardt Façade had authority to make
statements on behalf of Meinhardt Singapore. On this basis, Millenia suggests
that Meinhardt Façade had actual or apparent authority to make statements
pertaining to the Rectification Works on behalf of Meinhardt Singapore. In
support of this submission, Millenia relies on Mr Singh’s cross-examination of
Dr Qureshi. 799

##### Foot Note 799

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 626–629.

Millenia also submits that Dr Qureshi gave Dragages authority to represent to
Millenia that Meinhardt Façade was acting on behalf of Meinhardt Singapore.
800

##### Foot Note 800

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 627.

511 I do not accept these submissions. I deal first with the alleged authority
given to Dragages. Dr Qureshi did not concede that Meinhardt Singapore
authorised Dragages to make representations on its behalf. The passage cited
by Millenia in its submissions derives from the cross-examination of Mr Meur,
who was not an employee of Meinhardt Singapore and so could not have
authorised Dragages to make representations for Meinhardt Singapore. 801

##### Foot Note 801

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 627; Transcript, 7 May 2015, p 167.

512 I now address the alleged authority given to Meinhardt Façade:

(a) Actual authority: Dr Qureshi accepted that by the last paragraph of the 19
July 2010 Letter (see [509] above), he authorised Mr Meur to deal with
information sought or enquiries made in relation to the contents of the 19
July 2010 Letter, and I so find. 802

##### Foot Note 802

×

Transcript, 6 May 2015, p 60.

Yet Dr Qureshi was clear that he did not authorise Mr Meur in connection with
anything beyond the contents of the 19 July 2010 Letter, albeit he accepted,
upon being pressed by Mr Singh, that it “possibly can be” inferred that
Meinhardt Singapore did that. 803

##### Foot Note 803

×

Transcript, 6 May 2015, pp 62–63.

This concession is insufficient basis for a finding that Dr Qureshi authorised
Mr Meur to make statements pertaining to the Rectification Works on behalf of
Meinhardt Singapore (see [510] above). Importantly, the actual contents of the
19 July 2010 Letter pertained solely to the respective areas of specialisation
of Meinhardt Singapore and Meinhardt Façade, and it was completely silent on
all other matters. I therefore find that Dr Qureshi did not give Mr Meur (and
Meinhardt Façade) actual authority to make statements pertaining to the
Rectification Works on behalf of Meinhardt Singapore.

(b) Apparent authority: I find that Meinhardt Façade did not have apparent
authority to make statements pertaining to the Rectification Works on behalf
of Meinhardt Singapore. An agent has apparent authority if (1) the principal
represents that the agent has authority to act for the principal, (2) the
agent acts within the scope of the authority which the principal represents
that the agent has and (3) the third party relies on the representation: see
Banque Nationale de Paris v Tan Nancy and another [2001] 3 SLR(R) 726 at
[67]–[69]. I do not accept Millenia’s argument on apparent authority for two
reasons:

(i) First, even if Meinhardt Singapore represented by the (last paragraph of
the) 19 July 2010 Letter that Mr Meur had authority to act on its behalf on
certain matters, I find that it did not represent that Mr Meur had authority
to make statements pertaining to the Rectification Works. As I have noted, the
actual contents of the 19 July 2010 Letter were far more limited in scope (see
[(a)] above). Therefore, any statements made by Meinhardt Façade on matters
outside the limited scope of the 19 July 2010 Letter were not attributable to
Meinhardt Singapore.

(ii) Secondly, even if Meinhardt Singapore had made the representation that
Meinhardt Façade had the authority to make statements pertaining to the
Rectification Works on Meinhardt Singapore’s behalf, I find that Millenia did
not rely on it. I agree with Mr Jeyaretnam that this is clear from the 6
August 2010 Letter (see [146] above). 804

##### Foot Note 804

×

Transcript, 24 February 2017, pp 110–111.

Millenia stated in that letter that its position was that Meinhardt Singapore
had not provided the necessary confirmation under cl 11 of the Settlement
Agreement. In other words, Millenia did not accept that Meinhardt Façade had
acted on behalf of Meinhardt Singapore. Millenia therefore did not rely on any
representation by Meinhardt Singapore to that effect.

513 For all these reasons, I do not accept that Meinhardt Façade was acting on
Meinhardt Singapore’s behalf in making statements pertaining to the
Rectification Works (see [510] above). Millenia’s claim that Meinhardt
Singapore committed negligent misrepresentation by issuing the 19 July 2010
Letter therefore falls to be determined based on the text of the letter. I do
not accept Millenia’s claim is made out for the following reasons:

(a) Duty of care: First, I find that Meinhardt Singapore did not owe a duty of
care to Millenia. A duty of care will only arise in tort if there is
sufficient legal proximity between the parties (see [517] below). On the facts
of this case, I find that there was insufficient proximity between Millenia
and Meinhardt Singapore: there was no physical, circumstantial or causal
proximity, nor did Meinhardt Singapore assume any responsibility to Millenia.

(b) Breach: Secondly, and critically, the statements in the 19 July 2010
Letter about Meinhardt Singapore and Meinhardt Façade and their roles in the
Meinhardt group of companies are true. Hence, even if Meinhardt Singapore owed
a duty of care to Millenia, it did not breach this duty because there was no
misrepresentation.

(c) Causation: Thirdly, even if there was a breach, I find that this did not
cause or contribute to the 2nd Fall. Meinhardt Singapore is therefore not
liable for the loss which Millenia claims.

514 For the above reasons, I dismiss Millenia’s claims against Meinhardt
Singapore. However, I note the following points. Meinhardt was defined under
the Settlement Agreement to refer to Meinhardt Singapore (see [77(a)] above).
It does not appear that it was ever made explicit to Millenia that Meinhardt
Façade was carrying out Meinhardt’s role under the Settlement Agreement
(though I may be wrong about this and express only a provisional view). If
this is right, Millenia may have had no real choice but to sue both of the
Meinhardt parties to secure itself against the possibility that one but not
the other was liable to it in tort. This may have a bearing on costs. However,
I make no decision in this regard at this stage and I will hear the parties
before doing so.

515 I now turn to Millenia’s claims against Meinhardt Façade.

Millenia’s claims against Meinhardt Façade

516 I turn first to whether Meinhardt Façade owed a duty of care to Millenia.

Did Meinhardt Façade owe a duty of care to Millenia?

517 A duty of care will arise in tort if (1) it is factually foreseeable that
the defendant’s negligence might cause the plaintiff loss; (2) there is
sufficient legal proximity between the parties; and (3) policy factors do not
negate a duty of care: Spandeck at [73], [76], [77] and [83].

518 Meinhardt Façade accepts, and I find, that the threshold requirement of
factual foreseeability is satisfied here. 805

##### Foot Note 805

×

Meinhardt Façade’s closing submissions at para 146.

(1) Proximity

(A) The parties’ submissions

519 Millenia submits that Meinhardt Façade owed it a duty of care in view of
the following points, which go to the requirement of legal proximity: 806

##### Foot Note 806

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 632–654.

(a) First, Millenia relied on Meinhardt Façade to exercise reasonable care and
skill. In particular, Millenia submits that it relied on the 20 July 2010
Certificate issued by Meinhardt Facade because it paid Dragages on 6 August
2010 upon receiving the same (see [146] above).

(b) Secondly, Meinhardt Façade knew or ought reasonably to have known that
Millenia would rely on it.

(c) Thirdly, Millenia’s reliance on Meinhardt Façade was reasonable.

(d) Fourth, Meinhardt Façade voluntarily assumed responsibility to Millenia by
(1) issuing Meinhardt’s 2007 Report and Meinhardt’s 2008 Report and/or (2)
issuing the 20 July 2010 Certificate (see [144] above).

520 Meinhardt Façade submits that the test of legal proximity is not
satisfied. Meinhardt Façade emphasises that the Settlement Agreement was
structured such that Millenia did not rely, nor was it ever contemplated that
Millenia would rely, on Meinhardt Façade. Instead, Millenia relied on Arup,
Dragages and Builders Shop under the Settlement Agreement. This is, according
to Meinhardt Façade, clear from the following provisions of the Settlement
Agreement: 807

##### Foot Note 807

×

Meinhardt Façade’s closing submissions at paras 152–161, 180–187 and 202–212.

(a) Clause 1 provided that Dragages and Builders Shop, not Millenia, would
appoint Meinhardt Façade (see [76] above).

(b) Clauses 2 and 16 provided that Arup would be Millenia’s consultant for the
purpose of, among other things, reviewing and commenting on the Rectification
Works Method Statement, while cl 19 stated that “Meinhardt” would be Dragages’
consultant (see [88] above). Millenia therefore relied on Arup, and not
Meinhardt Façade, to see that the Rectification Works Method Statement was
suitable for Millenia’s purpose.

(c) Clause 11 provided that the Rectification Works would only be completed
upon Arup’s written confirmation of the same. Millenia thus did not rely on
the 20 July 2010 Certificate; moreover, Arup’s written confirmation was never
issued. Further, in relation to the payment made by Millenia on 6 August 2010
(see [519(a)] above), the accompanying letter dated 6 August 2010 made clear
that the payment was made on a without prejudice basis. Millenia’s position in
that letter was that it had not received the necessary confirmation by
Meinhardt under cl 11 of the Settlement Agreement (see [146] above).

(B) My decision

(I) The law

521 The proximity requirement focuses on the “closeness of the relationship
between the parties”: Spandeck at [77]. Sufficient legal proximity for a duty
of care may be established based on physical, circumstantial and causal
proximity, and/or a voluntary assumption of responsibility by the defendant
and reliance by the plaintiff on care being taken by the defendant, where the
defendant knew or ought to have known of that reliance: Spandeck at [78]–[79]
and [81].

522 I note that a plaintiff’s reliance on the defendant’s exercise of
reasonable care, and the defendant’s knowledge of such reliance, have been of
decisive importance in determining whether a duty of care arises in tort in
other building and construction cases. I will cite just two such cases:

(a) In RSP Architects Planners & Engineers (formerly known as Raglan Squire &
Partners FE) v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 1075 and another
[1999] 2 SLR(R) 134 (“Eastern Lagoon”), the plaintiff MCST carried out
rectification works to the walls of two blocks of the condominium after
discovering that the claddings on those blocks had failed. The plaintiff then
sued the architects for the cost of the works, alleging negligent design and
supervision of construction. The Court of Appeal held that there was
sufficient proximity between the MCST and the architects to ground a duty of
care owed by the latter to the former, emphasising that the MCST relied on the
architects’ care and skill in designing and supervising the construction of
the property, and that the architects knew this: see Eastern Lagoon at
[38]–[39].

(b) By contrast, in Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric
[2007] 3 SLR(R) 782 (“Sunny Metal”), the employer of a construction project
sued the architect employed by the main contractor after the latter went
insolvent, alleging negligence on the architect’s part. The Court of Appeal
held that there was insufficient proximity for a duty of care to arise,
because the employer had not relied on the architect but on a project manager
and a project coordinator or superintending officer: Sunny Metal at [18] and
[46]. The court therefore allowed the architect’s appeal against the trial
judge’s finding that he was liable in negligence.

523 What, however, does reliance mean in the inquiry into whether a duty of
care arises in tort? This issue is important here because the parties’
arguments are joined over whether Millenia relied on Meinhardt Façade. In Gary
Chan Kok Yew and Lee Pey Woan, The Law of Torts in Singapore (Academy
Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2016), the authors make these pertinent observations at
para 03.060:

… the concept of reliance, which is useful for determining proximity, can be
interpreted in two senses. In negligent misstatement cases, the concept of
reliance tends to be one of “active reliance” on the part of the plaintiff
acting upon the statements made by the defendant to the plaintiff’s detriment.
… On the other hand, in cases involving negligent acts, the reliance by the
plaintiff on the defendant’s negligent act is normally of a “passive” nature
(eg, when we say that the plaintiff owner “relies” on the defendant contractor
not to cause damage to his front yard). [emphasis added]

Similar remarks are made in Clerk & Lindsell on Torts (Michael A Jones gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 21st Ed, 2014) at para 8-113:

… The test is one of reasonable reliance or dependence, because in some cases
there is no factual reliance by the claimant on the defendant. In cases of
negligent statements, the claimant’s loss is usually caused by his factual
reliance upon the statement but this is not always the case. In Spring v
Guardian Assurance Plc the claimant had lost his job as a result of a
negligently prepared reference sent by the defendant, his ex-employer[,] to
his new employer … to distinguish this type of situation from one where the
claimant actually relies on the statement, it may be preferable to describe
the claimant as reasonably depending on his employer to take care in giving
the reference. This is all the more the case with negligent services. In White
v Jones, members of the House of Lords struggled to analyse the relationship
of the claimant, a disappointed beneficiary, and the defendant solicitor in
terms of reliance … it may be helpful to describe this as a relationship of
reasonable dependence to distinguish it from a situation of actual reliance.
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

I therefore hold that reliance, for the purposes of the inquiry into whether a
duty of care arises in tort, need not involve active reliance by the
plaintiff. Active reliance connotes a change in the plaintiff’s position to
the plaintiff’s detriment, eg where the plaintiff buys a defective property
based on a negligently prepared surveyor’s report. However, reliance in this
context includes passive reliance or dependence by the plaintiff on the
defendant, such as the passive reliance by the MCST on the architect’s
exercise of care and skill in designing and supervising the construction of
the condominium in Eastern Lagoon. I also note that while active reliance
appears to be more common in cases of negligent misstatements, some such cases
have involved passive reliance or dependence.

(II) Analysis

524 I find that Millenia relied on Meinhardt Façade to take reasonable care in
inspecting the Façade and proposing rectification methods. To be clear, the
reliance was that of passive reliance or dependence (see [523] above).

525 First, I find that Millenia relied on the Meinhardt party who inspected
the Façade to exercise reasonable care and skill in doing so. This was
Meinhardt Façade. I accept Mr Foo’s evidence to this effect. 808

##### Foot Note 808

×

Transcript, 23 April 2014, p 95.

In my judgment, it is crucial to bear in mind the purpose and scheme of the
Settlement Agreement. As I have explained, it is evident from the Settlement
Agreement, in particular Recital H, that the parties had entered into that
agreement with the common intention that all of the defects in the Cladding
would be rectified (see [74] above). The Settlement Agreement thus provided
for three phases of works to be performed to achieve this end: the Inspection
Phase, the Rectification Phase and the Confirmation Phase (see [75] above).
The Inspection Phase was of central importance in this scheme because, as Ms
Perez accepted, the defects could only be rectified if they were identified to
begin with and it was from the inspection that a list of defects was to be
identified. 809

##### Foot Note 809

×

Transcript, 30 April 2014, p 116.

It was thus vital that the party who undertook the inspection, Meinhardt
Façade, took reasonable care in doing so. This was especially because the
Settlement Agreement did not provide for any other party to inspect the Façade
to identify defects or to check or review the inspection by Meinhardt Facade.
The responsibility of preparing a list of defects therefore fell squarely on
the shoulders of Meinhardt Façade. This was against the backdrop of Arup
having found defects in the Façade after the 1st Fall. In this light, it is
plain that Millenia, the owner of the Building, relied on Meinhardt Façade,
the party inspecting the Façade, to take care in doing so, and I so find.

526 Secondly, I find that Millenia relied on Meinhardt Façade to take care in
proposing rectification methods. Meinhardt Façade claims that Millenia did not
rely on it but on Arup because under cl 2 of the Settlement Agreement,
Millenia engaged Arup to review and comment on the Rectification Works Method
Statement (see [520(b)] above). I do not agree. I find that Millenia relied on
both Meinhardt Façade and Arup: the Rectification Works Method Statement was a
joint product of Meinhardt Façade and Arup for the following reasons:

(a) Meinhardt Façade and Arup had different roles in relation to the
Rectification Works Method Statement. Meinhardt Façade’s task was to identify
defects and to propose rectification methods therefor. Arup’s role was to
serve as a check on Meinhardt Façade’s performance of this role. In my view,
Millenia relied on both parties to perform their separate roles.

(b) After it proposed rectification methods, Meinhardt Façade was required
under cl 2 of the Settlement Agreement to consider and respond to Arup’s
queries about the Rectification Works Method Statement to the latter’s
reasonable satisfaction. Clause 3 further provided that the Rectification
Works Method Statement would only bind Millenia upon this event. In short, the
rectification methods would only be finalised after a process in which both
Meinhardt Façade and Arup were to participate. Millenia thus relied on both
parties in this additional sense for the preparation of the Rectification
Works Method Statement.

527 Further, I find that Meinhardt Façade knew that Millenia was relying on it
to exercise reasonable care and skill in inspecting the Façade and proposing
rectification methods. To begin with, I find it difficult to conceive that a
façade engineer who undertakes to inspect a façade, and propose rectification
methods for defects which are found thereon, would not appreciate that the
owner of the Building relies on him or her to take reasonable care and skill.
The nature of the task is such that the engineer must know such reliance is
placed on him or her.

528 Furthermore, Meinhardt Façade was not just any other façade engineer. It
had detailed prior knowledge about the state of the Façade before it inspected
the Cladding. Mr Meur knew, since 2005, that a panel had fallen off the
Building (see [59] above). He knew from Arup’s 2004 Reports that (1) the 1st
Panel was installed without its two top pins, in breach of the design and (2)
various defects were found by Arup on the Façade. He knew the BCA had
intervened and issued the 1st BCA Order. I therefore find that Meinhardt
Façade knew that there were multiple defects on the Façade it was to inspect
and that a panel had fallen off the Façade due to shoddy workmanship. Given
this knowledge, Meinhardt Facade must have known that (1) it was imperative
for it to take care and skill in inspecting the Façade and proposing
rectification methods and (2) the owner of the Building was relying on it to
do so, and I so find.

529 Moreover, I find that it was reasonable for Millenia to rely on Meinhardt
Façade. I accept Millenia’s submission that Meinhardt Façade held itself out
to Millenia as a façade expert. 810

##### Foot Note 810

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 641.

In 2005, Meinhardt Façade had proposed method statements for the replacement
of the 1st Panel and two other panels damaged in the 1st Fall and the
rectification of defects noted by Arup (see [60] above).

530 I now analyse the proximity requirement with respect to the issuance of
the 20 July 2010 Certificate. In my judgment, in this context, a further
proximity factor – assumption of responsibility – is relevant.

531 For ease of reference, the 20 July 2010 Certificate states:

NOTIFICATION OF RECTIFICATION WORK COMPLETION TO CENTENNIAL TOWER, SINGAPORE

We would like to confirm that, to the best of our knowledge, the rectification
works carried out by Builder's Shop Pte Ltd (from September 2007 - October
2009) to the external perimeter of the Centennial Tower stone cladding (3
Temasek Avenue Centennial Tower, Singapore 39190), has been completed in
accordance with the approved method of statement and in accordance with
clauses 12 and 14 of the settlement agreement between [Millenia] and
[Dragages] and [Builders Shop].

532 I find that, by issuing the 20 July 2010 Certificate, Meinhardt Façade
voluntarily assumed responsibility to Millenia for the following two reasons.

533 First, as I have noted, Meinhardt Façade was not contractually required to
issue the 20 July 2010 Certificate, which was akin to a completion
certificate, and Meinhardt Façade knew this as of June 2009 (see [124] above).
In this light, I find that Meinhardt Façade knowingly went above and beyond
its contractual duties in issuing the 20 July 2010 Certificate.

534 Secondly, I find that when Meinhardt Façade issued the 20 July 2010
Certificate, it knew that it was assuming responsibility to Millenia:

(a) The first draft of the certificate was addressed to Builders Shop and
Dragages (see [126] above). Dragages then requested for a revised version of
the certificate addressed to Millenia (see [130(a)] above). Critically, upon
receiving this request, Mr Ong expressed concerns about acceding to it, noting
that “business wise & contractual wise we are engaged by [Builders Shop]”. I
have found that Mr Ong knew there would be implications if the certificate was
addressed to Millenia (see [130(b)] above).

(b) Similarly, I have found that Mr Meur knew the issuance of a revised
certificate would affect the liability of Meinhardt Façade. He approved the
issuance of the certificate nonetheless because he believed the Rectification
Works were carried out properly, ie, he believed that liability to Millenia
would never accrue or arise (see [130(d)] above).

535 Furthermore, I find that Millenia relied on Meinhardt Façade to exercise
reasonable care and skill in issuing the 20 July 2010 Certificate. The
reliance I have in mind is again that of passive reliance or dependence (see
[523] above).

(a) I deal first with Meinhardt Façade’s claim that Millenia did not rely on
it because (1) cl 11 provided that the Rectification Works would only be
completed upon Arup’s written confirmation of the same and (2) Arup did not
issue this confirmation. I accept that Millenia did not actively rely on the
20 July 2010 Certificate: it did not lead to a change in Millenia’s position
to its detriment (see [523] above). In particular, I agree with Meinhardt
Façade that Millenia did not actively rely on the 20 July 2010 Certificate by
making the 6 August 2010 payment: Millenia made clear by its letter of that
date that the payment was made on a without prejudice basis; its position was
that the written confirmation under cl 11 had not been issued (see [520(c)]
above).

(b) However, I find that Millenia passively relied or depended on Meinhardt
Façade to take reasonable care in issuing the 20 July 2010 Certificate. First,
the 20 July 2010 Certificate is akin to a completion certificate and the very
nature of such certificates is that the owner of the relevant building will
rely on the issuer of the certificate to take reasonable care. Secondly, cl 11
provided that Meinhardt was required to inspect the Cladding to “ensure” the
Rectification Works complied “in all respects” with, inter alia, the
Rectification Works Method Statement, before issuing its confirmation. The
fact that an inspection was required, with the nature and extent of the
inspection clearly specified, before Meinhardt issued its written confirmation
shows that Millenia relied on Meinhardt Façade to take reasonable care in
issuing the written confirmation.

536 I also find that Mr Meur knew Millenia would rely on the 20 July 2010
Certificate. I note the following points:

(a) Mr Meur knew that Millenia, as the owner of the Building, would rely on
the 20 July 2010 Certificate (see [130(d)(ii)] above).

(b) Further, Mr Meur knew even more. Importantly, before he issued the 20 July
2010 Certificate, he obtained a copy of the Settlement Agreement and read it,
in particular cll 11, 12 and 14 (see [144] above). I find that Mr Meur would
therefore have known the following:

(i) the rectification of all the defects in the Cladding was a central goal in
the Settlement Agreement (see [525] above);

(ii) the 20 July 2010 Certificate was crucial to the scheme of the Settlement
Agreement since it was to reflect an independent expert opinion that the
defects had in fact been rectified; and

(iii) Millenia thus relied or depended on Meinhardt Façade to take care in
issuing such an opinion (see [535(b)] above).

537 Again, for the reasons in [529] above, I find that Millenia reasonably
relied on Meinhardt Façade to take care in issuing the 20 July 2010
Certificate.

538 In summary, I find that Millenia relied on Meinhardt Façade to exercise
reasonable care and skill in three respects: inspecting the Façade, proposing
rectification methods and issuing the 20 July 2010 Certificate. I also find
that Meinhardt Façade knew Millenia was relying on it in these respects and
such reliance was reasonable. Additionally, I find that Meinhardt Façade
voluntarily assumed responsibility to Millenia by issuing the 20 July 2010
Certificate which was addressed to Millenia. For all these reasons, I find
that there was sufficient proximity between the parties for a prima facie duty
of care to arise in relation to the three aforementioned respects. I now
consider whether policy factors negate this prima facie duty of care.

(2) Policy

(A) Meinhardt Façade’s submissions

539 Meinhardt Façade claims that even if there was legal proximity, policy
considerations militate against holding that it owed a duty of care to
Millenia. This is because, according to Meinhardt Façade, to hold that it owed
a duty of care to Millenia would subvert the parties’ contractual
arrangements. Meinhardt Façade emphasises three points: 811

##### Foot Note 811

×

Meinhardt Façade’s closing submissions at paras 162–167 and 188.

(a) First, Millenia chose not to contract with Meinhardt Façade but to allow
Dragages and Builders Shop to engage Meinhardt Façade.

(b) Secondly, the Settlement Agreement expressly provided for Meinhardt Façade
to be Dragages’ consultant.

(c) Thirdly, Millenia was adequately protected under the Settlement Agreement
since it obtained remedies thereunder against Dragages and Builders Shop. In
particular, under cl 24, Dragages and Builders Shop agreed to indemnify
Millenia against personal injuries, property damage and third party claims
“arising from and/or in connection with the carrying out of the inspection
and/or Rectification Works”. The court should therefore not better Millenia’s
bargain by holding that Meinhardt Façade owed a duty of care to Millenia.

540 Meinhardt Façade also relies on cl 34 of the Settlement Agreement. 812

##### Foot Note 812

×

Meinhardt Façade’s closing submissions at para 160.

Clause 34 provided that if a dispute arose between the parties to the
Settlement Agreement, the dispute would first be resolved by meeting(s)
between the chief executive officer/managing director/equivalent of the
parties (see [90] above). Meinhardt Façade claims cl 34 is similar to the
arbitration clause in Spandeck; the court there held that no duty of care
arose because the arbitration clause showed the parties intended their mutual
liabilities would only be in contract.

(B) My decision

(I) The law

541 In Animal Concerns Research & Education Society v Tan Boon Kwee [2011] 2
SLR 146 (“Animal Concerns Research”), the appellant engaged a contractor to
construct an animal shelter. The shelter appointed its director as the clerk
of works. The Court of Appeal held that the director owed a duty of care as
clerk of works to the appellant. The court held that the presence of a
contractual matrix could be relevant to both limbs of the Spandeck test (at
[66]). The court then made the following remarks at [71]–[74] on the relevance
of a contractual matrix at the second stage of the Spandeck test:

71 The mere fact that there is a pre-existing contractual relationship or
backdrop between the parties should not, in itself, be sufficient to exclude a
duty of care on one of them to avoid causing pure economic loss to the other
(the situation is a fortiori where, as here, there is in fact no contractual
relationship between the parties, but merely a contractual backdrop, in the
sense that each party was in a separate contractual relationship with a third
party, viz, A.n.A). The true principle, in determining whether or not any
contractual arrangement has this effect, should be whether or not the parties
structured their contracts intending thereby to exclude the imposition of a
tortious duty of care …

72 In Spandeck and Pacific Associates, the presence of an arbitration clause
pointed unequivocally to the fact that the parties deliberately wished for
their contractual arrangements to exclusively govern their respective
liabilities, and to prevent a tortious duty of care which would cut across and
be inconsistent with that contractual structure …

73 Here, however, there is no inconsistency between, on the one hand, the
contract between the Appellant and A.n.A, and, on the other, a duty of care
owed by the Respondent to the Appellant. Certainly, there is no evidence to
suggest that the Appellant and A.n.A had deliberately organised their
contractual arrangements to exclude any potential tortious liability on the
part of the Respondent.

74 Hence, in the absence of any positive steps taken by the parties during the
negotiation and conclusion of the contract between A.n.A and the Appellant, we
are unable to see how the contractual matrix militates against the existence
of a duty of care owed by the Respondent to the Appellant.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

In sum, the test is whether the parties entered into their contractual
arrangements intending to exclude the imposition of a tortious duty of care.

(II) Analysis

542 I find that holding that Meinhardt Façade owed a duty of care to Millenia
would not subvert the contractual arrangements between the parties.

543 The critical provision here is cl 5 of the Settlement Agreement. As I have
explained (see [80(b)] above), the first part of cl 5, in contradistinction to
the second part, expressly envisioned and sought to preserve the liability of
the Meinhardt party who inspected the Cladding and proposed the Rectification
Works Method Statement. It is plain that this liability was to Millenia.
Further, this liability could only have been liability in tort since the
Settlement Agreement did not provide for Millenia to contract with Meinhardt.
I therefore find that the parties to the Settlement Agreement, far from
intending to exclude the liability of Meinhardt Façade, expressly contemplated
and sought to preserve Meinhardt Façade’s potential liability in tort to
Millenia. The facts are even stronger than those in Animal Concerns Research.
In that case, there was merely a paucity of evidence to suggest the parties
intended to exclude the tortious liability of the clerk of works: see Animal
Concerns Research at [73]–[74] (see [541] above). By contrast, cl 5 expressly
indicates that the parties contemplated that Meinhardt Façade might be liable
in tort to Millenia.

544 Clause 5 thus indicates that it would not subvert the parties’ contractual
arrangements to hold that Meinhardt Façade owed Millenia a duty of care in
tort. I now turn to address Meinhardt Façade’s submissions.

545 I begin with the submissions noted at [539(a)]–[539(b)] above. In my view,
it cannot be inferred from the fact that the Settlement Agreement provided for
Dragages and Builders Shop to engage Meinhardt as their consultant that the
parties wished to exclude Meinhardt Façade’s liability to Millenia in tort. It
must be recalled why a role was carved out for Meinhardt under the Settlement
Agreement to begin with. Meinhardt was appointed because Dragages wanted an
independent third party to play a counterbalancing role vis-à-vis Arup, to
“keep the reasonableness going” (see [65] above). Mr Jeyaretnam himself made
this point during oral submissions for Meinhardt Façade. 813

##### Foot Note 813

×

Transcript, 24 February 2017, p 65.

There was no reason for Millenia to engage Meinhardt Façade when it already
had Arup as its consultant and the issue (as Dragages perceived it) was that
Dragages had no expert to provide an opposing view to that of Millenia’s
consultant. This was why the Settlement Agreement provided for Dragages and
Builders Shop to engage Meinhardt as its consultant – the reason was not that
the parties intended that Meinhardt Façade would not owe duties to Millenia.

546 I now turn to the argument that Millenia was adequately protected under
the Settlement Agreement and the court should not better its bargain by
holding that Meinhardt Façade owed Millenia a duty of care (see [539(c)]
above). I do not accept this submission. The test is not whether recognising a
duty of care would better the plaintiff’s bargain; else, a duty of care would
scarcely be recognised where there was a pre-existing contractual matrix or
backdrop, since to do so in such cases would invariably better the plaintiff’s
contractual bargain. The test is whether the parties intended to exclude the
imposition of a duty of care in tort (see [541] above). I do not see how cl 24
and the other remedies given to Millenia under the Settlement Agreement show
that the parties thereto intended to exclude the potential liability of
Meinhardt Façade to Millenia.

547 I now address the relevance of cl 34 (see [540] above). In my view, cl 34
is distinguishable from the arbitration clause in Spandeck. For present
purposes, an arbitration clause has two key features: (1) it only binds the
parties thereto; and (2) as Millenia emphasises, it sets out “the entire
framework” by which the parties thereto agree to resolve their disputes
relating to the matter. 814

##### Foot Note 814

×

Millenia’s reply closing submission at para 409.

In my judgment, the combination of these two factors may support the
conclusion that the parties to the clause intend to exclude the liability of a
third party in tort. By contrast, cl 34 only set out the first port of call
for the resolution of disputes under the Settlement Agreement. In other words,
it does not have the second material feature of an arbitration clause noted
above. I therefore do not accept that it may be inferred from cl 34 that the
parties intended to exclude Meinhardt Façade’s liability in tort. Moreover,
any such inference would be undercut by the clear language of cl 5 which, as I
have explained, envisioned and sought to preserve such liability (see [80(b)]
and [543] above).

548 In sum, I do not accept that it would subvert the Settlement Agreement or
the contractual arrangements between the parties more broadly to hold that
Meinhardt Façade owed a duty of care to Millenia. I reject Meinhardt Façade’s
contention that policy considerations negate its prima facie duty of care.

(3) Conclusion

549 I find that Meinhardt Façade owed Millenia a duty of care regarding:

(a) the inspection of the Façade;

(b) the proposal of rectification methods and the preparation of the
Rectification Works Method Statement more broadly; and

(c) the issuance of the 20 July 2010 Certificate.

What was the scope of Meinhardt Façade’s duty of care?

(1) The parties’ submissions

550 Meinhardt Façade submits, however, that even if it owed a duty of care to
Millenia, this duty was limited by its scope of works under the June 2007
Proposal. In respect of the inspection of the Façade and proposal of
rectification methods, its duty of care (if any) only extended to the
following: 815

##### Foot Note 815

×

Meinhardt Façade’s closing submissions at paras 168–177 and 189–198.

(a) Inspection: Inspecting the Façade excluding the 8 Drops, with experienced
manpower supplied by Dragages, from the exterior of the Building and without
removing the stone panels. The inspection would be of the surface conditions
of the panels and of fixing details that could be observed through the
movement joints.

(b) Proposal of rectification methods: Proposing steps required for remedial
works and advice on alternative solutions, advising on areas of the Façade
representing a significant safety risk and outlining temporary measures to
make the Façade safe, and discussing remedial solutions and assisting Dragages
with the best decision to proceed. The duty of care did not extend to
proposing rectification methods that would ensure that the Façade would be fit
for its purpose.

551 Millenia submits that Meinhardt Façade’s duty of care is not limited by
the latter’s scope of works under the June 2007 Proposal. Rather, the relevant
contractual context was the Settlement Agreement, in whose light the scope of
Meinhardt Façade’s duty should be determined. The duty of care extended to an
inspection of the entire Façade by Meinhardt Façade’s inspectors. 816

##### Foot Note 816

×

Millenia’s reply submissions at paras 421–433.

(2) My decision

552 In Animal Concerns Research, the Court of Appeal stated at [89]–[90]:

89 Given that the Respondent was under a common law duty of care to the
Appellant, it is necessary to consider whether, on the facts, this duty was
breached. This raises, in turn, the issue as to what the scope of that duty
is, for, if the duty does not even include or encompass the matters complained
of, then there is no duty to breach. This will obviously depend heavily on the
specific fact situation of each case and will include such factors as the
contractual duties, if any, that the clerk of works concerned has undertaken.

90 On the facts of the present appeal, it is clear, in our views, that, qua
clerk of works, the Respondent owed the Appellant a duty of care to supervise
the backfilling works, which was undoubtedly an operational matter under the
responsibility of the Respondent. …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The Court of Appeal thus recognised that the scope of a defendant’s duty of
care in tort will depend on, among other things, his or her contractual
duties. On the facts, the respondent’s duty of care extended to supervising
the “backfilling” of the site because this matter fell under his
responsibility.

553 I do not agree with Millenia that the scope of Meinhardt Façade’s duties,
in relation to the inspection of the Façade and proposal of rectification
methods, should be determined by reference to the Settlement Agreement (see
[551] above). First, Meinhardt Façade was a not a party to the Settlement
Agreement and did not owe any duties thereunder. Secondly, Meinhardt Façade
did not have sight of the Settlement Agreement until July 2010 (see [144]
above). By then, it had already inspected the Façade and proposed
rectification methods.

554 I find that Meinhardt Façade’s duty of care is limited by its scope of
works under the June 2007 Proposal. Meinhardt Façade’s duties thereunder did
not extend to conducting a full inspection of the Cladding: as I have found,
the 2007 Inspection was only to cover 64 drops: drops 1–16, 22–37, 41–56 and
62–77 (see [100] above). In other words, and this is of critical importance,
Meinhardt Façade’s duty of care did not extend to an inspection of drop 80
(during the Inspection Phase), from which the 2nd Panel fell. Nor was
Meinhardt Façade required to inspect the Cladding with its own manpower; in
fact, Meinhardt Façade quoted a sharply reduced fee of $112,000 for the full
inspection under the June 2007 Proposal on the basis that manpower supplied by
Dragages would perform the inspection (see [67] above). Meinhardt Façade’s
duty of care could not be enlarged by what Ms Perez had said or represented to
Millenia (see [38(a)] above), or by cl 1 of the Settlement Agreement which was
only entered into between Millenia, Dragages and Builders Shop. Meinhardt
Façade did not participate in the negotiations leading up to the execution of
the Settlement Agreement and in fact did not see its terms until July 2010
(see [144] above). In any event, as I have emphasised, Millenia accepted that
cl 1 of the Settlement Agreement did not require an inspection of the 8 Drops
(see [76] above) and drop 80 was one of the 80 Drops.

555 I thus find that Meinhardt Façade’s duty of care in relation to the 2007
Inspection, with one caveat, only extended to the 64 drops noted above. The
caveat is that, in my judgment, Meinhardt Façade’s duty of care also extended
to drop 17 which it did inspect although it was not engaged to do so. I also
find that Meinhardt Façade’s duty of care did not require it to carry out the
inspection with its own employees.

556 I accept Meinhardt Façade’s arguments on the scope of its duty of care
relating to the nature of the inspection and proposal of rectification methods
(see [550(a)]–[550(b)] above). Moreover, I hold specifically that Meinhardt
Façade was not obliged to identify mere departures from contractual
requirements. It does not appear that Meinhardt Façade was provided with the
specifications at the time of the 2007 Inspection. In any event, I find that
Meinhardt Façade was engaged to identify defects which gave rise to safety
risks, not mere deviations from contractual requirements. I hold that
Meinhardt Façade’s duty of care required it to take care in identifying
defects amounting to safety risks.

557 I now consider whether Meinhardt Façade breached its duty of care.

Did Meinhardt Façade breach its duty of care?

(1) Millenia’s submissions

558 Millenia submits that Meinhardt Façade breached its duty of care by: 817

##### Foot Note 817

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 667–716; Millenia’s reply submissions
at paras 438–444.

(a) failing to identify the 2nd Panel as defective and failing to ensure that
it was rectified;

(b) failing to conduct a proper full inspection of the Cladding;

(c) failing to propose effective rectification methods;

(d) approving the use of the Stitching Procedure; and

(e) failing to ensure that the Rectification Works were properly done before
issuing the 20 July 2010 Certificate.

559 The allegations of breach in [558(b)]–[558(e)] above were pleaded by
Millenia (see [171] above). However, the allegation in [558(a)] above was not
expressly pleaded. Mr Jeyaretnam took this point in relation to the first limb
of [558(a)], submitting that “the failure to observe” which Millenia pleaded
(see [171(a)] above) “is not related to the [2nd Fall]”. 818

##### Foot Note 818

×

Transcript, 24 February 2017, p 114.

He did not submit, however, that Millenia did not adequately plead the second
limb of [558(a)] (Meinhardt Façade failed to ensure that the 2nd Panel was
rectified). I note that Millenia pleaded that the Meinhardt Parties breached
their duty of care in tort by failing to propose remedial works that would
ensure the Building was fit for its purpose, and referred to its pleading on
the 2nd Fall in doing so. 819

##### Foot Note 819

×

Millenia’s SOC at paras 60 and 77(A).

I therefore accept that the second limb of the allegation was adequately
pleaded, although I agree with Mr Jeyaretnam that the first limb was not.
Nonetheless, for completeness, I will deal with both limbs of the allegation.

560 I now address the allegations of breach in turn.

(2) Failing to identify the 2nd Panel as defective and failing to ensure that
it was rectified

561 I find that Meinhardt Façade did not breach its duty of care in failing to
identify the 2nd Panel as defective during the 2007 Inspection. Significantly,
the 2nd Panel was located on drop 80, which was one of the 8 Drops. I have
held that an inspection of drop 80 fell outside the scope of Meinhardt
Façade’s duty of care (see [554] above). Since Meinhardt Façade was not
obliged to inspect drop 80, it could not have breached its duty in failing to
identify the 2nd Panel, which was located on drop 80, as defective during the
2007 Inspection.

562 I find that Meinhardt Facade did not breach its duty of care by failing to
identify the 2nd Panel as defective while inspecting the Rectification Works
and by failing to ensure that it was rectified. The critical facts are these:

(a) First, an inspection of the Rectification Works was not part of Meinhardt
Façade’s scope of works under the June 2007 Proposal (see [64], [67] and [124]
above).

(b) Secondly, Meinhardt Façade never inspected the 2nd Panel during its
inspection of the Rectification Works (see [118] above).

(c) Thirdly, the reason why Meinhardt Façade was not required to inspect the 8
Drops was that Arup and Earth Arts had already inspected them and identified
the defective panels on the 8 Drops. These were the Schedule A and (some of
the) Schedule C Defects.

(d) Fourthly, Mr Meur saw the Settlement Agreement in July 2010 (see [144] and
[536(b)] above). He would have seen, among other clauses, cll 1 and 11. He
would have learnt that under cl 11, Meinhardt had to provide written
confirmation of its approval of the Rectification Works. It is vital to note
that the certification concerned the Rectification Works. It did not pertain
to panels that were not rectified. Now, Mr Meur would also have seen that
under cl 1, Meinhardt Façade was obliged to inspect the Façade for defects and
the Rectification Works would be performed to those panels Meinhardt Façade
identified as defective and the Schedule A and Schedule C Defects. But it is
not in dispute in this trial – and this is also of critical importance – that
cl 1 did not require an inspection of the 8 Drops (see [76] above).

In this light, in my view, Meinhardt Facade’s duty of care (in relation to the
issuance of the 20 July 2010 Certificate) did not require it to inspect panels
on the 8 Drops that had not been identified as defective or rectified to
ensure that they were not defective. Meinhardt Façade was not obliged to
inspect the 2nd Panel before issuing the 20 July 2010 Certificate.

563 Millenia submits as follows: (1) Meinhardt Façade had a duty to inspect
the Rectification Works to ensure that all the remedial methods which were
required were carried out properly; (2) the Final Progress Report identified
the 2nd Panel as defective and requiring rectification; (3) yet no
rectification works were carried out to the 2nd Panel. 820

##### Foot Note 820

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 673.

I do not agree. To take a step back, Millenia’s submission here is essentially
that Meinhardt Façade knew or should have known the 2nd Panel required
rectification but did not see that this was done. This submission is difficult
to accept because, as I have noted, Meinhardt Façade did not inspect drop 80
in the Inspection Phase and the 2nd Panel was not identified as a panel with a
Schedule A or a Schedule C Defect; the need to rectify the 2nd Panel was not
brought to Meinhardt Façade’s attention (see [117] above). Premise (2) of
Millenia’s argument is thus critical because it seeks to establish that
Meinhardt Facade did know or should have known that the 2nd Panel required
rectification. Yet I have found that the Final Progress Report, which was
prepared by Dragages, wrongly identified the 2nd Panel, not as a panel
requiring rectification, but as a panel that was rectified (see [118] above).
There could be many reasons for this, eg, a transposition error by Dragages,
and there is thus little basis for me to find that the idea that the 2nd Panel
required rectification was brought to Meinhardt Façade’s attention. The Final
Progress Report is thus scant basis for me to infer that Meinhardt Façade knew
or should have known the 2nd Panel required rectification. I thus reject this
submission.

(3) Failing to conduct a proper full inspection of the Cladding

564 First, Millenia submits that Meinhardt Façade breached its duty of care
during the 2007 Inspection because (1) it only inspected 45 drops instead of
the 72 drops it was required to inspect at the minimum, and (2) Meinhardt
Façade did not carry out the 2007 Inspection all by itself: rather, Builders
Shop workers did (most of) the inspection. 821

##### Foot Note 821

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 683–688.

I do not accept Millenia’s submissions:

(a) First, I have found that Meinhardt Façade inspected 65 drops (see [101]
above). I have also found that Meinhardt Façade’s duty of care only extended
to an inspection of these 65 drops (see [555] above). I therefore find that
Meinhardt Façade did not breach its duty of care by virtue of the fact that it
inspected 65 drops instead of 72 or 80 drops.

(b) Secondly, I have found that Meinhardt Façade’s duty of care did not
require it to carry out the inspection with its own workers. I thus do not
accept that Meinhardt Façade breached its duty of care because it did not
carry out the 2007 Inspection by itself (see [554] above).

565 Additionally, Millenia submits that Meinhardt Façade negligently failed to
identify certain defects:

(a) First, Millenia submits that Meinhardt Façade negligently failed to
identify two categories of defects completely (during the Inspection Phase):
brackets that were not perpendicular to the RC wall (DT5) and panels resting
on shafts that were too short (DT6). 822

##### Foot Note 822

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 693.

I disagree. I have found that DT5 and DT6 were defects in that they were
departures from the contractual specifications. But I have found that DT5 and
DT6 did not give rise to a real safety risk (see [288] and [293] above). As I
have held, Meinhardt Façade’s duty of care only required it to take reasonable
care in identifying defects amounting to safety risks (see [556] above). I
thus do not accept that Meinhardt Façade breached its duty of care in failing
to identify DT5 and DT6.

(b) Secondly, Millenia claims Meinhardt Façade negligently failed to identify
all instances where nuts and washers were inserted between panels (DT8) and
shaky panels (DT1/DT15). Meinhardt Façade only found 156 panels with DT8,
whereas Arup found 757 panels affected by DT8; Meinhardt Façade only found a
single panel that was shaky due to oversized holes, whereas Arup found 240
such panels. 823

##### Foot Note 823

×

Vol 9 BAEIC, AEIC of Yang Li dated 15 January 2014 at LY-02, paras 237–238 and
242–243 (pp 100–101).

I note here that Arup’s figures are based on an inspection of the entire
Façade. As I have noted, Meinhardt Façade only inspected 65 drops and it did
not breach its duty of care in failing to inspect the others (see [564(a)]
above). But given the large discrepancies in the numbers, it appears that
Meinhardt Façade negligently failed to identify some instances of DT8 and DT1
and DT15. I have found that cases of DT8 where the shafts were installed in
contact with the panels below and DT1/DT15 were defects that gave rise to a
real safety risk (see [259] and [301] above). I therefore find that Meinhardt
Façade breached its duty of care in failing to identify some instances of DT8
and DT1/DT15 on the 65 drops it inspected.

(4) Failing to propose effective rectification methods

566 As I have noted, I accept Meinhardt Façade’s submission that its duty of
care did not require it to propose rectification methods that would ensure
that the Façade was fit for its purpose (see [550(b)] and [556] above).

567 I find that Meinhardt Façade did not breach its duty of care in proposing
rectification methods, for the following reasons:

(a) First, I agree with Meinhardt Façade that the applicable standard of care
is that of a reasonable façade consultant in Meinhardt Façade’s position, and
that I should account for whether the rectification methods proposed were in
accordance with industry standards. 824

##### Foot Note 824

×

Meinhardt Façade’s closing submissions at paras 361–362.

(b) Secondly, critically, the rectification methods that Meinhardt Façade
proposed were all ultimately approved by Arup apart from the structural
silicone method, which was not used on the Cladding (see [111] and [123]
above). I accept Meinhardt Façade’s submission that Arup’s approval of the
rectification methods which it proposed shows that those methods met industry
standards, and that Meinhardt Façade did not breach its duty of care in
proposing them. 825

##### Foot Note 825

×

Meinhardt Façade’s closing submissions at para 411.

(5) Approving the use of the Stitching Procedure

568 I find that Meinhardt Façade breached its duty of care in approving the
use of the Stitching Procedure. As I have noted, the Stitching Procedure was
used with the aim of stabilising cracks on panels (see [316] above). However,
I have found that it was not an appropriate rectification method for even
small cracks, in particular because it involved use of straight smooth rods
instead of rods akin to staples with indented or threaded surfaces (see
[319]–[320] above). I therefore find that Meinhardt Façade was negligent in
approving the use of the Stitching Procedure.

(6) Negligently representing that the Rectification Works were carried out in
accordance with the Settlement Agreement

569 I find that Meinhardt Façade breached its duty of care by negligently
representing in the 20 July 2010 Certificate that the Rectification Works were
carried out in accordance with the approved rectification methods and cll 12
and 14 of the Settlement Agreement, for the following reasons.

570 First, some of the Rectification Works involved the use of the Stitching
Procedure. This did not form part of the Rectification Works Method Statement,
as was noted in Arup’s 1st 2010 Report: see [136] above. It was also not an
appropriate rectification method (see [319]–[320] and [568] above).

571 Secondly, in my discussion of the Defects Issue, I have found that there
were several cases of various defects that were not adequately rectified. I
note that Meinhardt Façade submits that defects could have arisen between the
date of the completion of the Rectification Works and the date of Arup’s 100%
Inspection due to unforeseen events, such as BMU impacts and vibrations from
the MRT Works. 826

##### Foot Note 826

×

Meinhardt Façade’s closing submissions at paras 543–544.

I do not accept this submission for two reasons.

(a) First, some of the defects could not have arisen due to external events,
eg, the insertion of silicone setting blocks that were not removed thereafter
(DT9a) and improperly embedded anchor bolts (DT3).

(b) Secondly, I have rejected the Vibrations Thesis and the BMU Thesis (apart
from finding that one panel was damaged by a BMU): see [359] and [362] above.

I therefore find that most of the defects that were found on the Cladding to
be inadequately rectified must have been present on the Cladding at the
completion of the Rectification Works. Nonetheless, Meinhardt Façade issued
the 20 July 2010 Certificate representing that the Rectification Works had
been carried out in accordance with, inter alia, cl 12 of the Settlement
Agreement which required the works to have been “carried out in a good
workmanlike manner” and to be “of a permanent nature” (see [82] above). I find
that this statement was incorrect and Meinhardt Façade was negligent in making
it. I would add that the fact that the 20 July 2010 Certificate included the
caveat “to the best of our knowledge” does not detract from this conclusion.
In my judgment, that caveat would not have significantly qualified the meaning
of the 20 July 2010 Certificate. On the facts of this case, it would have
carried the full weight of a professional engineer’s assessment that the
Rectification Works had been properly implemented. To its credit, Meinhardt
Façade did not suggest otherwise.

572 I now turn to consider whether Meinhardt Façade’s breaches of its duties
of care caused the loss Millenia claims was caused.

Did any breach cause the loss Millenia claims was caused?

573 It is important at the outset to recall the nature of the loss in respect
of which Millenia brings its claims against Meinhardt Façade. Millenia’s claim
is for the loss which flows from the 2nd Fall (see [492] above). Millenia
would only be entitled to recover this loss if it showed that Meinhardt
Façade’s breaches was a cause of the 2nd Fall, and therefore caused Millenia
to suffer the losses flowing from the same.

574 Having carefully considered the evidence, I have come to the conclusion
that Millenia’s claims against Meinhardt Façade fail at this final hurdle. I
have found that Meinhardt Façade breached its duty of care by:

(a) failing to identify some instances of DT8 and DT1/DT15 on the 65 drops it
inspected (see [565(b)] above);

(b) approving the rectification works carried out using the Stitching
Procedure (see [568] above); and

(c) negligently representing in the 20 July 2010 Certificate that the
Rectification Works were carried out in accordance with the Settlement
Agreement (see [569] above).

575 However, I find that none of these breaches have any causal connection to
the 2nd Fall, for the following reasons:

(a) First, in relation to the breach in [574(a)] above, the key point is that
the 2nd Panel was not located on the 65 drops that Meinhardt Façade inspected.
Hence, even if the 2nd Panel fell because it was affected by DT8 and/or
DT1/DT15, this would not have been caused by the breach noted in [574(a)]
above. Further, I have found that the 2nd Panel fell because its top pins
failed to adequately restrain the panel. This was due to chips or cracks
around the pins (caused by the use of undersized pins) and the insufficient
embedment of the top left pin (see [402] above). This was not due to DT8. I
note that DT8 gave rise to a risk of stacking (see [259] above); and chips
around the pins could have been caused by stacking (see [233] above). Yet I
have rejected the hypothesis that stacking caused the 2nd Fall (see [393]
above).

(b) Secondly, it is plain that the breach in [574(b)] does not have any causal
connection to the 2nd Fall. I have found that the 2nd Panel was not stitched
(see [383] above).

(c) Thirdly, the breach in [574(c)] above did not cause the 2nd Fall. There is
no evidence of any causal connection between the 20 July 2010 Certificate and
the 2nd Fall. For example, there is no evidence that, but for the certificate,
Millenia would have requested Arup to inspect the entire Cladding and would
have identified the 2nd Panel as defective in the course of that inspection.
In fact, there is no evidence of any causal link between the 20 July 2010
Certificate and any loss that Millenia suffered. I note that upon receiving
the 20 July 2010 Certificate, Millenia paid $37,450 to Dragages (see [146]
above). However, as I have found, Millenia did not actively rely on the
certificate because it made clear in the 6 August 2010 Letter that it did not
accept it received a written confirmation in accordance with cl 11 of the
Settlement Agreement and was making payment on a without prejudice basis (see
[535(a)] above). I therefore find that the 20 July 2010 Certificate did not
even cause Millenia to suffer loss in the form of the $37,450 which it paid
out.

576 Ultimately, the key difficulty with Millenia’s case on causation is this.
Millenia has not established any breach on Meinhardt Façade’s part pertaining
specifically to the 2nd Panel or the 2nd Fall. I have not accepted Millenia’s
submission that Meinhardt Façade breached its duty of care by failing to
identify the 2nd Panel as defective or by failing to ensure that it was
rectified (see [561]–[563] above). In the circumstances, it is difficult to
establish any causal link between breaches by Meinhardt Façade and the 2nd
Fall.

577 For these reasons, I find that Meinhardt Façade’s breaches of its duty of
care did not cause the loss which Millenia is claiming for against Meinhardt
Façade. I therefore dismiss Millenia’s claims against Meinhardt Façade.

Millenia’s claims against Arup

Introduction

578 Millenia’s claims against Arup are for (1) breach of Arup’s duties under
the 2004 Appointment Letter and duty of care in tort (“the 2004 Appointment
Claims”) and (2) breach of Arup’s duties under the 2007 Appointment Letter and
duty of care in tort (“the 2007 Appointment Claims”). 827

##### Foot Note 827

×

Millenia’s submissions at para 717.

Millenia’s claims mirror many claims advanced by Dragages, Builders Shop and
the Meinhardt Parties against Arup in the third-party proceedings; my analysis
of Millenia’s claims will therefore apply to many of the third party claims.

579 Millenia does not claim the cost of rectifying or replacing the Cladding
from Arup, albeit Millenia submits that if it has lost remedies against the
other defendants due to Arup’s negligence, it is entitled to recover the full
loss it claims in this suit from Arup (see [175] above). I have not accepted a
similar conditional claim against the Meinhardt Parties (see [493] above). For
similar reasons, I do not accept this conditional claim against Arup. First,
no such claim was pleaded. Secondly, Millenia has not made any submissions
regarding how or why it has lost any remedy against the other defendants, or
had any of its claims compromised, due to Arup’s negligence. Hence, if
necessary, I find that Millenia has not lost any remedy against the other
defendants, or had any of its claims compromised, due to the negligence of
Arup.

580 In this light, as with Millenia’s claims against the Meinhardt Parties,
Millenia’s claims against Arup are essentially for the losses it sustained
flowing from the 2nd Fall. Millenia’s case is that Arup’s breaches of its
duties caused or contributed to the 2nd Fall, and Arup is thus liable for
losses due to the same.

581 I now examine the issue of whether Arup breached its duties to Millenia,
turning first to the 2004 Appointment Claims.

Did Arup breach its duties to Millenia?

The 2004 Appointment Claims

582 I first examine the duties which Arup owed to Millenia in relation to the
2004 Appointment Claims.

(1) Arup’s duties to Millenia

(A) Contractual duties under Arup’s 2004 Contract

583 I hold that Arup owed the following express duties to Millenia under
Arup’s 2004 Contract:

(a) to investigate the 1st Fall and the integrity of the Cladding, by
inspecting a representative portion of the Façade, which was to be a non-
destructive, visual inspection conducted with the use of a borescope to enable
inspection of the brackets supporting the stone panels (Sections 1, 2.3.1.2
and 4.1–4.2 of Arup’s 2004 Proposal); and

(b) to produce two reports: an interim report setting out the required
remedial works, to satisfy the BCA’s requirements under the 1st BCA Order (see
[32] above), and a finalised report containing the inspection results, Arup’s
structural and technical assessment of the Façade, advice on potential
remedial works and recommendations on future action (Sections 4.3–4.4 of
Arup’s 2004 Proposal). 828

##### Foot Note 828

×

68AB 53901, 53908, 53910–53911, 53916–53918.

584 I also agree with Millenia that Arup owed an implied duty under Arup’s
2004 Contract to inspect the Façade with reasonable care and skill. 829

##### Foot Note 829

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 725–738.

Where a skilled or professional person contracts to render services to a
client in return for a fee, “there is at common law an implied term in law
that he will exercise reasonable skill and care in rendering those services”:
Go Dante Yap at [24].

585 Millenia submits that under the 2004 Contract, Arup was obliged to (1)
identify infill panels on the 8 Drops and (2) warn Millenia if Arup knew, from
its inspection, that the infill panels could not be located. 830

##### Foot Note 830

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 744–769.

586 I do not accept that the 2004 Contract included any such express term or
implied term. Millenia did not plead such a term. I note, however, that
Millenia submits that Arup was required, as part of its duty to inspect the
Cladding (with reasonable care) (see [583(a)] above), to identify infill
panels on the 8 Drops and to warn Millenia that infill panels could not be
located if Arup learnt this from its inspection. 831

##### Foot Note 831

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 744.

In other words, Millenia claims Arup breached its duty to inspect the Façade
(with due care) because it did not identify infill panels and did not warn
Millenia that these panels could not be located. I address this submission at
[591]–[598] below.

587 Millenia also submits that Arup owed it a contractual duty to advise it to
(1) undertake proper maintenance of the Building and/or (2) implement safety
and risk management measures to guard against foreign and/or external forces
caused by deep underground works in the Building’s vicinity. 832

##### Foot Note 832

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 786–788 and 795.

588 I hold that the 2004 Contract did not contain any such express term.
Further, Millenia did not plead or submit, and I hold, that the 2004 Contract
also did not contain any such implied term. Nonetheless, I recognise that even
if the 2004 Contract did not specifically provide for Arup to advise Millenia
in relation to maintenance and the implementation of safety and risk
management measures, Arup may have breached its contractual or tortious duty
of care in failing to provide such advice. I address this possibility at
[599]–[604] below.

(B) Duty of care in tort

589 I hold that Arup owed Millenia a duty of care in tort in relation to its
works under Arup’s 2004 Contract. In Go Dante Yap, the Court of Appeal noted
at [20] that where parties “have expressly or impliedly negotiated an
obligation on one of them to exercise care and skill in the exercise of his
rights or duties under the contract, it is entirely possible that an identical
duty of care could exist in the tort of negligence” [emphasis added]. I find
that there is sufficient proximity between the parties, based on the
contractual relationship between Millenia and Arup, for a duty of care to
arise. Arup also does not contend that there are any policy considerations
which militate against a duty of care, and I find that there are none. The
Spandeck test for a duty of care is therefore fulfilled.

(2) Millenia’s allegations of breach

590 Millenia submits that Arup breached its duties to Millenia by: 833

##### Foot Note 833

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 770–785 and 786–795.

(a) failing to identify the 2nd Panel as defective in Arup’s 2nd 2004 Report;

(b) failing to warn Millenia that infill panels could not be located;

(c) failing to advise Millenia:

(i) to undertake proper maintenance of the Cladding; and

(ii) to implement measures to guard against the adverse effects of underground
works in the vicinity of the Building.

I now address these allegations of breach in turn.

(A) Failing to identify the 2nd Panel as defective

591 I find that Arup did not breach its duties to Millenia by not identifying
the 2nd Panel as defective in its 2nd 2004 Report.

592 The thrust of Millenia’s submission here is that (1) the 2nd Panel was an
infill panel; (2) Arup breached its duty to inspect the Cladding with due care
by failing to identify the 2nd Panel as an infill panel. Premise (2) is based
on Arup’s hypothesis that infill panels were installed without top pins:
Millenia claims that a façade inspector exercising due care would have
ascertained that the 2nd Panel was an infill panel missing its top pins. 834

##### Foot Note 834

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 775 and 776(b).

I do not accept this submission.

(a) First, I have found that infill panels generally, and the 2nd Panel
specifically, were installed with their top pins (see [388]–[389] above).
Therefore, the factual basis of Millenia’s submission that Arup breached its
duty – infill panels generally, and the 2nd Panel specifically, were installed
without top pins; Arup breached its duty of care in failing to identify the
2nd Panel as a panel missing its top pins – falls away.

(b) Secondly, more broadly, I do not accept that Arup breached its duty of
care in failing to identify infill panels in its inspection of the Cladding.
The key reason is that Arup was engaged to conduct a non-destructive, visual
inspection of the Cladding (see [583(a)] above). Yet the evidence was that it
would have been very difficult to identify infill panels in the course of a
non-destructive inspection. In a letter to the BCA dated 13 June 2011, Arup
stated as follows: 835

##### Foot Note 835

×

89AB 70870.

Infill panels are not specifically identified and reported in the inspection.
This is because it [is] physically very difficult to positively identify an
infill panel unless the granite panel and the insulation are removed to check
for evidence of the tower fixings. [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

It appears that the key sign of an infill panel was tie back anchor marks on
the RC wall. This was how Arup identified the 2nd Panel as an infill panel.
836

##### Foot Note 836

×

85AB 67799, 67828.

However, in a non-destructive inspection, the inspector’s view of marks on the
RC wall would have been obscured by the panel and the insulation between the
RC wall and the panel (see [22] above). I find on this basis that it would
have been extremely difficult, if not impossible, to identify infill panels in
a non-destructive inspection of the Cladding.

593 Furthermore, putting the matter of the 2nd Panel being an infill panel to
one side, in view of my findings on the cause of the 2nd Fall, there is
insufficient evidence that Arup breached its duty of care in failing to
identify the 2nd Panel as defective. I have found that the 2nd Panel fell
because its top pins failed to restrain it, due to chips or cracks around the
top pins at the back of the 2nd Panel (see [402] above). Critically, there is
no evidence that the chips or cracks began to form when Arup inspected the 2nd
Panel in 2004. Instead, the evidence points in the other direction. When Earth
Arts inspected the 2nd Panel in 2007, it simply noted that the top left pin
was “only in 5mm” and that the panel was loose (see [386(b)] above). It did
not note that chips or cracks had formed around the top pins. This indicates
that such deterioration in the state of the 2nd Panel occurred after 2007,
years after Arup inspected the 2nd Panel in 2004. I also bear in mind that
Arup inspected the 8 Drops under time constraints, and that the inspection was
a non-destructive visual inspection, albeit with the use of a borescope.

594 I am therefore unable to find that Arup breached its duty of care under
the 2004 Contract or in tort by not identifying the 2nd Panel as defective in
its 2nd 2004 Report. Hence, I do not accept this allegation of breach.

(B) Failing to warn that infill panels could not be located

595 I find that Arup did not breach its duties to Millenia by not warning the
latter that infill panels could not be located.

596 I accept that if Arup knew infill panels could not be located, around the
time it submitted its 1st and/or 2nd 2004 Reports, it would have been obliged
to inform Millenia of this. In my view, this would not have fallen under
Arup’s duty to inspect the Cladding, as Millenia submits (see [586] above),
but its duty of care and skill in advising Millenia on remedial works/future
courses of action (see [583(b)] and [584] above). In the 1st 2004 Report, Arup
took the view that there was a systemic problem with all infill panels which
Arup believed had been installed without their top pins (see [49] above). If
Arup knew that the infill panels could not be located, Arup should have
informed Millenia of this because this would have had significant implications
for the remedial works or safety measures which (Arup believed) were necessary
to be effected.

597 However, I find that Arup did not know at or around the time of the 2004
Reports that infill panels could not be located. I find that at the time, the
parties were proceeding on the basis that Dragages had a list of the infill
panels:

(a) First, the first time that Dragages made clear that it did not have such a
list was on 29 April 2008 (see [108] above).

(b) Secondly, I find (based on meeting minutes) that Arup asked Dragages
during a meeting on 24 November 2004 for the number and location of infill
panels. 837

##### Foot Note 837

×

69AB 54620.

It seems Dragages then gave Arup with a rough plan of the drops on which
infill panels would be found, which Arup forwarded to the BCA by a letter
dated 16 December 2004. 838

##### Foot Note 838

×

69AB 54822–54823.

The evidence thus indicates, and I find, that Arup did not know that the
infill panels could not be located. Arup had been given a rough plan of where
the infill panels would be found, and was not informed until 2008 that
Dragages did not have a list of all the infill panels (see [109] above).

598 I therefore find that Arup did not breach its duties to Millenia by not
warning Millenia that infill panels could not be located. For completeness, I
note that Millenia did not plead or submit that Arup had breached its duties
by failing to inform Millenia that there was no list of infill panels once it
learnt this in 2008. It is unclear on the evidence whether Arup informed
Millenia of this. The point was neither pleaded nor pursued in submissions and
I therefore need not consider it further.

(C) Failing to advise Millenia to undertake maintenance

599 I find that Arup did not breach its duties to Millenia by not advising the
latter to undertake proper maintenance of the Building.

600 Arup did not owe a specific contractual duty to advise Millenia to
undertake proper maintenance (see [588] above). However, there remains the
question of whether Arup breached its contractual or tortious duty of care to
Millenia in failing to provide Millenia with such advice.

601 I accept that Arup may have breached its duty of care in not advising
Millenia to undertake maintenance if (1) Arup had come to the view that lack
of proper maintenance caused or contributed to the 1st Fall or the defects
and/or (2) improper maintenance in fact caused the same. Yet Arup did not
reach such a view, and there is no evidence that lack of maintenance caused
the defects (see [363] above). I thus find that Arup did not breach its duty
of care in not advising Millenia to undertake proper maintenance. Notably, Mr
Foo accepted this: he conceded that advising Millenia on maintenance of the
Façade “was not in the appointment, unless it [was] … the cause of it … But if
those are not the causes, then – then I guess Arup need not have to advise us”
[emphasis added]. 839

##### Foot Note 839

×

Transcript, 23 April 2014, p 72.

I therefore do not accept this allegation of breach.

(D) Failing to advise Millenia to implement safety or risk management measures

602 I find that Arup did not breach its duties to Millenia by not advising the
latter to implement safety or risk management measures to guard against the
adverse effects of underground works in the vicinity of the Building.

603 Millenia submits that Arup breached its duties because: 840

##### Foot Note 840

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 789–792.

(a) Arup stated in the 1st 2004 Report that vibrations from the MRT Works
could have contributed to the 1st Fall (see [47(b)(iii)] above) and also knew
that Mr Lauw had taken the position that the 1st Fall occurred due to foreign
and/or external forces (see [40(c) above); however,

(b) Arup did not follow up on the issue of vibrations in its 2nd 2004 Report
or thereafter but “decided that it could simply drop the issue”.

604 I do not accept this submission. It is critical to understand why Arup did
not pursue the issue of vibrations after raising it as a possible cause of the
1st Fall in the 1st 2004 Report. As noted at [57] above, Mr Chin explained
that after Arup had reviewed the vibration records from the LTA, and inspected
Millenia Tower and found no defects thereon, Arup concluded that it was “too
highly improbable” that vibrations were a cause of the defects. I find that in
the circumstances, given the evidence indicating that vibrations were not a
primary cause of the 1st Fall or the defects, it was reasonable for Arup not
to advise Millenia to implement safety or risk management measures to guard
against the adverse effects of the MRT Works. Notably, I have relied on the
same pieces of evidence – the absence of defects on Millenia Tower and the
evidence from the vibration meters – to conclude that vibrations were at most
a minor contributory cause of defects such as cracks and chips (having found
that other defects were not caused by vibrations): see [336] and [347(a)(i)]
above. I therefore do not accept this allegation of breach.

605 For all of these reasons, I do not accept the 2004 Appointment Claims. I
now turn to the 2007 Appointment Claims.

The 2007 Appointment Claims

606 Millenia submits that Arup breached its duties under the 2007 Appointment
Letter and/or its duty of care in tort by:

(a) negligently accepting the Rectification Works when they had not been
properly completed, and

(b) by failing to ensure the Rectification Works rendered the Building fit for
its purpose.

In relation to [(a)], I note that Millenia’s primary case is that Arup did not
accept the Rectification Works. 841

##### Foot Note 841

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 797.

This submission is advanced in the alternative on the premise that I find that
Arup accepted the Rectification Works. Arup submits that Millenia may not
claim that Arup had accepted the Rectification Works as this is inconsistent
with Millenia’s primary case. 842

##### Foot Note 842

×

Arup’s closing submissions at paras 284–288.

I disagree: it is settled law that a plaintiff may plead inconsistent causes
of action in the alternative, so long as the facts relied upon are set out
separately, and the alternatives do not offend common sense and justice: Ng
Chee Weng v Lim Jit Ming Bryan and another [2012] 1 SLR 457 at [33]–[36].
Here, Millenia’s pleadings were clear and I find that it would not “offend
common sense and justice” for Millenia to advance its alternative case,
because the issue of whether Arup accepted the Rectification Works was
disputed by Dragages and put before me for my determination.

607 I now address the 2007 Appointment Claims. First, as for the submission
noted in [606(a)] above, I have found that Arup did not issue its confirmation
that the Rectification Works were carried out in accordance with the
Settlement Agreement; the disagreements between Arup and Meinhardt Façade
regarding the cracked panels were never finally resolved (see [149] above). I
thus find that Arup did not accept that the Rectification Works were properly
completed. It follows that this allegation of breach has no factual basis, and
I reject it.

608 Secondly, in relation to the submission noted in [606(b)] above, I do not
accept that Arup owed Millenia a duty, whether in contract or in tort, to
ensure that the Rectification Works rendered the Building fit for its purpose:

(a) First, I hold that there was no such contractual duty. The 2007
Appointment Letter did not include such an express term. Moreover, I am
satisfied that there was no such implied term. I agree with Arup that none of
the three stages of the test set out in Sembcorp Marine are fulfilled. 843

##### Foot Note 843

×

Arup’s closing submissions at paras 279–282.

In particular, I hold that the business efficacy and officious bystander tests
are not satisfied, because an onerous duty of ensuring the Building was
rendered fit for purpose does not sit well with (1) cl 7 of the 2007
Appointment Letter, which laid down a standard of reasonable skill and care, a
far less stringent standard than that of ensuring fitness for purpose and (2)
the fact that Arup contracted to perform its services for a fixed fee of
$40,000 (see [91(a)] and [91(b)] above).

(b) Secondly, I hold that there was no such duty in tort. The alleged duty is
not a duty of care. It is a strict duty to ensure a result, viz, that the
Building would be fit for purpose. I was not shown any authorities for the
proposition that such a duty could have arisen in tort.

609 For these reasons, I do not accept the 2007 Appointment Claims.

Conclusion

610 I conclude that Arup did not breach its duties to Millenia: the 2004 and
2007 Appointment Claims are not made out. For completeness, however, I now
address the defences raised by Arup.

Arup’s defences to Millenia’s claims

611 Arup raises the following defences to the 2004 Appointment Claims: 844

##### Foot Note 844

×

Arup’s closing submissions at para 293b.

(a) First, the 2004 Appointment Claims (premised on breach of the 2004
Contract) are time-barred under:

(i) cl 6.5 of the Conditions of Engagement for Report and Advisory Work of the
Association of Consulting Engineers (“ACES” and “the ACES Terms”
respectively): Arup claims that the ACES Terms were incorporated into the 2004
Contract; and

(ii) s 24A(3) of the Limitation Act.

(b) Secondly, even if Arup is liable to Millenia in respect of the 2004
Appointment Claims (premised on breach of the 2004 Contract), its liability is
limited to:

(i) the sum of S$1,000,000, pursuant to Section 5.3 of the 2004 Proposal, and

(ii) the proportion of loss or damage attributable to Arup’s breaches,
pursuant to cl 6.4(iii) of the ACES Terms.

612 Arup raises the following defences to the 2007 Appointment Claims
(premised on breach of the 2007 Appointment Letter): 845

##### Foot Note 845

×

Arup’s closing submissions at para 293c.

(a) First, the 2007 Appointment Claims are time-barred under cl 7 of the 2007
Appointment Letter.

(b) Secondly, Arup’s liability to Millenia is in any event limited to
S$500,000 pursuant to cl 1 of the 2007 Appointment Letter.

613 I turn first to Arup’s defences to the 2004 Appointment Claims.

Arup’s defences to the 2004 Appointment Claims

(1) Time-bar

(A) Cl 6.5 of the ACES Terms

(I) Incorporation

614 I first examine whether the ACES Terms, and cl 6.5 in particular, formed
part of the contract between the parties.

615 Whether terms are incorporated into a contract turns on “the parties’
objective intentions gleaned from their correspondence and conduct in light of
the relevant background …”, the “relevant background” including “the industry
in which the parties are in, the character of the document which contains the
terms in question as well as the course of dealings between the parties”: R1
International Pte Ltd v Lonstroff AG [2015] 1 SLR 521 at [51]. Where a
document “is expressly incorporated by general words, it is still necessary to
consider … whether any particular part of the document is ‘apt to be a term of
the contract’” [original emphasis omitted; emphasis added]: ABB Holdings Pte
Ltd and others v Sher Hock Guan Charles [2009] 4 SLR(R) 111 at [24(b)].

616 I find that apart from terms conflicting with the express provisions of
the 2004 Contract, the ACES Terms were incorporated into the 2004 Contract:

(a) First, section 5.3 of Arup’s 2004 Proposal stated that the contract
between the parties would be “[u]nder standard ACES conditions modified for
the scope of works and the investigative nature of the project” [emphasis
added]. The 2004 Appointment Letter stated that Millenia was “agreeable to
[the 2004 Proposal]” subject to eight terms and conditions set out in the
letter, and expressly provided that the 2004 Contract would be governed by,
among other things, the 2004 Proposal (see [33] above). I therefore find that
the parties’ intention, objectively ascertained from the documents, was that
the ACES Terms would form part of the 2004 Contract, albeit that terms which
conflicted with the express provisions of the same would not be incorporated,
because these terms would not be “apt to be a term of the contract” (see [615]
above). (For example, cl 6.4(ii) of the ACES Terms provides for liability to
be limited to not more than $250,000. I find that this was not incorporated
into the 2004 Contract: it conflicts with the provision in section 5.3 of
Arup’s 2004 Proposal for liability to be limited to $1,000,000: see [627]
below. Arup has not relied on cl 6.4(ii) in its submissions.)

(b) Secondly, this conclusion is supported by the correspondence between the
parties leading up to the 2004 Contract. After Arup sent the 2004 Proposal to
Millenia, Millenia replied by email to state that it was agreeable in
principle to the same subject to seven additional terms (later reflected in
the 2004 Appointment Letter), and handwritten comments and amendments to a
copy of the 2004 Proposal attached to the email. 846

##### Foot Note 846

×

68AB 53861–53899.

As Arup points out, no amendments were made to the portion of Section 5.3 of
the 2004 Proposal which provided for the ACES Terms to apply. 847

##### Foot Note 847

×

Arup’s reply submissions at para 70; 68AB 53861, 53880.

(c) Thirdly, with regard to the character of the document whose terms were
incorporated into the contract, I accept Arup’s submission that the ACES Terms
were “a set of industry-recommended terms” to define the mutual rights of
consulting engineers and their clients. 848

##### Foot Note 848

×

Arup’s closing submissions at para 314.

617 Clause 6.5 of the ACES Terms states: 849

##### Foot Note 849

×

107AB 84180, 84200.

Duration of Liability

Neither party shall be considered liable for any loss or damage resulting from
any occurrence unless a claim is formally made against that party before the
expiry of the period specified in the Specific Provisions or, if no such
period is specified, six years from the completion of the Services, whether or
not the loss or damage has become apparent, or been suffered, within that
period. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

618 I agree with Arup that cl 6.5 of the ACES Terms does not contradict the
other terms of the 2004 Contract: the express provisions of the 2004 Contract
do not provide for a time period within which Millenia was obliged to bring
its claims against Arup, or exclude or restrict such a provision. 850

##### Foot Note 850

×

Arup’s closing submissions at para 323.

Hence, I find that cl 6.5 of the ACES Terms was incorporated into the 2004
Contract.

(II) UCTA

619 Millenia submits, however, that cl 6.5 is unenforceable because it was
unreasonable under the UCTA. 851

##### Foot Note 851

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 842.

In reply, Arup submits that the UCTA does not apply to the 2004 Contract
because Millenia did not deal as “consumer” or on Arup’s “written standard
terms of business”: hence, the preconditions for the UCTA to apply under s
3(1) of the same are not met. Arup also submits that in any event, cl 6.5
satisfies the requirement of reasonableness under the UCTA. 852

##### Foot Note 852

×

Arup’s reply closing submissions at paras 78 and 84.

620 I hold that the UCTA applies to the 2004 Contract:

(a) I agree with Arup that Millenia was not dealing “as consumer” in making
the 2004 Contract. Under s 12(1)(a) of the UCTA, a party to a contract does
not deal “as consumer” if he contracts “in the course of a business”. In Koh
Lin Yee v Terrestrial Pte Ltd and another appeal [2015] 2 SLR 497 (“Koh Lin
Yee”), the Court of Appeal held at [22] that the test for whether one
contracts “in the course of business” is whether the contract is “clearly
integral” as opposed to “merely incidental” to the party’s business. I find
that the 2004 Contract was clearly integral, rather than merely incidental, to
Millenia’s business as the owner of the Building. I therefore find that
Millenia made that contract in the course of its business, and thus did not
deal “as consumer” in doing so.

(b) However, I find that the 2004 Contract was made on Arup’s “written
standard terms of business” for the following reasons:

(i) First, in Koh Lin Yee, the Court of Appeal defined the phrase “standard
terms of business” at [24] as follows:

… a set of terms in the written form existing prior to the making of the
agreement which was intended to be adopted more or less automatically in
respect of all transactions of a particular type without any significant
opportunity for negotiations. [emphasis added]

According to Mr Clarke, “[i]t was Arup’s standard practice to incorporate the
ACES [Terms] into its contractual documents to supplement the same”. 853

##### Foot Note 853

×

Vol 23 BAEIC, AEIC of Stuart Clarke dated 27 February 2014 at para 32.

I therefore find that the ACES Terms were Arup’s “written standard terms of
business”. Although the ACES Terms were the terms of ACES, a trade
association, rather than terms exclusive to Arup, it appears that the phrase
“standard terms of business” embraces the standard terms of a trade
association that are incorporated into a contract: see Chitty at para 15–084
and Richard Lawson, Exclusion Clauses and Unfair Contract Terms (Sweet &
Maxwell, 11th ed, 2014) at para 8–015, referring to British Fermentation
Products Ltd v Compair Reavell Ltd [1999] 2 All ER (Comm) 389.

(ii) Secondly, I find that the 2004 Contract was made on those standard terms.
I accept that where standard terms are significantly altered to fit the
circumstances of the parties, the contract will not be found to have been made
on those terms. The test is whether there is a significant discrepancy between
the standard terms and the actual terms of the contract: see The Law of
Contract in Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing,
2012) (“The Law of Contract in Singapore”) at para 07.116. There were
differences between the terms of the 2004 Contract and the ACES Terms, eg, a
less stringent limitation of liability clause was adopted (see [616(a)]
above). But many other provisions of the ACES Terms, eg, terms pertaining to
payment, force majeure, and settlement of disputes did not conflict with the
express provisions of the 2004 Contract, and it appears that these provisions
were incorporated into the same. On the whole, I find that there is no
significant discrepancy between the ACES Terms and the terms of the 2004
Contract.

I therefore hold that in making the 2004 Contract, Millenia was dealing on
Arup’s “written standard terms of business” and s 3 of the UCTA thus applies.

621 However, I find that cl 6.5 of the ACES Terms meets the reasonableness
requirement under s 3(2) read with s 11 of the UCTA, for two principal
reasons:

(a) First, one relevant factor in determining the reasonableness of a term is
the relative bargaining power of the parties: see Smith v Eric S Bush [1990] 1
AC 831 at 858 (per Lord Griffiths), cited in The Law of Contract in Singapore
at para 07.144. I agree with Arup that Millenia is “a large commercial entity
with considerable bargaining power”, who was advised by in-house counsel when
it negotiated the 2004 Contract. This militates against a finding that cl 6.5
was unreasonable.

(b) Secondly, in Press Automation Technology Pte Ltd v Trans-Link Exhibition
Forwarding Pte Ltd [2003] 1 SLR(R) 712 (“Press Automation Technology”), the
High Court held that a nine-month time bar clause, a standard term
incorporated into the contract between the parties, was unreasonable,
emphasising at [56] that the normal limitation period where goods were damaged
due to breach of contract was six years, and the contractual time bar would
thus have amounted to a “substantial restriction” of the plaintiff’s rights.
By contrast, cl 6.5 stipulates a much longer time bar period of six years,
similar to the statutory limitation period, albeit one that does not account
for latent defects. In my judgment, it does not constitute a substantial
restriction of Millenia’s rights. I thus find that it is reasonable under the
UCTA.

622 For these reasons, I do not accept Millenia’s submission that cl 6.5 of
the ACES Terms is unenforceable for breach of the UCTA.

(III) Application of cl 6.5

623 Clause 6.5 stipulates a time-bar of “six years from the completion of the
Services”. Arup submits that Section 4 of Arup’s 2004 Proposal, which sets out
Arup’s scope of works, defines the term “Services” for the purposes of the
2004 Contract. Section 4 provided for Arup to “lead and provide technical
input into a survey and investigation of the existing stone façade elements as
a whole to determine their present condition”, and stated that Arup’s works –
apart from the inspection of Millenia Tower, which Arup’s 2004 Proposal
provided for – were “to fulfil the requirements of Section 23 of the Building
Control Act”. 854

##### Foot Note 854

×

68AB 53901, 53916.

Arup accordingly submits that it completed the Services by 31 August 2006. On
this date, the BCA sent an email to Millenia stating that the requirements of
the 1st BCA Order had been fulfilled and “the case will be closed”. 855

##### Foot Note 855

×

72AB 57397.

624 I accept Arup’s submission. Millenia challenges Arup’s submission only to
the extent that it contends that Arup failed to advise Millenia to undertake
maintenance and implement safety or risk management measures, and therefore
had outstanding work under the 1st 2004 Contract after 31 August 2006. 856

##### Foot Note 856

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 841.

However, I have found that Arup was not obliged to advise Millenia on these
matters (see [588] and [599]–[604] above). I thus find that Arup completed the
Services under the 1st 2004 Contract by 31 August 2006.

625 Millenia named Arup as a defendant to this suit on 18 October 2013 (see
[166] above), more than six years after 31 August 2006. Therefore, I find that
even if the 2004 Appointment Claims were made out, they would be time-barred
under cl 6.5 of the ACES Terms which was incorporated into the 2004 Contract.

(B) Section 24A(3) of the Limitation Act

626 Arup submits that the 2004 Appointment Claims would also be time-barred
under s 24A(3) of the Limitation Act. Arup’s position seems to be that the
six-year period under s 24A(3)(a) began on 31 August 2006, when Arup completed
its works under the 2004 Contract, while the three-year period under s
24A(3)(b) began on 25 March 2010. 857

##### Foot Note 857

×

Arup’s closing submissions at para 330; Arup’s reply submissions at paras
100–106.

I disagree. It appears that Millenia would only have had the requisite
knowledge to bring the 2004 Appointment Claims – especially the claim for
failure to identify the 2nd Panel as defective – after the 2nd Fall occurred,
as Millenia submits. 858

##### Foot Note 858

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 853.

Accordingly, time would only begin to run for the purposes of s 24A(3)(b)
after the 2nd Fall. I therefore do not accept that the 2004 Appointment Claims
would be time-barred under s 24A(3).

(2) Limitation of liability

(A) Section 5.3 of the 2004 Proposal

627 Section 5.3 of the 2004 Proposal states: “… For this type of project we
limit our liability to S$1,000,000” [emphasis added]. 859

##### Foot Note 859

×

68AB 53901, 53922.

Arup submits that its liability under the 2004 Contract was accordingly
limited to S$1,000,000. 860

##### Foot Note 860

×

Arup’s closing submissions at paras 333–337.

628 However, Arup did not plead that its liability was limited under Section
5.3 of the 2004 Proposal. Instead, Arup pleaded that its liability under the
2004 Contract was limited under cl 6.4(ii) of the ACES Terms, 861

##### Foot Note 861

×

Arup’s Defence and Counterclaim at para 13.

which I have found was not incorporated into the 2004 Contract (see [616(a)]
above). Millenia only addresses cl 6.4(ii), and not the limitation clause in
Section 5.3 of the 2004 Proposal, in its submissions. 862

##### Foot Note 862

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 821–831; Millenia’s reply submissions
at para 510.

I therefore hold that Arup is not entitled to rely on the limitation provision
in Section 5.3 of the 2004 Proposal.

(B) Clause 6.4(iii) of the ACES Terms

629 Clause 6.4(iii) of the ACES Terms states: 863

##### Foot Note 863

×

107AB 84180, 84200.

If either party is found to be liable to the other, in circumstances where the
acts or omissions of a third party have contributed to the loss or damage, the
proportion of damages payable by the party found liable shall be limited to
that proportion which is attributable to that party's breach of duty, whether
the claims are made under contract, tort or otherwise. [emphasis added]

Arup relies on this provision to submit that even if Millenia’s claims against
it are made out, it would only be liable for the losses flowing from the 2nd
Fall, and not for the defects in the Cladding which it did not cause. 864

##### Foot Note 864

×

Arup’s closing submissions at paras 339–340.

630 I accept this submission. I find that cl 6.4(iii) was incorporated into
the 2004 Contract: I am satisfied that it did not conflict with any express
provision of the same (see [616] above). I also find that cl 6.4(iii) has the
effect described by Arup (see [629] above). Nonetheless, in the final
analysis, cl 6.4(iii) is not crucial as Millenia is only claiming the losses
due to the 2nd Fall from Arup (subject to a conditional claim that I have
rejected: see [579]–[580] above).

Arup’s defences to the 2007 Appointment Claims

(1) Time-bar

631 Arup submits that the 2007 Appointment Claims are time-barred under cl 7
of the 2007 Appointment Letter. Clause 7 states: 865

##### Foot Note 865

×

73AB 58073, 58075.

… After the expiration of one (1) year from the date of invoice in respect of
the final amount claimed by Arup, Arup shall be discharged from all liability
in respect of the services whether under the [law] of contract, tort or
otherwise. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

632 Millenia submits that this provision is unreasonable under the UCTA and is
thus unenforceable. 866

##### Foot Note 866

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at para 850.

I disagree. I accept that the one-year time bar period stipulated under cl 7
is much shorter than the six-year period under cl 6.5 of the ACES Terms (see
[617] above). However, critically, unlike cl 6.5, and unlike the provision in
Press Automation Technology (see [621(b)] above), the time bar provision in cl
7 was not a standard term. As Arup submits, cl 7 is found “in the main body of
the negotiated terms of the [2007 Appointment Letter]”. 867

##### Foot Note 867

×

Arup’s closing submission at para 344.

Bearing this in mind, and the fact that Millenia was not in a position of
unequal bargaining power and was a legally-advised commercial entity (see
[621(a)] above), and the relatively low fixed fee of $40,000 for Arup’s work
under the 2007 Appointment Letter, I find that the time-bar provision in cl 7
satisfies the test of reasonableness under the UCTA. I therefore do not accept
Millenia’s submission that the provision is unenforceable under the UCTA.

633 Arup submits that “the date of invoice in respect of the final amount
claimed by Arup” was 29 September 2010, the date of its final invoice under
the 2007 Appointment Letter. 868

##### Foot Note 868

×

Arup’s closing submissions at para 347; 5D-1.

Millenia denies this, contending that since Arup did not accept that the
Rectification Works were complete, “Arup continues to be obliged to oversee
the [Rectification Works] … [and] will continue to issue invoice for its
work”. 869

##### Foot Note 869

×

Millenia’s closing submission at para 848.

I do not accept Millenia’s submission. It is simply unreal to suppose that
Arup will issue any further invoice in respect of its works under the 2007
Appointment Letter, years after the 2nd Fall and the Reclad. I accept Arup’s
submission that the relevant invoice was issued on 29 September 2010. The time
bar period under cl 7 of the 2007 Appointment Letter thus commenced on that
day. Millenia named Arup as a defendant to this suit on 18 October 2013 (see
[166] above), more than one year after 29 September 2010. I accordingly
conclude that even if the 2007 Appointment Claims were made out, they would be
time-barred under cl 7 of the 2007 Appointment Letter.

(2) Limitation of liability

634 Arup claims the 2007 Appointment Claims are subject to the limitation
clause in cl 1 of the 2007 Appointment Letter, which states: 870

##### Foot Note 870

×

73AB 58073, 58074.

1\. Limit of Liability

To the maximum extent permitted by law and notwithstanding any other provision
of this Contract, [Arup’s] liability to [Millenia] arising out of or in
connection with this project (including the performance or non-performance of
the Services) whether in contract, in tort (including negligence), in statute
or otherwise, is limited in aggregate to [S$500,000]

[emphasis added]

635 Millenia submits that cl 1 is unenforceable because it is unreasonable
under the UCTA. 871

##### Foot Note 871

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 832–834.

I disagree. Clause 1 was not a standard term but a negotiated term. Again,
Millenia was not in a position of unequal bargaining power, was a legally-
advised commercial entity, and the 2007 Appointment Letter provided for a
relatively low fixed fee of $40,000 (see [632] above). I therefore find that
cl 1 of the 2007 Appointment Letter was not unreasonable under the UCTA. I
accordingly accept Arup’s submission that its liability under the 2007
Appointment Letter was limited to $500,000 pursuant to cl 1 of that contract.

Summary of conclusions

636 In sum, my findings on Millenia’s claims against Arup are as follows:

(a) I dismiss the 2004 and 2007 Appointment Claims: I find that Arup did not
breach its duties to Millenia (see [610] above).

(b) Even if the 2004 and 2007 Appointment Claims were made out:

(i) The 2004 Appointment Claims premised on breach of the 2004 Contract would
be time-barred under cl 6.5 of the ACES Terms that was incorporated into the
contract (see [625] above);

(ii) The 2007 Appointment Claims premised on breach of the 2007 Appointment
Letter would be time-barred under cl 7 of the same (see [633] above), and
subject to the limitation clause in cl 1 of the same (see [635] above).

The counterclaims against Millenia

637 I now address Builders Shop’s and Arup’s counterclaims.

Builders Shop’s counterclaim

638 Builders Shop submits that in the event it breached its duties under the
Settlement Agreement by adopting the Stitching Procedure, and is thus liable
to Millenia, Millenia breached the Settlement Agreement by failing to
highlight this breach and by representing that the Rectification Works were
carried out in accordance with the Settlement Agreement, and is liable to
Builders Shop. 872

##### Foot Note 872

×

Builders Shop’s closing submissions at para 207.

639 This counterclaim is entirely without any basis. I find that Millenia did
not owe any express or implied duty to Builders Shop under the Settlement
Agreement to highlight the latter’s breaches to it. Further, even if Millenia
owed such a duty, I find that it did not breach it: (1) its consultant, Arup,
highlighted the improper use of the Stitching Procedure in the 1st 2010 Report
(see [137] above) and (2) Millenia did not represent that the Rectification
Works were carried out in accordance with the Settlement Agreement. I thus
dismiss this counterclaim.

Arup’s counterclaim

640 In its submissions, Arup does not maintain its pleaded counterclaim for a
declaration or order that Millenia’s claims against it are time-barred, an
abuse of process and should be struck out. Arup also does not pursue its
pleaded argument that Millenia had breached an implied term of the 2007
Appointment Letter, thereby causing Dragages, Builders Shop and the Meinhardt
Parties to commence third party proceedings against Arup (see [181] above).

641 Rather, Arup only pursues its counterclaim for an indemnity from Millenia
based on cl 2(a) of the 2007 Appointment Letter. Clause 2 states: 873

##### Foot Note 873

×

73AB 58073, 58074.

2\. Indemnity

[Millenia] indemnifies [Arup] against all claims, losses, actions, damages,
costs (including legal costs) and expenses (losses) of any kind whatsoever
that the Consultant incurs arising out of:

(a) The performance of works by Dragages or [its] related entities in
connection with [the Rectification Works], including any cross-claim made by
either of these parties against the Consultant in connection with the project

(b) any losses [Millenia] or [Millenia’s] related corporate entities or
subsidiaries suffer or incur in connection with the project (including delay
costs), except to the extent the loss is a direct result of the Consultant's
negligence (subject to the limitation of liability clause).

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Arup submits that on a plain reading of cl 2, Millenia agreed to indemnify
Arup against claims brought Dragages or its related entities against Arup in
relation to the Rectification Works. 874

##### Foot Note 874

×

Arup’s closing submissions at para 362.

Arup explains that, although cl 5 of the Settlement Agreement provided that
Arup would not assume liability to Dragages, Builders Shop or Meinhardt, it
could not enforce this clause against these parties, because it was not a
party to the Settlement Agreement and cl 32 of the Settlement Agreement
prevented non-parties to the Settlement Agreement from enforcing rights under
the same. Arup thus sought to protect its interests by securing an indemnity
from Millenia on the terms of cl 2 of the 2007 Appointment Letter. 875

##### Foot Note 875

×

Arup’s closing submissions at paras 368–370.

642 In reply, Millenia submits as follows: 876

##### Foot Note 876

×

Millenia’s reply closing submissions at paras 533–538.

(a) First, cl 2(a) does not apply: cl 2(b) is the applicable provision as the
third party claims against Arup arise out of the 2nd Fall or other damage to
the Façade, which are losses suffered by Millenia.

(b) Secondly, cl 2 is unreasonable under the UCTA and is therefore
unenforceable.

(c) Thirdly, insofar as Arup seeks an indemnity for its legal costs, Arup
should look to Dragages, Builders Shop and the Meinhardt Parties for these
costs and not to Millenia: Millenia will “address the question of
apportionment of costs at the appropriate juncture”.

643 I do not accept Millenia’s submissions for the following reasons:

(a) First, I do not agree that cl 2(b) of the 2007 Appointment Letter is the
applicable provision. Clause 2(b) concerns losses suffered by Millenia and its
related entities: it covers claims against Arup brought by Millenia and its
related entities. Clause 2(b) does not extend to claims brought by Dragages or
its related entities for their losses. I agree with Arup that such claims fall
within the scope of cl 2(a) of the 2007 Appointment Letter.

(b) Secondly, I find that cl 2 is not unreasonable under the UCTA. As I have
emphasized above, Millenia was not in a position of unequal bargaining power,
was a legally-advised commercial entity, and the 2007 Appointment Letter
stipulated a relatively low fixed fee of $40,000 (see [632] and [635] above).
Moreover, I accept Arup’s account of the purpose of the indemnity (see [641]
above): in the circumstances, it made sense for Arup to seek and for Millenia
to grant such an indemnity.

644 I therefore allow Arup’s counterclaim for an indemnity from Millenia in
respect of the claims brought by Dragages, Builders Shop and the Meinhardt
Parties against Arup relating to the Rectification Works. For the reasons
given below, I dismiss all of the third party claims against Arup.
Accordingly, the indemnity only extends to the legal costs incurred by Arup in
defending the third party proceedings. More precisely, the indemnity only
covers Arup’s legal costs in defending the third party claims relating to the
Rectification Works: it thus does not cover, eg, Dragages’ claims noted at
[647(a)]–[647(b)] below which pertain to Arup’s alleged breach of duties
predating the Settlement Agreement.

The third party claims against Arup

645 I address the claims advanced against Arup by Dragages, Builders Shop and
the Meinhardt Parties in turn.

Dragages’ claims

646 Dragages claims a contribution from Arup. In gist, Dragages submits that
Arup breached its duties to Millenia and is thus liable to Millenia for (some
of) the same damage in respect of which Dragages is liable to Millenia. 877

##### Foot Note 877

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at para 1108.

647 As I have noted (see [187] above), Dragages’ pleaded case is that Arup
breached its duties to Millenia by:

(a) failing to undertake and/or advise Millenia to undertake proper
maintenance of the Building;

(b) failing to implement and/or advise Millenia to implement proper safety
and/or risk management measures in respect of adverse effects to the Building;
and

(c) negligently accepting the Rectification Works as satisfactory and in
accordance with the Settlement Agreement.

648 I turn first to the allegations noted in [647(a)]–[647(b)] above. In
closing submissions, Dragages rightly does not maintain that Arup breached its
duties by failing to undertake maintenance of the Building and by failing to
implement safety and/or risk management measures by itself. Dragages submits
that Arup breached its duties by failing to advise Millenia to undertake
maintenance and implement safety and/or risk management measures. 878

##### Foot Note 878

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at paras 1118 and 1122.

Millenia has made an identical submission (see [590(c)] above), which I have
rejected at [599]–[604] above. For the reasons given above, I reject Dragages’
submission.

649 Again, the allegation noted in [647(c)] above is identical to a submission
made by Millenia (see [606(a)] above), which I have rejected at [607] above.
For the same reasons given above, I reject Dragages’ submission here.

650 I therefore dismiss Dragages’ third party claims against Arup.

Builders Shop’s claims

651 As Arup notes, in Builders Shop’s closing submissions, the latter does not
maintain that Arup breached its duties in contract or tort to Millenia. 879

##### Foot Note 879

×

Arup’s reply closing submissions at paras 172–173.

It thus seems that Builders Shop has abandoned these claims against Arup.
Nonetheless, Builders Shop adopted Dragages’ case against Arup (see [188]
above). Since I have rejected Dragages’ third party claims against Arup, the
equivalent claims which were pleaded by Builders Shop also fall away.

652 Builders Shop claims that “Arup owed a tortious duty of care to Builders
Shop in relation to the manner in which it carried out its duties and
obligations under the Settlement Agreement”, and breached this duty as
follows: 880

##### Foot Note 880

×

Builders Shop’s closing submissions at paras 213–215 and 224.

(a) by failing to inform and alert Builders Shop that:

(i) the Rectification Works had not been carried out in accordance with the
Settlement Agreement;

(ii) there were outstanding inadequacies or defects in the Façade and the
location(s), nature and extent of these defects;

(iii) the Façade or a substantial part of it was structurally unsafe and in
need of rectification/replacement;

(iv) the Stitching Procedure, apart from being a breach of the Rectification
Works Method Statement, raised safety concerns.

(b) by failing to instruct Builders Shop to carry out further remedial works;

(c) by representing to Builders Shop that:

(i) the Rectification Works were carried out in accordance with the Settlement
Agreement, by issuing written confirmation to this effect; and

(ii) the general quality and workmanship of the Rectification Works was
acceptable, in the 1st 2010 Report (see [136] above).

653 I do not accept this submission. First, I do not accept that Arup owed a
duty of care to Builders Shop, in relation to Arup’s performance of its duties
under the Settlement Agreement, for the following reasons:

(a) I find that there was insufficient proximity between the parties. There
was no physical, circumstantial or causal proximity between Arup and Builders
Shop. Moreover, there is scant evidence that Builders Shop relied on Arup to
exercise reasonable care in carrying out its works and that Arup knew of such
reliance (see [522] above). I find that only one party to this suit –
Millenia, the owner of the Building – relied on Arup to take care in carrying
out its works. Furthermore, I find that Arup did not voluntarily assume
responsibility to Builders Shop. In this regard, I note the cover page of
Arup’s 1st 2010 Report specifically disclaimed any responsibility on Arup’s
part to third parties (see [135] above).

(b) Further, I find that policy considerations negate a duty of care: it would
be inconsistent with the Settlement Agreement to recognise that Arup owed a
duty of care to Builders Shop. Significantly, cl 5 of the Settlement Agreement
expressly stated that Arup would not assume any liability to, among others,
Builders Shop in respect of its comments on, among other things, the
Rectification Works Method Statement and its implementation, ie, the
Rectification Works (see [80(a)] above). I find on this basis that the parties
to the Settlement Agreement, including Builders Shop, entered into that
agreement intending to exclude Arup’s liability in tort to Builders Shop (see
[541] above). Hence, even if there were sufficient proximity between Arup and
Builders Shop to ground a duty of care, I would have held that no duty of care
arose because such a duty would be inconsistent with the parties’ contractual
arrangements.

654 Secondly, even if Arup owed a duty of care to Builders Shop, I find that
Arup did not breach its duty. This is principally because, as I have found,
Arup did not issue written confirmation that the Rectification Works were
carried out in accordance with the Settlement Agreement (see [149] above).
Arup therefore never represented to Builders Shop that the Rectification Works
complied with the Settlement Agreement. I also do not accept that Arup would
have breached its duty of care by not highlighting the inadequacies of
Builders Shop’s works to the latter (see [652(a)] above). Nor would Arup have
breached its duty of care by not instructing Builders Shop to carry out
further works (see [652(b)] above): Arup was not in a position to issue such
an instruction to Builders Shop.

655 I therefore dismiss Builders Shop’s third party claims against Arup.

The Meinhardt Parties’ claims

656 I have dismissed Millenia’s claims against the Meinhardt Parties (see
[514] and [577] above). Hence, the Meinhardt Parties’ claims for an indemnity
or a contribution from Arup, which are premised on their being held liable to
Millenia (see [189] above), do not arise. For completeness, if I had found
that the Meinhardt Parties were liable to Millenia, I would have dismissed
their third party claims against Arup. For reasons similar to those given
above, I do not accept the allegations of breach which they pleaded against
Arup (see [189(a)] above). Tellingly, the Meinhardt Parties only referred very
briefly to their third party claims in closing submissions. 881

##### Foot Note 881

×

Meinhardt Façade’s closing submissions at paras 588–590.

Conclusion

657 In conclusion, I dismiss all of the third party claims against Arup. I now
turn to the Reclad Issue.

The Reclad Issue

658 As noted above, although this trial was bifurcated, the parties agreed
that I would decide one issue relating to quantum – whether Millenia is
entitled to recover the cost of a reclad of the Façade – at this stage of the
proceedings (see [6] above). It is important to be clear about the issue that
is before me:

(a) First, the Reclad Issue is not about whether the proper measure of damages
is the cost of cure or the diminution in value of the property. The defendants
do not deny that the proper measure of damages is the cost of cure. The
dispute is over two methods of curing the defects: (1) a reclad of the whole
Façade (“the Reclad Option”) or (2) rectifying the defects without recladding
the whole Façade (“the Rectification Option”). The latter option is cast in
broad terms because, as I explain below, the parties do not agree on what it
would involve.

(b) Secondly, I am not deciding whether Millenia is entitled to the actual
costs of the Reclad. It may be that the Reclad was excessively expensive and
elaborate, as Mr Ho suggested in oral submissions, 882

##### Foot Note 882

×

Transcript, 23 February 2017, p 89.

but that matter is not yet before me. The issue which I have to decide is
whether Millenia is entitled to recover the costs of a reclad of the Façade

659 I turn first to the evidence of the parties’ quantum experts.

The evidence of the quantum experts

660 The central issue addressed by the quantum experts was the question of
whether the Rectification Option would be less costly than the Reclad Option.
It is important to note at the outset that the evidence on this point was
limited in utility. Importantly, there was no agreement on the remedial
methods that the Rectification Option would involve. This was principally
because there was no agreement on the nature and extent of the defects and the
remedial method(s) that would appropriately rectify those defects. It was
therefore difficult to identify what the Rectification Option would entail
(though I note that Dragages suggested that all of the defects could be
rectified by inserting four dead load rods into each panel: I address this at
[684] below). In this regard, I note that the experts priced 10 schemes
(excluding a full reclad of the Façade), 883

##### Foot Note 883

×

Transcript, 8 August 2016, p 46.

and there was a wide gulf between the least costly scheme ($127,980.99) and
the most expensive one ($21,417,000.00). 884

##### Foot Note 884

×

Vol 11 BAEIC, AEIC of Winston Hauw Sze Shiung dated 3 March 2014 at WHSS-2,
para 12; AEIC of Martin Anthony Riddett dated 16 April 2014 at MAR-2 (p 25).

This very large range shows the extent of the problem.

661 In the light of these difficulties, and the time that would be necessary
to resolve them, along with the fact that the trial was bifurcated, it was
decided, with counsel’s agreement, that we would not delve into the minutiae
relating to the costs of the Reclad and Rectification Options in this tranche
of the trial. I reminded counsel of this and made this clear to the quantum
experts at the start of the witness conferencing. 885

##### Foot Note 885

×

Transcript, 8 August 2016, pp 3–4.

During the witness conferencing, the focus was instead on the “tipping point”
(if any), based on the Defects, where the Reclad Option would become cheaper
than the Rectification Option.

662 Mr Winston Hauw Sze Shiung (“Mr Hauw”), Millenia’s expert, said that the
tipping point would be crossed if 50%–60% of the Façade were defective. In
other words, if 50%–60% of the Façade were defective, it would be more
economical for the Reclad Option to be adopted rather than the Rectification
Option. His opinion was based on the following premises: 886

##### Foot Note 886

×

Transcript, 8 August 2016, pp 75–79.

(a) The Reclad Option would cost $20,324,000.

(b) It would cost $21,417,000 to rectify 75% of the Façade (12,272 panels in
total). 887

##### Foot Note 887

×

Vol 11 BAEIC, AEIC of Winston Hauw Sze Shiung dated 3 March 2014 at WHSS-2,
para 33.

(Mr Hauw assessed two variants of the Rectification Option. The first involved
replacing all of the defective panels on the Façade (“Option 2”). In assessing
the cost of Option 2, Mr Hauw relied on Mr Yang’s initial option that 75% of
the Cladding was defective and priced the cost of replacing 75% of the panels.
The second option involved selective removal and repair of panels (“Option
3”), which Mr Hauw assessed would cost $21,417,000. Mr Hauw relied on Option 3
in reaching his opinion that it would be more economical for the Reclad Option
to be adopted rather than the Rectification Option. As noted at [660] above,
this was the most expensive scheme priced by the experts.)

(c) Based on [(a)] and [(b)], on a “straight line” calculation, about 71% of
the Façade could be rectified for the sum of $20,324,000.

(d) However, it was necessary to discount this figure of 71% by 10%–20% to
account for six extraneous factors: (1) further deterioration of the Façade
since Mr Hauw prepared his report; (2) possible breakage to non-defective
stone panels in removing some defective panels; (3) tonality inconsistency
(ie, differences in colour and texture of panels); (4) costs that Millenia
would incur in carrying out rectification works such as business disruption
and lower rentals; (5) the fact that certain costs were fixed costs and could
not be apportioned on a straight line basis; and (6) the costs of further
inspecting the Façade to identify all of the defective methods and decide on
appropriate remedial methods.

663 Factor (2) was also mentioned in a letter from Benson Wall Systems Pte Ltd
(“Benson”), a well-established façade contractor, 888

##### Foot Note 888

×

Transcript, 8 August 2016, p 48.

to Mr Hauw’s firm. Mr Hauw obtained a quotation from Benson for the costs of
Options 1 to 3. The quotation was accompanied by a letter dated 20 November
2013 which states: 889

##### Foot Note 889

×

104AB 82679–82680.

Even though each option under consideration has been considered and budgeted,
we discourage the Client from pursuing Option Three – “Selective removal and
repair”. We are of the strong opinion that any removal or handling of the
existing granite panels will result in additional damage if selected for re-
use. Adjacent panels not under consideration will undoubtedly be affected
during removal as well. There may be no effective way to anticipate the actual
costs and final appearance of the finished façade. We suggest a “time &
material” contract be considered if this option becomes serious.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Benson thus noted the risk that selective removal of certain panels would
cause damage to adjacent panels. Further, in its letter, Benson discouraged
Millenia from pursuing selective removal and repair of the Cladding.

664 The evidence of the defendants’ experts on the tipping point was as
follows:

(a) Mr Martin Anthony Riddett (“Mr Riddett”), the expert appointed by Dragages
and the Meinhardt Parties, testified that there were “many imponderables and
that is going to affect the tipping point”. 890

##### Foot Note 890

×

Transcript, 8 August 2016, p 80.

However, he testified that the tipping point would be reached if the
Rectification Option required replacing 75% of the panels on the Cladding, ie,
Option 2 assessed by Mr Hauw (see [662(b)] above); albeit in arriving at this
view, he did not account for the extraneous factors raised by Mr Hauw. 891

##### Foot Note 891

×

Transcript, 8 August 2016, p 89.

(b) Mr John Foster (“Mr Foster”), Builders Shop’s expert, opined that the
tipping point would never be reached: the Reclad Option would always be more
expensive than the Rectification Option. 892

##### Foot Note 892

×

Transcript, 8 August 2016, p 87.

(c) Mr Jonathan Prudhoe (“Mr Prudhoe”), Arup’s expert, testified that whatever
the Rectification Option entailed, the tipping point would probably be reached
if about 85%–90% of the Cladding was defective. 893

##### Foot Note 893

×

Transcript, 8 August 2016, pp 71 and 82–84.

665 I note that the defendants’ experts criticised the quantities and rates
that Mr Hauw used in arriving at his cost estimates. But leaving that aside,
even on Mr Hauw’s evidence, the tipping point would only be reached if about
50%–60% of the Façade was defective. Mr Yang’s final view was that about 68%
of the panels from levels 3 to 35 of the Building – 9,642 panels, ie, around
59% of 16,277 panels (see [213] above) were defective. However, this was based
on his opinion that the 100% Inspection Reports showed that 66% of the panels
from levels 3 to 35 of the Building were defective. That 66% figure in turn
was based in part on the pink panels in the 66% Spreadsheets, ie, the panels
Arup did not observe had certain alleged defects but which Mr Yang did (see
[215] above). I have decided that I will not have regard to the pink panels
(see [217] above). There were 4,878 such panels. Taking the pink panels out of
account (deducting 4,878 panels from the 9,642 panels that Mr Yang assessed to
be defective) there is only evidence that 4,764 panels on the Building, ie,
about 29.3% of the 16,277 panels on the Building, were defective. This is far
less than the 50%–60% figure that Mr Hauw posited as the tipping point. Hence,
even on Mr Hauw’s position, which compared the Reclad Option with the most
expensive remedial scheme considered by the quantum experts (see [662(b)]
above), the Rectification Option would be cheaper than the Reclad Option, but
by what margin is a large and open question. I return to this issue at [690]
below.

666 As noted at [661] above, the parties agreed that we would not delve into
the minutiae of the costs of the Rectification and Reclad Options.
Nonetheless, I note that the evidence on the cost of the Reclad Option was as
follows:

(a) Mr Hauw’s evidence was that the Reclad Option would cost about $20,324,000
(see [662(a)] above).

(b) Mr Prudhoe’s evidence was that it would cost $17,694,600. 894

##### Foot Note 894

×

AEIC of Jonathan Prudhoe dated 1 September 2015 at JP-4, para 2.1 (p 94).

(c) Mr Foster’s evidence was that it would cost $12,283,790. 895

##### Foot Note 895

×

AEIC of John Foster dated 14 April 2014 at JF-2, para 5.15 (p 40).

The evidence was thus that the Reclad Option would cost between around $12.3m
and $20.3m. Again, this very large difference shows the extent of the problem.

The parties’ submissions

667 Millenia submits that it is entitled to recover the cost of the Reclad
Option for the following reasons:

(a) First, Millenia emphasises that it has in fact reclad the Façade, upon
being pressed by the BCA for a long-term solution to the dangers posed by the
Façade, and the reasonableness of its claim for the cost of the Reclad Option
must be viewed through this lens. Further, Arup, an independent expert,
recommended that Millenia perform a full reclad of the Façade and Millenia
proceeded to reclad the Façade on the basis. 896

##### Foot Note 896

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 884–888; Millenia’s reply submissions
at para 542.

(b) Secondly, rectification was attempted before. However, it failed to
provide Millenia with a Building that was safe and fit for purpose. 897

##### Foot Note 897

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 889–891.

(c) Thirdly, the evidence indicates that it was not possible to rectify all
the defects in the Cladding, because: 898

##### Foot Note 898

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 892–898.

(i) it was impossible to identify all the defects in the bracket systems
without removing the panels from the Façade; and

(ii) there was no clear consensus on the cause of the defects, and thus no
agreement on the appropriate remedial solutions.

In this regard, Millenia denies it was possible to make the Façade safe by
inserting four dead load rods into each panel (see [668(b)] below). 899

##### Foot Note 899

×

Millenia’s reply submissions at paras 549–554.

(d) Fourthly, the Reclad Option is more economical than the Rectification
Option. 900

##### Foot Note 900

×

Millenia’s closing submissions at paras 906–924.

668 Dragages makes the following submissions:

(a) First, the Façade was not entirely defective or structurally unsafe and
thus a full reclad of the Façade was not a reasonable course of action. In
this regard, Dragages emphasises the following points: 901

##### Foot Note 901

×

Dragages’ reply submissions at paras 760–762 and 852–857.

(i) The BCA’s opinion: The BCA did not consider that a full reclad was
necessary: Dragages claims an email from the BCA dated 19 October 2012 shows
that the BCA “was considering a timeline for the long term rectification of
the [Façade]”. 902

##### Foot Note 902

×

102AB 81429.

(ii) Arup’s opinion: First, in the 4 December 2012 Draft, Arup stated that the
Façade was safe. Secondly, in his AEIC, Mr Chin stated that a reclad of the
entire Façade was not warranted. Thirdly, although Arup recommended a reclad
in the 8 August 2012 Letter, this was simply a “commercial proposal instead of
a technical recommendation”.

(iii) Mr Yang’s opinion: Mr Yang’s view that the Façade had to be replaced was
arrived at without inspecting the Façade, and without a comprehensive review
of the photographs in the 100% Inspection Reports.

(b) Secondly, even if the Façade was entirely defective and unsafe, it could
be fully rectified and made safe with four dead load rods, and the cost of
such rectification would be $6,473,879, which would be much less than the cost
of the Reclad Option. There is thus no reasonable basis to find Dragages
liable for the Reclad Option. 903

##### Foot Note 903

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at paras 1057–1060 and 1064–1069.

More generally, regardless of which rectification method was adopted, the
Reclad Option would be more expensive than the Rectification Option. 904

##### Foot Note 904

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at paras 1070–1072 and 1093.

My decision

The law

669 It is undisputed that the test to be applied in deciding whether Millenia
is entitled to recover the cost of the Reclad Option is that of
reasonableness. In Ng Siok Poh (administratrix of the estate of Lim Lian
Chiat, deceased) and another v Sim Lian-Koru Bena JV Pte Ltd [2018] SGCA 35,
the Court of Appeal held at [35] that the “governing principle” in determining
the suitable measure of damages is the principle of objective reasonableness.
In applying this principle, I had regard to two cases – the first cited by
Dragages and the second by Millenia – that discussed whether the appropriate
remedy was replacement of the defective work or less extensive rectification.

670 In the first case, McGlinn v Waltham Contractors Ltd and others (No 3)
[2007] EWHC 149 (TCC) (“McGlinn”), the claimant brought an action in respect
of alleged defects in the design and construction of a house in Jersey. After
the house was inspected by experts, it was demolished on the instructions of
the claimant and not rebuilt. The claimant then sued the defendants for breach
of contract and/or negligence. An issue arose as to whether the claimant was
entitled to recover the cost of demolishing and rebuilding the house, or
merely the lower (and largely agreed) costs of the necessary works to repair
the defects.

671 The court held that the claimant was not entitled to recover the cost of
demolishing and rebuilding the house, but could only recover the cost of
repair works: see McGlinn at [845]. In doing so, the court recognised at [827]
that reliance on expert advice was relevant to the question of whether the
claimant had acted reasonably in putting into effect a particular remedial
scheme:

Now let us assume that I am wrong to distinguish the Great Ormond Street case
… It might well be said that [the] decision is authority for the relatively
narrow proposition that, if two remedial schemes are proposed to rectify a
defect which is the result of a defendant’s default, and one scheme is put in
hand on expert advice, the defendant is liable for the costs of that built
scheme, unless it could be said that the expert advice was negligent. For what
it is worth, I consider that, subject to one potentially vital qualification,
set out below, this narrow proposition is generally in accordance with other
authority and correct in law. … The important qualification that needs to be
made is … to this effect: although reliance on an expert will always be a
highly significant factor in any assessment of loss and damage, it will not on
its own be enough, in every case, to prove that the claimant has acted
reasonably. Moreover, in Skandia, Waller LJ made clear [at 344] that to put in
issue the reasonableness of a decision based on expert advice ‘does not
require proof of conduct amounting to professional negligence or something of
that sort’. That seems to me, with respect, to be entirely right … [original
emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

In sum, the court recognised that reliance on expert advice will often be
“highly significant” in establishing that a claimant has acted reasonably in
putting into effect a remedial scheme, albeit (1) such advice will not be
sufficient in every case to establish reasonableness and (2) it is not
necessary to prove professional negligence by the expert in putting into issue
the reasonableness of the decision. I agree with and endorse this proposition.

672 The court then held at [841], applying the test of reasonableness, that
the measure of loss was the cost of repair works, noting the following points:

(a) The reason for the demolition: First, the demolition of the house was not
carried out solely due to the defects, but was in part due to the claimant’s
dissatisfaction with the house. The “starting position” for the claimant was
that the house should be demolished; it was unsurprising that those advising
the claimant “came down against piecemeal repairs and in favour of ‘a full
replacement’”: McGlinn at [809]–[812].

(b) The nature of the defects: Secondly, most of the alleged defects were
“aesthetic” and “unconnected with the structural soundness of the building
itself”: McGlinn at [813]. The court stated at [814] as follows:

In my judgment, this is a very important feature of this case. It is, on any
view an extreme course: to knock down a newly completed building because it is
said to be defective, particularly where the majority of the defects can
fairly be described as aesthetic matters only. … If such a course of action is
to be justified at all, it will ordinarily be because the building is
dangerous or structurally unsound. … I consider that [the house] was
demolished because of what might be described as ordinary building defects,
many of which are entirely explicable on the simple basis that, as Mr
Salisbury put it, ‘the building was not finished’. [emphasis added in italics
and bold italics]

(c) The nature of advice: The court noted that the advice to the claimant to
demolish the house assumed “a relatively modest differential between the costs
of demolition and rebuilding … and the cost of repair”: the costs of the
former were only slightly more than the costs of the latter. However, it
transpired at trial that the differential was far greater than forecasted and
in excess of £1m: McGlinn at [817]–[818]. In other words, the advice was made
on erroneous assumptions.

(d) The absence of reinstatement: The claimant had not rebuilt the house
nearly two years after the demolition works: McGlinn at [823].

673 In the second case, Linklaters Business Services v Sir Robert McAlpine Ltd
and another (No 2) [2010] EWHC 2931 (TCC) (“Linklaters”), the claimant lessee
of a building discovered extensive corrosion in the insulated chilled water
pipework of the building after noticing a leak. On advice, the claimant
replaced the pipework and then sued the main contractors, subcontractors and
sub-subcontractors for the cost of replacing the pipework. One issue at trial
was whether the claimant was entitled to recover the cost of replacing the
pipework, or only the cost of replacing the insulation: see Linklaters at
[133].

674 Akenhead J held at [145] that the claimant’s decision to replace the
pipework was “not only … a wholly reasonable one but … probably the right and
necessary one”, noting, inter alia, the following points:

(a) First, replacement of the pipework “undoubtedly remedied the problems of
extensive defects in the insulation and extensive corrosion in the pipework.
It had the advantage of certainty”. It avoided the risk that further leaks
would occur if the pipes were left in place, and the difficulty of removing
all the corrosion: Linklaters at [145(a)]–[145(c)].

(b) Secondly, the claimant was advised by “bona fide experienced experts who …
advised unequivocally that replacement was required”; the claimant had no
reason to ignore this advice: Linklaters at [145(f)].

Application of the law

675 For the following reasons, I find that it was reasonable for Millenia to
reclad the Façade, and that Millenia is accordingly entitled to recover the
cost of the Reclad Option from Dragages and Builders Shop.

676 First and foremost, it is of critical importance that rectification of the
defects had already been attempted and had substantially failed to ensure the
Building was safe and fit for its purpose. The pertinent facts are as follows:

(a) In 2004, seven years after the practical completion of a building whose
design life was 50 years, a stone panel weighing more than 100kg fell off the
Façade, landing near a bus stop.

(b) Inspections of the Façade were then carried out and it was discovered that
there were many defects on the Cladding.

(c) After disputes arose between the parties, they entered into the Settlement
Agreement with the aim of rectifying the defects. It must be emphasised that
the Settlement Agreement did not simply provide for defects to be rectified.
It set out a detailed and structured program for rectification that was to be
overseen by two of the largest facade consultants in Singapore, Arup and
Meinhardt (see [13] above). It is clear that the remedial scheme was devised
to unfailingly guarantee the safety of the Façade for the rest of its design
life:

(i) The defects were first to be identified, not by Dragages and Builders
Shop, but by Meinhardt, an independent expert.

(ii) The defects were then to be rectified by the application of rectification
methods accepted by both Meinhardt and Arup. Clause 12 of the Settlement
Agreement expressly provided that Dragages and Builders Shop would ensure that
the Rectification Works were “of a permanent nature” (see [82] above).

(iii) The Settlement Agreement then required Meinhardt to inspect the
Cladding, and for Arup to (be entitled to) inspect the Cladding thereafter.
Both façade consultants were to provide written confirmation that the
Rectification Works complied with the stringent requirements of the Settlement
Agreement.

(d) Yet this well-laid plan for the rectification of the defects simply did
not succeed. Instead, less than a year after Meinhardt Façade issued the 20
July 2010 Certificate confirming that the Rectification Works were carried out
in accordance with the Settlement Agreement, the 2nd Fall occurred.
Significant property damage was caused and two passers-by were injured. The
situation was so serious that the BCA observed that it “may direct a closure
of the building” (see [151] above). Plainly, such a result would have been a
calamity for the owner of the Building.

(e) The Façade was subsequently re-inspected by Arup and, in the course of the
100% Inspection, Arup found 630 panels at risk of falling in the near future
(see [225(b)] above). Arup also found many defects on the Cladding (which had
not been adequately rectified). This was the state of affairs 15 years after
completion, with 35 years left in the design life of the Building.

677 In sum, a detailed program for the rectification of the defects, overseen
by two of the largest façade consultants in Singapore, substantially failed to
ensure the safety of the Façade. The BCA told Millenia that it might order a
closure of the Building. It is clear that there was an issue of public safety.
The Building is in an area through which flows a not insignificant volume of
human traffic. This includes the National Day parades held at Marina Bay. In
those circumstances, in my judgment, even without Arup’s advice (see [678]
below), it was reasonable for Millenia to conclude that rectification had been
tried and found wanting, and the only way forward, to secure the safety of the
Building, was a reclad of the entire Façade. The fall of one more panel a few
years down the line would have had disastrous consequences for Millenia. There
would also have been the spectre of non-recourse due to limitation periods.
Extending the limitation period by a deed of warranty would have also added to
the cost.

678 Secondly, in the 8 August 2012 Letter, Arup recommended that Millenia
reclad the Façade. I do not accept Dragages’ submission that this was simply a
“commercial proposal” (see [668(a)(ii)] above). Arup’s letter contained clear
advice to reclad the Facade for reasons of safety, speed and aesthetics (see
[156] above). In addition, and importantly, Dragages and Builders Shop did not
challenge Arup’s advice in the 8 August 2012 Letter. There was therefore
little basis for me to find that the advice was wrong or unreasonable, and
that Millenia acted unreasonably in adopting the advice. The present facts are
accordingly distinguishable from those in McGlinn, where the advice was
premised on assumptions that were shown to be erroneous at trial (see [672(c)]
above).

679 I have found that Millenia relied on Arup’s advice in deciding to reclad
the Façade (see [158] above). As noted above, reliance on expert advice is
often “highly significant” in proving that a claimant acted reasonably in
carrying out a remedial scheme (see [671] above). In my judgment, the fact
that Millenia relied on Arup’s advice in deciding to reclad the Façade
significantly fortifies the conclusion that it acted reasonably in doing so.

680 Thirdly, and very importantly, subject to my discussion below of the use
of dead load rods to rectify the Cladding, I do not accept the Façade could
have been made safe without a reclad. It is clear from the evidence that there
was a mosaic of different defects distributed across the Façade. I do not
accept that all of these defects could have been properly rectified for the
following reasons.

681 First, the defects could only have been rectified if they were identified
to begin with. Yet after reviewing the Reclad Report and the supplementary
reports by the defendants’ façade experts, and hearing the evidence, it is
clear, and I find, that there were defects in the Cladding that could not be
identified, or were very difficult to identify, in a non-destructive
inspection of the Cladding, ie, without removing the panels, even with the
tedious and time-consuming use of a borescope. I note in particular the
following evidence:

(a) First, a borescope had to be inserted in the joints between panels to
enable inspection of the brackets (see [95] above). A borescope could not be
used if the joint was too narrow to permit its insertion. The evidence of the
façade experts was that as of February 2016, a borescope could only be
inserted through a gap of no less than 3–4mm. 905

##### Foot Note 905

×

Transcript, 29 February 2016, p 41.

If a joint was narrower than that, a borescope could not be used to inspect
the relevant bracket. When shown an example of such a joint by Mr Yang, Mr
Mann and Mr Lalas agreed that it would have been very difficult for an
inspector to examine the bracket behind the panel with a borescope. 906

##### Foot Note 906

×

Transcript, 29 February 2016, pp 35–46.

(b) Secondly, the façade experts gave evidence that certain defects were not
observed until the Reclad. For example:

(i) Mr Yang noted that in their inspections of the Façade, Arup and Meinhardt
Façade did not inspect washers behind vertical “C” channels, 907

##### Foot Note 907

×

AEIC of Yang Li dated 1 October 2015 at LY-03 (p 43).

which were part of type A brackets. 908

##### Foot Note 908

×

AEIC of James Phillip Mann and Hugh Keithly dated 20 January 2016 at para 9.1
(p 12).

The Reclad Report showed that some washers were corroding.

(ii) Having reviewed the photographs in the Reclad Report, Mr Mann and Mr
Keithly found 42 cases of DT3 (insufficiently or excessively embedded anchor
bolts) and 53 cases of DT5 (brackets not attached perpendicular to the RC
wall) that were not recorded in the 100% Inspection Reports, and opined that
this discrepancy was either because the defect was hidden from view or was not
considered defective. 909

##### Foot Note 909

×

Transcript, 2 March 2016, p 24 and pp 121–122.

This meant that the number of defective panels or fixings was not static and
would have, in all likelihood, increased.

682 Secondly, even if all the defects had been identified, I do not accept
that a rectification program akin to the Rectification Works, which employed a
wide variety of remedial methods – corrosion inhibitors, twisted rods, dead
load rods, dead load plates, etc – to address the different defects would have
made the Façade safe. While in theory such a program may have succeeded, it
would have been a very complex and involved enterprise given the number and
variety of defects and remedial methods. Bearing in mind workmanship issues by
façade contractors and the need for close supervision at every stage by an
experienced façade engineer, I do not accept that such a rectification program
would have made this Façade safe given the state that it was in in 2014.

683 Nevertheless, Dragages advances a submission that, on first sight, would
address both of the aforementioned points. Dragages submits that the entire
Façade could be made safe by inserting four dead load rods into every panel on
the Cladding (see [668(b)] above). Dragages relies on the evidence of Mr
Lalas, Mr Keithly and Mr Hartog that four dead load rods could have taken up
the dead load and wind load acting on each panel, rendering the brackets, as
Mr Hartog put it, “wholly redundant”. 910

##### Foot Note 910

×

Transcript, 3 March 2016, pp 88–92.

684 I accept the evidence of Mr Lalas, Mr Keithly and Mr Hartog that four dead
load rods could have taken up the dead load and wind load acting on each
panel. Yet I do not accept that this would have sufficed to make the Façade
safe. I find that such a remedial method would not have addressed the safety
risk posed by panels with multiple cracks, where the issue was not simply that
the bracket systems could not bear the loads acting on the panels but that the
panels were in danger of splitting and falling off the Façade. Importantly, Mr
Lalas, Dragages’ own expert, accepted that there were about 160 panels that
could not be rectified but had to be replaced (see [225(c)] above). These were
panels with multiple cracks which were in danger of breaking and falling off
the Façade. 911

##### Foot Note 911

×

Vol 16 BAEIC, AEIC of Firouzeh Maniquis and Peter Lalas dated 15 January 2014
at FP-1, para 578 (p 112).

I find that dead load rods would not have addressed this particular safety
risk. I would add that Mr Lalas chose not to give me a specific number of
panels that had to be replaced. In my view, having gone through the evidence
and the photographs, and having heard the disagreements amongst the experts,
there were likely to be more panels with cracks that could only be confidently
assessed with full access to the back of the panels as well as their fixings.

685 This raises the question, however, of whether the use of dead load rods
combined with the replacement of panels with multiple cracks would have made
the Façade safe. On the evidence, I accept that, in theory, if carried out
properly, it could probably have done so. However, there are two important
points:

(a) First, Dragages and Builders Shop do not contend, and there is no
evidence, that Millenia was informed of such a rectification method before it
made the decision to reclad the Façade:

(i) There is no evidence that Arup informed Millenia of such a rectification
scheme: on the contrary, it recommended a reclad of the Façade (see [156] and
[678] above). As noted at [678] above, the advice in the 8 August 2012 Letter
was not challenged on the basis that it was wrong or unreasonable.

(ii) Further, Dragages and Builders Shop did not suggest this remedial scheme
to Millenia before Millenia decided to reclad the Façade. The possibility that
the defects could be rectified by inserting four dead load rods into each
panel was first raised on 3 March 2016, during the witness conferencing of the
façade experts when Mr Lalas, Mr Keithly and Mr Hartog gave the evidence noted
at [683] above. The Reclad had commenced months earlier on 22 May 2015 (see
[168] above).

This is vital because, in my view, the reasonableness of the decision to
reclad the Façade must be assessed at the time at which the decision was made:
I accept Mr Singh’s submission in this regard. 912

##### Foot Note 912

×

Transcript, 23 February 2017, p 6.

Since Millenia was unaware of this possible means of rectifying the defects
when it decided to reclad the Façade, that decision cannot be found
unreasonable on the basis that this remedial scheme should have been adopted.

(b) Secondly, this remedial scheme would have involved removing some panels,
giving rise to the risk that other non-defective panels would be damaged in
the process. This risk was noted by Benson, who was of the “strong opinion”
that such damage would be caused, and therefore did not recommend the
selective removal and repair of panels (see [663] above). I would emphasise
that Benson is a well-established façade contractor. Notwithstanding its
expertise, Benson considered that damage to panels adjacent to those to be
replaced could not be avoided. I accordingly find that if a remedial scheme
involving dead load rods and replacement of some panels had been adopted,
further damage to the Cladding would have been caused in the process. That
damage would have had to be assessed and rectified if necessary, giving rise
to further costs and leaving a remaining risk that some safety risks due to
that damage were not addressed.

686 For these reasons, I have serious reservations over whether any method of
rectifying the defects short of a full reclad would have ensured the safety of
the Façade. In my view, this is critical. The risk of one more panel falling
off the Facade was simply not acceptable. These were panels of significant
size and weight. If a panel or even a piece of it had fallen off the Façade
and struck a passer-by, death or very serious injury would almost certainly
have followed. If, as I have concluded, the risk of another panel falling off
the Façade could not have been eliminated without a reclad, then a reclad, in
my judgment, was not only reasonable but the only justifiable course. I have
already referred to the location of the Building and the human traffic around
it at [677] above.

687 The aforementioned three points indicate that a reclad was necessary to
ensure the safety of the Façade. I note, however, that Dragages suggests that
the BCA and Arup did not consider that a reclad was necessary (see [668(a)(i)]
and [668(a)(ii)] above). I do not accept this submission for the following
reasons:

(a) The BCA’s opinion: I do not accept that the email relied on by Dragages
advances its case. The email states: 913

##### Foot Note 913

×

102AB 81429.

Permanent Rectification Works

Once the 100% panel inspection is about completed, we will require the PE to
recommend the permanent rectification works for those panels which are
temporarily restrained (If I remember correctly during our earlier discussion,
these panels will be replaced with BCA ST approval). The PE will also be
required to comment and recommend whether panels under long term rectification
will be replaced or not. …

In my view, it cannot safely be inferred from this that the BCA took the view
that a reclad of the Façade was not necessary. The BCA did not express a view
on the matter either way.

(b) Arup’s opinion: In my view, Arup’s opinion on the necessity of a reclad of
the Façade was clearly stated in the 8 August 2012 Letter: as I have noted, I
do not accept that the letter was merely a “commercial proposal” (see [678]
above). I also do not accept that the 4 December 2012 Draft and Mr Chin’s
statement in his AEIC assist Dragages. First, in respect of the 4 December
2012 Draft, Arup was simply expressing the view that the Façade was safe in
the short term (see [163(c)] above). Secondly, Mr Chin stated the following in
his AEIC: 914

##### Foot Note 914

×

Vol 24 BAEIC, AEIC of Chin Tze Kiang dated 28 February 2014 at para 317.

In my view, the safety and integrity of the façade is not in a position
precarious enough to warrant a full replacement of the entire façade. The
façade should be safe for the next 5 to 7 years or so, with proper and
adequate maintenance carried out by experienced personnel. [emphasis added]

This indicates that Mr Chin’s opinion was based on his view that the Façade
was safe in the short term. In my judgment, however, Millenia was entitled to
consider the safety of the Façade for the rest of its design life in deciding
to reclad the Façade.

688 Fourthly, I have found that the Reclad Option would have cost more than
the Rectification Option. However, I do not accept that it was unreasonable
for Millenia to reclad the Façade despite the difference in cost for two
important reasons.

689 First, although the Reclad Option would have been more costly, it would
have ensured the safety of the Façade; whereas I have very serious
reservations over whether the Rectification Option would have done so (see
[685(b)] above).

690 Secondly, it is not clear that the Rectification Option would have
eventually cost substantially less than the Reclad Option. On balance,
considering all the evidence before me, and doing the best that I can given
the limited utility of the expert evidence, I find that the difference in cost
between the Rectification Option and the Reclad Option is not so wide as to
clearly fall in favour of the Rectification Option as the reasonable option to
take. I have considered the following factors in arriving at this finding:

(a) The types and extent of the defects was disputed.

(b) The rectification methodology was disputed.

(c) Any supervising façade engineer and contractor tasked with rectification,
knowing the extent of the disputes, differences, and stakes (given the public
safety concerns and more specifically, the fact that two panels had fallen off
the Façade), would have charged a significant premium to undertake
rectification works (and so would their professional indemnity, construction
all-risks and public liability insurers).

(d) As I have noted, Benson recommended a “time and material” contract (see
[663] above). This is unsurprising. Contractors are not likely to price for a
contract to perform rectification works where the extent of the defects and
the rectifications required are not certain or ascertainable at the time of
tender. Such cost-plus contracts are notoriously open-ended regarding the
final sum to complete the works.

(e) Mr Hauw’s extraneous factors (see [662(d)] above) are valid considerations
and carried implications for the cost of the rectifications.

(f) Such necessarily painstaking, investigative identification of the defects
and the development of the repair methodology would have taken a considerable
period of time (given the time it took Arup just to carry out a full
inspection of the Façade).

(g) There would have been an undoubted effect on tenants and the level of
rentals achievable during this period of rectification.

(h) The cost of the rectifications would have posed considerable challenges
given the large costing differences between the experts.

(i) Finally, besides the time and costs considerations, there was a public
safety element that had to be weighed in the balancing exercise.

691 For the purposes of illustration, I now discuss the remedial method
emphasised by Dragages in its submissions: the insertion of dead load rods
into every panel on the Cladding. Dragages claims this would have only cost
$6,473,879. Dragages arrives at this figure based on Mr Riddett’s evidence
that it would have cost $456.55 to restrain a panel with four dead load rods
and two stitch pins, including preliminaries. 915

##### Foot Note 915

×

Dragages’ closing submissions at paras 1067–1068; AEIC of Martin Anthony
Riddett dated 16 April 2014 at MAR-2 (p 40).

Multiplying this figure by 14,180 – the total number of panels between levels
3 and 35 of the Building – yields the sum of $6,473,879. However, I do not
accept this sum for these reasons:

(a) First, I note that Dragages did not instruct Mr Riddett to assess the cost
of inserting four dead load rods on every panel on the Façade. Furthermore,
this issue was not raised in the witness conferencing of the quantum experts.
Although I indicated that we would not descend into the details, I note that
Mr Ho spent more than an hour questioning Mr Hauw on the methodology he used
in assessing the costs of the Reclad Option and the two remedial schemes he
considered. 916

##### Foot Note 916

×

Transcript, 8 August 2016, pp 94–154.

But notably, Mr Ho did not ask Mr Hauw or the other experts any questions
about the cost of inserting four dead load rods on every panel. There was thus
no expert evidence in support of the straight line calculation that Dragages
adopted in its closing submissions.

(b) Secondly, I have some reservations over the extrapolation that Dragages
adopted. Among other things, it does not appear to account for the extraneous
factors which Mr Hauw emphasised (see [662(d)] above). The quantum experts
also agreed that if the contractor carrying out the remedial scheme was
required to provide a warranty to Millenia, this would increase the price for
the works. 917

##### Foot Note 917

×

Transcript, 8 August 2016, pp 155–162.

It does not appear that Dragages’ sum of $6,473,879 accounts for this.

692 Moreover, as noted above, inserting four dead load rods into each panel
would not have sufficed to ensure the safety of the Façade. It would have been
necessary to replace some panels, which would have added to the cost. On Mr
Riddett’s calculation, it would have cost $1,161.16, more than two and a half
times the cost of inserting four dead load rods (and two stitch pins) into the
same. 918

##### Foot Note 918

×

AEIC of Martin Anthony Riddett dated 16 April 2014 at MAR-2 (pp 39–40).

(To be clear, I do not accept Mr Riddett’s calculation to be correct at this
stage of the proceedings; I refer to it simply to make the point that the
replacement of panels would have added to the cost of rectifying the Façade.)

693 Altogether, I find that the cost of rectifying the Cladding by (1)
replacing some cracked panels and (2) inserting four dead load rods into every
other panel would have substantially exceeded $6,473,879, although I am unable
to find exactly what the cost would be on the present evidence. The evidence
was that the Reclad Option would cost between around $12.3m and $20.3m (see
[666] above). Having compared these likely costs, I do not accept that the
Reclad Option was unreasonable just because it likely cost more than this
rectification option. The cost is but one factor, albeit an important one, to
be taken into consideration in weighing what is reasonable. In this case,
public safety is also a very important factor. As explained above, the
difference in cost is not certain and on balance, I find that difference is
not so large as to be a deciding factor for rectification.

694 For all the above reasons, I find that it was reasonable for Millenia to
reclad the Façade, and Millenia is accordingly entitled to recover the cost of
the Reclad Option from Dragages and Builders Shop.

Conclusion

695 In conclusion, for the reasons set out above, I make the following orders:

(a) Millenia’s claims against Dragages and Builders Shop: I allow Millenia’s
claims against Dragages and Builders Shop to the extent set out at [489]
above. I hold that Millenia is entitled to recover the cost of the Reclad
Option from Dragages and Builders Shop (see [694] above).

(b) Millenia’s claims against the Meinhardt Parties: I dismiss Millenia’s
claims against the Meinhardt Parties and Arup (see [514], [577] and [636]
above).

(c) The counterclaims against Millenia: I dismiss Builders Shop’s
counterclaim. However, I allow Arup’s counterclaim for an indemnity relating
to its legal costs in defending the third party claims relating to the
Rectification Works (see [644] above).

(d) The third party claims: I dismiss all of the third party claims against
Arup (see [657] above).

696 I will hear the parties on costs.

Quentin Loh  
Judge

Davinder Singh SC, Zhuo Jiaxiang, Lea Woon Yee, Seah Wang Ting and Alvin Ee
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Ho Chien Mien, Tan Li-Jie and Leong Ji Mun, Gregory (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for
the first defendant;  
Ling Daw Hoang Philip and Yap Jie Han (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) for the
second defendant;  
Philip Jeyaretnam SC, Paul Wong Por Luk, Melvin See Hsien Huei, Charmaine Kong
and Wu Wenbang, Francis (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the third and
fourth defendants;  
Tan Gim Hai Adrian, Daniel Chia Hsiung Wen, Amarjit Kaur, Thenuga d/o
Vijakumar, Ker Yanguang and Kenneth Kong (Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC) for the
fifth defendant and third party.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

