Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 45

Suit No 121 of 2017  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 253 of 2017)

Between

(1)| Khalid Ali Salah Abdulla  
---|---  
(2)| Hussain, Ali Abdulla Al-Yazidi  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| Alwee Alkaff  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Striking out]

[Trusts] — [Breach of trust]

[Trusts] — [Accessory liability]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Khalid Ali Salah Abdulla and another

  
v

  

Alwee Alkaff

[2018] SGHC 45

High Court — Suit No 121 of 2017 (Registrar’s Appeal No 253 of 2017)  
Chua Lee Ming J  
5 October 2017

28 February 2018

Chua Lee Ming J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiffs, Mr Khalid Ali Salah Abdulla and Mr Hussain Ali Abdulla Al-
Yazidi, brought this action in a representative capacity on their own behalf
and on behalf of 29 other parties.

2 In summary, the plaintiffs claimed that

(a) the defendant, Mr Alwee Alkaff, had taken over as trustee of certain trust
monies (“the Trust Monies”) which had been received by his father and uncle
who were the original trustees;

(b) the defendant was therefore liable as trustee for the Trust Monies;

(c) in the alternative, the defendant had knowingly received the Trust Monies
and/or dishonestly assisted in breaches of trusts committed by the original
trustees in respect of the same.

3 The defendant applied to strike out the action under all four limbs of O 18
r 19(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”). On 5
September 2017, the Assistant Registrar (“AR”) struck out the statement of
claim. The plaintiffs appealed against the AR’s decision and on 5 October
2017, I dismissed the appeal. The plaintiffs have appealed against my
decision.

Background

4 The plaintiffs, and the 29 parties whom they represent, are Yemenis who
claimed to be descendants of Shaik Abdulla bin Husein bin Saleh bin Abdulla
bin Toq Al Ahmadi (“Shaik Abdulla”). Shaik Abdulla was also known as “Shaikh
Abdullah bin Hussein bin Salleh bin Abdullah bin Toq Alahmadi” and as “Shaikh
Abdulla bin Hussein bin Salleh bin Abdullah bin Toq Alahmadi”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Respondent’s Bundle of Documents (“RBD”) at p 92.

According to the plaintiffs, Shaik Abdulla was their grandfather. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

2nd plaintiff’s 2nd affidavit affirmed on 24 July 2017 at para 10(b).

5 On 14 October 1944, Shaik Abdulla passed away, leaving a will in which he
appointed Shaikh Ali Alawi bin Toq Al Ahmadi as the executor (“the Executor”).
3

##### Foot Note 3

×

RBD 19–21.

The beneficiaries under Shaik Abdulla’s will were the Executor and Shaik
Abdulla’s four sons (Hamood bin Abdulla, Salah bin Abdulla, Mohamed bin
Abdulla and Ali bin Abdulla) (together, “the Beneficiaries”).

6 The Executor appointed Syed Mohamed bin Ahmad bin Shaikh Alkaff (“Syed
Mohamed”) and Syed Husain bin Ahmad bin Shaikh Alkaff (“Syed Husain”) as his
attorneys for the purposes of carrying out his duties as executor of Shaik
Abdulla’s will. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

RBD 45–46.

7 On 29 November 1946, the Supreme Court of the Colony of Singapore granted
letters of administration with will annexed in respect of Shaik Abdulla’s
estate to Syed Mohamed and Syed Husain (“the Administrators”), as the duly
constituted attorneys of the Executor. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

RBD 81–83.

The defendant, now aged 89, is the son of Syed Mohamed.

8 The schedule of assets in respect of Shaik Abdulla’s estate listed five
properties – 24 Mosque Street and 58–61 Queen Street (together, “the
Properties”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

RBD 83.

However, as will be seen later (at [22]–[25] below), a half share in 58–61
Queen Street was in fact held on trust and did not therefore form part of
Shaik Abdulla’s estate.

9 Syed Mohamed died on 15 October 1971 and letters of administration of his
estate were granted on 14 April 1972 to the defendant and his brother, Syed
Ibrahim bin Mohamed bin Ahmad Alkaff. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defendant’s 3rd Affidavit affirmed on 30 June 2017, at pp 52–54.

10 The remaining Administrator, Syed Husain, died later on 21 November 1976. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

RBD 128.

The plaintiffs’ claim

11 In their statement of claim, the plaintiffs pleaded that the Administrators
were trustees of, among other assets, the Properties, under Shaik Abdulla’s
will and that

(a) the Administrators breached their duties as trustees in respect of the
Properties; 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Statement of claim (“SOC”), para 25.

and

(b) alternatively, by reason of their breaches of duties as trustees, the
Administrators held the Trust Monies on constructive trust for the
Beneficiaries and consequently the plaintiffs. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC, para 40.

The Trust Monies comprised rental income and sale proceeds from the Properties
(see [35] below).

12 The plaintiffs did not sue the Administrators’ estates. Instead, they sued
the defendant. The plaintiffs pleaded that

(a) upon the Administrators’ retirement and/or deaths, the Trust Monies passed
into the defendant’s possession and the defendant took over as trustee of the
Trust Monies; 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC, para 41.

(b) alternatively, the defendant dishonestly assisted in the Administrators’
breaches of duties as trustees; 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOC, paras 42 and 43.

and

(c) alternatively, the defendant knowingly received the benefits from the
Trust Monies upon Syed Mohamed’s death. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOC, para 44.

13 The defendant applied to strike out the action under all four limbs of O 18
r 19(1) of the Rules. The principles applicable to O 18 r 19(1) were not in
dispute. In substance, the defendant’s case was that the action ought to be
struck out because the pleadings disclosed no reasonable cause of action
and/or the claims were plainly or obviously unsustainable. The relevant limbs
of O 18 r 19(1) were therefore limbs (a), (b) and (d).

14 I will deal with the alleged breaches of the Administrators’ duties as
trustees and the alleged constructive trust before dealing with the question
of the defendant’s liability.

Alleged breaches of duties by the Administrators

24 Mosque Street

15 It was not disputed that on 16 February 1948, the Administrators sold 24
Mosque Street to a member of their family, Syed Abubakr bin Shaikh Alkaff
(“Syed Abubakr”) for $13,000. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

RBD 57–59.

The conveyance was registered in the Index of Lands on 17 February 1948. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

RBD 55.

According to the plaintiffs, Syed Abubakr was Syed Mohamed’s uncle and Syed
Husain’s brother.

16 The plaintiffs’ case was that 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOC, paras 12, 26–30.

(a) the Administrators had breached their duties as trustees in selling 24
Mosque Street to Syed Abubakr as they were in a position of conflict and had
not obtained the Beneficiaries’ consent to the sale; and

(b) the Administrators breached their duties in that they failed to pay the
sale proceeds of $13,000 to the Beneficiaries.

17 The allegation that the sale to Syed Abubakr was in breach of the
Administrators’ duties as trustees was in my view arguable. However, the
allegation that Administrators failed to pay the sale proceeds of $13,000 to
the Beneficiaries was nothing more than just speculation. The plaintiffs and
those they represented were not even the persons whom it was alleged that the
Administrators had failed to make payment to. The sale took place in 1948. The
plaintiffs gave no explanation as to how they might have known that the sale
proceeds were not paid to the Beneficiaries. Neither did the plaintiffs
produce any evidence in support of their allegation. In my view, the
allegation that the Administrators breached their duties by failing to pay the
sale proceeds of $13,000 to the Beneficiaries was unsustainable.

18 The plaintiffs also pleaded that

(a) from 1948 to 1992, 24 Mosque Street “remained under the ownership and
possession of the Alkaff family” and that “the Alkaff family transferred” it
to HKL Development Pte Ltd (“HKL”) in 1992; 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOC, paras 13 and 14.

and

(b) the Beneficiaries and consequently the plaintiffs suffered losses in the
form of rental income from 1948 to 1992 (“the 24 Mosque Street Rental”) and
the proceeds from the sale to HKL. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOC, para 30.

19 It was not clear what was the basis upon which the plaintiffs were claiming
the 24 Mosque Street Rental and the proceeds from the sale to HKL. Further,
there was neither explanation nor evidence as to who transferred the property
to HKL, or the circumstances under which the transfer took place. In any
event, these were not pleaded as breaches but as losses and I need not dwell
further on them for present purposes.

58 Queen Street

20 The plaintiffs’ case was that 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOC, paras 16 and 31–34.

(a) the Administrators stopped paying the Beneficiaries rental income from 58
Queen Street after 1964;

(b) on 31 December 1981, 58 Queen Street was compulsorily acquired by the
Singapore Government and $17,980 was paid as compensation;

(c) the Administrators failed to pay the Beneficiaries

(i) the rental income from 1964 to 1981 (“the 58 Queen Street Rental”); and

(ii) the compensation award of $17,980.

21 Once again, the allegation that the Administrators failed to pay the 58
Queen Street Rental was speculation on the part of the plaintiffs. The
plaintiffs gave no evidence whatsoever in support of their allegation. More
importantly, as the defendant submitted, it was patently clear that 58 Queen
Street no longer formed a part of Shaik Abdulla’s estate after 1959, for the
reasons which follow.

22 A deed of partition was made on 3 April 1959 (“the Deed of Partition”) in
respect of 58–61 Queen Street (“the Queen Street properties). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

RBD 73–75.

The Deed of Partition was registered in the Colony of Singapore Registry of
Deeds. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

RBD 72.

One of the recitals in the Deed of Partition stated that by a Deed of
Declaration of Trust dated 20 November 1924 (“the 1924 Declaration of Trust”),
Shaik Abdulla had declared a trust of a half share in the Queen Street
properties in favour of Shaikh Ali bin Alwee bin Salleh bin Toke and Shaikh
Mohamed bin Alwee bin Salleh bin Toke (“Mohamed”) equally. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

See second recital at RBD 73.

It appeared that Shaikh Ali bin Alwee bin Salleh bin Toke was the same person
who was appointed as the Executor; one of his aliases (as stated in the Deed
of Partition) was Shaik Ali Alawi bin Toke Alhamadi. The Executor and Mohamed
were brothers. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

See RBD 52.

23 The schedule of assets of Mohamed’s estate stated that Mohamed had a “one-
fourth” share of the Queen Street properties. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

RBD 53.

This statement was consistent with the 1924 Declaration of Trust.

24 Pursuant to the Deed of Partition, the Queen Street properties were
partitioned and

(a) 58 Queen Street was conveyed to the Executor;

(b) 59–60 Queen Street were conveyed to the Administrators as the legal
representatives of Shaik Abdulla; and

(c) 61 Queen Street was conveyed to Syed Mohamed as the legal personal
representative of Mohamed. Letters of administration in respect of Mohamed’s
estate had been granted to Syed Mohamed on 6 March 1953. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

RBD 52–53.

25 All four of the Queen Street properties were similar in size. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

See, eg, RBD 65.

The conveyance of 58 and 61 Queen Street to the Executor and Mohamed’s estate
respectively, was therefore consistent with the 1924 Declaration of Trust in
which Shaik Abdulla declared a trust of a half share in the Queen Street
properties in favour of the Executor and Mohamed equally.

26 The title to 58 Queen Street was subsequently issued to one “Lum Chan” on
15 July 1960. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

RBD 64–65.

27 The evidence was incontrovertible. 58 Queen Street ceased to form part of
Shaik Abdulla’s estate after 1959. The Administrators could not have received
any rental income from 58 Queen Street after 1959, or the compensation award
in 1981, for the benefit of the Beneficiaries. The Beneficiaries were simply
not entitled to either. The plaintiffs’ claims that the Administrators failed
to pay the 58 Queen Street Rental and/or the compensation award to the
Beneficiaries were obviously also unsustainable for this reason.

59–61 Queen Street

28 The plaintiffs’ case was that 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOC, paras 19 and 35–37.

(a) the Administrators stopped paying the Beneficiaries rental income from
59–61 Queen Street after 1964;

(b) the Administrators breached their duties as trustees in that they failed
to pay the Beneficiaries

(i) the rental income from 1964 to 1967 when the three properties were sold
(“the 59–61 Queen Street Rental”); and

(ii) the sale proceeds of $26,000 from the sale of the three properties to the
Kwek Family in 1967 (see [29] below).

29 As stated earlier, after the Queen Street properties were partitioned in
1959, 59–60 Queen Street remained as part of Shaik Abdulla’s estate whilst 61
Queen Street was conveyed to Syed Mohamed as administrator of Mohamed’s estate
(see [24] above). On 26 August 1966, the Singapore High Court approved the
sale of 59–61 Queen Street at a price of not less than $24,500. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

RBD 93–94.

On 14 June 1967, the three properties were sold to Kwek Chye Seng, Kwek Kok
Chuan, Kwek Chye Ann, Kwek Chye Guan, Kwek Kok Chye and Kwek Kok Hong (“the
Kwek Family”) for a total sum of $26,000 as follows:

(a) the Administrators sold 59 and 60 Queen Street for $8,667 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

RBD 95–98.

and $8,666 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

RBD 99–102.

respectively; and

(b) Syed Mohamed (as administrator of Mohamed’s estate) sold 61 Queen Street
for $8,667. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

RBD 103–106.

30 Again, the plaintiffs’ allegations were just speculations. The plaintiffs
have offered no evidence whatsoever in support of their allegations that the
Administrators failed to pay the Beneficiaries the 59–61 Queen Street Rental
or the sale proceeds from 59–61 Queen Street.

31 In addition, the plaintiffs’ claims with respect to 61 Queen Street were
clearly unsustainable since that property had also ceased to form a part of
Shaik Abdulla’s estate well before 1964 (see [24(c)] above).

32 The plaintiffs were aware of the Deed of Partition and did not challenge
the Deed of Partition or its contents. Yet, they persisted in pursuing their
claims in respect of 58 and 61 Queen Street without any explanation or
evidence as to why they were still entitled to make these claims when these
properties ceased to form part of Shaik Abdulla’s estate in 1959. Further, the
plaintiffs pleaded that the Administrators paid the Beneficiaries the rental
income from the Queen Street Properties between 1944 and 1964. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

SOC, paras 16 and 19.

However, this assertion was clearly contradicted by the 1924 Declaration of
Trust pursuant to which a half share in the Queen Street Properties was held
on trust for the Executor and Mohamed equally (see [22] above). In my view,
the plaintiffs’ bald and unsupported assertion that the Beneficiaries received
the rental income from all the Queen Street Properties attested to the
speculative nature of their claims.

Conclusion on allegations of breaches of duties

33 For the reasons set out above, the allegations that the Administrators
breached their duties as trustees in failing to pay the Beneficiaries the
rental incomes from the Properties and/or the proceeds of sale of the
Properties were plainly unsustainable.

34 The only breach alleged against the Administrators that was arguable was
the allegation that the Administrators breached their duties in selling 24
Mosque Street to Syed Abubakr without having obtained the Beneficiaries’
consent. However, for reasons that will become apparent later, this particular
breach did not translate into a sustainable claim against the defendant.

Alleged constructive trust

35 The plaintiff pleaded that by reason of their breaches of duties as
trustees, the Administrators held the Trust Monies on constructive trust for
the Beneficiaries. As pleaded, the Trust Monies comprised the following: 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

SOC, para 40.

(a) the sum of $13,000 from the sale of 24 Mosque Street to Syed Abubakr;
alternatively, the 24 Mosque Street Rental and the proceeds of the sale to HKL
in 1992;

(b) the 58 Queen Street Rental;

(c) the compensation award of $17,980 in respect of the compulsory acquisition
of 58 Queen Street;

(d) the 59–61 Queen Street Rental; and

(e) the sum of $26,000 from the sale of 59–61 Queen Street to the Kwek Family.

36 It was not clear why the plaintiffs had to seek to impose a constructive
trust on the Administrators. After all, the Administrators were said to be
trustees under Shaik Abdulla’s will and on that basis would have held the
Trust Monies (which were either revenue from, or proceeds from the sale of,
the Properties) as trustees.

37 Be that as it may, the constructive trust claims (although pleaded in the
alternative) in fact stood or fell with the allegations that the
Administrators breached their duties by failing to pay the rental incomes or
the sale proceeds to the Beneficiaries. As I had concluded that these alleged
breaches could not be sustained, it followed that the constructive trust
claims were therefore also unsustainable.

The plaintiffs’ case against the defendant

38 The plaintiffs pleaded that the defendant (a) took over as trustee of the
Trust Monies, (b) dishonestly assisted in the Administrators’ breaches of
duties as trustees, and (c) knowingly received the benefits from the Trust
Monies upon Syed Mohamed’s death (see [12] above).

Whether the defendant took over as trustee of the Trust Monies

39 The plaintiffs pleaded that on the Administrators’ retirement and/or
deaths, the Trust Monies passed into the defendant’s possession and the
defendant took over as trustee of the Trust Monies. The reliefs sought
included orders for the transfer of the Trust Monies to the plaintiffs and an
account of the Trust Monies.

40 The plaintiffs further pleaded that the fact that the defendant took over
as trustee of the Trust Monies may be inferred from the following assertions:
35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SOC, para 41.

(a) The defendant’s father was one of the Administrators.

(b) From 1957 to 1968, the defendant “understudied his father”.

(c) Between 1957 and 1968, the defendant assisted the Administrators with
their duties as trustees under Shaik Abdulla’s will including sending
correspondence to the Beneficiaries in relation to the Properties.

(d) The defendant took over Syed Mohamed’s duties in respect of the Properties
after the latter retired in 1968.

During submissions before me, the plaintiffs also relied on the fact that the
defendant took over, and remained, as trustee of another piece of property at
247 South Bridge Road, Singapore which had been declared as a Wakaf property
(ie, a charitable endowment) by one Shaik Hamood bin Mohamed Bin Abdullah bin
Toke Alahamdi (“Shaik Hamood”). Shaik Hamood was Shaik Abdulla’s uncle.

41 My earlier conclusions that the allegations of breaches of trust were
unsustainable necessarily meant that there were no Trust Monies that the
defendant could have taken over as trustee of.

42 In any event, in my judgment, the inference could not be supported. First,
it was way too much of a stretch to infer from just the facts relied on by the
plaintiffs that the defendant had taken over from his father as a trustee of
the Trust Monies.

43 Second, the plaintiffs’ assertion that the defendant understudied his
father from 1957 to 1968 was based on a transcript of an interview given by
the defendant to the National Archives in 1982. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

2nd plaintiff’s 3rd affidavit affirmed on 2 October 2017 at para 60. See,
also, the copy of the interview transcript tendered to the court.

In that interview, the defendant said that when his father retired in 1968 or
thereabouts, he took over the management of the family business and that he
understudied his father from 1957 to 1968. In his affidavit, the second
plaintiff acknowledged that the defendant appeared to be recounting the
history of his family business and his taking over of the same in 1968. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

2nd plaintiff’s 3rd affidavit at para 60.

The Alkaff family business was in property. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defendant’s 3rd affidavit at para 14.

However, the mere fact that the defendant took over the management of the
family business did not mean that he therefore also took over as trustee of
the Trust Monies.

44 Third, the plaintiffs asserted that the defendant assisted the
Administrators with their duties between 1957 and 1968 by sending
correspondence to the Beneficiaries in relation to the Properties. However,
the only evidence that the plaintiffs could point to in support of this
assertion were two letters dated 14 June 1965 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

2nd plaintiff’s 3rd affidavit at pp 32–33.

(“the 14 June 1965 letter”) and 14 July 1967 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

2nd plaintiff’s 3rd affidavit at pp 58–59.

(“the 14 July 1967 letter”). It was not disputed that the defendant signed the
14 July 1967 letter. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defendant’s 3rd affidavit at paras 56–57.

However, even assuming that the defendant also signed the 14 June 1965 letter,
both letters merely showed that the defendant assisted the Administrators on
two occasions, once in 1965 and the second time in 1967. In my view, these two
letters were not enough to prove that the defendant was assisting the
Administrators in their duties as trustees of the Properties or the Trust
Monies on any regular basis between 1957 and 1968 (as alleged by the
plaintiffs), much less support an inference that the defendant took over as
trustee of the Trust Monies in place of his father in 1968.

45 Fourth, the plaintiff’s assertion that the defendant took over Syed
Mohamed’s duties as trustee in respect of the Properties when the latter
retired in 1968 begs the question whether the defendant had taken over as
trustee of the Trust Monies.

46 Finally, the fact that the defendant became trustee of the Wakaf property
set up by Shaik Hamood was neither here nor there. The mere fact that Shaik
Hamood was related to Shaik Abdulla was clearly insufficient to support an
inference that the defendant therefore also became a trustee of the Trust
Monies.

Claim for dishonest assistance

47 The elements of a claim in dishonest assistance are (a) the existence of a
trust, (b) a breach of that trust, (c) assistance rendered by the third party
towards the breach and (d) a finding that the assistance rendered was
dishonest: George Raymond Zage III and another v Ho Chi Kwong and another
[2010] 2 SLR 589 at [20] (“George Raymond”).

48 The plaintiffs pleaded that it was to be inferred that the defendant knew
and/or dishonestly assisted in the following: 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

SOC, para 43.

(a) The Properties and/or Trust Monies were held by the Administrators on
trust for the Beneficiaries and consequently the plaintiffs.

(b) The Administrators intended to and attempted to conceal the Trust Monies
from the Beneficiaries and the plaintiffs.

(c) The Administrators intended to retain the Trust Monies for their own
benefit and the defendant’s benefit.

In substance, the plaintiffs’ claim was that the defendant dishonestly
assisted the Administrators in not paying the Beneficiaries the Trust Monies,
concealing the Trust Monies from the Beneficiaries and retaining the Trust
Monies for their own use.

49 I had concluded that the allegations of breaches of trust in respect of the
alleged failures to pay the Trust Monies to the Beneficiaries were
unsustainable. This meant that the claims for dishonest assistance in
connection with these breaches also had to fail since element (b) would not be
satisfied.

50 That left the alleged breach in the sale of 24 Mosque Street to Syed
Abubakr which I had concluded was arguable. However, as can be seen from [48]
above, the claim for dishonest assistance related to the Trust Monies and did
not include dishonest assistance in the sale of 24 Mosque Street to Syed
Abubakr. Further, the plaintiffs’ claim was that the defendant assisted the
Administrators between 1957 and 1968 (see [40(c)] above) whereas the sale took
place in 1948.

51 In any event, in my view, the plaintiffs’ claims for dishonest assistance
(even if one included the sale of 24 Mosque Street to Syed Abubakr) were
doomed to fail because elements (c) and (d) would not be satisfied.

52 The plaintiffs pleaded that the defendant’s dishonest assistance in
relation to the Administrators’ breaches of duties as trustees was apparent
and/or to be inferred from the following: 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

SOC, para 42.

(a) The defendant’s father was one of the Administrators.

(b) From 1957 to 1968, the defendant understudied his father.

(c) Between 1957 and 1968, the defendant assisted the Administrators with
their duties as trustees under Shaik Abdulla’s will including sending
correspondence to the Beneficiaries in relation to the Properties.

(d) In an affidavit dated 24 August 1966 deposed to by the Administrators in
relation to the Properties, the Administrators falsely stated that the
Beneficiaries were residing in Tarim, Hadhramaut when they were in fact
residing in Yafa, Aden, and the defendant knew the statement in the affidavit
was false.

(e) The defendant took over Syed Mohamed’s duties in respect of the Properties
after the latter retired in 1968.

(f) In 1985, the defendant held himself out to be the agent of 5 Chin Chew
Street, Singapore and failed to inform the relevant beneficiaries that the
property had been compulsorily acquired. 5 Chin Chew Street belongs to the
estate of the defendant’s great-grandaunt, in respect of which Syed Mohamed
was an administrator.

(g) The defendant continued to be the trustee of the Wakaf property at 247
South Bridge Road (see [39] above).

53 It was not at all clear how the defendant was alleged to have assisted in
the alleged breaches by the Administrators. Be that as it may, in my view, the
above matters pleaded by the plaintiffs did not support any inference that the
defendant had assisted in the Administrators’ alleged breaches of duties as
trustees, much less that he had done so dishonestly.

54 The matters set out in [52(a)], [52(b)], [52(c)], [52(e)] and [52(g)] above
have been dealt with earlier. Suffice it to say that I did not see how these
matters could support an inference that the defendant had dishonestly assisted
in the Administrators’ alleged breaches of duties. I would only add that it
was completely perplexing how the defendant’s trusteeship in respect of the
Wakaf property could even be relied upon to support an inference of dishonest
assistance. It seemed to me that the plaintiffs were clutching at not even
straws but air.

55 The plaintiffs’ reliance on the Administrators’ statement in the affidavit
dated 24 August 1966 was also unjustified. Even assuming that the
Administrators had made the statement knowing it was false, there was no
evidence whatsoever that the defendant knew the statement to be false or had
any part to play in relation to that affidavit. Besides, it was really
difficult to see any nexus between that statement and the alleged dishonest
assistance in this case.

56 Likewise, it was also difficult to see any nexus between the plaintiffs’
assertion in relation to the Chin Chew Street property and the alleged
dishonest assistance in this case.

Claim for knowing receipt

57 The elements required to establish knowing receipt are (a) the disposal of
the plaintiff’s assets in breach of fiduciary duty, (b) the beneficial receipt
by the defendant of assets which are traceable as representing these assets,
and (c) knowledge on the part of the defendant that the assets received are
traceable to a breach of fiduciary duty: George Raymond at [23]. The test with
respect to knowledge is whether the recipient possessed the state of knowledge
that makes it unconscionable for him to retain the benefit of the receipt:
George Raymond at [23]. This can be actual knowledge or wilful avoidance of
knowledge: Yong Kheng Leong and another v Panweld Trading Pte Ltd and another
[2013] 1 SLR 173 at [81].

58 The plaintiffs pleaded that as Syed Mohamed’s son, the defendant received
the benefits from the Trust Monies upon Syed Mohamed’s death. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

SOC, para 44.

Assuming that some at least of the allegations of breaches of duties could be
made out, I was prepared to accept that it was arguable that as one of the
legal representatives of Syed Mohamed’s estate (see [9] above) and/or Syed
Mohamed’s son, the defendant could have received the Trust Monies or assets
representing the Trust Monies after Syed Mohamed died. It was arguable
therefore that element (b) was satisfied.

59 However, my earlier conclusion that the allegations of breaches of duties
in respect of the Trust Monies were unsustainable meant that element (a) would
not be satisfied and accordingly the claim for knowing receipt would be
unsustainable as well.

60 In any event, in my view, element (c) would also not be satisfied. The
plaintiffs submitted (although not expressly pleaded) that the defendant knew
of the matters set out at [48] above and that this knowledge was apparent
and/or to be inferred from the following facts: 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions, para 124.

(a) The defendant’s father was one of the Administrators.

(b) From 1957 to 1968, the defendant understudied his father.

(c) Between 1957 and 1968, the defendant assisted the Administrators with
their duties under Shaik Abdulla’s will including sending correspondence to
the Beneficiaries in relation to the Properties.

(d) In 1968, Syed Mohamed retired and the defendant took over Syed Mohamed’s
duties in respect of the Properties.

(e) The defendant is/was also involved in the management of other property
belonging to other members of Shaik Abdulla’s family, ie, the 5 Chin Chew
Street property and the Wakaf property.

61 Suffice it to say that these matters have already been dealt with earlier.
In my view, these were insufficient to support the inference sought by the
plaintiffs.

Section 20 of the Trustees Act

62 Although not pleaded, the plaintiffs also sought to rely on s 20(2) of the
Trustees Act (Cap 337, 2005 Rev Ed). Section 20(1) and (2) provide as follows:

20.–(1) Where a power or trust is given to or imposed on 2 or more trustees
jointly, the same may be exercised or performed by the survivors or survivor
of them for the time being.

(2) Until the appointment of new trustees, the personal representatives or
representative for the time being of a sole trustee, or where there were 2 or
more trustees, of the last surviving or continuing trustee, shall be capable
of exercising or performing any power or trust which was given to, or capable
of being exercised by, the sole or last surviving or continuing trustee, or
other trustees or trustee for the time being.

…

63 The plaintiffs submitted as follows: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions, paras 27–29, 164–170.

(a) Under s 3 of the Trustees Act, the terms “trust” and “trustee” extend to
constructive trusts.

(b) Therefore, s 20(2) applies to constructive trustees.

(c) Following the Administrators’ breaches of their duties as trustees, they
held the Trust Monies on a constructive trust. Upon the Administrators’ death
and/or retirement, the defendant took over as trustee of the Trust Monies that
were held under a constructive trust.

64 It was not clear why s 20(2) was relevant to the plaintiffs’ case. First,
as stated earlier, Syed Mohamed died in 1971 leaving Syed Husain as the last
surviving trustee under Shaik Abdulla’s will. Section 20(1) empowered Syed
Hussain to perform the trust as sole trustee. Upon Syed Husain’s subsequent
death in 1976, s 20(2) empowered the personal representatives of Syed Husain
to exercise the powers given to or exercisable by Syed Husain, until new
trustees were appointed. Section 20(2) would not apply to the defendant since
Syed Mohamed was not the last surviving trustee. It was not alleged, and there
was no evidence, that the defendant was the personal representative of Syed
Husain.

65 Second, even if the defendant was a personal representative of the last
surviving trustee, s 20(2) of the Trustees Act could not possibly make him a
trustee of the Trust Monies by reason of this fact alone. In such a scenario,
s 20(2) merely empowered the defendant to exercise or perform any power or
trust given to, or capable of being exercised by the last surviving trustee in
respect of the Trust Monies. If the defendant did not in fact exercise the
powers of a trustee of the Trust Monies, s 20(2) would not make him a trustee.
On the other hand, if the defendant did in fact take over as trustee of the
Trust Monies (as the plaintiffs alleged), he would be liable as trustee
because he did so; there would have been no need to rely on s 20(2).

66 The plaintiffs referred me to In re Benett [1906] Ch 216. In that case,
Benett was the last surviving trustee under the will of Elizabeth Horne.
Benett died intestate and insolvent. As he had previously committed a breach
of trust, Benett’s estate became indebted to the trust under the will.
Benett’s widow took out administration to his estate and became his personal
representative. Under the will, the trustee’s personal representative could
take over as trustee of the will. However, the court found that Benett’s widow
had not accepted the office of trustee of the will. Consequently, the court
held that she could not be compelled to exercise the right of retainer in
favour of the beneficiaries under Elizabeth Horne’s will. The right of
retainer (since abolished in England) was a right vested in Benett’s widow (as
administrator of his estate) to retain assets out of Benett’s estate
sufficient to pay any debt due from the estate to her in priority to other
creditors of the estate. The plaintiffs sought to rely on the judgment of
Cozens-Hardy LJ who said (at 233) that if the legal personal representative
fills the position of trustee then he is compellable to exercise the right.

67 In re Benett did not advance the plaintiffs’ case any further. The key
question in the present case was whether the defendant did take over as (or
fill the position of) trustee of the Trust Monies. The answer to this question
depended on the evidence in this case. In my view, the plaintiff’s reliance on
s 20(2) of the Trustees Act was neither here nor there.

Other miscellaneous issues

The plaintiffs’ standing

68 The defendant’s main submission was that the Beneficiaries’ estates were
the proper parties to bring this action and that the plaintiffs were not
authorised to act for the Beneficiaries’ estates.

69 I disagreed with the defendant. A beneficiary is entitled to claim reliefs
on behalf of the estate: Ching Chew Weng Paul v Ching Pui Sim and others
[2010] 2 SLR 76 at [58]. In this case, whether the plaintiffs were descendants
of Shaik Abdulla and consequently beneficiaries under Shaik Abdulla’s will
(albeit through the Beneficiaries) were issues that were more appropriate for
trial. Further, any pleading inadequacies in this respect may be addressed
through appropriate amendments to the statement of claim.

Limitation

70 I disagreed with the defendant’s submission that the present action was
time-barred under s 22(2) of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed). Under
s 22(2), no action by a beneficiary to recover trust property or in respect of
any breach of trust shall be brought after the expiration of six years from
the date on which the right of action accrued. However, s 22(2) is expressly
stated to be subject to s 22(1) which provides that no period of limitation
prescribed by the Limitation Act applies to an action by a beneficiary under a
trust (a) in respect of any fraud or fraudulent breach of trust to which the
trustee was a party or privy or (b) to recover from the trustee trust property
or the proceeds thereof in the possession of the trustee, or previously
received by the trustee and converted to his use. In my view, the plaintiffs’
reliance on s 22(1) could not be said to be plainly unsustainable.

The plaintiffs’ reliance on the discovery process

71 The plaintiffs relied on “The Bunga Melati 5” [2012] 4 SLR 546 in which the
Court of Appeal cautioned (at [75]) against speculating at an interlocutory
stage on the evidence that might or might not surface during trial where the
parties have had the benefit of discovery, interrogatory and cross-examination
processes.

72 In my view, The Bunga Melati did not assist the plaintiffs. In the present
case, the plaintiffs did not have a single iota of evidence in support of
their allegations that the Administrators failed to pay the rental incomes
and/or the sale proceeds in respect of the Properties. They were not even the
persons it was alleged that the Administrators had failed to make payment to
and there was neither explanation nor evidence as to how they had any
knowledge of such failure to make payment. All that the plaintiffs had were
their bald assertions. Further, as shown earlier, their claims in respect of
58 and 61 Queen Street were entirely without substance in the light of the
unrefuted documentary evidence.

73 Under these circumstances, in my view, it would be an abuse of the process
of the court to permit the plaintiffs to pursue these otherwise obviously
unsustainable claims with nothing more than the hope that the discovery
process might produce some evidence that might help their case.

Whether the statement of claim disclosed a reasonable cause of action

74 It is trite that so long as the statement of claim or the particulars
disclose some cause of action, or raise some question fit to be decided by a
judge, the mere fact that the case is weak and not likely to succeed is no
ground for striking it out under O 18 r 19(1)(a).

75 Although the plaintiffs’ claims could have been better pleaded in the
statement of claim, in my view, this was not a case where it could be said
that the statement of claim disclosed no reasonable cause of action. The
statement of claim did plead that the defendant took over as trustee of the
Trust Monies, that the defendant was aware that the Administrators held the
Trust Monies on trust for the Beneficiaries and consequently the plaintiffs,
and that the defendant dishonestly assisted the Administrators in attempting
to conceal the Trust Monies from the Beneficiaries and plaintiffs in order to
benefit themselves and the defendant. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

SOC, para 43.

However, as discussed earlier, the plaintiffs’ claims ought to be struck out
under O 18 r 19(1)(b) and/or (d), as they were plainly unsustainable and bound
to fail.

Conclusion

76 In my view, this was just an opportunistic action by the plaintiffs based
on speculation and with no evidence to support their claims. I was satisfied
that the plaintiffs’ claims were plainly unsustainable and ought to be struck
out under O 18 r 19(1)(b) and/or (d). It would be unfair to the defendant to
put him through a trial. Accordingly, I dismissed the appeal and ordered the
plaintiffs to pay costs of the appeal fixed at $7,500 inclusive of
disbursements.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge

Wong Hin Pkin Wendell, Priscylia Wu Baoyi, Wong Zi Qiang, Bryan (Drew & Napier
LLC) for the plaintiffs;  
Mohamed Ibrahim s/o Mohamed Yakub (Achievers LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

