Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 20

Suit No 542 of 2012  
(Summons No 5464 of 2017)

Between

PT SANDIPALA ARTHAPUTRA  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| STMICROELECTRONICS ASIA PACIFIC PTE LTD  
---|---  
(2)| OXEL SYSTEMS PTE LTD  
(3)| VINCENT PIERRE LUC, COUSIN  
  
… Defendants

And Between

OXEL SYSTEMS PTE LTD  
---  
  
… Plaintiff (by Counterclaim)

And

(1)| PT SANDIPALA ARTHAPUTRA  
---|---  
(2)| PAULUS TANNOS  
(3)| CATHERINE TANNOS  
(4)| LINA RAWUNG  
  
… Defendants (by Counterclaim)

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Contempt of Court] — [Civil contempt]

[Contempt of Court] — [Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
PT Sandipala Arthaputra

  
v

  
STMicroelectronics Asia Pacific Pte Ltd and others

[2018] SGHC 20

High Court — Suit No 542 of 2012 (Summons No 5464 of 2017)  
George Wei J  
12 January 2018

30 January 2018

George Wei J:

Introduction

1 Summons No 5464 of 2017 arises out of High Court Suit No 542 of 2012 (“the
Substantive Proceedings”). The Substantive Proceedings concerned a dispute
over a contract entered into around 9 December 2011 between the plaintiff, PT
Sandipala Arthaputra (“Sandipala”), and the second defendant, Oxel Systems Pte
Ltd (“Oxel”), for the supply of microchips (“chips”) from the first defendant,
STMicroelectronics Asia Pacific Pte Ltd (“ST-AP”). These chips were needed to
fulfil Sandipala’s obligations under an Indonesian Government contract or
award to produce electronic identification cards for its citizens.

2 In the Substantive Proceedings, Oxel counterclaimed against Sandipala as
well as Paulus Tannos (“Paulus”), Catherine Tannos (“Catherine”) and Lina
Rawung (“Rawung”) for damages and sums due and owing to Oxel by Sandipala. The
claim against Paulus, Catherine and Rawung was for conspiracy to injure Oxel
by unlawful means.

3 I dismissed Sandipala’s claims in the Substantive Proceedings on 12 May
2017. Oxel obtained judgment on the counterclaim for some US$21.822m plus
interest against Sandipala, Paulus and Catherine. Oxel’s counterclaim against
Rawung was dismissed. The complete facts are set out in my earlier judgment,
PT Sandipala Arthaputra v STMicroElectronics Asia Pacific and others [2017]
SGHC 102 (“the Substantive Judgment”), and my supplemental judgment on
interest, PT Sandipala Arthaputra v STMicroElectronics Asia Pacific and others
[2017] SGHC 191.

4 Sandipala, Paulus and Catherine filed an appeal on 12 June 2017 against my
substantive decision. No application was filed to stay the execution of the
judgment in the Substantive Proceedings until 9 October 2017 (“the Stay
Application”). By this time, Oxel had already applied for and obtained orders
of court for the examination of Paulus and Catherine as judgment debtors.

5 The Stay Application was dismissed on 27 November 2017. Leave was granted to
Oxel to commence committal proceedings against Paulus and Catherine for
breaches of examination of judgment debtor orders (“the EJD Orders”). I heard
Summons No 5464 of 2017, which was for an order of committal, on 12 January
2018.

6 After hearing the parties and considering the submissions, I found Paulus
and Catherine to have committed wilful breaches of the EJD Orders and guilty
of contempt of court. In the circumstances, I imposed a custodial sentence of
seven days’ imprisonment each, commencing 15 January 2018, with costs. On
being informed that Paulus and Catherine intended to appeal the committal
decision, I ordered a stay of the order of committal until the hearing of the
appeal of the committal order (“the Committal Appeal”). Certain consequential
or supplementary orders were also made. These will be summarised later.

7 I now provide the grounds for my committal decision.

Background facts

8 The key background facts behind the substantive dispute are set out at
[10]–[48] of the Substantive Judgment. For present purposes, it is sufficient
to summarise the relationship between Sandipala, Paulus and Catherine.
Sandipala is an Indonesian company that was incorporated in 1987. On or about
19 January 2011, Paulus purchased majority shares in Sandipala. Most of the
purchased shares were placed under the name of his wife, Rawung. Paulus
injected considerable capital into Sandipala. As at 4 March 2011, Sandipala’s
management board consisted of Paulus (President Director), his daughter
Catherine (Director), Pauline Tannos (Director) and Rawung (President
Commissioner).

9 In or around June 2011, the Indonesian Government awarded a very substantial
contract for the production and supply personalised electronic identification
cards to a consortium of companies, of which Sandipala was a member. In brief,
within the consortium, Sandipala was to produce and personalise large
quantities of electronic identification cards in accordance with the tender
award. To this end, Sandipala entered into an agreement with Oxel for some 100
million electronic chips encoded with a particular operating system (“the Oxel
Contract”). These electronic chips were in turn sourced from and produced by
the STMicroelectronics Group of companies, of which ST-AP is a member. The
third defendant in the Substantive Proceedings, Vincent Pierre Luc Cousin
(“Cousin”), is an employee of ST-AP.

10 Oxel is a Singapore company in the business of supplying electronic chips
and had licensing rights to sell a software suite known as “PAC”. Disputes
arose when Sandipala “discovered” that the electronic chips ordered and
supplied could not be used for the personalised electronic identification card
project that had been awarded. It is sufficient to note that there was a
considerable dispute as to why the chips supplied could not be used and who
was responsible. It was in this context that Sandipala brought the Substantive
Proceedings against ST-AP and Oxel. The substantive claim was dismissed. Oxel
succeeded in the counterclaim against Sandipala under the Oxel contract. Oxel
also succeeded in the claim against Paulus and Catherine for conspiring
through unlawful means to cause Sandipala to breach the Oxel contract.

Timeline of key events after delivery of the Substantive Judgment

11 It is convenient to set out a timeline of the key events post-delivery of
the substantive judgment which culminated in Oxel’s application for an order
of committal against Paulus and Catherine. To be clear, the timeline set out
below does not include certain proceedings taken out by ST-AP and Cousin
against Sandipala concerning an anti-suit injunction. These will be briefly
touched on later.

Date| Event  
---|---  
12 May 2017| Substantive Judgment was delivered.  
24 May 2017| Oxel sent a letter of demand to the judgment debtors.  
2 June 2017| Oxel filed Summons No 2543 of 2017 (“SUM 2543”) for the
examination of Paulus and Catherine as judgment debtors and officers of
Sandipala (“EJD 1”).  
5 June 2017| EJD 1 was granted. Paulus and Catherine were ordered to attend
the examination of judgment debtor hearing (“EJD hearing”) on 19 June 2017.  
10 June 2017| Oxel’s counsel, Drew & Napier LLC (“D&N”), sent a letter to
Paulus and Catherine’s counsel, Gurbani & Co LLC (“G&C”), seeking confirmation
as whether GC had instructions to accept service of the order on 5 June 2017.
No response was received. D&N made unsuccessful attempts to serve the order on
Paulus and Catherine by personal service.  
12 June 2017| Sandipala, Paulus and Catherine filed their appeal against the
Substantive Judgment.  
19 June 2017| Oxel obtained adjournment of the 19 June 2017 examination
hearing to 10 July 2017 as they had not been able to effect service. Paulus,
Catherine and G&C did not attend the hearing on 19 June 2017.  
21 June 2017| Oxel obtained an order re-fixing the date of EJD hearing to 17
July 2017 on the account of its counsel’s schedule.  
21 June 2017 to 3 August 2017| Oxel made further unsuccessful attempts to
effect personal service on Paulus and Catherine. Oxel requested and obtained
an adjournment of the 17 July 2017 EJD hearing to 21 August 2017 to make
further attempts to effect service and apply for such orders on service as
appropriate.  
21 August 2017| Oxel was still unable to effect personal service. The EJD
hearing was adjourned again to enable Oxel to make further attempts to effect
service and to apply for an order of substituted service. The court ordered
Paulus and Catherine in their capacities as judgment debtors and as officers
of Sandipala to attend for an EJD hearing on 25 September 2017. This order was
endorsed with a penal notice.  
24 and 25 August 2017| Oxel made two more unsuccessful attempts to effect
personal service.  
30 August 2017| Oxel applied for leave to serve the 21 August 2017 order and
questionnaires (“the EJD Questionnaires”) by way of substituted service on
G&C.  
5 September 2017| The court granted Oxel’s application for substituted service
and observed that G&C was still acting for the judgment debtors and that
Paulus and Catherine were evading service by not instructing solicitors to
accept service or by evading personal service.  
8 September 2017| Oxel effected substituted service of the 21 August 2017
order on G&C and enclosed the EJD Questionnaires.  
25 September 2017| Paulus, Catherine and G&C did not attend the EJD hearing.
Shortly before the hearing, D&N (for Oxel) called G&C to enquire whether
Paulus and Catherine would be attending court. The reply was “I think my
clients are in China” and “I think they are not turning up”. Answers to the
EJD Questionnaires were not provided.The court ordered Paulus and Catherine to
attend on 11 October 2017 for examination and to produce the books and
documents on matters relating to the EJD hearing.  
6 October 2017| Oxel served the 25 September 2017 order by letter and
attachments to G&C, endorsed with the penal notice.  
9 October 2017| The judgment debtors filed the Stay Application against: (i)
execution of the judgment and (ii) enforcement of the 25 September 2017 order,
pending the substantive appeal.  
11 October 2017| Again, Paulus and Catherine failed to appear at the EJD
hearing and did not provide answers to the EJD Questionnaires. Shortly before
the hearing, D&N called G&C and enquired whether Paulus and Catherine were
attending. D&N was informed that Paulus and Catherine would not be attending
and that the Stay Application had been filed. The court was informed. D&N put
on record that this was the second breach by Paulus and Catherine of an Order
of Court.The court ordered Paulus and Catherine to attend for an EJD hearing
on 1 November 2017.  
24 October 2017| Oxel served the 11 October 2017 order by letter and
attachments to G&C, endorsed with the penal notice and enclosing the EJD
Questionnaires.  
31 October 2017| Oxel applied for leave to commence committal proceedings
(Summons No 4987 of 2017).  
1 November 2017| Paulus and Catherine were again absent at the EJD hearing.
G&C was however present and informed the court that his instructions were to
request adjournment until after the Stay Application was determined. G&C
informed the court that whilst Paulus intended to appear at the next EJD
hearing, Catherine did not intend to attend any EJD hearing and that she had
concerns about costs of travelling to Singapore.The EJD hearing was adjourned
to 1 December 2017 and Paulus and Catherine were to answer the EJD
Questionnaires by 27 November 2017.  
10 November 2017| Oxel filed its second application for leave to commence
committal proceedings (Summons No 5174 of 2017).  
27 November 2017| I dismissed the Stay Application, and granted leave for Oxel
to commence the committal proceedings.  
27 November 2017| Catherine files her fifth affidavit setting out reasons why
she was unable to attend the EJD hearings. This affidavit was affirmed by
Catherine in Hong Kong. Her address in this affidavit was given as a place in
Indonesia. This affidavit was filed in respect of SUM 2543.Paulus and
Catherine provided answers to the EJD Questionnaires.  
1 December 2017| Paulus and Catherine were absent at the EJD hearing. Counsel
from G&C informed the court that Paulus had informed him on 27 November 2017
that “he was travelling to the United States for an emergency family matter.”
1

##### Foot Note 1

× Affidavit of Jaspreet Singh Sachdev dated 22 December 2017, para 5. No
explanation was provided for Catherine’s absence.  
6 December 2017| Paulus filed his 48th affidavit in which he set out reasons
why he was unable to answer questions in the EJD Questionnaires and why he was
unable to attend on 1 December 2017 (namely, to attend a family gathering
overseas to commemorate the one-year anniversary of his mother’s passing).
This affidavit was affirmed/sworn in India and was made in respect of SUM
2543.  
29 December 2017| Paulus and Catherine attended the EJD hearing. They did not
produce any documents. After a period of questioning Paulus, the EJD hearing
was adjourned. Paulus and Catherine were ordered to produce certain documents
by way of an affidavit to be filed and served by 12 January 2018. Examination
of Paulus was to continue on 20 February 2018, followed by an examination of
Catherine. The latter date was requested by Paulus and Catherine. The court
rejected their request to continue by video link.  
9 January 2018| Paulus filed his 50th affidavit. This affidavit was filed in
respect of SUM 2543 in connection with the EJD Order and production of
documents, and a request that Paulus and Catherine be allowed to give evidence
in writing or by video link on 20 January 2018. This affidavit was sworn by
Paulus in Singapore but was not filed in respect of the committal proceedings.
Paulus’s address as set out in this affidavit was in Singapore.  
12 January 2018| I heard the present application for committal. Paulus and
Catherine attended the hearing.  
  
Separate committal proceedings in respect of Paulus’s and Catherine’s non-
compliance with an anti-suit injunction

12 It will be noted that a different set of committal proceedings had been
brought by ST-AP and Cousin in respect of Paulus and Catherine’s alleged
breaches of an anti-suit injunction. I will briefly set out the related
procedural history here.

13 On 4 August 2015, an ex parte anti-suit injunction was granted in respect
of certain proceedings commenced in Indonesia by Sandipala against ST-NV (the
parent company of ST-AP), Cousin and another Indonesian company (Perushaan
Umum Percetakan Negara Republik Indonesia) that was a member of the consortium
which won the Indonesian tender. A final anti-suit injunction was granted on 4
September 2015. The decision was upheld on appeal on 3 February 2016. By then,
leave had been granted on 4 December 2015 for ST-AP and Cousin to commence
committal proceedings against Paulus and Catherine for alleged breaches of the
anti-suit injunction.

14 Given that the Substantive Proceedings were due to commence on 14 March
2016, the committal proceedings were adjourned to after the Substantive
Proceedings. On 22 May 2017 (after delivery of the Substantive Judgment), the
EJD hearing for the costs of the anti-suit injunction was adjourned as Paulus
and Catherine were outside Singapore. On 12 June 2017, Paulus attended the EJD
hearing for costs arising from the anti-suit injunction application. The
Assistant Registrar (“AR”) directed Paulus to translate certain documents and
adjourned the matter to 24 July 2017.

15 On 24 July 2017, Paulus was absent from the EJD hearing. Paulus’s counsel
informed the AR that Paulus was in the United States on account of his
daughter’s mental breakdown. The EJD hearing was adjourned to 25 August 2017.

16 Paulus failed to attend the EJD hearing of 25 August 2017. Paulus’s counsel
informed the AR that Paulus was away in China for an urgent meeting. Counsel
for ST-AP informed the AR that Paulus had not furnished any answers to the EJD
questionnaire. The AR granted a suspension of the EJD order in anticipation of
the committal proceedings.

17 Subsequently on 6 September 2017, a settlement regarding the committal
proceedings was reached between Sandipala and ST-AP and Cousin. The committal
proceedings for the alleged breaches of the anti-suit injunction were vacated.

18 Whilst Oxel did not in the present proceedings refer to the matter of the
anti-suit injunction and the EJD proceedings brought by ST-AP and Cousin, its
statement dated 31 October 2017 pursuant to O 52 r 2(2) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) made reference to the position taken by Paulus and
Catherine in those EJD proceedings. Oxel’s statement noted (at para 50) that
Paulus and Catherine had asserted by affidavit in those EJD proceedings that
they had been declared bankrupt in Indonesia and were disqualified from acting
as directors for Sandipala. That said, I note that in the present EJD
proceedings brought by Oxel, neither Paulus nor Catherine filed any affidavit
or response until late in the day. Catherine filed an affidavit on 27 November
2017, followed by Paulus on 6 December 2017 after leave had been granted to
Oxel to commence the present committal proceedings. Similar points were made
in these affidavits on the Indonesian bankruptcy. Nothing was said, however,
of Catherine’s purported medical or mental health issues that were raised by
counsel at the 24 July 2017 EJD hearing in the proceedings by ST-AP and
Cousin.

Paulus’s and Catherine’s bankruptcies

19 Paulus and Catherine took the position that the key reason why they were
unable to respond to the EJD Questionnaires and attend the EJD hearings to
answer questions on Sandipala’s assets and their personal assets and income is
that they were made bankrupt in Indonesia on 22 February 2017. This was after
the trial in the Substantive Proceedings but before the Substantive Judgment
was delivered on 12 May 2017. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

5th Affidavit of Catherine dated 27 November 2017; 48th Affidavit of Paulus
dated 6 December 2017; 5th Affidavit of Paulus Sinatra Wijya dated 27 November
2017.

The bankruptcy proceedings are said to arise out of, inter alia, personal
guarantees they had provided for loans taken out in Indonesia by PT
Megalestari Unggul from Bank Artha Graha. Paulus and Catherine’s position is
that the bankruptcy order was wrongly made and that the bankruptcy proceedings
were brought as part of a conspiracy between Oxel and others to harass Paulus
and his family. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

5th Affidavit of Paulus Sinatra Wijya dated 27 November 2017, para 11.

It appears that an application for judicial review has been made to the
Supreme Court of Indonesia.

20 Paulus and Catherine asserted, in brief, that as a result of the bankruptcy
order, they were (i) disqualified from acting or speaking for Sandipala; (ii)
unable to gain access to or provide copies of relevant documents of Sandipala
and (iii) unable to attend the EJD hearings in Singapore to answer questions
on their assets and income or respond to the EJD questionnaires as this would
(or may) have amounted to an interference with the Indonesian Curator’s
control and administration of their assets.

21 Paulus and Catherine went on to assert that Oxel, being aware of the
bankruptcy proceedings and that Paulus and Catherine were unable under
Indonesian law to comply with the EJD Orders, commenced the EJD proceedings
for the purpose of harassing them. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

5th Affidavit of Paulus Sinatra Wijya dated 27 November 2017, para 19; Paulus
and Catherine’s submissions, para 5.

Indeed, at the hearing before me on 12 January 2018, the submission was made
that Oxel was well-advised to put in a claim in Indonesia as a judgment
creditor to the relevant Indonesian authorities. The assertion was also made
from the bar that the Curator in Indonesia had already started disposing of
Paulus’s and/or Catherine’s assets. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Notes of evidence, 12 January 2018 (“NE”), p 88, lines 13–19.

22 Oxel denied the assertion that the bankruptcy proceedings are part of some
conspiracy to harass Paulus and his family. Oxel denied any involvement in the
bankruptcy proceedings and made the point that prior to the affidavits of
Catherine and Paulus Wijya on 27 November 2017 no such suggestion had been
raised before in the EJD proceedings in Singapore. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

See 35th Affidavit of Ika Kusuma dated 22 November 2017.

Oxel asserted that the EJD proceedings were brought simply because its demand
for payment of the judgment debt had been ignored by Paulus, Catherine and
Sandipala. Oxel also made the point that the fact of bankruptcy in Indonesia
(which they did not in any case accept) did not prevent Paulus and Catherine
from attending the EJD hearings in Singapore and responding to the EJD
Questionnaires. This is a point which I shall return to later in these Grounds
of Decision.

The EJD hearing on 29 December 2017 and the EJD Questionnaires

23 It will be recalled that on 27 November 2017, Paulus and Catherine
responded to the EJD Questionnaires which they hitherto had refused to make
any response. The EJD Questionnaires required the production of documents
including bank statements (local and overseas) for the past five years,
payslips for the past five years, income tax returns for the past five years,
statements from the Central Depository, securities brokers and fund managers
in respect of shares, bonds and unit trusts (local and overseas) for the past
five years, and so on. The EJD Questionnaires included a notice that a failure
to attend the hearing without consent may result in committal proceedings and
that the penalty may be a fine or imprisonment.

24 The specific questions asked in the EJD Questionnaires included those
relating to monthly income, immovable property whether in Singapore or
elsewhere, motor vehicles owned in Singapore or elsewhere, particulars of bank
accounts or safe deposit boxes in Singapore or elsewhere, as well as
particulars of other assets whether in Singapore or elsewhere, including
insurance policies, shares, antiques, jewellery, funds, etc. The answers
provided by Paulus and Catherine were essentially “none” or “not applicable.”
7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Oxel’s written submissions dated 10 January 2018, Annex B.

For example, in the case of immovable property the response was “assets in
Indonesia confiscated by Curator [who] has taken all my assets including bank
account” and “no asset in Singapore or overseas”. As for shares, Paulus stated
“share in [Sandipala] curator in process of confiscating assets…” In the case
of Sandipala and whether the company was making trading profits or losses, the
answer by Paulus was “don’t know most likely losses”. Other questions
concerning immovable property of Sandipala, bank accounts, etc. were simply
answered “don’t know”. Catherine’s answers to the EJD Questionnaires were
essentially the same. Questions as to whether Paulus, Catherine and/or
Sandipala had transferred assets since 8 February 2013 were not answered at
all. Following a query, Paulus and Catherine responded on 1 December 2016
saying that no assets had been transferred and that no debts were due to them.

25 In short, Paulus and Catherine’s position is that they have no assets or
bank accounts in Singapore. Whatever assets they had in Indonesia (including
bank accounts) has been seized by the Curator. In so far as Sandipala was
concerned, their position was that they did not know what the position was,
although Paulus thought that Sandipala was making trading losses. No details
were provided even though the questions concerned assets over the past five
years. The home address provided by Paulus in his answers to the EJD
Questionnaires was an address in Singapore. The home address provided by
Catherine in her answers was an address in Jakarta.

26 At the EJD hearing on 29 December 2017 which Paulus and Catherine attended,
no documents were produced. It is undisputed that questions to Paulus about
his assets and income were answered in a similar vein as those provided in
respect of the EJD Questionnaires. The position taken by Paulus was that he
had no assets to his name and no ability to pay for anything including simple
day-to-day amenities and food. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Oxel’s written submissions, para 128.

In its submissions, Oxel asserted that during the EJD hearing, Paulus stated
that the questions asked amounted to “harassment” and made complaints about
the costs of attending the EJD hearing in Singapore. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Oxel’s written submissions, para 129.

The matter was adjourned to 20 February 2018. Paulus was ordered to provide
the following documents by way of an affidavit to be filed by 12 January 2018:

(a) a full list of all companies in which Paulus had shares, which according
to Paulus had been seized by the Curator in Indonesia;

(b) a letter from Paulus’s Indonesian bank, Bank Mandiri, informing Paulus
that the Curator had changed the signature of and withdrawn all monies from
his bank account;

(c) the address of the office at which Paulus had a safe containing his
personal belongings, which according to Paulus had been seized by the Curator;

(d) a list of all cars owned by Sandipala and PT Pakuan; and

(e) the letter(s) that Paulus claimed to have written to Bank Mandiri to
request copies of his bank statements and Bank Mandiri’s response(s) if any.
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Oxel’s written submissions, para 132.

27 On 9 January 2018, Paulus provided the following documents by affidavit:

(a) a letter from Bank Mandiri dated 21 February 2017 notifying him that his
account had been blocked;

(b) a letter from Bank Mandiri dated 10 May 2017 addressed to Rawung notifying
her that an application had been made by the Curator to transfer the funds
from Paulus’s, Catherine’s, Pauline Tannos’s and Rawung’s accounts; and

(c) a letter to Bank Mandiri dated 12 September 2017 requesting copies of his
bank statements for the last five years beginning September 2012.

28 As for the other documents ordered to be produced, Paulus stated that he
was unable to produce these for the following reasons:

(a) The full list of companies seized by the Curator in Indonesia. He was
unable to produce this as the “Curator has not informed [him] or written to
[him] about the assets or companies that has been seized” and “[f]urther, the
assets do not belong to me or [Catherine] as they belong to the companies.”

(b) The address of the office with the safe deposit box which the Curator
seized. As Paulus stated: “I understand that the assets of PT Pakuan belong to
the company and do not form part of my personal assets. Therefore, I believe
that they are not relevant to this EJD hearing. For the same reason, I believe
that the cars owned by PT Pakuan are not relevant to the current proceedings.”
In addition, he stated that he did not currently own any cars.

(c) The reply from Bank Mindiri for copies of bank statements. This was not
produced as no reply had been received yet.

29 I note that in his affidavit of 9 January 2018, Paulus stated that his
brothers residing in the United States were paying for all of his and
Catherine’s expenses. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

50th Affidavit of Paulus dated 9 January 2018, para 13.

He went on to state that he and Catherine were assisting his brothers in their
businesses and that they were staying in the United States with his brothers.
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

50th Affidavit of Paulus dated 9 January 2018, para 14.

Paulus raised the costs and expenses of travelling to and from Singapore to
attend the EJD hearings. He stated that his brothers were “not agreeable to
fund [his and Catherine’s] expenses for flying to Singapore repeatedly on an
indefinite basis.” In this regard, Paulus complained that the “adjournment of
the EJD hearing could have been avoided if Oxel’s solicitors properly utilised
the time given in the EJD hearing to complete their questioning”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

50th Affidavit of Paulus dated 9 January 2018, paras 15–17.

He went on to complain at that “Oxel’s solicitors did not even ask a single
question to [Catherine] in the whole EJD hearing” and that “[a]lthough
[Catherine] was present and the Honourable Court was available for the EJD
hearing for the whole morning session, Oxel’s solicitors refused to ask any
questions to [Catherine].” 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

50th Affidavit of Paulus dated 9 January 2018, para 16.

Whilst it appears that the AR had already refused a request for the evidence
at the next EJD hearing to be given by video link, Paulus nonetheless repeated
the request in his affidavit of 9 January 2018. I note also that Paulus and
Catherine complained that Oxel had never offered to meet their travel expenses
for the EJD hearings.

30 Oxel’s counsel clarified in their oral submissions that the EJD hearing had
been adjourned because Paulus and Catherine had not brought any documents and
that questioning of Paulus was to resume on 20 February 2018 (a date chosen by
him). It was made clear that Catherine would be questioned after Paulus.
Whilst the notes of evidence for the EJD hearing on 29 December 2017 were not
yet available, I note that counsel for Paulus and Catherine accepted the
sequence of events as recounted by counsel for Oxel. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NE, p 70, lines 6–13.

Committal hearing

31 On 12 January 2018, the committal hearing took place. Paulus and Catherine
attended the hearing together with their counsel. After hearing Oxel’s
submissions, G&C informed the court that Paulus and Catherine wished to make a
statement in response to certain points raised by Oxel’s counsel. These points
concerned Oxel’s position that Paulus’s companies including Sandipala had
successfully bid and won tenders in Indonesia in 2012. It appeared that
Paulus’s point was that this did not mean Sandipala was profitable or that he
had assets and income that were not being disclosed. Their request to make a
statement was rejected, after which their counsel proceeded to present his
submissions and arguments on committal. At the conclusion of counsel’s
submissions, the court provided an opportunity for counsel to confer with
Paulus and Catherine as to whether there was anything else they wanted counsel
to raise before the court. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NE, p 87, lines 5–23.

The parties’ positions

Paulus and Catherine

32 Paulus and Catherine’s main explanation was that their failures to comply
with the EJD Orders (attending hearings and providing answers to the EJD
Questionnaires) were due to their inability to do so rather than because of
unwillingness. This point relates to their assertion that following their
bankruptcy in Indonesia, Paulus and Catherine were disqualified from acting
for or speaking on behalf of Sandipala and that they were unable to access the
documents of Sandipala. Further, it is asserted that their understanding was
that under Indonesian law, it was unlawful for them to provide any answers to
the EJD Questionnaire or any information relating to their incomes and assets.
If they did attend and answer the questions, Paulus and Catherine believed
that breaches of Indonesian law would have been committed since they were not
permitted to say anything which would frustrate the Indonesian Curator’s
efforts to control and administer their assets, or which would enable parties
other than the Curator to reach their assets. They also asserted that Oxel had
commenced the EJD proceedings knowing of the impediment on them, and therefore
the EJD proceedings were abusive and taken out for the purposes of harassment.
In support, Paulus and Catherine rely on the advice of their Indonesian
lawyer, as well as an opinion from a law professor. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

48th Affidavit of Paulus dated 6 December 2017, para 27 and p 159 (exhibiting
the opinion of Professor Hamzah dated 8 August 2017); 5th affidavit of Paulus
Sinatra Wijya dated 27 November 2017.

33 In addition, they submitted that if contempt was found, a fine or a
suspended committal order was appropriate. By “suspended committal order”,
they meant that they should not be required to answer the EJD Questionnaires
until their bankruptcy status in Indonesia was resolved 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Paulus and Catherine’s written submissions, para 13.

Their written submissions stated that they were deeply remorseful of any
inconvenience caused as a result of their inability to provide the answers”
and that “there [was] no prejudice caused to Oxel from their inability to
provide the answers to the [EJD Questionnaires]” and that the answers “could
still be provided subsequently”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Paulus and Catherine’s written submissions, para 10 and 11.

34 Other points raised in the written submissions include: the fact that
Paulus and Catherine were overseas when informed of the EJD hearings on 25
September 2017, 11 September 2017 and 1 November 2017; the costs and expenses
of travelling to and from Singapore; the point that business meetings had
already been arranged and the worry of potential loss of business arising from
their failure to attend planned business meetings; and the fact that the Stay
Application had been filed on 9 November 2017. Similar points were found in
Paulus’s 50th affidavit dated 9 January 2018 and Catherine’s 5th affidavit
dated 27 November 2017.

35 Finally, I note that Catherine also asserted in her 5th affidavit (sworn in
Hong Kong and providing an address in Indonesia) that she was not a resident
of Singapore and travelled frequently, and that she faced difficulties at the
immigration checkpoint on account of her frequent trips to Singapore.
Catherine also referred to her fear for her personal safety, that persons
controlling Oxel were powerful and that that her life and safety would be in
danger if her whereabouts were known. A similar assertion was made by Paulus
in his 50th affidavit (sworn/affirmed in India and providing an address in
Singapore).

Oxel

36 Oxel sought an order of committal against Paulus and Catherine for
flagrantly disobeying the EJD Orders for them to attend court and be examined
on their assets (and to produce any relevant documents). To this end, Oxel
complained that Paulus and Catherine had repeatedly failed to turn up in court
for the EJD hearings:

(a) on 25 September 2017, pursuant to an Order of Court dated 21 August 2017
(“the first breach”);

(b) on 11 October 2017, pursuant to an Order of Court dated 25 September 2017
(“the second breach”); and

(c) on 1 November 2017, pursuant to an Order of Court dated 11 October 2017
(“the third breach”).

37 Oxel also pointed to the fact that Paulus and Catherine had not even
provided answers to the EJD Questionnaires that they were required to answer.
Oxel further alleged that Paulus and Catherine had instructed their lawyers to
ignore Oxel’s demands to satisfy the judgment, and to refuse service of the
EJD Orders. This resulted in considerable delay and the need to apply for
substituted service at a time when it was clear that G&C were acting for
Sandipala, Paulus and Catherine.

38 Oxel denied having any responsibility or connection with the Indonesian
bankruptcy proceedings and denied that the EJD Orders were commenced simply to
harass Paulus and Catherine. Oxel denied any suggestion that there were
powerful and well-connected people behind Oxel and that this was why Paulus
and Catherine feared for their lives and safety. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

35th Affidavit of Ika Kusuma dated 22 December 2017.

39 Oxel rejected the submission that Paulus’s and Catherines’s absences and
breaches were because of their inability to comply on account of their
bankruptcies in Indonesia. To this end, they referred to the opinion of their
Indonesian lawyer. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Affidavit of Soenardi Pardi dated 22 December 2017.

Indeed, I note that at the 29 December 2017 hearing, the AR had rejected
Paulus’s attempt to rely on his Indonesian lawyer’s affidavit so as to refuse
to answer questions. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Oxel’s written submissions, para 130.

40 Oxel also pointed out that Paulus and Catherine had moved to Singapore in
2012. In Paulus’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) for the Substantive
Proceedings, Paulus asserted that he had been forced to leave Indonesia in
early 2012 on account of fears for his and his family’s safety. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Paulus’s AEIC, para 204.

Paulus’s AEIC stated that he and his family had relocated to Singapore in
early 2012. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Paulus’s AEIC, para 216.

He also averred that he and his family had remained in Singapore “up to the
present.” 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Paulus’s AEIC, para 211.

Paulus’s AEIC was filed on 5 February 2016. The address set out in Paulus’s
AEIC was the same Singapore address that appeared in his 48th affidavit dated
6 December 2017 and his 50th affidavit dated 9 January 2018. I pause to note
that nothing at all was said about this property in Singapore (whether it was
rented or owned or simply borrowed) in Paulus’s and Catherine’s answers to the
EJD questionnaires. That said, I note that whilst Catherine provided the same
Singapore address in her AEIC for the Substantive Proceedings, in her 5th
affidavit sworn/affirmed in Hong Kong on 27 November 2017 she gave her address
as a place in Indonesia. In making these observations, I note Paulus’s and
Catherine’s purported fear in respect of disclosing their true present
whereabouts.

The law on contempt of court

41 The law on contempt of court is now found in the Administration of Justice
(Protection) Act 2016 (No 19 of 2016) (“the AJPA”). Section 4(1) of the AJPA
provides that any person who “intentionally disobeys or breaches any judgment,
decree, direction, order, writ or other process of a court” commits a contempt
of court. Section 35(1) of the AJPA clarifies that the AJPA does not apply to
any act of contempt committed before the appointed day, namely 1 October 2017
(see the AJPA (Commencement) Notification 2017 (No S 541/2017)).

42 It follows from this that the AJPA only applies to the second and third
breaches of the EJD Orders on 11 October 2017 and 1 November 2017. The first
breach, which was on 25 September 2017, remains governed by the former common
law of contempt and s 7(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
2007 Rev Ed), which provides that the High Court has power to punish for
contempt of court. Further, under s 7(3), wilful disobedience by a corporation
to any order punishable by attachment may be punished by attachment of the
directors or other officers of the corporation who are responsible for, or are
knowingly a party to, such wilful disobedience.

43 The Explanatory Note to the Administration of Justice Bill 2016 (No
23/2016) states that “this Bill seeks to state and consolidate the law of
contempt of court and to define the powers of the Supreme Court, the State
Courts, the Family Courts and the Youth Courts in punishing contempt of court
and to regulate the procedure in relation to proceedings for contempt of
court.” The explanatory note goes on to state that “[t]he provisions of the
Bill will prevail over the common law to the extent of inconsistency. However,
the common law rules will be preserved where they are not inconsistent with
the provisions of the Bill (see clause 8). As stated by the Court of Appeal in
Pertamina Energy Trading v Karaha Bodas Co Ltd and others [2007] 2 SLR(R) 518
(“Pertamina Energy”) at [22], the rationale for the law of contempt is rooted
firmly in the public interest, in that it aims to protect the administration
of justice as well as public confidence in it, which is crucial for the rule
of law and the maintenance of law and order in any civilised society.

44 The basic principles at common law and under the AJPA are similar. the
standard of proof for finding contempt of court, whether at common law or
under the AJPA, is the criminal standard of proof beyond a reasonable doubt
(see Pertamina Energy at [31] and s 28 of the AJPA). Section 8(2) repeals all
common law defences to contempt of court that are not set out in the AJPA.
That said, under s 21, a defence applies where the alleged contemnor satisfies
the court that the failure or refusal to comply with an Order of Court was
wholly or substantially attributable to an honest and reasonable failure by
that person at the relevant time to understand an obligation imposed on the
person bound by the order, and that that person ought fairly to be excused.
The burden in establishing a defence is on the contemnor on a balance of
probabilities (s 29).

45 At common law, an action for civil contempt is directed at a party who is
bound by an Order of Court but is said to have breached the terms of that
Order. It is directed at securing compliance with the said Order, to
specifically and generally deter contemptuous behaviour and to protect and
preserve the authority of the Singapore courts: STX Corp v Jason Surjana
Tanuwidjaja and others [2014] 2 SLR 1261 (“STX Corp”) at [7]; Global
Distressed Alpha Fund I Ltd Partnership v PT Bakrie Investindo [2013] SGHC 105
(“Global Distressed Alpha Fund”)) at [59].

46 A person can be held liable for contempt if he refuses and/or neglects to
comply with an Order of Court which has been directed against him: O 45 r 5(1)
of the Rules of Court. The court will, in determining whether the alleged
contemnor’s conduct amounts to contempt of court, adopt a two-step approach
(Monex Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd v E-Clearing (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2012] 4 SLR
1169 (“Monex Group”) at [31]):

(a) First, the Court will decide what exactly the Order of Court required the
alleged contemnor to do. In determining what the Order of Court required, the
Court will interpret the plain meaning of the language used. It will resolve
any ambiguity in favour of the person who had to comply with the Order.

(b) Second, the Court will determine whether the requirements of the Order of
Court have been fulfilled: Monex Group at [31]; STX Corp at [12] and [13]). To
establish that there has been a contempt of court, the complainant will need
to show that in committing the act complained of or omitting to comply with an
Order of Court, the alleged contemnor had the necessary mens rea.

47 The threshold to establish the necessary mens rea for a finding of contempt
of court is a low one: STX Corp at [8]; Tan Beow Hiong v Tan Boon Aik [2010] 4
SLR 870 (“Tan Beow Hiong”) at [47]. It is only necessary for the complainant
to show that the relevant conduct of the party alleged to be in breach of the
Order was intentional and that it knew of all the facts which made such
conduct a breach of the Order. This includes knowledge of the existence of the
order and its material terms: Mok Kah Hong v Zheng Zhuan Yao [2016] 3 SLR 1
(“Mok Kah Hong”) at [86]; Monex Group at [30]; Pertamina Energy at [51]; Tan
Beow Hiong at [47].

48 To this end, it is not necessary for the complainant to show that the
alleged contemnor appreciated that he was breaching the Order. The motive or
intention of the alleged contemnor and his reasons for disobedience are
irrelevant to the issue of liability, and are relevant only to the question of
mitigation. The liability is strict in the sense that all that is required to
be proved is service of the Order and the subsequent omission by the party to
comply with the Order: STX Corp at [8] and [9]; Mok Kah Hong at [86];
Pertamina at [51], [53] to [62]; Tan Beow Hiong at [47].

49 It is settled law that disobedience of an EJD order by failing to attend an
EJD hearing amounts to a contempt of court.

(a) For example, in Tahir v Tay Kar Oon [2016] 3 SLR 296 (“Tay Kar Oon (HC)”),
the defendant breached an EJD order by failing to attend court. Although she
was legally represented, her lawyers were also absent from court on the date
of the hearing. At that hearing, the court directed the defendant to comply
with the EJD order. The defendant failed to attend the adjourned hearing. The
defendant did not provide any reason for her breaches except to say that she
had overlooked the court’s orders or was not in the mood to read anything. The
High Court found the defendant guilty of contempt. She had been clearly aware
of the orders and directions but had intentionally breached them by not
turning up in court. The High Court also held that the defendant was aware of
the existence of the orders through her lawyers but had intentionally and
wilfully turned a blind eye in the hope of evading the inevitable: at [58]. On
appeal, the Court of Appeal upheld these findings although the decision on the
appropriate sentence was reversed: Tay Kar Oon v Tahir [2017] 2 SLR 342 (“Tay
Kar Oon (CA)”). This will be discussed below.

(b) In Global Distressed Alpha Fund, the defendant disobeyed an EJD order by
failing to attend eight EJD hearings. At those hearings, the defendant’s
solicitors gave various reasons for why the defendant could not attend,
including that the defendant was on a family vacation and that he was
“occupied with various engagements in respect of his work and family”. The
High Court held that the defendant’s course of conduct clearly showed that he
was in deliberate and flagrant breach of the EJD order. The High Court held
that the defendant’s excuse that he was occupied by various engagements was
wholly unacceptable because he was bound by an Order of Court to attend the
EJD hearing and that the court’s Order was not an invitation that the
defendant was entitled to turn down on account of his purportedly busy
schedule: at [41]. The High Court held that the EJD order was a mandatory
Order of Court: at [58]. The High Court found the defendant guilty of contempt
of court. It found that the defendant’s continued absence from all the EJD
hearings without any valid reason displayed a conscious and deliberate
decision on his part not to comply with the EJD order: at [53].

Whether Paulus and Catherine had committed contempt of court

50 In the present case it is clear that Paulus and Catherine had disobeyed the
three EJD Orders as follows:

(a) the EJD Order made on 21 August 2017 requiring their attendance at the EJD
hearing on 25 September 2017;

(b) the EJD Order made on 25 September 2017 requiring their attendance at the
EJD hearing on 11 October 2017; and

(c) the EJD Order made on 11 October 2017 requiring their attendance at the
EJD hearing on 1 November 2017.

51 The terms of the Orders were clear and unambiguous. Aside from attending
the EJD hearings, Paulus and Catherine were required to produce relevant books
and documents in their possession. All three EJD Orders were endorsed with
penal notices. It is clear that Paulus and Catherine had knowledge of the
Orders and had decided not to appear for examination. Paulus and Catherine had
also failed to answer the EJD Questionnaires or to provide any documents or
books relevant to their assets at the time of the breaches. Whilst the
circumstances of the breaches have been touched upon earlier, I emphasise the
key points here.

The first breach

52 By SUM 2543, Oxel obtained an EJD Order on 5 June 2017 against Paulus and
Catherine as judgment debtors and officers of Sandipala. Paulus and Catherine
were required to attend the EJD hearing on 19 June 2017.

53 Difficulties were encountered with service of the EJD Order. Oxel’s
counsel, D&N, received no response from a query it had made to Paulus and
Catherine’s counsel, G&C, as to whether they had instructions to accept
service. This was despite the fact that Sandipala, Paulus and Catherine had
filed an appeal on 12 June 2017 through G&C. Numerous unsuccessful attempts
were made to effect personal service of the EJD Order. On 5 September 2017,
Oxel obtained an order for substituted service on G&C with the AR observing
that it was clear that G&C was still acting for the judgment debtors who were
evading service by not instructing their solicitors to accept service or by
evading personal service. Substituted service was effected on 8 September
2017.

54 Paulus and Catherine failed to attend the hearing on 25 September 2017.
Counsel for Paulus and Catherine also did not attend. Indeed, shortly before
the start of the hearing, D&N contacted G&C to enquire whether Paulus and
Catherine would be attending court. It appears that the reply was “I think my
clients are in China” and “I think they are not turning up”. Answers to the
EJD Questionnaires were not provided. No communication or explanation was
provided by Paulus or Catherine.

55 I note that at the time of the first breach on 25 September 2017, nothing
had been mentioned in these EJD proceedings Paulus’s and Catherine’s
bankruptcies in Indonesia or their fears of safety. Although an appeal had
been filed several months earlier, no application had even been made for a
stay of execution of the judgment. It is clear that Paulus and Catherine had
decided not to comply with the EJD Order. The breach was intentional. The
court was not given any explanation from Paulus, Catherine or even G&C. The
explanation (unsatisfactory and vague as it was) was provided through D&N
after their telephone query to G&C.

The second breach

56 This occurred when Paulus and Catherine failed to appear on 11 October 2017
for the EJD hearing. As before, answers to the EJD Questionnaires were also
not provided. As in the case of the first breach, shortly before the hearing,
D&N called G&C and enquired whether Paulus and Catherine would be attending.
D&N was informed that Paulus and Catherine would not be attending and that the
Stay Application had been filed on 9 October 2017. No communication or
explanation was made by Paulus or Catherine whether by email, affidavit or
otherwise. The only explanation came from G&C and only as a result of an
enquiry by D&N to G&C (who also did not attend the hearing).

57 It is clear that the fact that the Stay Application had been made does not
excuse Paulus’s and Catherine’s attendance at the EJD hearing on 11 October
2017. I leave aside the question whether an application for a stay against a
judgment pending appeal includes or may extend to an existing EJD order. The
point is there is nothing before me to suggest that G&C had in fact advised
Paulus and Catherine that their attendance was unnecessary. Indeed, I note
counsel for Paulus and Catherine, who had only just applied for the stay, did
not attend court to offer any explanation. In these circumstances, it is clear
that the breach was deliberate and intentional.

The third breach

58 At the EJD hearing of 11 October 2017, the court ordered Paulus and
Catherine to attend for examination on 1 November 2017. This EJD Order was
served by letter and attachments to G&C endorsed with penal notice and
enclosing questionnaires on 24 October 2011. On 31 October 2017, Oxel applied
for leave to commence committal proceedings. At the EJD hearing on 1 November
2017, Paulus and Catherine were once again absent. This time, their counsel
was present and informed the court that his instructions were to request an
adjournment until after the stay application was determined. Reference was
made to Paulus’s and Catherine’s bankruptcies in Indonesia. The court was also
informed by G&C that whilst Paulus intended to appear at the next EJD hearing
date, counsel did not think that Catherine intended to attend any EJD hearing
and that she had concerns about the costs of travelling to Singapore. The EJD
was adjourned to 1 December 2017 and Paulus and Catherine were ordered to
answer the questionnaires by 27 November 2017.

Events after the third breach

59 On 27 November 2017, the High Court dismissed the stay application. Oxel
was granted leave to commence committal proceedings. On the same day,
Catherine filed her 5th affidavit setting out reasons, for the first time, why
she had been unable to attend the previous EJD hearings.

60 On 1 December 2017, Paulus and Catherine failed to appear at the EJD
hearing again. Their counsel who did attend informed the court that Paulus had
informed him on 27 November 2017 that “he was travelling to the United States
for an emergency family matter”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

See Affidavit of Jaspreet Singh Sachdev dated 22 December 2017, para 5.

No explanation was provided for Catherine’s absence.

61 On 6 December 2017, Paulus set out reasons by affidavit why he was unable
to answer the EJD Questionnaire. Paulus also explained that his failure to
attend on 1 December 2017 was because of a family gathering overseas to
commemorate the one-year anniversary of his mother’s passing.

62 On 29 December 2017, Paulus and Catherine attended the EJD hearing. This
was the first time either had appeared before the court for an EJD hearing. No
documents were produced, and Paulus and Catherine were ordered by the AR to
produce certain documents by way of an affidavit that was to be filed and
served by 12 January 2018. Whilst the transcript of the proceedings on 29
December 2017 was not available at the time of the committal hearing before
me, it appeared that Paulus’s position was he had no assets whatsoever to his
name and that the EJD proceedings had been brought simply for the purpose of
harassment. An attempt by Paulus to rely on the affidavit of his Indonesian
lawyer (on the impediment arising from the Indonesian bankruptcy) was rejected
by the AR conducting the EJD hearing. Oxel submitted that whilst Paulus had
appeared on 29 December 2017, he was “absolutely unrepentant” and that the
attendance was a “calculated manoeuvre” for use in the committal proceedings.
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Oxel’s written submissions, paras 129 and 131.

My findings on contempt of court

63 It was clear that the three breaches were committed by Paulus and Catherine
with full knowledge of the terms of the EJD Orders and what they were required
to do. The EJD Orders were clear and unambiguous. Even if Paulus and Catherine
had not given instructions to accept service, there was no doubt that they
were aware of the EJD Orders and that G&C was still acting for them in respect
of the appeal against the Substantive Judgment and thereafter in the Stay
Application.

64 Whilst Paulus and Catherine asserted that they believed they were unable to
answer the EJD Questionnaires and to attend and answer questions on their
assets and income (as well as those of Sandipala) because of their
bankruptcies in Indonesia, I found that this provided no defence. The EJD
proceedings were simply to obtain information on the assets and income and
could not amount to an interference with the Indonesian bankruptcies. Indeed,
if Paulus and Catherine’s position was that they were not permitted under
Indonesian law to comply with the EJD Orders, they could have at the very
least attended at the first EJD hearing to explain their position and
concerns. This was not done – not even through their counsel. To be clear,
whilst Paulus and Catherine may have put in affidavits in the separate EJD
proceedings brought by ST-AP that referred to their bankruptcies, they did not
do so in the EJD proceedings brought by Oxel until late in the day.

65 As Judith Prakash J (as she then was) observed in STX Corp at [9], as long
as there has been a deliberate breach of an Order of Court, the reasons for
disobedience are irrelevant to establishing liability. That said, such reasons
may be relevant in determining the appropriate sanction. I therefore found
Paulus and Catherine guilty of contempt of court, and turned towards the issue
of sentencing.

Sentencing

Applicable law

66 Section 12 of the AJPA provides a maximum punishment of a $100,000 fine
and/or imprisonment for a term not exceeding three years where the High Court
exercises its power to punish for contempt.

67 Under the AJPA, the common law rules on contempt of court continue to apply
to the extent that they are consistent with the AJPA: ss 8(1) and (3). The
sentencing principles which are set out and discussed below therefore apply to
all three breaches.

68 On the question of what the appropriate sanction is, it is clear the
sanction must depend on the facts of each case and the nature of the contempt.
Possible sanctions include a fine and/or a term of imprisonment. In some
cases, a more nuanced sanction may be appropriate such as a suspended
committal order requiring the contemnor to take certain steps such as to
provide documents by a given date and to take other steps to purge the
contempt. There is little doubt, however, that committal to prison is usually
a measure of last resort: Singapore Court Practice 2018 vol 1 (Jeffrey Pinsler
gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2017) at para 52/1/4; Sembcorp Marine Ltd v Aurol Anthony
Sabastian [2013] 1 SLR 245 (“Sembcorp Marine”) at [47].

69 The Court of Appeal has, in a series of cases, set out the factors or
guiding points relevant to sentencing. These include the recent decisions in
Tay Kar Oon (CA) at [55]–[56] and Mok Kah Hong at [102]–[104]. It is clear
from these decisions that the relevant factors include (but are not limited
to) the following:

(a) whether the applicant has been prejudiced;

(b) whether the contempt is capable of being remedied;

(c) the extent to which the contemnor acted under pressure;

(d) whether the breach was deliberate or unintentional;

(e) the degree of culpability;

(f) whether the contemnor was placed in breach of the order by reason of the
conduct of others; and

(g) whether the contemnor appreciated the seriousness of the deliberate
breach; and

(h) whether the contemnor co-operated.

70 The Court of Appeal in Mok Kah Hong also remarked at [103] that in the case
of a breach of a one-off nature, coercive considerations are not relevant to
the sentencing decision. The position is different where the order breached
required the contemnor to do something and the contemnor continuously refused
to comply. In such a situation, coercive considerations come into play.
Indeed, it goes without saying that the factors must in any case be applied to
the facts at hand. For example, in some cases, the fact that the contemnor
procured third parties to commit the contemptuous act has been held to be an
aggravating factor: Cartier International BV v Lee Hock Lee [1992] 3 SLR(R)
340 as noted in Sembcorp Marine at [68]. Such acts reflect at the very least
on the degree of culpability. The fact that the contemnor is an officer of the
court is another relevant consideration. The question whether remorse is
relevant also depends on other considerations such as whether the contemnor
has taken steps to remedy the breach. As was said by the High Court in
Sembcorp Marine at [68(g)], where the breach comprises removal of monies, the
most sincere apology could not assist (purge the contempt) if the monies had
not been paid back. That said, the High Court also commented that while
remorse is a mitigating factor (at least in appropriate cases), the lack of
remorse cannot be an aggravating factor unless it points towards contumacious
breach with no intention of remedy.

71 In Sembcorp Marine, the High Court imposed a short custodial sentence of
five days for a deliberate breach of a sealing order with the intention of
enticing and procuring a third party to publish an article based on the sealed
documents. The contemnor did not have a financial motive. The breach was
particularly serious as it robbed any future court order of practical effect.
In coming to the decision, the High Court examined precedents where a
custodial sentence was found appropriate, including Precious Wishes Ltd v
Sinoble Metalloy International (Pte) Ltd [2000] SGHC 5 (a three-month
custodial sentence was imposed for deliberate disregard of a Mareva injunction
and where there was inability to recover the dissipated monies); Re Tan Khee
Eng, John [1997] 1 SLR(R) 870 (a seven-day custodial sentence was imposed for
failure to obey court order for appearance, failure to notify court or provide
reasons, and where the contemnor was a lawyer); Re Ho Kok Cheong Bankruptcy No
1235 of 1987 [1995] SGHC 121 (where the contemnor left Singapore some 300
times in breach of an order preventing him from travelling).

72 In Global Distressed Alpha Fund, the contemnor, an educated businessman who
was aware of the serious consequences of a breach, was found to have committed
eight breaches of the EJD order. The contemnor was aware that committal
proceedings were contemplated but did not take any steps to purge the
contempt. The judgment creditor was found to have suffered serious prejudice
as the contemnor’s conduct had prevented him from taking substantive steps to
realise the fruits of litigation. Various reasons were offered as explanations
for the contemnor’s absence, including the assertion that he was out of
Singapore and occupied by various engagements in respect of work and family:
at [25] and [41]. The court noted at [40] that the fact an appeal had been
instituted did not operate as an automatic stay of proceedings. The
contemnor’s argument that his failure to attend the 8th EJD hearing was
because it would be contrary to an Indonesian ratification order was rejected:
at [46]. This ratification order concerned an arrangement that had been
entered into by the contemnor with some of his creditors under Indonesian
bankruptcy laws and ratified by the Central Jakarta District Court. The court
held at [46] that since the ambit of the EJD order was only to ascertain
whether the contemnor had any assets, there was no reason why compliance with
the EJD order would have contravened the Indonesian Ratification Order. In
these circumstances, a fine was inappropriate as being an insufficient
deterrent. A sentence of seven days’ imprisonment was imposed.

73 In Tay Kar Oon (HC), the High Court imposed a term of eight weeks’
imprisonment in respect of breaches of orders requiring the contemnor to
attend two scheduled court hearings and to file an affidavit on assets and
answers to an EJD questionnaire. The orders were obtained in October 2015. The
applicant subsequently discovered that the contemnor had been made bankrupt in
early November 2015. At the committal proceedings, the contemnor admitted
liability. Sentencing was adjourned thrice to allow her time to purge the
contempt. At the second hearing, an uncompleted questionnaire and a patently
false asset disclosure affidavit was filed. The contemnor provided some bank
account statements, but withheld others which would have disclosed breaches of
a Mareva injunction. At the third hearing, the breaches were disclosed along
with the missing bank statements. At the fourth and final hearing, the
contemnor disclosed the existence of a personal bank account and some bank
statements. At the final hearing, the applicant applied to withdraw the
committal application and that stated he was prepared to abandon his previous
submissions for a custodial sentence in the alternative. The applicant had
reached an agreement under which the contemnor would assist in tracing the
funds. The High Court held that in the circumstances (including the
applicant’s willingness to withdraw), it was appropriate to impose an eight-
week imprisonment term as a deterrent and to protect the administration of
justice and to maintain the court’s authority.

74 On appeal in Tay Kar Oon (CA), Tay Yong Kwang JA (for the Court of Appeal)
at [38] agreed with the High Court’s finding that the fact that the
complainant had withdrawn (or was prepared to withdraw) the committal
proceedings was not a bar to the court exercising its jurisdiction over the
matter or to make an order of committal. Civil contempt, like criminal
contempt, exists to vindicate the court’s authority and protect administration
of justice alongside the interests of the party who obtained the orders that
were breached. Nevertheless, the fact that the complainant wished to withdraw
the committal proceedings was a factor to be taken into account in deciding
the appropriate sentence, alongside the point that it appeared that the
contemnor had substantially purged the contempt by complying with the various
orders and directions. Other relevant factors included the medical report that
the contemnor was suffering from a major depressive disorder due to anxiety at
the time which may have hampered her ability to deal with the legal
proceedings. In those circumstances, the Court of Appeal set aside the term of
eight weeks’ imprisonment and imposed a fine of $10,000, in default, ten days’
imprisonment.

75 In OCM Opportunities Fund II, LP and others v Burhan Uray (alias Wong Ming
Kiong) and others [2005] 3 SLR 60, a custodial sentence of six months was
imposed in a case where there were multiple breaches of various orders: (i)
failure to comply with a Mareva injunction; (ii) failure to disclose assets;
(iii) failure to attend court for examination; (iv) continued breaches of the
Mareva injunction. Another case where a substantial term of six months’
imprisonment was imposed is Maruti Shipping Pte Ltd v Tay Sien Djim and others
[2014] SGHC 227, in respect of breaches of a Mareva injunction and an Anton
Piller order. Whilst these cases were not cited in parties’ submissions, the
short point is that there have been cases where a substantial term of
imprisonment has been found to be appropriate in committal proceedings for
contempt. That said, each case must of course turn on its own facts.

My findings on sentencing

76 In determining the appropriate sanction for Paulus and Catherine, I note
first that Oxel encountered considerable delays in the EJD proceedings through
no fault of their own. Right from the start, there were problems and
difficulties in serving the EJD Orders including the uncertainty over whether
G&C had instructions to accept service and so on. Neither Paulus nor
Catherine, nor indeed, counsel, appeared at the EJD hearings of 25 September
2017 and 11 October 2017. The first time when counsel appeared on behalf of
Paulus and Catherine was at the 1 November 2017 hearing where the court was
informed that Paulus and Catherine were overseas, that the Stay Application
had been filed, and that Paulus and Catherine had been made bankrupt in
Indonesia.

77 In determining the appropriate sanction, it is right that the court
considers whether the contemnors have taken steps since the breaches to purge
the contempt. Reference has been made above to the events and steps that have
occurred since the third breach. The fact that Paulus and Catherine finally
provided answers to the EJD Questionnaires on 27 November 2017 was a relevant
fact. The difficulty, however, was that the answers were bare denials of
assets and income with almost no information or details provided aside from
brief references to the acts of the Indonesian Curator. The answers to the EJD
Questionnaires did not, for example, identify a single bank account in
Singapore or elsewhere belonging to Paulus and/or Catherine over the past five
years. This was notwithstanding their evidence at trial that their family had
moved to Singapore in 2012 on account of their fears for safety. Indeed, from
the time that the Substantive Proceedings were commenced, all the way through
to the Substantive Judgment, it appeared that Paulus and Catherine were
resident in Singapore at an address that was set out in their AEICs. And yet,
in the EJD Questionnaires nothing was said of that property at all, not even
if it was owned, rented, borrowed from a friend or otherwise. The answers to
the EJD Questionnaires did not even attempt to address the question of whether
they had transferred assets to a third party over the past five years. It was
only in response to a query from Oxel that a further response that there were
no transfers was elicited. For these reasons, I found that although Paulus and
Catherine provided their answers to the EJD Questionnaires, this did little to
mitigate, let alone purge, the contempt.

78 Whilst Oxel and the AR had been given the indication that Paulus would
attend the EJD hearing scheduled for 1 December 2017, Paulus did not in fact
appear on that date. Instead his counsel informed the AR on 1 December 2017
that PT had informed him on the 27 November 2017 that he would not be
attending, as he had to travel overseas for an “emergency family meeting”. As
a result, the AR ordered Paulus and Catherine to appear for examination on 29
December 2017. And yet, whilst Paulus and Catherine did turn up on the 29
December 2017, not a single document was produced. Aside from simple denials
of assets or income, it appears that much of Paulus’ answers (the bankruptcy
issues aside) concerned the costs and inconvenience of attending. What is
puzzling is that Paulus’s reason for not attending on 1 December 2017 (as set
out in his affidavit of December 2017) was that he had to attend a family
meeting overseas to commemorate his mother’s one-year death anniversary.
Taking the dates at face value, it meant that on 1 November 2017, plans had
not yet been made for the family gathering in connection with the death
anniversary, but it was only sometime around 27 November 2017 that the
gathering had been arranged thus impeding his attendance on 1 December 2017 in
Singapore. Paulus could not be surprised, given his lack of transparency, if
his reason for missing the 1 December 2017 EJD hearing was treated with
scepticism.

79 Paulus and Catherine emphasise the fact that they did appear on 29 December
2017 for examination. Much was made about the waste of time said to have
arisen because of Oxel’s failure to question Catherine on 29 December 2017.
Whilst I do not have sight of the transcript for the 29 December 2017
proceedings, there is no doubt that the proceedings were adjourned because
Paulus and Catherine had not brought a single document relevant to the
examination. Furthermore, I note that neither Oxel nor its counsel had been
informed that Paulus and Catherine would indeed be appearing on 29 December
2017. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

See NE, pp 64–67.

Whilst Paulus and Catherine were not under any obligation to inform Oxel that
they would be attending, given the overall sequence of events including the
three breaches and the repeated failures to attend hearings, the failure to
inform Oxel or their lawyers of their settled intention to appear on the 29
December 2017 casts doubt on the sincerity of their desire to purge the
contempt or to co-operate with the EJD Orders.

80 In any case, whilst Paulus had indicated that he would supply the documents
ordered to be produced by the AR, it was apparent that he had failed to comply
or substantially comply with what had been required. For example, he had been
directed to set out the address of the office at which a safe containing his
personal belongings was located. The response set out in his affidavit of 9
January 2018 was simply that “the assets of PT. Pakuan belong to the company
and do not form part of my personal assets. Therefore, I believe that they are
not relevant to this EJD hearing”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

50th Affidavit of Paulus dated 9 January 2018, para 9.

Another example was his response to the order that he provide a list of all
cars owned by PT Pakuan and Sandipala, namely, that he believed that the cars
owned by PT Pakuan were not relevant to the proceedings and that he did not
have information as to whether Sandipala and PT Pakuan owned the cars any
longer.

81 Yet another example was the response to the order to provide a full list of
all companies in which Paulus had shares and which, according to PT, had been
seized by the curator in Indonesia. The response provided was that “the
curator has not informed me or written to me about the assets or companies
that have been seized by the Curator. Further, the assets of the company do
not belong to me or [Catherine] as they belong to the companies”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

50th Affidavit of Paulus dated 9 January 2018, para 8.

The response was odd to say the least, and did not answer the question.

82 I note also that a good deal of Paulus’s affidavit of 9 January 2018 in
fact concerned his renewed request that Paulus and Catherine be allowed to
provide their answers in writing or over video-link. In this regard Paulus
referred to the expenses of travel to and from Singapore and their inability
to meet the travelling expenses. Indeed, in this context, I note also that
Paulus in his 48th affidavit of 6 December 2017 (sworn/affirmed in India) and
Catherine in her 5th affidavit of 27 November 2017 asserted they were unable
to attend the EJD hearings (the first and second breaches) because they were
overseas and would have incurred expenses and loss of profits if they missed
or changed the planned business meetings.

83 I pause to make clear that I refer to the events after the third breach for
the purposes of assessing whether Paulus and Catherine taken steps to mitigate
and/or purge the contempt for which I have found them liable. Looking at the
three breaches and the events that transpired thereafter, I was not satisfied
that Paulus and Catherine had shown any genuine remorse or taken real and
substantial steps to address the breaches. After all that had been said about
their impecuniosity and inability to meet expenses, Paulus and Catherine only
gave bare assertions that Paulus’s brothers were assisting with the travel
expenses and that he and Catherine were helping them with their business. Yet,
it was clear that Paulus travelled frequently and for business – indeed, his
affidavit of 6 December 2017 was sworn or affirmed in India.

84 Leaving aside the claimed problems arising out of their bankruptcies and
impecuniosity, Paulus and Catherine had also referred to their fear for their
personal safety and that “the people controlling Oxel from behind are powerful
well-connected individuals” and that they were “afraid that upon reading this
affidavit and knowing my whereabouts, [their lives] and safety would be in
danger.” 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

48th Affidavit of Paulus, para 8; 5th Affidavit of Catherine at para 10.

If this were the reason why they did not inform Oxel or Oxel’s lawyers in
advance that they would attend the EJD hearing on 29 December 2017, the point
was never made then, and in any case there was nothing at all before the court
to support these fears expressed. Indeed, at the committal hearing on 12
January 2018, I specifically asked counsel after he had concluded his
submissions as to whether there were any other matters which his clients would
like him to address the court on. When I raised the point, aside from
clarifying that there was no fear associated with coming to Singapore, their
purported fears regarding safety remained vague in nature. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE, p 80, lines 2–12.

In these circumstances, I was not able to have regard to their expressed
concerns for personal safety as a factor relevant to my decision on the
appropriate sanction.

85 Compliance with an EJD order is not simply a matter of interest to the
judgment creditor. Apart from this, there is also the need to generally deter
contemptuous behaviour and to protect and preserve the authority of the
Singapore courts. Paulus’s and Catherine’s breaches were serious and repeated.
The delay caused was considerable. They asserted, on the other hand, that no
prejudice had been caused which could not be rectified. To this end, even at
the committal hearing, the point was made that this court should adjourn
decision until after the appeal or application for judicial review of the
Indonesian bankruptcy order was determined, after which Paulus or Catherine
would, if necessary, still be able to answer the EJD Questionnaires and so on.
On this basis, it appeared that Paulus and Catherine are still unwilling to
answer questions on their personal assets and Sandipala’s assets unless and
until their bankruptcy in Indonesia was finally resolved. This was not a
sufficient answer to an order to attend and answer questions in respect of a
judgment debt arising from a judgment by the Singapore courts. The EJD Orders
were simply concerned with efforts to determine if the judgment debtors had
assets against which execution might subsequently be sought. The effect of the
bankruptcy order and appointment of the Curator in Indonesia would have to be
considered only if assets were found and an order was sought against those
assets by the judgment creditor in question.

86 Finally, I considered that Paulus and Catherine were well-educated and had
the benefit of legal advice. Paulus, in particular, was clearly an experienced
businessman who had for many years been competing for (and often securing)
various tender projects in Indonesia. There was no evidence that the breaches
of the orders were attributable at least in part to depression, such as in the
Tay Kar Oon case.

87 In these circumstances, it was clear that a fine would have been
inadequate. A short custodial sentence of seven days was necessary as
punishment for the contemptuous acts, and to generally deter such breaches so
as to preserve the authority of the Singapore courts.

Conclusion

88 In summary, I found Paulus and Catherine guilty of contempt of court for
their breaches of the EJD Orders, and sentenced them to seven days’
imprisonment each.

89 After delivering my decision, counsel for Paulus and Catherine informed the
court that an appeal would be brought against my decision. In these
circumstances, I directed that the committal order be stayed pending the
appeal. Bail was granted in the sum of $30,000 each, with one surety. Until
bail was provided, Paulus and Catherine were to surrender their travel
documents and not leave Singapore. The court was informed that the substantive
appeal was due to be heard in the next few months. That being the case, I
directed, with the consent of both sides, that the Committal Appeal be heard
on an expedited basis, and if possible, at or about the same time as the
hearing of the substantive appeal. Counsel agreed to limit the submissions for
the Committal Appeal to ten pages.

90 Costs for the application for leave to commence committal proceedings were
fixed at $1,000 plus reasonable disbursements. Costs for the committal
proceedings were fixed at $12,000 plus reasonable disbursements.

George Wei  
Judge

Davinder Singh s/o Amar Singh, Jaikanth Shankar, Jaspreet Singh Sachdev, Lin
Xianyang Timothy and Low Wu Yang (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff in the
counterclaim;  
Govintharash s/o Ramanathan and Shafkat Fahmid Sifat (Gurbani & Co LLC) for
the 2nd and 3rd defendants in the counterclaim.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

