Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 84

HC/Originating Summons No 186 of 2018

In the Matter of Section 21(1)(b) of the

Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322)

And

In the Matter of Order 55D Rule 4(3)(b) of the

Rules of Court (Cap 322 Rule 5)

Between

Edmund Tie & Company (SEA) Pte Ltd

… Applicant

And

Savills Residential Pte Ltd

… Respondent

judgment

[Civil procedure] — [appeals] — [leave]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Edmund Tie & Company (SEA) Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Savills Residential Pte Ltd

[2018] SGHC 84

High Court — HC/Originating Summons No 186 of 2018  
Choo Han Teck J  
4 April 2018; 16 April 2018

19 April 2018 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 A flat in Simei Street 4 was sold for $1,251,000 in 2011. The purchaser’s
real estate agent was Lim Chee Mei (“Lim”) from the applicant company. The
vendor’s agent was Fong Kok Hung (“Fong”) from the respondent company. The
vendor paid Fong 2% of the sale price as his commission. No trouble arose from
that, but Fong had a co-broking agreement with Lim. Therein lies the dispute.
Lim claims that the co-broking agreement provided that Fong will share the 2%
commission equally with her, that is, 1% of the commission amounting to
$12,510. The applicant thus sued the respondent for $13,385.70 (which is
$12,510 with the Goods and Services Tax (“GST”) added).

2 The co-broking agreement was reduced in writing and the material clause
reads as follows —

You hereby agree to pay [applicant] a co-brokerage fee of Singapore Dollars
SIX THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED FIFTY-FIVE plus GST or 50% of the commission payable
by the vendor to you, whichever is higher.

The dispute arises because Fong produced the original agreement with the words
“or 50% of the commission by the vendor to you, whichever is higher” struck
out. At the trial, Lim produced a copy with those words written back in by
Lim.

3 The trial was fought over the correct version of the contract. If the words
in question were properly struck out, then all that Lim would have been
entitled to was $6,225 plus GST. If not, then Lim would have been entitled to
$13,385.70.

4 Evidence was led by counsel for the parties as to how the agreement was
executed. Each party has its own version concerning the reference to the
entitlement to 50% of the commission.

5 In spite of allusions to Fong having committed himself to sharing the
commission with others as well as Lim, the trial judge found in favour of
Fong’s version. Lim then found herself in a worse position than before she
commenced the action – the trial judge found that having claimed a contract
specifically for $13,385.70 and nothing less, Lim, having that claim
dismissed, had no crumbs to pick. This case is a tragic-comedy of minor
proportions. It is entirely plausible that Fong had agreed to share the 2%
commission with Lim only to realise that he had committed himself to share it
with another agent. If that were the case, he should be paying the other agent
from his own share. But the case was not fought on this basis. The applicant’s
statement of claim prayed for the payment of $13,385.70 as the specific
contract sum, no more, no less. And the applicant fought her case on the basis
that the words “or 50% of the commission by the vendor to you, whichever is
higher” were improperly struck out.

6 Mr Tan Bar Tien, counsel for the applicant, sought leave before me to appeal
against the District Judge’s dismissal of its claim. Mr Tan argues that Fong
had never denied that $6,255 was due to Lim and that she (Lim) ought to be
awarded that sum at the very least. Mr Kenny Khoo, counsel for the respondent,
concedes that $6,255 was due to Lim, but submits that the applicant had tied
its own hands in the trial by going on an “all or nothing” basis and thus
cannot now relaunch its claim when it has gotten nothing. Before me, Mr Khoo
further submits that the applicant cannot claim a relief which is inconsistent
with the applicant’s version of the facts.

7 Mr Tan now claims that he had submitted to the trial judge that his client
ought to be paid at least $6,255 but the District Judge had “ignored” that
submission. In his arguments before me, Mr Tan submits that although he did
not ask to amend his statement of claim, the court ought to have awarded his
client $6,255 under the fourth prayer of the reliefs sought in the statement
of claim. The fourth prayer reads “such further or other relief as this
Honourable Court shall deem fit.”

8 Mr Tan now argues, in a passage in his written submissions under the
heading, “Grave injustice and or miscarriage of justice”, that

[t]he only issue and or question for determination that the Honourable
[District Judge] should have concentrated her mind on was simply to determine
what share of commission was agreed upon – whether the sum of $6,692.85 or
$13,385.70 was owing from the [respondent] to the [appellant].

He went on to say that “the Honourable [District Judge’s] decision effectively
deprives the [appellant] of a single cent of commission” [sic]. The
application before me is an application for leave to appeal against the
District Judge’s dismissal of the applicant’s claim. Since the amount involved
is only $13,385.70, at best, or just $6,255, the applicant has to satisfy the
court that in spite of the relatively low sum claimed, he should be allowed to
appeal, not just because the justice of the case is strongly in his favour,
but so are the merits — the two do not always overlap.

9 This is a straightforward claim for a fixed sum under a contract but the
applicant’s solicitors filed a statement of claim that is nine pages long, and
yet missed out eight crucial words – “or such sum as the court deems fit”
immediately after the words, “[a]nd the [applicant] claims against the
[respondent] ... the sum of $13,385.70”. On the applicant’s claim, even
without the phrase “or such sum as the court deems fit”, the court is obliged
to find whether the contract sum was $13,385.70 or $6,255.

10 Even at the close of the submissions, before judgment, the applicant could
have asked the court for leave to amend its statement of claim by inserting
the crucial eight words. The trial judge might not have granted an application
to amend the claim, but all that Mr Tan needed to do was to ask. But he did
not. Through Mr Tan, the applicant now wants leave to appeal to the High
Court, but what can the High Court do in these circumstances? The Court may
award less but not more than what an applicant claims; granting leave to
appeal will thus be a futile exercise. And an applicant cannot ask for a
relief that relies on facts that he has challenged throughout the trial. When
procedure has not been observed it is incumbent upon the party in breach to
take steps to rectify its error or omission. If, as in this case, the
rectification calls for an application to amend the inadequate claim, the
court may grant leave if it appears fair or just to do so. The party in error
cannot leap across this step and expect judgment in its favour on a claim
that, unamended, has no merits.

11 “The justice of the case” is sometimes, as in this application, a cry in
desperation, and one that conceals the fact that “justice” has many facets and
may sometimes turn to show another face – that of fairness. The respondent had
taken a consistent stand throughout, yet found itself drawn into litigation,
which the applicant refuses to abandon even now. The applicant, on the other
hand, made two basic errors, and even now, has not addressed them. First, it
did not plead its case adequately. Second, it did not make any attempt to
rectify its case, but insists that its case was sufficient. Well, it is not.

12 Mr Tan’s argument that the applicant was entitled to the award of $6,255 in
the court below because he had pleaded “such further or other relief as the
court deems fit” is of no help in this case because that was pleaded as a
separate relief and such prayers are intended to enable the court to make such
orders that may facilitate the execution of the main orders. The main order in
this case had the applicant succeeded, would have been that the respondent
pays the sum of $13,385.70. The words “or such other sum as the court deems
fit” ought to follow the main prayer as mentioned at [9] above.

13 To see this as a triumph of form over substance is to underestimate the
full majesty of substance. It is substantive law and not procedure that
occupies the throne, but one must climb the steps of procedure if he is to
pluck the crown. Part of the reason law is regarded as a discipline is that
solicitors are required to observe procedure, which is an essential part of
respecting the law. The number of young lawyers today far outnumber that in Mr
Tan’s youth, and it is crucial to the profession that fledgling lawyers learn
that competence derives its essence from discipline.

14 The trial judge below had made the correct order in not granting something
the plaintiff did not ask for. And for the reasons above, I will not exercise
my discretion in granting leave to appeal. The applicant’s application before
me for leave to appeal is dismissed with costs. I will fix costs at $1,500
with reasonable disbursements.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Tan Bar Tien (B T Tan & Company) for the applicant;  
Kenny Khoo and Chiang Wan Ting (Ascentsia Law Corporation) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

