Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGCA 32

Criminal Appeal No 35 of 2017

Between

PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

CHUA HOCK LEONG  
---  
  
… Respondent

EX TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Fellatio] — [s 376(1) of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed)]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Aggravating factors]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Principles] —
[Discretion to impose imprisonment in lieu of caning]

* * *

* * *

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Chua Hock Leong

[2018] SGCA 32

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeal No 35 of 2017  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Judith Prakash JA and Tay Yong Kwang JA  
26 June 2018

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 This is an appeal by the Prosecution against the mandatory minimum sentence
of eight years’ imprisonment imposed on Chua Hock Leong (“the Respondent”) for
performing fellatio on a person under 14 years of age, an offence under s
376(1)(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”) and
punishable under s 376(4)(b).

2 The Respondent was charged with fellating a young boy, who was 12 years of
age (“the Victim”), without the Victim’s consent, in a male toilet within
Tampines Eco Park (“the park”) on 27 January 2016. The Respondent claimed
trial to the charge and was convicted in the High Court by the trial judge
(“the Judge”) on 21 July 2017. No appeal has been filed against the
conviction.

3 Before the Judge, the Prosecution submitted that the appropriate sentence
would be at least 12 years’ imprisonment and a further 24 weeks’ imprisonment
in lieu of the mandatory 12 strokes of the cane (the Respondent could not be
caned in view of his age). The Defence submitted that the mandatory minimum
sentence of eight years’ imprisonment would be adequate. The Judge imposed a
sentence of eight years’ imprisonment. No written grounds of decision were
issued in respect of both conviction and sentence, with the Judge certifying
on 24 July 2017 that the decision of the court was as recorded in the
transcript of 21 July 2017. In that transcript, the Judge delivered his oral
decision on sentence in the following paragraph, as follows:

Now, the circumstances of the offence depends on the case to case [sic] and
the nature of each offence and each charge. Here, I have taken into account
the place, the nature and the evidence of the offence as testified by the
…[V]ictim and yourself and I am taking into account that this is the first
offence by you, a man aged 63, having lived hitherto a life unblemished by
criminal record. I have taken into account that all sexual offences will have
varying degrees of impact on the victim and the age of the [V]ictim and his
statements as to how it has affected him or her are therefore relevant and I
have taken into account all of that in this case, including the observations I
have made from the testimony of the boy himself in Court and what he has said
and the way he has testified.

In the circumstances, I am therefore imposing a sentence of imprisonment of 8
years with effect from today.

4 With respect, we disagree with the Judge that the mandatory minimum sentence
of eight years’ imprisonment was appropriate.

5 First, sentences of at least ten years’ imprisonment have been imposed in
the past in cases which had broadly similar facts to those of the present
case. For instance, in Public Prosecutor v Selvaraju Jayaselvam (Criminal Case
No 14 of 2009, unreported), the accused was a 26-year old male and the victim
was an eight-year-old boy. The accused had been dispatched to perform repair
works at the victim’s school when he chanced upon the victim. The accused then
followed the victim to the toilet and asked the victim to check if the
flushing systems in the cubicles were functioning properly. The victim went
into one of the cubicles and tested the flush. The accused then entered the
same cubicle and fellated the victim by sucking on his penis without his
consent. The accused pleaded guilty to one charge under s 376(1)(b),
punishable under s 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code. Another charge for attempting
to penetrate the victim’s mouth with his penis was taken into consideration
for the purposes of sentencing. No other notable aggravating factor was
present. The accused, who was a first-time offender, was sentenced to ten
years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane. We should also mention that
just like the present case, there was only one victim involved, there was no
prior existing relationship between the victim and the offender and there was
only a single instance of fellatio, although there was another charge taken
into consideration. As far as precedent goes, it generally follows that given
that the Respondent here had claimed trial, the sentence, if any, ought to be
higher than ten years’ imprisonment.

6 Second, in line with the objective of utilising “the full spectrum of
sentences” enacted by Parliament so as to avoid “a clustering of sentencing
outcomes” (see Ng Kean Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449
(“Terence Ng”) at [14]), the mandatory minimum sentence should be reserved for
offenders who have strong mitigating factors in their favour and where there
are no aggravating factors present. Given that there are no mitigating factors
in the present case (the Respondent claimed trial to the offence, thereby
placing the Victim in the invidious position of recounting an event that he
would surely want to forget), it follows that the sentence cannot be the
mandatory minimum sentence. On this basis alone, the sentence imposed by the
Judge is clearly wrong in principle.

7 Third, we are of the view that there were, in fact, aggravating factors
present in this case that justified a sentence higher than the mandatory
minimum sentence.

8 Whilst we disagree with the Prosecution that there was premeditation or
abuse of trust in the present case, we find that the harm caused to the Victim
was an aggravating factor. Even though the Victim was not diagnosed to be
suffering from any post-traumatic stress disorder, the offence had caused
psychological harm to the Victim. The victim impact statement showed that the
Victim was so adversely affected by the incident that he became emotionally
and socially withdrawn. He no longer went out of his house unaccompanied.
Unlike in the past, he often wished to be alone and found social interaction
difficult to enjoy. He also did not wish to go back to the park again but had
no choice but to go there when asked to do so by his friends as he was unable
to tell them what had happened. Such visits caused him distress. As a result
of the incident, he also became very afraid of talking to elderly men. In
short, the Victim’s life has been damaged significantly as a result of the
Respondent’s actions, a factor that must be taken into account in sentencing
(see Terence Ng at [44(h)]).

9 We also find that in claiming trial to the offence, the Respondent had
displayed an “evident lack of remorse” (see Terence Ng at [64(c)]). This was
clearly apparent to us from the manner in which he chose to conduct his
defence at trial. He portrayed the Victim as a sexual predator who would ask
an elderly stranger whether he wanted to “play” (ie, have sex) and who could
even suggest going to a hotel to do it. The Respondent also testified that the
Victim kept touching his own private parts and the Victim’s penis was erect
beneath his shorts, thereby implying that the Victim was highly experienced
sexually. The Respondent also claimed that the Victim had touched and talked
about the Respondent’s “sperm” after the Respondent had masturbated. His
counsel also cross-examined the Victim on whether he watched pornography.

10 For completeness, we note that, during the course of its submissions, the
Prosecution had referred to the benchmarks set by us in Pram Nair v Public
Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 1015 (“Pram Nair”) for the offence of digital
penetration using a finger under s 376(2)(a) of the Penal Code. After some
consideration, we do not find the present occasion to be an appropriate case
to deal with the applicability or otherwise of the benchmarks set in Pram Nair
to offences involving fellatio under s 376(1) of the Penal Code. Since the
present appeal can be decided without the application of any benchmarks but
instead, as evident from our reasoning above, on an application of first
principles, we see no need to set benchmarks for fellatio offences in this
case and prefer to leave the question to be addressed on a more appropriate
occasion.

11 For these reasons, we find that an appropriate sentence in this case ought
to be at least ten years’ and six months’ imprisonment.

12 We turn now to consider whether imprisonment in lieu of caning should be
imposed on the Respondent. Since the offence is punishable under s 376(4)(b)
of the Penal Code, 12 strokes of the cane is mandated by law. Given the
Respondent’s age, however, no caning can be imposed on him (see s 325(1)(b) of
the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”)). In lieu of
caning, the Prosecution submitted in the proceedings below that an additional
imprisonment term of 24 weeks should be imposed. The Judge declined to
exercise his discretion to do so under s 325(2) of the CPC. With respect, we
are of the view that the Judge erred in not imposing imprisonment in lieu of
caning on the Respondent. In our view, the Judge failed to consider the
objective of general deterrence in relation to adults over the age of 50 who
might otherwise commit such sexual offences against minors.

13 A three-member coram of the High Court, hearing a Magistrate’s Appeal in
Amin bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor [2017] 5 SLR 904 (“Amin”) held that
enhancement of the sentence in lieu of caning is warranted, amongst other
things, where there is a need to compensate for the deterrent effect of caning
that was lost by reason of the exemption (at [59]). On this factor, Sundaresh
Menon CJ stated as follows in Amin (at [66]):

… the court should consider whether an additional term of imprisonment is
needed to replace the lost deterrent effect of caning, having regard to why
the offender was exempted from caning. We are here addressing, in particular,
the sentencing objective of general deterrence which looks to deter other
like-minded individuals, who are similarly situated as the offender before the
court, from engaging in similar conduct. The key question is whether such
potential offenders would have known before committing the offence that by
reason of their own circumstances, they would be exempted from caning. If so,
then an additional term of imprisonment in lieu of caning may be more readily
seen as necessary or appropriate in order to compensate for the general
deterrent effect lost because the offender knows he or she will be exempted
from caning. [emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in bold]

14 In this case, the Respondent committed the offence when he was 61 years old
– most offenders of a similar age would know that they cannot be caned on
account of their age (see also Amin at [67]). Further, we are of the view that
an additional imprisonment term is necessary here to underscore the principle
of general deterrence. The Respondent, who was at least five times older than
the Victim in age and whom the Victim had addressed as “Uncle”, was in a prime
position to advise the Victim not to play truant from school. Instead of doing
that, he had exploited the unsuspecting minor by befriending him in a public
place and then forcing himself upon the Victim to satisfy his own depraved
sexual desires. The offence committed by the Respondent offends “the
sensibilities of the general public” and a “deterrent sentence is therefore
necessary and appropriate to quell public disquiet and the unease engendered
by such crimes” (see Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 at
[25(c)]).

15 For these reasons and in line with the indicative guidelines for
imprisonment terms in lieu of 12 strokes of the cane stated in Amin at [90],
we find it appropriate to impose an additional imprisonment term of six months
on the Respondent.

16 In the circumstances, we allow the appeal. We enhance the Respondent’s
sentence to ten years and six months’ imprisonment with an additional
imprisonment term of six months in lieu of caning, making a total of 11 years’
imprisonment.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash Tay Yong Kwang  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Terence Chua and Nicholas Lai Yi Shin (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
appellant;  
Narayanan Vijay Kumar (Vijay & Co) and Mathew Kurian (Regent Law LLC) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

