Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 44

Suit No 274 of 2017

Between

| UJT  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| UJR  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

[2018] SGHCF 6

Originating Summons (Probate) No 9 of 2016

Between

| UJR  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| UJS  
---|---  
(2)| UJT  
(3)| UJU  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Probate and administration] — [Personal representatives] — [Powers]

[Trusts] — [Resulting trusts]

[Trusts] — [Constructive trusts] — [Common intention constructive trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
UJT

  

v

  

UJR and another matter

[2018] SGHC 44; [2018] SGHCF 6

High Court — Suit No 274 of 2017 and Originating Summons (Probate) No 9 of
2016  
Valerie Thean J  
21, 22 November; 1 December 2017

27 February 2018 Judgment reserved.

Valerie Thean J:

1 In Originating Summons (Probate) No 9 of 2016 (“the Probate Application”),
the plaintiff (“the Grandson”) applies for a number of orders in relation to a
two-storey terraced house (“the Property”) belonging to his late grandfather’s
estate. The principal effect of these orders is to enable him as executor of
the estate to sell the Property despite the three defendants’ continued
occupation of it. The second defendant in the Probate Application, who is his
grandmother (“the Grandmother”), has in turn brought Suit No 274 of 2017 (“the
Suit”), seeking among other things a declaration that she has a beneficial
interest in the Property, or otherwise a right to remain in the Property until
her death.

2 As this judgment concerns both the Probate Application and the Suit, and as
the former is a proceeding which is required under s 10 of the Family Justice
Act (No 27 of 2014) (“the FJA”) to be heard in camera, the names and details
of the parties have been redacted pursuant to r 672(2) of the Family Justice
Rules 2014 (S 813/2014) (“the FJR”).

3 For the reasons that follow, I dismiss the Suit, and make orders pursuant to
the Probate Application to facilitate the sale of the Property.

Background

4 The Grandmother’s husband, whom I shall refer to as the Grandfather, died on
5 June 2014 at the age of 84. He left a will by which he gave his fourth and
youngest son (“the Fourth Son”) and the Grandson, the Property upon trust to
sell and, after payment of his debts and funeral and testamentary expenses, to
share in the proceeds of sale equally. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents dated 27 October 2017 at p 90.

He also appointed them as the executors and trustees of his will. The Property
is registered in the Grandfather’s sole name, and it was the matrimonial home
of him and the Grandmother, who is today 83 years old. The property is now
occupied by her, the Fourth Son, and the couple’s second son (“the Second
Son”).

5 The Grandfather and the Grandmother married in 1949 when he was 19 and she
was 14. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Grandmother’s AEIC in S 274/2017 dated 31 August 2017 at para 7.

They had five children. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Grandmother’s AEIC in S 274/2017 dated 31 August 2017 at para 6.

Their eldest son (“the Eldest Son”), who is the father of the Grandson and not
a party to these proceedings, was born in 1951 and is now 66 years old. The
Second Son was born in 1954 and is now 63 years old. Their only daughter was
born in 1955 and is now 62 years old. Like the eldest son, she is not a party
to these proceedings. Their third son, born in 1957, passed away in 1982. The
Fourth Son is their youngest. He was born in 1962 and is now 55 years old.

6 During the early years of their marriage, the Grandfather and the
Grandmother lived in what has been referred to in these proceedings as a “zinc
roof house” in the vicinity of Alexandra Avenue, near Alexandra Hospital where
the Grandfather worked as a peon and she as an “amah”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Grandmother’s AEIC in S 274/2017 dated 31 August 2017 at paras 8–9.

Sometime in the 1960s, they were told that the Government intended to take
back the land upon which their house was built. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Grandmother’s AEIC in S 274/2017 dated 31 August 2017 at para 17.

They were given notice to leave the zinc roof house, which they did. They
turned down the option of being relocated to public housing because of the
size of their family. The Government offered them a compensation sum for
leaving the house and, according to the Grandmother, she and the Grandfather
were each entitled to half the sum. The amount of the compensation sum is a
matter of some uncertainty.

7 With the compensation they had received and with what they had saved, the
Grandfather and the Grandmother decided in 1967 to buy the Property. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Grandmother’s AEIC in S 274/2017 dated 31 August 2017 at para 20.

There is some dispute about its purchase price, in particular, whether it was
$33,900 or $36,500. The purchase was financed partly by a mortgage loan of
$10,250 from Overseas Union Trust, Limited, which was fully redeemed in 1970.
7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents dated 27 October 2017 at p 5.

Whether and to what extent Mdm Lim contributed to the purchase price is a
matter of dispute. At the time they moved into the Property, the couple were
39 and 34 years old respectively, and their five children, 16, 13, 12, 10 and
5.

8 Sometime after 1967, the Grandfather started a watch-selling business at
Alexandra Avenue. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Grandmother’s AEIC in S 274/2017 dated 31 August 2017 at para 13.

In 1988, he took out a loan secured on the Property to finance his business
and to invest in commercial properties. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Grandmother’s AEIC in S 274/2017 dated 31 August 2017 at para 33.

Those properties were placed under his and his children’s names, and they
became the premises from which his business operated. The loan appears now to
have been fully repaid.

9 The Grandson alleges that in the 1990s, the Grandfather and the
Grandmother’s relationship began to deteriorate, and they began staying in
separate rooms. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Grandson’s Affidavit in OSP 9/2016 dated 16 September 2016 at para 9(a).

This assertion is disputed by the Grandmother.

10 In 2002, the Grandfather had a will drafted by which he left the Property
to the Fourth Son and the Grandson upon trust to sell and to share in the
proceeds of sale equally. As I have mentioned, the Fourth Son and the Grandson
were appointed the executors and trustees. About a decade later, the
Grandfather was diagnosed with cancer and he passed away in June 2014. At the
time of his passing, the Grandmother, the Fourth Son and the Second Son lived
at the Property.

11 In October 2014, the Grandson applied for grant of probate in relation to
the Grandfather’s will. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Grandson’s Affidavit in OSP 9/2016 dated 6 May 2016 at para 15.

This was issued to him in November 2014. Under the grant, a power was reserved
to the Fourth Son for him to apply for a similar grant of probate. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Grandson’s Affidavit in OSP 9/2016 dated 6 May 2016 at para 16.

By April 2015, the Fourth Son still had not exercised that power. The Grandson
therefore decided to issue a citation under r 244 of the FJR to the Fourth Son
asking him to accept or refuse a grant of probate in respect of the
Grandfather’s will. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Grandson’s Affidavit in OSP 9/2016 dated 6 May 2016 at para 18.

12 A number of hearings took place under those citation proceedings in which
the Fourth Son’s counsel, Mr Johnny Seah, indicated that his client was
interested to take part in the probate. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Grandson’s Affidavit in OSP 9/2016 dated 6 May 2016 at para 19.

The Fourth Son, however, did not eventually apply for a grant of probate.
Accordingly, in August 2015, the court ordered that the Fourth Son would be
deemed to have renounced his rights and title to the probate and execution of
the will unless he filed an application for grant of probate or if he
contested the Grandson’s grant of probate within seven days. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Grandson’s Affidavit in OSP 9/2016 dated 6 May 2016 at pp 115–116. -

Neither was done. In September 2015, the court ordered that the Fourth Son’s
rights as an executor under the will had ceased. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Grandson’s Affidavit in OSP 9/2016 dated 6 May 2016 at p 162.

13 Separately, in March 2015, the Grandmother and the Second Son were sued by
the Eldest Son, who sought a declaration that he had a beneficial interest in
a commercial property registered in his and the Second Son’s name. The
Grandmother was named a defendant in that suit because the Second Son had
alleged that she had contributed to the purchase price of the property. In the
event, the parties in that suit reached a settlement in February 2016 after
mediation.

14 The Grandson then applied in May 2016 for orders to effect the sale of the
Property. These include orders to declare that he now acts as sole executor of
the Grandfather’s estate and to require the current occupants of the Property
to grant him access to it. I shall examine these orders individually, but as I
have said, their principal effect is to enable the Grandson to carry out the
sale of the Property in accordance with the trust for sale established by the
Grandfather’s will. In response, the Grandmother in March 2017 filed the Suit
against the Grandson, seeking a declaration that she has a beneficial interest
in the Property or otherwise that she has a right to remain in it.

15 The parties agreed that the trial of the Suit would take place first, and
the Probate Application dealt with thereafter on the basis of written
submissions. That is because the answer to whether the Grandmother has an
interest in the Property will have an effect on the determination of the
Probate Application. This judgment therefore also deals first with the Suit.

The Suit

16 I begin with an overview of the parties’ cases.

The parties’ cases

17 The Grandmother pleads that she is entitled to 60.3% of the beneficial
interest in the Property. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Statement of Claim dated 28 March 2017 at para 22.

Her primary case is that the Grandfather’s estate holds that proportion of the
Property’s beneficial interest on resulting trust for her because she
contributed 60.3% of the Property’s purchase price. She claims that the
Property was bought for $36,500 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Statement of Claim dated 28 March 2017 at para 13.

and was paid for using (a) a compensation sum of $6,000 obtained from the
Government when their land was acquired (see [7] above); (b) cash in the sum
of $19,000; (c) cash of an unknown amount from the Grandfather, which was used
to pay stamp and legal fees; and (d) a loan of $10,250 from Overseas Union
Trust, Limited (see [7] above), which was repaid by the Grandfather. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Statement of Claim dated 28 March 2017 at para 14.

18 The Grandmother claims that her contribution comprised half the
compensation sum from the Government and the $19,000 in cash. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Statement of Claim dated 28 March 2017 at para 15.

In her pleadings, she states the total sum of her contribution to be $22,500,
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Statement of Claim dated 28 March 2017 at para 15.

but this appears to be an arithmetic error. Half of $6,000 is $3,000, and
adding that to $19,000 yields a total sum of $22,000. $22,000 and not $22,500
is 60.3% of $36,500. Thus, $22,000 appears to be the figure which the
Grandmother intended to state in her pleadings as the total sum of her
contribution. Separately, the sum of $19,000 is simply stated to come from the
“savings and contributions from the family”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Statement of Claim dated 28 March 2017 at para 14.2.

Given that the Grandmother is saying that it was she who contributed that
$19,000, she can only be implying that the sum came from her savings or
contributions which she gathered from the family. In this regard, her
pleadings refer to the fact that she “supplemented the income of the family”
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Statement of Claim dated 28 March 2017 at para 6.

by working as an amah at the Alexandra Hospital 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Statement of Claim dated 28 March 2017 at para 6.

and by selling homemade rice wine. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Statement of Claim dated 28 March 2017 at para 7.

19 The Grandmother’s alternative case is based on the existence of a common
intention constructive trust. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Statement of Claim dated 28 March 2017 at para 24.

This aspect of her case is poorly pleaded. In particular, it is not clear what
she alleges to be the substance of the common intention. It is also not clear
what are the specific facts that she relies upon to establish that common
intention. She does however say that it was a common intention shared between
her and the Grandfather at the time the Property was purchased in 1967. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Statement of Claim dated 28 March 2017 at para 24.

She also appears to suggest that the proportion of the beneficial interest in
the Property held on a common intention construction trust in her favour is
also 60.3%, given that she states no other proportion in her pleadings and
given that she presents the common intention constructive trust as a reason
for why she is entitled to that proportion. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

See Statement of Claim dated 28 March 2017 at para 26.

In her closing submissions, she also raises, for the first time, the existence
of a proprietary estoppel against the Grandfather’s estate which, she alleges,
entitles her to half of the beneficial interest in the Property.

20 The Grandmother’s further alternative is that as a widow in occupation of
the Property, she has a “right to abode over the Property”, given that it was
her matrimonial home. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Statement of Claim dated 28 March 2017 at para 25.

She claims that the Grandson is obliged to respect that right and allow her to
continue to occupy the Property. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Statement of Claim dated 28 March 2017 at para 25.

21 In his defence, the Grandson states that he has no personal knowledge of
the circumstances of the purchase of the Property. That is only to be
expected. He claims therefore that the Grandmother should be put to strict
proof of her case. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defence dated 20 April 2017 at para 4.

He does, however, claim that the purchase price of the Property was $33,900
and not $36,500. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Defence dated 20 April 2017 at para 4(c).

He denies that the Grandmother made any contribution to the purchase price of
the Property. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Defence dated 20 April 2017 at para 4(d).

He denies the existence of a purchase price resulting trust, a common
intention constructive trust and that the Grandmother has a “right to abode
over the Property”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defence dated 20 April 2017 at para 5.

He also argues now that the Grandmother cannot rely on a proprietary estoppel
because it was not pleaded. Finally, he claims that the Grandmother failed to
bring her claims in equity within a reasonable time and, as a result, those
claims are now barred by laches or by her acquiescence. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defence dated 20 April 2017 at para 5(b).

Issues to be determined

22 Having regard to the pleadings, the submissions and the evidence before me,
I consider there to be five broad issues in the Suit for determination:

(a) Is the Grandmother barred by the doctrine of laches from bringing her
claims in equity?

(b) Does the Grandfather’s estate hold 60.3% of the beneficial interest in the
Property on resulting trust for the Grandmother?

(c) Does the Grandfather’s estate hold any proportion of the beneficial
interest in the Property on a common intention constructive trust for the
Grandmother and, if so, what is the size of that proportion?

(d) Is the Grandmother entitled to raise a proprietary estoppel against the
Grandfather’s estate?

(e) Does the Grandmother, as a widow in occupation of her matrimonial home,
have a right to occupy the Property and, if so, is the Grandson in any way
bound by that right?

23 For the reasons explained below, I hold that the Grandmother is not barred
by the doctrine of laches from bringing her claims in equity. Nevertheless, in
light of the paucity of evidence and threadbare pleadings, I find that the
Grandfather’s estate does not hold any beneficial interest in the Property on
trust for the Grandmother. Neither does the Grandmother have a right to occupy
the property.

Issue 1: Laches

24 The doctrine of laches operates to bar any equitable claim by a plaintiff
if the defendant can show that it would be unjust to give the plaintiff a
remedy. The justice of the case is considered with regard to three factors in
particular: (a) the length of delay before the claim was brought; (b) the
nature of the prejudice said to be suffered by the defendant; and (c) any
element of unconscionability in allowing the claim to be enforced: Chng Weng
Wah v Goh Bak Heng [2016] 2 SLR 464 at [44].

25 In my view, there was no unreasonable delay in the Grandmother’s bringing
of this claim. She found out about the Grandfather’s intention in his will
only after his death. That was in 2014. The Suit was brought in 2017. During
the intervening period, the Grandmother was involved in another litigation
with two of her sons concerning the ownership of a commercial property (see
[13] above). In the circumstances, three years is not unreasonable delay in
taking action to ascertain or enforce one’s interest in one’s matrimonial
home. The Grandson observes that his efforts to sell the Property have been
delayed by the commencement of the Suit, and that he has had to incur costs in
defending the “frivolous claims” in the Suit. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Grandson’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 21 November 2017 at para
85.

This does not, in my opinion, amount to prejudice of the kind contemplated by
the doctrine of laches, because any litigation will involve time and money.

Issue 2: Resulting trust

26 The principles on when a resulting trust arises are not contested by the
parties and may be summarised as follows. If a plaintiff can show that he made
a financial contribution to the purchase price of a property, a defendant
holding title to the property will be presumed to hold, on trust for the
plaintiff, a beneficial interest in the property in the proportion of the
plaintiff’s contribution to the purchase price. The defendant may attempt to
rebut the presumption of a resulting trust by raising a presumption of
advancement. To raise a presumption of advancement, the defendant must show,
on the nature of his relationship with the plaintiff and on the state of that
relationship, that the plaintiff may be presumed to have intended to make a
gift to the defendant. Conversely, the plaintiff may attempt to prove the
presumption of resulting trust by showing that he had no intention to gift his
financial contribution to the defendant. These principles are stated in Chan
Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048 (“Chan Yuen Lan”) at [160]; Lau Siew
Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence and another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108 at [56]–[57] and
[77]–[78].

27 The Grandson denies that the Grandmother made a financial contribution to
the purchase price of the Property. Having taken this position, he does not
seek to raise a presumption of advancement in favour of the Grandfather’s
estate because, on his case, there was nothing for the Grandmother to advance.
Accordingly, the issues of fact which arise for determination are (a) the
purchase price of the Property; and (b) whether the Grandmother made a
financial contribution to the purchase price and, if so, what the size of that
contribution is.

(1) What was the purchase price of the Property?

28 It is not disputed that the Grandfather and the Grandmother bought the
Property from one Ms Chng Mei Lien, who had in turn bought it from the
developer of the Property. The only available evidence on the purchase price
comprises two letters relating to the Grandfather’s transaction with Ms Chng.
The first is a letter dated 7 April 1967 and addressed to Ms Chng by her
solicitors. In that letter, her solicitors write to confirm that she has
agreed to sell to the Grandfather the benefit of her agreement with the
developer to buy the Property. The letter says: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents dated 27 October 2017 at p 1.

Dear Madam,

…

We write to confirm that you have signed the agreement in escrow to sell the
benefits of your agreement made between [the developer] of the one part and
yourself of the other part whereby you agreed to purchase [the Property] at
the price of $33,900/- of which a sum of $17,900/- has been paid leaving
therefore a balance of $16,000/- due and owing to [the developer].

The Deed of Assignment for the sale of benefits of the agreement between [the
developer] and yourself is in consideration of a price of $20,500/-. A sum of
$10,250/- has so far been paid to us and as agreed between yourself and the
sub-purchaser, [the Grandfather], the balance of $10,250/- would be paid to us
for you upon completion of the above property as certified by the architects.

29 The second letter is dated 21 April 1967 and is prepared by the same set of
solicitors. The letter is written to inform the developer that Ms Chng had
successfully assigned to the Grandfather the benefit of her agreement with the
developer to purchase the Property. The letter says: 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents dated 27 October 2017 at p 3.

Dear Sirs,

…

We write to inform you that the purchaser Miss Chng Mei Lien has assigned her
benefits of the agreement to [the Grandfather] and we enclose herewith a xerox
copy of the Deed of Assignment for your reference. Please note that this will
serve as authority to you to convey the property in favour of [the
Grandfather] at the price of $33,900/-.

30 The authenticity of these documents were not challenged by the Grandson,
and they make it clear that the purchase price of the Property was $36,500, as
the Grandmother claims. The letter of 7 April 1967 shows that Ms Chng had an
agreement with the developer to buy the property for $33,900, and that as at
that date, she had paid $17,900 to the developer, leaving $16,000 due. That
letter also shows that at about that time, she decided to assign the benefit
of the agreement to the Grandfather for the price of $20,500. The effect of
the assignment was that the Grandfather would acquire the Property from the
developer if he paid the developer the remaining $16,000. That is why the
letter of 21 April 1967 indicated that, the assignment having been made, the
developer was in a position to convey the Property to the Grandfather for
$33,900. Accordingly, the Grandfather acquired the property for a total sum of
$36,500, out of which $20,500 was payable to Ms Chng and $16,000 to the
developer.

(2) Did the Grandmother make a financial contribution to the purchase price
and, if so, what is its size?

31 I turn now to the main issue arising from the Grandmother’s case: whether
and to what extent she contributed to the purchase price of the Property. I
note that she has through her written submissions changed her position from
claiming 60.3% of the beneficial interest in the Property to claiming 58.9% of
it, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Grandmother’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 24 November 2017 at para
64.

due to an error she says she had made which I will explain at [36] below.
Regardless, my finding, stated briefly here, is that she has failed to prove
on a balance of probabilities that she contributed either 58.9% or 60.3% of
the purchase price. Although I do not find her lacking in credibility, I do
find that her evidence is confused and uncertain. In the total absence of
documentary evidence, the result is that I have no basis upon which to find
that she contributed a specific sum to the purchase price.

32 I begin with a general observation on the state of the evidence. This is
that the Grandmother herself accepts that her case on her contribution to the
purchase price is bereft of documentary evidence, and that all that the court
has to go on is her word. It is useful at this juncture to outline the
Grandmother’s specific case on her contribution to the purchase price. She
claims that she did so:

(a) first, by way of cash in the sum of half the compensation sum received
from the Government when it acquired the land under the zinc roof house,
although it is not clear whether the compensation sum was $5,000 or $6,000;
and

(b) second, by way of cash in the sum of $19,000, which came from:

(i) her savings from earning $92.60 or $96 a month as an amah at Alexandra
Hospital from the time she gave birth to her first child in 1951 to the time
she gave birth to her third child in 1955; 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Grandmother’s AEIC in S 274/2017 dated 31 August 2017 at paras 8–9.

(ii) her savings from collecting $20 to $30 a month from letting out six rooms
at the zinc roof house; 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Grandmother’s AEIC in S 274/2017 dated 31 August 2017 at para 10.

(iii) her savings from earning $100 a month by making and selling rice wine;
42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Grandmother’s AEIC in S 274/2017 dated 31 August 2017 at para 11.

and

(iv) money from jewellery she had pawned and money which she had borrowed from
her sister. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Grandmother’s AEIC in S 274/2017 dated 31 August 2017 at para 24(b).

33 The Grandmother accepts that there is no documentary evidence for any of
these claims. First, in respect of the compensation sum, she accepts that
there is no documentary evidence as to whether the zinc roof house was owned
jointly or, as in the case of the Property, held solely by the Grandfather. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Grandmother’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 24 November 2017 at para
42.

Regarding the substantial cash sum of $19,000, she accepts that there is no
documentary evidence, in the form of bank account statements, for example, on
how much she earned while working as an amah. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Grandmother’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 24 November 2017 at para
55.

And she accepts that there is no documentary evidence that she took a loan
from her sister and pawned their jewellery for cash to pay for the Property,
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Grandmother’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 24 November 2017 at para
57.

an assertion which was also not pleaded, although it is stated in her
affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”). 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

See Grandmother’s AEIC in S 274/2017 dated 31 August 2017 at para 24(b).

In the words of her counsel, she “acknowledges that she has no documents to
show for her case of her contributions of the $19,000”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Grandmother’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 24 November 2017 at para
58.

34 This absence of documentary evidence means that the Grandmother’s case
turns entirely on her credibility and on the cogency of her oral evidence. In
this regard, my assessment is that while she was an honest and forthcoming
witness, her evidence was confused and ultimately unreliable. Having observed
her on the stand, I saw that she had no hesitation in accepting that there was
no documentary evidence for many of the claims that she made. Understandably,
she emphasised that the events relating to the purchase of the Property took
place many years ago, and that the documents from that time, even if there
were any, were no longer available.

35 The Grandson is correct to point out, however, that on issues which were
crucial to Grandmother’s case on the amount of her contributions, she either
took inconsistent positions 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Grandson’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 21 November 2017 at para
36.

or was simply unable to recall what had happened. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Grandson’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 21 November 2017 at para
38.

In my judgment, these inconsistencies and gaps in her memory diminished the
reliability of her evidence and made it difficult for me to make any finding
on the exact sum she contributed to the purchase price. This is fatal to her
case on a purchase price resulting trust.

36 First, she has been inconsistent on the proportion of the beneficial
interest in the Property to which she claims to be entitled. In her pleadings,
she uses the figure of 60.3%: see [17] above. In her AEIC, she uses the figure
of 58.9%. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Grandmother’s AEIC in S 274/2017 dated 31 August 2017 at para 28.

During cross-examination, she confirmed that the figure of 60.3% was correct.
52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Certified Transcript, 8 November 2017, p 13 at line 10.

She was not able to explain why the figures in her pleadings and in her AEIC
were different. In her written submissions, she now adopts the figure of
58.9%. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Grandmother’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 24 November 2017 at para
62.

This is because, she says, she had mistaken the amount of compensation
received from the Government to be $6,000 when it was allegedly only $5,000.
Accordingly, her share of the sum, which she contributed to the purchase of
the Property, had also to be reduced, and that reduction meant that she
contributed only 58.9% and not 60.3% of the purchase price.

37 Second, she has been inconsistent on the amount of compensation that she
and the Grandfather allegedly received from the Government. In her pleadings,
she says the amount was $6,000. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Statement of Claim dated 28 March 2017 at para 12.

In her AEIC, she says the amount was $5,000. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Grandmother’s AEIC in S 274/2017 dated 31 August 2017 at para 18.

On the first day of cross-examination, she confirmed that it was $6,000. When
Mr Low pointed out to her that this was inconsistent with the figure in her
AEIC, she suggested that the difference of $1,000 was not important. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Certified Transcript, 8 November 2017, p 12 at lines 5–6.

Then during re-examination the next day, she said that she had thought about
the issue the whole night and that $5,000 was the correct figure. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Certified Transcript, 9 November 2017, p 11 at lines 14–15.

38 Third, she has been inconsistent on the amount of her salary at the time
she worked as an amah. In her pleadings, she said that she earned $96 a month.
58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Statement of Claim dated 28 March 2017 at para 6.

In her AEIC, she said that she earned $92.60 a month. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Grandmother’s AEIC in S 274/2017 dated 31 August 2017 at para 9.

When the trial began, Mr Johnny Seah made an oral application to amend the
figure stated in the AEIC to $96. However, when Mr Seah then attempted to
confirm the effect of this amendment with her while she was on the stand, she
said that $92.60 was the correct figure. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Certified Transcript, 8 November 2017, p 5 at lines 17–21.

39 Fourth, although she has no evidence or other testimony to support her
contention that she earned $100 a month from rice wine, this cottage industry
appeared to have been more lucrative than her full time employment (which was
$96 a month at its highest) or the rental of six rooms which was put at $30 at
its highest. A comparison of these various figures, without accompanying
explanation, may suggest some inaccuracy in memory.

40 Lastly, she could not recall how much money she had borrowed from her
sister or how much money she had obtained by pawning jewellery belonging to
her and her sister in order to pay for the Property. This may be seen from the
following exchange during her cross-examination: 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Certified Transcript, 8 November 2017, p 25 at lines 18–23.

Q Insofar as you have mentioned, that there was a loan from your sister, how
much was that amount?

A I can’t remember. I can’t remember how much I borrowed from my elder sister,
but there was insufficient fund, so I think she also used her jewellery and
the jewelleries were pawned to make up the amount. It has been a long time
ago, I can’t remember all the details.

41 To be clear, I think it is quite explicable, considering the Grandmother’s
age, for her to take inconsistent positions and to be unable to remember how
she was able to contribute to the purchase price of the Property. I am willing
to attribute these weaknesses in her evidence to the fact that the Property
was purchased five decades ago, and that her memory has faded since, and that
any documentation from that time is very likely now to be unavailable or at
least limited. In this regard, I echo the observations of V K Rajah JA in Chan
Yuen Lan ([26] supra) at [63]–[64]:

Fourth, and as adverted to by the Judge … the oral testimony of Mdm Chan was
not very helpful to the court as she had lost most, if not all, of her memory
of the relevant events which transpired. Her common refrain in cross-
examination was that she had forgotten or did not know what had happened at
the material time. This is not, of course, meant to be a criticism of her in
any way.

Mdm Chan’s memory deficit underscores the fifth point that we wish to make
here, which is that the events surrounding the Purchase took place some three
decades earlier. That was a very long time ago. It was therefore
understandable that the documentary evidence in this case was not complete.
That said, we note that some potentially vital evidence was not adduced
(whether due to the effluxion of time or to other reasons).

[emphasis in original]

42 Nevertheless, as the plaintiff, she bears the burden of proof. Although the
difficulties in her evidence are benign in this sense, they pose a serious
obstacle to the court’s accepting her case. That is because all the court has
now is (a) a complete absence of documentary evidence on the fact and extent
of her contribution; and (b) evidence on the same given by her which is
internally inconsistent and lacking in detail in material respects. In Chan
Yuen Lan, there was at least a handwritten note contemporaneous with the
purchase of the property in 1983 which listed the sources of the money which
went towards the purchase price, and that list stated that the party who was
asserting a resulting trust had contributed a specific figure of $290,000; the
defendant did not dispute that the plaintiff had this amount of money and
sought only to argue that she had advanced it as a loan: see Chan Yuen Lan at
[18], [25] and [76]. In contrast, there is no documentary evidence in the
present case to show that the Grandmother had contributed $22,000 (assuming
the compensation sum was $6,000) or $21,500 (assuming the compensation sum was
$5,000) to the purchase price of the Property.

43 This absence of documentary evidence is also the reason I reject the
contention put forward by counsel for the Grandmother, Mr Tan Siah Yong, that
she would have, by 1967, saved an amount of $11,000 to $12,000. This is pure
conjecture. Mr Tan’s calculation consists simply in (a) a summation of her
wholly undocumented earnings from working as an amah, selling rice wine, and
letting out rooms at the zinc house (see [32(b)] above); and (b) an
application of a discount of 50% to that total sum on the assumption – which
is unpleaded and not stated in her AEIC – that she would save 50% of her total
earnings. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Grandmother’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 24 November 2017 at
paras 50–52.

There is simply no objective basis for any aspect of this calculation.

44 In my judgment, therefore, the Grandmother has failed to satisfy me on the
balance of probabilities that she contributed 60.3% or 58.9% of the purchase
price of the Property. The result is that there is no purchase price resulting
trust.

Issue 3: Common intention constructive trust

45 I turn now to the Grandmother’s alternative case. To establish a common
intention constructive trust in the context of two parties who have
contributed unequal amounts towards the purchase price of a property, it must
be shown that the parties had a common intention, which may subsist at or
subsequent to the time the property was acquired, that the property would be
held (a) on trust for both parties and (b) in a certain proportion. Such an
intention may be expressed or inferred, but it may not be imputed. Evidence of
such intention must be sufficient and compelling. These principles are stated
in Chan Yuen Lan ([26] supra) at [160(b)] and [160(f)], and restated in Su
Emmanuel v Emmanuel Priya Ethel Anne and another [2016] 3 SLR 1222 (“Su
Emmanuel”) at [83]. On what is “compelling evidence”, the Court of Appeal in
Chan Yuen Lan at [114] referred to Lord Neuberger’s explanation of the term in
Stack v Dowden [2007] 2 AC 432 (“Stack”) at [138]–[139]:

… in [Lord Neuberger’s] view, such an alteration of the quantification of each
party’s share of the beneficial interest required “compelling evidence”, which
would normally involve “discussions, statements or actions, subsequent to the
acquisition, from which an agreement or common understanding as to such change
[could] properly be inferred” (see Stack at [138]), although he appeared to
accept that it was possible to infer a common intention to alter a party’s
share of the beneficial interest if that party carried out “significant
improvements to the home” (see Stack at [139]).

46 The burden is therefore on the Grandmother to prove, on a balance of
probabilities, that she and the Grandfather had a common intention, either
subsisting at the time of the purchase of the Property in 1967 or arising
after that, that the Grandfather hold a certain proportion of the beneficial
interest in the Property on trust for her.

47 In my judgment, the Grandmother’s case on common intention constructive
trust must fail, for two reasons. First, her case was not pleaded with
sufficient particularity. In my view, it is at least arguable that this was
prejudicial to the Grandson as a defendant, and the consequence of this is
that she cannot be permitted to rely on a common intention constructive trust.
Secondly and more fundamentally, even if that aspect of her case were held to
be sufficiently pleaded, the evidence is insufficient to establish, and is in
fact contrary to, the existence of a common intention between her and the
Grandfather, subsisting at any time, that the Grandfather would hold some part
of the beneficial interest of the Property on trust for her. I now elaborate.

(1) Is the Grandmother’s case on common intention constructive trust pleaded
with sufficient particularity?

48 It is well-established that for a pleading not to be embarrassing, it
should state those facts which will put those against whom it is directed on
their guard, and tell them what is the case which they will have to meet:
Philipps v Philipps (1878) 4 QBD 127, cited in Foo Chee Hock (gen ed),
Singapore Civil Procedure 2018 Volume 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 2018) at para
18/7/12. This requirement is implicit in the requirement in O 18 r 7(1) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2014 Ed) that every pleading must contain in a
summary form the “material facts” on which the party pleading relies for his
claim. “Material” means necessary for the purpose of formulating a complete
cause of action, and if any one material statement is omitted, the statement
of claim is bad: Bruce v Odhams Press Ltd [1936] 1 KB 697 at 712 per Scott LJ,
approved by the Singapore High Court in Multi-Pak Singapore Pte Ltd (in
receivership) v Intraco Ltd and others [1992] 2 SLR(R) 382 at [29]. And even
if the facts are not material to the cause of action, they may be facts in
issue at the trial, and they would therefore be material facts that must be
pleaded to avoid surprise at trial: see Millington v Loring (1881) 6 QBD 190
at 195 per Lord Selborne LC.

49 The issue therefore is whether the Grandmother has pleaded the material
facts in relation to the existence of a common intention constructive trust.
Her reliance on this doctrine is stated in just one paragraph in her Statement
of Claim: 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Statement of Claim dated 28 March 2017 at para 24.

Further or in the alternative the Plaintiff says that by reason of the ma
tters set out under the circumstance there was a common intention constructive
trust between her and the [Grandfather] when so purchasing the Property as a
matrimonial home with the continual use and occupation of the Property based
on the Plaintiff’s 60.3% of his beneficial interest over the Property.

50 It will be observed, firstly, that nothing is directly said about the
substance of the common intention which the Grandmother shared with the
Grandfather. Second, nothing is pleaded about any discussion, statement or
action (in the words of Lord Neuberger in Stack at [138], approved by the
Court of Appeal in Chan Yuen Lan at [114]: see [45] above) which forms the
basis of the Grandmother’s allegation that she and the Grandfather share any
common intention. Third, the use of the phrase “by reason of the matters set
out” is vague and unhelpful because the matters set out before that paragraph
in her pleading comprises the entirety of her narration of the background of
their family, the loss of the zinc roof house, the Grandmother’s alleged
contribution to the purchase price of the Property, and the setting up of the
Grandfather’s watch business. It is unclear which of these facts are regarded
by the Grandmother as relevant to her claim on common intention constructive
trust. And in so far as all of them are pleaded as relevant, it is unclear how
they are relevant.

51 I note that the paragraph could be construed as saying that (a) the
Grandmother and the Grandfather had a common intention that the Grandfather
would hold the beneficial interest in the Property on trust for himself and
the Grandmother; (b) that common intention existed at the time the Property
was purchased (note the words “when so purchasing the Property”); and (c) the
substance of the common intention was that the Grandfather would hold 60.3% of
the beneficial interest in the Property on trust for her because that is the
proportion of her contribution to the purchase price (note the words “based on
the Plaintiff’s 60.3% interest”). But even if this interpretation were taken,
the point remains that nothing is pleaded about any discussion, statement or
action that forms the basis for inferring the existence of such an intention.

52 Furthermore, this construction of her pleading does not represent the case
which she is now advancing on common intention constructive trust. She now
submits that she and the Grandfather “had a common intention that the
[Grandmother] would be a beneficial co-owner of equal share (50% interest) in
the Property”. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Grandmother’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 24 November 2017 at para
87.

And she contends that this intention may be inferred by their conduct “both
before and after the acquisition of the Property”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Grandmother’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 24 November 2017 at para
99.

In my view, this is a clear departure from her pleaded case. Nothing in her
pleadings states that the intention was for her to have a 50% share in the
beneficial interest of the Property. And nothing in her pleadings states that
such intention may be inferred from conduct before and after the purchase of
the Property. In any event, I find that there is no evidence to establish a
common intention constructive trust. I turn now to discuss this.

(2) Did the Grandfather and the Grandmother have a common intention?

53 In brief, I agree with the Grandson that the Grandmother has failed to
provide sufficient evidence to show that she and the Grandfather had a common
intention, whether at the time of the purchase of the Property in 1967 or at
any time after that, that the Grandfather would hold the beneficial interest
in the Property in a manner other than what is reflected in the Property’s
title deed. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Grandson’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 21 November 2017 at para
62.

My reasons are as follows.

54 First, she has adduced no evidence of any discussion between her and the
Grandfather on the ownership of the Property at or around the time of its
purchase in 1967. Her evidence, instead, is that it was the Grandfather who
“handled the matter”, 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Grandmother’s AEIC in S 274/2017 dated 31 August 2017 at para 22.

that “[a]t that time parties thought nothing of whose names the Property was
to be purchased under”, 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Grandmother’s AEIC in S 274/2017 dated 31 August 2017 at para 25.

and that she was “not told by [the Grandfather] that the Property was
purchased in his sole name”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Grandmother’s AEIC in S 274/2017 dated 31 August 2017 at para 26.

It appears therefore that she did not apply her mind at that time to who truly
owned the Property and, if that is so, it is very unlikely that she and the
Grandfather then had any common intention on how the beneficial interest of
the Property would be held.

55 Second, she has adduced no evidence to show that she and the Grandfather
had any discussions on the ownership of the Property after 1967.

56 Third, her own evidence on events occurring after 1967 shows that the
Grandfather was fully aware of the implications of placing a property in a
person’s name. He was intentional about whom he wished to benefit through the
properties he owned, and he would, according to the Grandmother, agree with
her on how those wishes would be carried out by conveying the property into
the names of specific children. Against this background, it is difficult to
say that the Grandfather’s sole legal title to the Property did not truly
reflect his intention with regard to who was entitled to the Property’s
beneficial interest. And it is also difficult to reconcile the Grandmother’s
claim to the Property with the complete absence of any evidence or assertion
on her part that they had discussed or agreed that some proportion of the
beneficial interest of the Property belonged to her. The following are the
relevant parts of the Grandmother’s evidence which bear out these points.

(a) In an affidavit filed in the suit commenced by the Eldest Son in 2015
against the Grandmother concerning the ownership of a commercial property (see
[13] above), the Grandmother explained the practice that she and the
Grandfather adopted in allocating the benefit of their commercial properties:
70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Grandson’s Supplemental Bundle of Documents, p 155 at paras 5(1)–5(4).

(1) At all material times, my late Husband and myself would agree/decide what
properties to buy and how they are to be used/dealt with and although the
properties we bought include our children’s names, they are/were merely our
nominees and they held the properties in trust for both my late Husband and
me.

(2) One such property is … which was bought in the names of my late Husband
[ie, the Grandfather] and [the Second Son].

(3) Another property … was bought in the names of my late Husband and our 2
sons, [the Second Son and the Fourth Son] and upon sale, the sale proceeds
were all taken by my late Husband who will decide what he wants to do with the
sale proceeds as the children are/were all our nominees and they held their
shares or interest in the properties in trust for my late Husband and me.

…

(b) Next, the Grandmother’s evidence is that she believed that the Property
was intended to benefit the Fourth Son only, which by implication excludes
herself. That is why she said during cross-examination that she was surprised
when she found out that the Grandfather had named the Grandson as a
beneficiary as well: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Certified Transcript, 8 November 2017, p 16 at line 28 to p 17 at line 3.

Q … This is where you then go on to say at paragraph 55 [of the Grandmother’s
AEIC]:

[Reads] “I then discovered that the Deceased” … “had willed the Property to
the Defendant and my younger son in equal shares.”

So, again, does this help give her context as to when she found out about the
will giving the property at 102 Farrer Road in equal shares to the grandson
and her son?

A When---the house was intended for my son [the Fourth Son]. I didn’t know he
willed it to also my grandson.

(c) On the second day of cross-examination, the Grandmother affirmed that
answer and explained how the division of the family’s assets between her
children had already been decided:

Q Now do you recall that in your cross-examination, you gave an answer when
your---when you and your husband bought [the Property], it was intended for
your younger son? Do you remember giving that evidence yesterday?

A Yes.

Q Now your answer would appear to suggest, how about your other children?

A No, already decided long ago. Can I say something?

Q You can explain what is your---why you say that.

A The---for the division of the properties and each person would have a share.
And Malaysia property, the condominium would be for the eldest son so the
eldest son would not have any share of proper---for the Singapore properties.
And at that time he was very sick, that’s why he said that it would be given
to the other children. …

57 This evidence suggests to me that if there had been any common intention
between the Grandfather and the Grandmother that part of the beneficial
interest in the Property belonged to her, it would have easy for the
Grandmother to say, simply and directly, that there was such an intention. But
she did not say this in her pleadings or her AEIC, and her oral testimony
contradicted any such intention.

58 Finally, the objective evidence, in the form of the will, 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents dated 27 October 2017 at p 90.

is evidence that the Grandfather did not think that he held any portion of the
beneficial interest in the Property on trust for the Grandmother. It was
drafted on the assumption that the Grandfather was the sole legal and
beneficial owner of the Property, and it expresses his intention that his
youngest son and his eldest grandson share in the proceeds of the sale of the
Property. No suggestion has been made that the will is not to be taken at face
value.

59 Having considered the evidence, I find that the Grandmother had the
assumption, before the will was discovered, that the Property would belong to
the Fourth Son, with whom she was living and today still lives. Nothing in her
own evidence suggests that she expected that she had a share in the Property.
As the Fourth Son lived with her, she would then have had an expectation,
arising from that assumption, that she would continue to live in the Property
after the Grandfather died. That is quite different from sharing a common
intention, with the Grandfather, that she would be entitled to 50% or 60.3% of
the beneficial interest in the Property. She has failed to prove that there
was ever such an intention and, for this reason, her claim on common intention
constructive trust must fail.

Issue 4: Proprietary estoppel

60 Next, the Grandmother in her closing submissions for the first time in
these proceedings advances a case based on proprietary estoppel. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Grandmother’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 24 November 2017 at para
116.

I have no hesitation in rejecting it on the ground that it is not pleaded. In
V Nithia (co-administratrix of the estate of Ponnusamy Sivapakiam, deceased) v
Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam and another [2015] 5 SLR 1422, the Court of
Appeal held that the trial judge had erred in allowing the plaintiff’s claim
on the ground of proprietary estoppel when that cause of action had not been
pleaded and the plaintiff’s case had been one based principally on a purchase
price resulting trust. In this regard, the Court of Appeal noted that the
words “proprietary estoppel” did not have to be specifically pleaded, but the
material facts supporting each element of the cause of action had to be. The
Court said at [43]:

The Judge was of the view that the words “proprietary estoppel” did not have
to be specifically pleaded. We agree, except that if such a cause of action is
to be relied on, the pleadings should at the very least disclose the material
facts which would support such a claim, so as to give the opponent fair notice
of the substance of such a case, especially in a claim based on proprietary
estoppel. … [emphasis in original]

61 After examining the relevant part of the respondent’s pleadings, the Court
said at [46]:

In our view, the aforesaid paragraphs do not support a claim based on
proprietary estoppel but one based on a resulting trust. The 1st Respondent
did not plead that the Deceased encouraged him to obtain an advance from
Govindasamy or to repay Govindasamy on the understanding that he would have a
beneficial interest in the Property. There was no promise, reliance or
detriment alleged in these paragraphs. [emphasis added]

62 In my judgment, the Court’s observation in that last sentence which I have
italicised applies squarely to this case. The elements of proprietary estoppel
are (a) a representation on the part of the party against whom the estoppel is
sought to be raised; (b) reliance on the representation on the part of the
party seeking to raise the estoppel; and (c) detriment suffered by that party
as a result of his reliance: Hong Leong Singapore Finance Ltd v United
Overseas Bank Ltd [2007] 1 SLR(R) 292 at [170] per Sundaresh Menon JC (as the
Chief Justice then was). In my view, nowhere in the Grandmother’s pleadings is
it stated that the Grandfather had made a representation to her and, if so,
what the substance of the representation was. Neither is it stated that the
Grandmother relied on any such representation by taking or forbearing to take
any action, much less suffering any detriment, in consequence of her believing
the truth of the representation.

63 The Grandmother now submits that the Grandfather and the Grandmother had
“discussions” on whether the Property should be acquired and how it might be
mortgaged to finance the family’s business, and that these discussions in some
way constituted the Grandfather’s “representations” to the Grandmother that he
intended her to have beneficial interests in the Property. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Grandmother’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 24 November 2017 at para
119.

She further submits that she relied on these representations to her detriment
by, among other things, spending money, time and effort on the maintenance of
the household. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Grandmother’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 24 November 2017 at para
122.2.

I reject these submissions. None of these facts were pleaded and, in so far as
they were, they were not framed as occurring as a result of the Grandmother’s
reliance on any representation that she had perceived the Grandfather to have
made. Correspondingly, the Grandson cannot be said to have been given a fair
opportunity to cross-examine her on her evidence relating to what she now
alleges to be the representation, reliance and detriment that establishes a
proprietary estoppel. Accordingly, to allow the Grandmother now to rely on
proprietary estoppel would be prejudicial to the Grandson, and I therefore do
not permit her to do so. For this reason, her claim on proprietary estoppel
must fail.

Issue 5: Grandmother’s right of abode

64 The final aspect of the Grandmother’s case in the Suit is that even if she
does not have a beneficial interest in the Property and even if there is no
proprietary estoppel, she still has a right to occupy the Property.
Unfortunately, Mr Tan characterises this right in confusing terms. First, he
calls it a right that is “akin to a licence coupled with an equity”. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Grandmother’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 24 November 2017 at para
132.

Then, he says that her “right of abode” is a “greater right than that of a
licence”, and that it must be satisfied by the Grandfather’s estate “such that
she has the right to continual occupation of the Property”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Grandmother’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 24 November 2017 at para
132.

65 Mr Tan in his submissions appears to suggest a number of bases, at the
level of principle, for the existence of such a right. These include (a) a
wife’s right of occupation as against her husband, as recognised in the House
of Lords’ decision in National Provincial Bank Ltd v Ainsworth [1965] AC 1175
(“Ainsworth”); 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Grandmother’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 24 November 2017 at para
134.

(b) the fact that the legislature by s 46(1) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353,
2009 Rev Ed) recognises the “intuitive expectation and moral obligation that
spouses are to maintain each other, including providing for their
accommodation”; 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Grandmother’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 24 November 2017 at
paras 137.2 and 137.3.

and (c) the idea that it is “unthinkable” that a wife’s right to occupy her
matrimonial home terminates upon the natural death of her husband. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Grandmother’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 24 November 2017 at para
137.8.

66 It seems to me that Mr Tan is referring either to what is known in England
as the “deserted wife’s equity”, which was indeed addressed by the House of
Lords in Ainsworth, or to a licence coupled with an equity, which English
decisions like Binions and another v Evans [1972] Ch 359 (“Binions”) (on which
the Grandmother relies) have recognised as giving rise to a right of
occupation that is enforceable against third parties. I shall therefore
consider whether, on the ground of either of these two lines of authority, the
Grandmother does in fact have a right to occupy the Property which is
enforceable against the Grandson.

(1) Deserted wife’s equity

67 The question whether a widow has a right to occupy property which used to
be the matrimonial home does not appear to be a question that the Singapore
courts have addressed before. Professor Leong Wai Kum (see Elements of Family
Law in Singapore (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2013) at p 496) is of the view, and
parties appear to accept, that Ainsworth represents the position at common law
in Singapore. In Ainsworth, the House of Lords held that a spouse’s right to
occupy the matrimonial home was a “mere equity” and not an equitable interest,
and that it was determinable at the discretion of the court. It was held to be
an equity which arises under family law and enforceable only against the other
spouse, not against third parties. It therefore has no proprietary effect.

68 It is important to note that in Ainsworth at 1224C, Lord Hodson observed
that the deserted wife’s equity “would not survive divorce”. That is no doubt
because the equity is a family law right, and family law ceases to apply, so
to speak, once the marriage is no longer subsisting, which would be the case
when the parties have divorced. The same situation arises when the other
spouse dies. The marriage will by that spouse’s death have terminated, and
there will no longer remain any juridical basis for the common law to
recognise the claimant spouse’s right to occupy what used to be the
matrimonial home. Once the spousal status disappears by virtue of the
marriage’s dissolution in a given case, there is no longer any reason for
common law to regard the claimant as a deserted “wife”. Correspondingly, she
therefore cannot be held to possess a deserted wife’s equity. Accordingly, in
the present case, the Grandmother can rely on no such equity now because the
Grandfather has passed away.

69 Notwithstanding the position at common law, I note that in England, the
Family Law Act 1996 (c 27) (UK) and its predecessors confer on a spouse or
civil partner what has been called “a judicially protected right of
occupation”: Richards v Richards [1984] AC 174 at 211A–B per Lord Scarman; see
generally Charles Harpum, Stuart Bridge & Martin Dixon, Megarry & Wade: The
Law of Real Property (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2012) (“Megarry & Wade”) at
paras 34-023–34-024. The 1996 Act gives a spouse the right (a) not to be
evicted from occupation; and (b) to enter and occupy with leave of the court.
These rights are referred to as statutory matrimonial home rights and may be
made enforceable against third parties by register entry. They may be brought
to an end by the death of the other spouse, among other things. The court has
the power to extend such a right even after the death of the spouse, although
the application for such extension must be made during the marriage: see ss
33(5) and 33(9) of the 1996 Act. In exercising that power, the court must have
regard to all the circumstances of the case, including the housing needs and
resources of the spouse and any relevant child: see ss 33(6) and 33(8) of the
1996 Act.

70 It is significant that the protections afforded by the 1996 Act are partly
a legacy of the concern in the wake of Ainsworth that the strict rules of
property law had left without remedy deserted wives to whom injustice had been
occasioned: see Megarry & Wade at para 34-022. This type of concern – over
potential injustice arising from applying the strict rules of property law to
familial situations – was also what motivated the majority in Stack ([45]
supra) to hold that the starting point for jointly owned matrimonial homes was
that each party has an equal share of the beneficial interest under a common
intention constructive trust: see Stack at [4]–[5] per Lord Hope of Craighead
and [56] per Baroness Hale of Richmond. The Singapore Court of Appeal has
expressed disapproval of this approach in Chan Yuen Lan ([26] supra). Agreeing
with Lord Neuberger’s minority opinion in Stack, the Court considered that the
resulting trust should be the default analytical tool in the absence of proof
of common intention between the parties as to how the beneficial interest in
the property concerned is to be held (at [153] and [158]). The Court
acknowledged that this would “lead to outcomes which some people may perceive
as ‘unfair’ in certain cases”, but was “of the view that subjective fairness
may not be the most appropriate yardstick to apply in resolving property
disputes” (at [159]).

71 Against this backdrop, it may be said that a legislative response similar
to the 1996 Act may be apt in Singapore, all the more because our
jurisprudence has expressly taken a different path from Stack (although Stack
would have been of no assistance to the Grandmother either in the case at hand
because she was not a joint legal owner of the Property). It could be said to
be somewhat inequitable, or even perverse, that a marriage of 65 years, out of
which 50 were spent in the matrimonial home, could have resulted in a more
equitable outcome if dissolved by divorce rather than death.

(2) Licence coupled with an equity

72 I turn now to consider whether the Grandmother’s asserted right to occupy
the Property may be supported by reference to the concept of a licence coupled
with an equity. The orthodox position at common law was that a contractual
licence did not bind the licensor’s successors in title because a licence was
a personal transaction which created no proprietary interest in land. In
England, there gradually emerged a view, advanced by Lord Denning, that a
constructive trust would be imposed whenever a purchaser takes property
subject to a contractual licence: see Binions at 368B per Lord Denning MR and
DHN Food Distributors Ltd and others v London Borough of Tower Hamlets [1976]
3 All ER 462 at 467a per Lord Denning MR. The English Court of Appeal then
restored the law to its orthodox position in Ashburn Anstalt v Arnold and
another [1989] Ch 1 (“Ashburn Anstalt”), where it was held that a contractual
licence did not create an interest in land (at 25E–G per Fox LJ). The court
also held that although a constructive trust might be imposed on a transferee
of land in respect of an interest affecting that land which would not
otherwise bind him (eg, a licence), it would do so only where the transferee’s
conscience was affected: Ashburn Anstalt at 25H per Fox LJ.

73 Although there is no Singapore decision which discusses and rationalises
this line of cases with reference to the specific issue of whether a
contractual licence is capable of binding third parties, the Court of Appeal
has by way of obiter dicta in Guy Neale and others v Ku De Ta SG Pte Ltd
[2015] 4 SLR 283 (“Guy Neale”) endorsed the position set out in Ashburn
Anstalt. Sundaresh Menon CJ, delivering the court’s judgment, wrote the
following in the context of cautioning against importing into trade mark law
principles derived from land law (at [80]):

A licence in respect of land, which is personal in nature, will generally not
bind a purchaser of land even if that purchaser had notice of the licence,
though admittedly, this has limits: thus, a court of equity will not permit
such a purchaser to deny the licensee his rights if his conscience had been so
affected that it would be inequitable to allow him to do so and a constructive
trust will be imposed to uphold the rights of the licensee (Ashburn Anstalt v
Arnold [1989] Ch 1 (“Ashburn”) at 25–27). [emphasis in original]

74 Bearing in mind these principles, I note that Mr Tan purports to rely on
the principle in Binions and other similar cases to establish that the
Grandmother has a licence coupled with an equity which gives her the right to
occupy the Property. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Grandmother’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 24 November 2017 at
paras 137.14–137.15.

Two observations are due in this regard. First, no analysis is provided in Mr
Tan’s submissions on the specific requirements of the principle in Binions and
on how the Grandmother’s case satisfies those requirements. Second, there is
no discussion on whether Binions represents the position in Singapore even
though in England it has been confined by Ashburn Anstalt, which has in turn
received obiter approval from the Court of Appeal in Guy Neale.

75 Moreover, to the extent that Mr Tan is suggesting that the Grandson’s
conscience has been affected and that he is therefore bound by the
Grandmother’s licence to remain in the Property, the facts relied upon
supporting such a suggestion are the same as the facts which go towards her
claim on proprietary estoppel. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Grandmother’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 24 November 2017 at
paras 137.10–137.11.

As I have said (at [62]–[63] above), those facts have not been pleaded with
sufficient particularity in reference to a claim based on proprietary
estoppel. That is also true with reference to a claim based on a licence
coupled with an equity. Therefore, it would be prejudicial to the Grandson if
I were to allow the Grandmother to rely on the existence of a contractual
licence creating an estoppel or a constructive trust to support her asserted
right to occupy the Property.

76 For these reasons, I hold that the Grandmother’s right to abode cannot be
supported on the ground that she has a licence coupled with an equity.

Conclusion on the Suit

77 For all the reasons above, I dismiss the Suit.

The Probate Application

78 Turning now to the Probate Application, I begin by setting out that part of
the Grandfather’s will that relates to the Property and the orders that the
Grandson has applied for. The will states: 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Grandson’s Affidavit in OSP 9/2016 dated 6 May 2016 at p 86.

2\. I APPOINT [the Fourth Son] and [the Grandson] to be the executors and
trustees of this my Will (hereinafter called “my Trustees”). In subsequent
clauses of this my Will the expression “my Trustees” shall include the trustee
or trustees of this my Will for the time being whether original, additional or
substitute.

3\. I GIVE all my property known as [the Property] to my Trustees upon trust
to sell call in and convert the same into money (with power to postpone such
sale calling in and conversion for so long as they think fit without being
responsible for any consequent loss) and after payment of my just debts
funeral and testamentary expenses and taxes arising out of or due at my death
my Trustee shall stand possessed of the net proceeds of such sale calling in
and conversion UPON TRUST for the said [the Fourth Son] and [the Grandson] in
equal shares absolutely.

79 Under the Probate Application, the Grandson applies for the following
orders: 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Originating Summons (Probate) No 9 of 2016 dated 6 May 2016.

1\. A declaration that paragraph 3 of the Last Will and Testament of [the
Grandfather] dated 29 October 2002 (“Will”) creates a trust for sale of [the
Property] and [the Grandson], in his capacity as sole executor of the Will /
estate of [the Grandfather], must sell and covert the same.

2\. A declaration that [the Grandson] is and shall continue to act in his
capacity as the sole executor of the Will / estate of [the Grandfather] until
after the just debts, funeral and testamentary expenses and taxes of the
estate have been paid and the legacies distributed to the beneficiaries under
the Will.

3\. An order that the Property be sold with vacant possession by [the
Grandson], in his capacity as the sole executor of the Will / estate of [the
Grandfather], henceforth at any time in his sole discretion without being
responsible for any consequent loss and on such conditions as this Honourable
Court deems fit.

4\. An order that [the Grandmother, the Second Son and the Fourth Son] shall
within 7 calendar days from the date of the order to be made herein provide a
set of keys to the Property to [the Grandson] with respect to the sale of the
Property and allow the Property to be accessed by [the Grandson], his property
agents, any prospective purchasers and/or any parties involved in the same.

5\. An order that [the Grandmother, the Second Son and the Fourth Son] will
deliver up vacant possession of the Property to the [the Grandson] within 3
months of the execution of an option to purchase by a prospective purchaser of
the Property or such reasonable time as this Honourable Court deems fit.

6\. An order that [the Grandmother, the Second Son and the Fourth Son] shall
within 14 calendar days from the date of the order to be made herein provide
the [the Grandson] with the Certificate of Title to the Property or provide
written confirmation by way of statutory declarations that they have
undertaken reasonable efforts and have been unable to locate the same.

7\. An order that the [the Grandmother, the Second Son and the Fourth Son]
shall within 14 days from the date of the order to be made herein provide [the
Grandson] with any and all documents relating to the assets and liabilities of
[the Grandfather], and in particular, the documents that [the Grandmother, the
Second Son and the Fourth Son] have obtained from [the Grandfather’s] room in
the Property.

8\. An order that [the Grandson] be allowed and granted a commission of not
less than 1% of the sale price of the Property and that such commission form
part of the testamentary expenses payable by the estate of [the Grandfather].

The parties’ positions

80 The essence of what the Grandson seeks by these eight prayers, in terms of
practical effect, is the court’s endorsement of his authority to sell the
Property immediately without the consent of the Fourth Son. That will in turn
give him the right to seek an order for the sale of the property, and orders
that procure the cooperation of the people currently occupying the Property to
facilitate its sale. Such authority is said to inhere in his capacity as sole
executor of the Grandfather’s estate. Accordingly, the Grandson seeks
specifically to be characterised as such by an order of court. In addition, he
seeks to be declared not to have stepped into the shoes of a trustee under the
will. That is because if he were acting as a trustee, he would have no power
to sell the Property by himself: By s 15(3) of the Trustees Act (Cap 337, 2005
Rev Ed) (“the Act”), the proceeds of sale arising under a trust of land cannot
be paid to fewer than two trustees, and the Grandson accepts this to be the
position in law. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Grandson’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 21 November 2017 at para
113(b).

In this regard, the Grandson takes the position that the will does create a
trust for the sale of the Property. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Grandson’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 21 November 2017 at para
93.

Finally, the Grandson asks to be paid a commission of 1% to 2.5% of the assets
collected for expenses incurred in administering the Grandfather’s estate.

81 The Grandmother accepts that the Grandson, as executor of the Grandfather’s
estate, is entitled to sell the Property in his sole discretion, and that he
need not act together with the Fourth Son to do so. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Grandmother’s Reply Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 30 November 2017 at paras
93–95.

She takes the view that the grant of probate recognises the Grandson as
executor and “therefore he has the right to sell and act alone”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Grandmother’s Reply Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 30 November 2017 at para
95.

The Grandmother also does not contest the view that the Grandfather’s will
created a trust for sale of the Property. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Grandmother’s Reply Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 30 November 2017 at para
101.

However, she argues that in the event that she is determined to have no
beneficial interest in the Property – as indeed I have concluded – I should
exercise my “equitable jurisdiction” to “postpone the sale of the Property
until such time where [the Grandmother] passes on”. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Grandmother’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 24 November 2017 at para
216.

She also contends that the Grandson is not entitled to commission because the
assets of the Grandfather have yet to be collected. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Grandmother’s Reply Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 30 November 2017 at para
104.

Issues to be determined

82 Having regard to the parties’ positions on the Probate Application, and to
the terms of the orders prayed for, I consider there to be three broad issues
for determination:

(a) First, does the Grandson have independent authority to sell the Property?
The Grandmother does not dispute this point; her point, rather, is that the
prayers requested are unnecessary. As I have received the Grandson’s
submissions on the issue, I will set out my views on it, with a focus on the
issue of whether the Grandson is now acting in his capacity as sole executor
or as trustee of the Grandfather’s estate.

(b) Second, may the court order the Property to be sold and, if so, should it?
In particular, does the court have a discretion to postpone the sale of the
Property and, if so, should it be exercised in the Grandmother’s favour?

(c) Third, should the Grandson be awarded a commission of 1% to 2.5% on the
assets collected?

83 For the reasons below, I hold that the Grandson has independent authority
to sell the Property and I give orders to facilitate his doing so. His claim
for commission is, however, premature. I will deal with each issue in turn
before setting out the appropriate orders to be granted.

Issue 1: Grandson’s authority to sell the Property

(1) Applicable principles

84 An executor as a personal representative of a deceased person has vested in
him the entire ownership of the deceased’s estate which he holds in auter
droit for the purposes of administration: John Ross Martyn & Nicholas Caddick,
Williams, Mortimer and Sunnucks on Executors, Administrators and Probate
(Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2013) (“Williams, Mortimer and Sunnucks”) at para
57-06. He holds such property without any differentiation between the legal
and beneficial interests, and the beneficiaries merely have the right to
ensure that he duly administers that estate. His powers and duties in relation
to such property, like his general powers and duties, are governed by both
legislation and the common law. The main piece of legislation for this purpose
is the Act, which by s 3 defines a “trust” as extending “to the duties
incident to the office of a personal representative” and defines “trustee” as
including a personal representative “where the context admits”.

85 One of the powers that a personal representative has is the power to sell
land belonging to the deceased person’s estate. A normal trustee will also
have such a power (as well as a duty to exercise it) in so far as the trust is
a trust for the sale of land, but he can only exercise that power together
with another trustee. That is because s 15(2) of the Act prohibits a sole
trustee from giving a valid receipt for the proceeds of sale arising under a
trust for sale of land, and s 15(3) of the Act proscribes the payment of such
proceeds to fewer than two trustees. The rationale for these provisions is
generally understood to be to reduce the chance of fraudulent dealing with the
trust property by means of requiring at least two trustees to act together. By
contrast, a personal representative is not subject to this limitation. He has
the right to sell the estate’s land and to receive the proceeds of sale by
himself. Thus s 15(4) of the Act provides:

Subsection (3) does not affect the right of a sole personal representative as
such to give valid receipts for or direct the application of the proceeds of
sale or other capital money mentioned in that subsection; nor, except where
capital money arises on a transaction, render it necessary to have more than
one trustee.

86 In my view, that is the position even if the will appointing the personal
representative provides for a trust for sale to be executed by two trustees,
as in the will of the Grandfather, which constitutes the Grandson and the
Fourth Son as trustees for the sale of the Property. It is well-established
that where property is bequeathed to executors, the proving of the will
constitutes an acceptance of the particular trusts constituted by the will,
and an executor who proves the will is clothed with those trusts and must
carry them out: Williams, Mortimer and Sunnucks at para 57-06. However, it has
never been the position that such a trust limits the power an executor has as
a personal representative. Instead, the idea is that by proving the will, he
voluntarily undertakes to perform the trust, and he may therefore be held
liable for breaching the duty he has adopted: see Mucklow v Fuller (1821) Jac
198 at 201–202 per Lord Eldon LC; Booth v Booth (1838) 1 Beav 125 at 129 per
Lord Langdale MR; Stiles v Guy (1832) 4 Y & C Ex 572 at 575 per Lord Lyndhurst
CB. And he is entitled to discharge that duty using the full powers of an
executor.

87 In Herman Iskandar v Shaikh Esa and another [1992] 2 SLR(R) 395 (“Herman
Iskandar”) the High Court, dealing with the question whether a sole executor
had the power to sell property under a statutory trust for sale imposed by the
Residential Property Act (Cap 274, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the RPA”) in respect of
residential property willed to a foreigner, held that effecting the sale was
part of the duty of administering the testator’s estate which a legal personal
representative under the RPA had to discharge (at [10]). Referring to Wong
Boon Pin v Wong Boon Wah [1989] 1 SLR(R) 189 where Chan Sek Keong J (as the
former Chief Justice then was) had characterised the statutory trust under the
RPA as a trust for sale, Michael Hwang JC explained at [15] that the term
“trust for sale” did not imply that a legal personal representative, in
exercising his duty of sale, would lose his status of legal personal
representative. Regardless of how the trust for sale had arisen, the point was
that the beneficiaries’ interest lay in the sale proceeds of the property and
it was mandatory under the RPA for the land to be sold in order that the
proceeds may be distributed to the beneficiaries. Similarly, in my judgment,
when an executor proves a will establishing a trust, and thereby becomes
clothed with the trust, his undertaking to carry out the trust simply becomes
part of his duty of administering the estate, which he is therefore entitled
to discharge using the full powers of an executor.

88 Of course, the proposition that a sole executor may sell a property that is
subject to a trust for sale carries a potential for abuse. As the Supreme
Court of the Straits Settlements observed in Re A Contract between Wee Poh Neo
and Goona Veeragoo Naidoo [1936] 1 MLJ 213 (per Clarke J):

An executor remains an executor indefinitely, even though he be also nominated
under the will to be a trustee of trusts created by that will. A dishonest
person who is both executor and trustee under the will, by falsely alleging to
an innocent purchaser that he is selling qua executor, may therefore be
enabled, at any rate during a period of six years after the testator’s death,
to sell all the trust property and to pocket the proceeds unimpeded by any
necessity of abetment by a second trustee.

However, that does not mean that there are no safeguards. In so far as the
executor has undertaken to carry out the trust, he is liable to be sued by the
beneficiaries of the trust for any breach of his undertaking. Thus, if the
Grandson after selling the Property does not distribute the sale proceeds
equally between himself and the Fourth Son, the Fourth Son can sue him for
breach of trust.

89 Finally, as a general rule, an executor’s power to dispose property ceases
when he completes the administration of the deceased’s estate and clears it of
all liabilities, whereupon he steps into the shoes of a trustee: In re Ponder
[1921] 2 Ch 59 at 61 per Sargant J; Herman Iskandar at [10] per Michael Hwang
JC; Lee Yoke San and another v Tsong Sai Sai Cecilia and another [1992] 3
SLR(R) 516 at [35] and [43] per K S Rajah JC. To this general rule, the Court
of Appeal has recognised an exception, applicable particularly to small
estates, to the effect that an executor’s power to dispose property survives
the completion of administration in so far as it is needed to facilitate the
distribution of assets: Scan Electronics (S) Pte Ltd v Syed Ali Redha Alsagoff
and others [1997] 1 SLR(R) 970 at [9] per M Karthigesu JA. In addition, the
cessation of an executor’s powers must be distinguished from cessation of his
office as an executor, which does not take place unless he renounces his
office or unless the grant of probate is revoked, hence the maxim “Once an
executor, always an executor”: Francis Barlow, Williams on Wills (LexisNexis,
10th Ed, 2014) at para 25.9. Thus, for example, he is entitled to receive a
reversionary interest in the property falling in many years after the
testator’s death.

(2) Decision

90 In the present case, it is not disputed that the Grandson by extracting
grant of probate was properly appointed as executor of the Grandfather’s
estate and was conferred the right to administer it. Since the Grandfather’s
will also named the Fourth Son as executor, it was entirely proper for the
family court who heard the Grandson’s application for probate to reserve power
to make a like grant in the form of double probate in favour of the Fourth
Son: see Williams, Mortimer and Sunnucks at paras 11-10 and 25-15. In the
event, the Fourth Son did not apply for double probate, as he would have been
entitled to do, and the result is that the Grandson is sole executor, in the
sense that only he has the right to administer the Grandfather’s estate.

91 It is also not disputed that the Grandson has yet to complete his
administration of the estate, given that he has yet to pay his Grandfather’s
funeral expenses and testamentary expenses. Accordingly, he retains his powers
as a personal representative and has yet to step into the shoes of a trustee.
And as personal representative, he has the power to sell the Property by
himself even though the will establishes a trust for sale, for the reasons
explained at [86]–[87] above. Accordingly, I hold that the Grandson has both
the authority and, indeed, the duty to sell the Property, to use the proceeds
to clear the estate’s liabilities and then to distribute the net proceeds in
equal shares between himself and the Fourth Son. In the light of these
holdings, it is not necessary to make any declaration that he is able so to
do, as he has prayed for in prayers 1 and 2 of the Probate Application. Such
declarations would simply reflect the position at law with regard to the
Grandson’s position as sole executor, and this position is not disputed. The
dispute is in respect of the Grandson’s wish for an immediate sale of the
Property, to which I now turn.

Issue 2: Sale of the Property

(1) Power to order sale

92 Section 22(2) of the FJA provides that the Family Division of the High
Court shall, when exercising jurisdiction relating to family proceedings, have
all the powers of the High Court in the exercise of its original civil
jurisdiction. One of those powers is the power to order the sale of land,
which is contained in paragraph 2 of the First Schedule of the Supreme Court
of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”), which reads:

Power to partition land and to direct a sale instead of partition in any
action for partition of land; and in any cause or matter relating to land,
where it appears necessary or expedient, to order the land or any part of it
to be sold, and to give all necessary and consequential directions.

93 A similar power is contained in r 540 of the FJR. That provision falls
under Part 17A of the FJR, which governs proceedings brought in relation to
the Wills Act (Cap 352). Rule 540 reads:

(1) Where in any cause or matter relating to any immovable property it appears
necessary or expedient for the purposes of the cause or matter that the
property or any part of the property should be sold, the Court may order that
property or part to be sold.

(2) Any party bound by the order and in possession of the property or part of
the property, or in receipt of the rents and profits of the property or part,
may be compelled to deliver up such possession or receipt to the purchaser or
to such other person as the Court may direct.

94 In the light of para 2 of the First Schedule of the SCJA and r 540 of the
FJR, I consider that I do have the power to order a sale of the Property, and
to make all necessary and consequential directions to effect its sale,
including an order for its occupants to deliver vacant possession to the
Grandson (see [79] above), which is a type of order specifically contemplated
by r 540(2) of the FJR. In addition, I am persuaded that I should exercise my
power to make such orders. This is because the Grandson, as I have found, has
the authority to conduct the sale of the Property, and because ordering the
sale of the Property will enable him to perform his duty as an executor of the
Grandfather’s will to realise the Property, to use its proceeds to clear the
estate’s liabilities, and to distribute the net proceeds equally between him
and the Fourth Son. As I have decided that the Grandmother does not hold any
beneficial interest in the Property, the trust for sale is therefore held for
the benefit of only the Grandson and the Fourth Son. The Fourth Son has not
filed any affidavits or sought to postpone the sale. It is the Grandmother who
seeks to do so. Mr Tan invites me to postpone the sale of the Property, and I
turn now to consider his submission in this regard.

(2) Discretion to postpone sale

95 Mr Tan relies on the case of Bedson v Bedson [1965] 2 QB 666 (“Bedson”) to
persuade me that I have an “equitable jurisdiction” to postpone the sale of
the Property until the Grandmother passes on. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Grandmother’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 24 November 2017 at para
217–218.

In my view, his reliance on that case is misconceived.

96 Bedson was decided during a period in England – before the enactment of the
Trusts of Land and Appointment of Trustees Act 1997 (c 47) (UK) –where a trust
for sale was imposed by statute upon land held by two or more persons
beneficially: see ss 34 and 36 of the Law of Property Act 1925 (c 20) (UK).
This was to provide overreaching machinery so that purchasers needed to
investigate only the title to the legal estate. Under this regime, the English
courts developed a number of principles as to how they would exercise their
discretion to order the sale of the land in the event that its joint owners,
being trustees of the sale of land, were in dispute over whether the land
should be sold. One of the principles developed was that the court must have
regard to the purpose of the trust and discern whether it was indeed to sell
the land or to retain it for some other purpose. Many of these cases arose
over the separation of married couples, and one of these was Bedson.

97 In Bedson, the husband and wife were joint owners of their matrimonial
home, from which the husband ran his business, and in which they were held
each to have had an equal beneficial share. The parties had not divorced, and
the wife’s applied under s 17 of the Married Woman’s Property Act 1882 (c 75)
(UK) for the home to be sold. The English Court of Appeal dismissed her
application on the ground that a sale would “defeat both … contemplated
purposes” of the property which was held on trust, namely to house the
business which provided for the family and to provide a home for the parties
and their children: Bedson at 679D–F per Lord Denning MR.

98 Nothing in Bedson assists the Grandmother’s case. First, the court’s
jurisdiction to order or postpone a sale in Bedson was statutory and not
equitable. Second, in so far as I have any discretion to that effect, Mr Tan
is wrong to rely on Bedson suggest that the purpose for which the Property was
acquired is relevant to the exercise of that discretion. The equivalent
purpose was relevant in Bedson only because the property there was, as a
matter of the prevailing statutory law on joint ownership, held on a trust for
sale: that is why the purpose of the joint owners in acquiring the property in
question was relevant. If any purpose is to be relevant in the present case at
all on the Bedson analysis, it should be the purpose for which the trust of
land was established by the Grandfather’s will, and that purpose is for the
proceeds of sale to be used to pay for the estate’s liabilities and to be
distributed between the Grandson and the Fourth Son equally, as I have
observed at [94] above. I therefore reject Mr Tan’s submission.

Issue 3: Grandson’s entitlement to commission

99 The final issue concerns the Grandson’s claim for commission on the assets
collected, pursuant to s 66(1) of the Probate and Administration Act (Cap 251,
2000 Rev Ed). The Grandmother submits that the Grandson is not entitled to
commission as the assets of the Grandfather have yet to be collected and that
the claim is excessive. She relies on the text of s 66(1) for her contention
that an executor having collected and administered the assets is a pre-
condition:

The court or a judge may in its or his discretion allow the executors or
administrators a commission not exceeding 5% on the value of the assets
collected by them, but in the allowance of disallowance of such commission the
court shall be guided by its or his approval or otherwise of their conduct in
the administration of the estate. [emphasis added]

100 In Shiraz Abidally Husain and another v Husain Safdar Abidally and others
[2009] 4 SLR(R) 11, the High Court held that in deciding the quantum of
commission to be awarded, the court should consider, among other things, the
nature of the estate administered, the work done by the executor, the
executor’s conduct in administering the estate, whether professional
assistance had been given for the administration, and whether the executor had
done his duty according to law. In that case, the plaintiff executors after
administering the estate for five years claimed a 1% commission, which the
court granted after taking into account the factors just mentioned.

101 In the present case, the Grandson justifies his claim for commission on a
number of bases, including the time and effort he has expended to deal with
the lack of cooperation on the part of those occupying the Property in his
attempt to effect its sale, 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Grandson’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 21 November 2017 at para
139(a).

and the suggestion that he has been acting in a fair and reasonable manner in
exercising his duty as sole executor. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Grandson’s Closing Submissions in S 274/2017 dated 21 November 2017 at para
139(c).

However, I observe also that the bulk of the administration of the
Grandfather’s estate has not been completed. That is largely because the
Property, being the main asset under the will, has not been sold and the
proceeds therefore have yet to be distributed. The liabilities of the estate
have also yet to be cleared. The court has no basis upon which to assess the
executor’s conduct. In my view, therefore, a claim for commission, at the
present time, is premature.

Orders to be made

102 For the reasons above, I make the following orders:

(a) No order is made on Prayers 1 and 2.

(b) Prayer 3 is granted on the following terms: The Property shall be sold
with vacant possession by the Grandson, in his capacity as the sole executor
of the estate of the Grandfather, henceforth at any time in his sole
discretion.

(c) Prayer 4 is granted on the following terms: The Grandmother, the Second
Son and the Fourth Son shall within 7 days from the date of the order provide
a set of keys to the Property to the Grandson with respect to the sale of the
Property and allow the Property to be accessed by him, his property agents,
any prospective purchasers and/or any parties involved in the same.

(d) Prayer 5 is granted on the following terms: The Grandmother, the Second
Son and the Fourth Son shall deliver up vacant possession of the Property to
the Grandson within 3 months of the execution of an option to purchase by a
prospective purchaser of the Property.

(e) Prayer 6 is granted on the following terms: The Grandmother, the Second
Son and the Fourth Son shall within 14 days from the date of this order
provide the Grandson with the Certificate of Title to the Property or provide
written confirmation by way of statutory declarations that they have
undertaken reasonable efforts and have been unable to locate the same.

(f) Prayer 7 is granted on the following terms: The Grandmother, the Second
Son and the Fourth Son shall within 14 days from the date of this order
provide the Grandson with any and all documents relating to the assets and
liabilities of the Grandfather, and in particular, the documents that the
Grandmother, the Second Son and the Fourth Son have obtained from the
Grandfather’s room in the Property.

(g) Prayer 8 is dismissed.

(h) The parties are to have liberty to apply.

103 I shall hear the parties on costs.

Valerie Thean  
Judge

Mr Tan Siah Yong (ComLaw LLC) for the plaintiff in HC/S 274/2017 and the
second defendant in HCF/OSP 9/2016;  
Mr Johnny Seah (Seah & Co) for the third defendant in HCF/OSP 9/2016  
Mr Darrell Low and Mr Samuel Wee (Yusarn Audrey) for the defendant in HC/S
274/2017 and the plaintiff in HCF/OSP 9/2016; First defendant in HCF/OSP
9/2016, unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

