Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 252

Suit No 1242 of 2016

Between

| Evotech (Asia) Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Koh Tat Lee  
---|---  
(2)| Lily Bey Lay Lay  
  
… Defendants

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Duties]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Evotech (Asia) Pte Ltd v Koh Tat Lee and another

[2018] SGHC 252

High Court — Suit No 1242 of 2016  
Kannan Ramesh J  
28 February; 1, 2, 7–9, 13, 14 March; 10 May; 4, 8 October 2018

20 November 2018

Kannan Ramesh J:

Introduction

1 Suit 1242 of 2016 was the plaintiff’s claim against its former directors for
breach of fiduciary duties in authorising payments to various parties after
their removal as directors of the plaintiff. There were seven payments made to
four different parties including the first defendant himself. The first
defendant also brought a counterclaim against the plaintiff for salary and
housing allowance during the notice period of his termination as an employee
of the plaintiff.

2 At the end of the trial which spanned eight days, I reserved judgment.
Having considered the evidence of the nine witnesses and the submissions of
the parties, I gave oral judgment on 8 October 2018, finding in the
plaintiff’s favour on the claim and the counterclaim. The defendants have
appealed against my judgment. I now render my grounds of decision.

Background facts

3 The plaintiff is a company incorporated in Singapore in the business of
installation of industrial machinery and mechanical engineering works. The
plaintiff is wholly owned by Black Sand International (Singapore) Pte Ltd
(“BSI”), which is in turn wholly owned by Black Sand Enterprises Limited
(“BSE”). BSI is incorporated in Singapore whereas BSE is incorporated in Hong
Kong. The ultimate holding company of the group is Union Asia Enterprise
Holdings Limited (“UAE”), formerly known as Pan Asia Mining Ltd, which is a
company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and listed in Hong Kong. Annexed is
a chart showing the corporate structure of the group (“the UAE group”).

4 The first and second defendants were appointed directors of the plaintiff on
16 September 2013 and 26 July 2011 respectively. They were removed on 23 May
2016. The first and second defendants were notified of their removal as
directors by way of letter and fax both dated 30 May 2016. The second
defendant is the first defendant’s niece.

5 On 20 May 2016, shortly before the defendants were removed as directors, the
plaintiff appointed two new directors, namely Ms Yip Man Yi (“Ms Yip”) and Mr
Titus Shiu Chi Tak (“Mr Shiu”). On the day of the defendants’ removal as
directors, Mr Thomas Au Siu Yung (“Mr Au”) was also appointed as a director of
the plaintiff. Ms Yip and Mr Shiu were also executive directors of UAE, having
been appointed on 14 November 2015.

The plaintiff’s claim

6 Following their removal as directors on 23 May 2016, the defendants
authorised the plaintiff to make seven payments (collectively “the payments”)
to various parties in the following sums, which payments formed the basis of
the plaintiff’s claim:

(a) To Kesterion Investments Limited (“Kesterion”),

(i) S$1,400,000 paid on 25 May 2016,

(ii) S$200,000 paid on 31 May 2016,

(iii) US$570,000 paid on 1 August 2016;

(b) To the first defendant,

(i) S$300,000 paid on 26 May 2016;

(c) To Yao Jun,

(i) S$250,000 paid on 26 May 2016,

(ii) US$500,000 paid on 21 July 2016;

(d) To Yew Eng Piow (“Yew”),

(i) S$135,000 paid on 25 May 2016.

7 Kesterion is a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. Its sole
director and shareholder is the first defendant’s wife, Ms Eva Wong. The first
defendant’s position was that up to sometime in November 2015, he was the
single largest shareholder in UAE through shares held by him and convertible
bonds held by Kesterion. Notably, on record, the sole shareholder of Kesterion
was Ms Eva Wong. The first defendant’s position suggested that the shares in
Ms Eva Wong’s name were held on trust for the first defendant. This would mean
that all the payments to Kesterion were in substance payments to the first
defendant, if one disregarded the separate legal personality of Kesterion.
This was relevant when assessing the conduct of the first defendant in making
the payments to Kesterion.

8 The payments were made from proceeds realised from the surrender of the
plaintiff’s leasehold property at 42 Gul Circle Singapore 629577 to the Jurong
Town Corporation. There were no board resolutions approving the payments.

9 It was not disputed that as at 31 March 2016, UAE was indebted to Kesterion
in the sum of HK$92,855,948 (“the Debt”), which was recorded as HK$92,831,000
in UAE’s 2016 Annual Report. It was also not disputed that the plaintiff
itself was not indebted to Kesterion.

10 Ms Yip and UAE were added to the present suit as third parties by the
defendants, but the third party claim was withdrawn on the first day of trial
with costs to be paid by the defendants to Ms Yip and UAE. Another company,
Aquaterra China Trading (Shanghai) Company Limited (“Aquaterra”), was also
introduced as a third party to the present suit, but service was not effected
on it. Consequently, Aquaterra did not participate in the present suit.

The first defendant’s counterclaim

11 The first defendant was appointed as general manager of the plaintiff on 1
April 2016 under a contract of employment of the same date. His basic salary
was at that time S$15,000 a month. Under the terms of the contract of
employment, the plaintiff might terminate the first defendant on three months’
notice under cl 8 if “[his] service or [his] position is no longer required”,
and alternatively might also terminate the first defendant under cl 9 on two
months’ notice if “[his] performance is not satisfactory and not up to [the
plaintiff’s] expectation or [the first defendant is] found to be lazy,
misconduct [sic], unsatisfactory attendance, attending to personal matters or
sleeping, blogging, internet surfing, frequent or lengthy chatting on phone on
private matters during working hours or [his] working attitude is
unsatisfactory in the opinion of the [plaintiff]”.

12 The plaintiff issued a notice of termination of the first defendant’s
employment on 28 September 2016, giving him two months’ notice (“the Notice”).
The relevant portion of the Notice read as follows:

We regret to inform you that the preliminary findings of the [internal control
review] report reveal numerous serious misconducts being committed by you
and/or other director and/or other employees of the [plaintiff] which include
but not limited to the following:-

1\. unauthorised disposal of fixed assets;

2\. invalid authorisation of payment/fund transfer; and

3\. improper accounting treatment on the disposal of fixed assets.

In view thereof, the [plaintiff] has decided to hereby terminate your
employment pursuant to paragraph 9 of the Employment Agreement dated 1 April
2016 … by giving you 2 months’ notice.

13 After the notice of termination, the first defendant did not turn up for
work. The first defendant counterclaimed in the present suit for salary and
housing allowance owed to him up to 28 December 2016, which took his last day
of employment as three months from the date of the Notice. He filed an
application by way of HC/SUM 3084/2017 for salary and housing allowance owed
to him up to 28 September 2016, ie, up to the date of the Notice, and has
since obtained judgment in his favour for the sum of S$88,999 in outstanding
salary for the period 1 April 2016 to 28 September 2016 and S$12,464 in
housing allowance for the period 18 August 2016 to 28 September 2016. The
point of contention hence remained as regards his entitlement to salary and
housing allowance for the period after 28 September 2016.

14 The first defendant had pleaded an additional counterclaim for the sum of
US$330,000, being the total of sums allegedly loaned to the plaintiff by
Kesterion in 2012. The first defendant alleged that the debts were
subsequently assigned by Kesterion to the first defendant. However, this
counterclaim has been withdrawn.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s case

The plaintiff’s case in relation to its claim

15 The plaintiff’s case was essentially that despite having been removed as
directors on 23 May 2016, which as noted earlier was notified to the
defendants by way of letter and fax on 30 May 2016, the defendants continued
to act as de facto directors, and caused the payments to be made in breach of
their fiduciary duties. The removal of the defendants as directors was as a
result of the board having lost confidence in their ability to act in the
plaintiff’s best interests. This was in part due to attempts by the first
defendant to use his position as a director of BSI to cause BSI to sell its
shares in the plaintiff initially to the second defendant personally for a
nominal consideration, and subsequently to one Best Pace Holdings Limited.
These attempts eventually fell through as the requisite approvals from the
Hong Kong authorities and shareholders of UAE had not been obtained. On the
plaintiff’s case, following their removal as directors and in a last-ditch
attempt to serve their own interest before they lost control of the plaintiff,
the defendants caused the payments to be made. Apart from pointing out that
one of the payments was to the first defendant, the plaintiff asserted that
the other payments were to related parties.

16 The plaintiff emphasised that it was not itself indebted to Kesterion. The
defendants did not dispute this – they accepted that the Debt was owed by UAE
to Kesterion. The plaintiff asserted that the maturity date of the Debt had
been extended from 19 November 2016 to 19 November 2017 pursuant to a letter
of extension signed on 24 June 2016 between UAE and Kesterion. This again was
not disputed. According to the plaintiff, if the payments to Kesterion on 25
May 2016 (S$1,400,000) and 31 May 2016 (S$200,000) had been approved or
authorised by Ms Yip, Mr Shiu and Mr Au (which was the defendants’ case),
there would have been no reason for UAE to extend the maturity date for the
full amount of the Debt on 24 June 2016. The plaintiff asserted that this
showed Ms Yip and indeed the others were unaware that the defendants had
caused payments to be made by the plaintiff to Kesterion after their removal
as directors. The plaintiff further asserted that Ms Yip, Mr Shiu and Mr Au
also did not, on behalf of the plaintiff, approve or authorise the payment to
Kesterion on 1 August 2016 (US$570,000). There was no need for that payment to
have been made since the maturity date for the Debt had very recently (on 24
June 2016) been extended to November 2017. The payments to Kesterion were
hence a clear attempt by the defendants to prefer Kesterion’s interests, in
anticipation of the possibility that UAE might be unable to repay Kesterion in
the future.

17 The defendants asserted that the payments to Yao Jun on 26 May 2016
(S$250,000) and 21 July 2016 (US$500,000) were for the purpose of paying
administrative fines incurred by Aquaterra. Aquaterra is an ultimate
subsidiary of UAE and its legal representative is Denny Wong, the first
defendant’s brother-in-law. The plaintiff argued that there was no evidence
that the sums paid to Yao Jun were indeed for this purpose, and that in any
case the defendants were not entitled to make the payments without
authorisation from the plaintiff’s board, especially when alternatives to
payment of the fine should have been explored. Further, during cross-
examination, Ms Yip testified that the board of UAE had decided that UAE
should not be responsible for the fine, since it was incurred as a result of a
mistake by an employee of Aquaterra in selling expired water. The plaintiff
asserted that in making payments to Yao Jun, the defendants were preferring
the interests of Denny Wong, who would be exposed to personal liability if the
fines remained unpaid, over the interests of the plaintiff.

18 As for the payment of S$300,000 to the first defendant, the plaintiff’s
initial case was that no debt was owed by the plaintiff to the first defendant
personally. The plaintiff appeared, however, to concede in its closing
submissions that there was a sum of S$230,000 owing to the first defendant
personally, but argued that there had been no proper demand made for this sum
to be repaid or any approval of such repayment.

19 The defendants asserted that the payment to Yew on 25 May 2016 (S$135,000)
was to discharge a debt owed by the plaintiff to Yew. The plaintiff denied
that it owed a debt to Yew. While the plaintiff acknowledged that it had
received the sum of S$135,000 from Yew, it asserted that the sum was not
received as a loan as alleged by the defendants. Instead, the sum was merely
channelled through the plaintiff, converted to US dollars and paid out to one
Liu Tao. As such, no debt was owed by the plaintiff to Yew to justify the
payment to him.

20 Given that none of the payments were in discharge of obligations owed by
the plaintiff, the plaintiff’s position was that they were clearly not for the
plaintiff’s benefit, regardless of whether they might have been for the
benefit of UAE or its related entities. The plaintiff argued that authorising
payments to parties who were not creditors of the plaintiff was clearly not in
the plaintiff’s interest, given that its own creditors had not been paid
because of its poor financial state. Further, by making the above payments,
the defendants placed themselves in a position where their interests
conflicted with that of the plaintiff’s, and they failed to make full
disclosure of these conflicts to the plaintiff’s board. The plaintiff also
argued that the defendants’ assertion that they were acting in the interests
of UAE and of the UAE group as a whole was also unsustainable, as they were at
the material time officers of the plaintiff, not UAE, and therefore owed
fiduciary obligations to the plaintiff only.

21 The plaintiff asserted that there was no approval of the payments by either
Ms Yip, Mr Au or Mr Shiu. Ms Yip was unaware of the payments to Kesterion, the
first defendant, Yao Jun, and Yew, and did not approve of or authorise these
payments. Ms Yip did not even know who Yao Jun and Yew were, and averred that
they were not employees of the plaintiff or any of the parent companies.
Similarly, Mr Au and Mr Shiu were not informed of any of the impugned
transactions by the defendants, and did not give their approval or
authorisation thereto.

22 The plaintiff also took issue with the defendants’ argument that the second
defendant was a mere employee of the plaintiff rather than a de facto
director, as this was not pleaded.

The plaintiff’s case in relation to the first defendant’s counterclaim

23 The plaintiff disputed the first defendant’s entitlement to salary for the
period of the Notice, on the basis that the first defendant was absent from
work for that period, in breach of his contract of employment. The plaintiff
rejected the first defendant’s position that he had accrued leave from his
employment at BSE, due to the lack of documentary evidence of the same, and
submitted in any case that such leave entitlement could not be transferred
from BSE to the plaintiff.

The defendants’ case

The defendants’ case in relation to the plaintiff’s claim

24 According to the defendants, they were unaware of their removal as
directors of the plaintiff until sometime in June 2016, which during the trial
was clarified to be 1 June 2016. The defendants also argued that it was not
clear that the second defendant was a de facto director at the material time,
as her role in the plaintiff was merely confined to executing transfers
approved by the first defendant since she was a bank account signatory. As
such, the plaintiff failed to prove that the second defendant had purported to
act as a director of the plaintiff following her removal as a director, and
hence the second defendant should not be liable for any of the payments.

25 The defendants did not dispute that the payments had been made, but argued
that they were made with approval and via proper procedures. According to the
defendants, the background facts leading to these payments were as follows.
Sometime in September 2015, the first defendant contemplated selling his
controlling interest in UAE, partly because he intended to move from Hong Kong
to Singapore with his wife. The first defendant appointed Cheong Lee
Securities Limited (“Cheong Lee Securities”) as his placement agent to sell
the convertible bonds in UAE held by Kesterion, which represented the single
largest block of shares in UAE upon conversion. After interested purchasers
were identified by Cheong Lee Securities, the first defendant entered into a
verbal agreement with the purchasers of his controlling interest in UAE (“the
new owners”) whereby the defendants would assist the new owners in the
management and control of the UAE group, which would include liquidating the
assets of the UAE group to pay off the debts of the various entities (“the
Verbal Agreement”). The first defendant did not have direct contact with the
new owners, and the sale of his interest was brokered by Mr Antony Kwok and Ms
Clarea Au of Cheong Lee Securities. The first defendant also liaised with Ms
Yip who was presented to him as the representative of the new owners. Ms Yip
denied the existence of the Verbal Agreement. Notably, there was no
documentary material evidencing the Verbal Agreement, nor was the Verbal
Agreement referred or alluded to by the defendants prior to the filing of
their defence in this suit.

26 The defendants claimed that, after the sale of the convertible bonds to the
new owners, the sale proceeds of HK$120m were received by Kesterion. Out of
these sale proceeds, approximately HK$68.5m was paid to UAE’s creditors, China
Shipbuilding Industry Complete Equipment Logistics (Hong Kong) Co Ltd and
Magic Stone Fund (China), and another HK$2m was loaned to UAE for its
operating expenses. These sums, together with some other loans to entities in
the UAE group which were consolidated as loans to UAE, formed the Debt, which
as noted earlier, was recognised in UAE’s books as owing to Kesterion.

27 The defendants claimed that all the impugned transactions were made with
the approval of the plaintiff’s new directors (Ms Yip, Mr Shiu and Mr Au), and
that in particular Ms Yip had expressly approved the payments. Further, the
fact that no questions were raised during the internal audit of the plaintiff
in July 2016 showed that the new management and directors had accepted that
all the payments were in order. Ms Yip’s approval was allegedly secured
through conversations on the phone, as Ms Yip did not want the discussions to
be recorded in writing. Even though Ms Yip denied having authorised the
payments, the defendants submitted that she was evasive and uncooperative on
the stand and therefore an unreliable witness.

28 The payments to Kesterion were made to reduce the Debt, in accordance with
the Verbal Agreement. To support their position that the payments were
authorised, the defendants relied on an email sent by UAE to the first
defendant’s wife Ms Eva Wong on 29 September 2016. This email attached a
letter signed by Ms Yip, seeking Ms Eva Wong’s acknowledgment that Kesterion
had received S$2,805,127 from UAE as repayment of a loan. Ms Eva Wong replied
on 4 October 2016, asking who she was dealing with and for a breakdown of the
sum. There was no reply from Ms Yip after that. According to the defendants,
the sum of S$2,805,127 represented the sums claimed by the plaintiff at [6]
above, excluding the sums paid to Yao Jun.

29 The payment of S$300,000 to the first defendant personally was a partial
repayment of money owed by the plaintiff and its parent company BSI to the
first defendant. The defendants relied on the plaintiff’s 2016 financial
statements, which indicated a sum of S$230,000 due and owing to a director as
at 31 March 2016, and footnote 11 of the statements which stated that the
amount due to a director was repayable on demand. There were no further
details pleaded as to the remaining S$70,000 of the S$300,000, although during
trial the defendants took the position that the balance represented the
repayment of a debt owed to Kesterion (see below at [57]). However, no
evidence was produced of this alleged debt.

30 As mentioned above, the defendants claimed that the payments to Yao Jun
were for the purpose of discharging a fine imposed on Aquaterra, and were
advanced as loans by the plaintiff to Aquaterra. Aquaterra was involved in the
distribution of mineral water in Shanghai, and had incurred the said fine
imposed by the Shanghai authorities for failure to meet certain food safety
standards. Yao Jun was used as the conduit for these payments because of
foreign exchange controls on moneys transferred into China directly. Apart
from the payments to Yao Jun, the plaintiff also attempted to transfer a sum
of US$1,120,000 to Aquaterra for the payment of the fine, but this transfer
was disallowed. The payment was subsequently returned to the plaintiff by the
State Administration of Foreign Exchange. According to the defendants, there
was urgency in advancing the loan to Aquaterra, as any delay in payment of the
fine would have resulted in Aquaterra incurring additional penalties in the
sum of 3% of the fine amount per day. The defendants argued in the alternative
that the payments to Aquaterra were made pursuant to an inter-company loan
agreement between the plaintiff and Aquaterra. At trial, the first defendant
appeared to deviate from the pleaded position that the payments to Yao Jun
were made to pay the administrative fine imposed on Aquaterra, and claimed
instead that they were for the purpose of paying the litigation fees arising
out of a lawsuit faced by Aquaterra, which were separate and distinct from the
fine imposed by the Shanghai authorities.

31 As mentioned earlier, the defendants’ case was that the payment to Yew was
repayment of a loan by Yew to the plaintiff sometime in April 2016. The loan
was given on the understanding that it would be repaid by 30 June 2016. Yew’s
cheque to the plaintiff was exhibited in the first defendant’s AEIC. According
to the defendants, Yew agreed to lend because he and the first defendant had
been friends since their days in Junior College, and there were no further
discussions on the purpose of the loan or why the plaintiff required the
funds. Notably, during the trial, both defendants testified that the moneys
received from Yew were fully used to assist Aquaterra to pay its fines. To
this extent, the plaintiff and the defendants were on common ground.

32 The defendants argued that the payments benefited UAE and the UAE group,
and that they were entitled as a matter of law to consider the interests of
the UAE group collectively in exercising their discretion as directors of the
plaintiff. In making this argument, the defendants relied on the Court of
Appeal’s decision in Intraco Ltd v Multi-Pak Singapore Pte Ltd [1994] 3 SLR(R)
1064 (“Intraco”) as well as the Australian case of Equiticorp Finance Ltd (in
liq) v Bank of New Zealand [1993] 32 NSWLR 50 (“Equiticorp”).

The first defendant’s case in relation to his counterclaim

33 The first defendant submitted that he was entitled to be paid three months’
salary for the period commencing 28 September 2016, ie the date of the Notice.
According to the first defendant, he “did not accept the termination of 2
months’ notice” and instead “claim[ed] against the Plaintiff … 3 months’
notice under Clause 8 of the employment agreement”. The first defendant
testified that he did not report for work after the Notice because he took
leave from work, and that the leave he had accrued with other companies in the
UAE group could be used with the plaintiff because that had always been the
policy of the UAE group.

My decision

The plaintiff’s claim relating to the seven payments

The timing of the payments and the defendants’ awareness of their removal as
directors

34 Before embarking on an analysis of the parties’ respective cases and the
evidence, a brief discussion on the timing of the payments is relevant. I
believe that a bright line can be drawn between payments made when the
defendants were aware that they had been removed as directors, and payments
when they were not. Before I explain the significance of the distinction, I
first address where the bright line should be drawn.

35 To recap, the plaintiff’s position was that the defendants were notified of
their removal as directors on 30 May 2016, whereas the defendants claimed not
to have known about their removal until 1 June 2016. On the evidence before
me, I was inclined to give the defendants the benefit of the doubt, and found
that they indeed came to know of their removal only on 1 June 2016. The first
defendant’s unchallenged evidence was that he was likely overseas on 30 and 31
May 2016. As the primary mode of notification was by way of fax, it was not
likely that the fax sent on the evening of 30 May 2016 was brought to his
attention while he was away. Mr KC Wong, the plaintiff’s financial controller,
who was frequently in the plaintiff’s office and would have notified the first
defendant of an important fax concerning him, testified that he was not in the
office at least on 30 May 2016. While a letter notifying the first defendant
of his removal was sent to the plaintiff’s office address on 30 May 2016, it
was for the same reason conceivable that the first defendant would not have
read it until perhaps 1 June 2016. In the absence of other evidence that would
suggest that the defendants (or at least the first defendant) would have known
of their removal on 30 or 31 May 2016, I found that they only became aware of
the same on 1 June 2016. This is where the bright line should be drawn.

36 The payments would therefore fall on either side of the bright line drawn
on 1 June 2016. For payments before 1 June 2016, the defendants would not have
known that they had been removed as directors when they made or authorised the
payments. On the other hand, for payments after 1 June 2016, it would follow
that the defendants would have known that they did not have the authority to
make or authorise the payments. Of the seven payments, only two payments,
namely the third payment of US$570,000 to Kesterion on 1 August 2016, and the
payment of US$500,000 to Yao Jun on 21 July 2016, were made after the
defendants became aware of their removal (the “August Payment” and “July
Payment” respectively; collectively, the “July and August Payments”). The
remaining five payments, including the payment to Kesterion on 31 May 2016 in
the sum of S$200,000, were all in May 2016 (the “May Payments”). Thus, the
defendants would not have been aware of their removal as directors of the
plaintiff at the time the May Payments were made or authorised.

37 This was significant for two reasons. First, as the July and August
Payments were made after the defendants became aware of their removal as
directors, they must accept that they were aware they did not have the
authority to make or authorise those payments. They therefore could not rely
on ignorance of their removal as evidence of their lack of mala fides. It
ought to have been crystal clear to the defendants that they did not have the
authority to make the payments or at the very least that their authority to do
so was deeply in question. When this was seen against the fact of the August
Payment being to a related entity and on the first defendant’s case an entity
owned and controlled by him, namely Kesterion; and the fact that the July
Payment to Yao Jun was not for the plaintiff’s purpose, the integrity of the
defendants’ conduct must be called in question. It did not aid the defendants
to say that the July and August Payments were not made in breach of fiduciary
duties because they benefitted the UAE group, even if that were relevant,
since they should not in the first place have been acting at all.

38 Second, as regards the May Payments, it must follow that the defendants
would not have sought the approval of Ms Yip, Mr Shiu and Mr Au to make these
payments. In this regard, it is important to note that it was only on 1 June
2016 that the defendants became aware for the first time that they had been
removed as directors on 23 May 2016, and that Ms Yip and Mr Shiu, and Mr Au
had been appointed as directors on 20 May 2016 and 23 May 2016 respectively in
their place. So there would have been absolutely no reason to turn to Ms Yip,
Mr Shiu or Mr Au as the defendants would have operated under the belief that
they were authorised to make the May payments.

39 The defendants have asserted that they had obtained the approval of Ms Yip,
Mr Shiu and Mr Au for the May, July and August payments. However, as noted at
[38] above, this could not be the case once one drew the bright line at 1 June
2016. It was certainly more possible as regards the July and August payments.
I consider this further at [65]–[70] below and reach the conclusion that the
defendants did not seek their approval.

40 But the analysis did not end there. Having found out on 1 June 2016 about
their removal and the appointment of the new directors, the defendants would
have realised that they had authorised the May Payments when they did not have
the authority to do so. But the defendants did not run the case that they
sought ratification of these payments any time after 1 June 2016.

41 Accordingly, if the defendants did not seek approval (as regards the July
and August Payments) or ratification (of the May Payments), that raised
serious questions as to their bona fides. This must be seen in the context of
three facts. First, the payments were made to related entities or the first
defendant personally (including payments made ostensibly to Kesterion).
Second, the payments were not for the plaintiff’s purpose. Third, the payments
were made when the plaintiff was in poor financial health.

42 Even though the analysis in relation to the May Payments, and the July and
August Payments differed, I should highlight that it did not affect the
analysis as to whether the defendants were at all material times de facto
directors of the plaintiff. The test relating to de facto directors is an
objective one – the subjective intentions of the person are hardly relevant
(see Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd v Lim Eng Hock Peter and others (Tung Yu-Lien
Margaret and others, third parties) [2010] SGHC 163 (“Raffles Town Club”) at
[61]). Hence in the present case, regardless of whether the defendants were
aware of their removal as directors of the plaintiff at the time of making the
payments, they would have owed duties to the plaintiff as its de facto
directors as long as the objective facts were such that they discharged
responsibilities typically held by company directors. It was not disputed that
the first defendant did discharge such responsibilities. However, as the
defendants claimed that the second defendant was a mere employee and not a de
facto director of the plaintiff, I deal with this specifically at [75]–[76]
below.

Existence and relevance of the Verbal Agreement

43 The parties have painted two different pictures of the circumstances
leading up to the payments in question. On the plaintiff’s account, the
payments were instances of the defendants seeking to protect their own
interests or those of related parties, shortly after their removal as
directors under somewhat acrimonious circumstances. On the defendants’ case,
the payments were not only made with the requisite authority and approval, but
also with the interests of the UAE group as a whole in mind, and pursuant to
the Verbal Agreement for the first defendant to deliver UAE as a “clean shell”
to the new owners.

44 I deal firstly with the Verbal Agreement, since it formed a substantial
plank of the defendants’ case. The relevant payments in this regard were the
payments to Kesterion as they related to the discharge of the indebtedness of
UAE to Kesterion. I was not convinced on the evidence before me that the
Verbal Agreement was reached for the following reasons.

45 First, apart from the evidence of the first defendant himself, there was
not a shred of evidence, documentary or otherwise, of the Verbal Agreement. It
was telling that there was no explanation as to why an agreement of such
considerable importance was not reduced into writing or at the very least
referred to or evidenced in contemporaneous or subsequent documents. In fact,
even though the first defendant was at that time a board member of UAE and the
Verbal Agreement had a direct impact on UAE, there was also no evidence that
it was disclosed to, tabled for approval and approved by the UAE board. In
this regard, it was relevant that UAE was a listed company. As the Verbal
Agreement purported to relate to the affairs of UAE and its affiliates but was
not in fact an agreement to which UAE was a party, it seemed a matter of
proper governance as well as common sense that it would need to be presented,
debated and approved by UAE’s board. The first defendant had every opportunity
to do so but did not. The failure was inexplicable.

46 Second, the circumstances in which the Verbal Agreement was reached were
quite remarkable. The parties to the Verbal Agreement had no direct
interaction or communication, dealing only through intermediaries, Mr Antony
Kwok and Ms Clarea Au of Cheong Lee Securities, who as noted in [25] above,
brokered the deal. It seemed strange to even say that there was a verbal
agreement between parties who never met, though I accept that the possibility
might not be remote. In any event, one would have thought that at the very
least it would be necessary for the defendants to call the new owners, as the
counterparty to the Verbal Agreement, as witnesses to corroborate the first
defendant’s position and explain why the agreement was reached in such an
unusual manner. Further, if indeed the Verbal Agreement was reached through
intermediaries, their evidence would equally be crucial. Yet, Mr Antony Kwok
and Ms Clarea Au were not called as witnesses by the defendants. There was
also no evidence adduced of communication between the first defendant and the
intermediaries that would support the assertion that the Verbal Agreement was
discussed and concluded. Surely such communication must exist if the Verbal
Agreement was indeed concluded. The evidence of Mr Antony Kwok or Ms Clarea Au
would have been even more important since the first defendant’s testimony at
trial appeared to suggest that the Verbal Agreement was formulated as a result
of their advice for the first defendant to deliver a “clean shell” to the new
owners:

Q Now, let me go to the---apart from this issue that you mention about the
appointment of a new director, any other things that was mentioned?

A Oh, there are plenty of things when you sell a shell, Mr Leng. Although I’m
not an expert in it, but there are a lot of things you need to clean. You need
to give people a clean shell. As a honourable businessman, when you---when you
want to deliver something to people you got to ensure that you deliver it
accordingly. So, Cheong Lee is an expert in this, I am not. So, a lot of
actions, I was instructed by then [sic] to do.

47 Third, the existence of the Verbal Agreement was contradicted or at least
not supported by the evidence of the other witnesses. The first defendant
claimed that Ms Yip was also privy to this Verbal Agreement, but Ms Yip denied
there ever being such an agreement. The second defendant also testified that
it was not made known to her that the first defendant wished to assist the new
owners to settle the debts of the UAE group and deliver a clean shell.

48 Lastly, it seemed to be fairly obvious that if there was indeed a Verbal
Agreement, the first defendant would have made the new owners a party to the
present suit. As it was the first defendant’s case that the cause of the
payments to Kesterion was the Verbal Agreement, the first defendant would
surely have taken steps to introduce the new owners as a party to the present
suit.

49 All of the above spoke to only one conclusion – that the Verbal Agreement
was a figment. I therefore did not accept that the Verbal Agreement existed.
In any case, even if the Verbal Agreement existed, it would have been an
agreement made between the first defendant in his capacity as the facilitator
of the sale of the UAE convertible bonds held by Kesterion and the new owners
as purchaser of those bonds. It did not bind UAE nor its related entities, and
certainly not the plaintiff.

50 The finding that there was no Verbal Agreement had significant
ramifications for the payments that the first defendant asserted were made as
a result of it. As noted earlier, the relevant payments were those to
Kesterion in purported discharge of the Debt. Crucially, this meant the
defendants’ case that those payments were authorised and made as a result of
the Verbal Agreement, must be disbelieved.

51 When this was seen against my observations at [37]–[38] above on the May
Payments, and the July and August Payments, the natural conclusion was that
the defendants acted purely of their own accord and for their own interests.
It must be emphasised again that the payments to Kesterion were, on the first
defendant’s case, in substance payments to himself. This would be conflict of
interest at its highest. The defendants’ breach of fiduciary duties in this
regard was therefore clear.

Were the payments made to discharge debts owed by or liabilities of the
plaintiff?

52 The next issue to consider was whether any of the payments were made to
discharge a debt owed by or liabilities of the plaintiff. If not, it called
into question whether the defendants were acting in the plaintiff’s interest
in making the payments.

53 The defendants’ pleaded case was that the payments to Kesterion and the
payments to Yao Jun were made to discharge the Debt (which was owed by UAE)
and to assist Aquaterra with its administrative fine respectively. Therefore,
it was indisputable that none of the payments to Kesterion or Yao Jun were
made to discharge the plaintiff’s liabilities. Whereas the second defendant in
the course of her oral testimony suggested that part of the payment to
Kesterion was for debts owed by the plaintiff through BSE and BSI, this was
not pleaded and was not asserted in her AEIC. Notably, this was not a position
that the first defendant had asserted. Ms Eva Wong also testified that at
least according to the records, Kesterion only loaned money to UAE and not to
any of the other entities in the UAE group, due to the practice of upward
consolidation of loans. Since the payments to Kesterion and Yao Jun were not
made in discharge of the plaintiff’s obligations, the defendants were clearly
in breach of their fiduciary duties in authorising the payments.

54 The only payments that were supposedly made to repay debts owed by the
plaintiff were the payments to Yew in the sum of S$135,000 and to the first
defendant personally in the sum of S$300,000. I shall hence deal with whether
these two payments were indeed made to discharge the plaintiff’s obligations.

55 The relevant question as regards the payment to Yew was perhaps not whether
it was in discharge of an indebtedness owed by the plaintiff to him but
instead whether the first defendant ought to have procured the plaintiff to
borrow the sum of S$135,000 from Yew in the first place. The defendants
testified that the sum was eventually sent to Aquaterra to pay its fines. If
the first defendant caused the plaintiff to assume a liability to Yew in order
to pay the debts of another company, that would be a breach of his fiduciary
duties. That breach would flow into the subsequent repayment to Yew. The
breach was compounded by the fact that the loan involved an interested party,
as the first defendant’s brother-in-law Denny Wong was in charge of Aquaterra.

56 Further, I was not persuaded that there was in fact a debt owing by the
plaintiff to Yew. There was no evidence to show that the payment from Yew was
recorded in the plaintiff’s records as a loan from Yew to the plaintiff. The
first defendant was not able to explain this. In this regard, there was also
correspondence between the first defendant and Mr KC Wong to the effect that
the S$135,000 was to be charged to Kesterion, suggesting that it was a debt to
be borne by Kesterion and not the plaintiff. The first defendant could not
satisfactorily explain this. When the second defendant was asked about this
during cross-examination, she responded that there was a verbal conversation
between Mr KC Wong and the first defendant to the effect that Kesterion would
only pay if the plaintiff was unable to repay the loan to Yew. I was hesitant
to give this assertion any weight since it arose at such a late juncture, and
could not be found in any of the AEICs. It was relevant that the first
defendant did not mention any such oral conversation in his testimony. In any
case, I found it strange that Yew had supposedly advanced a considerable sum
of money to the plaintiff without any question, on the first defendant’s mere
request, even taking into account that he was close friends with the first
defendant. It begged the question whether this was actually a loan to the
first defendant rather than the plaintiff, which was conveniently channelled
through the plaintiff to Aquaterra. I was therefore not persuaded that the
plaintiff incurred a debt to Yew in the sum of S$135,000.

57 As regards the payment to the first defendant in the sum of S$300,000, it
was unclear whether it corresponded if at all to his loan of S$230,000 to the
plaintiff. Firstly, I should point out that according to the first defendant’s
pleaded defence, the sum of S$300,000 represented the repayment of the first
defendant’s loan to the plaintiff as well as BSI. Yet, it was not clear how
this was to be apportioned between the plaintiff and BSI. In any event, using
the plaintiff’s funds to repay a loan made by the first defendant to BSI would
be a breach of fiduciary duties as that would not have been in discharge of
the plaintiff’s obligations. On the other hand, the second defendant testified
that the sum of S$300,000 was intended to be for Kesterion, even though it was
received by the first defendant. This was not consistent with the defendants’
pleaded case. The first defendant later testified that the S$300,000 was
repayment of a director’s loan to himself as well as a repayment of a loan to
Kesterion, and that the full sum was paid into his personal account because he
became entitled to the amount owed to Kesterion due to an assignment of debt.
Apart from this being a departure from his pleaded case and not something
asserted in his AEIC, when it was pointed out to him that the assignment of
debt occurred in December 2016 whereas he directed payment of the sum of
S$300,000 in May 2016, the first defendant could not give a satisfactory
answer. This showed that the first defendant’s case in this regard was built
on shifting sands. In any event, authorising repayment to the first defendant
of a loan that he himself had made to the plaintiff would plainly be a
conflict of interest. I return to this point at [72]ff below. Further, even
though the loan was recorded as being repayable on demand, no demand was made
by the first defendant to the plaintiff.

58 Hence, in view of the evidence before me, I found that the payments were
made in breach of the defendants’ fiduciary duties as inter alia they were not
in discharge of the plaintiff’s obligations. It should also be borne in mind
that these payments must be seen against the backdrop of the plaintiff’s poor
financial health at the material time.

Relevance of the interests of UAE and the UAE group

59 I now deal with the defendants’ submission that they did not breach their
fiduciary duties to the plaintiff in authorising the payments, as they were
made for the benefit of UAE or the other entities under UAE (such as
Aquaterra). The defendants’ submission rested on the basis that directors are
legitimately entitled to take into consideration the interests of the business
group as a whole in exercising their discretion. I pause here to note that
this was not part of the pleaded defence.

60 Before considering whether directors are indeed entitled to act in the
interests of the business group as a whole, I should add that I was not
convinced that the defendants were indeed motivated by the interests of the
UAE group when they authorised the payments. First, at the time of the
payments, neither of the defendants were officers of UAE. The first defendant
was previously chairman and executive director of UAE, but had ceased to be so
on 31 December 2015 and 29 March 2016 respectively. Hence, the contention that
the defendants were motivated by the interests of the UAE group, when they
held no appointments in UAE, must be viewed with suspicion. Second and more
importantly, in so far as the predicate for the payments was the Verbal
Agreement, the argument fell away. If the defendants acted as they say they
did because of the Verbal Agreement, then there could be no room for them to
also say that they were motivated by the interests of the UAE group. The
position on the Verbal Agreement has been covered above at [44]–[50].

61 Are the interests of the group relevant in the first place? In my judgment,
the law is clear. The defendants’ position was untenable. Whereas it is
permissible for directors to consider the interests of a business group as a
whole when making decisions, this cannot be done at the expense of the
interests of the company within the group which they represent (Intraco at
[28] and [29], citing with approval the decision in Charterbridge Corporation
Ltd v Lloyds Bank Ltd [1970] Ch 62). This is a necessary corollary of the
trite principle that entities within a group are nevertheless separate legal
entities with separate rights and liabilities, even if the financial accounts
of the group are often consolidated – such consolidation of financial accounts
does not mean that the debts and liabilities of different companies within the
same group can be treated interchangeably (see Goh Chan Peng and others v
Beyonics Technology Ltd and another and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR 592
(“Beyonics”) at [71]–[72]).

62 In the present case, the plaintiff had its own unpaid creditors and was in
poor financial health. Therefore, in using the plaintiff’s assets to pay off
the creditors of UAE and related entities, the defendants breached their
fiduciary duties to the plaintiff. This was the case even if one were to
disregard the fact that the creditors preferred by the defendants were those
related or connected to them. Hence, the repayments of debt owed by UAE or
related entities were clearly not in the interests of the plaintiff, and in
such circumstances it became irrelevant as to whether the defendants acted in
the interest of UAE or other related entities.

63 The defendants relied extensively on Intraco in support of their position
that they were entitled to act in the interests of the group as a whole. The
facts of that case, however, were completely different from the present.
Intraco involved a case where the directors made the management decision to
enter into a rescue plan involving the assignment of debts owed by related
entities, which decision on hindsight turned out to be a poor one. However, it
is important to note that the test that was applied by the Court of Appeal was
whether “an honest and intelligent man in the position of a director of the
company concerned, could, in the whole of the existing circumstances, have
reasonably believed that the transactions were for the benefit of the company”
(emphasis added) (see Intraco at [28] and [29], citing with approval the
decision in Charterbridge Corporation Ltd v Lloyds Bank Ltd [1970] Ch 62).
Thus, the focus of the test remains the interest of the company and not of the
group. In Intraco, the company had taken an assignment of debts of related
entities so that it could start a new and potentially lucrative business of
paper manufacturing. In return, the creditor whose debts were assigned
converted its debt to equity and granted loans to the company, and was
appointed the sole distributor of the paper products that were to be
manufactured. The directors had taken the view that this was in the interest
of the company when seen in the context of the group. This is quite different
from the present scenario where the plaintiff’s funds were used to pay off
liabilities of related companies without any benefit to the plaintiff or its
creditors, and in the context of the defendants having a clear personal
interest in such payments. Even if the related companies might have benefited
from a reduction of their loan to their creditors, it did not behove the
defendants to say that they acted in the interest of the group as a whole when
they acted against the interest of the plaintiff.

64 Similarly, the defendants’ reliance on Equiticorp was misplaced. In that
case, the chairman, chief executive and major shareholder of a group of
companies associated by common or interlocking shareholders decided to apply
the liquidity reserves of three companies within the group towards discharge
of the debt of a wholly owned subsidiary of another of the companies within
the group, and did so under commercial pressure from a creditor. The Court of
Appeal held there (at 146F–148G), albeit with reservations, that the correct
test was to ask whether an intelligent and honest man in the position of the
director of the companies holding the liquidity reserve could, in all the
circumstances, have reasonably believed that the application of the liquidity
reserve towards discharge of the subsidiary’s debt was for the benefit of
those companies. In other words, the director concerned must nonetheless act
in the interests of the companies to which he owed fiduciary duties, and not
subordinate the interests of these companies to others within the same
business group. This is consistent with the principle alluded to above at
[61], that directors must act in the interest of the company they represent,
even when considering the interests of other companies in the same group. This
was clearly not done in the circumstances of the present case for reasons
spelt out above at [62] – the defendants could not in good conscience say that
using the plaintiff’s funds to pay the debts of other companies was in the
plaintiff’s best interests.

Did the plaintiff’s board approve the payments?

65 As noted in [27] above, the defendants claimed that all the impugned
transactions were made with the approval of the new directors (Ms Yip, Mr Shiu
and Mr Au), and that in particular Ms Yip had expressly authorised the
payments. Regardless, it is important to again revert to the bright line that
I had drawn earlier. As noted above, if it was accepted that the defendants
only became aware of their removal as directors and the appointment of Ms Yip,
Mr Shiu and Mr Au on 1 June 2016, there would be no reason to turn to all or
any one of them for approval of the May Payments. If the defendants did not
know that the new directors had in fact been appointed, there was absolutely
no reason for their approval to be sought. The defendants could not have it
both ways. This would mean that in so far as the defendants allege that
approval for the May Payments had been sought from Ms Yip, Mr Shiu and Mr Au,
they were not being truthful. This did colour the assessment of the
credibility of any allegation that approval had been sought for the July and
August Payments.

66 Further, the defendants’ position was contrived for two other reasons.
First, if the payments, at least in so far as they relate to Kesterion, were
pursuant to the Verbal Agreement, there would be no need to turn to Ms Yip, Mr
Shiu or Mr Au for approval. The defendants would have acted under the belief
that they were authorised to do so. Second, and putting aside the Verbal
Agreement, it was difficult to believe that Ms Yip, Mr Shiu or Mr Au would
have approved and allowed the defendants to make the payments when the
defendants had been removed as directors. In this regard, five of the
payments, ie, the May Payments, were made very shortly after the removal of
the defendants as directors. If the defendants had indeed sought approval
prior to those payments, they would have been told straightaway that they had
been removed from office and were not authorised to make the payments. This
would in turn mean that the defendants would have known about their removal
before 1 June 2016, which was contrary to the position that they took at
trial. Again, the defendants could not have it both ways.

67 I should mention that it was not immediately apparent whether the
defendants’ position was that the payments were duly authorised by all the
directors of the plaintiff, or whether this was only done by Ms Yip. The
defendants’ case as pleaded was that at the time of the payments, the new
directors had already been appointed, and all the payments were made with the
approval of the new directors. This of course, as noted above, could not be
relevant to the May Payments as the defendants did not know of the appointment
of the new directors when those payments were made. Notwithstanding this, no
evidence was adduced in the AEICs or at trial to show any form of
authorisation by Mr Shiu and Mr Au. During his oral testimony, the first
defendant also seemed to take a step back from his pleaded case that there was
approval and knowledge on the part of Mr Shiu and Mr Au, and stated instead
that he did not report the Kesterion payments to the plaintiff’s board because
he regarded it as Ms Yip’s duty to do so. Hence, it did not appear to be
disputed that the defendants did not take the transactions to the plaintiff’s
board. The first defendant’s explanation for this failure to make the
necessary disclosures was simply that he was used to doing business “on a
handshake basis”. I found this strange. Given that the payments were not in
discharge of the plaintiff’s obligations and were in several instances to
related parties and on one occasion to the first defendant himself, and
bearing in mind the plaintiff’s poor financial position and the defendants’
somewhat unceremonious removal as directors, the defendants surely would have
been at pains to ensure that approval was obtained from the entire board.

68 Therefore, it was clear that as presented, the defendants’ case at its
highest was that only Ms Yip had authorised these payments, whereas Mr Shiu
and Mr Au also somehow had actual or constructive knowledge of them. This was
also reflected in the defendants’ further and better particulars served on 6
April 2017, which stated that the directors who approved the transactions were
Ms Yip and the first defendant himself, via a telephone conversation, and
which made no mention of Mr Shiu or Mr Au. Indeed, in their closing
submissions, the defendants claimed that “[a]t the heart of this action is
whether or not the [seven] Payments were authorised by UAE and [the plaintiff]
through Yip. It is the Defendants’ case that Yip authorised each of the
[seven] Payments verbally, over the telephone”.

69 Given the earlier conclusion that the defendants had no reason to turn to
the new directors as regards the May Payments, it must follow that the
allegation that Ms Yip authorised the May Payments could not be correct.
Further, on the defendants’ case, the payments to Kesterion were made pursuant
to the Verbal Agreement, and hence there would be no reason to seek Ms Yip’s
approval. That would leave only one payment that was neither a May Payment nor
a payment that was pursuant to the Verbal Agreement – the second payment to
Yao Jun on 21 July 2016. However, the first defendant’s case was not that he
sought approval from Ms Yip for just this one payment; his case was that he
sought approval from Ms Yip for all seven payments. If I therefore concluded
one way for the other six payments, it seemed difficult to isolate just this
one payment and take a different view.

70 With this mind, I turn to Ms Yip’s evidence. The defendants’ case that the
payments were approved by Ms Yip was contradicted by Ms Yip. Ms Yip gave
consistent evidence that the first defendant did not seek her approval during
a supposed conversation in May or June 2016 for the plaintiff to make payments
for the Aquaterra fine or to repay the loans to Kesterion and the first
defendant, and she was emphatic that such a conversation did not occur. The
defendants submitted that Ms Yip was being untruthful in her answer as she had
in her AEIC denied ever speaking to the first defendant on the phone during
the same period, and yet she testified orally that she did in fact speak to
the first defendant on the phone. I, however, disagreed that that was the
tenor of her evidence – the assertion in her AEIC of not having had a
telephone conversation with the first defendant was clearly in relation to the
specific issue of the first defendant asking for approval to make the
payments, and not about having phone conversations with him generally during
that period. As such, Ms Yip’s evidence on this point remained firm, and I
found no reason to doubt her credibility. Ms Yip’s position on this also
appeared to be supported by the documentary evidence or rather the lack
thereof – Ms Yip was not copied in any of the emails on payment instructions
sent by the first defendant to Mr KC Wong. According to the first defendant
this was because Ms Yip supposedly expressed a preference “not to be involved”
and to be “kept out [of] the loop”, and not wanting her discussions with the
first defendant recorded in writing. This was strange. Why would Ms Yip say
this if she had authorised the payments? The first defendant would have had
every reason to document the approval given that the payments were to related
entities and himself, not for the plaintiff’s purposes, and the plaintiff’s
parlous financial situation. The first defendant in his oral evidence further
testified that Ms Yip had given approval for the payments for Aquaterra
sometime around 18 or 19 July 2016, but this supposed conversation was not
mentioned in his AEIC. In fact, the first defendant’s AEIC was bereft of any
details of how authorisation was given by Ms Yip. Finally, I accepted the
plaintiff’s contention that there would be no reason for UAE to extend the
repayment of the full amount of the Debt to November 2017 if Ms Yip had indeed
approved the payments to Kesterion. In the circumstances, I found Ms Yip’s
evidence that she did not give authorisation for any of the payments more
credible than that of the first defendant’s.

71 The defendants relied on an email sent to Ms Eva Wong on 29 September 2016
(see above at [28]) as an acknowledgment of all the payments made by the
plaintiff, with the exception of the payments to Yao Jun. The email attached a
letter signed by Ms Yip, asking for confirmation that Kesterion had received a
total sum of S$2,805,127 from UAE. According to the defendants, this email
showed that the payments were authorised by Ms Yip, as she would not have
otherwise asked for an acknowledgment of receipt. Ms Yip was cross-examined on
this email and letter at length, and explained that UAE was merely seeking
Kesterion’s confirmation that it had indeed received the payments, because
there were no documents on UAE’s side of these payments having been made.
Around the time this email was sent, the auditors had uncovered books and
vouchers stating payments were made to Kesterion totalling S$2,805,127, and as
such the email and letter were sent for investigation purposes. I found this
to be a plausible explanation in the circumstances. In any case, the contents
of the email and letter were certainly not unequivocal as to the issue of
authorisation of the payments mentioned, and hence in totality I did not find
them to be helpful to the defendants’ case.

72 Putting aside the fact that the payments were not made in discharge of the
plaintiff’s liabilities, which remained an extremely pertinent fact, two other
things must be emphasised. First, the plaintiff’s poor financial health at the
time of the payments. Second, that the payments engendered issues of conflict
of interest. It was undisputed that the recipients of the impugned payments
were all connected to the defendants in one way or another. Kesterion was
owned by the first defendant’s wife or perhaps even the first defendant –
whilst the shares in Kesterion were legally owned by the first defendant’s
wife Ms Eva Wong, it appeared from Ms Eva Wong’s testimony that she mostly
followed the first defendant’s instructions in the conduct of Kesterion’s
business. In fact, Ms Eva Wong made no request for repayment of Kesterion’s
loans, and it was the first defendant who made such a request “on behalf of
Kesterion”. The first defendant has also consistently asserted that he was,
prior to the sale of his interest in UAE to the new owners, the single largest
shareholder in UAE by virtue of the convertible bonds held by Kesterion – this
would suggest that the first defendant regarded himself and was in fact the
true owner of the shares in Kesterion held by Ms Eva Wong. Further, Aquaterra
was controlled by the first defendant’s brother-in-law, Yew was a close friend
of the first defendant, and then there was also the payment to the first
defendant personally.

73 In the circumstances, the prudent and necessary thing for the defendants to
have done was to take these transactions to the plaintiff’s board, make a full
disclosure of their conflicts of interest and seek the board’s approval for
these payments, or have them ratified. As noted earlier, this was not done.

74 Hence, I found that none of the payments were authorised by Ms Yip, Mr Au
or Mr Shiu. I did not find the first defendant to be at all a credible
witness. Since these payments represented related-party transactions which
were not duly authorised by the plaintiff’s board, and were not in discharge
of the plaintiff’s obligations, the defendants were clearly in breach of their
fiduciary duties to the plaintiff in making these payments.

The second defendant’s position

75 Lastly, I turn to the defendants’ submission that the second defendant was
not a de facto director, and had at all times merely followed the first
defendant’s instructions in signing the necessary documents. Even though this
was not her pleaded defence, the burden was nonetheless on the plaintiff to
prove the elements of its case, and hence it was still necessary to consider
whether the second defendant was indeed a de facto director as alleged by the
plaintiff. In this regard, I was guided by the case of Raffles Town Club,
which held (at [58] and [59]) that a de facto director is one who undertook
functions in relation to the company which could properly be discharged only
by a director, who participated in directing the affairs of the company on an
equal footing with the other directors, and who exercised “real influence” in
the corporate governance of the company.

76 In totality, I was satisfied that the second defendant was a de facto
director, even if she might have at times acted on the instructions of the
first defendant. It was clear that the second defendant was a director of the
plaintiff prior to her removal – the second defendant did not deny this. She
was appointed as a bank account signatory in her capacity as a director of the
plaintiff. Accordingly, when she authorised the May, July and August Payments
as the bank account signatory, she could have only done so in her capacity as
a director of the plaintiff. She was also clearly purporting to act as a
director. The point seemed unarguable. In fact, it was not clear in what other
capacity she could have been acting – whereas the second defendant testified
orally that she was also an employee of the plaintiff, no evidence was adduced
to support this, and this was also strangely omitted from her AEIC. Indeed,
this contradicted her own earlier oral testimony that she was only employed by
BSI and not the plaintiff. I saw no reason why she should not be deemed a de
facto director at least in terms of authorising the payments. I was further
mindful of the fact that the second defendant claimed not to have been aware
of her removal as a director until “early June” and relied on this fact to
show her lack of dishonesty. If so, she must surely have thought that she was
a director and acted as such in authorising the May Payments. She could not
therefore in the same breath disavow being under a fiduciary obligation in
that intervening period.

Conclusion on the plaintiff’s claim

77 To sum up, when the defendants’ conduct was viewed in totality, it was
clear that they were in breach of their fiduciary duties in making the
payments. Even though they might not have been aware of their removal as
directors for the May Payments, the fact remained that the defendants
authorised payments which were not in discharge of the plaintiff’s
obligations. Whether or not the payments benefited the UAE group as a whole
was irrelevant in the circumstances. The payments were also related-party
transactions which gave rise to clear conflicts of interest, and yet no
attempts were made to seek approval or ratification from the plaintiff’s
board. In the circumstances, the defendants clearly breached their fiduciary
duties to the plaintiff, and I thus allowed the plaintiff’s claim in its
entirety.

The first defendant’s counterclaim

78 The first defendant received the Notice on 28 September 2016, giving him
two months’ notice. It was not disputed that the first defendant did not turn
up for work from that day onwards.

79 To my mind, the first defendant’s counterclaim was unsustainable both
legally and factually. The common law position is that where a contract of
employment is silent on the issue of salary in lieu of notice, such as in the
present case, the employer is entitled to terminate the contract of employment
by paying salary in lieu of notice (see Beyonics at [90]). That is a
prerogative open only to the employer. In the instant case, the plaintiff
elected to terminate the contract of employment by giving the Notice, which it
was entitled to do pursuant to the terms of the contract of employment. It
could not be disputed that the first defendant had no entitlement to reject
the Notice and to claim for salary in lieu of notice. In order for the first
defendant to succeed in his counterclaim for salary during the notice period,
he would thus have to show that he was entitled to be paid his salary because
he had complied with his contractual obligations as an employee during the
notice period.

80 If the first defendant had turned up for work during the notice period,
then he would be entitled to be paid salary. In the present case, however, it
was clear that the first defendant did not turn up for work upon receiving the
Notice, and hence could not possibly claim salary for the notice period.
Indeed, he had breached his contract of employment in failing to report for
work. The first defendant appeared to take the position at trial that it
should have been made clear in the Notice that he needed to report for work to
serve out his notice period. Apart from not being pleaded, that was quite an
astounding position. As a default, it was for the first defendant to report
for work as a matter of contractual obligation, and not for the plaintiff to
tell him that he must. Indeed, it should be obvious that unless the plaintiff
had agreed to pay salary in lieu of notice, the first defendant had an
obligation to continue reporting to work during the notice period.

81 At trial, the first defendant also took the position that he did not turn
up for work because he had applied for leave, such leave being carried over
from BSE, a different company, to the plaintiff as was permitted in the UAE
group. These assertions were conspicuously absent from the pleadings and the
first defendant’s AEIC. Further, there was no evidence to support such a
practice, or that leave had in fact accrued to the first defendant in BSE and
a leave application had been submitted and approved. Whereas the first
defendant had relied on WhatsApp messages allegedly showing that he had 43
days of leave carried over from BSE, it was clear from the content of those
messages that the first defendant was merely asserting that that was the case,
not that there was any approval or confirmation by the plaintiff of this
assertion or the alleged practice of porting leave from BSE to the plaintiff.
In any event, it seemed incorrect as a matter of principle to port leave
accrued in another company to the first defendant’s leave entitlement with the
plaintiff unless that was permissible under the first defendant’s terms of
employment with the plaintiff. It was apparent from a review of the first
defendant’s employment contract that that was not the case.

82 As such, since the first defendant did not turn up for work from 28
September 2016 onwards, he was disentitled to his salary during the notice
period having not provided consideration. For the same reason, the first
defendant was not entitled to claim housing allowance during this period. In
the circumstances, it was irrelevant whether the first defendant was entitled
to two or three months of notice. In this regard, I should say that given the
conclusions I have drawn as regards the first defendant’s conduct, it seemed
that the plaintiff was fully entitled to terminate the first defendant’s
employment with two months’ notice pursuant to cl 9 of the contract of
employment. I accordingly dismissed the counterclaim.

Conclusion

83 For the foregoing reasons, I found that the defendants had breached their
fiduciary duties to the plaintiff in authorising the following payments:

(a) To Kesterion,

(i) S$1,400,000 paid on 25 May 2016,

(ii) S$200,000 paid on 31 May 2016,

(iii) US$570,000 paid on 1 August 2016;

(b) To the first defendant,

(i) S$300,000 paid on 26 May 2016;

(c) To Yao Jun,

(i) S$250,000 paid on 26 May 2016,

(ii) US$500,000 paid on 21 July 2016;

(d) To Yew,

(i) S$135,000 paid on 25 May 2016.

84 Judgment was therefore awarded in favour of the plaintiff against the
defendants jointly and severally in the total sum of S$2,285,000 and
US$1,070,000. Interest ran on each of these sums from the date of the writ, ie
23 November 2016, at the rate of 5.33% per annum. The first defendant’s
counterclaim was disallowed.

85 On costs, parties were directed to file written submissions limited to ten
pages within two weeks. The plaintiff submitted that it should be awarded
total costs of S$360,000 plus disbursements, whereas the defendants submitted
that costs of S$130,800 plus reasonable disbursements should be awarded to the
plaintiff. Parties have since informed me that they have agreed for the
defendants to pay the plaintiff disbursements in the sum of S$71,973.05. I am
of the opinion that given the complexity of the case, and having regard the
Costs Guidelines, a daily rate of S$18,500 was reasonable. Applying the tariff
discount of 20% for the sixth to eighth days of trial as per the same Costs
Guidelines, this amounted to S$92,500 for the first five days of trial and
S$44,400 for the next three days of trial, for a total of S$136,900. In
addition, I will award S$9,000 for the interlocutory applications and the pre-
trial conferences for which costs have yet to be fixed, for total costs of
S$145,900 to be paid by the defendants to the plaintiff, exclusive of the
disbursements agreed between the parties.

Postscript

86 On 27 June 2018, prior to the release of the oral judgment, Kesterion
commenced Suit No 653 of 2018 (“Suit 653”) against the plaintiff to recover a
purportedly outstanding loan of S$400,000 made on 16 June 2016. After the
plaintiff filed its defence in Suit 653, the defendants filed Summons No 3862
of 2018 (“Summons 3862”) to admit the cause papers filed in Suit 653 as
evidence in the present suit, and to recall Mr Au, Mr Shiu and Ms Yip as
witnesses, on the basis that the plaintiff had taken inconsistent positions in
Suit 653 and the present suit. I heard and dismissed the application on 4
October 2018, and I explain my decision here very briefly.

87 The plaintiff’s defence in Suit 653 was essentially that the sum of
S$400,000 was a repayment of and liable to be set-off against a loan of
S$500,000 made to Kesterion in May 2016. This loan of S$500,000 comprised a
payment of S$200,000 made to Kesterion on 31 May 2016 and a payment of
S$300,000 made to Kesterion on 26 May 2016, which overlapped with two of the
seven payments in the present suit. The defendants contended in Summons 3862
that the plaintiff could not assert in Suit 653 that these two payments
represented loans to Kesterion when it had taken the position in the present
suit that they were unauthorised. This justified the re-opening of the present
suit.

88 The defendants’ argument in this regard was to my mind a non sequitur. I
did not see why the position that the payments were unauthorised by the
plaintiff’s new directors at the time of payment, was necessarily inconsistent
with the position that they were to be characterised as loans vis-à-vis
Kesterion. As clarified by Mr Au in his affidavit filed for Summons 3862, the
plaintiff’s position was that its new directors only discovered these payments
after the auditors performed a review at the end of August 2016. Hence, its
defence in Suit 653 was consistent with the plaintiff’s position in the
present suit that the payments were unauthorised at the time of payment. The
plaintiff maintained that the payments were neither authorised nor ratified at
any point of time.

89 Even if there was any inconsistency between the plaintiff’s positions in
the present suit and Suit 653, it was not clear how re-opening the trial in
the present suit would be helpful to the defendants. The defendants’ case in
relation to the payment of S$200,000 to Kesterion was that this was pursuant
to the Verbal Agreement to discharge the debt of UAE. Even if the plaintiff’s
evidence in Suit 653 suggested that this payment was approved by the new
directors, it would have been approved as a loan to Kesterion, and not for the
purpose asserted by the defendants in the present suit. As for the payment of
S$300,000 to the first defendant, the defendants’ case was that this was a
partial repayment of a loan extended by the first defendant, which case did
not appear to rely on any express approval by the new directors. Any purported
approval of this payment as a loan to Kesterion would not advance the
defendants’ case to any extent. Hence, since any inconsistency revealed did
not map onto the defendants’ case theory, I did not see how re-opening the
trial would assist them.

90 I was cognisant that there might be an issue of double-recovery if the
plaintiff’s claim in the present suit was allowed, but this was something that
could be resolved in Suit 653, and did not necessitate the re-opening of the
trial in the present suit. I therefore dismissed Summons 3862, and maintained
my findings in relation to the present suit.

Kannan Ramesh  
Judge

Leng Siew Wei Aloysius, Jonathan Tan Yi Wen, Koh Jian Ying and Sarah Phang
Shih Min (AbrahamLow LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Nicholas Jeyaraj s/o Narayanan (Nicholas & Tan Partnership) (instructed
counsel), Nichol Yeo (JLC Advisors LLP) (instructed counsel) and Lim Seng
Sheoh (Seng Sheoh & Co) for the defendants.

* * *

Annex: Corporate structure of the UAE group

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

