Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 102

Suit No 211 of 2017  
(Summons No 4069 of 2017)

Between

|  
---|---  
(1)| Wang Cheng  
(2)| Liu Guohui  
(3)| Chen Xiaopu  
|  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Song Fanrong  
---|---  
(2)| Teo Kuei Yang  
(3)| Nanyang Venture Capital Pte Ltd  
(4)| Friedrich Frobel Holding Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

GROUNDS OF JUDGMENT

[Contempt of court] — [Civil contempt]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Wang Cheng and others

  
v

  

Song Fanrong and others

  

[2018] SGHC 102

High Court — Suit No 211 of 2017 (Summons No 4069 of 2017)  
Lai Siu Chiu SJ  
21 November 2017  

27 April 2018

Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

Introduction

1 Wang Cheng (“the first plaintiff”), Liu Guohui (“the second plaintiff”) and
Chen Xiaopu (“the third plaintiff”) (collectively “the plaintiffs”), applied
by Summons No 4069 of 2017 for a committal order (“the Committal Application”)
to be made against Song Fanrong (“the first defendant”), Teo Kuei Yang (“the
second defendant”) and Friedrich Frobel Holdings Pte Ltd (“the fourth
defendant”) (collectively “the three defendants”) for failing to comply with
paragraph 1 of a Mareva injunction order dated 9 March 2017 (“the Mareva
Order”) ordering them not to dispose of their assets in Singapore.

2 The plaintiffs are all mainland Chinese nationals as was the first defendant
before she became a Singapore citizen. The second defendant (who is the
husband of the first defendant) is a Singapore citizen. Nanyang Venture
Capital Pte Ltd (“the third defendant”) is not involved in these proceedings.
The first defendant is the sole director of the fourth defendant and is its
major shareholder.

3 The Mareva Order inter alia states: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Order of Court dated 9 March 2017 in Summons No 1050 of 2017.

1(a) The Defendants must not remove from Singapore in any way dispose of or
deal with or diminish the value of any of their assets which are in Singapore
whether in their own name or not and whether solely or jointly owned up to the
value of S$9,456,833.73.

(b) This prohibition shall include but is not limited to the following assets
in particular:

(i) the property known as 216 Belgravia Drive Singapore 804613 or the net sale
proceeds if it has been sold or disposed of;

(ii) the property known as 218 Belgravia Drive Singapore 804614 or the net
sale proceeds if it has been sold or disposed of;

(iii) the property known as 220 Belgravia Drive Singapore 804615 or the net
sale proceeds if it has been sold or disposed of;

(iv) the property known as 222 Belgravia Drive Singapore 804616 or the net
sale proceeds if it has been sold or disposed of;

(v) the property known as 574 Hougang Street 51 #14-05 Singapore 530574 or the
net sale proceeds if it has been sold or disposed of;

(vi) Shareholding of the 1st Defendant’s businesses known as Friedrich Frobel
Holding Pte Ltd, Frobel Lilac Preschool Pte Ltd, Nanyang Venture Capital Pte
Ltd or the sale money if any of them have been sold;

(vii) Any money in the 1st Defendant’s account numbered [xxx] at DBS Bank Ltd;

(viii) Any money in the 2nd Defendant’s account numbered [xxx] at United
Overseas Bank Limited; and

(ix) Any money in any bank account of companies that are wholly owned by the
1st Defendant and/or 2nd Defendant.

(c) If the total unencumbered value of the Defendant’s assets in Singapore
exceeds S$9,456,833.73, the Defendants may remove any of those assets from
Singapore or may dispose of or deal with them so long as the total
unencumbered value of their assets still in Singapore remains not less than
S$9,456,833.73.

4 The Committal Application came up for hearing before this court. After
reading the affidavits filed by the plaintiffs in support of the application
as well as the opposing affidavit of the second defendant, and after
considering the submissions made on behalf of the parties, the court found the
three defendants to be in contempt of the Mareva Order and made the following
orders on 21 November 2017:

(a) The first defendant was sentenced to one month’s jail for contempt of
court;

(b) The second defendant was sentenced to two weeks’ jail for contempt of
court, given two weeks to arrange his affairs and he would commence serving
his sentence on 5 December 2017.

5 The second defendant was dissatisfied with this court’s orders and has filed
a notice of appeal (in Civil Appeal No 216 of 2017) against the decision. A
stay on the execution of the order of court made on 21 November 2017 was
granted on 1 December 2017 on the application of the second defendant.

6 It is pertinent to note that the first and fourth defendants had breached
the Mareva Order previously and was found to be in contempt by another court
on 11 September 2017. The first defendant was committed to prison until
further order. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Order of Court dated 11 September 2017 in Summons No 3428 of 2017.

She was subsequently sentenced to another five months’ imprisonment by the
same judge on 27 September 2017 (“the first committal proceedings”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Order of Court dated 27 September 2017 in Summons No 3428 of 2017.

The first defendant did not appeal against her conviction or sentence and was
serving her sentence for the first committal proceedings when she was brought
to court from Changi Prison for the hearing on 21 November 2017. She was
unrepresented and made her own submissions before the court. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Transcript, page 1, lines 14-21.

7 In brief, it was the plaintiffs’ case that despite being found to be in
contempt of court and sentenced to a prison term for breaching the Mareva
Order, the first defendant with the connivance of the second defendant, had
continued to commit further acts of contempt of court subsequent to the first
committal proceedings. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at para 5.

She did this by attempting to dissipate the shareholdings of the fourth
defendant in several companies/kindergartens including Frobel Lilac Preschool
Pte Ltd (“Frobel”).

8 The second defendant on the other hand denied he had breached the Mareva
Order, contending that there had been no dissipation or selling of the fourth
defendant’s shareholding in Frobel. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Second defendant’s submissions at para 23.

In any case he argued, attempts (ie, inchoate actions) to sell the shares in
Frobel were not caught by the terms of the Mareva Order. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Second defendant’s submissions at para 26.

He asserted that it was the first defendant’s intention to seek the
plaintiffs’ consent before she sold off the kindergartens owned/operated by
the fourth defendant. His only participation was to agree to be the point of
contact when sourcing for potential parties interested in the kindergartens. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Second defendant’s submissions at paras 30 and 31.

The affidavits

9 The plaintiffs’ allegation was elaborated on in the 7th affidavit filed by
one of the plaintiffs’ solicitors Chua Yi Ying (“Ms Chua”) on 7 November 2017.
Ms Chua inter alia deposed as follows:

(a) Messages on the Chinese social media WeChat revealed that the first
defendant was involved with a chat group in late August 2017 comprising 218
members and that she sought to sell the fourth defendant’s shareholdings in a
kindergarten it owned. At the time, the first defendant had already been
served with the papers for the first committal proceedings. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Ms Chua’s Affidavit at para 6.

(b) Another message on WeChat on or about 14 September 2017 showed the second
defendant engaged in a conversation with one Wang Xiao Qing in which the
second defendant said he was actively seeking to sell four kindergartens of
the fourth defendant for S$2m. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Ms Chua’s Affidavit at para 9.

(c) On or about 14 September 2017, the defendants’ solicitors, TJ Cheng Law
Corporation (“TJC”), had written to the plaintiffs’ solicitors to inquire if
the plaintiffs were willing to consider allowing the defendants to sell off
the fourth defendant’s assets claiming to preserve the company’s assets. The
plaintiffs’ solicitors replied on 15 September 2017 pointing out that the
defendants were attempting to camouflage/whitewash their illicit acts by
pretending to seek the plaintiffs’ consent belatedly. Nevertheless in order to
consider the defendants’ proposal, the plaintiffs’ solicitors requested
preliminary information on the kindergartens and further information on the
proposed sale. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Ms Chua’s Affidavit at paras 10 and 11.

(d) There was no response from TJC so the plaintiffs’ solicitors sent a
further letter on 19 September 2017 to the former. On or about 22 September
2017, the second defendant discharged TJC as his solicitors and appointed
Fortis Law Corporation (“Fortis”). On or about 4 October 2017, Fortis wrote to
the plaintiffs’ solicitors attempting to distance the second defendant from
the first and fourth defendants by claiming he was uninvolved in any of the
matters relating to the kindergartens. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Ms Chua’s Affidavit at paras 12 and 13.

10 In his affidavit filed on 8 November 2017, the second defendant deposed
that:

(a) Frobel’s only business is to operate a kindergarten located at 47 Kallang
Pudding Road #01-01, The Crescent @ Kallang (“the Kindergarten”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 13.

(b) He was never a shareholder or director of the fourth defendant or of
Frobel. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 15.

(c) There was a lot of bad publicity affecting the defendants arising from the
suit between the plaintiffs and the defendants, ie, Suit No 211 of 2017. In or
around end August 2017, the first defendant was depressed and had expressed to
him her worries about her business suffering losses due to the adverse
publicity. She considered letting other parties take over and operate the
Kindergarten. To that end and purpose, the first defendant said she wanted to
source for buyers through WeChat for an asking price of $150,000. She told him
she would leave his number in her WeChat broadcast and let him deal with
interested parties as he was more proficient in English than she is. At that
juncture, the plaintiffs had already commenced the first committal proceedings
against her so the first defendant was “already very mindful of her actions”.
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at paras 16 and 17.

(d) When the first defendant told him of her intentions to source for
potential buyers, he did not have sufficient knowledge about the fourth
defendant’s or the Kindergarten’s financial position to know whether the first
defendant’s proposition was a viable financial plan. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 18(a).

(e) He did not encourage or help the first defendant to make the WeChat
broadcast, he was not a member of her chat group and was not aware of its
size, purpose, agenda or of the exact contents of her intended broadcast. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 18(b)-(e).

(f) He was under the impression that “the Kindergarten was no longer an asset
but a liability and that [the first defendant’s] intention was simply to halt
the bleeding of her business rather than dissipate any asset”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 18(f).

(g) He was under the impression that the proposed transaction would not
involve any sale of shares in the fourth defendant or of Frobel. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 18(g).

(h) In any case, he was of the view that the first defendant’s intended course
of action was “just a preliminary step taken to ascertain whether there was
interest in the Kindergarten, which would then be brought to the attention of
the plaintiffs before any decision to actually make any transaction could be
done”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 18(h).

11 The second defendant explained that he did not object to being the contact
person in the WeChat broadcast because:

(a) The first defendant was already busy and stressed out by the court case
and ongoing first committal proceedings; 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 19(a).

(b) The first defendant had problems conversing/communicating in English
should potential buyers speak in English; 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 19(b).

(c) It would not be a good idea to get the Kindergarten’s staff involved in
the potential sale of the Kindergarten as it would affect their morale and it
may be prematurely leaked to parents of the Kindergarten’s students; 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 19(c).

(d) He did not think that by being a contact person, he would be doing
anything that would lead to a binding transaction that would have a bearing on
the Mareva Order particularly since the first defendant had already said she
would still seek the plaintiffs’ approval. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 19(d).

(e) The first defendant approached a housing agent (C&H Properties Pte Ltd) to
help her to look for buyers for the Kindergarten. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 20.

12 Notwithstanding his claim in that he did not know the fourth defendant or
the Kindergarten’s financial position (see above at [10(d)]), the second
defendant went on to depose that he had learnt in mid-August 2017 of the
Kindergarten’s precarious financial position – its monthly expenses exceeded
its monthly revenue by about $15,800. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at paras 22 and 23.

In his view, that fortified the first defendant’s view that she could not
continue to operate the Kindergarten as it had become a liability.
Consequently, he felt that the first defendant’s decision to sell the
Kindergarten (after informing the plaintiffs) was sound and reasonable. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 24.

13 The second defendant disclosed that five parties contacted him between 25
and 28 August 2017. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 25.

He showed the parties around the premises of the Kindergarten and told them
its rough financial position. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 26.

None of the parties showed sufficient interest or offered a price. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 27.

He added that after the first defendant was imprisoned on or about 11
September 2017 pursuant to the first committal proceedings, her incarceration
was reported in the press and the resultant adverse publicity affected not
only the Kindergarten but also other kindergartens directly/indirectly owned
by the fourth defendant. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 28.

He had visited the first defendant when she was serving her sentence and told
her of the adverse publicity. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 29.

He said the first defendant felt that the fourth defendant’s financial
position would only worsen. She felt that the only way to salvage the fourth
defendant was to sell all the kindergartens directly/indirectly owned by the
fourth defendant. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 30.

He deposed that on the first defendant’s instructions, he then instructed
their solicitors TJC to inform the plaintiffs’ solicitors (which they did on
14 September 2017) that the business of the fourth defendant was no longer
viable and to inquire whether the plaintiffs were willing to consent to a sale
of some or all of the fourth defendant’s kindergartens on the understanding
that the sale proceedings would be deposited into court. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 31.

14 The second defendant claimed that the reply of the plaintiffs’ solicitors
dated 15 September 2017 was in strong language and contained allegations
against him and the first defendant. The reply did not give the plaintiffs’
consent. Instead, the two defendants were told they should cease all attempts
to dissipate assets or undermine the value of the assets in breach of the
Mareva Order. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 32.

To avoid further unwarranted allegations from the plaintiffs, the second
defendant said he decided to stop entertaining any potential interested
parties thereafter. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 33.

15 Despite stating that the defendants should cease and desist from attempts
to dispose of the fourth defendant’s assets, the second defendant deposed that
the plaintiffs’ solicitors wrote to TJC and Fortis on or about 2 October 2017
to say that he was the most suitable person to follow up on an email from C&H
Properties Pte Ltd that stated someone was interested in purchasing the
kindergartens. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at para 36.

In response to Fortis’ letter dated 4 October 2017 seeking clarification on
their aforesaid letter, the plaintiffs’ solicitors replied on 11 October 2017
to say that the “possibility of preservation of the kindergartens/childcare
centres has since been overtaken by events because of the neglect or otherwise
failure of your client and others acting in concert with him to take timely
and appropriate action”. The reply seemed to suggest that the plaintiffs were
in agreement with the first defendant’s decision to sell the kindergartens,
including the Kindergarten, to salvage the fourth defendant. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at paras 37 and 38.

16 The second defendant asserted that there was never any dissipation or
attempt to dissipate assets that were enjoined as the contemplated sale of the
Kindergarten was done in the ordinary and proper course of business. It was
never his or the first defendant’s intention to harm the plaintiffs in any
way. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit at paras 41 and 44.

17 When she addressed the court, the first defendant claimed she had
unknowingly breached the Mareva order the first time she was found to be in
contempt of court. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript, page 18 at lines 13 and 14.

She had not realised that her attempts to sell the kindergartens to reduce her
losses were in breach of the Mareva order. Since her attempts to sell did not
come to fruition in any event, the first defendant contended (like her
husband) that there was no breach of the Mareva order and hence there no
contempt of court. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Transcript, page 18 at lines 20-27.

18 In the light of the first committal proceedings, this court found it hard
to believe, let alone accept, the first defendant’s explanation that she had
not breached the Mareva order by attempting to find buyers for the
Kindergarten.

The submissions

19 At the outset of the hearing, counsel for the plaintiffs informed the court
that the first defendant had filed a bankruptcy petition and declared herself
a bankrupt on or about 8 November 2017. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript, page 2, lines 1-8.

This was confirmed by the first defendant when she addressed the court. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Transcript, page 19, lines 14 and 15; page 22, lines 4-6.

He pointed out that despite her conviction under the first committal
proceedings, the first defendant had still not learnt her lesson and persisted
in committing further breaches of the Mareva Order. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript, page 10 at lines 22-29.

20 The plaintiffs argued that the first and second defendants’ attempts to
dispose of the kindergartens including the Kindergarten could hardly be
considered to be in the ordinary and proper course of business as the second
defendant claimed. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Transcript, page 13 at lines 30-32; page 14 at lines 1-6.

What was even more egregious conduct on his part was the fact that the second
defendant made excuses in his affidavit for his attempts to sell the
Kindergarten business of the fourth defendant. Not once did he come clean and
apologise or express remorse for his actions. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Transcript, page 14 at lines 7-21.

Counsel pointed out that the second defendant’s excuse that there was no
actual dissipation of assets did not affect the issue of his liability but
would be a factor to be considered in sentencing. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript, page 13 at lines 21-30.

21 The countervailing arguments from the second defendant were:

(a) Apart from the WeChat messages that the fourth defendant was soliciting
the sale of a Singapore kindergarten, there was no proof that the second
defendant intended to sell the Kindergarten business of the fourth defendant
by way of a share sale; 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Transcript, page 25 at lines 11-19.

(b) Frobel was not solely owned by the fourth defendant, it had another
shareholder Wang Jianxiang; 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript, page 27 at lines 14-31.

(c) The Mareva Order did not prohibit inchoate actions – nothing in para 1 of
the Injunction Order prohibited attempts by either the first or second
defendant to dissipate or dispose of assets; 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript, page 30 at lines 4-26.

(d) The two defendants’ actions were carried out in the ordinary and proper
course of business. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript, page 32 at lines 20-28.

The decision

22 It would be appropriate at this stage to look at the exchange of
correspondence that took place between the plaintiffs’ solicitors, M/s Lee &
Lee (“Lee & Lee”), and TJC as that had a bearing on the decision this court
made. I refer in particular to TJC’s letter dated 14 September 2017 (TJC’s
letter”) and Lee & Lee’s reply dated 16 September 2017 (“Lee & Lee’s letter”).
The pertinent extract of TJC’s letter states:

…

2 In light of the further adverse publicity faced by the 4th Defendant, our
clients are of the view that the businesses of the 4th Defendant and its
kindergartens are no longer viable.

3 We are therefore writing to ask if your clients are generally willing to
consider the possibility of our clients selling a few or all of the
kindergartens owned by the subsidiaries of the 4th Defendant. Our clients will
place all proceeds received from the sale into Court. This would be the only
means of preserving the value of the 4th Defendant.

…

23 Save for the last paragraph 7, the full text of Lee & Lee’s letter reads as
follows:

1 We refer to your letter dated 14 September 2017, wherein you raised the
possibility of your clients selling away some or all their Kindergartens.

2 We must state at the outset that we do not accept that the adverse publicity
is the main cause of the non-viability of your clients’ kindergartens. As you
are aware, most if not all the kindergartens were already in poor financial
state even before the Suit was commenced against your clients. The continued
poor financial state of the kindergartens are due to inherent factors
including inapt [sic] or irresponsible management which your clients are
responsible.

3 We are instructed that despite the Committal proceedings, your clients and
in particular the 2nd Defendant had persisted in dissipating the 4th
Defendant’s shareholdings and or its assets in the kindergartens. These
included selling or attempting to sell the kindergartens and siphoning out the
funds from the kindergartens other than for the proper and ordinary purposes
of the kindergartens. Our instructions are that your general query whether our
clients are agreeable to your clients selling the kindergartens is but an
afterthought to try to camouflage and whitewash your clients’ nefarious acts
committed in aggravation of their contempt of the Mareva Injunction Order.

4 Without prejudice to our clients’ position as aforesaid, and to obviate any
unreasonable allegations that our clients are against the preservation of the
value of the assets, we are instructed to state our clients’ position
categorically that they are not against legitimate steps to safeguard the
value of the assets. This is in particular to try to keep the kindergartens as
operating going concerns in the best interests of the teachers, students and
their parents.

5 In this regard and to facilitate our clients’ meaningful consideration of
your clients’ proposals, please let us have the following preliminary
information forthwith:-

a. Which of the kindergartens your clients intend to divest;

b. The current state of the business and finances of the each of the
Kindergartens and supply the bank statements for the immediate three months
prior to the Suit and the monthly bank statements thereafter up todate;

c. Whether your clients have interested purchasers or how else your clients
intend to source for purchasers, specifically whether it would be bona fide
arms-length transactions.

d. Whether your clients have kept their shareholders in the 4th Defendant as
well as in the relevant kindergartens informed of the financial situation and
obtained their inputs on measures to salvage the situation;

e. Any other information that your clients deem necessary or useful for our
clients’ consideration.

6 Pending arrangements made with our clients’ expressed consent in writing,
your clients are reminded and cautioned to cease and desist any dissipation or
attempt to dissipate any of their assets or undermine the value of the assets
in breach of the Mareva Injunction Order.

24 It was necessary for this court to set out the text of Lee & Lee’s letter
as the second defendant had taken (at [14] above) a selective extract from the
letter which was misleading. The plaintiffs did not, as the second defendant
alleged, tell the two defendants in paragraph 6 that “they should cease all
attempts to dissipate assets or undermine the value of the assets in breach of
the Mareva Order” in isolation. That paragraph 6 was subject to paragraph 5
(see above at [23]) where the plaintiffs’ solicitors were asking for details
of the two defendants’ proposal to sell the fourth defendant’s assets. The
second defendant made no mention of paragraph 5 in his reference to Lee &
Lee’s letter.

25 The second defendant had also omitted from his affidavit (deliberately I am
certain) any mention of the fact that he/TJC failed to respond to Lee & Lee’s
letter and their inquiry in paragraph 5 therein notwithstanding a reminder
dated 19 September 2017. At para 3 of the letter dated 19 September 2017, Lee
& Lee raised the complaint that:

… illegitimate transfers and payment out of substantial funds from the
Kindergarten accounts have been made by [the second defendant] and [the first
defendant’s] relatives such that there is now not enough money left to even
pay the salaries of the teachers.

In response to this, TJC’s non-committal reply on 20 September 2017 was that
“we are unaware of the matters as disclosed in your letter and are taking our
clients’ instructions on this matter”.

26 It is telling that by 28 August 2017, according to the second defendant’s
own affidavit (see above at [13]), the second defendant had shown the premises
of the Kindergarten to five prospective buyers. Yet, he failed to disclose
this fact to the plaintiffs’ solicitors in TJC’s letter. Equally, there was no
mention by the second defendant of his attempt to find buyers using the WeChat
platform (see above at [9(b)]). Consequently, the second defendant’s excuse
(at [10(e)] above) that he was not a party to the WeChat group’s broadcast
rang hollow.

27 It was absurd of the second defendant to contend that his attempts to sell
the kindergartens of the fourth defendant did not amount to dissipation of the
fourth defendant’s assets as no sale took place. This argument is akin to
saying that attempts to commit, and abetment of, crimes attract no punishment.
The Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) is replete with examples of punishments
for offences relating to abetment of, and attempts at, commission of various
offences.

28 The second defendant’s alternative argument was that the contemplated sale
of the Kindergarten was done in the ordinary and proper course of the business
of the fourth defendant. Such an argument puts a strained interpretation on
the words “in the ordinary and proper course of business”. In the court’s
view, the hiring and firing of teachers for the kindergartens operated by the
fourth defendant would be done in the ordinary and proper course of the fourth
defendant’s business. So too would the renting of premises for operating its
kindergartens. It was certainly not in the ordinary and proper course of the
fourth defendant’s business to sell its kindergarten businesses or the
Kindergarten or to sell its shares to third parties.

29 It speaks volumes of the conduct and culpability of the first defendant
that another judge/court imposed on her a sentence of more than five months’
imprisonment for breach of the Mareva Order under the first committal
proceedings. The heavy sentence (by the first defendant’s own admission before
this court 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript, page 20 at lines 3-6.

) reflected the court’s strong disapproval of her blatant breach and contempt
of an order of court. Yet the first defendant appeared not to have learnt her
lesson. Instead, she embarked on further attempts to breach the same order of
court, this time with the help and connivance of her husband, the second
defendant.

30 No extenuating circumstances were put forward by the second defendant as to
why this court should exercise its discretion to overlook his deliberate
attempts to breach the Mareva Order. Far worse was the fact that the second
defendant made no apologies or express remorse for his attempted breaches; his
attitude was one of self-righteousness.

31 As the court was not persuaded by the arguments put forth by and on behalf
of the second defendant, the Committal Application was granted against him as
well as against the first defendant.

Lai Siu Chiu  
Senior Judge

Quek Mong Hua, Chua Yi Ying and Yik Shu Ying (Yi Shu Ying) (Lee & Lee) for the
plaintiffs;  
The first defendant in person;  
Goh Kim Thong Andrew and Nicholas Yong Yoong Han (Fortis Law Corporation) for
the second defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

