Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 95

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9312/2017/01

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Ong Heng Chua  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9312/2017/02

Between

| Ong Heng Chua  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

JUDGMENT

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Ong Heng Chua and another appeal

[2018] SGHC 95

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal Nos 9312/2017/01 and 9312/2017/02  
See Kee Oon J  
14 February 2018

25 April 2018 Judgment reserved.

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 Both the Prosecution and Ong Heng Chua (“the offender”) have appealed
against the sentence of a fine and a disqualification order in respect of a
charge of causing grievous hurt by a negligent act which endangered human
life, an offence under s 338(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). The
charge read as follows:

You…..are charged that you, on 25 November 2016, at or about 4.50am, being the
taxi driver of SH9458L, at the entrance of the carpark of Blk 343 Ubi Ave 1,
Singapore, did cause grievous hurt to one Gwee Wan, the rider of motorcycle
FX9777K, by doing an act so negligently as to endanger the personal safety of
others, to wit, by failing to follow the directional sign of the road,
allowing your vehicle to encroach into the opposite side of the road against
the flow of traffic, thereby colliding into the said Gwee Wan and causing her
to sustain serious injuries and fractures, and you have therefore committed an
offence punishable under Section 338(b) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

2 The offender pleaded guilty to the charge in the District Court, and was
sentenced to a fine of $5,000 (in default 5 weeks’ imprisonment) and
disqualification from holding or obtaining all classes of driving licences for
18 months. The Prosecution appealed against the sentence of a fine, and
submitted that a custodial term of one week is warranted. The offender
appealed only against the disqualification order of 18 months, and submitted
that a disqualification order of six months is appropriate.

3 Having heard submissions from the parties, I allow the Prosecution’s appeal
against sentence and dismiss the offender’s appeal.

Facts

4 The facts are set out in the statement of facts which the offender had
admitted to without qualification. The in-car camera footage from the taxi
which the offender was driving at the material time had also been admitted in
evidence.

5 As stated in the statement of facts, on 25 November 2016, at about 4.50
a.m., the offender was driving his taxi along Ubi Avenue 1 towards Ubi Avenue
2 on a single lane two-way road. Upon reaching the entrance of the HDB open-
air carpark of Block 343 Ubi Avenue 1, the offender made a wide left turn into
the said carpark. While completing the left turn, his taxi began to travel in
the middle of the opposite lane of the entrance to the carpark. The right half
of his taxi was encroaching into the opposite side of the road and therefore
going against the road direction. The offender then continued to drive into
the carpark with his car straddling the opposite lane, instead of moving back
into his own lane. According to his mitigation, he did so because he noticed
that the road ahead “inevitably merged into a single lane of road with no lane
markings” and had “decided to prematurely travel in the middle of the road in
anticipation of the merging lane” 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Mitigation at para 12, found at ROP p 64.

.

6 At the same time, the victim, a 55-year-old female, was leaving the said
carpark on her motorcycle. As the victim was making a left turn from a side
road of the carpark, which was on the offender’s right, the right side of the
front of the offender’s taxi collided into her motorcycle. The victim had
failed to stop at the stop line before making the left turn after leaving the
carpark.

7 As a result of the collision, the victim suffered the following injuries:

(a) Left proximal humerus fracture;

(b) Left distal radius fracture;

(c) Left fibula head and Gerdy’s tubercle fracture; and

(d) Left thigh laceration.

The victim was treated with Open Reduction Internal Fixation 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Medical Report for Gwee Wan at ROP p 8.

. She was warded on 25 November 2016 and was discharged on 7 December 2016
with 32 days of medical leave.

8 At the time of the accident, the road surface was dry, traffic volume was
light and visibility was good.

9 The Prosecution sought a sentence of one week’s imprisonment and at least 18
months’ disqualification from all classes of driving licences. The offender
sought a fine of not more than $4,000 and no disqualification order. He was
sentenced to a fine of $5,000 (in default 5 weeks’ imprisonment) and
disqualification from holding or obtaining all classes of driving licence for
18 months with effect from 4 October 2017. The fine of $5,000 has been paid
and the order of disqualification stayed pending appeal.

The proceedings below

10 The District Judge’s grounds of decision is reported at Public Prosecutor v
Ong Heng Chua [2017] SGMC 63 (“GD”).

11 In the court below, the Prosecution submitted orally that the custodial
threshold was crossed because the culpability of the offender was high and the
injuries sustained by the victim were significant: the offender had driven his
vehicle against the flow of traffic and continued to travel in the middle of
the two lanes without showing any effort to get his car back into his own
lane; he had a bad driving record; and he had caused the victim to sustain
serious bodily hurt. The Prosecution submitted that one week’s imprisonment
and at least 18 months’ disqualification were warranted.

12 On the other hand, the offender argued that only a fine was warranted. He
submitted that he had slowed down substantially to about 10 to 15 km/h when he
made the left turn. It was also submitted that the victim herself had failed
to stop at the stop line and had instead made an abrupt and sharp left turn
out from the minor road. As a result, she appeared in his line of sight
suddenly and he could not take any evasive action except to apply the brakes.
The offender further argued that his acts of assistance by calling the
ambulance and the police and remaining at the scene, as well as his remorse
and cooperation with the police should be given mitigating weight.

13 The District Judge considered at the outset that the main sentencing
consideration was deterrence and that this might be achieved by the imposition
of a high fine and a disqualification order. A custodial sentence was not the
default punishment for s 338(b) of the Penal Code.

14 The District Judge went on to consider the level of harm and culpability of
the offender. At [18] of the GD, he considered that the victim suffered
fractures and was hospitalised and discharged with 32 days of medical leave.
He noted the absence of any indication of permanent physical disability and
any loss of limb. He also considered the harm caused to her motorcycle. He
concluded that the level of harm caused was serious.

15 The District Judge found that the offender was driving against the road
direction for quite a distance (at [20] of the GD). The visibility was good
but it was still dark. He did not accept that the offender had slowed down to
10 to 15 km/h right before the collision but he agreed that there could have
been slowing-down due to the presence of a road hump (at [21] of GD). There
was no evidence to support the contention that the design of the inward curb
of the road would require road users to veer their vehicles to the right,
contrary to the offender’s submission. As for the victim, she exited the car
park without stopping at the stop line. At [24] of the GD, the District Judge
concluded that the offender’s culpability was low in the circumstances, noting
in particular the failure of the victim to stop at the stop line, the location
of the accident, and that there was no evidence of speeding on the part of the
offender.

16 The District Judge gave weight to the offender’s early plea of guilt, and
gave him credit for surrendering the video card from his in-vehicle camera,
and for rendering assistance and calling the ambulance. The District Judge
also found that the offender’s bad driving record warranted a deterrent
sentence in the form of a high fine and a disqualification order, but not a
custodial sentence. The factor that tipped in favour of a non-custodial
sentence was the failure on the part of the victim to stop at the stop line
(at [26] of the GD).

The appeal

17 In their submissions on appeal, both the Prosecution and the offender made
reference to Tang Ling Lee v PP [2018] SGHC 18 (“Tang Ling Lee”), where I had
set out the sentencing framework for causing grievous hurt by a negligent act
which endangered human life under s 338(b) of the Penal Code in the context of
road traffic accidents. The Prosecution submitted for a custodial sentence of
one week’s imprisonment based on the framework. The Prosecution submitted that
the offender’s culpability was moderate: the offender had flouted traffic
rules by substantially encroaching into the opposite lane, driving against the
flow of traffic and effectively driving in the middle of two lanes for a few
seconds before colliding into the victim. The Prosecution also argued that the
victim’s negligence had no bearing on the offender’s culpability based on Guay
Seng Tiong Nickson v PP [2016] 3 SLR 1079 (“Nickson Guay”). As the level of
harm caused was moderate, the Prosecution argued that the case fell under
Category 2 of the framework set out in Tang Ling Lee, for which the
presumptive sentence was one to two weeks’ imprisonment. The Prosecution
further submitted that too little weight was placed by the District Judge on
the offender’s bad driving record. Lastly, the Prosecution argued that the
disqualification order of 18 months was not manifestly excessive.

18 On the other hand, the offender argued that his culpability was low in
comparison with various precedents, including PP v Lim Pui Kee [2016] SGMC 15
(“Lim Pui Kee”); PP v Han Peck Hoe [2014] SGDC 58 (“Han Peck Hoe”) and PP v
Lee-Teh Har Eng (Magistrate’s Appeal No 9099 of 2016) (“Lee-Teh Har Eng”). It
was submitted that what the offender did was different from the precedents
where the accused collided with other road users who had the right of way due
to a failure to keep a proper lookout, where the accused made illegal U-turns,
and where the accused failed to conform to traffic light signals. In contrast,
the offender had slowed down after the road hump, checked for any oncoming
vehicles and the victim did not have the right of way. The failure of the
offender was in not keeping to his lane and not following the directional sign
of the road, which did not warrant a custodial sentence. The offender further
submitted that the District Judge had already accorded appropriate weight to
the extent of injuries suffered by the offender, as well as the offender’s
driving record.

19 In his appeal against the disqualification order of 18 months, the offender
argued that greater weight should have been placed on the negligent conduct of
the victim and on the mitigating factors. It was also submitted by the
offender that the disqualification order of 18 months was not in line with
precedents. The offender contended that a disqualification order of six months
was appropriate.

My decision

20 The central issue before this court is whether the sentence of a $5,000
fine and 18 months’ disqualification is correct. Within this issue is the
effect of the victim’s negligence on the culpability of the offender. To be
clear, the victim’s negligence goes towards the sentencing and not the
liability of the offender, which was not disputed since the offender had
pleaded guilty and it was clear that the offender’s negligence was a
substantial cause of the victim’s injuries (see [38] of Nickson Guay). I will
deal with the appeal against the fine first, followed by the appeal against
the disqualification order.

Whether the custodial threshold is crossed

21 Both parties are in agreement that the framework set out in Tang Ling Lee
applies to the present facts. I recognise, however, that the District Judge
did not have the benefit of reference to the judgment in Tang Ling Lee at the
relevant time. After surveying the case law for road traffic cases under s
338(b) of the Penal Code, I had, in Tang Ling Lee, set down a basic analytical
framework outlining presumptive sentencing ranges to foster greater
consistency and predictability. The main considerations in determining the
appropriate sentence are the level of harm and the culpability of the offender
(at [25] of Tang Ling Lee), and the presumptive sentences are pegged to the
different levels of harm and culpability.

22 There are three sentencing bands set out at [31] of Tang Ling Lee for road
traffic cases under s 338(b) of the Penal Code where the accused claims trial.
Category 1 applies to cases involving lesser harm and lower culpability, and
the applicable presumptive sentencing range is a fine. Category 2 applies to
cases involving greater harm and lower culpability, or lesser harm and higher
culpability, and the applicable presumptive sentencing range is one to two
weeks’ imprisonment. Category 3 applies to cases where there is greater harm
and higher culpability and the applicable presumptive sentencing range is more
than two weeks’ imprisonment.

Level of harm

23 I explained at [25] of Tang Ling Lee that in the context of s 338(b)
offences, the degree of harm caused would generally refer to the nature and
degree of the grievous bodily injury caused to the victim(s). The period of
hospitalisation leave or medical leave would be a relevant consideration
insofar as it represents a medical professional’s opinion as to the length of
time required for treatment of the injuries and for the victim to resume his
daily activities (at [26] of Tang Ling Lee).

24 There is a greater level of harm where there are injuries of a very serious
or permanent nature and/or which necessitate significant surgical procedures.
In this connection, serious long-term injuries occasioned to the victim, such
as loss of limb, sight or hearing or paralysis in particular would cause the
case to fall under either Category 2 or Category 3 depending on the
culpability of the offender (at [35] and [36] of Tang Ling Lee). In Tang Ling
Lee itself, the victim suffered multiple fractures, and had to undergo 12
surgeries in the span of two months. He was hospitalised for 69 days and upon
his discharge, he was given 180 days’ hospitalisation leave. Accordingly, I
found in that case that the injuries were very serious.

25 In the present case, the victim suffered from a left proximal humerus
fracture, a left distal radius fracture and a left fibula head and Gerdy’s
tubercle fracture that were treated with Open Reduction Internal Fixation, and
a left thigh laceration that was treated with left thigh wound debridement and
exploration. She was warded for 13 days and discharged with 32 days’
hospitalisation leave. There is no indication of any permanent injury,
paralysis or loss of limb, sight or hearing. It is unclear from the available
evidence whether the Open Reduction Internal Fixation surgery is a significant
surgical procedure. Compared to the injuries sustained by the victim in Tang
Ling Lee, the injuries suffered by the victim in the present case are not very
serious or permanent.

26 In this connection, I note that the District Judge had overlooked the fact
that the evidence before him contained the victim’s medical report which
reflects that a surgical procedure was undertaken (ie, the Open Reduction
Internal Fixation) (at [18] of the GD). Nonetheless, he concluded that the
level of harm caused was serious. Applying the framework in Tang Ling Lee, the
Prosecution quite fairly took the considered view that the degree of harm was
moderate. I see no reason to disagree.

Level of culpability

27 The degree of culpability would generally refer to the degree of relative
blameworthiness disclosed by an offender’s actions, and is measured chiefly in
relation to the extent and manner of the offender’s involvement in the
criminal act (ie, the manner of driving) (at [25] of Tang Ling Lee). In
relation to the manner of driving, some examples of situations where
culpability would be increased include speeding, drink-driving, sleepy
driving, driving while under the influence of drugs, driving while using a
mobile phone, flouting traffic rules, driving against the flow of traffic or
off the road, involvement in a car chase or a racing competition, or
exhibiting poor control of his vehicle (at [28] of Tang Ling Lee). The
circumstances surrounding the incident should also be taken into account. This
would include instances where the offender drives without a licence or while
under disqualification (at [29] of Tang Ling Lee).

28 In the present case, the offender flouted traffic rules and drove against
the flow of traffic. As can be seen in the in-car camera footage, the
offender’s taxi was way beyond the central divider after he turned left into
the lane leading to the entrance of the open-air car park at Block 343 Ubi
Avenue 1. He continued to encroach into at least half of the lane meant for
oncoming traffic. Furthermore, the offender continued driving in this way and
did not move back to his own lane, ostensibly because he noticed that the road
ahead “inevitably merged into a single lane of road with no lane markings” 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Mitigation at para 12, found at ROP p 64.

. It was a deliberate decision on the offender’s part to drive his taxi in the
middle of the two lanes, with little regard for the safety of other road
users. Although it was about 4.50 a.m. in the morning, there were still other
road users on the road, as seen from the in-car camera footage.

29 Furthermore, the road where the collision occurred is narrow. Therefore,
the offender should have taken even greater care not to encroach into the
opposing lane. The in-car camera footage also shows that he had been driving
rather fast along Ubi Avenue 1 before executing the left turn at Block 343 Ubi
Avenue 1. He had earlier overtaken another taxi at considerable speed by
moving partially into the opposite lane along Ubi Avenue 1. After turning left
at Block 343 Ubi Avenue 1, he was compelled to slow down only by two road
humps right before the collision took place. In addition, as is evident from
the in-car camera footage, the victim’s headlight could be seen to the right
of the offender before the victim made the turn. Taking all the circumstances
into consideration, the offender’s culpability is at least at a moderate
level. Certainly, it cannot be said that it falls within the lowest end of the
spectrum.

30 The next issue is whether the negligence of the victim diminishes the
culpability of the offender. The District Judge evidently placed considerable
emphasis on the fact that the victim was negligent in not stopping at the stop
line before making the left turn, concluding (at [26] of the GD) that this
factor “tipped in favour of the Accused for a non-custodial sentence”. The
offender also argued strongly in his submissions that his culpability was
reduced by the negligence of the victim. With respect, I do not agree that
this reasoning is correct. The law in this area, as established in Nickson
Guay, is clear. Where the conduct of the victim or a third party has a direct
bearing on the culpability of the offender, it should, in keeping with the
principle of proportionality, be taken into account when determining the
sentence ([65] of Nickson Guay). On the other hand, where the conduct of the
victim or a third party, whether negligent or otherwise, has materially
contributed to the outcome for which the offender is being charged, but has no
bearing on the culpability of the offender, it should not affect the sentence
to be imposed (at [70] of Nickson Guay).

31 In Nickson Guay, the court held that the failure to properly secure the
deceased, a two-month-old infant, in an approved restraint was not a relevant
consideration in sentencing since it could have no bearing on the negligence
of the appellant; the fact remained that the appellant drove across the cross
junction without keeping a proper lookout. Nickson Guay can be contrasted with
the English case of R v Smith [2011] EWCA Crim 2844 (“Smith”), which was
considered by the court in Nickson Guay. In Smith, the driver collided into a
74-year-old man, causing him to sustain fatal injuries. The collision occurred
on a rural road where there was no ambient lighting and no footpath for
pedestrians. The victim was walking on the road about 1.1 metres from the road
kerb in the same direction that the accused was driving, and was wearing a
black jacket, dark trousers and brown shoes. The court noted that the road
surface was dark and offered no contrast in shape and colour to the deceased.
The accused was driving at 55 mph (the speed limit was 60 mph) with dipped
headlights. In reducing the sentence from four years’ imprisonment to 30
months’ imprisonment, the English Court of Appeal noted that the actions of
the victim contributed significantly to the likelihood of collision. The
conduct of the victim in the case had a bearing on the negligence of the
offender and could be said to have diminished his culpability (at [66] of
Nickson Guay).

32 The Prosecution and the offender have also referred me to PP v David Joseph
John [2017] SGMC 25 (“David Joseph”), a recent case concerning the effect of
the victim’s negligence in road traffic accidents. The accused had collided
into a victim who had jaywalked across the road wearing light-coloured
clothing on the upper half of his body. The district court held that the
deceased’s act of jaywalking had mitigated the extent of the accused’s
blameworthiness and the custodial threshold was not crossed as a result. On
the prosecution’s appeal against sentence, the High Court substituted the fine
with a sentence of two weeks’ imprisonment, accepting that the deceased’s act
of jaywalking did not affect the culpability of the accused.

33 It is only in unique circumstances such as those in Smith that the
culpability of the accused will be affected. The present case is more
analogous to Nickson Guay or David Joseph John than Smith. The negligence of
the victim did not affect the offender’s negligence in encroaching into the
lane of oncoming traffic and driving in the middle of two lanes. This is not
to say that the victim did not contribute at all to the collision, but rather
that her negligence did nothing to affect the offender’s culpability. I find
that the District Judge erred in placing great weight on the victim’s
negligence in sentencing the offender to a fine instead of a custodial term.

34 In considering the factors set out at [27]–[29] above, I conclude that the
culpability of the accused is moderate. The harm caused, while not
insignificant, is not very serious and can be properly characterised as
moderate. The offender falls within Category 2 of the framework set out in
Tang Ling Lee, for which the starting point is an imprisonment term of one to
two weeks.

Mitigating and aggravating factors

35 The court can make further adjustments taking into account the relevant
mitigating and aggravating factors (at [32] of Tang Ling Lee) after
determining the presumptive sentencing range. Examples of relevant mitigating
factors may include an offender’s timely plea of guilt, stopping to render
assistance to the victim(s), a good driving record, and evidence of remorse.
Relevant aggravating factors, on the other hand, may include the existence of
similar antecedents, which are indicative of persistent or prolonged bad
driving.

36 There are both mitigating and aggravating factors in the present case. To
his credit, the offender had pleaded guilty at the first opportunity, had
stopped to render assistance to the victim and had called for an ambulance and
notified the police.

37 On the other hand, the offender also has a history of bad driving on
record, with 16 counts of non-parking related traffic offences for which he
was given composition fines and various demerit points since 1998. These
offences included speeding, failing to conform to red signal lights,
unauthorised U-turns and inconsiderate driving. His last violation took place
on 14 February 2016, about 10 months prior to the present offence. The full
list is as follows:

S/N| Offence Date| Details| Outcome  
---|---|---|---  
1\. | 11 Sep 199812.18 a.m. | Speeding at 81-90 km/h on a 60 km/h road| $150 composition fine 6 demerit points  
2\. | 29 Sep 19981.42 a.m.| Speeding at 81-90 km/h on a 50 km/h road | $170 composition fine8 demerit points  
3\. | 20 Mar 20007.49 p.m.| Failing to conform to red light signal| $200 composition fine 12 demerit points  
4\. | 15 Sep 20008.33 p.m.| Making an unauthorised U-turn| $70 composition fine  
5\. | 15 Aug 200212.59 a.m.| Speeding at 91-110 km/h on a 90 km/h road | $130 composition fine 4 demerit points  
6\. | 27 Dec 20041.43 a.m.| Speeding at 121-130 km/h on a 90 km/h road| $170 composition fine 8 demerit points  
7\. | 7 Aug 20051.12 a.m.| Speeding at 81-90 km/h on a 50 km/h road| $170 composition fine 8 demerit points  
8\. | 21 Nov 2009 12.29 a.m.| Speeding at 71-90 km/h on a 70 km/h road| $130 composition fine4 demerit points  
9\. | 24 Mar 20109.09 p.m.| Making an unauthorised U-turn| $70 composition fine   
10\. | 12 Feb 2012 2.51 a.m.| Speeding at 121-130 km/h on a 90 km/h road | $170 composition fine8 demerit points  
11\. | 7 Jul 201210.58 p.m.| Speeding at 71-90 km/h on a 70 km/h road | $130 composition fine 4 demerit points  
12\. | 17 Oct 20139.32 a.m.| Speeding at 71-90 km/h on a 70 km/h road| $130 composition fine 4 demerit points  
13\. | 3 Jan 20144.04 a.m.| Speeding at 101-110 km/h on a 80 km/h road| $150 composition fine 5 demerit points  
14\. | 5 Jan 20143.59 a.m.| Speeding at 81-100 km/h on a 80 km/h road| $130 composition fine 4 demerit points  
15\. | 22 Oct 20144.51 a.m.| Inconsiderate driving | $300 ATOMS Court fine 9 demerit points   
16\. | 14 Feb 201610.12 p.m.| Speeding at 111-120 km/h on a 90 km/h road | $150 composition fine 6 demerit points  
  
38 In the above list, SN 15 is directly relevant to the present appeal. SNs 3,
4 and 9 are also relevant because they also involve the failure to adhere to
road signage.

39 I held in PP v Koh Thiam Huat [2017] 4 SLR 1099 (“Koh Thiam Huat”) that an
offence under the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed) (“RTA”) (or its
subsidiary legislation) which has been compounded can be taken into account
for sentencing purposes, and I explained the rationale for doing so at
[51]–[60] of the judgment. In the present case, the offender did not dispute
that his record of compounded offences could properly be taken into account.
This case nevertheless affords an opportunity to further examine why an
offender’s record of compounded offences ought to be a relevant sentencing
consideration insofar as road traffic violations are concerned.

40 Like composition schemes for minor regulatory offences, the composition
scheme for road traffic offences was created to deal with the efficient
disposition of less serious traffic violations. This purpose was alluded to in
Parliament by the then Minister for Home Affairs and Second Minister for Law,
Professor S. Jayakumar, in the second reading of the Road Traffic (Amendment)
Bill on 30 August 1985, during which he explained that the rationale for
increasing the maximum composition amount was so that “most road offences
could be compounded by the Traffic Police instead of being referred to the
court” and “[o]nly the more serious offences will be referred to the courts”.

41 Although no further proceedings are to be taken against the driver in
respect of the offence on payment of the composition sum under s 135(1A) of
the RTA, this does not mean that a composition carries no consequence
whatsoever and can be conveniently ignored. This is well-illustrated by the
following examples. A prior composition sets the basis for a higher
composition fine to be imposed for subsequent offending, such as in the case
of illegal parking offences 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

See “Targeted measures to deter illegal parking” dated 22 December 2014 on the
Land Transport Authority of Singapore website (last accessed on 23 April
2018).

(which are compoundable offences under Road Traffic (Composition of Offences)
Rules (GN No S 110/1986) read with Road Traffic Rules (GN No S 171/1981) and s
135(2) of the RTA). Under s 110A(5) of the RTA, it is specifically provided
that an offer of composition is to be treated as if the driver had been
convicted of that offence for the purposes of determining whether the driver
had been convicted of a relevant offence.

42 From what I have outlined in the preceding paragraph, this plainly
demonstrates that composition is a relevant indicia of a person’s driving
record. It is wholly illogical to suggest that merely because offences have
been compounded, the offender’s slate of traffic violations is somehow wiped
clean irrespective of the number of compounded offences he has amassed. If the
offender’s record reveals a slew of compounded traffic offences, he is no less
a “repeat offender” with a poor driving record in the eyes of the court. Put
simply, an offender’s driving record remains a highly relevant sentencing
consideration, even if the record consists entirely of compounded offences. If
his slate is truly spotlessly clean or merely contains a few isolated
blemishes, then the court would justifiably pay no heed to it.

43 As I have explained in Koh Thiam Huat (at [55]), the issue of the relevance
of composition of a traffic offence for sentencing purposes is separate and
distinct from the question whether composition amounts to an acquittal. The
offender may have no prior court convictions but his driving record remains
potentially relevant as a sentencing consideration notwithstanding that. All
the more so when the offender in question has accumulated 16 compounded
offences with corresponding demerit points.

44 I am also conscious of at least two decisions at the High Court level which
establish that composition of an offence does not amount to an implied
admission of guilt (Re Lim Chor Pee [1990] 2 SLR(R) 117 and Rajamanikam
Ramachandran v Chan Teck Yuen and Another [1998] SGHC 259). The judgment of L
P Thean J (as he then was) on behalf of the court in Re Lim Chor Pee was cited
with approval by Yong Pung How CJ in PP v Lim Niah Liang [1996] 3 SLR(R) 702
(“Lim Niah Liang”), at [18]. Yong CJ reiterated the need to scrupulously
observe the principle of autrefois acquit so that an offender who has
compounded an offence is not tried again for the same offence. This point is
uncontroversial but of no relevance to the present discussion.

45 What is pertinent is that in Lim Niah Liang, Yong CJ went on to hold (at
[23]) that given the relatively straightforward nature of littering offences,
where most offenders are observed and thence caught red-handed by enforcement
officers, it would “not be inconceivable” that composition of such offences
amounts to an admission of guilt. I have set out my views in Koh Thiam Huat
(at [57]–[60]) as to why I found these observations instructive. Traffic
enforcement cameras, especially those recording vehicle speeds or capturing
vehicles beating red lights, are hardly new or unfamiliar technologies in our
enforcement landscape. They have become increasingly sophisticated and more
reliable and prevalent over time. Turning to the present case, the offender
had compounded 12 speeding offences and one offence of failing to conform to a
red light signal out of 16 compounded offences in all. In all likelihood, he
would have had no viable defence to any of these 13 enumerated offences, since
he was probably quite literally caught in the act, whether by an enforcement
officer or through enforcement technologies which recorded his violation(s).
Unsurprisingly, he did not attempt to suggest otherwise either in the
proceedings below or before me.

46 An accused person’s bad driving record is relevant in the case of an
offence involving driving because it reflects his attitude towards road safety
as well as his unwillingness to comply with the law. Such a record reflects a
continuing attitude of disobedience of the law, especially in the case of the
present offender, for he has a long string of compositions for traffic
violations. The need for specific deterrence indicates that a more severe
penalty is warranted. In PP v Aw Tai Hock [2017] 5 SLR 1141, Steven Chong JA
echoed my sentiments in Koh Thiam Huat (at [60]) in this regard and accepted
that the court may take into account a compounded offence to better give
effect to this need (at [27] of Aw Tai Hock).

47 Moreover, s 228(2)(c) of the Criminal Procedural Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed)
stipulates that the Prosecution’s address on sentence may include “any
relevant factors which may affect the sentence”. A bad driving record as
demonstrated by a long history of compounded traffic offences is
incontrovertibly one such relevant consideration. Taking into account the
accused’s driving history allows for a more holistic approach in assessing the
level of specific deterrence necessary in the particular case. It would also
better serve the need for general deterrence and retribution where
appropriate.

48 The District Judge was conscious of the offender’s bad driving record but
he observed that this had to be viewed in the context of him being a taxi
driver for a period of 39 years (at [26] of GD). This may have been no more
than a passing remark simply commenting on the relative frequency of the
commission of driving offences measured against the offender’s lengthy driving
experience. However, it would appear that the District Judge was in fact
implying that some leniency could be accorded to the offender because he was a
taxi driver who had spent long hours and many years on the road and for whom
there was perhaps a higher probability of committing traffic violations
compared to other drivers. With respect, the District Judge had taken an
unjustifiably lenient view in determining the weight to attached to the
offender’s driving record. Working as a taxi driver as a means of one’s
livelihood arguably means that one should take even more care while driving
since others’ lives and personal safety are in one’s hands. There is no cogent
basis to hold taxi drivers to a lower standard of care or allow them more
leeway as far as requirements to abide by traffic rules are concerned.

49 Moreover, the Prosecution is correct in submitting that little weight
should be placed on the handing over of the in-car camera footage by the
offender since he had done so merely in compliance with a Police order. It
would have been an aggravating factor if he had resisted doing so, or worse,
tampered with or deleted the footage. Nevertheless, the fact that he had
cooperated with the Police, had called for the ambulance and remained at the
scene to render assistance are mitigating factors. He had pleaded guilty.
Notwithstanding his attempt to argue that the victim’s negligence was relevant
in diminishing his culpability, I accept that he was remorseful and willing to
assume responsibility for his conduct.

50 Taking all the circumstances into account, I conclude that the custodial
threshold is crossed. I allow the Prosecution’s appeal and impose a sentence
of one week’s imprisonment.

The appeal against the disqualification order

51 The offender appealed against his disqualification order of 18 months on
two primary grounds. First, he contended that greater weight should have been
placed on the negligent conduct of the victim. The effect of the victim’s
negligence on the offender’s culpability has already been addressed at
[30]–[33] above. The victim’s failure to stop at the stop-line has no bearing
on the offender’s culpability, and is of no mitigating effect. Second, the
offender submitted that the disqualification order of 18 months was not in
line with precedents, and that a disqualification order of six months was
appropriate.

52 An appropriate period of disqualification should be ordered in a s 338(b)
road traffic case, as I have set out at [33] of Tang Ling Lee. I will first
survey the s 338(b) road traffic sentencing precedents in relation to the
disqualification periods imposed, before setting out the relevant
considerations in deciding the appropriate disqualification period and
applying them to the facts of this appeal.

Analysis of sentencing precedents

53 In the cases that the offender cited in his appellate submissions 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

At [19] of offender’s submissions.

, the disqualification periods range from 8 months to 3 years. These cases are
Lim Pui Kee; PP v Toh Beng Guan (Magistrate’s Arrest Case No 904893 of 2014);
Han Peck Hoe; PP v Leow Yong Huat (Magistrate’s Arrest Case No 900709 of
2015); PP v Mehta Manisha Sood (Magistrate’s Arrest Case No 900577 of 2015)
and Lee-Teh Har Eng. Out of the six cases cited, only three are reported at
first instance. I will only discuss the three reported cases since unreported
decisions are of limited assistance.

54 In Lim Pui Kee, the accused, a 70-year-old taxi driver, failed to keep a
proper lookout at the pedestrian crossing while making a right turn, colliding
into the victim who was cycling across the pedestrian crossing when the
pedestrian crossing light was green. The 74-year-old victim sustained serious
injuries, including traumatic left acute subdural haematoma, subarachnoid
bleeding, left lateral ventricle and midline shift of 10–11 mm of right side,
diffuse cerebral oedema, fractures on his right frontal bone, and was warded
for 264 days. The court surveyed the precedents and imposed a disqualification
order of 12 months on the basis that it was a momentary lapse by the accused
and there was no particularly aggravating factor (at [20] of Lim Pui Kee). The
court also took into account both the accused and the victim’s ages. The
accused had no similar antecedents.

55 In Han Peck Hoe, the accused made an illegal U-turn and collided into the
victim and her grandson as a result, knocking the grandson to the left of the
road and dragging the victim along the road for about 25 metres before coming
to a stop. The accused did not realise he had collided into them until he saw
passers-by attending to the grandson and until his passenger alerted him to
the victim. The victim sustained serious injuries, namely right hip posterior
dislocation with fractured posterior margin of the acetabulum, transected
right popliteal artery/popliteal vein with acute right limb ischemia,
lacerated wound at the lateral aspect of the right knee, left side multiple
rib fractures with subcutaneous emphysema and pneumothorax, left clavicle
fracture, right lower limb open, comminuted fracture at mid tibia and fibula
with extensive soft tissue injury at the right lower thigh and calf, and right
calcaneal fracture. She was warded for a total of 60 days. A disqualification
order of three years was imposed. In imposing the sentence, the court took
into account the high culpability of the accused and the two charges taken
into consideration for the purposes of sentencing, one under s 338(b) of the
Penal Code and the other under Rule 13(1) of the Road Traffic Rules. The
appeal by the accused in Magistrate’s Appeal No 23 of 2014 was dismissed by
the High Court but no grounds of decision was provided.

56 Lastly, in Lee-Teh Har Eng, the accused failed to keep a proper lookout
when executing a right turn, and collided into the victim who was proceeding
straight from the opposite direction and had the right of way, causing the
victim to sustain fractures. The victim was warded for 44 days and given
hospitalisation leave of 7 months and 9 days. On appeal, the court accepted
the appellant in that case was genuinely confused, distracted and disoriented
while driving in an unfamiliar set of road conditions and facing an unusual
traffic signal setting, where the signalised junction was not programmed to
show any red or amber traffic light signals. She was sentenced to three years’
disqualification.

57 In Lim Pui Kee, as the court determined that there was no particularly
aggravating factor in that case. On the other hand, the culpability of the
accused in Han Peck Hoe was clearly high. In making an illegal U-turn, he paid
no regard for the safety of other road users and did not even notice the two
pedestrians and did not realise he had collided into them at the point of
collision. As for Lee-Teh Har Eng, the accident was a result of the accused’s
genuine confusion, but a three-year disqualification was imposed nonetheless.

58 A brief survey of various reported s 338(b) road traffic cases shows that
the disqualification periods imposed are generally within the range of 12
months to 3 years. At the lower end of the range are cases such as PP v Sia
Chee Han [2015] SGMC 18 (“Sia Chee Han”) and PP v Zhang Xiang Guo [2015] SGDC
98 (“Zhang Xiang Guo”), where a 12-month disqualification period was imposed.
At the other end of the range are cases such as Kaleeswaran Sudarsan v PP
[2017] SGMC 67 (“Kaleeswaran Sudarsan”), PP v Lim Gim Chye [2017] SGMC 60
(“Lim Gim Chye”) and PP v Koh Saw Khim [2015] SGMC 38 (“Koh Saw Khim”) where a
disqualification period of three years was imposed (on appeal in the case of
Koh Saw Khim). The offenders in those cases at the lower end of the
disqualification range were often untraced, as in Sia Chee Han and Zhang Xiang
Guo. On the other hand, the offenders in cases at the higher end of the
disqualification range often had traffic offence records, as in Kaleeswaran
Sudarsan (with three previous compositions, including careless driving under r
29 of the Road Traffic Rules compounded shortly before the commission of his
offence), Lim Gim Chye (with one composition for speeding in 2016, one
composition for failing to obey traffic sign in 2013 and two compositions in
1999 for speeding and using a mobile telephone while driving) and Koh Saw Khim
(with a conviction of causing death by rash or negligent act).

59 I would also refer to Tang Ling Lee in this regard. There, a
disqualification period of two years was imposed, where the culpability of the
offender was moderate to high and the harm caused was substantial. The
substantial harm and moderate to high culpability warranted a two-year
disqualification even with the offender’s unblemished driving record.

Relevant considerations

60 Sundaresh Menon CJ discussed the general sentencing objectives underpinning
disqualification orders in Edwin s/o Suse Nathen v PP [2013] 4 SLR 1139 at
[13]–[14]:

A disqualification order combines three sentencing objectives: punishment,
protection of the public and deterrence (see Peter Wallis gen ed, Wilkinson’s
Road Traffic Offences (Sweet & Maxwell, 20th Ed, 2001) at para 4.412; Kow Keng
Siong, Sentencing Principles in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2009) at paras
32.150–32.159) …

Where an offence reflects a blatant disregard for the safety of other road
users and a lack of personal responsibility, there is a public interest in
taking such a driver off the roads for a substantial period of time. The aims
of deterrence are also served by sounding a stiff warning that such drivers
can expect a lengthy disqualification order. The disqualification order should
therefore increase in tandem with the severity of the offence, whether or not
it is also accompanied by a substantial fine or period of imprisonment.

These principles are equally applicable to all categories of cases where
disqualification ought to be considered.

61 The most important sentencing principles engaged in disqualification orders
are the protection of society, because the objective of disqualification
orders is to prevent future harm that the offender may cause to the public,
and deterrence, because such orders deprive offenders of the freedom to drive.
In line with these principles, greater weight should be placed on the
culpability of the offender in the commission of the offence as well as his
driving record. These reflect how much of a danger he poses to society, and
are also indicative of the degree of specific deterrence necessary. The
precedents, as set out above at [53]–[59], are generally consistent with this
analysis.

Application to the present appeal

62 In the present case, the offender’s culpability and the harm caused are
both at a moderate level at least (see [34] above). Considering his bad
driving record, while giving due weight to his plea of guilt, remorse and his
rendering of assistance, a disqualification term of 18 months is evidently not
manifestly excessive. It falls very much on the low side, having regard to the
precedents discussed above at [53]–[59]. Nevertheless, as the Prosecution has
not appealed against the disqualification order, I do not propose to enhance
the disqualification period.

Conclusion

63 The appeal by the Prosecution is therefore allowed and the appeal by the
offender is dismissed. The offender is sentenced to one week’s imprisonment,
and the 18-month disqualification order is to remain. The fine will be
refunded.

See Kee Oon  
Judge

Yang Ziliang (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the appellant in Magistrate’s
Appeal No 9312/2017/01 and the respondent in Magistrate’s Appeal No
9312/2017/02;  
Carmen Chen Mei Hui (Farallon Law Corporation) for the respondent in
Magistrate’s Appeal No 9312/2017/01 and the appellant in Magistrate’s Appeal
No 9312/2017/02.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

