Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 208

Suit No 750 of 2012

(Registrar’s Appeal No 290 of 2017)

Between

| Chan Gek Yong  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff / Appellant

And

(1)| Violet Netto practising as L F Violet Netto  
---|---  
(2)| Ravi s/o Madasamy practising under L F Violet Netto  
  
… Defendants / Respondents

Suit No 751 of 2012

(Registrar’s Appeal No 291 of 2017)

Between

| Chan Gek Yong  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff / Appellant

And

(1)| Violet Netto practising as L F Violet Netto  
---|---  
(2)| Ravi s/o Madasamy practising under L F Violet Netto  
  
… Defendants / Respondents

grounds of decision

[Contract] — [Formation] — [Capacity of parties] — [Incapacity]

[Contract] — [Duress]

[Contract] — [Mistake] — [Non est factum]  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chan Gek Yong

  

v

  

Violet Netto (practising as L F Violet Netto) and another and another matter

[2018] SGHC 208

High Court — Suit No 750 of 2012 (Registrar’s Appeal No 290 of 2017) and Suit
No 751 of 2012 (Registrar’s Appeal No 291 of 2017)  
Tan Siong Thye J  
11 July 2018

20 September 2018

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff lodged Registrar’s Appeal No 290 of 2017 and Registrar’s
Appeal No 291 of 2017 against the decisions of the learned Assistant Registrar
James Elisha Lee Han Leong (“AR”) in Summons No 5327 of 2016 (“SUM 5327/2016”)
and Summons No 5328 of 2016 (“SUM 5328/2016”) respectively. These summonses
arose from Suit No 750 of 2012 (“Suit 750/2012”) and Suit No 751 of 2012
(“Suit 751/2012”) (collectively, “the Main Suits”). The defendants instituted
SUM 5327/2016 and SUM 5328/2016 under O 18 r 19(1)(d) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”) to strike out the Statement of
Claims and the Main Suits altogether.

2 The plaintiff in the Main Suits, Mdm Chan Gek Yong, was the appellant in
these Registrar’s Appeals (“RAs”). She was unrepresented. The defendants in
the Main Suits were the respondents in these RAs. They were Violet Netto, a
lawyer practising in M/s L F Violet Netto, and Ravi s/o Madasamy (“Mr Ravi”)
who was also a practising lawyer. In these RAs, they were represented by two
lawyers, namely Mr Christopher Anand Daniel and Mr Asik Sadayan (“Mr Asik”)
from M/s Advocatus Law LLP.

3 The central thrust of the defendants’ striking out applications was that it
would be an abuse of the process to allow the Main Suits to continue as the
parties had already reached an amicable settlement at the Singapore Mediation
Centre (“SMC”). The parties had signed a Settlement Agreement titled
“Settlement Deed Suit No 750/2012/G and Suit No 751/2012/L”, Mediation No.
SMC/MC-225 of 2016, on 29 September 2016 (“the Settlement Agreement”) before
two SMC-appointed mediators, Dr Joseph H H Sheares (“Dr Sheares”), a medical
practitioner from Mount Elizabeth Hospital and Mr Lim Tat, a lawyer from M/s
Aequitas Law LLP.

4 On 11 July 2018, after hearing the parties’ arguments I dismissed the
appeals. The plaintiff filed a notice of appeal on 13 August 2018. I shall now
give the reasons for my decision.

Background

Events leading up to the Settlement Agreement

5 On 7 September 2012, the plaintiff commenced Suit 750/2012 against the
defendants alleging that the defendants were professionally negligent and had
breached their duty of care owed to her regarding her share of the net sales
proceeds of a Housing & Development Board property at Block 253 Serangoon
Central Drive #01-233 Singapore 550253. Arising from the same dispute in Suit
750/2012, the plaintiff commenced another suit, namely Suit 751/2012, also on
7 September 2012, against the defendants. Suit 751/2012 was for breach of
trust and breach of statutory duty in respect of S$207,000, being money which
the plaintiff claimed belonged to her that the defendants had transferred from
the defendants’ client account to their office account without the plaintiff’s
consent.

6 On 15 September 2016, four years later, the plaintiff and the defendants
agreed to attempt to resolve the Main Suits through mediation scheduled for
one day. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Violet Netto dated 1 November 2016 (“Violet Netto’s 6th
Affidavit”) at Exhibit VN-1.

The mediation took place on 29 September 2016 at the SMC and the plaintiff and
the defendants signed the Settlement Agreement on the same day. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Violet Netto’s 6th Affidavit at para 6 and at Exhibit VN-1.

The relevant clauses of the Settlement Agreement are reproduced for ease of
reference: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Violet Netto’s 6th Affidavit at Exhibit VN-1.

1\. Ms Violet Netto (“Ms Netto”) and Mr Ravi s/o Madasamy (“Mr Ravi”) shall
pay the sum of S$150,000/- to Mdm Chan Gek Yong (“Mdm Chan”) in the following
manner:

(1) A sum of S$50,000/- to Mdm Chan, within 1 month from the date of this
Settlement Deed;

(2) The sum of S$100,000/- to Mdm Chan, in 17 monthly instalments of S$5,550/-
commencing from January 2017 payable on the 15th day of every month, with a
final instalment of S$5,650/-. Ms Netto and Mr Ravi shall give post-dated
cheques for such sums and dated payable on such dates, within 7 days of the
date of this Settlement Deed.

(3) If any such instalment is not paid on its due date, then all instalments
then remaining unpaid shall immediately become due and payable, and such
acceleration shall be Mdm Chan’s sole remedy for such non-payment.

2\. Suit No. 750/2012/G (“Suit 750”) and Suit No. 751/2012/L (“Suit 751”)
shall be discontinued on the following terms:

(1) Mdm Chan shall withdraw all outstanding applications in Suit 750 and Suit
751, and file a Notice of Discontinuance, with no Orders as to costs, in each
of Suit 750 and Suit 751, within 14 days from the date of the Settlement Deed.

(2) All parties to Suit 750 and Suit 751 shall each bear their own legal
costs.

3\. If Mdm Chan fails to comply with paragraph 2 above, Ms Netto and/or Mr
Ravi shall be at liberty to make the appropriate application to Court to
achieve the same result, and Mdm Chan shall be obliged to consent to any such
application.

7 In accordance with cl 2(1) of the Settlement Agreement, the plaintiff was
required to file Notices of Discontinuance to discontinue the Main Suits
within 14 days of the signing of the Settlement Agreement.

Events after the signing of the Settlement Agreement

8 On 30 September 2016, in a telephone conversation between the plaintiff and
the defendants’ counsel, Mr Asik, the latter explained to the plaintiff the
need to place a seal on the Settlement Agreement. On 5 October 2016, Mr Asik
and the plaintiff had another telephone conversation whereby Mr Asik informed
her of the formalities necessary to seal the Settlement Agreement and reminded
her of her obligation to file the Notices of Discontinuance to discontinue the
Main Suits. Mr Asik also informed her that the defendants will give her the 18
post-dated cheques as per the Settlement Agreement by way of a covering
letter. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Violet Netto’s Affidavit dated 3 May 2017 (“Violet Netto’s 7th Affidavit”) at
paras 10 to 13.

9 There were two pre-trial conferences (“PTCs”) ordered by the court following
the signing of the Settlement Agreement. The PTCs were on 6 and 13 October
2016. At the PTC on 6 October 2016 the plaintiff informed the court that she
did not want to proceed with the Settlement Agreement and wanted to continue
with the Main Suits. At the end of 14 days after the signing of the Settlement
Agreement, the plaintiff did not file the Notices of Discontinuance pursuant
to cl 2(1) of the Settlement Agreement.

10 Despite the plaintiff’s refusal to discontinue the Main Suits pursuant to
the Settlement Agreement, the defendants on 27 October 2016 proceeded to issue
four cheques totalling a sum of S$50,000 to the plaintiff pursuant to cl 1(1)
of the Settlement Agreement and 18 post-dated cheques totalling a sum of
S$100,000 to her pursuant to cl 1(2) of the Settlement Agreement. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Violet Netto’s 7th Affidavit at para 14.

11 The plaintiff refused to accept the cheques issued by the defendants. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Notes of Evidence dated 11 July 2018 (“NE”) at page 26 lines 24 to 28.

As a result, the defendants filed SUM 5327/2016 and SUM 5328/2016 to strike
out the Main Suits in their entirety on the basis that to allow the Main Suits
to continue would be an abuse of the process as the Main Suits were already
resolved through the Settlement Agreement willingly executed by the parties at
the SMC.

The AR’s decisions

12 After hearing the parties’ arguments, the AR granted the defendants’
applications to strike out the Main Suits. The AR found that the Settlement
Agreement had been validly entered into. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Oral Grounds of Decision of the AR on 28 September 2017 (“GD”) at [13].

He dismissed the plaintiff’s arguments on the following grounds:

(a) The plaintiff had not specifically stated and had not adduced any evidence
that she had experienced giddiness or was labouring under the effects of her
medication at the time of the mediation. Furthermore, she did not inform the
defendants, their lawyers nor the mediators that she was feeling unwell;

(b) The plaintiff had not adduced any evidence that she was under any form of
duress or illegitimate pressure during the mediation and the signing of the
Settlement Agreement;

(c) The plaintiff had not raised any issue about the inconsistency or
discrepancy between the agreement she signed and the version which the
defendants’ lawyer had tried to seal the day after the mediation. Furthermore,
her concerns about the sealing of the Settlement Agreement were not valid;

(d) The plaintiff’s disapproval of the defendants’ insurance company paying
for the first S$50,000 was irrelevant to the validity of the Settlement
Agreement;

(e) The plaintiff’s allegation that the first defendant’s firm had ceased
operations was unfounded as the first defendant had filed an affidavit to
confirm that she is still the sole proprietor of the firm; and

(f) The AR did not accept the plaintiff’s arguments that the Settlement
Agreement should cover only the Main Suits and not the other matters in which
the defendants had acted for her. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

GD at [7] to [12].

13 The AR, therefore, granted the defendants’ striking out applications. The
plaintiff appealed against the decisions and the RAs were heard before me on
11 July 2018.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s case

14 The plaintiff’s arguments before me were a repetition of her arguments
before the AR. In brief, she argued that the AR should not have struck out the
Main Suits for two main reasons: (1) the Settlement Agreement was invalid; and
(2) the Settlement Agreement was not binding because the defendants in the
first place did not and had no intention to abide by the terms of the
Settlement Agreement.

15 On the invalidity of the Settlement Agreement the plaintiff made several
assertions. First, the plaintiff argued that on the day of the mediation she
was unwell and was under medication which made her drowsy. Thus she was not
mentally and fully alert when she signed the Settlement Agreement. The
plaintiff averred that she did not understand what she was signing on 29
September 2016. She also claimed that one of the mediators, Dr Sheares, had
noticed that she was anxious. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Supplementary Affidavit in Reply by Chan Gek Yong dated 21 April 2017
(“Plaintiff’s 5th Affidavit”) at para 10. See also NE at page 4 lines 10 to
23.

16 Second, the plaintiff contended that she signed the Settlement Agreement
under duress. She claimed that she was not represented by lawyers during the
mediation whilst the defendants who were lawyers were further represented by
their lawyers. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s 5th Affidavit at para 10.

The plaintiff also claimed that the two mediators pressurised her into signing
the Settlement Agreement by emphasising to her that it was already at the end
of the full day mediation session. The mediators also told her that if the
parties could not settle the Main Suits at the mediation, the case would have
to go back to the court for further directions for the Main Suits to proceed
to trial. This would result in the plaintiff incurring further costs to
litigate the Main Suits. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s 5th Affidavit at para 10. See also NE at page 7 lines 6 to 28.

The plaintiff also averred that there was no time for her to read and consider
the Settlement Agreement before signing it. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE at page 19 lines 22 to 23 and page 51 lines 15 to 18.

Finally, she claimed that she was under added pressure to sign the Settlement
Agreement as one of the defendants, Mr Ravi, had already paid her share of the
mediation fee. Hence, she felt obliged to make the mediation a success so as
not to waste Mr Ravi’s money. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE at page 23 lines 21 to 28.

17 Third, the plaintiff claimed that she was informed orally before the
signing of the Settlement Agreement that she would be paid S$150,000 to settle
the Main Suits only. She agreed to this. However, the plaintiff alleged that
she would not have agreed for the Settlement Agreement to include any other
matters in which the defendants had acted for her. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s 5th Affidavit at para 13. See also NE at page 5 line 6 to page 6
line 24, page 8 lines 13 to 22 and page 22 lines 1 to 14.

She also submitted that she was not informed that the Settlement Agreement
must be in the form of a deed. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s 5th Affidavit at para 11.

She further argued that she was not given a draft of the Settlement Agreement
to review before signing the Settlement Agreement. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NE at page 6 lines 18 to 20.

She submitted that the terms of the Settlement Agreement were unfair and she
would not have willingly signed it. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE at page 8, lines 3 to 5 and page 22 lines 1 to 14.

Finally, she did not agree for the first payment of S$50,000 pursuant to cl
1(1) of the Settlement Agreement to be paid by the defendants’ insurers. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s 5th Affidavit at para 12. See also NE at page 20 line 21 to page
21 line 8.

18 The second ground of the plaintiff’s case was that the defendants did not
have the intention to be bound by the Settlement Agreement as the first
defendant had ceased her firm’s operations soon after the mediation. This
suggested that the defendants had no intention to fulfil their obligations
under the Settlement Agreement. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s 5th Affidavit at para 12. See also NE at page 21 lines 13 to 29.

The defendants’ case

The defendants’ objection to the plaintiff’s admission of the three further
affidavits

19 As a preliminary issue, the defendants objected to the AR’s decision to
grant leave to the plaintiff to file three further affidavits to explain her
medical conditions during the mediation after the AR had given his decisions
in SUM 5327/2016 and SUM 5328/2016 on 28 September 2017. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Respondents’ Supplementary Skeletal Submissions at paras 8 to 16.

The plaintiff, nonetheless, filed the following three affidavits pursuant to
the AR’s direction: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Respondents’ Supplementary Skeletal Submissions at para 7.

(a) affidavit of Tan Bee Bee (“Mdm Tan”) dated 15 January 2018 (“Mdm Tan’s
Affidavit”);

(b) affidavit of Chia Kok Kee (“Mr Chia”) dated 16 January 2018 (“Mr Chia’s
Affidavit”); and

(c) affidavit of Chan Gek Yong dated 16 March 2018 (“plaintiff’s 6th
Affidavit”).

20 On 4 April 2018, the defendants filed a Notice of Objection in respect of
para 12 of the plaintiff’s 6th Affidavit.

21 The reason for the defendants’ objection was that the plaintiff failed to
satisfy the test set out in Ladd v Marshall [1954] 1 WLR 1489 (“Ladd v
Marshall”) as the three further affidavits were irrelevant. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Respondents’ Supplementary Skeletal Submissions at paras 9 to 16.

22 The defendants also submitted that para 12 of the plaintiff’s 6th Affidavit
should be expunged because it was scandalous, vexatious, frivolous, irrelevant
and outside the scope of the leave granted by the AR for her to file further
affidavits. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Respondents’ Supplementary Skeletal Submissions at paras 17 to 23.

The substantive arguments of the defendants

23 The defendants argued that the AR was correct in finding that the
Settlement Agreement was valid. First, the defendants submitted that the
Settlement Agreement was valid despite it not being affixed with a physical
seal. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Respondents’ Skeletal Submissions at paras 41 to 52.

Second, the defendants argued that there was no duress or undue influence on
the plaintiff when she signed the Settlement Agreement. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Respondents’ Skeletal Submissions at paras 25 to 34.

Third, the defendants averred that the Settlement Agreement was not
unconscionable and that even if the terms were deemed unfair by the plaintiff,
it was not a vitiating factor which would render the Settlement Agreement
invalid. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Respondents’ Skeletal Submissions at paras 35 to 36.

This is because the plaintiff and the defendants had willingly executed the
Settlement Agreement after a day’s mediation. The defendants contended that
the Settlement Agreement superseded the underlying disputes between the
parties in the Main Suits. Hence, the Main Suits should be struck out. The
plaintiff’s intention to continue the Main Suits amounted to an abuse of the
process of the Court. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Respondents’ Skeletal Submissions at paras 8 to 15.

My decision

Issues to be determined

24 The issues that arose for my determination in these RAs were:

(a) whether the AR was correct in granting the plaintiff leave to file further
affidavits to explain her medical conditions during the mediation;

(b) whether the Settlement Agreement was valid;

(c) whether the Settlement Agreement should be set aside as the parties did
not intend to be bound by the terms of the Settlement Agreement; and

(d) whether the Main Suits should be struck out because it is an abuse of the
process.

25 As these RAs are appeals against the decisions of the AR striking out the
Main Suits I shall first discuss the law on striking out under O 18, r
19(1)(d) of the Rules of Court.

The law

26 The defendants sought to strike out the Main Suits pursuant to O 18, r
19(1)(d) of the Rules of Court which reads:

19 – (1) The Court may at any stage of the proceedings order to be struck out
or amended any pleading or the endorsement of any writ in the action, or
anything in any pleading or in the endorsement, on the ground that –

(a) it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence, as the case may be;

(b) it is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious;

(c) it may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action; or

(d) it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court,

and may order the action to be stayed or dismissed or judgment to be entered
accordingly, as the case may be.

[Emphasis added in bold]

27 It is trite law that it can be an abuse of the process in litigating issues
which have already been determined in prior litigation or concluded by way of
a settlement agreement. In the case of a settlement agreement, the court will
have to consider the nature and scope of that agreement having regard to all
the circumstances of the case. Thereafter, it will apply a broad-based
approach to see if, despite the settlement agreement, the later action on the
same issues is, in all the circumstances, an abuse of the process: Ng Kong
Choon v Tang Wee Goh [2016] 3 SLR 935 at [31] and Venkatraman Kalyanaraman v
Nithya Kalyani and others [2016] 4 SLR 1365 at [37].

28 In coming to my decision to uphold the AR’s decision and to strike out the
Main Suits, I shall first explain why the Settlement Agreement was valid and
binding between the parties. Thereafter, I shall explain why to allow the
plaintiff to continue the Main Suits would have been an abuse of the process.

Issue (a): Whether the AR was right to grant the plaintiff leave to file
further affidavits

29 Before I address the issue of the validity of the Settlement Agreement, I
shall deal with the preliminary objections raised by the defendants, namely
that the AR was wrong to allow the plaintiff to file further affidavits to
explain her medical conditions on the day of the mediation. As mentioned at
[19] to [22] above, the defendants argued that the AR was mistaken because the
reasons for the plaintiff to file the three further affidavits did not satisfy
the test set out in Ladd v Marshall, namely:

(a) it should be shown that the evidence could not have been obtained with
reasonable diligence;

(b) that the further evidence is such that, if given, it would probably have
an important influence on the result of the case, though it need not be
decisive; and

(c) that the evidence is such as is presumably to be believed.

The defendants argued that the Ladd v Marshall test should be applied in the
determination of whether to allow the plaintiff to file further affidavits for
the RAs. The defendants cited the High Court decision of Lassiter Ann Masters
v To Keng Lam (alias Toh Jeanette) [2003] 3 SLR(R) 666 (“Lassiter Ann
Masters”) at [25] to [32]. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Respondents’ Supplementary Skeletal Submissions at paras 10 to 11.

The defendants further submitted that the three further affidavits were
irrelevant.

30 I disagreed with the defendants. It is well-established that an appeal from
a Registrar to a Judge in Chambers is dealt with by way of a rehearing. The
evidence at the Registrar’s Appeal should be the same as it was before the
Registrar. However, the Judge hearing the appeal is nonetheless entitled to
treat the matter afresh as though it was before him for the first time. The
Court of Appeal in Lian Soon Construction Pte Ltd v Guan Qian Realty Pte Ltd
[1999] 1 SLR(R) 1053 (“Lian Soon Construction”) at [37] to [38] held that the
Judge has a discretion to admit fresh evidence and he frequently does so in
the absence of special reasons.

31 It is not mandatory for a Judge in Chambers hearing a Registrar’s Appeal to
apply the Ladd v Marshall test to determine whether to grant leave to file
further affidavits or adduce fresh evidence. However, the Ladd v Marshall test
would apply in cases where the hearing before the Registrar at first instance
has the characteristics of a full trial or where oral evidence has been
recorded (for example, in proceedings of inquiries, taking of accounts or as
in Lassiter Ann Masters, in a hearing for assessment of damages). This was the
position arrived at by the Court of Appeal in Lassiter Ann Masters v To Keng
Lam (alias Toh Jeanette) [2004] 2 SLR(R) 392 at [20] to [26] (“Lassiter (CA
decision)”). The Court of Appeal in Lassiter (CA decision) stated at [24] that
in such situations, the discretion rests with the judge as to whether to allow
fresh evidence to be adduced, subject to certain conditions. First, the
applicant must provide sufficiently strong reasons for why the new evidence
was not adduced at the assessment before the Registrar, although this
condition is not to be as stringent as the first condition under Ladd v
Marshall. Second, the applicant must satisfy the second and third conditions
in the Ladd v Marshall test.

32 In WBG Network (S) Pte Ltd v Sunny Daisy Ltd [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1133 (“WBG
Network”) the Court of Appeal further explained the above distinction. Choo
Han Teck J, who delivered the decision of the Court of Appeal in that case
stated at [7] that the Court of Appeal’s decision in Lassiter (CA decision)
recognised a distinction between the standard to be applied in appeals where
the hearing before the Registrar had the characteristics of a full trial or
where oral evidence had been recorded and hearings before the Registrar that
were interlocutory in nature.

33 It was unfortunate that the defendants’ counsel had overlooked the Court of
Appeal’s decision in Lassiter (CA decision) when they cited only the first
instance decision of Lassiter Ann Masters. Hence they failed to appreciate the
distinction between the admission of fresh evidence for Registrar’s Appeals
arising from hearings before a Registrar of interlocutory matters and
Registrar’s Appeals arising from hearings before a Registrar which had the
characteristics of a full trial or where oral evidence was recorded. On the
above principles, I found that the AR had correctly exercised his discretion
to grant the plaintiff leave to file further affidavits to explain her medical
conditions at the mediation. The AR’s decision also did not prejudice the
defendants. The plaintiff’s further affidavits were not totally irrelevant to
the determination of the validity of the Settlement Agreement. She had stated
in her affidavit dated 21 April 2017 that she was suffering from a number of
medical problems and was on medication prior to the mediation that caused her
to suffer giddiness and drowsiness during the mediation. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Plaintiff’s 5th Affidavit at para 10.

The plaintiff’s 6th Affidavit elaborated on this. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Affidavit of Chan Gek Yong dated 12 March 2018 (“Plaintiff’s 6th Affidavit”)
at paras 2 to 11.

34 Furthermore, it was not disputed that the plaintiff was accompanied by Mdm
Tan in the morning and Mr Chia in the afternoon during the mediation session
which took the whole day. They stated that the plaintiff had told them to
accompany her as she was unwell. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Affidavit of Tan Bee Bee dated 15 January 2018 (“Mdm Tan’s Affidavit”) at para
4; Affidavit of Chia Kok Kee dated 15 January 2018 (“Mr Chia’s Affidavit”) at
para 3.

Thus their affidavits were relevant.

35 The defendants argued that the plaintiff’s 6th affidavit was irrelevant. I
could partially agree with the defendants as most of the plaintiff’s medical
conditions as stated in the plaintiff’s 6th affidavit happened long after the
mediation on 29 September 2016. However, there was one aspect that appeared to
be relevant to these proceedings as she alleged that she suffered from
giddiness in July 2016 and the doctor prescribed her medication which caused
drowsiness. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Plaintiff’s 6th Affidavit at para 11.

36 Therefore, the defendants’ objections against the AR’s decision to grant
the plaintiff leave to file further affidavits to explain her medical
conditions were misconceived.

Issue (b): Validity of the Settlement Agreement

37 The plaintiff argued that the Settlement Agreement was invalid as she was
medically unwell during the mediation. First, she alleged that when she signed
the Settlement Agreement she was suffering from the effect of the medication
which she took and this caused her giddiness. Second, she alleged that she
signed the Settlement Agreement under duress. Finally, she argued that the
terms of the Settlement Agreement did not correctly reflect what she had
agreed to. In essence, she relied on the arguments of incapacity, duress and
non est factum to urge the court to find that the Settlement Agreement was
invalid.

38 I shall now address each of these allegations seriatim.

Incapacity

39 On the issue of invalidity of a contract due to incapacity I shall refer to
Resorts World at Sentosa Pte Ltd v Lee Fook Kheun [2018] SGHC 173 (“Lee Fook
Kheun”) at [21]:

Intoxication results in impairment of mental capacity, and for that reason has
been likened in the law to mental incapacity: see Molton v Camroux (1849) 4
Exch 17,19; 154 ER 1107,1108. A person seeking rescission must show that,
first, when he entered into the transaction he was so drunk that he was unable
to understand the general nature and effect of the transaction. This level of
understanding was explained by Hallett J in Manches v Trimborn (1946) 115 LJKB
305, 307 as “such a degree of incapacity as would interfere with the capacity
of the defendant to understand substantially the nature and effect of the
transaction into which she was entering.” Second, the counterparty to the
transaction must have known of his infirmity. In York Glass Co Ltd v Jubb
(1925) 42 TLR 1 (CA) 2, the claim failed as the counterparty “did not know and
had no reasons to know that [the complainant] was out of his mind at the
time.”

[Emphasis added in bold]

Although Lee Fook Kheun dealt with incapacity due to alcohol intoxication, I
see no reason why the same standard should not apply to the plaintiff who
submitted that she was under the influence of medication which affected her
mental faculties during the mediation up till the signing of the Settlement
Agreement. Therefore, she must prove on a balance of probability that:

(a) when she signed the Settlement Agreement she was so mentally incapacitated
that she was unable to understand the general nature and effect of the
Settlement Agreement; and

(b) the defendants and the mediators knew of her infirmity.

40 The plaintiff had failed to satisfy the above conditions. I shall
elaborate.

41 On the first condition, the plaintiff claimed that sometime in July 2016,
she saw the doctor for her giddiness and was prescribed medication which made
her drowsy. On the day of the mediation, she claimed that she took the
medication that made her unwell and drowsy. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE at page 4 lines 10 to 23. See also Plaintiff’s 5th Affidavit at para 10 and
Plaintiff’s 6th Affidavit at para 11.

She further added that one of the mediators, Dr Sheares, noticed that she was
anxious. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s 5th Affidavit at para 10.

42 On the first condition, I found that she had failed to show that she was so
mentally incapacitated that she was unable to understand the general nature
and effect of the Settlement Agreement. First, she did not produce any
documentary proof that she was suffering from giddiness on the day of the
mediation. Although she did attach to her 6th affidavit medical records for
her other ailments, these were not germane to these proceedings as they were
her general medical records that showed that she consulted the doctor in 2017
ie, months after the date of the mediation. However, she did state at para 11
of her 6th Affidavit that “[c]ommencing from July 2016, [she] started to
experience giddy spells and had to seek medical help at the Polyclinics.” She
then stated that she was prescribed medicine for her “intermittent vertiginous
giddiness”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Plaintiff’s 6th Affidavit at para 11.

She did not, however, produce any documentary proof of this and did not
provide any doctor’s letter stating which of the medicine she took for her
“intermittent vertiginous giddiness” caused drowsiness or may affect her
mental faculties.

43 Second, if what the plaintiff claimed was true in that the medication
prescribed for her “intermittent vertiginous giddiness” in July 2016 caused
drowsiness and affected her mental faculties, then she must have been in such
a debilitated state for a long time. However, she raised no complaints of her
infirmity during the PTCs on 25 July 2016 and 4 August 2016 which are prior to
the mediation date. Furthermore, she had the presence of mind to sign an
agreement to mediate on 15 September 2016 and agreed to be bound by any
settlement reached.

44 Third, despite feeling drowsy/giddy on the day of the mediation she
continued with it. The evidence indicated that the plaintiff was able to
conduct herself during the mediation. The first defendant in her affidavit at
para 7(9)(b) stated that the plaintiff was an active participant in the
discussions that took place during the mediation session. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Affidavit of Violet Netto dated 3 May 2017 (“Violet Netto’s 7th Affidavit”).

It was undisputed that the defendants initially offered the plaintiff
S$100,000. She refused. Later in the day the defendants increased the offer to
S$150,000 and the plaintiff eventually accepted this offer. In addition, the
plaintiff could recall that the mediation was conducted on 29 September 2016
and that the two defendants were represented by their lawyers. She also had
the presence of mind to call her friend, Mdm Tan, who herself had acted in
person against her ex-lawyer in her own suit, to accompany her in the morning.
In the afternoon, the plaintiff asked Mr Chia to accompany her as Mdm Tan
could not accompany the plaintiff in the afternoon. Lastly, one would expect
her to see the doctor if it was true that taking the medication had caused her
to be drowsy such that it adversely affected her mental faculties. The
plaintiff admitted that she did not consult the doctor before or after the
mediation about her giddiness and drowsiness. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE at page 70 lines 9 to 16.

45 Finally, although Mdm Tan and Mr Chia filed affidavits stating that the
plaintiff was feeling unwell during the mediation there was no evidence that
she was so unwell that she was unable to argue her case during the mediation.
38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Mdm Tan’s Affidavit at para 4 and Mr Chia’s Affidavit at para 3.

46 Therefore, the plaintiff was not so mentally incapacitated that she could
not understand the general nature of the mediation and the Settlement
Agreement which she signed.

47 As for the second condition, the plaintiff had not proved that the
defendants and/or the mediators were aware of her infirmity. Having already
found that she was not mentally incapacitated when she signed the Settlement
Agreement, the second condition was no longer relevant for me to determine. Be
that as it may, I shall now examine whether the plaintiff informed anyone of
her medical conditions on the day of the mediation other than Mdm Tan and Mr
Chia who accompanied her. On this, she admitted that she did not inform the
defendants and their lawyers that she was suffering from giddiness and
drowsiness. Neither did she inform the two mediators of her infirmity. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE at page 63 lines 2 to 15.

Although she gave evidence that Dr Sheares noted that she was “in a state of
anxiety” during the mediation, this was not sufficient to show that the
defendants and the mediators were aware that she was mentally incapacitated.
It is natural that parties feel anxious during court proceedings and mediation
as each party will try to get the best deal for himself. Furthermore, the
plaintiff did not file any affidavit from Dr Sheares to confirm his
observation as to her anxiety. Finally, although the affidavits of Mdm Tan and
Mr Chia stated that the plaintiff was feeling unwell, they did not give
evidence that anyone apart from them were informed of the plaintiff’s illness.

48 For the above reasons, I found that even if the plaintiff was belabouring
under an infirmity which so impaired her mental capacity during the mediation
such that she was not capable of understanding the general nature and effect
of the Settlement Agreement, neither the defendants, their lawyers nor the
mediators had knowledge of her infirmity. Therefore, I did not find that the
plaintiff had made out her case of incapacity.

Duress

49 An agreement that is procured under duress by illegitimate threat or
pressure of a party is voidable and can be liable to be set aside. Two
conditions must be proved for the Settlement Agreement to be void on the
ground of duress: (a) there must be pressure amounting to compulsion of the
will of the victim; and (b) the pressure exerted must be illegitimate: E C
Investment Holding Pte Ltd v Ridout Residence Pte Ltd and another (Orion Oil
Ltd and another, interveners) [2011] 2 SLR 232 at [42], [48] and [51]. See
also Andrew Phang Boon Leong, The Law of Contract in Singapore (Academy
Publishing, 2012) at para 12.006.

50 The plaintiff’s case that she had signed the Settlement Agreement under
duress must fail because the evidence did not reveal that the plaintiff was
acting under any pressure amounting to the compulsion of her will when she
signed the Settlement Agreement.

51 The plaintiff argued that during the mediation, the defendants were in a
much better position and had stronger bargaining positions because they are
lawyers and were further represented by their lawyers. On the other hand, the
plaintiff submitted that she was alone and did not have anyone to assist her.
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Plaintiff’s 5th Affidavit at para 10.

She alleged that the presence of her friends was merely to assist her with her
documents and lend her some support because she was not medically well. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NE at page 4 lines 30 to 31 and page 18 lines 21 to 28. See also Mdm Tan’s
Affidavit and Mr Chia’s Affidavit.

52 The plaintiff subsequently contradicted herself when she admitted that the
defendants and their lawyers did not pressurise her. She claimed that the
pressure actually came from the mediators who persuaded and urged her to
accept the amount offered by the defendants as it was almost the end of the
one-day mediation session. The mediators further said that if the mediation
failed, then parties would have to go back to Court for trial. The plaintiff
understood this to mean that she would have to incur further costs to continue
the Main Suits. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Plaintiff’s 5th Affidavit at para 10.

She also stated that there was no time for her to consider the Settlement
Agreement before signing it. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE at page 19 lines 22 to 23 and page 51 lines 15 to 18.

Finally, the plaintiff claimed that she was under added pressure to sign the
Settlement Agreement because Mr Ravi had paid her share of the mediation fee
so she felt that she should make the mediation a success and not waste Mr
Ravi’s money. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE at page 23 lines 21 to 28.

Uneven bargaining position in the mediation.

53 I shall now deal with the plaintiff’s argument on the “uneven” bargaining
position between the parties. The plaintiff did not show how the defendants
who are lawyers and represented by their lawyers had exerted pressure on her
such that it amounted to compulsion of her will. The mere fact that the
plaintiff was not represented by a lawyer during the mediation while the other
party had lawyers was insufficient to show that there was pressure exerted on
her. The plaintiff could have been represented by a lawyer if she so wished.
But she chose not to be represented at the mediation and these RAs. This
surely could not be the basis of duress.

54 Furthermore, I noticed that the plaintiff had asked her friends to
accompany her throughout the mediation session. In the morning, she was
accompanied by Mdm Tan and in the afternoon, she was accompanied by Mr Chia.
45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Mdm Tan’s Affidavit at para 5 and Mr Chia’s Affidavit at para 5.

Neither Mdm Tan nor Mr Chia stated on affidavit that the plaintiff was
pressurised by either the defendants, their lawyers or the mediators. There
must also be a purpose for the plaintiff to ask her friends to accompany her.
If it was not to render informal advice, it must be for support and
confidence.

55 I also observed that the plaintiff is not someone who is weak-willed and
timid. She was also unrepresented when she argued the RAs against the two
lawyers of the defendants. However, at the appeals before me, she pugnaciously
argued her case and persistently averred that the Settlement Agreement was
invalid. I therefore found that the plaintiff was capable of looking after her
own interests.

56 I have observed above at [44] that the plaintiff was able to negotiate
adamantly with the opposing party who are lawyers to raise the offer
significantly from S$100,000 to S$150,000 before she finally accepted the
offer. This showed that the defendants had not exerted any pressure on the
plaintiff who was unrepresented and even if there was pressure, the plaintiff
was not affected by it.

Allegations that the mediators pressurised her to sign the Settlement
Agreement

57 As mentioned, the plaintiff did not allege that the defendants and their
lawyers pressurised her. She directed this allegation against the mediators
who are professionals and had no personal interest in this case. The plaintiff
contended that she was persuaded and urged by the mediators to sign the
Settlement Agreement. I agreed with the AR that the mediators were well
entitled to inform the plaintiff that if she refused to sign the Settlement
Agreement, parties would have to go back to Court for the Main Suits to
continue. This is actually how it will normally pan out should mediation fail.
There is no reason for anyone to feel pressurised by this, much less the party
who commenced the suits in the first place. In fact, it is right for mediators
to inform and educate parties before them that mediation is a lower cost
alternative as a dispute resolution mechanism as compared to court litigation.

58 The plaintiff alleged that the mediators pressed her to sign the Settlement
Agreement as it was already late in the day. Hence she had no time to consider
the Settlement Agreement. I was not persuaded by this allegation. If she truly
needed more time to read the Settlement Agreement she could have asked for it.
In this case she did not. During the hearing of the RAs before me, the
plaintiff admitted that the mediators had not forced her to sign the
Settlement Agreement because there was no time. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE at page 51 lines 15 to 18.

When I further asked the plaintiff if she took the initiative to ask for more
time, she was evasive in her reply. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE at page 53 lines 5 to 13.

Thus I did not accept her argument that she was pressurised to sign the
Settlement Agreement because there was no time and that the mediators were
unduly pressing this point upon her.

Mr Ravi paid for her share of the mediation fee

59 I did not place any weight on the plaintiff’s arguments that she was
pressurised to proceed with the mediation despite her ill health and was
pressurised to sign the Settlement Agreement because Mr Ravi had paid her
share of the mediation fee. I found this ground completely unmeritorious and
any effect it would have had on the plaintiff must have been self-induced.

60 For the above reasons, I found that there was no pressure exerted on the
plaintiff to the extent that there was compulsion of her will. The plaintiff
therefore, was not acting under duress when she signed the Settlement
Agreement.

The doctrine of non est factum

61 From the plaintiff’s arguments I surmised that non est factum could be
another of her possible arguments that the Settlement Agreement was not valid.

62 At the outset, it is not disputed that the plaintiff signed the Settlement
Agreement. This is an important point because it is trite law that a person of
full age and understanding is normally bound by his signature on a document,
whether he or she reads or understands the document or not: Chitty on
Contracts (Sweet & Maxwell, 32nd Ed, 2015) at para 3-049. The sanctity of
contract must be observed and respected. The defence of non est factum should
only be allowed in exceptional situations to rectify injustice and unfairness.
If the doctrine of non est factum is allowed to be invoked liberally, then
anyone who is not satisfied with the contract that he has entered into will
easily renege on his contractual obligations by invoking the doctrine of non
est factum. This will lead to chaos and uncertainty to the business community.

63 It is therefore proper that the doctrine of non est factum is a narrow one
and is applicable only in very exceptional cases. In the case of Lee Siew Chun
v Sourgrapes Packaging Products Trading Pte Ltd and others [1992] 3 SLR(R)
855, this court noted, and I agree, at [63] that:

I have to bear in mind that non est factum is a dangerous doctrine for
commercial, industrial, financial and even government institutions who
routinely receive documents signed by parties outside the presence of the
institutions receiving them. If non est factum were to become an easy doctrine
to invoke, no institution could feel secure that such parties would not one
day disclaim their signatures and invoke the doctrine by saying they had been
tricked into signing the document, and had relied on someone close to them, a
defence relatively easy to raise and difficult to rebut (even though the onus
of proof would be on the signer.) The attitude of the courts in modern times
has been to restrict this plea as much as possible. …

[Emphasis added in bold]

64 Thus to invoke the doctrine of non est factum, the facts must disclose that
the Settlement Agreement that was signed was fundamentally different from the
document that the plaintiff believed it to be. The plaintiff also must have
taken reasonable care before she signed. This was explained in the case of
Kuek Siew Chew v Kuek Siang Wei and another [2015] 1 SLR 396 at [57]:

In this regard, the defence of non est factum in the context of deeds has been
explained succinctly in Halsbury’s Laws of England vol 32 (LexisNexis, 5th Ed,
2012) at para 235, reproduced as follows:

Before a party executes a deed, it should be read by him, or correctly read
over or fully and accurately explained to him, and he cannot be required to
execute it until this has been done. If he is content to execute it without
informing himself of its contents, it will in general be binding on him, even
though its contents are materially different from what he supposed, and even
though he is himself illiterate or blind. However, if the party executing the
deed acts with reasonable care and yet is mistaken or misled (in particular,
if he is illiterate or blind and it is falsely read over or falsely explained
to him), and in consequence there is a radical or fundamental distinction
between what it is and what he believed it to be, not attributable to a
mistake of law as to its effect, the plea of non est factum will be available
and the deed will be void. Even though all the requirements for avoiding the
deed on this ground may not be fulfilled, a misled executing party may be able
to treat the deed as voidable under the law relating to misrepresentation, or
it may be void as executed under a mutual mistake of fact.

In the High Court decision of Lee Siew Chun v Sourgrapes Packaging Products
Trading Pte Ltd [1992] 3 SLR(R) 855 at [35], Michael Hwang JC cited the
following passage of Lord Pearson’s judgment in Saunders v Anglia Building
Society [1971] AC 1004 at 1034:

In my opinion, the plea of non est factum ought to be available in a proper
case for the relief of a person who for permanent or temporary reasons (not
limited to blindness or illiteracy) is not capable of both reading and
sufficiently understanding the deed or other document to be signed. By
‘sufficiently understanding’ I mean understanding at least to the point of
detecting a fundamental difference between the actual document and the
document as the signer had believed it to be. There must be a proper case for
such relief. There would not be a proper case if (a) the signature of the
document was brought about by negligence of the signer in failing to take
precautions which he ought to have taken, or (b) the actual document was not
fundamentally different from the document as the signer believed it to be.

[Emphasis in original]

65 On the evidence, I found that the plea of non est factum had not been
established. I shall now explain.

66 First, the plaintiff argued that the Settlement Agreement was different
from what she had agreed to. In the mediation, the plaintiff eventually
accepted the increased offer of S$150,000 to settle the Main Suits. However,
she alleged that the terms of the Settlement Agreement were different from
what she had earlier agreed to. The defendants’ lawyers explained to her that
the sum offered was for the settlement of the Main Suits and any other matters
in which the defendants had acted for her and cl 5 of the Settlement Agreement
stated the same. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE at page 16, lines 6 to 10. See also Plaintiff’s 5th Affidavit at para 10.
See also NE at page 6 lines 1 to 5 and page 6 line 29 to page 7 line 4. See
also NE page 8 lines 13 to 22.

This she did not agree to.

67 The plaintiff did not argue that the Settlement Agreement was different
from the document she signed on the day of the mediation (see above at [64]).
On the contrary, the crux of her case was that she was dissatisfied with
certain terms of the Settlement Agreement which she had signed. Hence the
first condition of non est factum was not made out as despite the plaintiff’s
disagreement, she signed the Settlement Agreement.

68 This then brings me to the question of whether she had taken reasonable
care before signing the Settlement Agreement. First, when I asked the
plaintiff whether she had the opportunity to read the Settlement Agreement,
she was evasive in her reply and did not provide any evidence to show that she
was deprived of the opportunity to read and understand the terms of the
Settlement Agreement before signing it. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

See NE at page 8 line 23 to page 9 line 3, page 50 lines 8 to 28, page 51 line
30 to page 52 line 10, page 52 lines 24 to 30 and page 53 lines 5 to 7.

69 The plaintiff then claimed that she was not capable of understanding the
terms of the Settlement Agreement because she is not a lawyer. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE at page 8 line 23 to page 9 line 3.

However, the terms of the Settlement Agreement were explained to her by the
mediators before she signed. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE at page 16, lines 6 to 10.

Furthermore, her conduct in the Main Suits, the affidavits she had filed in
preparation of these applications as well as her arguments before me, showed
that, although unrepresented, she is intelligent and capable of understanding
the documents before her. For instance, she was able to keep up and hold her
own in the hearing of these RAs which went on for more than two hours during
which she made substantial arguments. Her two affidavits filed in SUM
5327/2016 and SUM 5328/2016 and her 6th Affidavit were substantial with
numerous supporting documents ranging from court documents to medical memos.
This only showed that she is more than capable of understanding the nature and
effect of the Settlement Agreement which was only about three pages long with
only seven clauses and written in simple English.

70 The plaintiff had also failed to show that she had exercised reasonable
care before she signed the Settlement Agreement. The plaintiff had every
opportunity to read and understand the Settlement Agreement before signing it.
Furthermore, the terms of the Settlement Agreement were explained to her.
However, for reasons only known to her, she did not use that opportunity to
read the Settlement Agreement and object to it or even refuse to sign it if
she so disagreed with it. Therefore, she could not invoke the defence of non
est factum to invalidate the Settlement Agreement. Thus she had no one else to
blame but herself.

71 On another point, the plaintiff submitted that she was not given any draft
agreement to review before signing the Settlement Agreement. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE at page 6 lines 18 to 20.

In my view, this was not a material fact. The pertinent facts were that the
terms of the Settlement Agreement were explained to her by the mediators, she
understood them and she was not denied an opportunity to read the Settlement
Agreement before signing it. Therefore, it did not matter whether she was
given a draft agreement prior to the signing of the Settlement Agreement. What
was undisputed was that she did not sign the Settlement Agreement blindly. She
had the document before her and she signed it. In any case she held on to the
original Settlement Agreement after she signed. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Violet Netto’s 7th Affidavit at para 10(2).

72 Finally, the plaintiff also argued that she had never agreed for the
Settlement Agreement to be in the form of a deed. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Plaintiff’s 5th Affidavit at para 11. See also NE at page 6 line 29 to page 7
line 4.

In my view it did not matter whether the Settlement Agreement was in the form
of a deed or a normal contract. There are no statutory requirements that
settlement agreements after mediation must be in the form of a deed. This
ground is irrelevant. The key inquiry must be whether the Settlement Agreement
was a valid contract. I found that the Settlement Agreement was a binding
contract between the plaintiff and the defendants.

73 For the above reasons, I found that there was no mental incapacity on her
part, duress or non est factum. Hence I was satisfied that the plaintiff had
voluntarily signed the Settlement Agreement.

74 I also placed little weight on her complaint that the terms of the
Settlement Agreement were unfair. This was an afterthought. She agreed with
the terms of the Settlement Agreement when the offer was raised from S$100,000
to S$150,000. Having voluntarily entered into the Settlement Agreement, she
cannot now renege on the valid agreement.

Summary of findings

75 In summary, I found that the Settlement Agreement was a valid agreement
entered into voluntarily by the plaintiff and the defendants in the presence
of the mediators. The plaintiff was not mentally incapacitated and she could
understand the terms of the Settlement Agreement when she signed it. I also
found that she did not sign the Settlement Agreement under duress and that the
argument of non est factum was not made out on the facts.

Issue (c) : Whether the Settlement Agreement should be set aside as the
parties did not intend to be bound by the terms of the Settlement Agreement

76 Despite the Settlement Agreement being valid, the plaintiff argued that it
was nonetheless not binding because the defendants did not and had no
intention to abide by the terms of the Settlement Agreement in the first
place. Since the plaintiff also had no intention to be bound by the Settlement
Agreement, it should not be binding on the parties and the Main Suits should
be allowed to proceed.

77 The plaintiff also submitted that it was not agreed under the Settlement
Agreement that the first payment of S$50,000 pursuant to cl 1(1) of the said
agreement was to be paid by the defendants’ insurers. She expected this sum to
be paid by the defendants. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Plaintiff’s 5th Affidavit at para 12.

78 The plaintiff also pointed out that the 18 post-dated cheques issued by the
defendants were not in accordance with the Settlement Agreement. The first 17
post-dated cheques were for the sum of S$5,560 each and the last post-dated
cheque was for the sum of S$5,480. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Violet Netto’s 7th Affidavit at paras 14 and 15. See also Violet Netto’s 6th
Affidavit at Exhibit VN-1.

This was not in strict compliance with cl 1(2) of the Settlement Agreement,
which required the first 17 post-dated cheques to be for a sum of S$5,550 each
and for the last post-dated cheque to be for a sum of S$5,650.

79 Finally, the plaintiff also argued that about a month after the Settlement
Agreement, she alleged that the first defendant’s firm had ceased operations
because she discovered that the firm’s logo was no longer at units 05-13 and
05-45, People’s Park Centre, Singapore 058357. This indicated that the
defendants never had the intention of fulfilling their obligations under the
Settlement Agreement. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Plaintiff’s 5th Affidavit at para 12.

80 I found the plaintiff’s arguments unmeritorious. First, it is irrelevant
how the defendants intended to source for the funds to pay the S$150,000 to
the plaintiff under the Settlement Agreement. Therefore, it was
inconsequential that the first payment of S$50,000 was made by the defendants’
insurers and not by the defendants themselves.

81 Second, in my view the difference between the amount stated on the
defendants’ post-dated cheques and in cl 1(2) of the Settlement Agreement was
a very minor discrepancy and was unimportant because the plaintiff would still
receive the total sum promised to her under the Settlement Agreement, ie,
S$100,000. In fact, the total sums payable from the 17 post-dated cheques were
higher than the amount stated in the Settlement Agreement. Thus there was no
breach of the Settlement Agreement. In any event, her rights under the
Settlement Agreement were secured by the acceleration clause under cl 1(3) of
the Settlement Agreement whereby it was agreed that should any instalment
payment not be paid on time, all the remaining unpaid instalment payments
become immediately due and payable.

82 Third, the first defendant had sworn on affidavit that her firm, M/s L F
Violet Netto, is still a fully functioning law practice and that she is still
a registered Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme Court of Singapore. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Affidavit of Violet Netto dated 14 September 2017 at paras 5 and 6.

This, in my opinion, should have assured the plaintiff that M/s L F Violet
Netto is still a going concern and that the defendants intended to be bound by
the Settlement Agreement.

83 The fact that the defendants had issued the cheques amounting to S$50,000
to the plaintiff pursuant to cl 1(1) as well as the 17 post-dated cheques
amounting to S$100,000 pursuant to cl 1(2) and that the defendants’ law firm
is still a going concern, only showed that the defendants had every intention
of abiding by the Settlement Agreement. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Violet Netto’s 6th Affidavit at Exhibit VN-3.f.

84 In any event, I found that there is no consensus ad idem between the
parties to do away with the Settlement Agreement. There is a total absence of
evidence that the parties had orally or in writing indicated that they had no
intention to be bound by the Settlement Agreement.

85 Finally, it is worth mentioning that if the plaintiff’s claims that the
defendants had no intention to and did not comply with the Settlement
Agreement are true, it is open to her to commence legal action to enforce the
Settlement Agreement. This is highly unlikely as she is attempting to renege
on the Settlement Agreement.

Issue (d): Whether the Main Suits should be struck out because it is an abuse
of the process

86 On the totality of the evidence, I found that the plaintiff’s actions are
an abuse of the process. I also found her reasons to invalidate the Settlement
Agreement to be mere afterthoughts.

87 First, I noticed that Mr Asik had spoken to the plaintiff the following day
after the signing of the Settlement Agreement, ie, 30 September 2016, about
placing the seal on the Settlement Agreement. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Violet Netto’s 7th Affidavit at para 10.

The plaintiff did not inform Mr Asik that the Settlement Agreement was invalid
and she made no complaint about its validity. Mr Asik spoke to her again on 5
October 2016 about the payment and the delivery of the post-dated cheques to
her pursuant to the Settlement Agreement. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Violet Netto’s 7th Affidavit at para 11.

Similarly, she did not raise the issue of the validity of the Settlement
Agreement.

88 It was only after 5 October 2016 that the plaintiff began to express regret
at having executed the Settlement Agreement. This was evidenced at the PTC on
6 October 2016, when she informed the AR that she “cannot sleep after signing
the agreement” because she “ha[s] to wait for nearly 2 years to get [her]
money back”. As such, she said she “might as well go for trial”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Minute Sheet of Pre-Trial Conference dated 6 October 2016.

At the following PTC on 13 October 2016, she again informed the AR that she
“don’t think [she] can proceed with the settlement agreement” because “payment
take[s] more than 2 years”. She then informed the AR that she “would like to
proceed to trial”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Minute Sheet of Pre-Trial Conference dated 13 October 2016.

89 Therefore, her conduct before the AR during these two PTCs showed that she
was very much aware of what she had signed on 29 September 2016, ie, the
Settlement Agreement, but later had a change of heart. On her own admission
before the AR during these two PTCs, her reason for wanting to invalidate and
set aside the Settlement Agreement was that she had to wait close to two years
before getting paid the amount promised under the Settlement Agreement. She
realised she was not comfortable with that when she thought about it again
after she had signed the Settlement Agreement.

90 Hence, I found her conduct of seeking to proceed with the Main Suits
despite voluntarily entering into the Settlement Agreement to be an abuse of
the Court’s process. Again, I must reiterate that it is trite law that a
validly formed settlement agreement must be honoured and that it is an abuse
of the process to litigate issues which have already been concluded by way of
a Settlement Agreement.

Conclusion

91 In the light of the foregoing, I agreed with the AR and ordered that the
Main Suits be struck out under O 18 r 19(1)(d) of the Rules of Court and
ordered the plaintiff to pay costs fixed at S$4,000 inclusive of
disbursements.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge

Appellant in person;  
Christopher Anand Daniel and Harjean Kaur (Advocatus Law LLP) for the first
and second respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

