Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 40

HC/Suit No 706 of 2017

(HC/Registrar’s Appeal No 12 of 2018)

Between

Marina Bay Sands Pte Ltd

… Plaintiff

And

Luo Shandong

… Defendant

judgment

[Civil procedure] — [Summary judgment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Marina Bay Sands Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Luo Shandong

[2018] SGHC 40

High Court — HC/Suit No 706 of 2017 (HC/Registrar’s Appeal No 12 of 2018)  
Choo Han Teck J  
19 February 2018

27 February 2018 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The defendant owes the plaintiff a debt of around $3.5m, which comprised a
principal debt of $2.98m and interest. The amount is not disputed and the
defendant’s attempt to stave off summary judgment failed before the assistant
registrar. His appeal before me is based on the same ground, namely, that he
does not owe the plaintiff any debt because he had already repaid the debt to
a “junket operator” in Macau named Tian Du.

2 Mr David Chan, counsel for the defendant, submitted that because of exchange
control regulations, the defendant could not make payment of debts to the
plaintiff and all debts due to the plaintiff were thus paid through Tian Du.
Mr Chan submitted that the defendant has a history of payments to Tian Du, but
has offered no evidence of that, save some documents showing that the
defendant was a customer of “Starlink VIP Club”, which Mr Chan submitted was
the operational name of Tian Du. These documents indicate that the defendant
made deposits and withdrawals. The details of who was ultimately paid, and for
what, is not known. There is also no conclusive evidence that the defendant
had paid the plaintiff any debt under the agreement that the defendant had
signed with the plaintiff that entitles the defendant to gamble at the
plaintiff’s casino in Singapore.

3 The main evidence in support of the defendant’s assertions that he had paid
the money through Tian Du is in the affidavit of Liu Jian, the former manager
of Tian Du. In that affidavit he affirms that Tian Du collected money from the
defendant on behalf of the plaintiff.

4 Mr Kelvin Tan, counsel for the plaintiff, submitted that neither the
defendant nor Tian Du can assert an agency relationship between Tian Du and
the plaintiff, because only the principal can create an agency. That is true,
but a principal can falsely deny the agency he had created. Whether this was
the case would be a matter for trial. The question remaining is whether the
defendant is entitled to unconditional leave to defend.

5 Against the defendant’s assertions, the only direct contractual document is
the credit application signed between the plaintiff and the defendant. There
is no link with Tian Du. If not for Liu Jian’s affidavit, I would have
dismissed this appeal, but the questions raised requires a consideration on
the merits and after a full trial. The assertions of the defendant and Liu
Jian cannot be dismissed summarily on the merits without more. In the
circumstances, I will vary the order by imposing the payment of the amount of
$3,500,000 into court within 14 days as a condition for leave to defend.

6 Costs here and below to be costs in the cause.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

David Chan Ming Onn, Lee Ping and Chng Yan (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for
appellant/defendant  
Kelvin Tan Teck San and Chng Hu Ping (Drew & Napier LLC) for
respondent/plaintiff

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

