Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 213

Originating Summons No 829 of 2017 (Registrar’s Appeal No 298 of 2017) Summons
Nos 3664 of 2017 and 4911 of 2017

Between

BTY

… Plaintiff

And

BUA

… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Arbitration] — [Agreement] — [Scope]

[Arbitration] — [Stay of litigation] — [Mandatory stay under International
Arbitration Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BTY

  

v

  

BUA and other matters

[2018] SGHC 213

High Court — Originating Summons No 829 of 2017 (Registrar’s Appeal No 298 of
2017)

Summons Nos 3664 of 2017 and 4911 of 2017  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
27 October, 21 November 2017

15 October 2018

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

1 A joint venture company and its shareholders enter into a shareholders’
agreement. As stipulated in the agreement, the shareholders cause the company
formally to adopt new articles of association in agreed form. The new articles
restate several provisions found in the shareholders’ agreement. After several
years pass, the relationship between the shareholders deteriorates. One of the
shareholders alleges that the company has breached the articles and commences
litigation against the company. The alleged breach of the articles would, if
established, also constitute a breach of the shareholders’ agreement. The
shareholders’ agreement contains an arbitration clause. The articles do not.
Should the litigation be stayed in favour of arbitration?

2 The assistant registrar stayed the shareholder’s litigation. The
shareholder’s appeal against that decision has come before me. I have allowed
the appeal and permitted the shareholder’s litigation to continue. The company
has, with my leave, appealed to the Court of Appeal against my decision. I now
give the grounds for my decision.

The background

The parties

3 The plaintiff in this litigation, ie the aggrieved shareholder, is an
investment fund. It is a wholly-owned subsidiary of a private-equity firm. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at para 4.

I shall refer to the private equity firm as “the plaintiff’s parent”.

4 The defendant in this litigation, ie the joint venture company, has only two
shareholders: (a) the plaintiff holding under 50% of its shares; and (b) a
company which I shall call “the majority shareholder” holding over 50% of its
shares. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at para 6.

5 The majority shareholder is a listed company. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at page 114 and para 5.

Its business is to provide products and services to a particular industry
worldwide. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at para 11.

The defendant is the holding company under which the majority shareholder
consolidated and holds an entire arm of its worldwide business. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at para 15.

The plaintiff’s parent used the plaintiff as its vehicle to make an investment
in that arm. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at paras 6, 11 and 12 and
Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at para 4.

The plaintiff’s investment in the defendant

6 The plaintiff’s parent and the majority shareholder entered into
negotiations over the investment in 2008. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 26 October 2017 at para 12.

The two companies eventually signed heads of agreement in October 2009. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at para 12.

The heads of agreement envisaged both companies establishing a joint venture
company into which the majority shareholder would inject part of its business
and in which the plaintiff’s parent would take a minority stake. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 26 October 2017 at para 13.

7 The two companies duly incorporated the defendant as their joint venture
company in December 2009. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at para 13.

There was a third shareholder 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at page 27.

of the defendant from a time soon after incorporation until several years ago.
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at page 113.

But the third shareholder is not material to any of the issues which I have to
decide on this appeal. I shall therefore treat the majority shareholder and
the plaintiff as having been the only two shareholders of the defendant at all
material times.

8 Five days after the defendant was incorporated, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at para 13.

it entered into a shareholders’ agreement with its shareholders. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at para 14.

As one would expect, the agreement governs the shareholders’ relationship
inter se as joint venturers and also their relationship with the defendant as
their joint venture vehicle. In addition, however, it governs the terms on
which the plaintiff was to make its investment in the defendant. It is for
this reason that the shareholders’ agreement bears the title “Investment
Agreement”.

9 The Investment Agreement envisaged a period of time elapsing between its
execution as a contract and completion of the plaintiff’s investment. It
therefore obliged the parties to agree and enter into a number of “agreed form
documents” 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at page 26.

between contract and completion. One of the agreed form documents was a fresh
set of articles of association for the defendant. The Investment Agreement
thus obliged the parties, as a completion requirement, to procure a
shareholders’ resolution to be passed causing the defendant to adopt new
articles in agreed form. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at page 30, 40 and 82 (para
1.10).

10 Within five months of signing the Investment Agreement, the majority
shareholder and the plaintiff duly passed a special resolution causing the
defendant to adopt new articles (“the Articles”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at para 19.

In all material respects, the defendant remains governed by the Articles to
the present day.

The key provisions

11 The Investment Agreement contains three key provisions which I shall
describe before I turn to summarise the factual background. These key
provisions: (a) regulate the composition of the defendant’s board; (b)
stipulate that certain corporate matters require both shareholders’ consent;
and (c) oblige the parties to arbitrate their disputes.

Composition of the board

12 Clause 12 of the Investment Agreement stipulates that the defendant’s board
shall consist of no more than six directors. The majority shareholder is
entitled to nominate three directors (who may be executive or non-executive).
The plaintiff, as the defendant’s minority shareholder, is entitled to
nominate two non-executive directors. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at page 58, cl 12; at page 153,
Art 6.

13 At all material times, the defendant’s board has consisted of five
directors: three directors nominated by the majority shareholder and two by
the plaintiff. The Articles refer to the directors nominated by the majority
shareholder as “the A directors” and to the directors nominated by the
plaintiff as “the B directors”. I shall use the same terminology to refer to
them in this judgment.

14 Clause 12 of the Investment Agreement is restated in Art 6 of the Articles.

Matters requiring both shareholders’ consent

15 Clause 11 of the Investment Agreement provides that the defendant may not
carry out certain acts without the consent of both shareholders. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at page 57.

The Investment Agreement calls these acts “Matters Requiring Consent”. A
detailed list of the matters requiring consent is set out in Schedule 7 of the
Investment Agreement. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at page 107.

Under para 8.1 of the schedule, “Adopting or approving the annual accounts” of
the defendant is a matter requiring consent. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at page 104.

16 The obligation in cl 11 of the Investment Agreement binds the shareholders
as well as the defendant itself. Thus, cl 11.1 obliges each shareholder to
procure that the defendant does not perform any matter requiring consent
without the consent of the other shareholder. Further, cl 11.2 obliges the
defendant itself not to carry out any matter requiring consent without the
consent of both shareholders. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at page 57.

The consent required by cl 11 must be in writing and can be given either by
the shareholder itself or by one of its nominated directors. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at pages 28, 30, 35 and 36.

17 Clause 11 of the Investment Agreement is restated in Art 61 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at page 205, Art 61.

of the Articles. That article prohibits the defendant from carrying out what
it calls “Reserved Matters” without the consent of both shareholders: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at paras 14 – 15 and pages 114 –
115.

61\. RESERVED MATTERS

None of the acts specified in Schedule 1 shall be carried out by [the
defendant] without both [the majority shareholder’s] Consent and [the
plaintiff’s] Consent … provided that to the extent that this would constitute
an unlawful fetter on its statutory powers (for which purpose each paragraph
of Schedule 1 shall be a separate and severable undertaking by it).

18 Schedule 1 of the Articles 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at page 102.

sets out the list of reserved matters. It replicates 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at para 39.

Schedule 7 of the Investment Agreement. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at page 107.

Thus, paragraph 8.1 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at page 104.

of Schedule 1 classifies “adopting or approving the annual accounts” of the
defendant as a reserved matter.

19 As in the Investment Agreement, the Articles provide that the shareholders’
consent required by Art 61 must be given in writing and can be given either by
a shareholder itself or by one of its nominated directors. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at pages 35 and 37.

The arbitration agreement

20 Clause 29.2 of the Investment Agreement is a paradigm arbitration
agreement. It obliges the parties to arbitrate “[a]ny dispute … arising out of
or in connection with this Agreement”: 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at page 80.

Any dispute, controversy or conflict arising out of or in connection with this
Agreement including any question regarding its existence, validity or
termination (a “Dispute”), shall be referred to and finally resolved by
arbitration in Singapore and administered by the Singapore International
Arbitration Centre (the “SIAC”) in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of
the SIAC for the time being in force which rules are deemed to be incorporated
by reference into this clause 29.

21 Clause 29.2 is not restated in the Articles.

The factual background to this litigation

22 In February 2016, the defendant tabled its accounts for the year ended 31
December 2015 (“the 2015 Accounts”) for approval at a meeting of its board of
directors. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at para 23.

It appears that the A directors were prepared to approve the 2015 Accounts.
But the B directors expressed strong objections to substantial aspects of the
accounts. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at paras 24 – 28.

23 In April 2016 and September 2016, the defendant circulated revised versions
of the 2015 Accounts to its directors. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at paras 30 – 31; pages 547 – 548.

The B directors expressed strong objections to substantial aspects of all of
these versions too. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at paras 31 – 36.

24 In December 2016, the defendant circulated yet another version of the 2015
Accounts and tabled that version for approval at a board meeting to be held
later that month. The B directors took objection to this version of the 2015
Accounts too. Although the December 2016 board meeting went ahead as
scheduled, it appears that this version of the 2015 Accounts was not put to a
vote at that meeting. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at para 40.

25 On 29 March 2017, the defendant circulated to its directors a resolution in
writing resolving to approve the 2015 Accounts. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at para 45.

It appears that the three A directors, comprising a majority of the board,
duly signed the resolution in writing. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at paras 61 and 62.

The two B directors refused to do so, repeating their objections. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at para 48 and p 837.

26 Article 44 of the Articles requires any directors’ resolution in writing to
be “signed by the majority of Directors being not less than are sufficient to
form a quorum” for a physical board meeting. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at page 91.

Article 43.3 provides that the quorum for a physical board meeting is at least
two directors comprising at least one A director and one B director. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at page 90.

27 On 4 July 2017, the defendant gave notice to its shareholders that its
Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) would be held on 21 July 2017. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at para 62 and p 922.

Item one on the agenda for the AGM asked the shareholders to receive and
consider, and, if they thought it fit, to adopt, the 2015 Accounts. A final
version of the defendant’s 2015 Accounts was circulated to shareholders
together with this notice. The directors’ statement accompanying the audited
accounts was duly signed by two A directors. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at para 30 and p 324 at 327.

28 The plaintiff initiated a correspondence with the defendant, repeating its
objections to the 2015 Accounts and asking the defendant to remove the
adoption of the 2015 Accounts from the agenda from the AGM. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at p 990 – 991 (para 9 and p 1001
– 1005).

The defendant refused. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at p 993 – 999.

29 The plaintiff commenced this litigation on 19 July 2017. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Originating Summons No 829 of 2017.

But it did not simultaneously seek an interim injunction to restrain the
defendant from holding the AGM. As a result, the defendant’s AGM went ahead as
scheduled on 21 July 2017. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at para 34.

The shareholders did not, however, resolve to adopt the 2015 Accounts at the
AGM.

30 In August 2017, the defendant lodged the 2015 Accounts electronically with
the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”). 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed 6 September 2017 at para 6 and page 9; Defendant’s
affidavit filed on 14 September 2017 at paras 5 – 6.

It did so because it takes the position that “2015 Accounts are valid and have
been properly audited” 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 14 September 2017 at para 6.

and because the Companies Act both empowers and obliges it to do so. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 14 September 2017 at para 13.

The parties’ position on the merits

31 I now summarise the parties’ positions on the merits. Although the merits
of the underlying litigation are not of concern in a stay application such as
the one before me, some appreciation of the merits is necessary in order to
ascertain whether the statutory prerequisites for a stay have been satisfied.

32 It is common ground that the plaintiff has not consented to the adoption or
approval of the 2015 Accounts, whether by its own act or by an act of the B
directors, and whether by the directors’ resolution in writing dated 29 March
2017, at the AGM held on 21 July 2017 or otherwise. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at paras 47 and 60.

33 The defendant’s position on the merits of this application is that: (a) the
directors’ resolution in writing dated 29 March 2017 was validly passed and
the board has thereby validly approved the 2015 Accounts as circulated on 4
July 2017; 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at para 49.

(b) Art 61 applies only to adoption of the accounts by shareholders in general
meeting and does not prevent the defendant’s board from approving its annual
accounts without the plaintiff’s consent; 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at para 33(a)(i).

and (c) the defendant has been at liberty from 29 March 2017 to table the 2015
Accounts at general meeting for the shareholders to adopt. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 14 September 2017 at para 13.

34 The plaintiff’s position is that: (a) Art 61 requires the plaintiff’s
consent to the defendant approving or adopting its annual accounts both by the
directors and by the shareholders; (a) the directors’ resolution in writing
dated 29 March 2017 was not validly passed either: (i) because it dealt with a
reserved matter within the meaning of the Articles and did not have the
plaintiff’s consent as required by Art 61; or (ii) because it was not signed
by at least one B director as required by Art 44 read with Art 43.3 (see [26]
above); 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at para 47.

and (c) on both of the foregoing grounds, the alleged approval of the 2015
Accounts by the 29 March 2017 resolution is ultra vires the Articles and void.
56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at para 72.

The defendant’s application for a stay

Summary of the parties’ cases on the stay

35 The defendant invokes s 6 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A,
2002 Rev Ed) (“the IAA”) to seek a stay of this litigation, relying on the
arbitration agreement in cl 29.2 of the Investment Agreement. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 26 October 2017 at paras 30 – 33.

It is significant that the defendant’s entire legal basis for a stay rests on
– and only on – s 6 of the IAA. In particular, the defendant does not seek a
stay of this litigation in the exercise of the court’s inherent powers of case
management, even as an alternative basis to a stay under s 6 of the IAA. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed 3 November 2017 at page 249, lines 27 – 29 and
Defendant’s written submissions dated 26 October 2017 at para 51.

36 Section 6 of the IAA provides as follows:

Enforcement of international arbitration agreement

6.—(1) … where any party to an arbitration agreement … institutes any
proceedings in any court against any other party to the agreement in respect
of any matter which is the subject of the agreement, any party to the
agreement may … apply to that court to stay the proceedings so far as the
proceedings relate to that matter.

(2) The court to which an application has been made in accordance with
subsection (1) shall make an order, upon such terms or conditions as it may
think fit, staying the proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to the
matter, unless it is satisfied that the arbitration agreement is null and
void, inoperative or incapable of being performed.

…

37 As the Court of Appeal held in Tomolugen Holdings Ltd and another v Silica
Investors Ltd and other appeals [2016] 1 SLR 373 at [63], the defendant is
entitled to have this litigation stayed if it can establish at least a prima
facie case on the following three issues:

(a) that there is a valid arbitration agreement between the parties;

(b) that the dispute in this litigation (or any part of the dispute) falls
within the scope of the arbitration agreement; and

(c) the arbitration agreement is not null and void, inoperative or incapable
of being performed.

38 There is no dispute that, within the meaning of s 6 of the IAA: (a) cl 29.2
of the Investment Agreement is an “arbitration agreement”; (b) the plaintiff
and the defendant are each a “party” to that arbitration agreement; and (c)
the arbitration agreement is not “null and void, inoperative or incapable of
being performed”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 26 October 2017 at para 13.

Of the three issues set out at [37] above, therefore, the only issue which is
in contention in this application is whether any part of the dispute in this
litigation falls within the scope of the parties’ arbitration agreement. If it
does, a stay of this litigation is mandatory. If it does not, this litigation
must be allowed to continue, there being no alternative prayer for a case-
management stay.

39 The defendant argued before the assistant registrar, and argues now before
me, that the dispute in this litigation does fall within the scope of the
parties’ arbitration agreement for the following reasons:

(a) If the substance of the controversy in this litigation is the defendant’s
alleged breach of Art 61, that is necessarily also a breach of the Investment
Agreement and therefore falls squarely within the scope of the parties’
arbitration agreement. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 26 October 2017 at para 47.

(b) In any event, the true substance of the controversy in this litigation is
in fact the defendant’s “auditing process and [its] alleged failure to comply
with the Articles”. That once again is a breach of the Investment Agreement
and squarely within the scope of the parties’ arbitration agreement. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 26 October 2017 at paras 48 and 66.

(c) On a proper construction of the Investment Agreement, the parties’ express
intention to resolve disputes arising under or in connection with that
agreement by arbitration should prevail over any liberty accorded to the
parties to have recourse to litigation by reason of the absence of an
arbitration agreement in the Articles. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 26 October 2017 at para 50.

(d) The actions and omissions of the defendant which underlie the plaintiff’s
claims in this litigation and those very same actions and omissions seen in
the context of the parties’ rights and obligations under the Investment
Agreement are so closely intertwined that they cannot be untangled or
separated. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 26 October 2017 at para 57.

40 The plaintiff argued before the assistant registrar, and argues now before
me, that the dispute in this litigation does not fall within the scope of the
parties’ arbitration agreement for the following reasons: 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 26 October 2017 at paras 49 and 54.

(a) The substance of the controversy in this litigation is whether the
defendant had corporate capacity to approve the 2015 Accounts. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 26 October 2017 at para 48.

(b) The dispute in this litigation therefore arises out of the Articles and
not out of the Investment Agreement.

(c) The Articles constitute an agreement separate and distinct from the
Investment Agreement. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 26 October 2017 at paras 49 and 51(a).

The assistant registrar’s decision

41 The assistant registrar accepted the defendant’s submissions and stayed
this litigation. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed 3 November 2017 at p 256, line 22 – 23.

She observed that Art 61 is identical to cl 11 of the Investment Agreement and
took the view, therefore, that the issue of whether the defendant had adopted
or approved the 2015 Accounts in breach of the Articles was in substance the
same issue as whether it had done so in breach of the Investment Agreement. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed 3 November 2017 at p 256, line 8 – 18.

42 The assistant registrar therefore held that the defendant had established a
prima facie case that the dispute in this litigation fell within the scope of
the parties’ arbitration agreement. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed 3 November 2017 at p 256, line 20 – 22.

A stay was accordingly mandatory under s 6(1) of the IAA and was accordingly
granted.

Issues to be determined

43 The single issue which is in contention on this application (see [38]
above) is whether any part of the dispute in this litigation falls within the
scope of the parties’ arbitration agreement. Tracking the statutory language
of s 6(1), that issue can be reframed as follows: is the “matter” in respect
of which the plaintiff brings this litigation any part of the “subject” of cl
29.2 of the Investment Agreement?

44 Determining the issue before me therefore resolves into two sub-issues (see
Tomolugen at [108]):

(a) What is the “matter” in respect of which this litigation has been brought?

(b) Is that matter the “subject” of the parties’ arbitration agreement?

What is the “matter” in this litigation?

The nature of the inquiry

45 The first sub-issue requires me to determine what is the “matter” in this
litigation. How this inquiry is to be carried out has been comprehensively
analysed by the Court of Appeal in Tomolugen. In that case, a minority
shareholder brought an action claiming that the affairs of the company were
being conducted in an oppressive or unfairly prejudicial manner within the
meaning of s 216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed). The defendants to
the action were: (a) the company itself; (b) the majority shareholder; and (c)
certain current and former directors of the company and of its related
companies. All of the defendants applied to have the entire action stayed. The
majority shareholder applied to stay: (a) part of the action against it on the
ground that that part fell within the scope of an arbitration agreement
between itself and the minority shareholder; and (b) the remainder of the
action pursuant to the court’s inherent powers of case management. The other
defendants, none of whom had an arbitration agreement with the minority
shareholder, all applied to stay the entire action against them purely on
case-management grounds.

46 The two sides in Tomolugen urged the court to adopt two diametrically
opposed approaches to determining the “matter” in the litigation. The minority
shareholder urged the court to adopt a broad approach in which all that the
court need do is to identify the “essential dispute” or “main issue” between
the parties. Adopting and applying that approach, the minority shareholder
submitted that its action raised only one “matter”: whether the affairs of the
company were being conducted in an oppressive or unfairly prejudicial manner
towards the minority shareholder: Tomolugen at [109].

47 The majority shareholder, on the other hand, advocated a more granular
approach to the inquiry. It contended that a “matter” is each “issue which is
material to the relief sought and/or is capable of settlement as a discrete
controversy”. The majority shareholder thus submitted that the minority
shareholder’s litigation in fact comprised four “matters”, broadly equivalent
to each of the four sets of acts alleged to be oppressive or unfairly
prejudicial towards the minority shareholder: Tomolugen at [109].

48 The Court of Appeal adopted the majority shareholder’s approach. It
observed that s 6(2) of the IAA expressly accommodates the possibility that
only a part of the litigation before the court may be the subject of the
parties’ arbitration agreement and therefore subject to a mandatory stay.
Thus, the Court of Appeal held, the language of s 6(2) itself envisages the
more granular inquiry which the majority shareholder advocated and militates
against the excessively broad view which the minority shareholder advocated.
To determine whether a “matter” is the subject of an arbitration agreement (at
[113]):

… [The court] should undertake a practical and common-sense inquiry in
relation to any reasonably substantial issue that is not merely peripherally
or tangentially connected to the dispute in the court proceedings. The court
should not characterise the matter(s) in either an overly broad or an unduly
narrow and pedantic manner. In most cases, the matter would encompass the
claims made in the proceedings. But, that is not an absolute or inflexible
rule.

49 The Court of Appeal then conducted a practical and common sense inquiry at
the intermediate level of conceptual generality. It agreed with the majority
shareholder and held that that each of the four sets of oppressive acts
alleged by the minority shareholder constituted a separate “matter” within the
meaning of s 6(1) of the IAA (Tomolugen at [122]).

50 The Court of Appeal in Tomolugen (at [115]–[118]) was influenced by the
approach taken upon a similar application by Austin J in the New South Wales
case of ACD Tridon v Tridon Australia [2002] NSWSC 896 (“ACD Tridon”). In ACD
Tridon a minority shareholder commenced litigation against: (a) the company;
(b) two individuals who were the majority shareholders and directors of the
company; and (c) a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company. The minority
shareholder and one of the majority shareholders were parties to a
shareholders’ agreement which contained an arbitration clause. All of the
defendants in ACD Tridon applied to stay the litigation in favour of
arbitration under s 7(2) of Australia’s International Arbitration Act 1974
(Cth), the Australian equivalent of s 6(1) of the IAA.

51 The minority shareholder in ACD Tridon tried to draw a distinction between
“matters” and “issues”. It submitted that its action raised five claims (at
[20]) and submitted that each claim constituted a separate “matter” even
though it acknowledged that each “matter” comprised several “issues”. Thus,
although the minority shareholder accepted that each of the five claims raised
an issue relating to the construction of the shareholders’ agreement – an
issue which was therefore within the scope of an arbitration clause in that
agreement – it argued that no stay should be granted because those were merely
“issues” and were therefore not “matters” within the meaning of the statutory
stay provision (ACD Tridon at [102]).

52 Austin J did not accept the minority shareholder’s approach. Instead, he
adopted a more granular approach and found that the issues relating to the
shareholders’ agreement comprised in each claim were, in themselves,
sufficiently substantial to constitute “matters” (ACD Tridon at [110]):

… I had decided that each of the five claims … involves a “matter” arising out
of the Shareholders’ Agreement [and the Distribution Agreement] and also one
or more matters arising out of claims to statutory and equitable rights. The
controversies as to the correct construction of the Shareholders’ Agreement
concerning each of the first four Claims, and concerning the rights and
liabilities of [the parties] under the relevant parts of the Agreement, are
controversies discrete from the statutory and equitable claims, both in the
sense that the contract claims might have been asserted independently of the
statutory and equitable claims, although arising out of the same facts, and in
the sense that the parties to the contract claims are only [one majority
shareholder] and [the minority shareholder], not the other defendants.

The matter in this litigation

53 The plaintiff submits that the “matter” in this litigation is the
defendant’s corporate capacity to approve the 2015 Accounts. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 26 October 2017 at para 48.

The defendant submits that the “matter” in this litigation is either: (a)
whether the defendant has breached its specific obligation under Article 61;
or (b) whether it has breached a general obligation to comply with the
Articles. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 26 October 2017 at para 48.

54 To my mind, each party has characterised the “matter” at too high a level
of generality. They have each done so in a self-serving attempt to colour, if
not pre-empt, the outcome of the inquiry on the second sub-issue.

55 Thus, the plaintiff characterises the “matter” as one of the defendant’s
corporate capacity. That is an obvious attempt to set the stage for an
argument on the second sub-issue that a dispute over corporate capacity can
arise only out of the Articles and never out of the Investment Agreement.

56 Likewise, the defendant characterises the “matter” as a breach of Art 61
and in the alternative as a breach of its own obligation to comply with the
Articles. That is an equally obvious attempt to set the stage for its argument
on the second sub-issue that both Art 61 and its obligation to comply with the
Articles are merely the product of an express obligation which the defendant
initially and originally undertook in the Investment Agreement and for which
the Investment Agreement is therefore the ultimate contractual source. Clause
11 of the Investment Agreement, as I have explained, is the source of the
defendant’s obligation in Art 61. Further, para 1.1.1 of Schedule 10 of the
Investment Agreement obliges the defendant to conduct its business and deal
with its assets in all material respects in accordance with, amongst other
documents, its own Articles. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at page 117.

There is no express provision to the same effect in the Articles.

57 I do not consider it correct in principle to characterise the “matter” on a
s 6 application in this self-serving way.

58 The first sub-issue requires me to identify what is the substance of the
controversy in this litigation (Tomolugen at [133]). That is why the Court of
Appeal acknowledged in Tomolugen that, in most applications for a stay, the
“matter” in any given litigation will encompass the claims made in the
litigation (at [113], quoted at [48] above).

59 The inquiry as to the “matter” in this litigation is somewhat unusual. The
only matters which this litigation raises for determination are the correct
legal conclusions to be drawn from a factual and legal background which is
common ground. That is no doubt why the plaintiff chose to commence this
litigation by way of originating summons rather than by writ; and also no
doubt why the defendant has – at least, so far – accepted that the “matter” in
this litigation can be decided summarily, ie without resolving disputed facts
at trial.

60 Thus, it is common ground that Art 61 prevents the defendant from “adopting
or approving” (within the meaning of paragraph 8.1 of Schedule 1 of the
Articles) 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at page 104.

the 2015 Accounts without the plaintiff’s consent. It is also common ground
that that neither the plaintiff nor the B directors have consented to the 2015
Accounts being “adopted or approved”, or to the 29 March 2017 directors’
resolution in writing being passed. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 28 July 2017 at paras 47 and 60.

Neither of these points is in controversy. Accordingly, neither of these
points can be the substance of the controversy in this litigation.

61 From this common ground, the parties arrive at opposing legal conclusions.
The plaintiff’s conclusions are that the 29 March 2017 resolution is void,
being ultra vires the Articles, either for breach of Art 61 or for breach of
Art 44 read with Art 43.3 (see [26] above), the 2015 Accounts have not been
validly approved by the defendant’s board and the 2015 Accounts therefore
cannot be placed for adoption before the defendant’s shareholders in general
meeting or lodged with ACRA. The defendant’s conclusions are that the 29 March
2017 resolution was validly passed, the 2015 Accounts have been validly
approved and, accordingly, the prerequisites for placing the 2015 Accounts
before shareholders at AGM for adoption in accordance with the Articles and
for lodgement with ACRA have been met. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 27 July 2017 at p 994; Defendant’s affidavit
filed on 10 August 2017 at para 49.

62 On the basis that its conclusions will be accepted by the court, the
plaintiff seeks the following substantive relief in this litigation: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Originating Summons No 829 of 2017 dated 19 July 2017 at prayers 1 – 3.

1\. A declaration that the directors’ resolution approving the annual accounts
of the Defendant and its subsidiaries for the financial year ending 31
December 2015 (the “2015 Accounts”) for submission to the Defendant’s Annual
General Meeting, whether written, oral or otherwise, which was purportedly
passed on 29 March 2017, is void and ultra vires for being in breach of the
Articles of Association of [the defendant] …;

2\. A declaration that any adoption and approval of the 2015 Accounts at the
Annual General Meeting … without the approval of both the Plaintiff and [D],
is void and ultra vires for being in breach of the Articles of Association of
the [defendant];

3\. An injunction restraining the Defendant from distributing and/or
disseminating the 2015 Accounts to any third party, and/or relying on the 2015
Accounts, until the 2015 Accounts are properly adopted and approved in
accordance with the Articles of Association of the Defendant;

…

63 In light of what it views as the defendant’s invalid lodgement of the 2015
Accounts with ACRA after this litigation commenced (see [30] above), the
plaintiff has foreshadowed that it will now seek additional relief in this
litigation by way of an order to have the 2015 Accounts expunged from ACRA’s
records. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 26 October 2017 at para 21.

Presumably, the plaintiff’s position is that this additional head of relief
does not expand the “matter” in this litigation beyond corporate capacity.

64 It is significant to my mind that a breach of the Articles is the sine qua
non of each of the plaintiff’s three current claims for relief and of its
foreshadowed claim for additional relief. By those claims, and by the grounds
raised in its affidavit in support, the plaintiff has rested this litigation
solely upon a breach of the Articles, whether of Art 61 or of Art 44 read with
Art 43.3. Looking at the manner in which the plaintiff has framed its claim in
this litigation, therefore, it appears to me that the “matter” in this
litigation is simply this: has the defendant adopted or approved the 2015
Accounts in breach of the Articles?

65 This characterisation of the “matter” in this litigation amounts to
accepting the plaintiff’s submissions on the first sub-issue, but without
tilting the framing of the “matter” impermissibly towards the conclusion on
the second sub-issue which is implicit in framing it explicitly in terms of
corporate capacity.

66 I am conscious, however, that the Court of Appeal in Tomolugen made it
clear that the manner in which a party chooses to frame its claim in any given
litigation is not conclusive as to how the substance of the controversy in
that litigation should properly be characterised.

67 As Austin J recognised in ACD Tridon (at [109]), it is useful to look at
the defence which the defendant advances on the merits in order to
characterise accurately the “matter” in any given litigation. Of course, in
any application to stay an action commenced by writ, there will be no formal,
pleaded defence available when the court deals with the stay application. That
is because s 6(1) of the IAA requires the defendant to apply for a stay
“before delivering any pleading or taking any other step in the proceedings”.
In the litigation before me, there is no formal, pleaded defence, but for
another reason. Because this litigation has been commenced by originating
summons, the defendant will never have to file a formal, pleaded defence.

68 The defendant has, however, foreshadowed in its affidavits in support of
this application the defences which it intends to raise, albeit while
reserving its right to expand upon or add to these defences in the future. The
defences which the defendant has foreshadowed are as follows: 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

The defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at paras 33 – 36.

(a) To the claim on prayer 1 (see [62] above):

(i) The 29 March 2017 resolution was not passed in breach of Art 61, because
it is not the directors’ role to adopt or approve the 2015 Accounts within the
meaning of Art 61. That is the role of the defendant’s shareholders in general
meeting. And the shareholders have not yet adopted or approved the accounts.

(ii) Insofar as Art 61 requires the plaintiff to consent to the directors
resolving to place the 2015 Accounts before the shareholders in general
meeting, that is an unlawful fetter on the directors’ powers under s 201 of
the Companies Act and therefore expressly outside the scope of Art 61;

(b) To the claim on prayer 2 (see [62] above):

(i) It is premature to attempt to declare void and ultra vires the result of
an AGM which had not yet been held when this litigation was commenced;

(ii) In any event, to commence litigation against the defendant to have the
adoption and approval of the 2015 Accounts declared void and ultra vires is to
commence litigation against the wrong party because the defendant cannot
control how the majority shareholder will cast its vote on the 2015 Accounts
at the AGM;

(c) To the claim on prayer 3 (see [62] above), the injunction ought not to be
granted because it will have significant adverse impact on the defendant’s
ability to secure funding and maintain transactions with banks and other
creditors.

69 The critical point which emerges from this analysis is that the defence on
the merits which the defendant foreshadows occupies precisely the same field
as the plaintiff’s claim. Thus, the defendant: (a) denies a breach of the
Articles; (b) argues that Art 61 must give way to s 201 of the Companies Act
by the express terms of the proviso found in Art 61 itself; and (c) argues
against an injunction because of the effect it would have on the defendant as
a company. In other words, like the plaintiff’s claim, the foreshadowed
defences implicate only the Articles and the Companies Act and not the
Investment Agreement.

70 The defendant’s foreshadowed defences therefore reinforce my view that the
“matter” in this litigation is simply this: has the defendant adopted or
approved the 2015 Accounts in breach of the Articles?

71 A similar situation arose in Ho Yew Kong v Sakae Holdings Ltd and other
appeals and other matters [2018] SGCA 33 (“Sakae Holdings”). Sakae Holdings
was decided after I gave my decision in the present case. I therefore do not
rely on it as the basis of my decision. I refer to it merely as ex post facto
support for it.

72 The dispute in Sakae Holdings arose out of a joint venture agreement
entered into between two shareholders and their joint venture vehicle. The
joint venture agreement contained an arbitration clause. The minority
shareholder commenced litigation under s 216 of the Act, alleging oppressive
and unfairly prejudicial conduct. The majority shareholder argued that the
minority shareholder was obliged to arbitrate their dispute by virtue of the
arbitration agreement. The Court of Appeal observed obiter that it was “not
even clear” that the minority’s complaints of oppression fell within the scope
of the arbitration agreement. This was because, as noted at [184]:

… [The minority shareholder’s] complaints concerned the making of unauthorised
loans, the misappropriation of the Company’s assets, the attempt to wrongfully
dilute [the minority’s] agreed shareholding in the Company as well as the
creation of fictitious or sham agreements to conceal the impugned
transactions. All of these actions were oppressive to [the minority
shareholder] even without regard to the [joint venture agreement]. [emphasis
added]

In other words, the Court of Appeal allowed the minority shareholder’s
litigation to continue because he did not have to prove or rely on any breach
of the parties’ joint venture agreement in order to succeed in his oppression
claim.

73 The same is the case in this litigation. the plaintiff’s complaint is that
the defendant has adopted or approved its 2015 Accounts in breach of the
Articles. If the plaintiff is right, the defendant’s act is ultra vires. That
is so without any need whatsoever to have regard to the provisions of the
Investment Agreement.

Whether the “matter” is the subject of the parties’ arbitration agreement

74 The second sub-issue is the heart of the defendant’s stay application. Is
the “matter” in this litigation a “dispute, controversy or conflict arising
out of or in connection with this Agreement”? The second sub-issue thus raises
two questions on cl 29.2:

(a) What does “this Agreement” mean in cl 29.2?

(b) Is a dispute over whether the 2015 Accounts have been adopted or approved
in breach of the Articles a dispute “arising out of or in connection with this
Agreement” within the meaning of cl 29.2?

75 On both of these questions, I find against the defendant. I accept the
plaintiff’s submission that the “matter” in this litigation arises out of or
in connection with the Articles and not out of or in connection with the
Investment Agreement and, further, that the Articles and the Investment
Agreement are entirely separate agreements. I find further that the phrase
“this Agreement” in the arbitration agreement encompasses only the Investment
Agreement and does not extend to the Articles whether as a matter of
incorporation, of construction or otherwise.

The law

76 It is well-established that arbitration agreements are to be construed
generously: Larsen Oil and Gas Pte Ltd v Petroprod Ltd (in official
liquidation in the Cayman Islands and in compulsory liquidation in Singapore)
[2011] 3 SLR 414 (“Larsen Oil”) at [19]. But that is not to say that there is
any special rule of construction which applies only to arbitration agreements
and which leans in favour of ushering disputes away from litigation and into
arbitration. As is the case when construing any agreement, the objective of
construing an arbitration agreement is simply to determine and give effect to
the objectively-ascertained intention of the parties in agreeing to arbitrate,
bearing in mind the context in which they so agreed: Rals International Pte
Ltd v Cassa di Risparmio di Parma e Piacenza SpA [2016] 5 SLR 455 (“Rals
International”) at [32] and [34]. Thus, an arbitration agreement must be
construed based on the presumed intentions of the parties as rational
commercial parties and not on any technical basis: Tomolugen at [124].

77 If, taking this approach, the defendant is able to establish a prima facie
case that the dispute as to whether it has adopted or approved the 2015
Accounts in breach of the Articles – which is what I have found the “matter”
in this litigation to be – is the subject of the parties’ arbitration
agreement, then I am obliged to stay this litigation in favour of arbitration
under s 6(1) of the IAA.

78 In my view, the defendant has failed to discharge even the light burden
which Tomolugen casts upon it. The “matter” in this litigation does not arise
either “out of” or “in connection with” the Investment Agreement, as required
by the parties’ arbitration agreement found in cl 29.2 of the Investment
Agreement.

79 The Investment Agreement and the Articles create two separate legal
relationships between the parties which operate on two separate legal planes.
Clause 29.2 of the Investment Agreement on its proper construction applies
only to the private contractual relationship between the parties created by
the Investment Agreement itself. Disputes under the Articles are not within
the scope of cl 29.2 and are governed by recourse to the courts in accordance
with ordinary principles of company law. By the phrase “company law”, I mean
the interaction of a company’s “constitution” (as that term is now defined in
s 4(1) of the Companies Act), the statutory provisions of the Companies Act
and the gloss which the common law has applied to those statutory provisions
and their precursors.

80 I first explain why I have found that the Investment Agreement and the
Articles give rise to two different legal relationships operating on separate
planes before turning to explain why I have found that cl 29.2 does not apply
to the legal relationship created by the Articles.

Two different relationships on two different planes

Different legal character

81 The Investment Agreement and the Articles both have contractual force.
However, each agreement derives its contractual force by a fundamentally
different mechanism.

82 The Investment Agreement is a private contract. It derives its contractual
force purely from the private law of obligations. The law of contract, which
is a branch of the law of obligations, provides that the coincidence of offer,
acceptance and consideration gives rise to obligations which are legally
binding. At common law, nobody who is not a party to the contract can be bound
by its provisions or can claim any rights under its provisions.

83 The Articles are of a fundamentally different legal character to a private
contract. The Articles are a component of the defendant’s constitution. A
company’s constitution derives its contractual force from company law, not
private law. Section 39(1) of the Companies Act provides that the constitution
of a company binds the company and its members as if the constitution had been
signed and sealed by each member and contained covenants on the part of each
member to observe its provisions. The constitution is therefore a deemed
contract which binds immediately by force of statute upon and by virtue of
registration. As such, it binds without any need for offer, acceptance or
consideration.

84 In addition to being a deemed contract, a company’s constitution is also a
public contract. It is public in two senses. It is a public contract in the
sense that it is given binding force by a public Act of Parliament and not by
a private act of the parties. It is also a public contract in the sense that a
company’s constitution, which includes its articles, must be lodged with ACRA
(s 19(3) of the Companies Act). Thereafter, any member of the public has the
right to inspect the company’s constitution on ACRA’s register (s 12(2)(a) of
the Companies Act) and may rely on what he finds there in deciding whether to
transact or not to transact with the company.

Operating on separate planes

85 The fundamentally different legal character of the two contracts means also
that they operate on separate planes. A company’s constitution operates on the
company law plane (as I have defined the term “company law” (see [79] above)).
A shareholders’ agreement operates on the private law plane. Five examples
serve to illustrate this.

86 First, on the private law plane, a shareholders’ agreement can bind any
party to the agreement in any capacity the parties intend it to, whether it be
as a shareholder of the company, as an employee of the company, as an
independent contractor providing services to the company, as a creditor of the
company and even (with considerable caution) as a director of the company. On
the company law plane, even though a company’s constitution has contractual
force, it can bind a shareholder only in his capacity as a shareholder and not
in any other capacity: Hickman v Kent or Romney Marsh Sheepbreeders’
Association [1915] 1 Ch 881 at 900, cited with approval in Guoh Sing Leong
alias Quek Sing Leong the Administrator of the Estate of Guoh Koh Boey
(deceased) v Hock Lee Amalgamated Bus Co (Pte) Ltd [1995] SGHC 279.

87 Second, on the private law plane, no person can be bound by a shareholders’
agreement unless he accedes to it expressly and separately by contract. On the
company law plane, an incoming shareholder becomes a member of the company
only if he agrees to do so and only if his name is entered on the register of
member (s 19(6A) of the Companies Act). The incoming member is thereupon, by
force of company law, immediately and automatically bound by the company’s
constitution. The incoming shareholders’ consent to be bound by the
constitution is not, in itself, sufficient.

88 Third, on the private law plane, the provisions of a shareholders’
agreement can be modified only with the consent of all of the parties to the
agreement. On the company law plane, any provision of a company’s constitution
which is not entrenched within the meaning of s 26A of the Companies Act can
be amended by special resolution under s 26 or s 33. Thus, a shareholder who
holds under 25% of a company’s shares can find himself bound against his will
by a modification of a provision in the company’s constitution so long as it
is carried out in accordance with company law.

89 Fourth, on the private law plane, the most common remedy for a breach of
contract is an award of damages. On the company law plane, a shareholder who
commences litigation against a company on a claim related to his status as a
member cannot at common law recover damages from the company as a remedy for
that claim: Houldsworth v City of Glasgow Bank [1874–80] All ER Rep 333 and
Webb Distributors (Aust) Pty Ltd v Victoria (1993) 179 CLR 15. That is because
an award of damages in these circumstances would constitute the shareholder a
creditor of the company and elevate the shareholder into impermissible
competition with the company’s creditors.

90 Finally, on the private law plane, a shareholders’ agreement, just like any
other private law contract, can be rectified to bring the written record of
the parties’ agreement into the form it ought to have been in when executed.
On the company law plane, a company’s constitution can never be rectified:
Scott v Frank F Scott (London) Limited and others [1940] Ch 794 (“Scott”) and
Santos Ltd & Anor v Pettingell & Ors (1979) 4 ACLR 110.

The private law plane is subordinate to company law

91 In addition to showing that a shareholders’ agreement and a company’s
constitution operates on separate planes, the last three examples I have cited
show that company law subordinates a private agreement – such as a
shareholders’ agreement – to company law on company law matters. To put it
another way, on company law matters, company law allows a shareholders’
agreement to supplement company law but never to supplant it. As Austin J
pointed out in ACD Tridon at [165]:

… Of its nature, a shareholders’ agreement is supplementary to the rights and
liabilities of the shareholders conferred by company law. It does not purport
to exclude or replace the shareholders’ company law rights. Indeed, the
statutory rights of shareholders cannot, for the most part, be taken away by
an agreement. Instead, a shareholders’ agreement imposes consensual
limitations on the way in which certain rights, such as voting rights and the
right to transfer shares, may be exercised. [emphasis added]

92 Company law subordinates a shareholders’ agreement to company law on the
company law plane even if the shareholders’ agreement precedes the company’s
constitution in time and even if obligations in the shareholders’ agreement
are the source, whether factually or contractually, of the obligations in the
constitution. Any obligation which a company or a shareholder undertakes
privately in a shareholders’ agreement which is contrary to a mandatory
provision of company law must yield to company law.

93 This is typically for three reasons.

94 First, as Austin J pointed out, company law confers many rights on
shareholders for their benefit and protection inter se and as against the
company. If there is a shareholders’ agreement running in parallel with a
company’s constitution, there is no guarantee that every shareholder of the
company will be a contractual party to that agreement. Therefore, the rights
of all shareholders must be governed by company law and not by private
agreement.

95 Thus, on the third example (see [88] above), a shareholder who finds
himself bound by an amendment to the company’s constitution on the company law
plane will be bound by that amendment: (a) even if he opposed the amendment;
(b) even if the provision in the constitution which is amended is one which
has its factual and contractual origin in a shareholders’ agreement to which
he is a party; and (c) even if the amendment is carried out in breach of the
shareholders’ agreement. That is so even though his rights under the
shareholders’ agreement cannot be modified as a matter of private law without
his positive assent.

96 Second, company law rules exist not only to benefit and protect
shareholders but also to benefit and protect those who extend credit to the
company. Once again, company law must prevail over a private agreement where
that might otherwise prejudice creditors.

97 Thus, on the fourth example (see [89] above), the common law rule limiting
a shareholder’s right to recover damages from the company on a claim related
to his status as a member is a limitation imposed ostensibly to protect
creditors, as they are outsiders to the company and also to any shareholders’
agreement. Thus, no shareholder can contract out of this common law rule by
private agreement. Indeed, it was only by statute that the common law rule
could be abrogated in English company law: see s 111A of the English Companies
Act 1985 (c 6) (UK), now s 655 of the English Companies Act 2006 (c 46) (UK).

98 Finally, a company’s constitution is a public document which must be lodged
with ACRA and which the public may inspect on ACRA’s register and rely upon
(see [84] above). Company law therefore ensures that the constitution
represents the complete agreement of the shareholders on the company law
plane.

99 Thus, on the fifth example (see [90] above), where a provision in a
shareholders’ agreement is vulnerable to rectification but has been restated
in a company’s constitution, the shareholders will continue to be bound by the
unrectified provision in the constitution on the company law plane until and
unless the shareholders amend the constitution in accordance with the
Companies Act. That is so even if a court orders rectification of the source
provision in the shareholder’s agreement. That is because of the public nature
of a company’s constitution (Scott at 802):

It is quite true that in the case of the rectification of a document, such as
a deed inter partes, or a deed poll, the order for rectification does not
order an alteration of the document; it merely directs that it be made to
accord with the form in which it ought originally to have been executed. This
cannot be the case with regard to the memorandum and articles of association
of a company, for it is the document in its actual form that is delivered to
the Registrar and is retained and registered by him, and it is that form and
no other that constitutes the charter of the company and becomes binding on it
and its members. … In all cases any change in the name or constitution of the
company must be registered with the Registrar.

The parties’ agreement recognises the separate planes

100 In the case before me, the Investment Agreement expressly recognises that
it operates on a plane separate to company law and that it is subordinate to
company law. Two provisions make this clear.

101 First, Recital C records the parties’ intent in entering into the
Investment Agreement as an intent to regulate their rights and obligations as
shareholders, thereby recognising that those rights and obligations originate
elsewhere: 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at p 28.

… [the plaintiff and] … [the majority shareholder] … wish to enter into this
[Investment] Agreement to, among other things, regulate the rights and
obligations … between them as shareholders of [the defendant] and certain
aspects of, and their dealings with, [the defendant].

By framing the intent of the Investment Agreement in this way, Recital C
acknowledges that the plaintiff’s and the majority shareholder’s status as
shareholders of the defendant does not arise from the Investment Agreement but
from the statutory contract that is the defendant’s constitution. Indeed, no
private contract is capable of conferring the status of shareholders on its
parties. Only company law in conjunction with the statutory contract which is
the defendant’s constitution can do that. In short, Recital C is explicit
acknowledgment that the parties to the Investment Agreement intend it – as
Austin J noted in ACD Tridon – to “[impose] consensual limitations on the way
in which certain rights, such as voting rights and the right to transfer
shares, may be exercised”.

102 Second, and most importantly, cl 27.10 explicitly provides that the
Investment Agreement yields to company law: 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at p 77.

[the defendant] … shall not be bound by any provision of this [Investment]
Agreement to the extent that it would constitute an unlawful fetter on any of
its statutory powers … [emphasis added]

Clause 27.10 expressly disavows any attempt by the Investment Agreement to
operate on the company law plane in competition with company law. It
acknowledges that the Investment Agreement operates on a plane subordinate to
company law as far as issues of company law are concerned and that it is
company law which decides the extent to which the Investment Agreement can
bind the defendant on matters of company law.

103 These provisions show that it was the parties’ intent, objectively
ascertained, that the Investment Agreement was to be subordinate to company
law, which confers primacy on the defendant’s constitution.

Company law determines validity of corporate acts

104 A company’s constitution, by virtue of s 23(1) of the Companies Act,
determines a company’s corporate capacity and therefore the validity of its
acts. As noted in The Oriental Insurance Co Ltd v Reliance National Asia Re
Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 121 at [44], s 25(1) of the Companies Act has made
corporate capacity very much a non-issue for outsiders to the company.
Nevertheless, the ultra vires doctrine retains considerable relevance for
insiders to the company. Shareholders can rely on the ultra vires nature of a
company’s act in litigation against the company (s 25(2)(a) of the Companies
Act). And both the shareholders and the company can rely on the ultra vires
doctrine in litigation against present or former officers of the company (s
25(2)(b) of the Companies Act). Further, where an ultra vires act is to be
carried out in the future pursuant to a contract, the court may, if it
considers it just and equitable, set aside and restrain the performance of the
contract (s 25(3) of the Companies Act).

105 A shareholders’ agreement, on the other hand, says nothing about – and
indeed cannot in law say anything about – the validity of corporate acts. That
concept is the exclusive domain of company law. No doubt the defendant has a
contractual obligation to its shareholders under cl 11.2 of the Investment
Agreement not to adopt or approve its annual accounts without the plaintiff’s
consent. But the only consequence of acting in breach of that obligation is
civil liability on the private law plane for breach of contract. The corporate
act itself remains valid on the company law plane until and unless it is
invalidated on that plane in accordance with company law.

106 To be clear, I am prepared to accept the defendant’s submission that an
arbitral tribunal is empowered to grant the relief sought by the plaintiff in
this case. The Court of Appeal in Tomolugen noted that the IAA confers wide
remedial power on arbitral tribunals: Tomolugen at [97]. Section 12(5)(a) of
the IAA stipulates that an arbitral tribunal “may award any remedy or relief
that could have been ordered by the High Court if the dispute had been the
subject of civil proceedings in that Court”. This is of course subject to
public policy considerations and the rights of third parties.

107 But my readiness to accept the defendant’s submission on relief does not
take the defendant’s case for a stay very far. The plaintiff raises the issue
of relief not to argue against a stay on the grounds that an arbitral tribunal
is unable to grant the relief it seeks in this litigation. The plaintiff
raises the issue as support for its principal argument that the two agreements
in question here – the Investment Agreement and the Articles – are of a
fundamentally different character and that the dispute in this litigation
arises out of the agreement which is not subject to an arbitration clause. I
accept the plaintiff’s submissions on this issue.

The plaintiff’s careful framing of this litigation

108 It is to my mind irrelevant that, as the defendant argues, the Investment
Agreement contains an express provision requiring the defendant to comply with
the Articles of Association. It is true that the Articles are silent on the
defendant’s obligation to comply with the Articles. But that is not because
the true source of that obligation is the Investment Agreement. The Articles
are silent on this obligation because the Articles operate on the company law
plane and a company’s obligation to comply with its Articles is axiomatic as a
matter of company law. That obligation arises by force of law under s 39 of
the Companies Act. In my view, the true source of the defendant’s obligation
to comply with the Articles is neither the Articles nor the Investment
Agreement but company law itself.

109 Counsel for the defendant contends that the plaintiff is trying to “slice
and dice to find a way to get into court rather than into arbitration”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Notes of Argument dated 27 October 2017 at p 17.

Even if this is so, absent bad faith, a litigant has the freedom to frame his
cause of action in any way which is more advantageous to him: Rickshaw
Investments Ltd and another v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377 at
[47]–[48]. There is no suggestion that the plaintiff is acting in bad faith in
choosing to frame its cause of action in this litigation as arising from a
breach of the Articles alone.

110 Indeed, no such argument could succeed. An action in which a plaintiff
deliberately selects and pursues one available cause of action and omits
another is not by that fact alone an action brought in bad faith. Nor does it
become one simply because the cause of action which is omitted is arguably
governed by an arbitration agreement while the cause of action which is
pursued is arguably not. Clause 29.2 of the Investment Agreement does not
operate to oblige the plaintiff to pursue a cause of action against the
defendant which arises both under the Articles and under the Investment
Agreement in a manner which triggers cl 29.2.

111 It therefore appears to me that the connection between this litigation and
the Articles – and the omission of any reference to the Investment Agreement
in both the plaintiff’s claim and the defendant’s currently foreshadowed
defences to the claim – is a matter of substance and not simply a contrivance
arising from the form in which the plaintiff has chosen to frame this
litigation.

Does cl 29.2 of the Investment Agreement apply to disputes arising under the
Articles?

112 I now consider whether the parties’ objectively-ascertained intention is
that cl 29.2 of the Investment Agreement should apply to disputes arising from
the separate legal relationship between the parties created by the Articles.

113 As a starting point, the fact that the parties have two agreements which,
as I have found, create two separate legal relationships operating on two
separate legal planes points away from an objectively-ascertainable intention
that a dispute arising out of one agreement should be the subject of an
arbitration clause found in the other agreement. In this regard, the case of
Robotunits Pty Ltd v Mennel [2015] VSC 268 (“Robotunits”) is instructive.

114 In that case, a company commenced an action against a former director, who
was also a shareholder and employee of the company. The company alleged that
the director had caused the company to make certain payments to him without a
basis at law or in equity, and therefore in breach of his duties as a
director. The company and the director were parties to an express
shareholders’ agreement and also to an express employment agreement. The
shareholders’ agreement contained an arbitration clause while the employment
agreement did not. The director applied to stay the action on the basis of the
arbitration agreement in the shareholders’ agreement: Robotunits at [4]–[5]
and [8].

115 The court in Robotunits found that there were two matters to be determined
in the company’s litigation against the director. First, whether the
shareholders’ agreement provided a legal or equitable basis for the director
to cause the company to make the payments. Second, whether the employment
agreement provided a legal or equitable basis for the director to cause the
company to make the payments.

116 The court held that the first matter fell within the scope of the
arbitration agreement in the shareholders’ agreement, whereas the second did
not. In reaching its decision, the court noted that the arbitration agreement
did not expressly limit its scope to matters relating to the shareholders’
agreement. But a reasonable person in the position of the parties would not
have understood the arbitration agreement to extend to matters arising outside
the shareholders’ agreement. Matters arising under the employment agreement
did not therefore fall within the arbitration clause, because the employment
agreement governed “the parties’ relationship as employee and employer and
thus relates to a separate transaction altogether”: Robotunits at [28], [47]
and [56]–[58].

117 Similarly, in the case before me, as I have found, the Investment
Agreement and the Articles create two separate legal relationships between the
parties operating on two separate planes. A reasonable person in the position
of the parties would thus not have understood the arbitration agreement in the
Investment Agreement, without more, as extending to disputes arising under the
Articles.

118 The defendant argues for three reasons that the parties did manifest an
objectively-ascertainable intent that cl 29.2 should apply to disputes arising
under the Articles. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 26 October 2017 at para 23.

First, the Investment Agreement stipulates the Articles as an agreed form
document. Second, the Investment Agreement expressly provides that it is to
prevail over any conflicting or inconsistent provision in the Articles.
Finally, the Investment Agreement also expressly provides that the Articles
are a part of the parties’ “entire agreement”.

119 For the reasons that follow, I reject all three of these arguments.

Articles are not incorporated into the Investment Agreement

120 By its very words, cl 29.2 applies only to “this Agreement”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at p 80.

The words “this Agreement” in the context of the Investment Agreement refer to
the Investment Agreement alone, and do not extend to the agreed form
documents. The drafting convention used in the Investment Agreement
distinguishes between “this Agreement”, ie, the Investment Agreement, and the
agreed form documents. Thus, whenever the Investment Agreement refers to an
agreed form document, and in particular to the Articles, it does so expressly.
This can be seen, for example, in the following provisions of the Investment
Agreement:

(a) Clause 6.3 provides: 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at p 51.

[e]ach of [the majority shareholder and] the [plaintiff] … waives any rights
of pre-emption and any other restrictions on the issue of shares conferred on
it (if any) which may exist by virtue of the articles of association of the
Company (as in force as at the date of this Agreement), the Articles of
Association, this Agreement or otherwise … [emphasis added]

(b) Clause 11.4 provides: 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at p 57.

[n]otwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or the Articles of
Association, any right of action … [the defendant] … may have against (a) [the
plaintiff] … shall be prosecuted on behalf of [the defendant] solely by the
[[D]] Directors … [emphasis added]

(c) Clause 17.9.1 provides: 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at pp 66 – 67.

any Drag Shares held by a Dragged Seller on the date of such default shall
cease to confer the right to receive notice of … any general meeting of [the
defendant] … and the relevant shares shall not be counted in determining the
total number of votes which may be … required under the Articles or this
Agreement … [emphasis added]

(d) Clause 18.2 provides: 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at p 68.

… a Shareholder … may Encumber … the Ordinary Shares … which it holds in
favour of a bona fide third party financial institution (the “Lender”),
provided that at the time of creation … the Lender acknowledges … that any
such Encumbrance is subject … to the terms of this Agreement and the Articles
of Association … [emphasis added in italics]

(e) Clause 18.6 provides: 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at p 69.

[e]ach Shareholder may assign all of its rights under this Agreement … in
accordance with this Agreement and the Articles of Association … [emphasis
added]

(f) Clause 23 provides: 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at p 73.

[i]f there is any conflict or inconsistency between the provisions of this
Agreement and the Articles of Association … this Agreement shall prevail. If
requested to do so by [the plaintiff] or [the majority shareholder], [the
defendant] shall procure, and each of [the plaintiff] and [the majority
shareholder] will, severally, use their respective rights and powers to
procure (so far as they are able) that the Articles of Association … are
amended so as to accord with and give effect to the provisions of this
Agreement … [emphasis added]

121 Further, where the Investment Agreement intends to extend the scope of cl
29.2 so as to apply to a dispute under an agreed form document, it again says
so expressly. One of the agreed form documents under the Investment Agreement
is the Deed of Adherence, by which future shareholders are to accede to the
Investment Agreement. The pro forma Deed of Adherence in the Investment
Agreement incorporates cl 29.2 expressly. Clause 5 of the Deed of Adherence
states “[t]he terms of clauses 29.2 to 29.11 … of the Agreement shall apply to
the Deed as if they were incorporated in it.” 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at p 127.

No such clause is found in the Articles of Association.

122 I therefore find that the parties’ objectively-ascertained intention was
that the words “this Agreement” in cl 29.2 of the Investment Agreement should
encompass the Investment Agreement alone.

Supremacy clause

123 Next, the defendant relies on cl 23 of the Investment Agreement which
provides that the Investment Agreement is supreme and prevails over any
conflicting or inconsistent provision in the Articles: 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at page 73.

23\. Supremacy of this agreement

If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the provisions of this
Agreement and the Articles of Association … this Agreement shall prevail. If
requested to do so by [the plaintiff] or [D], [the defendant] shall procure,
and each of the [the plaintiff] … and [the majority shareholder] will,
severally, use their respective rights and powers to procure (so far as they
are able) that the Articles … are amended so as to accord with and give effect
to the provisions of this Agreement …

I shall refer to cl 23 as “the supremacy clause”.

124 The defendant submits that, by the supremacy clause, the parties
“specifically agreed that [the Articles] were to be controlled by the
Investment Agreement through clause 23”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at p 73.

I reject this argument also.

125 The supremacy clause operates on the private law plane, not on the company
law plane. Its commercial intent is two-fold. First, it creates an immediate
contractual obligation requiring the parties to adhere to their rights and
obligations under the Investment Agreement and to disregard their rights and
obligations under the Articles where those rights or obligations are in
conflict or are inconsistent. Second, it creates a longer-term contractual
obligation requiring the parties to address and resolve that conflict or
inconsistency by amending the Articles on the company law plane. Indeed, if
the effect of the supremacy clause was as the defendant submits, there would
be no need for the second half of the supremacy clause imposing the longer-
term contractual obligation. The supremacy clause would simply prevail over
the Articles on the company law plane also simply by virtue of the conflict of
inconsistency.

126 Further, the parties could not have intended a “conflict or inconsistency”
within the meaning of cl 23 to arise simply because a provision which is
present in the Investment Agreement is absent from the Articles. If that were
the case, the effect of cl 23 would be to import automatically into the
Articles all of the terms which are found in the Investment Agreement but
which are absent in the Articles, and to remove from the Articles all of the
terms found in the Articles which are absent from the Investment Agreement.
The effect would be to make the Articles identical in content to the
Investment Agreement, making the entire scheme of having the two separate
agreements run in parallel on their separate planes entirely redundant. Not
only does such an outcome serve no commercial purpose, it is also contrary to
the expressly-stated purpose of the Investment Agreement, which was to
supplement the Articles.

127 It is also arguable that, if the effect of the supremacy clause is as
argued by the defendant, then the entire Investment Agreement constitutes an
impermissible attempt to amend the Articles without complying with the
procedure in s 26 of the Companies Act and without making the amendments
manifest to the public on ACRA’s register as required by the Companies Act.

128 I therefore reject the argument that cl 23 of the Investment Agreement
operates to allow cl 29.2 of that agreement to “prevail” over the absence of
an arbitration agreement in the Articles.

Entire agreement clause

129 Finally, the defendant relies on cl 24.1 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at pp 73 – 74.

of the Investment Agreement to argue that the parties’ “entire agreement”
includes not just the Investment Agreement but also the “Transaction
Documents” (which, as defined, include the Articles) 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at page 42, cl 1.1.

and the heads of agreement. I set out cl 24 in full, including its heading, so
that cl 24.1 can be seen in context: 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at pp 73 – 74.

24\. ENTIRE AGREEMENT AND NON-RELIANCE

24.1 This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the Heads of
Agreement constitute the entire agreement and supersedes any previous
agreements between the parties relating to the subject matter of this
Agreement.

24.2 Each party acknowledges and represents that it has not relied on or been
induced to enter into this Agreement by a representation, warranty or
undertaking ...

24.3 No party is liable to another party (in equity, contract or tort
(including negligence), under the Misrepresentation Act or in any other way)
for a representation, warranty or undertaking that is not set out expressly in
this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or the Heads of Agreement.

24.4 Each party to this Agreement acknowledges and represents that it has not
relied on or been induced to enter into this Agreement, any other Transaction
Document or the Heads of Agreement by any representation, warranty or
undertaking …

24.5 Nothing in this clause 24 shall have the effect of restricting or
limiting any liability arising as a result of any fraud, wilful
misrepresentation or wilful concealment.

130 I reject this argument of the defendant also. The commercial intent of cl
24.1 is not to constitute the Investment Agreement, the Transaction Documents
(including the Articles) and the heads of agreement (which preceded the
Investment Agreement) a single monolithic “Agreement”, which then comes within
the meaning of the words “this Agreement” in cl 29.2 of the Investment
Agreement and therefore subject to the arbitration agreement there.

131 As noted in Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor and others and another
appeal [2007] 3 SLR(R) 537 (“Lee Chee Wei”) at [25]:

[e]ntire agreement clauses appear as a smorgasbord of variously worded
provisions. The effect of each clause is essentially a matter of contractual
interpretation and will necessarily depend upon its precise wording and
context. Generally, such clauses are conducive to certainty as they define and
confine the parties’ rights and obligations within the four corners of the
written document thereby precluding any attempt to qualify or supplement the
document by reference to pre-contractual representations. [emphasis added in
bold]

Taking cl 24 of the Investment Agreement as a whole, and in particular light
of its stated purpose in its heading, I am satisfied that the commercial
intent of cl 24.1 in the context of the Investment Agreement is exactly as was
stated in Lee Chee Wei – to preclude any attempt to argue reliance on pre-
contractual representations.

132 I therefore reject the argument that cl 24 of the Investment Agreement
constitutes the Articles a component of the parties’ “Agreement” within the
meaning of cl 29.2 of the Investment Agreement.

Fractured dispute resolution

133 I am cognisant that the effect of this construction of cl 29.2 means that
disputes under the Investment Agreement will be resolved by arbitration
whereas disputes under the Articles will be resolved by litigation, even
though a given dispute may engage provisions in the two contracts which are
identical in form and content. Nevertheless, I do not consider that this
result contradicts the principle established by Fiona Trust & Holding
Corporation v Privalov [2008] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 254 (“Fiona Trust”). In that case,
the House of Lords recognised that commerce favours one-stop dispute
resolution. Lord Hoffmann said at [13] that:

… the construction of an arbitration clause should start from the assumption
that the parties, as rational businessmen, are likely to have intended any
dispute arising out of the relationship into which they have entered … to be
decided by the same tribunal. The clause should be construed in accordance
with this presumption unless the language makes it clear that certain
questions were intended to be excluded from the arbitrator’s jurisdiction.
[emphasis added]

134 As the Court of Appeal said in Rals International at [34], “the rule of
construction formulated in Fiona Trust is not to be applied irrespective of
the context in which the underlying agreement was entered into or the plain
meaning of the words.” Closer to the context of this case, Austin J stated in
ACD Tridon at [177]:

… I have been urged to resist such a construction of the clauses, on the
ground that the Court should not attribute to the parties an intention to have
different parts of their dispute resolved before different tribunals … That
does not seem to me to be a compelling argument in the case of a Shareholders'
Agreement, where the contractual arrangements are superimposed on company law
rights. In any case, where the language is clear, and clearly leads to
bifurcated dispute resolution processes, there is no warrant to depart from
it.

In the case before me, for the reasons I have set out above, the objectively-
ascertained intention of the parties leads to the conclusion that cl 29.2 does
not apply to the Articles. The result I have arrived at is therefore in
accordance with the parties’ commercial intent. And in this litigation, no
practical difficulty arises from this construction because the dispute
underlying this litigation is confined to the company law plane without
implicating the Investment Agreement, whether on the plaintiff’s claim or on
the defendant’s foreshadowed defences.

Gulf Hibiscus

135 Finally, I turn to the defendant’s submissions on Gulf Hibiscus Ltd v Rex
International Holding Ltd and another [2017] SGHC 210 (“Gulf Hibiscus”). Gulf
Hibiscus involved a dispute between three shareholders. Their shareholders’
agreement contained an arbitration clause. The plaintiff commenced litigation
against the defendants, seeking relief for conspiracy, unjust enrichment and
wrongful interference. None of the defendants were parties to the
shareholders’ agreement. They applied to stay the action under the court’s
case management powers.

136 The defendant relies on the following portions of Gulf Hibiscus: 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 26 October 2017 at para 56.

83 It is true, as the Plaintiff submits, that the conspiracy claims do not
directly invoke the [shareholders’ agreement]. Nonetheless … these claims are
still likely to involve a determination of the nature of the actions taken or
omissions of various persons, including the directors and the Shareholders. In
particular, the conduct of the Shareholders in this regard is a matter
governed by the [shareholders’ agreement]. As submitted by the Defendants, the
gravamen of the complaint by the Plaintiff is the dilution of its interests in
Lime PLC and thus its say or participation in the various associated
companies. In determining that essential issue, the findings of the court … is
likely to overlap with the various findings that may be made in the
arbitration between the Plaintiff and RME in relation to the actions or
omissions of the Shareholders.

…

85 At a holistic level, it is unlikely for the connections between the
conspiracy claims here and the actions or omissions of the Shareholders as
bound by the [shareholders’ agreement] to be untangled and separated.
Furthermore, given that the risk of inconsistent findings between the arbitral
tribunal and the court is a relevant consideration in determining whether [a]
stay should be granted … another reason thus operates: there is to my mind a
significant risk that there may be inconsistent findings between the court
proceedings and arbitration …

137 The defendant acknowledges that the court in Gulf Hibiscus did not
consider s 6(1) of the IAA and instead considered only whether the litigation
should be stayed in the exercise of the court’s case-management powers.
Indeed, that is made clear at [69] of Gulf Hibiscus. To my mind, that makes
all the difference. As the court in Gulf Hibiscus noted at [59]:

… The power to order a case management stay is part of the court’s own
inherent and immediate powers to control proceedings before it. While the
existence of an arbitration agreement between the parties would give strong
grounds for a stay of court proceedings taken in contravention of that
agreement, there are already express statutory provisions conferring the power
to stay under s 6 of the [IAA] … Instead, the inherent power is invoked to
deal with situations without an express agreement between the relevant parties
to the court proceedings. Furthermore, the jurisprudential basis for the
exercise of the power to stay in the absence of an agreement is the wider need
to control and manage proceedings between the parties for a fair and efficient
administration of justice; it is not predicated on holding parties to any
agreement – the absence of such an agreement is therefore irrelevant.
[emphasis added]

138 The considerations which arise when a court is asked to grant a case-
management stay are conceptually quite different from those which arise when a
court is asked to stay litigation under s 6(1) of the IAA. A stay under s 6(1)
of the IAA is mandatory and the considerations are narrow. The court is
concerned only with whether the applicant for the stay has established a prima
facie case that the one or more of the matters in the litigation are in fact
the subject of an arbitration agreement between the parties which is not null
and void, inoperable or incapable of being performed. If they are, the stay is
mandatory. If they are not, there is no statutory basis for a stay.

139 A case-management stay, on the other hand, is entirely discretionary. The
considerations are wide. The court considers factors such as whether there
will be a duplication of the witnesses and the evidence and whether there is a
risk of inconsistent findings of fact or holdings of law between the tribunal
and the court: Gulf Hibiscus at [63]. It was with these “wider” factors in
mind that the court in Gulf Hibiscus noted that it was unlikely for the
connections between the claims and the shareholders’ agreement to be untangled
and separated.

140 Here, as noted at [35], the defendant seeks only a statutory stay under s
6(1) of the IAA, not a case management stay. Gulf Hibiscus does not assist the
defendant. It also does not assist the defendant that there appear to be
parallel arbitration proceedings touching on the 2015 Accounts. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 10 August 2017 at para 44.

Actions and omissions cannot be untangled or separated

141 The defendant alleges that the connections between the plaintiff’s claim
in this litigation and the actions or omissions of the defendant in the light
of its obligations under the Investment Agreement cannot be “untangled and
separated”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 26 October 2017 at para 57.

I do not find that to be the case. As I have shown, all of the claims and all
of the foreshadowed defences raise only company law issues, without
implicating the Investment Agreement.

142 In any event, even if the defendant’s submission were correct, it does not
mean that this litigation falls with the scope of the arbitration agreement in
the Investment Agreement. Unless it can succeed on that critical issue, the
defendant has no entitlement to a stay under s 6(1) of the IAA. I have found
against the defendant on that issue. The defendant advances no other basis for
a stay.

Conclusion

143 Clause 29.2 of the Investment Agreement on its proper construction applies
only to the legal relationship between the parties which arises out of the
Investment Agreement itself. The Articles create a separate legal relationship
between the parties which operates a separate legal plane. A dispute under the
Articles is not within the scope of cl 29.2 and are governed by recourse to
the courts in accordance with ordinary principles of company law. This dispute
arises only under the Articles. The defendant has failed to establish the only
basis on which it sought to stay this litigation. The assistant registrar
should have dismissed the application. The plaintiff’s appeal against the
assistant registrar’s decision to the contrary ought to be allowed.

Arbitrability

144 I have found that the “matter” in this litigation is not the subject of
the parties’ arbitration agreement, and therefore a statutory stay under s
6(1) of the Companies Act is not available. But it also seems to me that it
could be argued that an application to challenge the filing of documents on
ACRA’s register is not arbitrable because the outcome could affect a public
register and thereby could affect third parties who may have acted in reliance
on the accuracy of that register.

145 Before the assistant registrar, the plaintiff appears to have conceded
that the dispute underlying this litigation is arbitrable. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed 3 November 2017 at page 253, line 2.

However, on appeal before me, the plaintiff raised the issue of arbitrability
in its written submissions, albeit only obliquely: 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 26 October 2017 at para 49(c).

[The defendant] has stated that the invalidation of the accounts will have a
significant impact as they need to be provided to banks and other creditors in
order to secure funding and maintain transactions. The in rem effect on third
party rights militate against the matter falling within the ambit of
arbitration.

The plaintiff is making two points in this paragraph of its written
submissions, only one of which I am prepared to accept might be valid.

146 The first point which it makes, and the one which I reject, is that the
order which the plaintiff seeks in this litigation will operate in rem. That
is not so. If the plaintiff succeeds in this litigation, it will secure an
order invalidating the approval of the accounts which the plaintiff alleges
has taken place. But that order will operate only as between the plaintiff and
the defendant, as the parties to this litigation. It will not operate against
the whole world. It would, for example, be open to any person not a party to
this litigation – such as the majority shareholder – to proceed on the basis
that the accounts had been validly approved. So too, a creditor who had
secured a copy of the defendant’s audited accounts from ACRA’s register and
relied upon them in making a credit decision would not be bound by any
invalidation which might be ordered in this litigation.

147 The second point which the plaintiff makes, and which I accept might be a
valid consideration on the question of arbitrability, is that any order which
might be made in this litigation has the potential to affect third party
rights. I bear in mind that the plaintiff made the point on arbitrability in
its written submissions only in passing and did not pursue the point in oral
submissions with any great enthusiasm. I have therefore rested my decision on
the proper construction of s 6(1) of the IAA and cl 29.2 of the Investment
Agreement and not on arbitrability. But since the plaintiff has raised
arbitrability, is nevertheless apposite that I make a few remarks on it.

148 As the Court of Appeal in Tomolugen noted, there is a class of disputes
which is not capable of settlement by arbitration. At the core of this class
are disputes which are of a public character and disputes whose outcome will
affect the interests of persons beyond the immediate disputants. An agreement
to resolve any such dispute by arbitration is ineffective and cannot ground a
stay: Tomolugen at [71] and [74].

149 The limits of arbitrability where third party rights intrude have been
explored in cases such as Larsen Oil, Tomolugen, and Fulham Football Club
(1987) Ltd v Richards [2012] Ch 333 (“Fulham Football”).

150 Larsen Oil concerned a dispute over payments made by a company and its
subsidiaries under a management agreement, before the appointment of
liquidators. The liquidators, after appointment, commenced litigation against
the counterparty to the management agreement, seeking to avoid the payments on
the grounds that they were unfair preferences, transactions at an undervalue
or payments made with intent to defraud. The counterparty applied to stay the
litigation in favour of arbitration, relying on an arbitration clause in the
management agreement.

151 The Court of Appeal accepted that there is ordinarily a presumption of
arbitrability. Nevertheless, in the context of a company under the control of
insolvency officeholders, the court drew a distinction between a dispute
arising only upon insolvency and by reason only of the insolvency regime (an
insolvency law dispute) and a dispute arising from the insolvent company’s
pre-insolvency rights and obligations (a private law dispute).

152 The Court of Appeal held that an insolvency law dispute is not arbitrable.
Part of the purpose of the insolvency regime is to enable insolvent companies
to recover assets for the collective benefit of the company’s creditors. This
very often requires pursuing insolvency law claims against the company’s pre-
insolvency management. This aspect of the insolvency regime’s purpose could be
compromised if management were permitted to bind the company’s insolvency
officeholders to arbitrate insolvency law disputes. Further, the insolvency
regime envisages that a single insolvency law dispute could arise against
multiple persons, some of whom might be counterparties to an arbitration
agreement with the insolvent company but others of whom might not be
counterparties to any agreement with the insolvent company at all, let alone
an arbitration agreement. Having all insolvency law disputes determined under
the collective procedure set out in the insolvency regime, regardless of the
presence or scope of an arbitration agreement, prevents conflicting findings
by different adjudicators: Larsen Oil at [44]–[46].

153 On the other hand, the Court of Appeal considered that a private law
dispute is arbitrable, at least where it does not affect the substantive
rights of the creditors. Where an arbitration agreement obliges a company’s
insolvency officeholders to arbitrate a private dispute, there is usually no
good reason not to give effect to the arbitration agreement: Larsen Oil at
[51]. This is despite the fact that the arbitration agreement affects the
procedural rights of all of the insolvent company’s creditors in the following
two senses. First, the creditors collectively have the real economic interest
in the outcome of the private law dispute but can be compelled to submit to
having the dispute resolved through arbitration even though the creditors are
not parties to any arbitration agreement: Larsen Oil at [48]. Second, an
arbitration agreement can be seen as an attempt to contract out of the
specialised procedure for resolving private law disputes which is mandated by
the insolvency regime, ie, by the lodgement and adjudication of proofs of debt
(Larsen Oil at [49]). But where an arbitration agreement affects the
substantive rights of the creditors, the liquidator cannot be compelled to
arbitrate the private law dispute: Larsen Oil at [50].

154 The facts of Tomolugen have been stated at [45] above. The Court of Appeal
in Tomolugen held that the liquidation of an insolvent company is not
arbitrable because it is a process in which the public has an interest. The
interest arises because any state’s insolvency regime necessarily reflects
public policy in how to distribute amongst the company’s creditors the
inevitable loss arising from the company’s insolvency and also the point at
which the state should intervene in the affairs of the insolvent company to
mandate that distribution. The public interest in insolvency is why public
notice of an application for an insolvent winding-up must be given by way of
advertisement as required by the Companies (Winding Up) Rules (Cap 50, R 1,
2006 Rev Ed). On the other hand, litigation under s 216 of the Companies Act
does not engage the public interest. That class of litigation almost always
arises in the context of a solvent company and is concerned with the
shareholders’ private interest in protecting their commercial expectations.
That is why an application under s 216 of the Companies Act does not have to
be advertised, even if winding up is sought as relief: Tomolugen at [82]–[89].

155 Tomolugen also considered the case of Fulham Football. In that case, the
appellant (“Fulham”), was a member of the second respondent (“FAPL”). As a
member of FAPL, Fulham was required to comply with FAPL’s articles of
associations and rules, and also with the rules of the English Football
Association (“the FA rules”). Fulham presented a petition under s 994 of the
English Companies Act 2006, which is substantially similar to s 216 of the
Companies Act. Fulham alleged that the first respondent had breached the FA
rules and had thereby caused FAPL to conduct its affairs in a manner which was
unfairly prejudicial to Fulham’s interests. The first respondent applied to
stay the litigation in favour of arbitration, relying on the arbitration
clauses in FAPL’s rules and the FA rules. Fulham resisted the stay
application, arguing that a petition under s 994 of the English Companies Act
2006 was not arbitrable.

156 The English Court of Appeal rejected Fulham’s argument and found that the
dispute was arbitrable (at [77]):

[t]he determination of whether there has been unfair prejudice consisting of
the breach of an agreement or some other unconscionable behaviour is plainly
capable of being decided by an arbitrator and it is common ground that an
arbitral tribunal constituted under the FAPL or the FA rules would have the
power to grant the specific relief sought by Fulham in its section 994
petition. We are not therefore concerned with a case in which the arbitrator
is being asked to grant relief of a kind which lies outside his powers or
forms part of the exclusive jurisdiction of the court. Nor does the
determination of issues of this kind call for some kind of state intervention
in the affairs of the company which only a court can sanction. A dispute
between members of a company or between shareholders and the board about
alleged breaches of the articles of association or a shareholders’ agreement
is an essentially contractual dispute which does not necessarily engage the
rights of creditors or impinge on any statutory safeguards imposed for the
benefit of third parties. The present case is a particularly good example of
this where the only issue between the parties is whether [the first
respondent] has acted in breach of the FA and FAPL rules in relation to the
transfer of a Premier League player. [emphasis added]

157 The present case is superficially similar to Fulham Football. Both cases
concern a dispute about an alleged breach of a company’s articles of
association. But the dispute in Fulham Football was entirely contractual. As
the English Court of Appeal held, the parties’ dispute there did not “engage
the rights of creditors or impinge on statutory safeguards imposed for the
benefit of third parties”. That is not the case in the present litigation:
statutory safeguards for the benefit of third parties are impinged upon.

158 Just as the liquidation process (see [154] above) engages statutory
safeguards for the benefit of third parties, so too does a company’s
obligation to lodge documents with ACRA under the Companies Act. ACRA’s
register is the public face of a company. Thus, the register is open to
inspection by any person for any reason or for no reason subject only to
payment of the prescribed fee: s 12(2) of the Companies Act. There is an
obvious public interest in ensuring that a company fulfils its filing
obligations. Thus, a failure to file documents as required by the Companies
Act is a criminal offence: s 407(1) of the Companies Act. And any member or
creditor of a company which is in default of a filing obligation can, if the
default is not cured after 14 days’ notice, seek a court order to compel the
company and its officers to comply with that obligation: s 13(1) of the
Companies Act. There is equally a public interest in ensuring that a company,
in any document which it lodges, takes care to state accurately the
particulars required by the Companies Act. Thus, s 12B of the Companies Act
provides that a company cannot correct any particular recorded in ACRA’s
register without a Court order. The only exception is if the particular to be
corrected is a mere typographical or clerical error which is unintended and
has not caused prejudice to any person. Only in that case does the Companies
Act permit ACRA’s register to be corrected without a court order under s 12C
or s 12D of the Act.

159 A company’s obligation to lodge its accounts under the Companies Act is of
a particularly public character. The purpose of that obligation is so that
creditors and potential creditors can access the accounts to assess the
creditworthiness of the company before taking a decision to extend credit to
or withdraw credit from the company. That is why the Companies Act requires a
company’s accounts to reflect a true and fair view of its financial position
and performance and, if it is a parent company, to be consolidated to reflect
a true and fair view of the group’s financial position and performance: ss
201(2) and 201(5) of the Companies Act. That is also why the Companies Act
requires a company’s accounts to be lodged and available for public
inspection: s 197(2) of the Companies Act read with Regulations 36(1)(c) and
36(2) of the Companies (Filing of Documents) Regulations (Cap 50, Rg 7, 2005
Rev Ed).

160 I am conscious that the “matter” in this litigation, as I have found, is
whether the defendant has adopted or approved the 2015 Accounts in breach of
the Articles. Whether the 2015 Accounts reflect a true and fair view of the
defendant’s financial position and performance for the 2015 financial year is
no part of the dispute in this litigation. But if the plaintiff is correct:
(a) the public face of the defendant has disclosed inaccurate information – to
put it neutrally – to its creditors and potential creditors since August 2017;
and (b) that information will have to be expunged from the register. To my
mind, that engages the public interest in the “matter” which is at the heart
of this litigation.

161 I need say nothing further on arbitrability. As I have said, the plaintiff
raised it only obliquely in its written submissions and did not argue it with
any great enthusiasm in its oral submissions. In any event, having rested my
decision on the proper construction of s 6(1) of the IAA and cl 29.2 of the
Investment Agreement, it is not necessary for me to decide the question of
arbitrability in order to dispose of this appeal.

Conclusion

162 For the reasons above, I have allowed the plaintiff’s appeal and set aside
the assistant registrar’s stay of this litigation. I have also ordered the
Company to pay the plaintiff’s costs fixed at $18,000 including disbursements.

163 Also before me is the Company’s application for an order sealing the
court’s file in this litigation. That application is premised on a stay being
granted and the parties’ dispute being referred to arbitration. If I had
agreed with the Company’s submissions, the sealing order would have followed
virtually as a matter of course to preserve the confidentiality of the
arbitration. My decision against the Company, however, defeats the premise of
the sealing application. I have therefore dismissed the sealing application
and ordered the Company to pay the plaintiff’s costs of that application fixed
at $500 including disbursements.

164 I mentioned at the outset that the defendant’s appeal to the Court of
Appeal has been brought with my leave. When I granted that leave, the
defendant asked for an interim stay of this litigation pending the outcome of
the appeal and, in the meantime, for the court’s file in this matter to be
sealed and for these grounds of decision to be anonymised. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Certified Transcript, 21 November 2017, page 17, line 4 to page 18, line 6.

That application was not opposed by the plaintiff. It is for that reason that
these grounds are now anonymised even though I have held that this litigation
is not within the parties’ arbitration agreement.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge

Kelvin Koh, Niklas Wong, Nanthini Vijayakumar and Thara Gopalan (TSMP Law
Corporation) for the plaintiff;  
Suresh Nair and Bryan Tan (Nair & Co LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

