Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2018] SGHC 108

Originating Summons No 480 of 2018

(Summons No 1929 of 2018)

Between

Goldilocks Investment Company Limited  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Noble Group Limited  
---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Civil procedure] — [Injunctions]

[Companies] — [Members]

[Conflict of laws] — [Choice of law] — [Forum mandatory statute]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Goldilocks Investment Co Ltd

  
v

  

Noble Group Ltd

[2018] SGHC 108

High Court — Originating Summons No 480 of 2018 (Summons No 1929 of 2018)  
Aedit Abdullah J  
27, 30 April 2018

7 May 2018

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 These are my brief reasons, capturing and elaborating on my oral remarks
made at the hearing of this matter. These brief reasons are issued to assist
the parties, as well as others, in the light of the conclusions I have reached
about the operation of the Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“the SFA”). I do not address here all the arguments raised in the
submissions.

Background

2 The applicant, Goldilocks Investment Company Limited (“Goldilocks”), sought
an interim injunction against the respondent, Noble Group Limited (“Noble”),
pending the determination of the main substantive application in Originating
Summons No 480 of 2018 (“OS 480/2018”). Goldilocks is a company incorporated
in the United Arab Emirates while Noble is a Bermuda-incorporated company
listed on the Singapore Exchange. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Goldilocks’s submissions dated 27 April 2018 (“Goldilocks’s submissions”) at
paras 5-–6.

The interim injunction sought to restrain Noble from holding any shareholders’
meetings, including its annual general meeting that was scheduled for 30 April
2018 (“the AGM”), pending the final disposal of OS 480/2018.

3 In OS 480/2018, Goldilocks is applying for, inter alia, a declaration that
it is entitled to propose directors for election to the board of Noble at
general meetings of Noble, and that it is entitled to exercise all rights as a
shareholder and as a member of Noble.

4 At the time of the injunction application, Goldilocks held an 8.1% share in
Noble through an account with DBS Nominees Pte Ltd (“DBS nominee account”),
which in turn held the shares through the Central Depository Pte Ltd (“the
CDP”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Ajit Vijay Joshi dated 27 April 2018 (“Affidavit of AVJ”) at para
4; Goldilocks’s submissions at paras 5, 7.

Noble takes the view that Goldilocks is not a member of Noble as it is not
listed on Noble’s register of members. Noble therefore rejected requisitions
issued by Goldilocks qua member with respect to the AGM on the basis that
Goldilocks is not a member. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of AVJ at pp 418–419; Noble’s submissions dated 27 April 2018
(“Noble’s submissions”) at paras 14–15.

The requisitions issued by Goldilocks included one which proposed five
directors for appointment at the AGM. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Goldilocks’s submissions at para 13; Noble’s submissions at para 14.

5 At the conclusion of the hearing for the injunction application, I granted
the injunction but on modified terms.

Law

6 The criteria governing the granting of an interim injunction were not in
dispute. The legal principles to be applied in an interim injunction
application are those set out in American Cyanamid Co v Ethicon Ltd [1975] AC
396 which involve two main considerations, namely, whether there is a serious
question to be tried and whether the balance of convenience lies in favour of
the injunction being granted. No question of adequacy of damages arose in the
present case.

Decision

Serious question to be tried

7 Noble argued that there is no serious question to be tried as Goldilocks has
no real prospect of success in its main substantive application in OS
480/2018. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Noble’s submissions at paras 23–40.

According to Noble, it is clear that only individuals or entities appearing on
Noble’s register of members are members pursuant to Noble’s bye-laws and
Bermuda law. Given that Goldilocks held its shares in Noble through a DBS
nominee account, which in turn held the shares through the CDP, Goldilocks was
not on the register of members of Noble and could not act qua member.

8 Goldilocks took the position on the other hand that pursuant to s 81SJ of
the SFA, which it argued is the applicable law, it is Goldilocks and not the
CDP that is a member of Noble. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Goldilocks’s submissions at paras 33–41.

There is a serious question to be tried, viz, whether the fact that Goldilocks
holds its shares in Noble through the CDP meant that Goldilocks is not a
member and cannot exercise member rights. This issue was said to be one of
significant importance not just to Goldilocks but to other investors in
Singapore who hold their shares through the CDP. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Goldilocks’s submissions at paras 37–38, 47.

9 I was satisfied that there is a serious question to be tried in the main
substantive action in OS 480/2018, as to whether Goldilocks has the right to
lodge requisitions, to propose directors for election and to exercise other
rights as a member of Noble. In the determination of this issue, the question
of which law is the applicable law governing whether Goldilocks has rights as
a member also arises.

10 While arguments were made by Noble on Bermuda law and the bye-laws of
Noble, which it argued made it clear that Goldilocks is not a member, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Noble’s submissions at paras 25–26, 38–39.

I was of the view that the SFA could operate as a forum mandatory statute,
displacing the application of foreign law.

11 Where book-entry securities of a corporation are deposited with the
“Depository”, s 81SJ of the SFA deems those named as the depositors in the
Depository Register, rather than the Depository, as the members of the
corporation. The provision reads:

Depository not member of company and depositors deemed to be members

81SJ.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in the Companies Act (Cap. 50) or any other
written law or rule of law or in any instrument or in the constitution of a
corporation, where book-entry securities of the corporation are deposited with
the Depository or its nominee —

(a) the Depository or its nominee (as the case may be) shall be deemed not to
be a member of the corporation; and

(b) the persons named as the depositors in a Depository Register shall, for
such period as the book-entry securities are entered against their names in
the Depository Register, be deemed to be —

(i) members of the corporation in respect of the amount of book-entry
securities (relating to the stocks or shares issued by the corporation)
entered against their respective names in the Depository Register; or

(ii) holders of the amount of the book-entry securities (relating to the
debentures or any derivative instrument) entered against their respective
names in the Depository Register.

…

12 Section 81SF defines the term “Depository” as the CDP or any other
corporation approved by the Monetary Authority of Singapore as a depository
company or corporation for the purposes of the SFA. “Depository Register” is
defined as “a register maintained by the Depository in respect of book-entry
securities”. Therefore, by operation of law, those who hold accounts with the
CDP in respect of shares in corporations are the members of those
corporations, as opposed to the CDP.

13 I was of the view that the SFA could, given its regulatory nature, possibly
operate as a forum mandatory statute, as with penal, revenue, and other public
laws. Otherwise, the status and rights of a shareholder that holds its shares
in a company listed on the Singapore Exchange through the CDP would differ
depending on whether the company is incorporated in Singapore or elsewhere.
Such a position is counter-intuitive and would likely have unjust effects. The
mandatory application of the forum’s laws is recognised as an exception to
choice of law. As Prof Richard Fentiman explains in International Commercial
Litigation (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2015) at para 4.06:

The scope of the choice-of-law process is limited to the extent that certain
issues are or may be subject to the local law of the forum. The law of the
forum will apply directly as the applicable law in three circumstances: where
the issue is procedural; where local law is paramount; and where the parties
have the option to plead the law of the forum. It may also apply indirectly,
insofar as a court may by reason of public policy deny effect to a foreign law
that would otherwise apply.

For the purposes of the injunction application, I was satisfied that it may be
found that s 81SJ of the SFA is to be applied as a forum mandatory rule. The
language of the provision does not appear to be limited to situations where
Singapore law is the lex causae. In the light of this, I thus rejected Noble’s
argument that there is no serious question to be tried in OS 480/2018 and also
its related submission that the bringing of the injunction application is an
abuse of process by Goldilocks.

14 The difficulty in the present case though, as alluded to above at [4], is
that at the time of the injunction application, Goldilocks held its shares in
Noble through a DBS nominee account, which in turn held the shares through the
CDP. The term “depositor” is defined under s 81SF of the SFA as “an account
holder or a depository agent but does not include a sub‑account holder”.
Goldilocks did not therefore fall squarely within the words of s 81SJ read
with s 81SF.

15 Normally, the court would expect an applicant, particularly one that is
represented, to ensure that it meets all the necessary legal requirements for
its application. However, I accepted here that the equities of the situation
did not require immediate strict compliance with s 81SJ and that the
injunction application should not be dismissed on the basis that Goldilocks
did not fall squarely within the wording of s 81SJ. I found that it was within
Goldilocks’s rights to so register itself as the depositor in respect of its
shares in Noble in the CDP register. Following the discussion at the hearing,
I directed that Goldilocks, at least, begins the process of such registration
by 3 May 2018.

Balance of convenience

16 I was satisfied also that the balance of convenience lay in favour of the
grant of the injunction. I noted that at least some creditors of Noble may be
affected by the delay in the holding of the AGM from the grant of the
injunction, and that this may in turn affect the position of Noble, including
the timelines for its restructuring. However, I found that this did not
override the prejudice to Goldilocks resulting from the denial of its right,
as a member, to propose directors and have its nominees voted upon at Noble’s
annual general meeting, should OS 480/2018 be determined in Goldilocks’s
favour. I did not find any other factor pointing against the grant of the
injunction.

Conclusion

17 For the foregoing reasons, I found that the grant of the interim injunction
carried the lower risk of injustice, and so granted the injunction though on
modified terms, including a limitation of the scope of the injunction to the
holding of Noble’s annual general meeting, as opposed to all shareholders’
meetings.

18 At a subsequent hearing, I permitted the convening of the AGM only to allow
those turning up to be informed that it is to be adjourned, pursuant to the
order of court. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Minute Sheet dated 30 April 2018.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

Nair Suresh Sukumaran and Tan Tse Hsien Bryan

(Nair & Co LLC) for the applicant;  
Jason Chan Tai-Hui, Evangeline Oh Jialing and Rebecca Chia Su Min (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

