Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of Appeal of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGCA 69

Civil Appeal No 218 of 2017

Between

nTan Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

TT International Limited  
---  
  
… Respondent

Ex Tempore Judgment

[Companies] — [Schemes of arrangement]

[Companies] — [Receiver and manager] — [Remuneration]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
nTan Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd

  
v

  

TT International Ltd

[2018] SGCA 69

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 218 of 2017  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Steven Chong JA  
19 October 2018

19 October 2018

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal concerns the assessment of the professional fees of the
appellant, the independent financial advisor cum scheme manager of the
respondent company. We wish to state at the outset that this is a case that is
very much limited to its own facts. Nothing in this case or in these remarks
sets out any principle governing the remuneration of insolvency practitioners
in Singapore. This case concerns only the valuation of the appellant’s work in
the particular circumstances that have been presented to us.

2 The respondent, TT International Limited, faced financial difficulties
following the global financial crisis in 2008. It thus engaged the appellant,
nTan Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd, as its independent financial advisor to help
in its financial restructuring. The letters of engagement provided for the
remuneration of the appellant, including in particular a value-added fee
(“VAF”), which in broad terms was a percentage of the amount of the debt of
the respondent that would be waived, written off or extinguished pursuant to
the eventual terms of the scheme of arrangement that the respondent hoped to
be placed under through the advice and assistance of the appellant. Three of
the appellant’s personnel were subsequently appointed as scheme managers and
the scheme was in due course approved by the court.

3 However, it later turned out that at the time the scheme was voted on and
agreed to by the creditors, those creditors had not been made aware of the
contractually-agreed remuneration of the appellant, including, in particular,
the VAF. The creditors’ committee then sought relief from the court and this
culminated in the decision of this court in The Royal Bank of Scotland NV
(formerly known as ABN Amro Bank NV) and others v TT International Ltd and
another appeal [2012] 4 SLR 1182 (“the VAF Decision”). In that decision, this
court held that there had been material non-disclosure of the contractually-
agreed remuneration of the appellant to the creditors of the respondent
company. The court considered the non-disclosure so critical that in its view,
it would typically have required that the entire scheme be set aside. However,
because the scheme had been implemented for more than two years at the time of
the decision, the court concluded that it was “not practical to set it aside
without causing more harm to the [respondent] and the creditors” (at [33]). It
therefore ordered that the parties were to endeavour to agree on what would be
the proper amount of professional fees to be awarded to the appellant for its
efforts in reviving the respondent company, failing which the fees would be
assessed by a High Court judge. It is helpful to set out the material part of
the VAF Decision in full (at [34]–[35]):

34 Therefore, in light of the prevailing circumstances, we direct that the
relevant parties to this dispute (ie, the SM/nTan, the Company and the MC) are
to endeavour to reach an agreement as to what ought to be the proper amount of
professional fees awarded for nTan’s efforts in reviving the Company to date.
In the event the parties are unable to reach an agreement, we order that
nTan’s global fees (before and after the SM’s appointment) will be assessed by
a High Court judge.

35 However, should this matter proceed for assessment, the court shall have
regard to the principles stated in Re Econ Corp Ltd (No 2) ([20] supra) which
are also applicable to scheme managers (see Re Econ Corp Ltd (No 2) at [48])
in arriving at the quantum of fees reasonably due to nTan in successfully
reviving the Company … the court shall first and foremost consider the value
(in this case the benefits, from a holistic and not mathematical standpoint,
accruing to the Company and the creditors) contributed by nTan. Other factors
to be taken into consideration would include, inter alia, the nature of the
work involved, the time spent, the assistance provided by the employees
working in nTan, the scope of work and reasonable disbursements incurred. It
will be the duty of the court, should the parties fail to reach an agreement,
to ensure that nTan will be “fairly, reasonably and adequately remunerated”
(Re Econ Corp Ltd (No 2) at [74]).

4 The appellant then applied to set aside the VAF Decision and the matter came
back before us in 2015. In our judgment, we said that although there might
have been some force in the argument that the VAF Decision may have been wrong
in deciding that the court had the power to make those orders, this did not
afford us a basis for reopening the VAF Decision: see The Royal Bank of
Scotland NV (formerly known as ABN Amro Bank NV) and others v TT International
Ltd (nTan Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd and others, other parties) and another
appeal [2015] 5 SLR 1104 at [194]–[195]. This is a point of critical
importance, as we explain below, because as a result, the principles set out
in the VAF Decision (at [34]–[35]) provide the sole basis for the valuation of
the fees to be paid to the appellant, and it was pursuant to these principles
that the High Court judge in the court below (“the Judge”) carried out the
assessment. The Judge ultimately awarded the appellant a total professional
fee of $12,042,899.40, which was calculated on the basis that appellant’s
actual time costs had already included a premium over the time costs that were
reasonably incurred for the work: see nTan Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd v TT
International Limited [2017] SGHC 207 at [32].

5 Civil Appeal No 218 of 2017 is the appellant’s appeal against the Judge’s
decision.

Our decision

6 At the outset, we reiterate that the VAF Decision is a self-contained
decision and it simply does not arise for argument whether we, or any of the
parties, think it may have been correctly or wrongly decided. This court in
2015 has held that the VAF Decision, whether right or wrong, is final and
binding. In these circumstances, we cannot go behind what was said in the VAF
Decision and it becomes purely a question of valuation in accordance with the
principles set out in Re Econ Corp Ltd [2004] 2 SLR(R) 264 (“Re Econ”) that
were summarised in the VAF Decision.

7 We also take this opportunity to observe that it is irrelevant today whether
those principles are to be confined to assessing the remuneration in the case
of a liquidation, as the appellant contended, nor whether that guidance
correctly extends to scheme managers. Those are general questions which do not
arise before us because this court in the VAF Decision has held that the
principles set out in Re Econ will apply in this case.

8 In that context, the Judge noted as follows (at [32]):

32 Applying the guidance laid down by the Court of Appeal in TTI 2012 [ie, the
VAF Decision], I am not satisfied that the full amount claimed by the
Plaintiff should be granted. In particular, the contracted VAF Formula is not
shown to be fair and reasonable. Neither has sufficient evidence been adduced
to support the full claim for the time costs incurred. As only a broad brush
approach could be adopted here, the amount that is fair, adequate and
reasonable, taking into account the value contributed by the Plaintiff in the
exercise of judgment and expertise, would be the time costs claimed for the
periods of 28 October 2008 to 31 May 2011 (including the value reflected in
the Credit Note) and August 2011 to November 2012 (both these time costs would
already carry a premium over the probable actual time costs that were
reasonably incurred for the work), the outstanding disbursements as well as
the Deposit of $500,000. All in all, these sums add up to a total professional
fee of $12,042,899.40.

9 The Judge observed that he had considered the VAF formula but then decided
that it was neither fair nor reasonable to apply it to this case. It is not
entirely clear to us why he thought it necessary to examine the VAF formula at
all, because in our judgment, the effect of the VAF Decision was to exclude
the terms of the contract between the parties, including the VAF formula, as
relevant factors in assessing the appellant’s remuneration. In any event, as
the Judge considered that it was ultimately irrelevant, the fact that he
considered it did not affect his decision.

10 The rest of the Judge’s analysis was then taken with assessing the value
that the appellant had contributed to the respondent company. The appellant’s
arguments in this regard were advanced on various bases, all of which were
rejected by the Judge. Having considered the matter, we see no basis for
departing from the Judge’s broad analysis.

11 While we accept that the appellant has added some value to the respondent
company, in the present circumstances, for the reasons we have outlined, the
original contractual arrangement could not be relied on and there was, in the
final analysis, simply no other acceptable means for assessing the particular
value that could be specifically attributed to the appellant. We therefore
dismiss the appeal despite Mr Peh’s careful submissions.

Conclusion

12 For these reasons, we dismiss the appeal.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Steven Chong  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Peh Aik Hin, Jasmine Tham and Chia Su Min, Rebecca (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for
the appellant;  
Ong Pei Chin and Chong Wan Yee Monica (WongPartnership LLP) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

