Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 83

Suit No 1224 of 2014

Between

Gulf Petrochem Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Petrotec Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Tan Keng Huat, Dennis  
(3)| Tan Shuping (Chen Shuping)  
(4)| Soon Kok Khoon  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Which of two contracts applied]

[Contract] — [Formation] — [Certainty of terms] — [Guarantee]

[Contract] — [Consideration] — [Guarantee]

[Contract] — [Consideration] — [Promissory estoppel]  
[Credit and security] — [Guarantees and indemnities]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Gulf Petrochem Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Petrotec Pte Ltd and others

[2018] SGHC 83

High Court — Suit No 1224 of 2014  
Woo Bih Li J  
17–18, 23, 25 May 2016; 11–14, 18–21 July 2017; 16 October 2017

6 April 2018

Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 The present suit involves the supply of fuel oil pursuant to a contractual
agreement between the plaintiff and the 1st defendant. The nature of this
contractual arrangement is at the centre of the dispute. It was not disputed
that the 1st defendant collected fuel oil from the plaintiff’s suppliers and
delivered it to third party end-purchasers, pursuant to contracts for the sale
of fuel oil entered into between the plaintiff and the end-purchasers.
However, the question is whether the relationship between the plaintiff and
the 1st defendant was one of sale and re-purchase, or one where the 1st
defendant merely performed the delivery but at no time purchased the fuel oil?
A written contract between the plaintiff and the 1st defendant suggested the
former; but the plaintiff argued that an oral contract supporting the latter
superseded that written contract. The plaintiff also claimed that the 2nd to
4th defendants were guarantors of the debt that the 1st defendant owed.

Background

Parties

2 The plaintiff, Gulf Petrochem Pte Ltd (“Gulf”), is a Singapore-incorporated
company in the business of trading petroleum products. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) (“SOC”) at para 1.

3 Mr Chew Sung Kwang (“Gary Chew”) was Gulf’s Senior Bunker Trader and its
only employee in the bunker trading department in Singapore during his term of
employment between 1 November 2011 and 31 August 2014. Among other things,
Gary Chew’s job profile involved “[m]arketing and [b]ack to back bunker sales
in Singapore … [t]rading cargoes, [and d]eveloping ex-wharf sales in
Singapore”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Gary Chew’s AEIC at p 26.

Gary Chew’s duties and authority did not materially change during his term of
employment. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Gary Chew’s AEIC at para 11.

4 Gary Chew reported to Mr Kalrav Dixit (“Dixit”), 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Gary Chew’s AEIC at paras 19, 60; NE Day 1, p 15, lines 31–32.

who was the head of bunker trading at Gulf’s parent company.

5 Dixit in turn reported to Mr Prerit Goel (“Goel”), who had been a director
of Gulf since 3 June 2010 and was based in Gulf’s parent company in the United
Arab Emirates. At all material times, Goel was in charge of Gulf’s overall
management and business affairs. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Goel’s AEIC at para 9.

6 The 1st defendant, Petrotec Pte Ltd (“Petrotec”), was a Singapore-
incorporated company engaged in the business of dealing in marine petroleum
products and providing fuel oil delivery services. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC at para 2.

It was originally set up by the 2nd defendant, Mr Tan Keng Huat, Dennis
(“Dennis Tan”), in 2007 to provide offshore engineering services, and it
started to deal in fuel oil sometime in 2011. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 12.

7 At all material times, Dennis Tan was the sole director and sole shareholder
of Petrotec, as well as a director and a shareholder of Oasis Asia Maritime
Pte Ltd (“Oasis”), another Singapore-incorporated company. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Goel’s AEIC at para 6.

8 The 3rd defendant, Mr Tan Shuping (“Aroy Tan”), was a shareholder of Oasis
until around 3 May 2013, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 18, p 69.

and a director of Oasis until 13 March 2014. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Goel’s AEIC at para 7.

9 The 4th defendant, Mr Soon Kok Khoon (“Steven Soon”), was the secretary and
a director of Oasis until around May 2013. He was also a shareholder of Oasis
until around the same date. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at paras 18–19, p 69.

10 Oasis was incorporated by Dennis Tan, Aroy Tan, and Steven Soon in
Singapore on 3 June 2011 to deal in fuel oil and to serve as a physical
supplier of fuel oil to vessels calling within Singapore port limits. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 14.

The intention was for Oasis to apply for a Bunker Supplier Licence and a
Bunker Barge Operator Licence issued by the Maritime and Port Authority of
Singapore (“MPA”). Apparently, only licensees could carry out the sale and
supply of fuel oil to vessels within Singapore port limits. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 14.

However, around May 2013, because Oasis had still not been awarded the two
licences by MPA, Steven Soon and Aroy Tan both sold their shares in Oasis to
Dennis Tan. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at paras 18–19, p 69.

Steven Soon resigned as director on 3 May 2013, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 18, p 70.

and Aroy Tan did the same on 13 March 2014. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOC at para 4.

11 For ease of reference, the 1st to 4th defendants will be collectively
referred to as “the Defendants”. Further, for present purposes, the terms
“bunker” and “fuel oil” are used interchangeably to refer to the cargo that
was sold and/or delivered. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

See Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 7; NE Day 4, p 44, lines 19–20.

Genesis of the relationship

12 The business relationship between Gulf and Petrotec was largely built upon
the personal relationship between Gary Chew and Dennis Tan. As mentioned,
Oasis was set up in June 2011. At around the same time, Petrotec started to
deal in fuel oil. Sometime in 2011, Dennis Tan got in touch with Gary Chew to
explore the possibility of Gulf doing business with Petrotec and Oasis. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at paras 21–22.

Two contractual arrangements

13 Eventually, Gulf and Petrotec entered into a contractual arrangement
relating to the supply of fuel oil. The parties agreed that the arrangement
lasted for slightly more than two years from August 2012 to around November
2014. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 15.

However, they disagreed as to the nature of the contractual arrangement.
Petrotec claimed that the business arrangement between it and Gulf involved a
sale and re-purchase as constituted or evidenced by a written contract between
the parties. This written contract was titled “Payment Net-Off Contract
(Barging Agreement)” (“Net-Off Contract”).

14 Gulf did not dispute the existence of the Net-Off Contract or the fact that
the parties had initially entered into that contract, but Gulf denied that it
had ever been performed. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Goel’s AEIC at para 21.

Gulf claimed that the Net-Off Contract had been superseded and dealings
between the parties were instead based on an oral agreement providing for
Petrotec to receive, transport, and deliver Gulf’s fuel oil (without any
attendant sale or re-purchase between Gulf and Petrotec). This oral
arrangement was referred to at trial as the “New Business Model”.

15 I now set out the details of the two contractual arrangements at issue.

Net-Off Contract

16 It was undisputed that on 22 August 2012, Gulf and Petrotec entered into
the Net-Off Contract which came into force on the same day for the period of
one year. Gary Chew and Dennis Tan signed the Net-Off Contract on behalf of
Gulf and Petrotec respectively. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Gary Chew’s AEIC at para 13.

17 The terms of the Net-Off Contract provided for the sale, re-purchase, and
delivery of bunker fuel oil. There were two main components. First, under cl
2(ii) of the Net-Off Contract, Gulf would sell fuel oil to Petrotec on an ex-
wharf basis (under a “Sale Contract”). The term “ex-wharf basis” in this
context meant that Petrotec would directly collect the fuel oil from Gulf’s
suppliers (“the Suppliers”). Second, under cl 2(i) of the Net-Off Contract,
Gulf would re-purchase fuel oil from Petrotec on a delivered basis (under a
“Purchase Contract”). “Delivered basis” meant that it was Petrotec (and not
Gulf) that would deliver the fuel oil to downstream buyers (“the Buyers”).
Accordingly, transactions under the Net-Off Contract involved the sale and re-
purchase of fuel oil between Gulf and Petrotec. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) (“Defence”) at para 15.

18 The Net-Off Contract also provided for a payment mechanism. Pursuant to cl
3.1 of the Net-Off Contract, a running account was maintained between Gulf and
Petrotec based on the quantities and prices under the Purchase Contracts and
Sale Contracts. At the end of each calendar month, the consolidated payment
obligations accrued under the Sale Contracts for that month would be “net off”
against the consolidated payment obligations accrued under the Purchase
Contracts for the same month. Under cl 3.2 of the Net-Off Contract, depending
on which consolidated sum was greater, either Gulf or Petrotec would be
entitled to invoice the other party for the difference.

19 The Net-Off Contract itself did not provide all the terms of the business
arrangement. Petrotec gave affidavit and oral evidence as to how business
arrangements between the parties had in fact been conducted pursuant to the
Net-Off Contract. According to Dennis Tan, the business arrangements proceeded
as follows:

(a) Petrotec sourced for potential purchasers of fuel oil on a delivered
basis. On request of Petrotec, the Buyers would send their orders to Gulf for
confirmation. Thereafter, any contract for the purchase of fuel oil would be
entered into directly between the Buyers and Gulf. Apparently, this process
was called “sleeving”, where orders from Petrotec’s customers were “sleeved”
to Gulf. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 42.1.

(b) Gulf collated the Buyers’ orders until a threshold quantity was reached.
Thereafter, Gulf would email Petrotec for confirmation that Petrotec would
deliver the orders using fuel oil which Gulf would provide.

(c) If Petrotec agreed to make the deliveries, Gulf would purchase the
corresponding quantity of fuel oil from the Suppliers on an ex-wharf basis.
Gulf would then issue a “Barge Confirmation” to Petrotec containing
instructions to collect the fuel oil from the Suppliers. In response, Petrotec
would email Gulf a “Barge Loading Nomination” nominating a barge for the
collection.

(d) Barges nominated by Petrotec would then collect the fuel oil from the
Suppliers at the terminals. Simultaneously, Gulf (which had purchased the said
fuel oil from the Suppliers) would onsell the fuel oil to Petrotec pursuant to
a Sale Contract. The sale price under the Sale Contract was the purchase price
of the fuel oil between Gulf and the Suppliers with an additional uplift (“the
Uplift Charges”). The Uplift Charges were supposed to represent Gulf’s profit
in the business arrangement.

(e) Subsequently, Gulf would respond to the Buyers’ orders and enter into
contracts for the purchase of fuel oil directly with the Buyers. Invoices
would be raised by Gulf to the Buyers for the fuel oil sold. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 42.13.

Apparently, Petrotec did not have copies of these invoices. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 42.13.

Gulf would then (i) forward to Petrotec the firm orders for the purchase of
fuel oil that the Buyers had sent (“Firm Orders”); 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 42.11.

and (ii) issue Barge Confirmations to Petrotec for the latter to carry out the
deliveries. (Some of the Firm Orders annexed in Dennis Tan’s affidavit of
evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) appear to have been addressed to Tankoil Marine
Services Pte Ltd (“Tankoil”) instead of Gulf or Petrotec, 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at Exhibit DT-13.

but since neither party raised any issue or made submissions on it, I place no
weight on this).

(f) According to Petrotec, these forwarded Firm Orders constituted offers by
Gulf to purchase the stated quantity of fuel oil from Petrotec on a delivered
basis. If Petrotec agreed to the sale of fuel oil to Gulf, two things would
happen. First, Gulf would purchase from Petrotec the stated quantity of fuel
oil on a delivered basis pursuant to a Purchase Contract. The purchase price
would be the price at which Gulf had purchased the fuel oil from the Suppliers
(“the Base Price”). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defence at para 14(11).

Second, Petrotec would carry out physical deliveries of fuel oil to the Buyers
in accordance with details set out in the Firm Orders. Petrotec claimed that
it did not usually object to sale of fuel oil to Gulf pursuant to the Firm
Orders, since the Buyers were usually customers sourced by Petrotec itself for
Gulf. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defence at para 14(9); Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 42.12.

20 As mentioned (at [18] above), there was a “net off” process envisaged under
the Net-Off Contract. Pursuant to the arrangement, Gulf would send Petrotec a
monthly debit note setting out the monthly consolidated accounts and appending
a spreadsheet demonstrating the numbers and calculations that constituted the
“net off” process. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

See Gary Chew’s AEIC at pp 37–45.

The process used a “system minus”, which referred to the difference between
the price of the Firm Order (ie, the price that Gulf receives from the Buyers
for the fuel oil) and the Base Price (ie, Gulf’s purchase price for the fuel
oil from the Suppliers, which does not include the Uplift Charges). This
“system minus” was reflected in a special column of the spreadsheet attached
to Gulf’s monthly debit notes to Petrotec. Multiplying the “system minus” by
the quantity of fuel oil sold under the Firm Order, a “system minus value”
would be derived. Conceptually, this “system minus value” appears to refer to
the quantum of profit or loss that Gulf would have made if Gulf had purchased
the relevant quantity of fuel oil at the Base Price from the Suppliers, and
sold the same to the Buyers at the price of the Firm Order, without the
involvement of Petrotec. The net amount of “system minus value” across the
entire month’s consolidation of Firm Orders would give Gulf’s total monthly
profit or loss from the resale of fuel oil (“the Purchase Margin”). If there
was a profit (which would be achieved when, given a particular quantity of
fuel oil ordered under a Firm Order, the price of the Firm Order exceeded the
Base Price), credit would be given by Gulf to Petrotec; if there was a loss
(when the price of the Firm Order was lower than that of the Base Price),
Petrotec would bear the loss. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 42.15.

21 There were also various types of charges which Petrotec agreed that it had
to pay Gulf under this contractual arrangement, even though the terms of the
Net-Off Contract did not expressly mention them:

(a) First, Petrotec agreed that it had to pay Gulf the Uplift Charges of
US$3.00 per metric tonne (“MT”) of fuel oil. However, there was a dispute
regarding some of the Uplift Charges imposed at the commencement of the
parties’ contractual arrangement, as those charges were imposed and paid at
rates of more than US$3.00 per MT. I will elaborate on this later.

(b) Second, any charges imposed by the Suppliers against Gulf for mooring and
pilotage during the bunker loading operations would be charged by Gulf to
Petrotec on a back to back basis. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 42.10.

Similarly, any claim made by the Buyers against Gulf for demurrage and/or
delays would also be charged by Gulf to Petrotec on a back to back basis. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 42.17.

These charges are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Back to Back
Charges”.

22 In addition, Gulf also imposed other charges which Petrotec disputes even
though it paid them in the past. Indeed, some of the paid charges are the
subject of Petrotec’s counterclaim. I will elaborate on these later.

New Business Model

23 According to Gulf, after the Net-Off Contract was entered into but before
it was performed, Gulf and Petrotec orally entered into the New Business
Model. This New Business Model was a separate contract which governed the
parties’ relationship vis-à-vis the supply of fuel oil. The Net-Off Contract
was never performed and thus “fell away”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

SOC at para 13A.

24 Gulf explained that the New Business Model was orally requested by Gulf,
and orally agreed to by Petrotec. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SOC at para 11(c).

This new arrangement was necessary because the Net-Off Contract provided a
credit period of up to 30 days for Petrotec to make payment for its purchases
of fuel oil from Gulf. At the time it entered into the Net-Off Contract, Gulf
had intended to obtain credit insurance to protect itself from, inter alia,
any potential default by Petrotec. However, after the contract was signed,
Gulf was unable to obtain the credit insurance. Thus, Gulf “was not prepared”
to proceed with the Net-Off Contract and orally requested for the New Business
Model, which Petrotec allegedly agreed to. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

SOC at para 11.

25 According to Gulf, the flow of business under the New Business Model was as
follows: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

SOC at para 13.

(a) Petrotec arranged and negotiated the sale of fuel oil with the Buyers on
behalf of Gulf.

(b) Once the sale price and quantity were agreed upon, the Buyers would send
“Confirmations of Nomination” directly to Gulf. Gulf would in turn send “Sales
Confirmations”, which included the terms and conditions of sale, to the
Buyers.

(c) Gulf then purchased the fuel oil from the Suppliers on an ex-wharf basis,
and appointed Petrotec to receive, hold, and transport the fuel oil to the
Buyers by way of a “Barge Confirmation Purchase Side”.

(d) Once Gulf’s fuel oil was loaded onto Petrotec’s nominated barge, the
Suppliers would invoice Gulf for Gulf’s purchase of the fuel oil. Gulf would
then send to Petrotec a “Barge Confirmation Sales Side” in respect of Gulf’s
sale of fuel oil to the relevant Buyer.

(e) Pursuant to the Barge Confirmation Sales Side, Petrotec would transport
and deliver fuel oil to the Buyers. This delivery was evidenced by bunker
debit notes. Gulf would then invoice the Buyers directly for Gulf’s sale of
fuel oil to them.

26 In essence, under the New Business Model, Gulf remained the owner of the
relevant fuel oil vis-à-vis Petrotec and at no time sold fuel oil to, or
purchased fuel oil from, Petrotec. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

SOC at paras 13(h), 14.

Petrotec was appointed only to receive, hold, transport, and deliver Gulf’s
fuel oil on Gulf’s behalf. Petrotec would not be involved in the receipt or
payment of any invoices between Gulf and the Suppliers, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

SOC at para 13(ha).

or between Gulf and the Buyers. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

SOC at para 13(k).

27 The risk-profit apportionment between Gulf and Petrotec mentioned above in
relation to the Net-Off Contract (see [20] above), however, appeared to remain
largely similar under the New Business Model. This was because even under the
New Business Model, debit notes would be sent by Gulf to Petrotec on a monthly
basis at the start of each calendar month, indicating the net sum due from
Petrotec to Gulf in the preceding month. One aspect of these debit notes was
the “system minus” as described above in relation to the Net-Off Contract (see
[20] above). However, under the New Business Model, this “system minus” was
said to represent a purely financial arrangement rather than a sale and re-
purchase arrangement. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

SOC at para 20.

Using the price of the Firm Order and the Base Price, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

SOC at paras 15B, 16.

Gulf would calculate the net profit or loss from the sale of fuel oil by Gulf
to the Buyers (without intermediate sales and re-purchases from Petrotec). If
the price of the Firm Order exceeded the sum of the Base Price and other
relevant charges, Gulf would credit the surplus to Petrotec; if the converse,
Petrotec would pay Gulf the deficit. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

SOC at para 15A.

Contractual performance and debit notes

28 As mentioned, the business relationship between Gulf and Petrotec lasted
for slightly more than two years from August 2012 to November 2014. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 15.

The parties agreed that the first time a barge nominated by Petrotec was
loaded with fuel oil purchased by Gulf from the Suppliers was on 24 August
2012.

29 During the term of their business relationship, Gulf sent at least three
types of debit notes to Petrotec, two of which were implicated in the present
proceedings.

30 The first type of debit notes recorded the net monthly payments that should
be made by Petrotec to Gulf (“the Barge Settlement DNs”). At the start of each
month (save for August 2012 to December 2012 where Gulf issued one
consolidated debit note in January 2013 for these months), Gulf issued a debit
note to Petrotec indicating the net sum due from Petrotec to Gulf in the
preceding month which comprised the following four components: 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

SOC at para 20.

(a) the Purchase Margin, which represented the net profit or loss from the
sale of the fuel oil to the Buyers; 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

SOC at para 15A.

(b) the Uplift Charges, being US$3.00 per MT of fuel oil (the permissible rate
is disputed) purchased from Gulf’s Suppliers – Gulf charged this to Petrotec
as Gulf’s “operational costs of doing this business”; 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

SOC at para 19(a).

(c) interests at the rate of 6% per annum that Gulf charged Petrotec on the
Base Price from the date Gulf paid the Suppliers for the fuel oil to the date
Gulf received payment for the same from the Buyers (“the Finance Charges”); 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

SOC at para 19(b); Gary Chew’s AEIC at para 29(c).

and

(d) late payment interests that Gulf charged Petrotec at a rate of 2% per
month from the first day of the month in which Gulf issued the debit note to
the date payment was made by Petrotec (“the Late Payment Interests”). 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

SOC at para 19(c).

31 The second type of debit notes was issued by Gulf to Petrotec for the Back
to Back Charges (see [21(b)] above). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

SOC at para 23; see Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 42.17.

32 A third type of debit notes was for the “Cancellation Charges”, which refer
to the difference between the price of the Firm Orders and the purchase price
that the Buyers eventually had to pay (which was usually higher) for fuel oil
from an alternative source if their purchase from Gulf was cancelled.
Apparently, the Buyers would bill the Cancellation Charges to Gulf, which
would in turn raise a debit note to Petrotec on a back to back basis. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 46.

Guarantee

33 According to Dennis Tan, he received a phone call from Gary Chew in 2012.
Gary Chew told Dennis Tan that Gulf wanted Dennis Tan and his two partners in
Oasis, Aroy Tan and Steven Soon, to sign a document in order to kick-start the
business with Gulf. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 24.

Gary Chew also allegedly told Dennis Tan that he did not have to worry about
anything, and that Gary Chew would take care of them like how he took care of
another bunker supplier who had engaged in a similar business with Gulf. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 24.

34 After receiving Gary Chew’s call, Dennis Tan called Steven Soon to come
down to the office. That evening, Gary Chew arrived at Dennis Tan’s office and
obtained Steven Soon’s and Dennis Tan’s signatures on the document. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at paras 24–26.

Dennis Tan then dispatched the document to Aroy Tan, who signed it and
returned the document to Gulf. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 26.

35 That document turned out to be a personal guarantee (“the Guarantee”), the
validity and enforceability of which is in dispute. The 2nd, 3rd, and 4th
defendants are referred to collectively as “the Guarantors”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

SOC at para 49; Dennis Tan’s AEIC at p 61.

I will elaborate on the Guarantee and its terms later.

End of the relationship

36 On or around 5 November 2014, Gulf suspected that Petrotec was facing
financial difficulties and stopped doing business with it. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

SOC at para 30.

Apparently, the industry was in turmoil during that period as allegations of
fraud were raised against certain major marine fuel companies such as OW
Bunker and its subsidiary, Dynamic Oil Trading Pte Ltd (“DOT”). DOT had
business relations with Tankoil, a company which had some connection with
Petrotec and Dennis Tan. Investigations and claims against DOT and Tankoil led
to disruptions in Petrotec’s performance of its delivery and payment
obligations with Gulf. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at paras 101–127.

37 As at the time Gulf stopped doing business with Petrotec, there were seven
outstanding debit notes with the outstanding sum under them being
US$3,937,105.33. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

SOC at para 31(b).

Petrotec had made part payment of US$580,205.25 for one of the outstanding
debit notes as of 8 November 2014. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

SOC at para 31(a).

38 On or around 8 November 2014, Dennis Tan sent a text message to Goel
requesting for financial assistance to pay the debt. Goel suggested a meeting
to discuss the proposal, but Dennis Tan did not reply. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

SOC at para 32.

39 On 10 November 2014, Gulf’s lawyers wrote a letter of demand to Petrotec
requesting immediate payment of US$4,268,852.05 which was then due and owing,
and delivery of 15,794.86 MT of fuel oil which allegedly belonged to Gulf. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

SOC at para 34; 4DBD at pp 422–423.

On the same day, Gulf’s lawyers also wrote to each of the Guarantors to demand
payment of US$4,268,852.05, and delivery of the “inventory quantity” of
15,794.86 MT of fuel oil valued at US$8,408,463.31. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

4DBD at pp 420–421.

40 According to Gulf, the amount of US$4,268,852.05 stated in the letters of
demand included (a) the outstanding debt owed by Petrotec as at the date of
the letters, and (b) the debt under a Barge Settlement DN for November 2014
which had not yet been issued by Gulf at the time of the letters. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

SOC at para 34.

That Barge Settlement DN was subsequently issued on 1 December 2014 for a sum
of US$303,684.86. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

SOC at para 39(b); Goel’s AEIC at p 253.

The amount stated in the letters of demand may not have been accurate as it
appears to have mistakenly estimated the amount that would have been stated in
this Barge Settlement DN as US$331,746.72. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

4DBD at pp 420–423.

However, nothing in the present case turned on this discrepancy. In any event,
neither Petrotec nor the Guarantors complied with the letters of demand. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

SOC at paras 54–57; 4DBD at pp 420–423.

41 On 11 November and 1 December 2014, Gulf issued a debit note for the Back
to Back Charges and the above-mentioned Barge Settlement DN for November 2014
(see [40] above) respectively. There were therefore a total of nine
outstanding debit notes, for a total face value of US$4,833,589.19. Given the
part payment of US$580,205.25 made as of 8 November 2014 (see [37] above), the
outstanding sum purportedly owed by Petrotec to Gulf was US$4,253,383.94.

Claims and counterclaims

42 The present suit was commenced on 18 November 2014. Gulf’s claim comprised
three main parts: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

SOC at p 32.

(a) claim against Petrotec for delivery up of 15,309.248 MT of fuel oil (“the
Surplus Oil”) which Petrotec had allegedly received and held on behalf of
Gulf, or alternatively payment of US$8,123,896.43 being the approximate value
and/or price of the Surplus Oil, or further and/or alternatively damages for
conversion or detinue in respect of the Surplus Oil;

(b) claim against Petrotec for the outstanding sum of US$4,253,383.94 due
under debit notes issued between August and December 2014; and

(c) claim against the Guarantors under the Guarantee for similar reliefs as
were sought against Petrotec.

43 Petrotec counterclaimed the return of the following sums which were
allegedly paid by mistake and/or led to the unjust enrichment of Gulf: 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Defence at para 67A.

(a) US$15,963.42 being the excess Uplift Charges levied by Gulf on Petrotec
above the rate of US$3.00 per MT of fuel oil; 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Defence at para 65.

(b) US$2,734,809.13 “being part of” the Finance Charges paid by Petrotec to
Gulf from December 2012 to June 2014; 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Defence at paras 32, 66.

and

(c) US$1,102,560.49 being the Late Payment Interests paid by Petrotec to Gulf
from February 2013 to June 2014. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Defence at paras 32, 67.

For present purposes, there is no material distinction between each kind of
payment and I collectively address them as “the Payments”.

44 There was also an alternative counterclaim for damages to be assessed in
respect of the Payments.

45 Petrotec also sought a declaration that the Guarantee was void and/or
unenforceable against the Guarantors.

Issues

46 Based on the parties’ positions, the following issues arise for
determination: 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Plaintiff’s and Defendants’ Lead Counsel Statements both dated 4 May 2017.

(a) whether the business between Gulf and Petrotec was carried out based on
the Net-Off Contract or the New Business Model;

(b) given the answer to issue (a):

(i) whether Gulf is entitled to the Surplus Oil; and

(ii) whether Gulf is entitled to the sums due under the outstanding debit
notes;

(c) in relation to the excess Uplift Charges, the Finance Charges, and the
Late Payment Interests that Petrotec paid to Gulf, whether Petrotec is
entitled to recover them from Gulf under the counterclaim; and

(d) whether Gulf is entitled to enforce the Guarantee against the Guarantors.

Whether the Net-Off Contract or the New Business Model applied

47 The first issue is whether the Net-Off Contract or the New Business Model
was applicable in relation to the parties’ contractual arrangement between
August 2012 and November 2014. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 15.

Gulf’s arguments

48 Gulf’s case was that notwithstanding the written Net-Off Contract, Gulf and
Petrotec had orally agreed to “change to” the New Business Model shortly after
22 August 2012, before the Net-Off Contract was ever performed. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) (“Reply”) at paras 5, 10.

Thereafter, Gulf and Petrotec conducted all the business between them based on
the New Business Model. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Reply at para 6.

49 According to Gulf, the documentation and the conduct of the parties
demonstrated that the New Business Model applied. In particular, Gulf made the
following arguments: 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 54.

(a) There was no running account (or spreadsheet) maintained between the
parties that was pursuant to the Net-Off Contract. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 55, 69.

Rather, the account kept by Gulf was based on the New Business Model. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Reply at para 7.

(b) The fuel oil could not have been sold and re-purchased between Gulf and
Petrotec because no invoices had been issued by either party for the alleged
transactions. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 58, 61, 62.

(c) The Barge Confirmations provided that Petrotec would be responsible for
the fuel oil and did not evidence sale and re-purchase transactions. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 59.

(d) Gulf had taken out insurance on the fuel oil loaded on Petrotec’s
nominated barges, and was the named beneficiary of the policy, even though
Petrotec paid the premium on the policies. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 60.

50 In response to the arguments by Petrotec (see [52]–[54] below), Gulf argued
that the change from the Net-Off Contract to the New Business Model was valid
because:

(a) it was supported by consideration as it was for mutual benefit; 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Reply at para 13.

and

(b) since the New Business Model was a new and separate contract, there was no
need to comply with cl 6.2 of the Net-Off Contract (see [54(b)] below), 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Reply at para 15A.

and in any event, Petrotec was estopped from demanding such compliance, or had
waived its right to insist on such compliance, as it had continued to make
payments to Gulf without dispute as to any of the charges or interests imposed
in the debit notes. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Reply at para 14.

51 Accordingly, pursuant to the New Business Model, there was no sale or re-
purchase of fuel oil between Gulf and Petrotec at any time. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

SOC at para 14; Reply at paras 8–9.

Rather, Gulf was the owner of the fuel oil from the time it purchased the fuel
oil from the Suppliers to the time the fuel oil was sold to the Buyers.
Petrotec merely received, transported and delivered Gulf’s fuel oil. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Reply at paras 8–9.

Petrotec would also bear the Purchase Margin, the Uplift Charges, the Finance
Charges, and the Late Payment Interests under the New Business Model.

Petrotec’s arguments

52 Petrotec’s case was that all of its transactions with Gulf were pursuant to
the Net-Off Contract. Petrotec denied entering into any agreement based on the
New Business Model, whether in writing or orally. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Defence at para 15.

As such, business arrangements involving fuel oil between Gulf and Petrotec
should be characterised as sale and re-purchase transactions in accordance
with the Net-Off Contract. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Defence at para 9.

Petrotec denied being appointed merely to receive, hold and transport Gulf’s
fuel oil at Gulf’s instructions. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Defence at para 13.

53 In this regard, Petrotec made the following arguments:

(a) There was no discussion between the parties on any change in the
contractual arrangements immediately after the Net-Off Contract was entered
into. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 37.

(b) The imposition of the Back to Back Charges evidenced that the business
arrangements between Gulf and Petrotec were sale and re-purchase transactions.
92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Defence at para 14(6).

(c) A draft “Bunker Trading Contract” prepared by Gulf in relation to its
business with Tankoil, which was a related company of Petrotec, 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

ACB at pp 179–196.

suggested that the contractual arrangement between Gulf and Petrotec had until
then been governed by the Net-Off Contract. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 65–67.

(d) Letters of demand sent by Gulf’s own external lawyers to Petrotec and the
Guarantors stated that the applicable contractual arrangement was the Net-Off
Contract.

(e) An affidavit affirmed by Mr Dwivedi Vivek Kumar (“Dwivedi”), the Senior
Vice President of Gulf, on 17 November 2014 and filed in an earlier
application by Gulf for an injunction against Petrotec stated that the Net-Off
Contract applied. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE Day 1, p 52, line 23; NE Day 2, p 50, lines 13–15; see Exhibit D1.

(f) In online chats between Gary Chew and Dennis Tan during the course of the
business relationship, Gary Chew had used terms such as “price”, “selling”,
and “buying”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at paras 29.1–29.2.

(g) The structure of the transactions under the Net-Off Contract was in
accordance with market practice in Singapore. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 38.

54 Even if Gulf and Petrotec had orally agreed to the New Business Model, it
was not enforceable because:

(a) there was a failure of consideration; 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Defence at para 16.

and/or

(b) the change to the New Business Model was not made in accordance with cl
6.2 of the Net-Off Contract which provided that it “shall not be altered,
changed, supplemented or amended except by written instrument signed by all
the Parties hereto”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Defence at para 17.

Analysis

55 In the subsequent analysis, I will deal with the parties’ arguments in the
following clusters:

(a) circumstances leading to the purported change in arrangement;

(b) documentary evidence of the business arrangement between the parties, such
as the Barge Confirmations and invoices;

(c) other documents referencing the contractual arrangement;

(d) contemporaneous communications between representatives of Gulf and
Petrotec;

(e) the substance of the arrangement; and

(f) other factors such as the MPA licensing regime.

Circumstances leading to the purported change in arrangement

56 The first factor I examine is Gulf’s explanation for the circumstances
leading to the purported change in contractual arrangement from the Net-Off
Contract to the New Business Model.

57 As mentioned above (see [24] above), Gulf claimed that the New Business
Model was necessary because, after the Net-Off Contract had been entered into,
Gulf was unable to obtain credit insurance to protect itself from potential
defaults by Petrotec under the Net-Off Contract and was therefore “not
prepared” to proceed with that contractual arrangement. It thus orally
requested for the New Business Model, which Petrotec allegedly agreed to. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

SOC at para 11.

58 According to Gulf, the New Business Model was entered into between 22 and
24 August 2012 pursuant to discussions between Goel, Dixit and Gary Chew who
represented Gulf, and Dennis Tan who represented Petrotec. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

SDB at p 125, para 1.

In his AEIC and initially during his oral testimony in court, Gary Chew
maintained that he had attended these discussions regarding the change from
the Net-Off Contract to the New Business Model with Goel and Dixit. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Gary Chew’s AEIC at para 16; NE Day 3, p 81, lines 12–14.

59 However, this was not consistent with the oral evidence of Goel, who also
testified as a witness for Gulf. Goel’s initial position in his AEIC was
consistent with Gary Chew’s evidence – that discussions leading to the New
Business Model were conducted between him, Dixit, Gary Chew and Dennis Tan.
103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Goel’s AEIC at para 17.

However, Goel took a contradictory position in court. He first stated that
Dixit and Gary Chew had been the persons who discussed the New Business Model
with Petrotec, whereas Goel’s own involvement had merely been an internal one
within Gulf. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE Day 1, p 43, lines 11–12.

He then wavered and testified that he “[did] not know if [Dixit] was also
present” at the particular meeting with Petrotec when the New Business Model
was discussed. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE Day 1, p 43, lines 23–27; NE Day 1, p 44, lines 4–6.

Subsequently, Goel asserted that when the New Business Model was agreed to,
Dixit “would have been there”, 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NE Day 1, p 44, lines 14–16.

because “Gary himself was not authorised to take decisions of this nature
alone”. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE Day 1, p 44, lines 21–25.

Yet again, Goel later reversed and claimed that he was not sure if Dixit was
present but claimed that Dixit “was aware of what was happening”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NE Day 1, p 45, lines 14–16.

60 I note that insofar as Goel’s initial evidence was that he had participated
in internal discussions with Dixit and/or Gary Chew on the New Business Model,
there was no evidence supporting these discussions, whether in the form of
phone records, attendance notes, or any other contemporaneous record. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NE Day 1, p 46.

As for Goel’s new position that he had not been present at the purported
discussions between Gulf and Petrotec regarding the New Business Model, that
meant that he did not have personal knowledge of what had transpired. This
placed increased importance on the evidence of Gary Chew and Dixit. Yet,
despite the significance of Dixit’s evidence on this issue, Gulf did not call
Dixit as a witness. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 22.2.1.

No reason was provided as to why this was so.

61 In any event, Gary Chew’s own evidence on this point was unreliable. When
first asked in cross-examination, “So you meant that [Dixit] and [Goel] were
present at the discussions where the [N]ew [B]usiness [M]odel was then agreed
upon?”, Gary Chew replied unreservedly, “Yes, of course”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE Day 3, p 81, lines 12–14.

Gary Chew was then confronted with the contradictory evidence of Goel (who had
earlier testified in court) that Goel had not been present at these
discussions. Gary Chew responded, “I think maybe [Goel] was saying … that the
initial part of it, he was --- he --- he didn’t come of course”, and that
Dixit “came initially without [Goel]”. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE Day 3, p 81, lines 17–19, 31.

62 In contrast, Dennis Tan’s evidence was consistently that there had been no
discussion about the New Business Model between 22 and 24 August 2012.
According to him, Gary Chew had been his sole contact person for Gulf until
sometime in 2013 when he met other representatives of Gulf. Even after that,
Gary Chew remained the primary contact point from Gulf. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE Day 5, p 25, lines 30–31.

Dennis Tan only stopped dealing with Gary Chew sometime in or about July 2014,
soon after which Gary Chew left Gulf’s employment and another person took
charge of Gulf’s dealings with Petrotec. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 33.

Goel and Dixit therefore did not enter the picture vis-à-vis Petrotec until
much later after performance commenced under the Net-Off Contract.

63 While there may not have been direct objective evidence proving or
disproving the alleged discussions between Gulf and Petrotec that led to the
New Business Model, the burden is on Gulf to prove the departure from a
written document as alleged. In the circumstances, I am not persuaded that the
alleged discussions leading up to the New Business Model had in fact occurred.

Documentary evidence of the business arrangement

64 The second factor I examine is the objective documentary evidence of the
business arrangement involving fuel oil between Gulf and Petrotec.

(1) Barge Confirmations

65 At the outset, I note that although Gary Chew mentioned the importance of
documenting transactions in “black and white” and that he had made it a point
to keep formal documentation between Gulf and Petrotec, 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NE Day 3, pp 82–83; NE Day 4, p 39, lines 26–27.

there was no contemporaneous document between him and Dennis Tan to show that
the Net-Off Contract had been replaced by the New Business Model. Indeed,
there was no evidence adduced showing the formal termination or amendment of
the Net-Off Contract. Nevertheless, in cross-examination, Gary Chew claimed
that the Barge Confirmations constituted “very clear” evidence that the Net-
Off Contract was no longer operative and that the New Business Model applied
to the business arrangement involving fuel oil between Gulf and Petrotec. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NE Day 3, pp 82–83; NE Day 4, p 39, lines 26–27.

66 The Barge Confirmations had a generally standardised template. The chapeau
of the documents read:

We hereby appoint your company as barge transporter for the deal stated below

67 The Barge Confirmations then go on to state information including the
seller, buyer, port/terminal, location, description of the goods, quantity and
unit price, trade terms, and payment terms.

68 Under the row labelled as “Remarks”, the documents stated:

Barge operator or company is responsible for the final quantity of fuel
delivered to the ship and they are responsible for oil lost, stolen, spilling
or any such kind of misappropriated handling.

69 In my view, when taken in their proper context, the Barge Confirmations
(which use the header “Barging Confirmation”) are neutral as to the nature of
the relationship between Gulf and Petrotec. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at pp 562–563.

70 First, the phrase “appoint your company as barge transporter” merely meant
that the Barge Confirmations were instructions given by Gulf to Petrotec to
receive and/or lift certain lots of fuel oil from the Suppliers (see [19(c)]
and [25(c)] above), or for Petrotec to deliver certain lots of fuel oil to the
Buyers (see [19(e)] and [25(d)] above). In this context, the documents related
to an aspect of the business arrangement that was undisputed and common
between the Net-Off Contract and the New Business Model, ie, Petrotec acted as
a transporter for the fuel oil. However, they do not address the real issue in
dispute, ie, whether Petrotec, in addition to acting as the transporter, also
took title to the fuel oil from Gulf at some point on a sale and re-purchase
basis.

71 Second, for the same reason, the fact that in certain Barge Confirmations
the “Buyer” was stated as Gulf rather than Petrotec, or that the “Seller” was
also stated as Gulf, does not add much to the question of whether there had
been sale and re-purchase transactions between Gulf and Petrotec. Regardless
of whether the Net-Off Contract or the New Business Model applied, it was
undisputed that the buyer from the Suppliers and the seller to the Buyers
would both have been Gulf.

72 Third, the fact that Petrotec was held responsible for the final quantity
of fuel oil delivered to the Buyers, and for lost, stolen or spilt fuel oil is
neither here nor there. Indeed, as Gary Chew acknowledged in cross-
examination, Petrotec would have been responsible for the final quantity of
oil delivered to the Buyers regardless of whether the Net-Off Contract or the
New Business Model applied, since it served as the transporter of fuel oil in
either situation. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE Day 4, pp 74–75.

73 In the circumstances, I am of the view that the Barge Confirmations are of
no probative value for present purposes.

(2) Running account

74 Further, Gulf submitted that the running account it maintained between the
parties had been based on the New Business Model rather than the Net-Off
Contract. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Reply at para 7; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 55, 69.

This running account involved a netting off of the aggregate monthly accounts
between Gulf and Petrotec, and the calculation of a “system minus”. I have
explained these in detail above (see [20] and [27] above).

75 In my view, the running account is neutral, as the account could exist in
the same form regardless of whether the Net-Off Contract or the New Business
Model applied. Under the New Business Model, the running account would
represent a financial arrangement between the parties apportioning the risk of
fluctuation in sale and purchase prices. Under the Net-Off Contract, the
running account tabulated debts owed to and by each party as a result of the
sale and re-purchase of fuel oil. Either situation, however, would involve the
same “net off” process and the same calculation of the system minus. Nothing
can therefore be inferred from the running account.

(3) Invoices

76 Gulf further argued that the Net-Off Contract could not have applied as
there had been no invoices to evidence the alleged sale and re-purchase
transactions between Gulf and Petrotec. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NE Day 6, pp 8–10.

Under cross-examination, Dennis Tan suggested that it was because Gulf did not
want to do the “paperwork”, 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NE Day 6, p 73, lines 9–10.

and that it would have been odd for Petrotec to raise certain invoices to Gulf
given that Petrotec was the one that owed moneys to Gulf. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NE Day 6, p 10, lines 24–28.

Further, given the significant number of deliveries, it would have been
administratively impracticable to issue an invoice for each transaction. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NE Day 5, p 16, lines 1–2.

Ms Wong Mun Wai (“Wong”), Oasis’s Administrative and Accounts Manager who
provided management services to Petrotec, also gave evidence that there was no
need for an invoice to be issued for each and every transaction given that
there would be a consolidated billing as per the Barge Settlement DN at the
end of each month. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NE Day 7, p 26, lines 3–11.

I accept the explanations of Dennis Tan and Wong, and I add two points. First,
the non-issuance of invoices is explicable on the basis that the business
arrangement involving fuel oil between Gulf and Petrotec was purely internal
whereas to the rest of the world, Gulf was the buyer from the Suppliers and
the seller to the Buyers. Second, there were invoices between Petrotec and
Tankoil for the alleged sale and purchase of fuel oil between those parties.
125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at paras 60–61.

These invoices suggested that Petrotec had bought the fuel oil from Gulf and
then onsold it to Tankoil. In any event, the absence of invoices between Gulf
and Petrotec does not mean that the business arrangement between them could
not have been that of sale and re-purchase.

77 For the foregoing reasons, I am of the view that the above-mentioned
documents evidencing the business arrangement between the parties are
equivocal as to which of the two contractual arrangements applied.

Other documents referencing the arrangement

78 I turn now to the documentary evidence that, while not strictly speaking
directly related to the business arrangement between Gulf and Petrotec,
nevertheless makes reference to and sheds light on its nature and the question
of which contractual arrangement applied.

(1) Draft Tankoil Contract

79 In October 2014, Gulf contemplated entering into a business relationship
with Tankoil for Tankoil to take over certain business arrangements that Gulf
had with Petrotec. Accordingly, Gulf prepared a draft contract (“Draft Tankoil
Contract”), which was intended to replace the then-existing business
arrangement between Gulf and Petrotec. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NE Day 2, p 20, lines 6–10.

The Draft Tankoil Contract was prepared by Gulf and sent by Ms Nidhi Bhatia
(“Bhatia”) on behalf of Gulf to Dennis Tan by way of an email dated 28 October
2014. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

ACB at pp 178–196.

80 The terms of the Draft Tankoil Contract are notable:

(a) Recital (b) confirmed that Gulf “desire[d] to wind down the business with
[Petrotec] and do more business of buying and selling oil for bunkering with
[Tankoil]”.

(b) Clause 2.1 stated that “[Gulf] and [Petrotec] are currently doing business
pursuant to a Payment Net-Off Agreement dated 22 August 2012” [emphasis
added].

(c) Clause 4.1 stated that “[f]rom the Effective Date [of the Draft Tankoil
Contract], [Tankoil] and [Gulf] shall sell and purchase oil for bunkering”
pursuant to several sub-clauses, in which sale and purchase contracts between
Gulf and Tankoil are referenced. In cl 1.1, “Sale Contract” and “Purchase
Contract” are defined as “written and signed order[s] for the sale or purchase
of oil from [Tankoil] or [Gulf] (as the case may be) which incorporate[] the
terms and conditions contained” in the Draft Tankoil Contract.

(d) Clause 4.3 stated that “[t]itle to the Oil sold to [Tankoil] pursuant to
this [Draft Tankoil] Contract shall pass when the Sale Contract is entered
into [accordingly]”.

(e) Clause 4.4 stated that “[t]itle to the oil sold to [Gulf] pursuant to this
[Draft Tankoil] Contract shall pass when the Purchase Contract is entered into
[accordingly]”.

81 Clause 2.1 of the Draft Tankoil Contract clearly stated that the applicable
contractual arrangement between Gulf and Petrotec (as of October 2014) was the
Net-Off Contract.

82 When Goel was confronted with this clause in cross-examination, he
explained that the Draft Tankoil Contract was only a draft, 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NE Day 2, p 18, lines 5–9.

and that “[h]ad it been signed, we would have corrected it”. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NE Day 2, p 47, line 1.

Gulf’s closing submissions also stressed that cl 2.1 was a “mistake”. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 65.

83 I do not accept either reason as a sufficient explanation for what cl 2.1
clearly stated. First, cl 2.1 was not one of the standard form provisions, and
some attention must have been paid to its drafting. Indeed, it was undisputed
that the Draft Tankoil Contract was prepared by Gulf. If it was true that the
Net-Off Contract had been superseded immediately after it was entered into
(see [48] above), and that the parties had thereafter proceeded on the basis
of the New Business Model for around two years, it was unlikely that Gulf
would have overlooked such an apparent error. This remained the case even
though Gary Chew had left Gulf by the time the Draft Tankoil Contract was
prepared. Furthermore, Goel’s evidence was that the draft was “prepared by our
legal counsel, Ms Divya Thota, in discussion with Mr Thomas Tan”. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NE Day 2, p 17, lines 23–24.

Mr Thomas Tan was from the firm of external solicitors advising Gulf then, and
was also Gulf’s counsel at trial.

84 Second, despite Goel’s attempts to distance himself from the drafting of
the Draft Tankoil Contract, 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

NE Day 2, p 47, lines 8–11.

he subsequently conceded under cross-examination that he had been copied in
Bhatia’s email to Dennis Tan which attached the Draft Tankoil Contract. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

NE Day 2, p 48, line 5.

Notably, Goel would have been aware that the New Business Model had been
entered into because of Gulf’s alleged failure to get credit insurance for the
Net-Off Contract (assuming this was true). Further, the email attaching the
Draft Tankoil Contract was also copied to several of Gulf’s key employees,
including Dwivedi, Ms Divya Thota (“Thota”), Mr Avik Ghosh (“Avik”), and Mr
Kannan Sampath. In the circumstances, I do not believe that if cl 2.1 was
incorrect in citing the Net-Off Contract as the applicable contractual
arrangement which the Draft Tankoil Contract was intended to replicate, no one
from Gulf had noticed the error.

85 Third, apart from cl 2.1, other clauses of the Draft Tankoil Contract (see
[80] above) also clearly envisaged a sale and re-purchase arrangement between
Gulf and Tankoil. As mentioned, the Draft Tankoil Contract was structured to
mirror the existing contractual arrangement between Gulf and Petrotec.
Therefore, if the New Business Model had indeed been applicable as between
Gulf and Petrotec, it would have been obvious to any employee or lawyer
(whether internal or external) from Gulf who was involved in the drafting of
the Draft Tankoil Contract that its whole premise was erroneous. Yet, there
was no suggestion of anyone from Gulf raising any query or concern.

86 In its closing submissions, Gulf sought to stress cll 2.2 and 3.2 of the
Draft Tankoil Contract which respectively stated as follows:

(a) “As at ____ 2014, [Petrotec] owes [Gulf] ____ in stock and $____ as
balance in account (the “Outstanding Accounts”) …”

(b) “… [Tankoil] assumes the Outstanding Accounts of [Petrotec] and is holding
____ MT of oil for [Gulf] and owes the sum of $____ to [Gulf].”

87 Gulf submitted that if Gulf and Petrotec had transacted on a sale and re-
purchase basis, Petrotec would not have owed any “stock” to or held any oil
for Gulf. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 65–67.

I am not persuaded. First, insofar as the values had not been filled out, it
is not clear that Petrotec held any oil on behalf of Gulf. Second, the Draft
Tankoil Contract was a draft sent by Gulf to Petrotec, and it cannot be
assumed that Petrotec would have accepted these clauses as a correct and true
reflection of the state of affairs in October 2014. Gulf did not raise these
provisions with Dennis Tan in cross-examination.

88 For the foregoing reasons, I am of the view that the Draft Tankoil Contract
was a probative piece of evidence in favour of Petrotec’s case that the Net-
Off Contract applied. I will say more about the question of Petrotec holding
oil for Gulf when I come to the issue about Petrotec’s confirmation to Gulf’s
auditors (see [106]-[109] below).

(2) Letters of demand

89 I turn now to Gulf’s letter of demand to Petrotec dated 10 November 2014.
135

##### Foot Note 135

×

4DBD at pp 422–423.

This letter of demand was drafted by Mr Thomas Tan and addressed to Petrotec.
Paragraph 2 of the letter stated:

By a Payment Net-Off Contract (Barging Agreement) dated 22 August 2012, our
client agreed among others to purchase oil from you on delivered basis, and to
sell oil to you on ex-wharf basis.

90 Paragraph 3 of the letter then stated:

Pursuant to said Contract, our client purchased from and sold oil to you on
various dates and in various quantities as agreed.

91 Another letter of demand was sent by Gulf (under the hand of Mr Thomas Tan)
to the Guarantors on 10 November 2014. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

4DBD at pp 420–421.

Paragraph 3 of this letter contained the same references to the Net-Off
Contract: “We are instructed that pursuant to a Payment Net-Off Contract
(Barging Agreement) made on 22 August 2012…” The preceding paragraph 2 also
asserted that under the Guarantee the Guarantors “personally guaranteed our
client for any sale of ex-wharf oil to you” [emphasis added].

92 In my view, the references to the Net-Off Contract in the letters of demand
could not have been inadvertent. By the time the letters were sent, the
relationship between Gulf and Petrotec had soured. Litigation was
contemplated, and Gulf would have been more careful when instructing external
solicitors to send these letters. Further, the reference to the Net-Off
Contract in paragraph 2 of the letter of demand to Petrotec was accompanied by
an explanation of the mechanics of the Net-Off Contract: “our client agreed
among others to purchase oil from you on delivered basis, and to sell oil to
you on ex-wharf basis.”

93 Notably, as we discussed earlier (see [65] above), one of Gulf’s
submissions was that the Barge Confirmations sent by Gulf to Petrotec were
objective evidence that the New Business Model applied. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 59.

Goel further testified in court that the New Business Model must have been
operative because Gulf’s accounting ledger (which Goel stressed was audited by
a reputable auditor in Singapore) did not record any sale or re-purchase
transactions with Petrotec. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NE Day 2, p 62, lines 20–31.

If those submissions were valid, then it should have been all the more clear,
at least to Gulf, that the Net-Off Contract had been superseded by the New
Business Model. Yet, Gulf made the “mistake” of referring to the allegedly
superseded Net-Off Contract in the Draft Tankoil Contract and reiterated that
in the letters of demand.

(3) Dwivedi’s affidavit

94 I now address the affidavit of Dwivedi affirmed on 17 November 2014 and
filed in support of Summons No 5741 of 2014 (“SUM 5741”). 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NE Day 1, p 52, line 23; NE Day 2, p 50, lines 13–15; see Exhibit D1.

95 According to Goel, SUM 5741 was filed by Gulf in November 2014, when
Petrotec and its affiliated companies were purportedly facing financial
difficulties, with the aim of seeking an injunction against Petrotec in order
to “take back the oil that was basically outstanding to be delivered to our
customers”. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NE Day 1, p 54, lines 2–6.

SUM 5741 sought to restrain the disposal of certain fuel oil by Petrotec, and
also sought an injunction prohibiting the Defendants from disposing their
assets. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

NE Day 1, p 54, lines 12–16.

96 Dwivedi was the Senior Vice President, Regional Head (Asia Pacific) of
Gulf. Goel explained that Dwivedi had joined Gulf around the end of 2013, and
was based in Singapore. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NE Day 1, p 57, lines 30–31.

According to Goel, Dwivedi had two roles. First, he was the head of Gulf’s
Singapore office, including its administration work, 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

NE Day 2, p 68, lines 4–9.

and therefore was also the head of all of Gulf’s businesses in the Asia
Pacific region. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

NE Day 1, p 54, lines 21–26.

Second, he was responsible for Gulf’s global bitumen business. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NE Day 1, p 54, lines 21–26.

97 Several paragraphs in Dwivedi’s affidavit are salient:

(a) Paragraph 11 stated that there was a “Payment Net-Off Contract (Barging
Agreement)” dated 22 August 2012 under which Gulf agreed to sell fuel oil to
Petrotec on an ex-wharf basis and buy fuel oil from Petrotec on a delivered
basis. Dwivedi then exhibited a copy of the Net-Off Contract.

(b) Paragraph 16 recorded that at the beginning of every month, Gulf would
issue a debit note to Petrotec recording the Purchase Margin (see [30(a)]
above).

(c) Paragraph 17 further stated that “[n]otwithstanding that Clause 3.1 of the
[Net-Off Contract] stipulates the [Net-Off Contract] shall remain in force for
one year… until 22 August 2013, [Gulf] and [Petrotec] continued to perform the
[Net-Off Contract] after 22 August 2013 on the common understanding that the
[Net-Off Contract] shall remain in force until termination by either party.”

98 Notably, Dwivedi’s affidavit confirmed that the parties had proceeded on
the basis of the Net-Off Contract. It made no mention of or reference to the
New Business Model. Nor did it assert that Petrotec had merely transported the
fuel oil without taking title to the same.

99 When confronted with Dwivedi’s affidavit in cross-examination, Goel
explained that Petrotec’s financial difficulties had come as a surprise to
Gulf and Gulf had to act fast to protect its rights. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

NE Day 1, p 57, lines 13–17.

He also explained that he was “traumatised” at that time, 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NE Day 1, p 58, line 21.

and that Thota, who was Gulf’s legal counsel, and Mr Thomas Tan were the ones
discussing the court injunction application. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NE Day 1, p 57, lines 11–22.

100 In re-examination, Goel was given another chance to explain Dwivedi’s
affidavit. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

NE Day 2, pp 68–69.

He said that in November 2014, when Petrotec was suffering from financial
difficulties, he had flown to Singapore to discuss the situation with Dwivedi.
On the advice of Mr Thomas Tan, they planned to file an injunction. As Goel
had to fly out to Dubai for the weekend, Dwivedi signed the supporting
affidavit as “he was the only person left in --- in the Singapore office who
could do something about this matter.” 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

NE Day 2, p 69, lines 1–2.

Goel further testified in response to Mr Thomas Tan’s question: 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NE Day 2, p 69, lines 3–8.

Q Yes, but the question that my learned friend asked is did Mr Dwivedi know
anything about the [N]ew [B]usiness [M]odel contract?

A Well, as he was not directly involved with the business, so it would be
difficult for him to, I would say, articulate the matter in the best possible
way. So he would know of it but would he know the exact situation, I would
very much doubt that.

[emphasis added]

101 Goel also explained that Dwivedi “is not a lawyer and he was not directly
running the business”. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

NE Day 2, p 58, lines 22–24.

102 I do not accept Goel’s explanation. First, Dwivedi was not just any
employee. According to Goel’s own evidence, Dwivedi was the person in charge
of Gulf’s Asia Pacific business, and in particular the Singapore office, and
was physically based in Singapore (see [96] above). Gulf’s business with
Petrotec was indisputably a significant part of Gulf’s Singapore operations.
It could not have been that Dwivedi was not aware of the basic structure of
the business arrangement between Gulf and Petrotec. Notably, he was also
copied in the email that Gulf sent to Petrotec attaching the Draft Tankoil
Contract (see [84] above). Second, it was Goel’s own evidence that Dwivedi
“would know” of the New Business Model at the time the affidavit was filed
(see [100] above). Goel confirmed this fact several times when asked. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

See also NE Day 1, p 58, lines 1–3, 6–13.

If Goel is to be believed on this point, there is no plausible explanation why
Dwivedi would nevertheless go on oath to state that a superseded contract, ie,
the Net-Off Contract, still applied. In my view, Goel’s attempt to stress that
Dwivedi was “not directly involved in the business of bunkering” 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

See, eg, NE Day 1, p 57, lines 25–27.

was merely an attempt to muddy the waters. The truth of the matter was that
the Net-Off Contract applied, and that Dwivedi stated this in his affidavit
because this was what he knew to be the case at that time. The New Business
Model was only an afterthought when Gulf realised the unfavourable legal
consequences of the Net-Off Contract.

103 Furthermore, even putting aside the role and knowledge of Dwivedi, there
were at least two other persons in Gulf at the time the affidavit was filed
who purportedly knew of the New Business Model.

104 The first person is Goel himself. Even though Goel tried initially to
suggest that he had not been involved in the discussions leading up to the
filing of Dwivedi’s affidavit, 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

NE Day 1, p 56, lines 11–17.

he conceded later that the application for injunction had in fact been
discussed with him. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

NE Day 1, p 56, lines 18–22.

Indeed, he had flown from Dubai to Singapore especially to discuss Gulf’s
legal position with Mr Thomas Tan and Dwivedi before the filing of the
affidavit (see [100] above). Goel accepted that he was aware of the New
Business Model at the time the affidavit was filed. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

NE Day 1, p 58, lines 14–15.

105 The second person was Avik, who as mentioned above (see [84] above) was
also copied in the email attaching the Draft Tankoil Contract. At the time
Dwivedi’s affidavit was filed, Avik, who was in the employment of Gulf, also
knew of the New Business Model. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

NE Day 1, pp 58–59.

Thus, even if Dwivedi was not directly involved in Gulf’s business with
Petrotec, Avik was. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

NE Day 1, p 57, lines 25–27.

And even if Avik was not involved in SUM 5741 or in the legal proceedings as
Goel claimed, 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NE Day 1, p 60, lines 1–9.

Avik and Dwivedi (together with Goel) were jointly involved in discussions
with Petrotec around November 2014 regarding Petrotec’s financial situation.
161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Goel’s AEIC at para 50.

Going into these discussions, Dwivedi must have known from Avik or Goel about
the nature of Gulf’s business arrangement with Petrotec. Yet, Dwivedi went on
oath to state that the Net-Off Contract applied.

(4) Confirmation to Gulf’s auditors

106 To support its position that the New Business Model applied, Gulf relied
on Petrotec’s confirmation to Gulf’s auditors on 25 March 2014 that 30,715.881
MT of fuel oil which Petrotec was holding as of 31 December 2013 belonged to
Gulf. Apparently, Petrotec sent this confirmation on Gulf’s request dated 11
March 2014. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

SOC at para 15; Goel’s AEIC at pp 468–490; Dennis Tan’s AEIC at paras 84–86.

The quantity of 30,715.881 MT provided by Petrotec was said to correspond with
the surplus 30,674.286 MT of fuel oil which Petrotec lifted and held on behalf
of Gulf on 31 December 2013, giving allowance for slight inaccuracies in the
measurement of fuel oil quantity. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

SOC at para 15(c).

107 Gulf submitted that this confirmation indicated Petrotec’s agreement that
the fuel oil which it had lifted before January 2014 belonged to Gulf. It
followed that all fuel oil which Petrotec subsequently lifted on behalf of
Gulf, including the 15,309.248 MT of Surplus Oil, also belonged to Gulf. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

SOC at para 15.

108 Petrotec’s position was that the confirmation merely evidenced a certain
quantity of fuel oil laden on board the corresponding barges, and was not an
admission that the said fuel oil belonged to Gulf. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 28.6.2.

Dennis Tan testified under cross-examination that he did not refuse Gulf’s
request to provide measurements of the quantity of fuel oil on board the
corresponding barges because “I dare not talk to somebody that I owe them
money in this [manner]. I know I owe Gulf money, but I will not dare to talk
to them in this manner.” 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

NE Day 6, pp 67–68.

109 I agree that the confirmation was a piece of evidence in support of Gulf’s
case. That said, I note that under the Net-Off Contract, it was anticipated by
the parties that Gulf would eventually re-purchase the same fuel oil from
Petrotec for subsequent sale to the Buyers.

(5) Insurance

110 Another factor raised was the fact that insurance for the fuel oil had
been taken out in Gulf’s name, but the premium payments were in fact made by
Petrotec. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

SAB at pp 189–224, 600–634.

Gulf submitted that if it was a sale and re-purchase arrangement between the
parties, Gulf would not have required such protection. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 60.

I am not persuaded. Notwithstanding that Gulf had sold a certain lot of fuel
oil to Petrotec, Gulf retained an interest in that lot insofar as it would
purchase that lot of fuel oil back under the Net-Off Contract for subsequent
sale to the Buyers. Further, by Gulf’s own case, if the fuel oil was for some
reason unavailable for subsequent sale, it may not be clear whether Petrotec
had sufficient financial wherewithal to repay Gulf. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

See NE Day 3, p 89, lines 21–31.

111 For the foregoing reasons, I am of the view that the Draft Tankoil
Contract, the letters of demand, and Dwivedi’s affidavit are very strong
evidence that the Net-Off Contract was the applicable contractual arrangement
between the parties. Petrotec’s confirmation to Gulf’s auditors, while
suggestive that Petrotec held fuel oil on behalf of Gulf pursuant to the New
Business Model, can also be explained on the basis that under the Net-Off
Contract, Gulf would eventually re-purchase any fuel oil that it had earlier
sold to Petrotec. In any event, the confirmation did not, in the round,
overcome the weight of the evidence in favour of the Net-Off Contract.

Contemporaneous communications

112 I turn now to the communications between the representatives of Gulf and
Petrotec during the subsistence of their contractual relationship.

113 Petrotec pointed to messages sent on Yahoo! Chat between Gary Chew and
Dennis Tan, during the period from 21 August 2012 to 17 July 2014, in which
references were made to Gulf “selling” fuel oil to Petrotec, or Petrotec
“buying” fuel oil from Gulf. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 29; 4DBD at pp 125–371.

On 1 July 2013, Gary Chew also told Dennis Tan on Yahoo! Chat that “new energy
is the trader!! u should do same with tankoil[.] tankoil is barge operator[.]
and petrotec is now the trader[.]” 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

4DBD at p 266.

Under cross-examination, Gary Chew conceded that he understood the term
“trader” to mean a party that buys and sells fuel oil. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

NE Day 4, p 26, lines 18–19.

114 Gary Chew explained that he did not use such language in the technical
sense to indicate that there had been sale and re-purchase transactions
between Gulf and Petrotec. Rather, he was speaking with Dennis Tan informally
using terms of convenience and habit. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

NE Day 4, p 16, lines 15–22, p 24, lines 14–23.

115 In my view, the particular terms used by Gary Chew on Yahoo! Chat with
Dennis Tan cannot be held against Gulf. A glance at the transcript of the
chats makes it clear that the communications were informal, imprecise, and at
times incomprehensible. More importantly, while the terms “buy” and “sell”
have been used, the context of their usage is not clear given the informality
of the conversations, and there is no clarity as to which party was buying
from or selling to which other party. The particular reference to Petrotec
being the “trader” also appears to be about a prospective proposal rather than
a statement about existing fact.

116 For similar reasons, I place no weight on the fact that Dennis Tan had
used the terms “sell”, “buy”, and “return” in communication with Goel by text
messages. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 76; see eg, ACB at p 37.

Substance of the arrangement

117 Aside from the documentary evidence, I am also of the view that the
substance of the business arrangement between Gulf and Petrotec indicated that
Petrotec had played a larger role than a barge operator who was merely
responsible for transport and delivery of fuel oil. First, I note that all the
Back to Back Charges and the Cancellation Charges were charged to Petrotec by
Gulf (see [31]-[32] above). Second, even though Gulf claimed that Petrotec was
only a transporter of fuel oil, Gulf did not provide any satisfactory reason
as to why Petrotec (allegedly) had to pay Gulf various charges including the
Uplift Charges and the Finance Charges, and why there was no sum payable by
Gulf to Petrotec for the service of transportation and delivery of fuel oil.
175

##### Foot Note 175

×

See NE Day 6, p 9, lines 17–19.

Third, no reason was suggested as to why Petrotec would, if it was merely a
transporter under the New Business Model as Gulf alleged, bear the
consequences of the price difference between the Firm Order, and the Base
Price and other relevant charges under the “system minus” calculation (see
[27] above).

Other factors

118 Finally, I deal with three factors which do not neatly fall within any of
the above-stated categories.

(1) MPA licences

119 The first point relates to Tankoil’s role in the supply of fuel oil
between Gulf and Petrotec, and the relevance of the MPA licences.

120 According to Petrotec, it would not have agreed to the New Business Model
because such a contractual arrangement would have been in breach of MPA’s
licensing requirement. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 31.

Neither Gulf nor Petrotec had any of the two kinds of MPA licences which
permit the sale and physical delivery of fuel oil within Singapore port limits
(see [10] above). The Net-Off Contract was the only way that Gulf and Petrotec
could have complied with the MPA licensing requirement, because it would
enable Petrotec to “loop” the chain of title to the fuel oil through Tankoil,
which had connections with Dennis Tan, before the sale and delivery of the
fuel oil to the Buyers. It appeared that “looping” the chain of title through
Tankoil was an attempt for Gulf and Petrotec to comply with MPA’s licensing
requirement. In addition, the barges nominated by Petrotec to transport the
fuel oil were Tankoil’s, and the Back to Back Charges levied by Gulf on
Petrotec were also passed onto Tankoil. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 60.

121 As the evidence on MPA’s licensing regime and the requirements of each MPA
licence was not clear, I cannot reach any conclusion as to whether either
contractual arrangement would have complied with MPA’s licensing regime, or if
the parties had intended for either arrangement to meet or to circumvent the
regime. Indeed, despite Petrotec’s argument that the New Business Model would
have contravened the licensing regime, it may be that the same argument
applies to the Net-Off Contract. In any event, neither side pleaded illegality
and both sides did not appear keen to offer any evidence which might suggest
that they might have been parties to transactions which were tainted with
illegality.

(2) Market practice

122 In the pleadings, Petrotec claimed that a sale and re-purchase transaction
as per the Net-Off Contract accorded with market practice. However, no expert
or objective evidence was adduced as to the existence of a market practice or
the nature of the arrangements between other industry players in similar
relationships. Thus, I place no weight on this point.

(3) Terms of the Net-Off Contract

123 I add one further observation. Although Petrotec’s case was primarily
based on the Net-Off Contract, that contract itself did not comprehensively
provide for all the details of the transactions between Gulf and Petrotec as
alleged by Petrotec. For instance, it did not provide for the Uplift Charges
of US$3.00 per MT of fuel oil which Petrotec conceded as payable to Gulf.

124 However, in my view, the fact that certain details and charges were not
specifically mentioned in the Net-Off Contract is equivocal. The parties were
entitled to separately agree on these other matters which were not covered in
the Net-Off Contract. There was also no argument that the parties were
precluded from waiving by agreement or conduct any formal requirement
prescribed by the Net-Off Contract, including cl 6.2 which provided that the
contract “shall not be altered, changed, supplemented or amended except by
written instrument signed by all the Parties hereto”. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

See Defence at para 17.

Indeed, it will be remembered that when Gulf was arguing that the New Business
Model applied, it argued that compliance with the requirements of cl 6.2 was
not necessary in the circumstances.

Conclusion

125 For the foregoing reasons, I am of the view that the Net-Off Contract
applied and the New Business Model did not exist. This finding accorded not
only with the objective evidence, which gave shape to the form of the
transaction, but also with its substance. Petrotec was the real buyer of the
fuel oil, whereas Gulf was in truth only an intermediary: a financier and the
party that opened doors to transactions with other major oil companies. The
New Business Model was only an afterthought when Gulf realised the
unfavourable consequences of the Net-Off Contract in the light of the
precarious financial condition of Petrotec and the uncertain financial
condition of the Guarantors.

126 Accordingly, the business arrangements between Gulf and Petrotec from
August 2012 to November 2014 involved sale and re-purchase transactions as
envisaged by the Net-Off Contract. Even though cl 3.1 of the Net-Off Contract
provided for it to subsist for one year, as Dwivedi’s affidavit explained, the
parties “continued to perform the [Net-Off Contract] after 22 August 2013 on
the common understanding that the [Net-Off Contract] shall remain in force
until termination by either party” (see [97(c)] above).

127 Since I have found that the Net-Off Contract applied, the issues as to
whether the purported change to the New Business Model was supported by
consideration and whether it was in compliance with cl 6.2 of the Net-Off
Contract (see [50], [54] above) do not arise.

128 For completeness, I note two points. First, the parties had assumed that,
under the Net-Off Contract, title passed at the same time as possession. It
was not argued that even if the Net-Off Contract applied, Gulf nevertheless
retained title to the fuel oil after Petrotec collected it from the Suppliers.
Therefore, since I have found that the Net-Off Contract applied, it follows
that Petrotec had title to all the fuel oil which it possessed. Second,
Petrotec suggested that Gulf’s motivation for filing this suit was to claim
against certain cargo insurances, 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

NE Day 2, p 40, lines 28–29.

and/or to claim against the proceeds of sale of fuel oil that remained on
certain bunker barges but have been sold pursuant to Orders of Court. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 30.1.

There is insufficient evidence on this point and I make no further comment.

Claim for the Surplus Oil

129 Having established that the Net-Off Contract was the applicable
contractual arrangement, I turn now to examine the merits of Gulf’s claims.

130 The main dispute appeared to be Gulf’s claim for ownership of the Surplus
Oil loaded on four vessels, namely, “STAR QUEST”, “PETRO ASIA”, “NORTHWEST
SUCCESS”, and SKY QUEST”. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Goel’s AEIC at para 71.

Gulf’s arguments

131 According to Gulf, when Gulf stopped doing business with Petrotec in
November 2014, Petrotec held the Surplus Oil which belonged to Gulf.
Thereafter, by failing and/or refusing to deliver the Surplus Oil to Gulf:

(a) Petrotec breached an implied term of the New Business Model that Petrotec
would return to Gulf, on Gulf’s demand, “any quantity or surplus quantity of
[Gulf’s] fuel oil that it held on behalf of [Gulf]”. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

SOC at para 13(q).

(b) Further or alternatively, Petrotec wrongfully detained the Surplus Oil,
and/or converted the Surplus Oil to its own use. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

SOC at paras 43–48.

On either basis, Petrotec is liable in damages. Alternatively, Gulf claimed
US$8,123,896.43 as the approximate price for 15,309.248 MT of fuel oil, or
damages on a quantum valebat basis for the reasonable value of the oil. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

SOC at para 48A.

Petrotec’s arguments

132 Petrotec’s position was that Gulf was not the owner of the Surplus Oil.
Since the Net-Off Contract applied, business arrangements between Gulf and
Petrotec were sale and re-purchase transactions. Thus, since the Surplus Oil
had been sold to Petrotec but was not yet re-purchased by Gulf, Petrotec did
not, at any time from August 2012 to November 2014, hold the Surplus Oil on
behalf of Gulf. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Defence at para 46.

Gulf did not have title to the Surplus Oil. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Defence at para 51.

Further, Gulf was estopped from bringing a claim against Petrotec for the
wrongful detention and/or conversion of the Surplus Oil. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Defence at para 52.

Gulf must also prove its losses and show that it satisfied its duty to
mitigate its loss. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Defence at para 55.

133 However, Petrotec accepted that as of November 2014, when Gulf stopped
doing business with Petrotec, there was a “shortfall” of around 15,309.248 MT
of fuel oil between the aggregate Sale Contracts and Purchase Contracts. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Defence at para 50.

Analysis

134 This dispute as to the Surplus Oil turned on whether Gulf had sold fuel
oil to Petrotec pursuant to the Net-Off Contract, or whether Gulf had
appointed Petrotec merely as a barge operator to deliver fuel oil to the
Buyers while Gulf retained ownership of the fuel oil under the New Business
Model. On the basis of my finding that the Net-Off Contract applied, Gulf did
not have title to the Surplus Oil which was in the possession of Petrotec. As
mentioned, there was no argument that Gulf retained title to the Surplus Oil
even if the Net-Off Contract applied (see [128] above).

135 Having said that, since Gulf had sold the Surplus Oil to Petrotec for
which Petrotec had not yet made payment, Gulf is entitled to the purchase
price of the fuel oil. I do not consider the principles relating to the
assessment of damages in a successful conversion claim appropriate in this
case, 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 108–110; Defendants’ Closing
Submissions at paras 89–91.

given that Petrotec did not convert the Surplus Oil to its own benefit.
Rather, in principle, Petrotec owed Gulf the purchase price of the Surplus Oil
(ie, the Base Price plus the Uplift Charges).

136 In this regard, Gulf did not invoice Petrotec for the Surplus Oil. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 89.

Rather, Gulf’s claim in relation to the Surplus Oil was for US$8,123,896.43 as
the “approximate value” of the oil. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

SOC at para 42.

Varying rates were applied to the quantities of oil on each of the four
vessels in question which contained the Surplus Oil (see [130] above). Goel’s
AEIC explained that the approximate value was “derived from” the price paid by
Gulf to the Suppliers. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Goel’s AEIC at para 72.

Notably, however, Gulf did not claim the Uplift Charges in relation to the
Surplus Oil. On Petrotec’s part, it did not dispute the quantities or the
rates as such. Nor did it dispute the basis on which Gulf’s valuation of the
purchase price of the Surplus Oil was carried out. In the circumstances, I
allow Gulf’s claim in relation to the purchase price of the Surplus Oil at
US$8,123,896.43.

Claim on the outstanding debit notes

137 Gulf’s second claim was for the outstanding sum due under nine debit notes
issued between August and December 2014. Of these debit notes, five were Barge
Settlement DNs and four were for the Back to Back Charges. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

SOC at para 39.

As mentioned above (see [41] above), the face value of these debit notes
totalled US$4,833,589.19 (with US$4,801,688.75 for the Barge Settlement DNs
and US$31,900.44 for the debit notes for the Back to Back Charges). Given the
part payment made by Petrotec of US$580,205.25 as of 8 November 2014 (see [37]
above), the outstanding sum purportedly due from Petrotec to Gulf at the time
of commencement of this suit was US$4,253,383.94. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

SOC at para 39.

Gulf’s arguments

138 Gulf claimed that the New Business Model entitled Gulf to charge all of
the components of the Barge Settlement DNs, ie, the Purchase Margin, the
Uplift Charges, the Finance Charges, and the Late Payment Interests. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

SOC at paras 19–20.

In particular, Gulf’s position was that:

(a) The parties had initially agreed on more than US$3.00 per MT of fuel oil
as the Uplift Charges before eventually settling on US$3.00 per MT. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Reply at paras 17–18, 48.

Hence, in relation to four of the debit notes issued at the commencement of
the parties’ contractual arrangement, Petrotec had paid the Uplift Charges of
US$4.00 and US$4.50 per MT without protest. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Reply at paras 17–19.

(b) The parties had also agreed that Petrotec was liable for the Finance
Charges at 6% per annum, and the Late Payment Interests at 2% per month. That
was why Petrotec paid such charges without protest until after the dispute
arose in 2014. Furthermore, neither the Finance Charges nor the Late Payment
Interests were penalties. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Reply at para 22.

Petrotec’s arguments

139 Petrotec disputed liability to pay certain components of the sums in the
Barge Settlement DNs (see [30] above). It accepted that the Purchase Margin
and the Uplift Charges at a rate of US$3.00 per MT of fuel oil supplied were
payable by Petrotec to Gulf whether the Net-Off Contract or the New Business
Model applied. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Defence at para 43.

However, Petrotec argued that the Net-Off Contract did not allow the
imposition of the following: 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Defence at paras 24–27.

(a) the Uplift Charges in excess of the rate of US$3.00 per MT;

(b) the Finance Charges; and

(c) the Late Payment Interests.

140 In particular, in relation to the Finance Charges and the Late Payment
Interests, Petrotec’s position was that: 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Defence at paras 27–29, 32.

(a) any separate agreement for the payment of these sums would fail for want
of consideration;

(b) any separate agreement for their payment was not made in accordance with
the terms of the Net-Off Contract; and/or

(c) these were penalties and were thus unenforceable.

Analysis

141 In relation to the nine outstanding debit notes, I note at the outset that
the subject matter of the debit notes implicates charges that were relevant to
both Gulf’s claim against Petrotec (for the unpaid charges), and Petrotec’s
counterclaim against Gulf (for the return of the charges that had been paid).
In my view, the claim and the counterclaim in respect of the various charges
ought to be separately considered. While there may be common issues of facts
and law, the incidence of the legal burden of proof as well as the manner in
which the parties have pleaded their cases are different.

142 Gulf claimed that the Finance Charges and the Late Payment Interests were
payable under the New Business Model. It was not its pleaded case that these
charges remained payable even if the Net-Off Contract applied, or that the
charges were payable regardless of which contractual arrangement applied. Nor
did Gulf plead that there had been an ad hoc contract or agreement between
Gulf and Petrotec for the payment of these charges. The sole basis of Gulf’s
entitlement to these charges turned on the existence and applicability of the
New Business Model.

143 Indeed, in the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2), which was the latest
pleading on the basis of which the trial had proceeded, Gulf had amended the
chapeau of the paragraph listing the agreed charges between Gulf and Petrotec
from “[Gulf] and [Petrotec] agreed that [Gulf will charge Petrotec the listed
charges]” to “[Gulf] and [Petrotec] agreed that under the New Business Model
[Gulf will charge Petrotec the listed charges]” [emphasis added]. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

SOC at para 19; SDB at p 20.

The addition of the phrase “under the New Business Model” restricted the basis
on which Gulf claimed those charges. Similarly, in the Reply and Defence to
Counterclaim (Amendment No 2), Gulf again stated that Petrotec was not
entitled to a return or refund of the Finance Charges or the Late Payment
Interests because it was liable to pay these charges under the New Business
Model:

49 Paragraph 66 of the Counterclaim is denied. [Petrotec] is not entitled to a
return or refund of the Finance Charges. Under the New Business Model, the
Finance Charge[s are] payable by [Petrotec] to [Gulf] …

50 Paragraph 67 of the Counterclaim is denied. [Petrotec] is not entitled to a
return or refund of the Late Payment Interest[s]. Under the New Business
Model, the Late Payment Interest[s are] payable by [Petrotec] to [Gulf] …

[emphasis added]

144 Therefore, the sole premise of Gulf’s entitlement to the Finance Charges
and the Late Payment Interests was the New Business Model. Since the premise
was not established, the claims resting on it must also fail. Accordingly,
Gulf’s claim for the Finance Charges of US$551,174.80 and the Late Payment
Interests of US$254,626.27 under the outstanding debit notes (see [137]
above), which have not yet been paid, must fail.

145 Since I have found that the Net-Off Contract applied and that the
outstanding Finance Charges and Late Payment Interests are not payable for the
reasons mentioned above, I need not say more on Petrotec’s legal submissions
on consideration, amendment of contract, and penalty clauses (see [140]
above).

146 Although the outstanding Finance Charges and Late Payment Interests (which
were components of the five outstanding Barge Settlement DNs) are not payable,
Petrotec accepted its liability to pay the remaining total of US$3,447,582.87
under the outstanding debit notes. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at paras 10.1, 59.

This sum comprised:

(a) US$31,900.44 being debts owed under the four outstanding debit notes for
the Back to Back Charges; 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

Goel’s AEIC at p 380.

and

(b) US$3,415,682.43 being debts owed under the five outstanding Barge
Settlement DNs, but of the admitted Purchase Margin and the Uplift Charges
components only (ie, without the Finance Charges and the Late Payment
Interests). 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

Goel’s AEIC at p 380.

Counterclaim for the Payments

Petrotec’s arguments

147 I turn now to Petrotec’s counterclaim for the Payments. To recapitulate
(see [43] above), Petrotec counterclaimed US$3,853,333.04 against Gulf which
comprised the following sums which were allegedly paid by mistake and/or led
to the unjust enrichment of Gulf: 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

SDB at p 63; Defence at para 67A; Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 58.

(a) US$15,963.42 being the excess Uplift Charges levied by Gulf on Petrotec
above the agreed rate of US$3.00 per MT of fuel oil; 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

Defence at para 65; Annex.

(b) US$2,734,809.13 “being part of” the Finance Charges paid by Petrotec to
Gulf from December 2012 to June 2014; 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Defence at paras 32, 66.

and

(c) US$1,102,560.49 being the Late Payment Interests paid by Petrotec to Gulf
from February 2013 to June 2014. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Defence at paras 32, 67.

Gulf’s arguments

148 Gulf argued that Petrotec’s counterclaim must fail because the Finance
Charges and the Late Payment Interests were payable under the New Business
Model. Petrotec made willing payment without protest at the material time.
There had been no mistake. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Reply at paras 19–20, 49–50.

There was also no unjust enrichment of Gulf. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Reply at para 50A.

Analysis

149 The primary basis for Petrotec’s counterclaim was that it made the
Payments by mistake. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 49.

In my view, that could not have been the case. First, Dennis Tan’s AEIC did
not assert that the Payments had been made by Petrotec to Gulf by mistake.
More importantly, under cross-examination, Dennis Tan’s own evidence was that
even though he was reluctant, he knew of the Payments and consented to them:
214

##### Foot Note 214

×

NE Day 6, p 37, lines 22–32, p 38, lines 1–8.

Q So can I ask you this question again? [Were] the [F]inance [C]harge[s]
brought to your attention by your accounts at that time? Yes or no?

A Yes.

Q And did you agree to pay?

A (No audible answer)

Q Yes or no?

A I think we have a … few discussion with Gary or Prerit over this outstanding
payment.

Court: With Gary or who?

Witness: And Prerit. The --- Mr Prerit, Petro --- Gulf Petrochem’s boss.

Court: Okay. And you had some discussions and then?

Witness: Then they say they’ll try to compromise or reduce it. I say, ‘That’s
no way to carry on the business like that.’

Q So did you agree to pay? Yes or no?

A I think after several discussion, I think we agree to pay or something like
that.

Q ‘Something like that’? What is ‘something like that’? Either you agreed to
pay or you didn’t agree to pay.

A We try to bring down the price but they’re not willing to do it. Then how?
Then we pay.

150 Later during cross-examination, Dennis Tan was further asked whether he
had agreed to make the Payments. He said, “In the beginning, no.” 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

NE Day 6, p 51, lines 6–7; see also NE Day 6, p 42, line 17.

In my view, this was an implied concession that Dennis Tan had eventually
agreed that Petrotec would make the Payments to Gulf presumably for commercial
reasons. As he explained in court: 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

NE Day 6, p 43, lines 20–29.

Q … So, again, you say here that Petro[t]ec paid this by mistake. First
question, do you agree with me that throughout your whole affidavit, you never
said that this was paid by mistake. Do you agree?

A Mr Thomas, this --- the first invoice that came to me is 3.6 million plus a
200,000 thing, I was already very stunned over the first 4 month of 2012,
August till December. I was trying very hard to talk to Gary and say, ‘Are you
serious to do business this way or not that way?’ Then here at 2013 February,
they slapped me with a 2% interest, ‘You must pay.’ You know, at that moment,
I already have outstanding almost 3 or 4 million, I’m consider a beggar. What
choice does have a beggar have? To be sued or to carry on?

151 Dennis Tan’s evidence largely corroborated with Wong’s. Wong testified
that whenever a part of the Payments had to be paid, she would check with
Dennis Tan as to whether, when and to which party payment should be made. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Wong’s AEIC at para 6.

I note that Wong did attempt to suggest that the responsibility for checking
the numbers rested with the “operations department”. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

See, eg, NE Day 7, pp 56–62.

However, the point is that the numbers were verified by Petrotec before
payment. It is not relevant whether the verification was done by the accounts
department or the operations department. Either way, Petrotec cannot
subsequently claim to have made payment by mistake.

152 In its Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), Petrotec also mentioned
a cause of action in unjust enrichment. The three requirements of a claim in
unjust enrichment are: (a) the enrichment of the defendant, (b) enrichment at
the expense of the plaintiff, and (c) the circumstances which make the
enrichment unjust (Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v
Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2011] 3 SLR 540 at [110]).
Petrotec appeared to have abandoned this cause of action during the course of
the trial. Neither did it substantiate its case in this regard in its closing
submissions. In any event, given that the payments had been made by Petrotec
to Gulf with the knowledge and consent of Dennis Tan, I do not consider that
there was anything unjust warranting reversal.

153 Accordingly, Petrotec’s counterclaim fails as it has not established a
valid cause of action for the return of the Payments that had been made.

154 For completeness, I reiterate that Petrotec did not counterclaim the
Uplift Charges of US$3.00 per MT that it had already paid. Even though they
were not expressly stipulated in the Net-Off Contract, Petrotec accepted that
it had agreed to pay US$3.00 per MT of fuel oil purchased from Gulf pursuant
to the Sale Contracts insofar as the method by which the “system minus” was
calculated had internalised the Uplift Charges. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

See Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 36.1.

Claim on the Guarantee

155 I turn now to the Guarantee (see [35] above). The Guarantee read as
follows:

I, Tan Keng Huat Dennis (I/C No. …) together with Tan ShuPing (I/C No. …) and
Soon Kok Khoon (I/C No. …) hereby personally guarantee Gulf Petrochem Pte
Ltd/FCZ for all oil transported by our companies PetroTec Pte Ltd and Oasis
Asia Marine Pte Ltd and also for all oil loaded into our barges ‘Episode’,
‘Sophie 9’, ‘Pride’ and ‘SS Prosperity’ or any other barge name for purposes
of barging, transportation, and delivered supply to ships for Gulf Petrochem
Pte Ltd/FCZ.

We also personally guarantee Gulf Petrochem Pte Ltd/FCZ for any sale of ex-
wharf oil to us into our above-named barges.

All losses due to theft, robbery, spill or any other reasons will be borne by
us.

156 The Guarantee was not dated. Dennis Tan’s AEIC did not specify the date of
the Guarantee, but suggested that he signed it between January and August
2012. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 28.

According to Gulf, this Guarantee was provided by the Guarantors between 22
August 2012 (when the Net-Off Contract was entered into) and 24 August 2012
(which is the date of the first transaction between the parties). 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

SOC at para 49.

157 Further, Dennis Tan gave evidence that one year later, in July 2013, Gary
Chew informed him that some other document for the business deal was required,
and that there was a personal guarantee involved. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 29.

Gary Chew also apparently said then that the Guarantee which Dennis Tan had
previously signed was nothing. However, Dennis Tan refused to sign the new
document as he did not want to be a personal guarantor. Gary Chew told Dennis
Tan not to worry and that he would take care of things. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 29.

It appears that this second guarantee was not eventually pursued.

Gulf’s arguments

158 Gulf sought to enforce the Guarantee against the Guarantors for the
following two sums:

(a) US$4,253,383.94 being the balance sum under the nine outstanding debit
notes; 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

SOC at para 50.

and

(b) US$8,123,896.43 being the approximate value of the Surplus Oil which
Petrotec purportedly holds on behalf of Gulf. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

SOC at para 53.

159 In response to arguments by the Guarantors, Gulf’s position was that:

(a) The terms of the Guarantee were sufficiently certain. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Reply at para 43.

(b) Under the Guarantee, the Guarantors were liable to Gulf for the Finance
Charges and/or the Late Payment Interests. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Reply at para 43.

(c) The Guarantee did not distinguish between the liabilities of Dennis Tan on
the one hand, and of Aroy Tan and Steven Soon on the other. Nor was the
liability of Aroy Tan and Steven Soon restricted to principal debts owed by
Oasis. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 134.

(d) Properly construed, the Guarantee was an indemnity and therefore Aroy Tan
and Steven Soon were bound even if they neither knew nor consented to the New
Business Model. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 139.

Even if the Guarantee was characterised as a guarantee, its terms clearly
covered the New Business Model. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 140.

(e) Neither Gulf nor its representatives represented that the Guarantee would
not be binding, or that Gulf had no intention of enforcing the terms, 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

Reply at para 46A.

and even if any of Gulf’s representatives had made such a representation, that
representative did not have the authority to do so. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

Reply at para 46B.

160 Gulf added that even if the Net-Off Contract applied, the Guarantors
remained liable under the Guarantee. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 142.

The Guarantors’ arguments

161 The Guarantors resisted liability under the Guarantee on the following
grounds: 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

Defence at para 68.

(a) In fact, no Guarantee had been provided. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

Defence at para 56.

(b) The terms of the Guarantee did not apply to the Finance Charges and/or the
Late Payment Interests. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

Defence at paras 57(c), 60B.

(c) The Guarantee was unenforceable as the terms were uncertain. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

Defence at para 57.

(d) The Guarantee was unenforceable against Aroy Tan and Steven Soon for want
of consideration, as they were at all material times not involved in and/or
employed by Petrotec. Gulf neither transacted directly with Oasis, nor brought
any claim against it. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

Defence at para 58.

(e) Even if the New Business Model applied, Aroy Tan and Steven Soon were
discharged from all liability under the Guarantee as they did not know and did
not consent to this agreement. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

Defence at para 59.

(f) Gulf was estopped from calling on the Guarantee, as Gulf’s representative,
Gary Chew, had made numerous oral representations and/or promises to Dennis
Tan that the Guarantee “was only a matter of formality and that [Gulf] would
not enforce the [Guarantee]”. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

Defence at para 60A(a).

Each of the Guarantors relied on these oral representations when they signed
the Guarantee. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

Defence at para 60A(b).

162 In the circumstances, the Guarantors sought a declaration that the
Guarantee was void and/or unenforceable.

163 Even if the Guarantee was enforceable, the Guarantors sought to set off
Petrotec’s counterclaim vis-à-vis Gulf against Petrotec’s liability to Gulf.
242

##### Foot Note 242

×

Defence at para 61.

Analysis

164 I am of the view that the Guarantors’ arguments to resist enforcement of
the Guarantee are not made out.

Certainty

165 The Guarantors’ argument was that the Guarantee was not sufficiently clear
to be enforceable. This was because there was no clear identification of the
subject matter or the principal contract “pursuant to which the [Guarantee]
was issued”. Further, the scope of the Guarantors’ liability was uncertain
and/or unascertainable. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 71.1.

166 In my view, there is sufficient certainty for the Guarantee to be given
effect to in the present case. While it could have been more elegantly
drafted, the Guarantee provided for the Guarantors’ liability in respect of
principal debts owed by Petrotec to Gulf for the purchase of fuel oil whether
under the Net-Off Contract or not. This was contemplated in the second
paragraph of the Guarantee which read: “We also personally guarantee Gulf… for
any sale of ex-wharf oil to us into our above-named barges.” The phrase “any
sale… to us” is important. The word “us” in the context of the Guarantee must
have included Petrotec since the first paragraph clarified that Petrotec was
one of “our companies” – “our” referring here collectively to the Guarantors.
The plain meaning of the phrase “any sale” is sufficiently certain. The
reference to “any sale” would not make sense if the guaranteed obligation
referred merely to, for example, a minimum threshold of transactions with the
Buyers that Petrotec must “sleeve” to Gulf, since that would render the word
“any” otiose. It could also not be that the guaranteed obligation referred
merely to the condition of the fuel oil transported by Petrotec to the Buyers,
because the key word used in the second paragraph was “sale”, and in any case,
liability as to theft, robbery and spillage had already been provided for in
the third paragraph of the Guarantee.

167 Indeed, apart from a bare assertion of uncertainty, the Guarantors did not
in fact provide any alternative reading of the Guarantee that could plausibly
fit within its terms. The fact that the Guarantee did not refer to the Net-Off
Contract by name, or that it did not use the most precise terms to describe
the ownership of the various barges, was not fatal. As stated in The Law of
Contract in Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing,
2012) (“Phang on Contract”) at pp 145–146, “the courts do not expect
commercial documents to be drafted with the outmost precision and certainty”
and would generally endeavour to give effect to an agreement rather than
strike it down. Further, as Gulf noted, there was no distinction drawn in the
Guarantee between Dennis Tan and the other Guarantors, or between Petrotec and
Oasis. Therefore, the Guarantors bear the collective liability of Petrotec and
Oasis to Gulf.

168 Finally, there was no good reason why the Guarantors did not realise that
what they were signing was a guarantee when the document so clearly used the
term “personally guarantee” and it was not a lengthy document. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

See Steven Soon’s AEIC at para 14.

169 I am therefore of the view that the Guarantee is not so uncertain as to be
unenforceable.

Consideration

170 The Guarantors submitted without elaboration that the Guarantee is
unenforceable for failure of consideration. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 71.2.

They also asserted that there was “no consideration to the [Guarantors] for
providing the [Guarantee]”. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 71.2.

171 In my view, the consideration provided by Gulf for the Guarantee was its
entry into the Net-Off Contract with Petrotec. It is true that Aroy Tan and
Steven Soon were not employees or directors of Petrotec, and therefore they
were not direct beneficiaries of the consideration. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 131.

However, it is trite that the consideration provided by Gulf need not be
directed at the Guarantors themselves, but may also be provided to Petrotec as
one of the principals under the Guarantee. As Low Kee Yang, The Law of
Guarantees in Singapore & Malaysia (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2003) (“Low on
Guarantees”) stated (at pp 69–70):

A contract of guarantee must be supported by valuable consideration such as
making advances or supplying goods. The essential rule is that consideration
must move from the promisee (or his agent) but it need not (though it may)
move to the promisor. The promise that we are concerned with here is the
surety’s promise – to pay the creditor (the promisee) if the principal debtor
does not. To enforce the surety’s promise, the creditor must show that he has
given valuable consideration, either to the principal debtor or to the surety.
[emphasis added; internal citations omitted]

172 For completeness, I add that such consideration was not past
consideration. While the Guarantee was undated, and even though Gulf’s pleaded
case was that the Net-Off Contract chronologically preceded the Guarantee (see
[156] above), Gary Chew’s unchallenged evidence in court was that the
Guarantee had been signed “before the business started” because otherwise
Gulf’s “management [would] not approve” the business arrangement with
Petrotec. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

NE Day 3, p 86.

It was also Goel’s evidence that the Guarantee was the prerequisite to a
business relationship between the parties. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

NE Day 2, p 48.

The better view of the facts is therefore that the Net-Off Contract and the
Guarantee were part of one and the same transaction, and should hence be
considered to have been entered into contemporaneously (see Low on Guarantees
at p 76; Phang on Contract at pp 193–195).

173 In the premises, I am of the view that the Guarantee is adequately
supported by consideration provided by Gulf.

Estoppel

174 The Guarantors further argued that Gulf was estopped from calling on the
Guarantee due to the oral representations made by Gary Chew to Dennis Tan
which the Guarantors relied on. In particular, they relied on the following
alleged representations made by Gary Chew: 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

Dennis Tan’s AEIC at para 28.

(a) that the Guarantee was a mere formality to kick-start business with Gulf;

(b) that Gary Chew would “take care of” Dennis Tan; 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

NE Day 4, p 31, lines 1–6.

and

(c) that Dennis Tan “did not have to worry” about the Guarantee. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

NE Day 4, p 31, lines 9–11.

175 The Guarantors did not specify the species of estoppel relied upon. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 144.

As Andrew Ang J explained in Rudhra Minerals Pte Ltd v MRI Trading Pte Ltd
[2013] 4 SLR 1023, the appropriate species of estoppel that applies to
preclude one party from resiling on his alleged promise or assurance as to
future conduct should be promissory estoppel, and not estoppel by
representation of fact. It is on this basis that I analyse the Guarantors’
submissions.

176 A party pleading promissory estoppel must show three elements: (a) a clear
and unequivocal promise by the promisor, whether by words or conduct, (b)
reliance on the promise by the promisee, and (c) detriment suffered by the
promisee as a result of the reliance (see, eg, Aero-Gate Pte Ltd v Engen
Marine Engineering Pte Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 409 at [37]).

177 On the facts, the purported representations do not amount to unequivocal
promises that the Guarantee would not be enforced. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 147.

Gary Chew could equally be “taking care” of the Guarantors if he deferred
reliance on the Guarantee rather than entirely disclaimed its use. In this
sense, a representation that Gary Chew would try his best to protect Dennis
Tan and the other Guarantors did not amount to an unequivocal promise that the
Guarantee would not be enforced. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

NE Day 4, pp 34–35.

Indeed, it would not make any commercial sense for Gulf to require a personal
guarantee and yet undertake not to enforce that guarantee. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

See Gary Chew’s AEIC at para 58.

178 Furthermore, even though Gary Chew conceded under cross-examination that
he had told Dennis Tan that he would take care of him, 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

NE Day 4, pp 30–31.

there is no evidence that he had made the same promises to Aroy Tan and Steven
Soon. There is also no evidence that Dennis Tan informed the other Guarantors
of the promise made by Gary Chew. Further, no submission was made as to
whether such indirectly-conveyed promises would suffice to ground a claim in
promissory estoppel. In the circumstances, even if Dennis Tan was entitled to
raise an estoppel (which he was not), the same cannot be said of the other
Guarantors.

Guarantee over the New Business Model

179 Finally, the Guarantors argued that Aroy Tan and Steven Soon should be
discharged from all liability under the Guarantee to Gulf as the New Business
Model was entered into without their consent. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

Defence at para 59.

Since I have found that the New Business Model did not exist, this submission
of the Guarantors must fail.

180 The Guarantors’ argument that the terms of the Guarantee did not apply to
the Finance Charges and/or the Late Payment Interests 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

Defence at paras 57(c), 60B.

also did not arise because of my finding that the New Business Model did not
exist and the absence of any pleading that these charges were payable on any
other basis.

Conclusion

181 For the foregoing reasons, I am of the view that the Guarantee is
enforceable and that the Guarantors are liable to Gulf for debts owed by
Petrotec to Gulf in respect of Petrotec’s purchase of fuel oil from Gulf under
the Net-Off Contract.

182 I add that in its closing submissions, Gulf asserted that the Guarantee
was in fact an indemnity. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 119.

This was not pleaded, and in any event I do not consider the argument
sustainable as the Guarantee clearly stated that it involved a “personal[]
guarantee” and nothing else suggests otherwise.

Summary of decisions

183 For the above reasons, since Gulf does not have title to the Surplus Oil,
its claims for a delivery up of the Surplus Oil and/or for damages for
conversion or detinue are dismissed. Instead, Petrotec is to pay Gulf
US$8,123,896.43 as the purchase price of the Surplus Oil. In addition,
Petrotec is to pay Gulf US$3,447,582.87 as the aggregate amount due and owing
under the nine outstanding debit notes. Also, the Guarantors are jointly and
severally liable to pay those two sums to Gulf.

184 Petrotec’s counterclaims for the Payments and for a declaration that the
Guarantee is void and/or unenforceable are dismissed.

185 I will hear the parties on costs.

186 A final comment is due. At the end of the trial, I gave directions for the
Defendants to file and serve written closing submissions by 5.00pm of 21
August 2017, and the plaintiff to do the same by 5.00pm of 11 September 2017.
Submissions were filed belatedly by the Defendants on 4 September 2017. On 5
October 2017, counsel for the plaintiff wrote to court stating that even
though the plaintiff’s closing submissions were (purportedly) due on 25
September 2017, “[the] parties have agreed to an extension of time of three
weeks for the Plaintiff to serve its Closing Submissions”. I should clarify
that while the parties may be agreeable to give each other an extension of
time to make submissions, it is ultimately for the court to decide whether to
abridge

its direction and to grant the extension. In the present case, I was agreeable
to the extension in question but in future the parties should not assume that
the court will agree.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge

Tan Boon Yong Thomas and Ng Wei Long (Haridass Ho & Partners)  
for the plaintiff and defendant in the counterclaim;  
Fu Simin Charmaine and Wong Shi Yi (Ang & Partners)  
for the first to fourth defendants and the plaintiffs in the counterclaim.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

