Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 22

Suit No 1076 of 2016

Between

LEE SWEE CHON  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

KIAT SENG METALS PTE LTD  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Tort] — [Negligence]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Contributory negligence]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lee Swee Chon

  
v

  
Kiat Seng Metals Pte Ltd

[2018] SGHC 22

High Court — Suit No 1076 of 2016  
George Wei J  
27, 28 June 2017, 10 October 2017; 28 November 2017

31 January 2018 Judgment reserved.

George Wei J:

Introduction

1 This is a negligence action arising from a workplace accident in which a
heavy stack of aluminium sheets fell on the plaintiff, Lee Swee Chon (“the
Plaintiff”). As a result of this accident, the Plaintiff suffered injuries to
his left thigh and back. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of claim (“SOC”), para 10, Annexure A; Plaintiff’s closing
submissions, para 11.

2 The present suit was bifurcated and I heard the trial on liability. The
principal issues in dispute are whether the defendant, Kiat Seng Metals Pte
Ltd (“the Defendant”), breached its duty of care as an employer to provide a
safe work environment to the Plaintiff, and whether (and if so, to what
extent) the Plaintiff was contributorily negligent.

Background

Dramatis personae

3 The Defendant is a local company that supplies, delivers and deals with
sheet metal. It operates at and manages a warehouse located at 7030 Ang Mo Kio
Avenue 5 #01-20 Northstar @ AMK Singapore 569880 (“the Site”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC, para 2; Lim’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), para 2.

Lim Gim Oo (“Lim”) is a director of the Defendant who works at the Site. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Lim’s AEIC, para 1.

4 The Plaintiff was employed by the Defendant as a lorry driver and
deliveryman. He was 54 years old at the time of the accident and had been
working in this position for about 15 months. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 3; Plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 2.

5 The Plaintiff had a co-worker, Md Halfizi Bin Hassan (“Hassan”), who had
been employed by the Defendant as a sheet metal (delivery) worker for about
four years prior to the date of the accident. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 3.

6 It appears that aside from Lim, the Defendant had a total of four persons
working at the premises: the Plaintiff, Hassan, and two office assistants. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) Day 2, p 36, lines 2–13.

The accident

7 On 5 December 2014 at about 10am, the Plaintiff and Hassan were scheduled to
leave the Site to make deliveries of aluminium sheets to customers. The
Plaintiff had completed loading his lorry with the aluminium sheets. Hassan
then asked the Plaintiff to help him to retrieve an aluminium sheet from a
stack of aluminium sheets that was leaning horizontally against the wall in an
upright position. The aluminium sheets were about 2.44m in length and 1.22m in
width, and ranged from 3mm to 1cm in thickness. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 4.

Each millimetre in width of a standard-sized aluminium sheet weighed about
8kg. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NE Day 2, p 43, lines 11–15.

In other words, a sheet of 5mm width would weigh about 40kg.

8 The Plaintiff supported the stack of aluminium sheets while Hassan flipped
through the stack looking for a sheet with the dimensions he was looking for.
As Hassan continued to flip through the stack, the weight that was resting on
the Plaintiff increased such that the Plaintiff could no longer support the
aluminium sheets he was supporting. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, paras 5 and 6.

9 The aluminium sheets subsequently fell onto Hassan and the Plaintiff, who
landed on a pallet on the floor beside him. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Lim’s AEIC, para 8.

According to the Plaintiff, the aluminium sheets weighed about one tonne (or
900kg) in total. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 4.

A few warehouse workers in the vicinity heard his cries for help and helped to
lift up the aluminium sheets in order to free him. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 8.

10 The Plaintiff suffered injuries to his left thigh, back and head. He made
his way to Lim’s office to inform him of the accident, and was conveyed to the
hospital for immediate medical attention and treatment. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), paras 8 and 10;
Plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 11.

The present suit

11 On 20 November 2015, the Plaintiff commenced the present negligence action
against the Defendant, seeking:

(a) general damages, including damages for the injuries sustained, pain and
suffering, loss of amenities, loss of future earnings, loss of earning
capacity, and the cost of future medical and transport expenses;

(b) special damages, including medical and transport expenses, and pre-trial
loss of earnings; and

(c) interest, costs and further relief. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC, paras 13–17 and Annexure B.

12 The action was bifurcated and I heard the trial on liability on 27 and 28
June 2017. Only two witnesses, the Plaintiff and Lim, testified.

13 On the first day of trial, I visited the Site to get a more accurate
perspective of the premises and the aluminium sheets in question. This had
been suggested to me by both sides’ counsel as an alternative to bringing a
bulky sample aluminium sheet to court for my viewing. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NE Day 1, pp 19–22.

During my visit of the Site, I was shown the “balance stack” which comprised
loose aluminium sheets of varying thickness, and was leaning against the wall
in the same way as it was prior to the accident. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 19–20.

There were metal clamps installed to hold both sides of the balance stack in
place, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE Day 2, pp 44–46.

but they had to be removed whenever a worker flipped through the balance stack
to search for an aluminium sheet. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE Day 2, pp 50–51.

It is apparent that many aluminium and/or metal sheets were also stored
horizontally (lying flat) on stacked pallets elsewhere at the Site, arranged
according to thickness. It also appears that aluminium sheets that were more
than a certain thickness and accordingly which were especially heavy were
always stored flat on account of their weight.

14 Lim, who was present at the Site along with the Plaintiff and both sides’
counsel, demonstrated how a forklift could be used to provide support so that
individual sheets could be retrieved from the balance stack more safely. In
brief, the forklift could be “parked” in close proximity to the balance stack.
The worker could then flip the aluminium sheets so that they rested or leaned
against the body of the forklift whilst he was searching for the sheet that
was required. The body of the forklift was essentially being used to support
the aluminium sheets. Lim’s evidence was that he had informed the Plaintiff
(and Hassan) that this was the proper way to support the aluminium sheets in
the balance stack during flipping.

15 Although Hassan was slated to testify as a witness for the Defendant on the
second day of the trial, he was unable to attend court as he was hospitalised
in Malaysia. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE Day 2, p 87; NE Day 3, pp 2–5.

A new date was fixed on 10 October 2017 for Hassan to testify. However, Hassan
resigned from the Defendant around August 2017 and could not be contacted by
counsel for the Defendant. I granted the Defendant’s application to withdraw
Hassan as a witness and expunge his affidavit of evidence-in-chief from the
court’s record. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NE Day 3, pp 6–7; Plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 17.

The parties’ cases

16 The principal issues in dispute are whether the Defendant breached its duty
of care as an employer to provide a safe work environment to the Plaintiff,
and whether (and if so, to what extent) the Plaintiff was contributorily
negligent.

17 The Plaintiff submits that the Defendant owed a duty of care as an employer
to take reasonable care for the Plaintiff’s safety. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 51.

As the accident took place in the course of employment, the Plaintiff relies
in part on the Workplace Safety and Health Act (Cap 354A, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the
WSHA”) and the regulations promulgated thereunder to determine the standard of
care required of the Defendant. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, paras 56 and 61.

The Plaintiff submits that the Defendant breached its duty of care to its
employees by storing the balance stack of aluminium sheets in an unsafe manner
and by failing to provide a safety rack to store the loose sheets. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, paras 70–78.

The Plaintiff argues that the accident and the injuries to the Plaintiff were
foreseeable on the Defendant’s part. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 53.

The Plaintiff further argues that the Defendant breached its duty of care as
an occupier of the Site, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 69.

and that the Defendant is vicariously liable for the negligence of Lim and
Hassan. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, paras 86–100.

18 In response, the Defendant takes the position that it did not breach its
duty of care owed to the Plaintiff. Lim testified that its employees had been
clearly instructed to use a forklift to support the weight of the balance
stack when flipping through it to look for aluminium sheets, and not to use
their bare hands to support the weight of the sheets. The Defendant further
contends that the use of a safety rack was impractical especially given the
size of the aluminium sheets in question, and that the use of such safety
racks is not common industry practice. Even if it is found to be negligent,
the Defendant argues that the Plaintiff was contributorily negligent, such
that the amount of damages recoverable is to be reduced according to the
Plaintiff’s responsibility for the damage. In the Defendant’s view, an
ordinary prudent person who was well aware of the weight of the stack and with
the Plaintiff’s experience would not have attempted to support the aluminium
sheets with his bare hands. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendant’s closing submissions, para 87.

19 I note that the parties were in dispute as to several factual points such
as whether it was Lim or an office girl employed by the Defendant who had
asked Hassan to retrieve the aluminium sheet he was looking for, and the total
weight of the aluminium sheets that had fallen on the Plaintiff. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 31(a).

However, I do not find these points to be of much significance to the trial on
liability. I simply note that I accept that although Lim was not the one who
had asked Hassan to retrieve the aluminium sheet in question, Hassan had done
so as part of his work for the Defendant. I also accept that that a
significant weight had fallen on the Plaintiff such as to cause his injuries.
Although it appears that the stack would indeed weigh about a tonne or 900kg,
not all of this weight fell squarely onto the Plaintiff’s body. The aluminium
sheets were partly in contact with the ground. It would thus be difficult to
determine the exact weight that fell on the Plaintiff, or the force or
pressure exerted upon him. In any event, this is not an issue that is of much
relevance to the present analysis.

Whether the Defendant was negligent

20 I shall begin with the main question of whether the Defendant was
negligent. As I have stated in Chen Qiangshi v Hong Fei CDY Construction Pte
Ltd and another [2014] SGHC 177 (“Chen Qiangshi”) at [125], the four-fold test
for negligence is trite: (a) the defendant must have owed the claimant a duty
of care; (b) the defendant’s conduct must have breached the duty of care by
falling below the requisite standard of care; (c) the claimant must have
suffered loss; and (d) the defendant’s breach of duty must have been a cause
of the claimant’s loss. The framework of the WSHA and its accompanying
regulations intersects with the tort of negligence at the first two stages of
this inquiry. I will elaborate on this shortly.

Duty of care

21 The Defendant does not dispute that it owed a duty of care to the
Plaintiff. Indeed, the law places on an employer the obligation to take
reasonable care for its employees’ safety, and the employee is entitled to
expect that his employer has taken reasonable care in evaluating all safety
issues before work commences (Chandran a/l Subbiah v Dockers Marine Pte Ltd
(Owners of the Ship or Vessel “Tasman Mariner”, third party) [2010] 1 SLR 786
at [19]). There is no doubt that the damage suffered by the Plaintiff was
foreseeable by the Defendant, and that there was a sufficient relationship of
proximity for the Defendant to owe the Plaintiff a duty of care by virtue of
the employment relationship that existed (see Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd
v Defence Science & Technology Agency [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 at [26] and [73]).

The WSHA framework

22 Although s 60(1)(a) of the WSHA provides that the WSHA is not to be
construed as conferring a right of action in any civil proceedings in respect
of any contravention, the WSHA framework is nonetheless relevant in
ascertaining the appropriate standard of care expected of the Defendant
(Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd v Moh Seng Cranes Pte Ltd and others [2014] 2 SLR
360 at [43]; Chen Qiangshi at [132]). The standard of care is the general
objective standard of a reasonable person using ordinary care and skill, and
industry standards and practice are indicative of this standard (Chen Qiangshi
at [132]).

23 Regulation 24 of the Workplace Safety and Health (General Provisions)
Regulations (GN No S 134 of 2006, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the General Provisions
Regulations”) provides:

Storage of goods

24.—(1) All goods, articles and substances which are stored, stacked or placed
in a workplace shall be stored, stacked or placed…

(d) in such manner, and using such supporting structures as may be necessary,
as to ensure the stability, and to prevent the collapse, of the goods,
articles or substances.

24 More generally, reg 4 of the Workplace Safety and Health (Risk Management)
Regulations (GN No S 141 of 2006, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the Risk Management
Regulations”) provides:

Elimination and control of risk

4.—(1) In every workplace, the employer, self-employed person and principal
shall take all reasonably practicable steps to eliminate any foreseeable risk
to any person who may be affected by his undertaking in the workplace.

(2) Where it is not reasonably practicable to eliminate the risk referred to
in paragraph (1), the employer, self-employed person or principal shall
implement —

(a) such reasonably practicable measures to minimise the risk; and

(b) such safe work procedures to control the risk…

25 These regulations are relevant to the determination of the appropriate
standard of care expected of the Defendant, and whether the Defendant breached
its duty of care to the Plaintiff.

Breach of the duty of care

26 Having considered the facts and circumstances of this case, I find that the
Defendant’s conduct did indeed fall below the requisite standard of care with
respect to the safety of its employees. It was clearly unsafe for the balance
stack of aluminium sheets to be leaned against the wall in such a manner,
without any supporting structure or rack that could prevent or minimise the
likelihood of an accident occurring while an individual sheet was being
retrieved. This is especially so as the aluminium sheet required might be
found in the middle of the stack or indeed it could be one of the last sheets
in the stack. The sheets were heavy and bulky, and their weight would
certainly (in the sense that it was reasonably foreseeable) overwhelm a worker
trying to support too many sheets with just his bare hands or body. The
parties did not dispute that the function of the metal clamps present at the
time of the accident (see [13] above) was not to prevent the stack from
falling while someone was flipping through the stack. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NE Day 2, p 50.

The clamps were simply used to hold the aluminium sheets in place as they
leaned against the wall as described at [7] and [13] above.

27 I agree with the Plaintiff that a safety rack designed to hold and support
the aluminium sheets when stored and when individual sheets were being
retrieved would have been a much safer way to store the loose aluminium
sheets. Although Lim was sceptical about the practicality and effectiveness of
the safety rack envisioned by the Plaintiff, which had a front bar to prevent
upright sheets from toppling forward and to provide support, he conceded that
it would at least have been possible to design and weld other more effective
safety racks. For instance, a rack could store the sheets by placing them
flat, much like the other sheets that were placed flat and horizontally on the
pallets at the Site. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE Day 2, pp 64–66.

Alternatively, Lim suggested the possibility of designing a rack with a
movable arm that could go up and down to lock the sheets in place. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE Day 2, p 85.

28 I also have doubts that using an “upright” safety rack with frontal support
as envisioned by the Plaintiff would be ineffective in reducing the risk of
accidents, let alone more dangerous as Lim suggested at trial. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE Day 2, p 64.

It is not a sufficient reason that such a safety rack might require two
workers instead of one to retrieve a sheet, and that such labour requirements
would be too intensive for the Defendant’s small scale of operations. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

See NE Day 2, p 65; Defendant’s closing submissions at para 37.

Lim’s concern that workers would suffer cuts on their hands when retrieving
sheets 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE Day 2, p 64.

can be easily mitigated by requiring workers to wear gloves or to use a tool
such as a spanner or tongs to grip and pull out the required sheet 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defendant’s bundle of documents, p 3.

, which has always been the practice according to the Defendant. In any case,
even if a worker used the method demonstrated by Lim, a worker might still
suffer cuts to his hands from the edges of the aluminium sheets as he flipped
through the stack and extracted the required sheet. In any case, it does not
appear to me that it would have been too cost-prohibitive for the Defendant to
have acquired or designed or customised and welded a rack to fit its needs,
especially given that this concerned the safety of its employees. Indeed, I
note that there are many manufacturers and suppliers of racks and support
stands for metal sheets in Singapore. Indeed, on the first day of the hearing,
photographs of safety racks were introduced by the Plaintiff without objection
from Defence counsel. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE Day 1, pp 6–7.

There is no doubt that safety racks do exist for holding metal sheets that
facilitate the flipping of panels.

29 The Defendant contends that it had clearly and repeatedly instructed the
Plaintiff to use a forklift as support when flipping through the balance stack
to retrieve aluminium sheets. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Lim’s AEIC, para 15.

As mentioned earlier, this was demonstrated to me during my visit of the Site.
This entailed a worker driving the forklift to the front of the balance stack,
and then flipping aluminium sheets onto the side of the forklift’s body.
Essentially, any sufficiently sturdy object, such as a forklift or a bar of a
safety rack, could fulfil this function.

30 Although I accept that it is possible to use a forklift in such a “creative
manner” and that the Plaintiff was aware that this method would have been much
safer than using his hands or body to support the weight of the sheets, this
nonetheless struck me as being a rather makeshift and temporary way of
addressing the problem. It does not seem to me that it is accepted practice to
use the body of the forklift to provide support for heavy objects to lean on
or against. Indeed, the Plaintiff testified that he had not been taught this
during his forklift operator course. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE Day 2, pp 4–5.

31 Most importantly, despite its instructions, the Defendant must have
expected or foreseen that its employees might be tempted, especially when
facing time pressures to get their deliveries ready, to avoid going through
the process of finding a forklift and driving the forklift over so that it
could be used as support whilst the worker tried to find and retrieve a sheet
from the balance stack. Indeed, whilst it is accepted that there was a
forklift at the premises, it is unclear whether the forklift was nearby at the
time. Even though Lim’s evidence was that he did not know exactly when the
drivers would set off to make deliveries after loading the lorries, there is
little doubt that it was important that deliveries left the premises on time
to reach customers. As the Court of Appeal articulated in Parno v SC Marine
Pte Ltd [1993] 3 SLR(R) 377 (“Parno”) at [46], “[i]n devising a safe system,
the employer should be aware that workmen are often careless for their own
safety, and his system must, as far as possible, reduce the effects of an
employee’s own carelessness”. It is upon employers such as the Defendant to
ensure that they have taken all reasonable care to prevent accidents, even
ones that could arise in part due to their employees’ lack of caution.

32 In the context of the WSHA framework, the Defendant’s failure to have a
proper safety rack/structure or work procedures in place to safely store and
support the balance aluminium sheets amounts to a breach of reg 24(1)(d) of
the General Provisions Regulations, under which the sheets should have been
“stored, stacked or placed... in such manner, and using such supporting
structures as may be necessary, to ensure [their] stability, and to prevent
[their] collapse”. It also amounts to a breach of the Defendant’s duty to
“take all reasonably practicable steps” to eliminate or minimise “any
foreseeable risk” under reg 4 of the Risk Management Regulations.

33 More broadly, the Defendant’s conduct fell below the standard of reasonable
care for its employees’ safety. As there is no dispute that the Plaintiff
suffered injuries that were caused by the accident, I find that all of the
elements of the Plaintiff’s negligence claim have been met.

34 Although the Plaintiff raised the issues of the Defendant’s liability as an
occupier of the site and its vicarious liability over purportedly negligent
acts by Hassan and/or Lim, I note that the parties’ submissions focused mainly
on the Defendant’s duty to the Plaintiff as his employer. As I have found the
existence and breach of a duty of care on the latter basis, there is no need
for me to consider the parties’ cases on occupier’s liability and vicarious
liability. In any case, it is undisputed that Lim is a director of the
Defendant. It is also clear that Lim was the supervisor at the premises. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE Day 2, p 31, lines 12–14.

Whether and to what extent the Plaintiff was contributorily negligent

Relevant law

35 Having found the Defendant negligent in failing to take adequate
precautions to ensure the safety of the Plaintiff, the inquiry now shifts to
whether the Plaintiff was contributorily negligent, or in other words, whether
the damages recoverable by the Plaintiff should be reduced according to the
Plaintiff’s responsibility for his loss.

36 The law on contributory negligence is clear and not in dispute.
Contributory negligence is a statutory concept encapsulated in s 3(1) of the
Contributory Negligence and Personal Injuries Act (Cap 54, 2002 Rev Ed), which
provides:

Apportionment of liability in case of contributory negligence

3.—(1) Where any person suffers damage as the result partly of his own fault
and partly of the fault of any other person or persons, a claim in respect of
that damage shall not be defeated by reason of the fault of the person
suffering the damage, but the damages recoverable in respect thereof shall be
reduced to such extent as the court thinks just and equitable having regard to
the claimant’s share in the responsibility for the damage.

37 In other words, contributory negligence provides a partial defence to a
defendant who has been found negligent by reducing the quantum of damages
payable to a claimant who has failed to take due care for his own safety and
thus caused loss to himself (Asnah bte Ab Rahman v Li Jianlin [2016] 2 SLR 944
(“Asnah”) at [18]). As the Court of Appeal further stated in Asnah, “[a]
person is guilty of contributory negligence if he ought to have objectively
foreseen that his failure to act prudently could result in hurting himself and
failed to take reasonable measures to guard against that foreseeable harm” (at
[18]).

38 As with the standard of care in negligence, the standard expected of the
claimant is measured against a person of ordinary prudence (Asnah at [20]).
There is no need for the defendant to show that a claimant has breached a
legal duty of care, as is necessary in a claim for negligence (Asnah at [19];
Chen Qiangshi at [204]). The defendant must nonetheless show that the claimant
owes himself a duty to take care of his own safety in the prevailing
circumstances of the case (Asnah at [19]).

Cases cited

39 The parties cited a number of cases on contributory negligence in the
context of workplace accidents in their written submissions, and I will
briefly examine them here.

40 The Defendant cited Sim Cheng Soon v BT Engineering Pte Ltd and another
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 148 (“Sim Cheng Soon”). The appellant in that case was an
experienced welder who suffered injuries after falling through an uncovered
and unfenced opening in a working platform. The Court of Appeal held that the
respondents were liable in negligence, but also found that the appellant was
contributorily negligent in failing to observe the ordinary care which an
ordinary prudent person would have taken for his own safety. The Court of
Appeal observed that the immediate cause of the accident was the appellant’s
failure to look at where he was going (at [40]). There was enough natural
lighting and the appellant was familiar with the layout of the area (at [39]).
The appellant was thus held to have been more blameworthy than the respondents
as employer and occupier of the site, and the Court of Appeal apportioned
liability at 40% to the respondents and 60% to the appellant by way of
contributory negligence (at [40]).

41 Next, the Defendant cited Parno, a case in which the appellant was an
experienced rigger who had been tasked to monitor the condition of a piling
hammer. Upon noticing that a pin on the hammer had come loose, the appellant
sought to rectify the situation by approaching the hammer to replace the pin.
While he was doing so, his co-workers lowered a heavy piece of equipment and
struck him. It was not disputed that the appellant knew that he should not
have approached the hammer before the starter had come down. The Court of
Appeal found the respondent negligent due to, inter alia, the defective system
of communication that the respondent had in place, inadequate instructions
given to and supervision of the appellant, and inadequate inspection and
maintenance of the piling machinery (at [49]–[55]).

42 While the trial judge in Parno had apportioned the responsibility in the
proportion of 75:25 in favour of the respondent, the Court of Appeal
reapportioned liability in the proportion of one-third to the appellant and
two-thirds to the respondent (at [71]). The Court of Appeal found that the
trial judge had significantly underestimated the degree of negligence on the
respondent’s part while substantially misjudging the degree of blame on the
appellant’s part when there was no “deliberate act of folly” but “only a
momentary lapse” on his part (at [65] and [70]). The Court of Appeal
reiterated the following at [66]:

In any event, it should be borne in mind that it was the respondent’s
defective work system which provided the setting for the occurrence of the
accident in the first place. The whole object of the law imposing a duty on
employers to provide a safe system of work is precisely to protect an employee
from his own inadvertence or carelessness.

43 The Defendant also cited two cases for the proposition that the courts have
generally apportioned liability equally in situations where the relative
blameworthiness of the parties is uncertain:

(a) Xu Ren Li v Nakano Singapore (Pte) Ltd [2012] 1 SLR 729 (“Xu Ren Li”) was
an appeal against a District Court decision in which the appellant was a
construction worker employed by the respondent. The appellant was using a
staircase in an uncompleted building when he lost his balance and fell. Chan
Sek Keong CJ observed that the appellant had used the staircases in the
building many times in the course of his work and ought to have been aware
that they were in an incomplete state of construction and that there was
minimal lighting at the staircases. Instead, the appellant had rushed down the
stairs. However, “it was difficult to determine which party was more at fault”
based on the limited evidence available, and Chan CJ apportioned liability
equally between the parties.

(b) In See Toh Siew Kee v Ho Ah Lam Ferrocement (Pte) Ltd and others [2013] 3
SLR 284 (“See Toh Siew Kee”), the appellant was a service engineer who was
injured by a crane barge’s fouled mooring wire. The Court of Appeal found that
the combined negligence of the plaintiff and the third respondent had
contributed to the accident, but was unable to say which party was more
culpable. V K Rajah JA remarked at [111] that the actions of these two parties
were “causae sine quibus non – in other words, the accident would not have
happened but for the actions of both.” The Court of Appeal apportioned
liability equally between the plaintiff and the third respondent.

44 The Plaintiff cited the following cases in which the courts held the
respective defendants fully liable in negligence:

(a) Liu Yong Tao v Rich Construction Pte Ltd formerly known as China
Construction Builders Pte Ltd [2011] SGDC 207 (“Liu Yong Tao”) was a District
Court decision in which the plaintiff was a construction worker who had been
employed by the defendant. The plaintiff was injured after his co-worker
accidentally knocked him, causing a metal plank which the plaintiff was
carrying to drop onto his left hand. The defendant argued that the plaintiff
had been contributorily negligent by failing to grip the metal formwork
properly according to safety procedures, but failed to adduce any evidence to
support this allegation (at [11]). The court thus found the defendant fully
liable (at [21]).

(b) In Soon Pook Seng Arthur v Oceaneering International Sdn Bhd [1993] 2
SLR(R) 518 (“Arthur Soon”), the plaintiff and his co-workers were moving a
cabinet using trolleys when one of the trolley’s wheels got stuck. While the
plaintiff was investigating the cause, one or more of his co-workers withdrew
support of the cabinet which fell onto the plaintiff. G P Selvam JC (as he
then was) held that the withdrawal of support without regard to the
plaintiff’s safety was a negligent act which caused injury to the plaintiff,
and held the defendant solely liable (at [26]).

45 Finally, in Chen Qiangshi, the plaintiff was an experienced rebar
construction worker who was severely injured when an incorrectly-positioned
and improperly-rigged rebar cage collapsed on him as it was about to be lifted
by a tower crane. The plaintiff was found to have rigged up the rebar cage in
an improper and unsafe manner, and to have released the remaining wire ties
holding the rebar cage (at [207]). The Court of Appeal affirmed these findings
of fact and the finding of negligence against the defendants, but adjusted the
plaintiff’s share of liability for contributory negligence from 50% to 20%.

46 Although the Court of Appeal in the Chen Qiangshi case did not issue any
written grounds, it noted three factors for this adjustment at the hearing.
The first two factors were specific to the facts of the case – that the rigger
must have appreciated that the rebar cage had not been properly done, and that
it was known to everyone that the plaintiff was not a qualified rigger and
should not have been asked to do the rigging in the first place. Finally, the
Court of Appeal observed: 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE of hearing on 10 March 2015 in Civil Appeal No 161 of 2014.

The third factor is that there is a particular obligation on the contractors
having control of the site to establish and maintain systems to ensure
workplace safety and health. Hence, even accepting that the plaintiff was
contributorily negligent in failing to take adequate precautions in his own
interest, we would tend to moderate the reduction of damages in such
circumstances in order to underscore the primary responsibility that is on the
defendants in this case.

My findings on contributory negligence

47 First, I find that there was clearly contributory negligence on the
Plaintiff’s part. I accept Lim’s evidence that he had previously instructed
the Plaintiff clearly to use the forklift method when retrieving sheets from
the balance stack. During cross-examination, the Plaintiff confirmed that “the
boss” would usually drive over the forklift to support the panels and ask the
Plaintiff to help. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NE Day 1, p 18, lines 6–9.

Despite being aware of the risk involved in using his hands and body to
support the balance stack while Hassan flipped through it, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NE Day 2, p 18.

the Plaintiff nevertheless did so. The Plaintiff had also never raised the
need for a safety rack or an alternative to the forklift method to the
Defendant prior to the accident. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE Day 2, p 18, lines 9–11.

The Plaintiff therefore failed to take due care of his own safety and must be
partly responsible for his own loss. The present circumstances are easily
distinguished from Liu Yong Tao and Arthur Soon cited by the Plaintiff (see
[44] above), where there was no evidence of any carelessness on the respective
claimants’ parts.

48 I also place little reliance on Xu Ren Li and See Toh Siew Kee cited by the
Defendant, in which liability was apportioned equally between the respective
claimants and defendants due to the uncertainty surrounding the relative
blameworthiness of the parties (see [43] above). There is no substantial
question here as to the evidence regarding each party’s responsibility for the
accident. As such, I find it appropriate in these circumstances to
specifically determine the parties’ respective shares of liability.

49 Although the accident would not have happened but for the Plaintiff’s and
Hassan’s failure to support the balance stack in a safe way, I nonetheless
bear in mind that, as was similarly observed by the Court of Appeal in Parno
at [66], it was the Defendant’s work system which provided the setting for the
occurrence of the accident in the first place. I reiterate the Court of
Appeal’s remarks that “[t]he whole object of the law imposing a duty on
employers to provide a safe system of work is precisely to protect an employee
from his own inadvertence or carelessness.” Similarly, the Court of Appeal
when hearing the appeal of Chen Qiangshi stated that “even accepting that the
plaintiff was contributorily negligent in failing to take adequate precautions
in his own interest, we would tend to moderate the reduction of damages in
such circumstances in order to underscore the primary responsibility that is
on the defendants” (see [46] above).

50 Taking all the facts and circumstances into account, I find it appropriate
to apportion a 65% share of the liability to the Defendant, and 35% to the
Plaintiff in contributory negligence. In my view, such an apportionment of
liability appropriately underscores the primary responsibility that is on the
Defendant to maintain safe working conditions for its employees, while
recognising the Plaintiff’s culpability and carelessness in adopting an unsafe
method to retrieve the aluminium sheet.

Conclusion

51 I find the Defendant liable in negligence to the Plaintiff for the damage
arising from the accident. I also find that a reduction in liability is
appropriate due to the Plaintiff’s contributory negligence. The Defendant is
to bear 65% of the loss and damage suffered by the Plaintiff as a consequence
of the accident.

52 The costs of these proceedings are to be agreed or taxed.

George Wei  
Judge

Han Hean Juan (Hoh Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;  
Eu Hai Meng and Lee Jia En Gloria (United Legal Alliance LLC) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

