Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 08

Originating Summons No 1159 of 2017

Between

SCK SERIJADI SDN BHD  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

ARTISON INTERIOR PTE LTD  
---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil procedure] — [Stay of proceedings] — [Effect of service of garnishee
order nisi]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
SCK Serijadi Sdn Bhd

  

v

  

Artison Interior Pte Ltd

[2018] SGHC 08

High Court — Originating Summons No 1159 of 2017  
Tan Siong Thye J  
23 November 2017

9 January 2018

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 In this Originating Summons No 1159 of 2017 (“OS 1159”), the plaintiff, SCK
Serijadi Sdn Bhd, applied to the court under s 299(2) of the Companies Act
(Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) to lift the stay of proceedings that had been imposed on
the garnishee order nisi by the commencement of the winding-up of the
defendant, Artison Interior Pte Ltd. After hearing the parties’ submissions, I
dismissed the plaintiff’s application in part. The plaintiff has filed an
appeal against my decision. I now give my reasons.

Background facts

2 The plaintiff had obtained judgment against the defendant in DC Suit No 286
of 2015 (“DC Suit 286”) on 27 June 2017. As judgment creditor, the plaintiff
filed its bill of costs for DC Suit 286 on 28 August 2017 and commenced two
garnishee proceedings on 12 and 27 September 2017 respectively and obtained
garnishee orders nisi. The garnishee orders were served on the garnishee on 15
September and 2 October 2017 respectively. Before the garnishee show cause
proceedings could be heard, the defendant was placed under creditors’
voluntary winding-up on 5 October 2017. The garnishee show cause proceedings
were adjourned on 10 October 2017.

3 On 11 October 2017, the plaintiff filed OS 1159 seeking to lift the stay of
proceedings against the defendant (which operates automatically upon the
commencement of the defendant’s winding-up) in relation to (a) the garnishee
proceedings and (b) taxation of the plaintiff’s bill of costs in DC Suit 286.

Issues

4 At the hearing before me, the defendant informed the court that it was not
objecting to the plaintiff’s bill of costs being taxed for the purposes of
submitting the claim before the liquidator. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defendant’s submissions, p 3.

Hence, the sole issue before me was whether the stay of proceedings should be
lifted under s 299 of the Companies Act to allow the garnishee proceedings to
continue.

My decision

The relevant provisions of the Companies Act

5 Section 299 of the Companies Act spells out the effect of a creditors’
voluntary winding-up:

Property and proceedings

299.—(1) Any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution put in force
against the estate or effects of the company after the commencement of a
creditors’ voluntary winding up shall be void.

(2) After the commencement of the winding up no action or proceeding shall be
proceeded with or commenced against the company except by leave of the Court
and subject to such terms as the Court imposes.

6 Under s 299(2), the plaintiff’s garnishee proceedings cannot be “proceeded
with” even though they have already been commenced before the winding-up
action, unless the plaintiff obtains the court’s leave to do so.

7 Section 334 of the Companies Act further provides for the restrictions on a
creditor’s right of execution or attachment in the case of a winding-up:

Restriction of rights of creditor as to execution or attachment

334.—(1) Where a creditor has issued execution against the goods or land of a
company or has attached any debt due to the company and the company is
subsequently wound up, he shall not be entitled to retain the benefit of the
execution or attachment against the liquidator unless he has completed the
execution or attachment before the date of the commencement of the winding up,
but –

…

(c) the rights conferred by this subsection on the liquidator may be set aside
by the Court in favour of the creditor to such extent and subject to such
terms as the Court thinks fit.

8 When these two provisions are read together, they establish the default
position that upon a company’s creditors’ voluntary winding-up, all
proceedings against it – even those which have already been commenced – are
stayed. Creditors cannot retain the benefit of any attachment of debt or
execution against goods or land of the company that was commenced before the
winding-up proceedings unless it was completed before that date. Any inchoate
attachment or execution actions against the company are therefore void. The
only exception is where relief is obtained from the court under ss 299(2) and
334(1)(c) of the Companies Act.

9 The plaintiff urged the court to grant the aforesaid relief as it had
already served the garnishee orders nisi on the garnishee (and the defendant)
prior to the commencement of the winding-up. Thus, the plaintiff argued that
it was a secured creditor and was not subject to the insolvency regime. On the
other hand, the defendant submitted that the plaintiff, even though it had
served the garnishee orders nisi on the garnishee and defendant before the
winding-up action, was nonetheless subject to the same regime as the other
creditors. The defendant relied solely on the Court of Appeal’s decision in
Transbilt Engineering Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Finebuild Systems Pte Ltd
[2005] 3 SLR(R) 550 (“Transbilt”) 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

DBOA, pp 3–7.

and submitted that Transbilt applied as it was on all fours with the present
case. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Transcript, p 36, line 3.

In response, the plaintiff submitted that this court was not bound by
Transbilt, as the inquiry under s 299 involves an exercise of the court’s
discretion, and that in any case, the Court of Appeal in Transbilt did not
consider the argument that the holder of the garnishee order nisi had become a
secured creditor by virtue of having served the order on the garnishee. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Transcript, p 33, lines 21–26.

10 I disagreed with the plaintiff and dismissed its application. I shall
explain my decision in two parts. First, I shall discuss Transbilt and its
effect on this case. Second, I shall explain why I did not agree with the
plaintiff’s contention that it had become a secured creditor that had escaped
ss 299 and 334 by virtue of having served the garnishee orders nisi on the
garnishee.

The Court of Appeal decision in Transbilt

11 Transbilt is not materially distinguishable from the present case. It is a
decision of the Court of Appeal and on the principle of stare decisis this
court is bound to follow it. In that case, the respondent obtained a garnishee
order nisi against the appellant prior to the latter’s winding-up. Before the
show cause hearing could take place, the appellant commenced a creditors’
voluntary winding-up. The respondent applied to the High Court for relief
under s 334(1)(c) of the Companies Act, seeking to set aside the liquidator’s
rights so that the attachment of the garnishee order could be completed.

12 The High Court granted the application and the appellant appealed. The
Court of Appeal allowed the appeal and restored the stay. In doing so, the
Court of Appeal held that s 334(1) was intended to provide a clear path for a
liquidator to perform his tasks. In order to do so, the section expressly
provides that any inchoate execution and attachment would be nullified such
that the executing creditor would not be able to reap the benefit of the
execution or attachment. This would prevent the provision from being
“substantially weakened and itself nullified”. The provision was also
necessary to prevent any disorganised or unfair rush by creditors to put
assets of the company beyond the liquidator’s control (at [2]).

13 Because of these policy considerations, the Court of Appeal held that the
judgment creditor would need to show inequitable behaviour on the part of the
company in order to obtain relief from the court. However, it was not
necessary for the judgment creditor to show fraud or trickery in order to
obtain relief. One example that the Court of Appeal cited where inequity was
present without fraud or trickery was the English case of Re Grosvenor Metal
Co. Ltd [1949] 2 All ER 948, where the stay was lifted because the company had
made certain representations to the judgment creditor to stall the execution
against its assets.

14 The Court of Appeal found that such inequity was the “substantial ground”
upon which the court would exercise its discretion. On the facts of Transbilt,
the Court of Appeal found that there was no inequity (at [3]), and as such it
reversed the High Court’s decision. The Court of Appeal further noted that the
High Court had placed great emphasis on whether the stay was lifted would make
very little difference to the financial positions of the other creditors, as
the garnishee order was for a relatively small sum. The Court of Appeal
disagreed that this should be the only factor underpinning the court’s
discretion. Rather, such concerns should be regarded as “peripheral and
additional considerations” which would only be considered after the more
substantial ground of inequity has been established (at [3]).

15 Applying the approach of the Court of Appeal to the present case, I found
that there was no inequitable behaviour on the part of the defendant and
indeed the plaintiff did not suggest that there was any. The plaintiff’s only
ground of contention was that it had become a secured creditor by reason of
serving the garnishee order nisi, a point that I shall turn to subsequently.
Prima facie, applying Transbilt, there was no reason for me to grant the
plaintiff’s application.

16 Even the “peripheral and additional considerations” of the other creditors’
positions work against the plaintiff in this case, making it an even weaker
case than Transbilt (where lifting the stay made little to no difference to
the creditors’ financial positions). In this case, as the defendant’s counsel
pointed out during the course of the hearing, the total realisable assets of
the defendant amounted to $291,961 and the amount available for unsecured
creditors was only $218,361. In contrast, the amount claimed by the plaintiff
was $250,000. Allowing the plaintiff to continue its claim in these
circumstances would substantially reduce the amount remaining for the
defendant’s other creditors – ten unsecured and three secured. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Transcript, p 35, lines 3–11.

This would not only provide no “clear path” for the liquidator to perform his
tasks, but would also tend to encourage a “disorganised or unfair rush” by
creditors to put themselves above the other remaining creditors.

17 In the face of the Court of Appeal’s decision in Transbilt, which was on
all fours with the present case, the plaintiff argued that the court in
Transbilt had exercised its discretion on the facts of that particular case.
The plaintiff’s counsel further submitted that if the cases cited in his
submissions were brought to the attention of the Court of Appeal in Transbilt,
it might have come to a different decision. I therefore now turn to these
cases and address whether the plaintiff was a secured creditor that
distinguished it from the judgment creditor in Transbilt.

Whether the plaintiff was a secured creditor such that it is distinguished
from the judgment creditor in Transbilt

18 I shall first deal with the issue of the legal status of the plaintiff
before turning to address the cases that the plaintiff cited in support of its
proposition that it had become a secured creditor upon service of the
garnishee order nisi.

19 The plaintiff had obtained garnishee orders nisi that it served on the
defendant before the creditors’ voluntary winding-up had commenced. The
plaintiff acknowledged that a judgment creditor was not a secured creditor, as
a judgment creditor would not have a mortgage, charge or lien over the
property of the defendant. However, the plaintiff submitted that when the
garnishee orders nisi were served on the defendant, the plaintiff obtained an
equitable charge over the garnishee’s debt owed to the defendant for the
amount of the judgment debt. The effect of this equitable charge was that the
garnishee could not dispose of its properties that would be used to satisfy
the debt without a court order. The plaintiff submitted that this equitable
charge had the effect of changing the plaintiff’s legal status from an
unsecured judgment creditor into a secured creditor.

20 I rejected the plaintiff’s argument that the service of a garnishee order
nisi could transform the plaintiff into a secured creditor, even though I
accepted that it gave the plaintiff an equitable charge. In a typical
situation of a secured creditor, the debt-creating instrument simultaneously
imposes a mortgage, charge or lien over the property of the borrower. However,
as the equitable charge was only created upon service of the garnishee order
nisi upon the defendant (and the garnishee), I would not consider the
plaintiff to be given all the rights of a secured creditor upon creation of
this equitable charge. Rather, the equitable charge only conferred on the
plaintiff (who was only a judgment creditor) an interest for the limited
purpose of preventing the garnishee order nisi from being frustrated pending
its final order upon the show-cause hearing.

21 The plaintiff’s argument, that it was a secured creditor, had arguably also
been mounted in Transbilt on appeal. In Transbilt, the respondent (who was the
judgment creditor) submitted that it “should not be regarded as any other
general creditor because it had an execution order nisi” (at [4]). While the
Court of Appeal did not expressly state whether the garnishee order nisi had
been served on the garnishee, this appears to be the case because the
garnishee “notified the respondent that it was indebted to the appellant” on
31 May 2004, which is prior to when the appellant’s creditors wound it up on
10 June 2004 (although the commencement of the winding-up was deemed to have
taken place on 31 May 2004 by virtue of s 291(6)(a) of the Companies Act)(see
Transbilt at [1]). The Court of Appeal stated that the distinction the
respondent hoped to draw between itself and all other creditors was “not
correct in principle” because at the onset of liquidation, all creditors are
placed on the same footing. The creditor who has not completed his execution
or attachment is not part of an exception but rather part of the rule set out
in s 334(1) (Transbilt at [4]). The editors of Singapore Civil Procedure 2017
vol I (Foo Chee Hock JC gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2017) similarly noted that
even if a creditor has attached a debt due to him, he will not be able to
retain the benefit of that attachment unless he is able to complete execution
of his order before the commencement of the winding-up (at para 49/1/38).

22 Indeed, in the case of winding-up actions, Parliament has clearly intended
for ss 299 and 334 of the Companies Act to apply to both secured and unsecured
creditors. These provisions set a level playing field for creditors and ensure
that the limited assets of the company under liquidation are not dissipated by
creditors through creative uses of purported legal remedies at the expense of
other creditors. It is the function of the liquidator, and not the creditors
acting for their own self-serving ends, to advance the interests of all the
creditors as a whole by treating them fairly. The autonomy of the liquidator
should be respected so that he can function effectively and the court should
only intervene in limited instances to correct inequity or unfairness. These
policy concerns were also alluded to by the Court of Appeal in Transbilt (at
[4]–[5]) and I agreed fully with these concerns.

23 Accordingly, given the Court of Appeal’s decision in Transbilt and the
relevant policy concerns, I rejected the plaintiff’s submissions that the
service of the garnishee order nisi made it a secured creditor and took it
outside the regime imposed to level the playing field amongst creditors,
subject to the liquidator’s power to distribute the company’s assets fairly
amongst creditors, having regard to the securities that they hold and the
debts that they were owed.

Cases cited by the plaintiff

24 I shall now deal with the cases that the plaintiff cited in support of its
argument. I did not agree with the plaintiff’s submissions that if the Court
of Appeal in Transbilt had been referred to those cases, it might have come to
a different conclusion.

25 Many of the cases cited by the plaintiff did not deal directly with the
issue of the effect of garnishee orders in winding-up proceedings:

(a) In Korea Asset Management Corp v Daewoo Singapore Pte Ltd (in liquidation)
[2004] 1 SLR(R) 671, the court dealt with the principles of compulsory
winding-up when the company was undergoing a creditors’ voluntary winding-up.
By way of obiter dicta the court noted that the rights of a secured creditor
should not eventually be fettered by the insolvency proceedings (at [49]).
This dictum did not assist me in deciding whether the plaintiff in this case
was such a secured creditor and whether there was inequity such that the
distribution of assets should not be left to the liquidator and that the court
should intervene instead.

(b) In Power Knight Pte Ltd v Natural Fuel Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation)
and others [2010] 3 SLR 82, there was a competing claim between a debenture
holder who was granted a fixed charge over the company’s property and the
company’s liquidators who lodged a caveat claiming an interest over the
property. The court noted in obiter that assets encumbered by a valid security
interest were not available for distribution among a company’s unsecured
creditors upon the winding up of the company (see [30], [38] and [40]).
Sections 299 and 334 of the Companies Act were not referred to. Hence, this
case did not assist this court as to the principles to apply in the context of
these sections.

(c) In the case of In re Aro Co Ltd [1980] 2 WLR 453, the issue related to the
arrest of a ship and whether the jurisdiction of the admiralty court had been
invoked. The English Court of Appeal noted in obiter that a secured creditor
could justly claim that he is independent of the liquidation as he was
enforcing a right to his own property and not to the company’s property.
However, the court noted that s 228 of the UK Companies Act 1948 (which
corresponds to s 299 of our Companies Act) “appl[ies] to secured as well as to
unsecured creditors” (at 458). The court then went on to confirm that leave
would not be granted to proceed unless there were “special reasons” to do so
(at 459). This is in accordance with my analysis above, namely, that ss 299
and 334 of the Companies Act apply to both types of creditors. It is the
liquidator’s function to distribute the assets fairly between secured and
unsecured creditors according to their security. The court should only
interfere in limited situations (see [22] above).

(d) In The Hull 308 [1991] 2 SLR(R) 643, the Court of Appeal considered and
affirmed In re Aro Co Ltd, but again in the limited context of whether a writ
in rem against a vessel could constitute security over that vessel. The Court
of Appeal’s comments were therefore targeted at the nature of the writ in that
case and not against the nature of a garnishee order. In any case, the Court
of Appeal went on to observe that whether the court would exercise its
discretion to grant leave to proceed would depend on what is “right and fair
in the circumstances” (at [14]), which corresponds to the approach taken in
Transbilt – that leave would only be granted if there were inequity on the
part of the company (see [14] above).

These cases therefore did not assist the plaintiff’s case as they were not in
the context of garnishee orders, and the comments made in those cases were by
way of obiter dicta. Instead, many of the general principles that these cases
set out were consistent with my analysis above.

26 While some of the other cases cited by the plaintiff dealt with garnishee
orders, they were also not useful for this case.

(a) The plaintiff relied on In re Stanhope Silkstone Collieries Company (1879)
11 Ch D 160 (“Stanhope”), a case decided more than 100 years ago. The court
examined the effect of a garnishee order nisi that was not served and observed
that it “does not operate to give the Plaintiff in the original action any
security until it is served” (at 161–162). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

PBOA, pp 68–69.

However, the court did not make a finding on the effect of an order that was
served on winding-up proceedings.

(b) The plaintiff also cited Croshaw v Lyndhurst Ship Company [1897] 2 Ch 154,
a case that was also decided more than 100 years ago. The issue was not the
effect of a garnishee order but whether the appointment of a receiver
conferred on the judgment creditor any charge over the debtor’s property,
making him a secured creditor in the company’s winding-up proceedings. Hence,
while this case cited Stanhope, it was not useful to resolve the present
issue.

(c) The plaintiff then referred to N Joachimson (A Firm Name) v Swiss Bank
Corporation [1921] 3 KB 110, which was also an old case decided almost a
century ago. It was an action taken by a partner against the bank for the
balance of the money in its current account. The issue was whether the service
of a garnishee order nisi sufficiently operated as a banker’s demand and
therefore whether a cause of action had accrued. Hence, although the
partnership had been dissolved in that case (which is arguably similar to a
company being wound up), the issue that was decided was entirely different
from the present case.

(d) The plaintiff then referred extensively to Société Eram Shipping Co Ltd v
Cie Internationale de Navigation and others [2004] 1 AC 260 (“Société Eram
Shipping”). The issue in that case was whether the court could make final a
garnishee order nisi obtained in England as against a Hong Kong bank, given
that the Hong Kong court would not give effect to a garnishee order obtained
in the English courts by reciprocal enforcement. The issue was primarily one
of international law and is therefore very different from the present case.
Further, I would add that the passages of Lord Hoffmann and Lord Millett that
the plaintiff cited from Société Eram Shipping were also not about a garnishee
order nisi. Rather, the law lords were describing the proprietary effect of a
garnishee order in general, which does not shed light on the effect of a
garnishee order nisi.

(e) Finally, the plaintiff cited Galbraith v Grimshaw and Baxter [1910] 1 KB
339 (“Galbraith”) for the proposition that the garnishee order nisi made it a
secured creditor. The English Court of Appeal in Galbraith had to consider
whether s 108 of the Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act 1856 or s 45 of the UK
Bankruptcy Act 1883 was applicable, as the proceedings in that case were
initiated across the two jurisdictions. The outcome would have been different
depending on which law was applicable. Farwell LJ, in the passage that the
plaintiff cited, noted that Stanhope stood for the proposition that the
service of the order gives the judgment creditor “some security”. However,
Farwell LJ went on to say that the service of the order “does not … operate as
a transfer for the property in the debt”, although it was an “equitable charge
on it” in the sense that “the garnishee cannot pay the debt to any one but the
garnishor without incurring the risk of having to pay it over again to the
creditor” (at 343). I considered this passage to be saying no more than the
fact that once the notice was given, the garnishee could no longer freely deal
with the assets, and the assets were in that sense frozen. But this did not
make the judgment creditor a secured creditor, even though he had served the
garnishee order nisi.

27 Accordingly, I found that the cases cited by the plaintiff – even those
that pertained to garnishee orders – did not assist the plaintiff’s case that
serving the garnishee order nisi transformed it into a secured creditor. I was
therefore completely unconvinced that the Court of Appeal in Transbilt would
have taken a different position had it been confronted with these cases.
Indeed, there are policy considerations against adopting the position that the
plaintiff was a secured creditor. A garnishee order nisi can be obtained ex
parte and does not even require the garnishee to show cause as to why the
order should not be perfected until a later stage. Hence, this would not have
given the liquidator a clear path to fulfil his tasks in liquidation and to
prevent creditors from a “disorganised or unfair rush” to put their assets out
of the liquidator’s hands. To the contrary, such an interpretation would
“substantially weaken[]” the strength of ss 299 and 344, which goes against
the policy that the Court of Appeal in Transbilt elucidated (see [12] above).

Conclusion

28 In summary, I followed the decision of the Court of Appeal in Transbilt and
for the above reasons, I dismissed OS 1159. Therefore, the plaintiff’s
application for the stay of proceedings to be lifted was not granted, except
for the issue of taxation of costs for DC Suit 286 which was not disputed.

29 After hearing the parties on costs, I awarded costs fixed at $2,000
(inclusive of disbursements) to the defendant.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge

Chia Swee Chye Kelvin (Lumen Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;  
Tan Cheng Kiong (CK Tan & Co) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

