Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGCA 34

Criminal Motion No 30 of 2017

Between

SALWANT SINGH S/O AMER SINGH  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
---  
  
… Respondent

EX TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Criminal Motion]

* * *

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Salwant Singh s/o Amer Singh

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2018] SGCA 34

Court of Appeal — Criminal Motion No 30 of 2017

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Judith Prakash JA and Steven Chong JA  
2 July 2018

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 This is an application by Mr Salwant Singh s/o Amer Singh (“the Applicant”)
for an extension of time to apply to the High Court Judge (“the Judge”) who
heard Criminal Revision No 3 of 2017 (“CR 3”) to reserve three alleged
questions of law of public interest for the determination of this court.

Background

2 The Applicant is no stranger to our courts. In 2003, he was convicted of
five charges of cheating in a District Court and sentenced to 12 years’
preventive detention. On appeal by the Prosecution, the High Court enhanced
his sentence to 20 years’ preventive detention: see Public Prosecutor v
Salwant Singh s/o Amer Singh [2003] 4 SLR(R) 305.

3 Subsequently, between 2004 and 2008, the Applicant filed five criminal
motions in the High Court, one criminal motion in the Court of Appeal and two
criminal appeals. All these filings were aimed at reopening his conviction and
sentence in 2003. Our courts dismissed all of these applications, issuing
written reasons in four cases: see Salwant Singh v Public Prosecutor [2005] 1
SLR(R) 36 (“Salwant Singh (Documents)”), Salwant Singh s/o Amer Singh v Public
Prosecutor [2005] 1 SLR(R) 632 (“Salwant Singh (PTC Notes)”), Salwant Singh
s/o Amer Singh v Public Prosecutor [2008] SGHC 164 (“Salwant Singh (Review)”)
and Salwant Singh s/o Amer Singh v Public Prosecutor [2009] 3 SLR(R) 105. It
was expressly stated in two cases that the applications brought by the
Applicant were vexatious and an abuse of process: see Salwant Singh (PTC
Notes) at [18] and Salwant Singh (Review) at [14].

4 On 20 February 2017, the Applicant filed CR 3 seeking (1) the quashing of
his conviction and sentence, (2) the revision of his sentence of preventive
detention and (3) an order that would “end the many cycles of miscarriage of
justice” that he had allegedly suffered.

5 On 14 July 2017, the Judge heard and dismissed CR 3 on the basis that it was
an abuse of process, being yet another attempt by the Applicant to reopen his
conviction and sentence.

6 Four months later, on 14 November 2017, the Applicant filed the present
application for an extension of time to bring a criminal reference.

The application for leave to file supplemental affidavits

7 The Applicant also applied for leave to file two supplemental affidavits. In
these affidavits, he invited us to exercise our inherent power of review to
reopen his conviction and sentence in 2003, and our decisions in Criminal
Motion No 18 of 2004 and Criminal Appeal No 15 of 2004 (see Salwant Singh
(Documents) and Salwant Singh (PTC Notes)). We allow the application and admit
the two supplemental affidavits.

8 We now give our decision on the application for an extension of time.

The application for an extension of time

9 It is settled law that in deciding whether to grant an extension of time,
the court should consider “all the circumstances of the case, in particular
(a) the length of the delay; (b) the sufficiency of any explanation given in
respect of the delay; and (c) the prospects of the application”: see Chew Eng
Han v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 935 (“Chew Eng Han”) at [2].

10 Having considered these factors, we are satisfied that there is no reason
to grant an extension of time. The principal reason is that the application
which the Applicant seeks an extension of time to pursue has, in our judgment,
no prospects of success whatsoever. This is because the questions which the
Applicant seeks to refer to this court did not arise in CR 3. The Judge did
not determine any question of law in CR 3. Rather, he dismissed CR 3 on the
basis that, on the facts, it was an abuse of process.

11 It is evident from the Applicant’s affidavits and submissions here that his
objective in filing this application is to reopen his conviction and sentence,
which were finally determined more than 14 years ago in 2003. To his end, he
sought to rely on our decision in Kho Jabing v Public Prosecutor [2016] 3 SLR
135 where we recognised that this court has the inherent power to reopen a
concluded criminal appeal to prevent a miscarriage of justice. The matter of
whether the Applicant’s conviction and sentence may be reopened is strictly
not before us in the present application for an extension of time. But in any
event, we have considered the Applicant’s affidavits and submissions and wish
to state that there is no new and compelling material indicating that the
Applicant’s conviction and/or sentence amount to a miscarriage of justice.

12 In sum, this application is a patent abuse of process. As we noted in Chew
Eng Han at [3], the fact that the Applicant is a litigant-in-person “does not
provide him with a warrant to engage in abusive conduct”. The abusiveness here
is especially reprehensible because our courts have repeatedly pointed out, in
dismissing the Applicant’s previous applications, that his attempts to reopen
his conviction and sentence amount to an abuse of process (see [3] above).

13 In the result, we dismiss this application.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash Steven Chong  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

The applicant in person;  
Christopher Ong and Lee Ti-Ting (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

