Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2018] SGHC 267

Suit No 373 of 2012

Between

| AERO-GATE PTE LTD  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| ENGEN MARINE ENGINEERING PTE LTD  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Contempt of Court] — [Civil contempt]

[Contempt of Court] — [Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Aero-Gate Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Engen Marine Engineering Pte Ltd

[2018] SGHC 267

High Court — Suit No 373 of 2012, Summons No 2151 of 2016, Summons Nos 235 and
236 of 2017  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
12 July; 1, 10, 22 August; 15 November 2016; 10 April; 1 August 2017; 19
February; 5 March; 9, 30 April; 5, 9 July; 21 August 2018

17 December 2018

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 In the three committal applications before me, the plaintiff seeks to commit
two individuals to prison for contempt of court. The plaintiff’s case is that
the corporate defendant in this action has, in several material respects,
breached a mareva injunction granted against it. But the plaintiff does not
pursue the defendant for those alleged breaches. Instead, it pursues two
representatives of the defendant for their involvement in its alleged
breaches.

2 The two respondents to the committal applications are: (i) Mdm Selvarajoo
Mageswari, the sole director of the defendant; 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of SM dated 10 June 2016, paragraph 5.

and (ii) Mr Ramasamy Tanabalan, the general manager of the defendant. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of RT dated 3 June 2016, paragraph 1.

Mdm Mageswari and Mr Tanabalan are husband and wife. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 47.

3 The plaintiff alleges that each respondent has committed seven separate
contempts of court. I have found Mdm Mageswari to be in contempt of court on
three of the seven contempts alleged against her. I have found Mr Tanabalan to
be in contempt of court on only one of the seven contempts alleged against
him. For these contempts, the plaintiff submits that each respondent should be
committed to prison for a term of three years. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Notes of argument dated 21 August 2018, page 9, lines 17 to 19.

I have declined to commit either respondent to prison at all. Instead, I have
ordered that: (i) Mdm Mageswari pay a fine of $25,000, in lieu of which she is
to be sentenced to a term of imprisonment of one month; and (ii) Mr Tanabalan
pay a fine of $50,000, failing which he is to be sentenced to a term of
imprisonment of two months.

4 The plaintiff has been represented throughout this action, including in
these contempt proceedings, by Mr Navinder Singh of KSCGP Juris LLP. The
respondents were represented at the trial of this action and on appeal by Mr
Palaniappan Sundararaj of Straits Law Practice LLC. In these committal
applications, Mr Simon Tan of Attorneys Inc LLC appeared for the defendant
once in the early stages of these committal applications. Thereafter, on
various occasions, he appeared for the respondents. Most critically, he
presented closing submissions of law for the respondents on both liability and
sentencing. However, it is fair to say that the respondents have appeared for
the most part in person in these committal proceedings.

5 The plaintiff has appealed against my decision on liability and sentencing
in respect of both respondents. The respondents have not appealed against any
aspect of my decision. I now set out the grounds for my decision.

Background facts

The writ and the injunction

6 The plaintiff provides engineering services to the oil and gas industry. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, paragraph 6; affidavit dated 19 July
2016 at paragraph 4; affidavit of TLCA dated 20 June 2016, paragraph 8.

The defendant fabricates, assembles, modifies and installs marine engines and
generators. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Affidavit of SM dated 10 June 2016, paragraph 4.

7 In 2011, the plaintiff entered into a contract with the defendant under
which the defendant was to manufacture ten diesel generators customised for an
Iranian client of the plaintiff. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, paragraph 9, page 39 and page 45.

Disputes arose under that contract. As a result, in May 2012, the plaintiff
issued the writ in this action against the defendant.

8 Three months after issuing the writ, in August 2012, the plaintiff applied 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SUM3982/2012 filed on 6 August 2012; affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016,
page 12.

ex parte for and obtained 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ORC3984/2012 dated 7 August 2012; affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page
220.

a mareva injunction against the defendant. The injunction is largely in the
standard form prescribed by the Supreme Court Practice Directions, adapted to
the facts of this case.

9 In September 2012, on the plaintiff’s application, the mareva injunction was
amended. The amendments describe with more accuracy certain specific assets
which the plaintiff wished to bring expressly within the ambit of the
injunction. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ORC4005/2012 dated 11 October 2012; affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016,
page 229.

Nothing turns on the amendments or on the period that elapsed between original
injunction and the amendments. I therefore draw no distinction between the
original injunction and the amended injunction.

10 The mareva injunction restrained the defendant from disposing of its assets
in Singapore up to $1.5m 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 236.

until trial or further order. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 239.

As a separate obligation, the injunction also ordered the defendant to
preserve until the trial of this action eight specific items of machinery
which were then in the defendant’s possession but for which the plaintiff
claimed to have paid and therefore to own. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 96.

These eight assets formed part of the subject-matter of the plaintiff’s claim
in this action. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 232.

Soon after commencing this action, the plaintiff made an unsuccessful
application for a mandatory injunction requiring the defendant to deliver up
these eight assets. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 82.

11 The mareva injunction contains the following express provisions which are
of relevance to the applications before me:

(a) Paragraph 1(a) prohibits the defendant from removing from Singapore,
disposing of, dealing with or diminishing the value of any of its assets in
Singapore up to the value of $1.5m. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 236.

(b) Paragraph 1(b) specifies that the prohibition in paragraph 1(a) includes
two specific groups of assets: (i) the property and assets of the defendant’s
business and the proceeds of sale of any of those assets; and (ii) a specific
Singapore dollar bank account which the defendant held with Standard Chartered
Bank, identified in the injunction by its account number (“the SCB SGD
account”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 236.

(c) Paragraph 1(c) permits the defendant to deal with its assets or to remove
them from Singapore so long as the total unencumbered value of its assets
which are still in Singapore remains not less than $1.5m. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 236.

(d) Paragraph 2 of the mareva injunction obliges the defendant to inform the
plaintiff “in writing at once” of all of its assets worldwide, “giving the
value, location and details of all such assets”, and to confirm this
information in an affidavit to be filed within 21 days after service of the
order on the defendant. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 237.

(e) Paragraph 3 permits the defendant to spend “S$1,500 a week towards their
[sic] ordinary living expenses” and also “$2,000 a week on legal advice and
representation”. However, the paragraph obliges the defendant, before spending
any money in this way, to tell the plaintiff’s solicitors where the money is
to come from. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 237.

The reference in the plural to “living expenses” is, of course, wholly
inapposite for a single corporate defendant. But again, nothing turns on that.

(f) Paragraph 4 provides that the injunction does not prohibit the defendant
from dealing with or disposing of its assets “in the ordinary and proper
course of business” provided that the defendant accounts to the plaintiff
“monthly for the amount of money spent in this regard”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 237.

The account of “money spent” in the ordinary course of business is no doubt
intended to include an account of assets disposed of in the ordinary course of
business.

(g) Paragraph 7 provides that the defendant cannot do anything prohibited by
the injunction whether “itself or by its directors, officers, employees or
agents or in any other way”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 238.

(h) Paragraph 8 puts third parties on notice that the effect of the injunction
is to make it a contempt of court “for any person notified of [the injunction]
knowingly to assist in or permit a breach” of the injunction and that any
third party doing so may be sent to prison or fined. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 238.

The mareva injunction was endorsed with a penal notice addressed to Mdm
Mageswari as required by O 45 r 7(4)(b). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 242.

The trial and judgment

12 The plaintiff’s action was tried before me in 2012 and 2013. In March 2013,
I entered judgment 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

JUD488/2013; affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 243.

for the plaintiff on its claim and dismissed the defendant’s counterclaim for
$96,000 (see Aero-Gate Pte Ltd v Engen Marine Engineering Pte Ltd [2013] 4 SLR
409). After judgment was entered against the defendant at first instance, the
mareva injunction continued in force as a post-judgment mareva injunction in
aid of execution.

13 Although the defendant appealed against my decision, the Court of Appeal
reversed only my decision to dismiss the defendant’s counterclaim. The
judgment on the claim substantially in favour of the plaintiff was not
disturbed on appeal. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ORC304/2014 in CA39/2013; affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 247.

The mareva injunction continued in force after the appeal.

14 The upshot is that plaintiff is a substantial judgment creditor of the
defendant. That is so even after taking into account the defendant’s
counterclaim for $96,000 allowed on appeal.

15 The judgment in this action at first instance required the defendant to:
(i) deliver up the eight assets specifically identified in the mareva
injunction or account to the plaintiff for the proceeds of their sale (see
[10] above); (ii) to pay a liquidated sum of US$252,000 to the plaintiff; and
(iii) to pay damages to the plaintiff to be assessed. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

JUD488/2013; affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 243.

Those damages were assessed in November 2015 at just over US$606,000. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

JUD8/2016; affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 249.

In addition, the defendant still owes the plaintiff a balance sum of just over
$53,000 arising under a number of costs orders in this action and the appeal.
29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 29 September 2017, paragraphs 10 and 11.

Interest continues to accrue at the usual rate on the principal judgment debt
as well as on the costs ordered.

16 The plaintiff has made several attempts to levy execution upon the
defendant. Further, and in parallel with these committal applications, the
plaintiff has used the examination of judgment debtor procedure in an attempt
to obtain information from Mdm Mageswari in aid of execution. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 29 September 2017, paragraph 15.

Both avenues ultimately proved fruitless. The result is that the plaintiff has
recovered only a small fraction of the judgment debt which the defendant owes.
That recovery is probably insufficient even to cover its legal costs. The more
frustrated the plaintiff became with the progress and results of the execution
and examination of judgment debtor proceedings, the stronger its resolve
became in these committal applications to have each respondent sentenced to
imprisonment for a lengthy term of years.

The defendant files an affidavit of assets in 2012

17 As I have mentioned, paragraph 2 of the mareva injunction required the
defendant to file an affidavit disclosing all of its assets. Pursuant to this
obligation, on 28 August 2012, the defendant filed an affidavit of assets 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Affidavit of SM dated 28 August 2012, paragraph 6.

affirmed by Mdm Mageswari as its sole director.

18 The defendant’s affidavit of assets disclosed total assets said to be worth
$4.4m comprising 70 sets of physical assets said to be worth $3.26m, trade
receivables said to be worth S$1.1m and cash and bank balances said to be
worth just over $44,000. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Affidavit of SM dated 28 August 2012, paragraph 8.

The 70 sets of physical assets were all machinery, with some sets of assets
comprising more than one unit of the same machinery. For convenience, I will
refer to each set of physical assets as though it were a single asset.

19 The affidavit of assets disclosed that, of the 70 assets listed in the
affidavit, 67 assets worth $3.09m were then located at the defendant’s
premises at 12 Tuas Avenue 11, two assets worth $125,000 were located at the
premises of Transvictory Winch System Pte Ltd (“Transvictory”) at 20 Third
Chin Bee Road and one asset worth $35,000 was located at Offshore Marine
Centre in Tuas South. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Affidavit of SM dated 28 August 2012, paragraph 6.

Closure of the Standard Chartered Bank accounts

20 In March 2014, Mdm Mageswari issued a letter of instructions to Standard
Chartered Bank to close the SCB SGD account. Standard Chartered Bank had
frozen the account ever since it had been notified of the mareva injunction.

21 In view of Mdm Mageswari’s letter, Standard Chartered Bank lifted the
freeze on the account, released the balance to the defendant and closed the
account. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Affidavit of SM dated 16 January 2017, page 36.

The defendant moves assets in 2014

22 In June 2013, the defendant’s landlord gave the defendant notice to vacate
its business premises at 13 Tuas Avenue 11. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Affidavit of RT dated 3 June 2016, paragraph 6 and page 32.

For various reasons, the defendant did not actually vacate these premises
until March 2014. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Affidavit of RT dated 3 June 2016, paragraphs 6 and 21.

23 In March 2014, the defendant wrote to the plaintiff to inform the plaintiff
that the defendant had discontinued its operations at 13 Tuas Avenue 11 and to
inform the defendant of the new location of 36 out of the 70 assets listed in
the affidavit of assets. Mr Tanabalan made all arrangements for storage of the
defendant’s assets. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Affidavit of RT dated 3 June 2016, paragraph 5.

24 The March 2014 letter informed the plaintiff that, as a result of the move:
(i) five assets were located at Transvictory’s premises; (ii) 19 assets were
located at the premises of Singatac Engineering Pte Ltd (“Singatac”) at 21
Tuas Basin Lane; (iii) 11 assets were located at the car park at the premises
of Engen Spares Pte Ltd and Engen Offshore Pte Ltd at 1 Soon Lee Street (“the
Soon Lee Street premises”); and (iv) one asset comprising three units of the
same machinery was split, with two units located at Singatac’s premises and
one unit located at the Soon Lee Street premises. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Affidavit of RT dated 3 June 2016 at pages 20 to 23; affidavit of TLCA dated
19 July 2016 at page 20.

I shall refer to the five assets stored at Transvictory’s premises as “the
Transvictory assets”. I shall refer to the 20 assets stored at Singatac’s
premises as “the Singatac assets”. I shall refer to the 12 assets stored at
the Soon Lee Street premises as “the Soon Lee Street assets”.

25 The defendant’s March 2014 letter valued the 36 assets listed in the letter
at just over $1.5m. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 19 July 2016 at page 22.

The letter made no mention of the remaining assets which had been disclosed in
the affidavit of assets. The defendant was advised that it was not obliged to
disclose the location of the remaining assets because the assets whose
location had been disclosed added up in value to $1.5m, thus reaching the
limit specified in paragraph 1(a) of the mareva injunction (see [11(a)]
above). 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 21 November 2016 at pages 106 and 107, paragraphs
3(a), 3(c) and 3(d); plaintiff’s written submissions dated 29 September 2017,
paragraph 60.

On that basis, the defendant considered itself free under paragraphs 1(c) and
3 of the injunction (see [11(c)] and [11(f)] above) to deal with the remaining
assets listed in the affidavit of assets. It did so. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 29 September 2017, paragraph 60.

26 The Soon Lee Street premises – at which more than 11 of the 36 assets
listed in the March 2014 letter were stored – are the premises of Engen Spares
Pte Ltd 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 20 June 2016 at page 69.

and Engen Offshore Pte Ltd. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 20 June 2016 at page 62.

The respondents do not, on the face of the record, currently have any interest
or control in either company. But the plaintiff points out that the defendant
shares a name and logo with both companies and that the respondents’ two
children are the sole shareholders and directors of both companies. The
plaintiff further points out that Engen Offshore Pte Ltd was incorporated only
in August 2013 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated on 20 June 2016, paragraph 26.

and that Mdm Mageswari was a director of Engen Spares Pte Ltd right up until
June 2013. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 20 June 2016, paragraph 29 and page 66.

Both those dates are shortly after March 2013, when I entered judgment in this
action against the defendant. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

JUD488/2013; affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 243.

The plaintiff suggests that both companies are in fact owned and controlled by
the respondents and that the defendant has diverted its assets to these
companies in breach of the mareva. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Affidavit of TLCA filed on 20 June 2016, paragraphs 26 to 30; affidavit of
TLCA filed on 28 June 2016, paragraph 29.

That is denied by the respondents. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Affidavit of RT dated 7 July 2016 at paragraph 24; affidavit of RT dated 8
July 2016 at paragraph 33; affidavit of TLCA dated 21 November 2016 at page
111, paragraph 22.

The evidence which the plaintiff has put before me does not suffice to
establish this suggestion on the balance of probabilities.

Singatac disposes of the Singatac assets

27 According to Mr Tanabalan, in January 2016, he went to Singatac’s office to
pay the principal of Singatac, Mr Tan Soon Keong (“Mr Tan”), the sum of
$24,000 being the arrears of rental then due for storage of the Singatac
assets. Mr Tanabalan was denied entry to Singatac’s premises on that occasion.
Mr Tan later told Mr Tanabalan that Singatac had scrapped all of the Singatac
assets for non-payment of rental. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Affidavit of RT dated 3 June 2016, paragraph 8.

28 In evidence before me is a statutory declaration from Mr Tan 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 11 November 2016, paragraph 27 and pages 304 to 313.

setting out his version of the same events. He corroborates Mr Tanabalan’s
evidence in material respects. Mr Tan says that he agreed in February 2014 to
rent space in the Singatac premises to Mr Tanabalan to store the Singatac
assets for two months at a rent of $1,200. Mr Tanabalan failed to remove the
Singatac assets upon the expiry for the two months and was uncontactable for
the next eight months. In December 2014, Mr Tan scrapped the Singatac assets
for just under $9,000 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 11 November 2016, page 312.

because they were obstructing certain construction works which he was obliged
to undertake.

29 The only difference of substance between Mr Tanabalan’s version of events
and Mr Tan’s version of events is that Mr Tanabalan asserts that Mr Tan was
aware that the Singatac assets were subject to the mareva injunction. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Affidavit of RT dated 3 June 2016 at paragraph 8.

Mr Tan denies any such knowledge. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 11 November 2016 at paragraph 27; page 302 at
paragraph 8; page 305 at paragraph 3.

Nothing of relevance in these committal applications turns on Mr Tan’s state
of knowledge.

Transvictory disposes of the Transvictory assets

30 Also according to Mr Tanabalan, and also in January 2016, he drove past
Transvictory’s premises to check from the outside whether the Transvictory
assets were still stored there. He could not see any sign of any of the
Transvictory assets. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Affidavit of RT dated 3 June 2016, paragraph 10.

The principal of Transvictory is one Mr Richard Chiang (“Mr Richard”). 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 11 November 2016 at page 316.

A few days later, Mr Tanabalan found out from a security guard at
Transvictory’s premises that Mr Richard had sold all of the Transvictory
assets in late 2015. Mr Tanabalan then spoke to Mr Richard directly. He
confirmed to Mr Tanabalan that all of the Transvictory assets had indeed been
sold because the defendant had failed to repay a loan of $300,000 which it
owed to Transvictory. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Affidavit of RT dated 3 June 2016, paragraph 12.

31 Transvictory flatly denies Mr Tanabalan’s evidence. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 11 November 2016, paragraph 33 and pages 313 to 315.

Transvictory’s position is that: (i) Transvictory has no knowledge of whether
in fact Mr Tanabalan stored any of the defendant’s assets at the Transvictory
premises; (ii) Transvictory did not dispose of the Transvictory assets; (iii)
Mr Richard never told Mr Tanabalan that Transvictory had disposed of the
Transvictory assets; (iv) Transvictory was unaware that the Transvictory
assets were subject to a mareva injunction; and (v) Transvictory allowed Mr
Tanabalan to have uninhibited access to the Transvictory assets on
Transvictory’s premises in order to store and retrieve the Transvictory
assets; and (vi) Mr Tanabalan could well have removed the Transvictory assets
himself.

32 Mdm Mageswari lodged a police report in January 2016, alleging that the
Singatac assets had been disposed of because of the defendant’s “inability to
pay the rental” and that the Transvictory assets had been “disposed [sic] for
non payment [sic]”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 257 to 258.

Writs of seizure and sale

33 As I have mentioned (see [16] above), the plaintiff has attempted to levy
execution upon the defendant at various stages of this action. I now summarise
those attempts.

Writ of seizure and sale in 2013

34 In January 2013, the plaintiff’s representatives visited the defendant’s
premises at 13 Tuas Avenue 11 together with the sheriff to inspect the assets
covered by the mareva injunction. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Affidavit of RT filed on 3 June 2016 at paragraph 6.

35 In September 2013, in execution of the plaintiff’s judgment, the sheriff
seized 19 of the defendant’s assets under a writ of seizure and sale. In the
affidavit of assets, Mdm Mageswari had valued these 19 assets at $1.05m. In
October 2013, the plaintiff’s valuer, Exaco (S) Pte Ltd (“Exaco”), valued
these 19 assets at $117,400. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 28 June 2016, paragraph 20.

Writ of seizure and sale in 2014

36 In April 2014, the plaintiff inspected the Singatac assets. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 19 July 2016 at paragraph 12.

In June 2014, the sheriff seized two engines at the Singatac premises under a
writ of seizure and sale. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Affidavit of RT dated 3 June 2016 at paragraph 8.

This writ of seizure was not followed through and there was no sale of these
two engines by auction. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Respondents’ written submissions dated 10 April 2018, paragraph 4(c).

37 The defendant sent two further letters in May 2014 relating to the location
of the Transvictory, Singatac and Soon Lee Street assets. It appears that this
was in connection with the plaintiff’s attempts to have these assets seized
and sold pursuant to the writ of seizure and sale. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Affidavit of RT filed on 3 June 2016 at page 28 and 29.

Writ of seizure and sale in 2016

38 In January 2016, after its damages had been assessed, the plaintiff again
levied execution on the judgment. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 20 June 2016, paragraph 12.

In February and March 2016, 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 20 June 2016, paragraph 12.

the plaintiff’s solicitors asked the defendant for the current location of all
assets frozen by the mareva injunction. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, pages 250 and 251.

In March 2016, the defendant replied 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 252.

to say that the defendant had not changed the location of the assets frozen by
the mareva injunction since the last update. This was presumably the update in
March 2014. However, the defendant also informed the plaintiff that Mr
Tanabalan had visited both Transvictory’s premises and Singatac’s premises in
January 2016 and had discovered that all of the Transvictory assets and
Singatac assets had been disposed of without the defendant’s knowledge or
consent.

39 In July 2016, Mr Tanabalan affirmed an affidavit stating that the Soon Lee
Street assets remained at the Soon Lee Street premises. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Affidavit of RT dated 8 July 2016, paragraph 29.

In September 2016, in the course of the examination of judgment debtor
proceedings, Mdm Mageswari affirmed an affidavit to the same effect. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 21 November 2016, paragraph 12, page 107 at paragraphs
4(a) and 4(b); page 110, paragraph 16.

In November 2016, the plaintiff therefore applied for an obtained a writ of
seizure and sale in respect of the Soon Lee Street assets. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 13 April 2017 at paragraph 9 and page 13.

40 Upon executing the writ of seizure and sale in December 2016, the plaintiff
found only seven of the Soon Lee Street assets at the Soon Lee Street
premises. The remaining five of the Soon Lee assets were missing. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 29 March 2017 at page 88; affidavit of TLCA dated 13
April 2017 at paragraph 9.

Mr Tanabalan, who was present when the writ of seizure and sale was executed,
informed the plaintiff’s representative that the missing items had been moved
but was evasive about where they had been moved to. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 13 April 2017 at paragraph 11.

41 In January 2017, in anticipation of the sale of the seized assets, the
plaintiff appointed Exaco to value the seven assets seized at the Soon Lee
Street premises. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 13 April 2017 at paragraph 14.

According to the Exaco report, many of these assets had been misdescribed in
the defendant’s March 2014 letter and were worth much less than the value
stated in that letter. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 13 April 2017 at paragraph 15.

42 The March 2014 letter had valued these seven assets at $188,000 in total.
In January 2017, Exaco valued these seven assets at $15,600. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 13 April 2017 at paragraph 16.

These seven assets were eventually sold at auction for $2,100. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 13 April 2017 at paragraph 17.

The contempt proceedings

The plaintiff applies for leave to bring contempt proceedings

43 In March 2016, after learning that all the Transvictory and Singatac assets
had been disposed of, the plaintiff put Mdm Mageswari on notice that it
intended to commence proceedings against her for contempt of court arising
from those disposals. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 260.

44 In April 2016, I granted the plaintiff leave to commence the first of the
three committal applications now before me. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

ORC2650/2016 made on SUM1738/2016.

The sole respondent to that application is Mdm Mageswari. In November 2016, I
granted the plaintiff leave to commence the second of the three committal
applications now before me. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

ORC8252/2016 made on SUM5488/2016.

The sole respondent to that application is Mr Tanabalan. In December 2016, I
granted the plaintiff leave to commence the third of the three committal
applications now before me. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

ORC8251/2016 made on SUM3975/2016.

The sole respondent to that application is Mdm Mageswari.

45 The respondents have filed a number of affidavits in their own defence in
all three of these committal applications. At the plaintiff’s request, I
ordered both respondents to be cross-examined on all of their affidavits. That
cross-examination took place on one hearing day in August 2017.

The contempt applications are protracted

46 These committal applications have been unfortunately protracted. That is
largely because the respondents have appeared in person for large parts of the
proceedings. They sought adjournments on several occasions, often at the last
minute. They gave various reasons for the adjournments: to file further
affidavits, to try and find counsel or to try and raise money to pay fees for
counsel.

47 I was conscious throughout that committal applications are quasi-criminal
in nature and touch on the liberty of the respondents. The plaintiff made very
clear that it intended to seek substantial sentences of imprisonment for both
respondents if they were found to be in contempt of court. Indeed, the
plaintiff consistently took the position that the respondents should be
sentenced to six years’ imprisonment each 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 29 September 2017, paragraph 134;
plaintiff’s written submissions dated 15 February 2018, paragraphs 9 and 27;
and plaintiff’s written submissions dated 9 April 2018 at paragraph 54.

before moderating that in its final submission to three years’ imprisonment
each. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 20 August 2018, paragraph 11, 39 and 48;
Notes of Argument dated 21 August 2018, page 9 lines 17 to 19.

Further, I had no reason to doubt the respondents’ pleas of impecuniosity. The
respondents’ submissions to the contrary were bereft of evidence and built on
mere supposition.

48 In those circumstances, I considered it incumbent on me to ensure that the
respondents understood the nature and gravity of the case against them and had
sufficient time and opportunity to respond meaningfully to that case even if
that meant that these contempt proceedings took longer to resolve than they
would have if the respondents had been able to afford representation
throughout. Of course, I also bore in mind at all times that I should not
subject the plaintiff to any substantive disadvantage by reason of the
respondents being unable to afford representation.

Applicable principles of law

49 The principles of law which I must apply in order to determine whether
either respondent is in contempt of court on any of the charges are not in
dispute. They can be summarised in the following propositions:

(a) The purpose of a mareva injunction is to restrain a defendant from
dissipating his assets so as to render nugatory, wholly or in part, any
judgment which a plaintiff might eventually obtain against it in the action:
Customs and Excise Commissioners v Barclays Bank plc [2007] 1 AC 181 (“Customs
and Excise Commissioners v Barclays Bank plc”) at [10]; 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Plaintiff’s bundle of authorities, Tab 3.

Lee Shieh-Peen Clement and another v Ho Chin Nguang and others [2010] 4 SLR
801 (“Clement Lee”) at [17]. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Plaintiff’s bundle of authorities, Tab 5.

(b) A party against whom a mareva injunction is issued must obey both the
letter and the spirit of the injunction: Clement Lee at [17].

(c) A party who breaches an injunction will be punished by committal for
contempt if the breach is sufficiently serious and the required standard of
knowledge and intention is sufficiently proved: Customs and Excise
Commissioners v Barclays Bank plc at [11]. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Plaintiff’s bundle of authorities, Tab 3.

(d) As against an alleged contemnor who is a party to the injunction or who is
acting for or at the direction of a party to the injunction, the relevant
standard of knowledge and intention is simply that: (i) the alleged contemnor
had notice of the injunction; and (ii) he intended to do an act or to omit to
act which is in fact a breach of the injunction. It is not necessary to go
further and prove that the alleged contemnor intended to disobey the
injunction or that he appreciated that he was doing so. So too, his reasons
for breaching the injunction are irrelevant on the question of liability for
contempt: Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd v Karaha Bodas Co LLC and others [2007]
2 SLR(R) 518 (“Pertamina Energy”) at [51]; Maruti Shipping Pte Ltd v Tay Sien
Djim and others [2014] SGHC 227 (“Maruti Shipping”) at [17]–[18]; 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Plaintiff’s bundle of authorities, Tab 7.

Carey v Laiken (2015) SCC 17 at [29] and [47]. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Plaintiff’s bundle of authorities, Tab 6.

(e) As against an alleged contemnor who is a third party to the injunction, he
may be in contempt of court if he either: (i) assists or permits a breach of
the injunction; or (ii) deliberately frustrates the purpose of the court in
making the order. In either case, the relevant standard of knowledge or
intention is that the third party: (i) had notice of the injunction; (ii) does
an act which the injunction restrains the party against whom it is directed
from doing; and (iii) intended by doing those acts to impede or prejudice the
administration of justice: Attorney General v Punch Ltd and another [2003] 1
AC 1046 at [87] per Lord Hope. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Plaintiff’s bundle of authorities, Tab 25.

(f) Where an injunction is issued against a corporation, a director of the
corporation who is aware of the injunction is under an obligation to take
reasonable steps to ensure that the injunction is obeyed. This principle
applies to every director who has notice of the injunction, whether executive
or non-executive and whether involved in the day to day management of the
corporation or not. If the corporation breaches the injunction, every director
who has notice of the injunction and who wilfully failed to take these
reasonable steps is in contempt of court: Maruti Shipping at [115]–[116].

(g) The standard of proof to which the applicant must make out his case
against the alleged contemnor is the criminal standard, ie proof beyond
reasonable doubt: STX Corp v Jason Surjana Tanuwidjaja and others [2014] 2 SLR
1261 at [8].

50 In the case before me, there is no dispute that the defendant and both
respondents had notice of the injunction. The defendant and the respondents
were served with the injunction. The injunction contained a penal notice
addressed to Mdm Mageswari, as the defendant’s director. From their ability to
respond to the questions posed in cross-examination, I find that both
respondents are sufficiently conversant in English to well understand the
terms and import of the injunction. Indeed, the defendant and both respondents
had the benefit of legal advice from the defendant’s trial solicitors on the
scope of the injunction and the importance of complying with it.

The O 52 r 2(2) statements

51 Before turning to the substance of the charges, I must first deal with a
preliminary point which Mr Simon Tan has raised for the respondents. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Respondents’ written submissions dated 29 May 2018, paragraph 16.

52 Not all of the seven charges against Mdm Mageswari arise from the two O 52
r 2(2) statements which the plaintiff presented under in its two committal
applications against her. The allegation of contempt in the first O 52 r 2(2)
statement against her is limited to the disposal of the Transvictory and the
Singatac assets. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, pages 9 to 11 at paragraph 8; affidavit
of TLCA dated 20 June 2016, paragraph 13.

The allegations of contempt in the second O 52 r 2(2) statement against her
are limited to: (i) the failure to disclose where the money spent on legal
advice and representation was to come from; (ii) the failure to account
monthly to the plaintiff for money spent in the ordinary and proper course of
business; and (iii) the dealing with and disposal of the funds in the SCB SGD
account. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Affidavit of EL dated 16 August 2016, page 17 at paragraph 17.

53 Of the seven charges which the plaintiff presents against Mdm Mageswari, I
consider that only the fifth charge (see [115] below) arises from the first O
52 r 2(2) statement 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, pages 9 to 11 at paragraph 8.

and that only the third and seventh charges (see [100] and [139] below) arise
from the second O 52 r 2(2) statement. The remaining four charges against her
are outside the scope of both O 52 r 2(2) statements against her.

54 So too, not all of the seven charges against Mr Tanabalan arise from the O
52 r 2(2) statement 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 11 November 2016 at page 18.

against him. That statement was limited to the following allegations of
contempt: (a) Mr Tanabalan failed “to take due care” of the assets covered by
the mareva injunction and adopted “a callous attitude” towards them; (ii) Mr
Tanabalan failed to pay rent to Singatac for storage of the Singatac assets;
and (iii) Mr Tanabalan stored the Transvictory assets with Transvictory to
whom the defendant owed money. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 11 November 2016 at page 23, paragraph 21.

55 Of the seven charges which the plaintiff presents against Mr Tanabalan, I
consider that only the third, fourth, fifth and sixth charges (see [163],
[174] and [187] below) arise from the O 52 r 2(2) statement. The remaining
three charges against Mr Tanabalan are outside the scope of the O 52 r 2(2)
statement against him.

56 Despite this, I have proceeded to hear and determine all seven charges
against each respondent. The respondents have not appealed against my decision
to do so. But O 52 r 5(3) prohibits the plaintiff from relying on any ground
for committal which is not set out in the O 52 r 2(2) statement. And I accept
that it is ordinarily unfair to a respondent to deal with the merits of an
allegation of contempt which falls outside the scope of the O 52 r 2(2)
statement on which leave was secured to apply for his committal. I therefore
consider that I ought to explain why I heard and determined the combined
fourteen charges of contempt against both respondents even though seven out of
the fourteen charges fell outside the scope of the three O 52 r 2(2)
statements against the respondents.

57 As the Court of Appeal held in Mok Kah Hong v Zheng Zhuan Yao [2016] 3 SLR
1 (“Mok Kah Hong”), an O 52 r 2(2) statement is similar in purpose to a
criminal charge. It is a procedural safeguard adopted to ensure that a person
accused of contempt of court knows the case that the applicant makes against
him. The O 52 r 2(2) statement therefore circumscribes the “boundaries of the
applicant’s case, such as to prevent the applicant from relying on grounds
that have been omitted from the statement”: Mok Kah Hong at [61].

58 For the following three reasons, I have exercised my discretion under O 52
r 5(3) to permit the plaintiff to proceed on all fourteen charges against both
respondents even though half of those fourteen charges do not arise from the
three O 52 r 2(2) statements.

59 First, in the circumstances of these committal applications, I consider
that none of the charges which fall outside the relevant O 52 r 2(2) statement
will take either respondent by surprise to the extent that the plaintiff has
set out the case which it advances against each respondent on all seven
charges in its written submissions in the committal applications. I have put
the respondents on notice that these seven charges are being pursued against
them. Each respondent has addressed the seven charges made against him or her
and has presented arguments as to why he or she is not liable on any of them.
96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Respondents’ written submissions dated 29 November 2017 and 9 April 2018.

The respondents have also agreed that I may consider on the merits all
fourteen charges against them both, even though some of the charges fall
outside the scope of the relevant O 52 r 2(2) statements. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Notes of argument dated 9 April 2018, page 5 line 19 to page 7 line 6; and
page 15 line 19 to page 16 line 1.

60 Second, I do not consider that I am lacking any factual material relevant
to either respondent’s defence which I ought to consider in order to arrive at
a decision on the merits of all fourteen charges. The respondents have been
cross-examined on their affidavits. The respondents have had the benefit of
having the case against them on all seven charges put to them in cross-
examination. Further, because both respondents were litigants in person for
much of these proceedings, I have afforded them great latitude in addressing
me from the bar table on questions of fact relating to all of the charges,
even after their cross-examination concluded.

61 Mr Simon Tan submitted that the respondents would suffer real and actual
prejudice if I were to hear and determine any of the charges which fall
outside the scope of the O 52 r 2(2) statement. However, when he was pressed
on this point, he retracted it. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Notes of argument dated 5 July 2018, page 18.

He accepted that the only real prejudice to the respondents was they would not
have had an opportunity to adduce only one item of evidence, and even then,
that it was an item of evidence relevant only to mitigation: the evidence of
their trial solicitor to confirm the legal advice which the respondents had
received on their obligations under the mareva injunction.

62 The only relevance of this missing evidence is to support the respondents’
point that they were at all times acting in good faith in reliance on legal
advice. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Notes of argument dated 5 July 2018, page 2 line 18 to page 18.

Mr Tan accepted that that evidence could not be relevant on the issue of
liability. I therefore addressed that specific prejudice by adjourning these
applications after my decision on liability for contempt to allow the
respondents an opportunity to secure and place before me their trial
solicitor’s evidence as mitigation when I came to consider sentencing. In the
event, for various reasons, the respondents did not take advantage of that
opportunity.

63 Third, Mr Simon Tan accepted that if I were to dismiss any of the seven
charges against either respondent on the purely procedural basis that those
charges fall outside the scope of the relevant O 52 r 2(2) statement, the
plaintiff could immediately apply afresh for leave to commence contempt
proceedings on those charges by serving fresh O 52 r 2(2) statements
specifying these charges. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Notes of argument dated 5 July 2018, page 10 to page 12.

On the facts of this case, and in light of my first and second reasons, I
considered it to be contrary to the respondents’ interests to compel the
plaintiff to pursue that course. These contempt applications have already been
protracted. They have entailed a great deal of time, expense, inconvenience
and anxiety for all of the parties. As between the plaintiff and the
respondents, the respondents are least able to bear those burdens in
connection with these applications and also in connection with any fresh
applications for contempt which might be brought.

64 It was therefore, in my view, in the interests of both the applicant and
the respondents – and also overall in the interests of justice and the
efficient disposal of the entirety of the plaintiff’s case in contempt against
the respondents – for me to deal once and for all in these proceedings with
all fourteen charges of contempt which the plaintiff advances against both
respondents, even though half of them fall outside the scope of the relevant O
52 r 2(2) statement. The only qualification is that I accept that I must
nevertheless be satisfied that each respondent has been given, through the
plaintiff’s written submissions in these committal applications, sufficient
notice with adequate particulars of those charges.

65 In those very unusual circumstances, I do not consider that any purpose
would be served by rejecting any charge against either respondent purely on
the basis that it falls outside the scope of the relevant O 52 r 2(2)
statement, in the absence of any actual, demonstrable prejudice to either
respondent on a specific charge.

66 That is the limit of the indulgence which I am prepared to grant the
plaintiff. In particular, to the extent that the plaintiff’s three O 52 r 2(2)
statements have framed its charges against either respondent in a manner
unfavourable to itself, the plaintiff will nevertheless be held to the
consequences of those choices. Thus, for example, if the plaintiff has framed
a charge against a respondent in a way which takes on the burden of proving an
element of contempt which the law of contempt would not ordinarily require it
to prove, the plaintiff will be required to prove that element. The
respondents are entitled to take the plaintiff at their word and to have
proceeded on the basis that if the plaintiff failed to prove any element of
the charge as framed against him or her, the entire charge would fail.

67 I do not consider that the approach I have taken contradicts the very clear
strictures of the Court of Appeal in Mok Kah Hong. The ultimate goal of those
strictures is to ensure procedural fairness for alleged contemnors. I consider
that my approach, on the facts of this case, achieves that ultimate goal. In
any event, without intending in any way to attenuate those strictures, I was
prepared to exercise my power to proceed of my own motion on any charges of
contempt against either respondent which fall outside the scope of the
relevant O 52 r 2(2) statement. The purpose of doing so, in the unusual
circumstances of this case, was to avoid the respondents from being vexed by
fresh committal applications to deal with those charges on the merits. Nothing
in O 52 is intended to prejudice my power to make an order of committal of my
own motion if I am satisfied that it is warranted: see O 52 r 4 and also Tay
Kar Oon v Tahir [2017] 2 SLR 342 (“Tay Kar Oon”) at [38].

68 I start by examining Mdm Mageswari’s liability on the charges against her
before examining Mr Tanabalan’s liability on the charges against him.

Liability

Mdm Mageswari

The basis of liability for contempt as against Mdm Mageswari

69 A fundamental point which lies at the root of all seven of the charges
against Mdm Mageswari is a factual point about her involvement in the business
of the defendant. This factual point is all the more important because of the
basis on which the plaintiff has decided to frame its case against Mdm
Mageswari.

70 The plaintiff was entitled to frame its case against Mdm Mageswari under O
45 r 5(1)(ii) and hold her directly liable for the defendant’s alleged
contempts simply by virtue of her status as a director of the defendant. But
for some reason, the plaintiff chose to eschew that basis in framing its case
against her. In the first of their two O 52 r 2(2) statements, the plaintiff
asserts as part of its case against Mdm Mageswari in connection with the
disposal of the Transvictory and the Singatac assets that: “the conduct of
[Mdm Mageswari] is intended or calculated to impede, obstruct or prejudice the
administration of justice in the present matter”. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 11, paragraph 12.

And in the second of the two O 52 r 2(2) statements, the plaintiff asserts as
part of its case against Mdm Mageswari that she was “personally involved in
the acts of the [defendant] which resulted in the … breaches of the [m]areva
injunction”. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Affidavit of EL dated 16 August 2016, page 16 paragraph 18.

71 It is not necessary for a plaintiff to prove either that a director of a
company intended to prejudice the administration of justice or was personally
involved in causing the company to breach an injunction when proceeding
directly against the director under O 45 r 5(1)(ii) arising from the company’s
breach of the injunction. As I have set out at [49(f)] above, the ordinary
rule is that any director of a company who has notice of an injunction is
liable to be committed for contempt if the company breaches the injunction and
the director has wilfully failed to take reasonable steps to ensure that the
injunction is obeyed.

72 Nevertheless, that is how the plaintiff has framed its case against Mdm
Mageswari and how Mdm Mageswari has responded to it. I consider that it would
be unfair to Mdm Mageswari to hold her in contempt on any charge if the
plaintiff fails to prove all of the elements which it has alleged against her
– and which the plaintiff has therefore undertaken to prove – on that charge.
It is therefore necessary to consider Mdm Mageswari’s role in the defendant’s
business.

73 Mdm Mageswari’s evidence, 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Affidavit of SM dated 26 July 2016 at paragraph 7.

corroborated by Mr Tanabalan, 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Affidavit of RT dated 3 June 2016 at paragraph 4.

is that it is Mr Tanabalan who oversees and manages the defendant’s actual
business and operations. Her evidence is that, despite being the defendant’s
sole director, she has no control or powers of management over the defendant
or its business at all. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Affidavit of SM dated 26 July 2016 at paragraph 8.

She says that that her role is confined to overseeing and managing those
aspects of the defendant’s administrative and financial affairs which require
the authority of a director. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Affidavit of SM dated 10 June 2016 at paragraph 5; affidavit of SM dated 26
July 2016 at paragraph 7.

She points out that she accepted the position of director only in order to
fulfil the statutory requirement that the defendant have at least one
director. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Affidavit of SM dated 26 July 2016 at paragraph 6.

She describes herself as a “regular housewife who spends most of [her] time at
home taking care of [her] family and attending to household chores”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Affidavit of SM dated 26 July 2016 at paragraph 8.

She has never been paid a salary by the defendant. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Affidavit of SM dated 26 July 2016 at paragraph 9.

74 The plaintiff denies that Mdm Mageswari’s role in the defendant is as
confined as she makes it out to be. Its case is that Mdm Mageswari is
“actively involved in the business transactions of the [defendant]” and the
business of the defendant, 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 28 July 2016, at paragraph 5.

is “well informed about the operations of the [defendant]” including its
“finer details”, 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 28 July 2016, at paragraph 6.

and is “an active director who is involved in the workings of [the defendant]
and its contracts”. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 28 July 2016, at paragraph 7.

But that has not always been the plaintiff’s position. When complaining to the
Official Assignee about Mr Tanabalan’s involvement in the defendant’s business
despite his status as an undischarged bankrupt, the plaintiff took the
position that Mdm Mageswari is “not involved in the business [of the
defendant] at all”. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 36, paragraph 6.

75 I accept Mdm Mageswari’s evidence as to her involvement in the defendant
and its business. It is true that she displayed first-hand knowledge of the
defendant’s administrative and financial affairs both in her affidavits and in
her cross-examination. But I accept that Mr Tanabalan was responsible entirely
for the business and operations of the defendant. It appears to me that the
only reason Mr Tanabalan did not take on formal appointment as a director of
the defendant is because, as an undischarged bankrupt since June 1998, 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

B606/1998; affidavit of TLCA dated 12 April 2016, page 52; affidavit of TLCA
dated 28 July 2016, paragraph 13.

s 148 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) prohibits him from doing so.

76 The plaintiff made great play of the fact that Mdm Mageswari had certain
duties as a director – including a duty of care – which she cannot avoid by
minimising her role in the defendant. That is undoubtedly true. But Mdm
Mageswari’s duties as a director – whether under statute, in equity or at
common law – are duties owed to the defendant, not to the plaintiff. And the
question whether Mdm Mageswari is in contempt of court in the manner charged
by the plaintiff is quite a different question from whether Mdm Mageswari
breached any of the duties which she owes to the defendant.

77 I now turn to the specific charges against Mdm Mageswari.

First charge

78 The first charge against Mdm Mageswari is that she intentionally affirmed
an affidavit of assets in August 2012 without having any personal knowledge of
the facts in that affidavit.

79 The gravamen of this charge cannot be that Mdm Mageswari intentionally
affirmed an affidavit of assets. That is not a breach of the injunction: the
defendant was obliged to affirm an affidavit of assets by paragraph 2 of the
mareva injunction. It is natural that Mdm Mageswari, as the defendant’s sole
director, should be the deponent of that affidavit. The gravamen of the first
charge is not even that the affidavit of assets was false or misleading. That
is the gravamen of the second charge against Mdm Mageswari. The gravamen of
the first charge is simply that Mdm Mageswari affirmed the affidavit of assets
without having personal knowledge of the truth of its contents.

80 I hold that Mdm Mageswari is not in contempt of court on this charge.
Consistently with my finding about Mdm Mageswari’s involvement in the business
of the defendant (see [75] above), I am prepared to assume in favour of the
plaintiff that Mdm Mageswari did in fact affirm the defendant’s affidavit of
assets without personal knowledge of its contents. But that act alone is not a
breach of the mareva injunction and is not, in itself, a contempt of court.

81 First, there is nothing in the mareva injunction which requires the
deponent of the affidavit of assets to affirm it from personal knowledge.
There is therefore no breach of the injunction, whether by the defendant or by
Mdm Mageswari as the defendant’s sole director and deponent of that affidavit.

82 Second, a party is permitted by O 41 r 5(2) of the Rules of Court to rely
on an affidavit in interlocutory proceedings whose contents are deposed to
based on information or belief. A deponent who has no personal knowledge of
the contents of an affidavit which she affirms is nevertheless permitted by
the rules of civil procedure to affirm that affidavit on the basis of
information from sources which the deponent believes to be true so long as the
affidavit is for use in interlocutory proceedings. This rule applies equally
to a deponent such as Mdm Mageswari who affirms an affidavit of assets filed
pursuant to a discovery order in aid of a mareva injunction. That is no less
an affidavit for use in interlocutory proceedings than an affidavit filed in
support of or in opposition to an interlocutory application.

83 Third, Mdm Mageswari drew the distinction in the affidavit of assets
between evidence given upon information and belief and information which she
knew to be true from her own personal knowledge. Thus, she acknowledged
explicitly in the affidavit of assets that she was attesting to the values of
the 70 assets on information and belief, not from personal knowledge. In
paragraph 3 of her affidavit, she says:

With the exception of the trade receivables and cash and bank balances, the
values that I have provided for [sic] in this affidavit of the other assets
belonging to the [defendant] are estimates made to the best of my knowledge
and belief. The details of assets provided for [sic] in this affidavit are, to
the best of my knowledge, true and accurate.

84 Mdm Mageswari was perfectly entitled, under the applicable procedural
rules, to affirm the affidavit of assets on information and belief. The only
criticism which can be made of her on this score is that she failed to
identify the sources of and grounds for her belief. But that is at most a
procedural default, not a contempt of court. Complying with a discovery order
in aid of a mareva injunction, and doing so in substance in a way which the
procedural rules permit, is not a contempt of court in itself.

85 I therefore find that Mdm Mageswari is not in contempt of court on the
first charge.

Second charge

86 The second charge is that Mdm Mageswari misled the court and the plaintiff
by intentionally providing inaccurate and inflated values for each asset
listed in the affidavit of assets, despite being fully aware that the values
were incorrect.

87 I hold that Mdm Mageswari is not in contempt of court on this charge.

88 In the affidavit of assets, Mdm Mageswari listed individually 70 assets
owned by the defendant. Her list set out a brief description of each asset,
the number of units of the asset owned, the unit value of that asset and the
total value of that set of assets. The unit values ranged from $3,000 to
$550,000. The total value of the 70 assets was stated to be $3.26m.

89 To succeed on the second charge, the plaintiff must satisfy me beyond
reasonable doubt on two points. First, that the values which Mdm Mageswari set
out in the affidavit of assets are in fact inaccurate or inflated. Second,
that Mdm Mageswari misled the court and the plaintiff by intentionally
providing those inaccurate or inflated values.

90 In order for the plaintiff to succeed on the first point – the inaccurate
valuations – the plaintiff must establish that the values which Mdm Mageswari
gave in the defendant’s affidavit of assets were inaccurate at the time she
affirmed the affidavit. The reason for this is obvious. Mdm Mageswari cannot
be in contempt of court if the values she gave were accurate when she affirmed
her affidavit but fell subsequently, whether because of a deterioration in the
condition of those assets, a deterioration in the value of those assets or a
deterioration in the market for those assets.

91 Mdm Mageswari accepted in cross-examination that the valuations which she
set out in the affidavit of assets were, in point of fact, inaccurate at that
time: 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Transcript dated 1 August 2017, page 32 line 16 onwards.

Q: Yes. Having read this, do you accept that your affidavit filed on … 28th
August 2012 in paragraph 6, the estimated value stated therein of the
equipment were inaccurate? Do you accept that?

Court: Were inaccurate as at 28th August 2012.

…

Q: Do you accept that? Yes or no?

A: Yes, it’s---yes, it’s different.

Court: What Mr Singh is asking you, … Mdm [Mageswari], is: “On the [28]th of
August 2012 when you swore your affidavit, those numbers weren’t correct on
that date. Do you accept that?

Witness: Yes.

92 In any event, the plaintiff has also adduced circumstantial evidence that
the values were inaccurate. The plaintiff’s case is that the values in the
affidavit of assets must have been inaccurate at the time she affirmed the
affidavit because Exaco’s valuation of a subset of those assets in 2013, just
over a year after Mdm Mageswari swore the affidavit of assets, was as low as
11% of the value which Mdm Mageswari had ascribed to those same assets in the
affidavit of assets in August 2012 (see [34] above). 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 29 September 2017 at paragraph 29.

The plaintiff also points out that the value realised at auction for what
remained of the Soon Lee Street assets in 2017 was a fraction of Exaco’s
valuation of those assets, which was in turn a fraction of the value which Mdm
Mageswari had ascribed to those assets in the affidavit of assets in August
2012 (see [41] and [42] above). Quite apart from Mdm Mageswari’s admission in
cross-examination that the values were inaccurate in point of fact as at
August 2012, I accept that the plaintiff has produced strong circumstantial
evidence capable of supporting a finding beyond reasonable doubt that the
values ascribed to the 70 assets were inaccurate when Mdm Mageswari affirmed
her affidavit in 2012.

93 In order for the plaintiff to succeed on the second point – as to Mdm
Mageswari’s mental element – the plaintiff must establish that Mdm Mageswari
knew at the time she swore the affidavit that the values were inaccurate. That
is the mental element which the plaintiff has alleged against Mdm Mageswari:
that she presented the inaccurate values in order intentionally to mislead the
plaintiff and the court. That is a more stringent mental element than is
ordinarily required for a finding of contempt. Ordinarily, a party or someone
acting at the direction of or on behalf of a party is liable to be committed
for contempt so long as she does an act which is ultimately a breach of the
injunction, even if she did not intend to breach the injunction or to
prejudice the administration of justice by that act (see [49(d)] above).

94 The upshot on the second charge is that the plaintiff has chosen to allege
a mental element on the second charge which is more stringent than the case
law requires. It has thereby taken on the burden of proving that more
stringent mental element.

95 I consider it entirely fair to hold the plaintiff to this more stringent
element, given that it has selected it for itself by choosing to frame its
charge in this way. Further, not to hold the plaintiff to this standard would
be quite unfair to Mdm Mageswari. She was perfectly entitled to think that her
defence on this charge would succeed if she could prove that she did not seek
intentionally to mislead either the plaintiff or the court by providing
inaccurate values for the 70 assets.

96 The evidence before me establishes that Mr Tanabalan is the person who has
at all times had personal knowledge of the defendant’s assets and their value.
I have accepted Mdm Mageswari’s evidence that she was not involved in the
technical or operations side of the defendant’s business and that that fell
solely within Mr Tanabalan’s purview. Mdm Mageswari obtained the information
on these 70 assets and their values from Mr Tanabalan for the purposes of the
affidavit of assets. The plaintiff has no evidence – only mere supposition and
speculation – that Mdm Mageswari relayed that information to the plaintiff and
to the court either: (i) knowing that the information was false; or (ii) not
believing the information to be true.

97 The plaintiff appears to suggest that it will have established the mental
element it has alleged on this charge if it establishes that Mdm Mageswari
failed to take reasonable steps to ascertain the true condition and value of
each asset before filing the affidavit of assets. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 29 September 2017 at paragraphs 25 and
38.

And the plaintiff suggests that its burden of proof on this element of the
charge is simply to show that it is more likely than not true that she failed
to do so. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 29 September 2017 at paragraph 25.

That is not correct on both counts. Negligently misstating the value of the
assets is not the mental element which the plaintiff has chosen to charge
against Mdm Mageswari. And it is not enough for the plaintiff to establish the
mental element which it has chosen charge against Mdm Mageswari merely on the
balance of probabilities.

98 The plaintiff also tries to argue that Mdm Mageswari is in contempt of
court on the second charge by reason of her failure, in the defendant’s March
2014 letter, to correct the values which she had ascribed to the defendant’s
assets in the August 2012affidavit of assets. The plaintiff points out that,
at the time Mdm Mageswari wrote the March 2014 letter, she was aware that the
plaintiff had cast doubt on the values listed in the affidavit of assets and
that Exaco had valued a subset of those assets in October 2013 at 11% of the
values she had ascribed to that subset. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 29 September 2017 at paragraph 31.

But that failure is not the gravamen of the second charge, or indeed of any
charge which the plaintiff has presented against Mdm Mageswari. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

See Notes of Argument dated 21 August 2018, page 16 line 26 to page 21 line
26.

99 I therefore find that the plaintiff has not satisfied me beyond reasonable
doubt that Mdm Mageswari intentionally sought to mislead the plaintiff and the
court by providing inaccurate values for the defendant’s assets in the
affidavit of assets. Mdm Mageswari is not in contempt of court on the second
charge.

Third charge 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 29 September 2017 at paragraphs 46 to 58
under the sub-heading (iv).

100 The third charge against Mdm Mageswari is that she intentionally
dissipated the funds in the SCB SGD account by withdrawing those funds in
March 2014 and instructing Standard Chartered Bank to close the account.

101 I hold that Mdm Mageswari is in contempt of court on the third charge.

102 It is not disputed that Mdm Mageswari instructed Standard Chartered Bank
in March 2014 to release $6,804.73 from the SCB SGD account to the defendant
and then to close the account. It is also not disputed that that sum was
received by the defendant and has been spent. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Transcript dated 1 August 2017 at page 53 lines 25 to 29 and page 54 lines 10
to 16.

Indeed, Mdm Mageswari has admitted this in the examination of judgment debtor
proceedings. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 29 September 2017, paragraph 55.

103 The injunction prohibits the disposal or dissipation of assets unless the
total unencumbered value of the defendant’s assets is more than $1.5m. Mdm
Mageswari says that, in March 2014, the defendant had set aside assets which
were worth $1.5m and which did not include the SCB SGD account. Accordingly,
she withdrew this money from the SCB SGD account believing that the mareva
injunction allowed her to do so. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Defendant’s closing submissions dated 29 November 2017 at paragraph 14.

Mdm Mageswari’s evidence is that she believed that Standard Chartered Bank had
lifted the hold on the SCB SGD account because the defendant had already set
aside assets valued at $1.5m as required by the mareva injunction.

104 Given that I have found that the values ascribed to the defendant’s assets
in the affidavit of assets were inaccurate, I am satisfied that at the time
Mdm Mageswari withdrew this money, the total value of the defendant’s assets
in Singapore was less than S$1.5m. I do not accept her explanation that she is
not in contempt of court because she believed that the bank had lifted the
hold on the SCB SGD account. A letter from Standard Chartered Bank dated 18
November 2016 confirms that the bank lifted the hold only because Mdm
Mageswari had instructed the bank to close the account. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Plaintiff’s Core Bundle of Extracts at Tab 6.

105 In any event, as this charge is framed, all that the plaintiff needs to
prove in order to establish liability for contempt is the ordinary mental
element for contempt: that Mdm Mageswari intended to do an act which the
injunction prohibits. The plaintiff does not have to prove that Mdm Mageswari
knew that the act was a breach of the injunction or that she intended to
breach the injunction.

106 Mdm Mageswari clearly intended to withdraw this money from the SCB SGD
account. She did so personally. The fact that she thought she was permitted to
withdraw the money by the terms of the mareva injunction – and therefore in
that purely subjective sense did not intend to breach the injunction – is
irrelevant on the question of liability, although possibly relevant in
mitigation.

107 I therefore find Mdm Mageswari is in contempt of court on the third
charge.

Fourth charge 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 29 September 2017 at paragraphs 39 to 45
under the sub-heading (iii).

108 The fourth charge is that Mdm Mageswari intentionally failed to disclose
all of the defendant’s assets and, in particular, concealed the details of the
defendant’s trade receivables, and concealed the existence of both a USD
account with Standard Chartered Bank (“the SCB USD account”) 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

See affidavit of SM dated 13 May 2017 (not paginated).

and a Singapore dollar account with United Overseas Bank (“the UOB SGD
account”). 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Affidavit of SM dated 13 May 2017 (not paginated).

109 I hold that Mdm Mageswari is in contempt of court on the fourth charge.

110 The plaintiff discovered the existence of SCB USD account and the UOB SGD
account only in the course of the examination of judgment debtor proceedings.
129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 29 September 2017, paragraph 42.

As the plaintiff was unaware of both of these accounts in August 2012, it did
not identify either of them specifically in the mareva injunction, as it did
with the SCB SGD account.

111 Mdm Mageswari explains that she failed to disclose these two bank accounts
in the defendant’s affidavit of assets because she did not know she had to
disclose them 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Transcript dated 1 August 2017 at page 60 lines 7 to 14 and page 65 lines 7 to
13.

and because the defendant’s lawyers failed to advise her that the defendant
had to disclose them. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Transcript dated 1 August 2017 at page 65 lines 24 to 29.

That is no excuse.

112 Paragraph 2 of the mareva injunction plainly states that the defendant
must inform the plaintiff “in writing at once of all [its] assets whether in
Singapore whether in [its] own name or not and whether solely or jointly
owned, giving the value, location and details of all such assets”. The
defendant was obliged to disclose both of these bank accounts by that
paragraph. The defendant was also obliged to give the value and details of its
accounts receivables.

113 In answering questions in cross-examination and in making submissions for
herself and for Mr Tanabalan, Mdm Mageswari proved herself well able to read,
speak and understand English. I do not accept that she needed legal advice to
understand the disclosure obligation which paragraph 2 of the mareva
injunction clearly spells out in non-legal language. Mdm Mageswari’s evidence
that she did not comply with paragraph 2 of the mareva injunction fully
because the defendant’s lawyers failed to advise her to do so does not excuse
her of contempt. It goes only towards mitigation, if anything at all.

114 I therefore find that Mdm Mageswari is in contempt of court on the fourth
charge.

Fifth charge

115 The fifth charge against Mdm Mageswari is that she intentionally, and in
order to impede the administration of justice, disposed of or dealt with the
five Transvictory assets and the 20 Singatac assets (see [24] above) by
knowingly storing these assets “with the defendant’s creditors” and later by
failing and refusing to pay the rental charges due to Singatac and by failing
and refusing to pay the debt owed to Mr Richard of Transvictory. These 25
assets were valued in the affidavit of assets at $1.275m.

116 I hold that Mdm Mageswari is not in contempt of court on the fifth charge.

117 The subject-matter of the fifth charge against Mdm Mageswari are the five
Transvictory assets and the 20 Singatac assets. No other assets are the
subject-matter of the fifth charge.

118 The plaintiff attempts to justify its case against Mdm Mageswari on the
fifth charge by pointing to the defendant’s disposal after March 2014 of the
assets which were listed in the affidavit of assets in August 2012 but which
were not listed in the defendant’s March 2014 letter. The defendant disposed
of these unlisted assets because it considered itself free to deal with them
under paragraph 1(c) and 4 of the mareva injunction on the basis that the
March 2014 letter had identified assets worth $1.5m. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 29 September 2017, paragraph 60.

Those disposals may well be a breach of the mareva injunction by the defendant
for which Mdm Mageswari can be held liable. But those disposals are not the
subject-matter of the fifth charge against Mdm Mageswari.

119 So too, the plaintiff attempts to justify its case against Mdm Mageswari
on the fifth charge by casting doubt on whether the 36 assets listed in the
March 2014 letter were ever in fact moved to and stored at the Transvictory
premises, the Singatac premises or the Soon Lee Street premises. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 29 September 2017, paragraph 62.

That too is not the subject-matter of the fifth charge against Mdm Mageswari.

120 The plaintiff’s submissions on the fifth charge appear to be that Mdm
Mageswari is in contempt simply because: (a) the defendant is in breach of the
mareva injunction; and (b) Mdm Mageswari is a director of the defendant. That
is not the case which the plaintiff advanced against Mdm Mageswari in the
relevant O 52 r 2(2) statement. The case against Mdm Mageswari asserted there
is that she is in contempt of court because: (a) storing the Transvictory
assets with Transvictory and the Singatac assets with Singatac is a breach of
the mareva injunction by the defendant; (b) Mdm Mageswari personally caused
the defendant to be in breach of the injunction in that way; and (c) Mdm
Mageswari therby intended to impede the administration of justice. Given my
findings as to Mdm Mageswari’s involvement in the business and operations of
the defendant, I am satisfied that Mdm Mageswari did not personally cause the
defendant to store these 25 assets at the Transvictory and Singatac premises.

121 In any event, I am also not satisfied that the defendant breached the
mareva injunction in relation to the subject-matter of the fifth charge. I
analyse this in greater detail when considering Mr Tanabalan’s liability on
the similar charges presented against him (see [174] to [197] below). In
brief, I do not consider that the plaintiff has discharged its burden of
proving that the sale of these 25 assets by Transvictory and Singatac in the
circumstances which the plaintiff posits to be the case for each set of assets
amounts to a disposal by the defendant within the meaning of paragraph 1(a) of
the mareva injunction.

122 I therefore find that Mdm Mageswari is not in contempt of court on the
fifth charge.

Sixth charge 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 29 September 2017 at paragraphs 67 to
74.

123 The sixth charge against Mdm Mageswari is that she: (i) intentionally
removed five of the Soon Lee Street assets from the Soon Lee Street premises;
(ii) moved those five assets to a different location without accounting for
them to the plaintiff; and (iii) deliberately concealed and refused to inform
the plaintiff where four out of those five assets are now located.

124 The gravamen of the sixth charge is not that the defendant dealt with or
disposed of the Soon Lee Street assets in breach of paragraph 1(a) of the
mareva injunction. That is not what the plaintiff alleges in this charge. The
gravamen of the sixth charge is that the defendant’s act in moving the Soon
Lee Street assets and its failure to disclose their new location is in itself
a dealing with the five assets. As the plaintiff submits: 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 29 September 2017 at paragraph 74.

The Plaintiffs humbly submit that by deliberately moving these 5 assets to
another location, and subsequently refusing to inform the Plaintiffs of the
location and/or address of the said assets albeit being directed to do so by
the Court on numerous occasions, [Mdm] Mageswari is clearly in contempt of
Court for dealing with and/or diminishing the value of the assets, and
potentially disposing of the same.

125 This charge therefore has two limbs: deliberately moving the five assets
subsequently refusing to inform the plaintiff of their location. It is
critical that, on the first limb, the plaintiff does not allege that the
defendant has disposed of these five assets: the highest it puts its case is
that the defendant has “potentially” disposed of these assets. I do not
consider that the defendant is in contempt of court on either limb. Mdm
Mageswari’s liability for contempt as the sole director of the defendant
therefore does not even arise.

126 On the first limb, simply moving the Soon Lee Street assets is not a
dealing with the assets. There is nothing in the mareva injunction which
forbids the defendant from moving its assets. I do not consider moving assets
to be a dealing with the assets. Simply moving assets does not interfere with
the defendant’s right to and interest in the economic value of the asset,
which is what the mareva is designed to preserve. I also do not accept that
the plaintiff has established beyond reasonable doubt that it was Mdm
Mageswari herself who “deliberately” moved these assets, as the plaintiff has
alleged.

127 On the second limb, the plaintiff must establish a breach by the defendant
of the disclosure obligation in the mareva for which Mdm Mageswari can be held
responsible in contempt. If all that the plaintiff can show is that Mdm
Mageswari is personally in breach of a court order made in the examination of
judgment debtor proceedings, that is for the plaintiff to pursue separately. A
failure of that sort is not the subject-matter of either of the two committal
applications which Mdm Mageswari now faces.

128 The only way for the plaintiff to succeed on the second limb of the sixth
charge, therefore, is to show that the defendant’s failure to disclose the
location of the Soon Lee Street assets is a breach of the defendant’s
mandatory disclosure obligation under the mareva injunction for which Mdm
Mageswari can be held to be in contempt. The only provision of the mareva
injunction which is mandatory and which requires the defendant to disclose the
location of its assets is paragraph 2. The plaintiff’s case appears to be that
paragraph 2 of the mareva injunction imposes a continuing obligation on the
defendant to update the plaintiff as to the location of its assets from time
to time.

129 I reject the plaintiff’s case. I consider paragraph 2 to impose a one-off
disclosure obligation and not a continuing one. I say that for three reasons.

130 First, paragraph 2 of the mareva injunction is in terms a one-off
disclosure obligation. It requires the defendant to disclose its assets at
once and to verify that disclosure by affidavit within 21 days of service. It
says nothing about further disclosures. Nothing in paragraph 2 – or indeed
elsewhere in the mareva injunction – obliges the defendant to file further
affidavits of assets from time to time to bring the facts set out in it up to
date as they change. In my view, once the defendant filed its affidavit of
assets in August 2012, the defendant’s obligation under paragraph 2 of the
mareva injunction was discharged and the coercive effect of that paragraph was
spent.

131 The second reason I say that paragraph 2 imposes a one-off obligation and
not a continuing obligation is that the mareva injunction makes express
provision for periodicity when it imposes a continuing obligation. Thus,
paragraph 4 of the injunction requires the defendant to “account to the
[p]laintiffs monthly” for asset disposals in the ordinary course of business.
There is no similar specification of periodicity in paragraph 2.

132 Finally, the plaintiff itself read paragraph 2 of the mareva injunction as
imposing a one-off obligation. In two letters from the plaintiff’s solicitors
to the defendant’s trial solicitors in September 2013, 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 20 June 2016, paragraph 17 and pages 38 and 39.

the plaintiff’s solicitors asked the defendant to give “an accurate and
updated account of [its] assets” and asked the defendant to do so voluntarily
in order to obviate a further application to the court. The plaintiff’s
solicitors did not take the position that this update by affidavit was an
existing obligation of the defendant under paragraph 2 of the mareva
injunction. That is why the plaintiff’s solicitors expressly gave notice of an
intention to apply for a further order to compel the disclosure. If paragraph
2 imposed a continuing obligation on the defendant to disclose its assets, the
plaintiff would not have written this letter, or at least not in these terms.

133 A one-off disclosure obligation is consistent both with the purpose of a
mareva injunction and also with the purpose of discovery in aid of a mareva
injunction. The effect of a mareva injunction is to impose a personal
obligation on a defendant prohibiting it from dealing with or disposing of its
assets up to a certain value until the plaintiff’s claim has been determined.
The purpose of the prohibition is to avoid any judgment which the plaintiff
might obtain being rendered nugatory. It is not the purpose of a mareva
injunction to require the defendant to account to the plaintiff for all
movements in its assets, where those movements fall short of a prohibited
dealing or disposal.

134 Further, the purpose of disclosure in aid of a mareva injunction is to
compel the defendant to let the plaintiff to know “at once”: (i) what the
defendant’s assets are and their value; and (ii) where the defendant’s assets
can be found. With that information in hand, the plaintiff can take an
informed decision soon after the injunction is granted whether it needs to
take any further steps for additional protection against the defendant dealing
with or disposing of its assets contrary to the mareva injunction. These
further steps include putting third parties on notice of the terms of the
injunction and, most importantly in the present context, further applications
to court for additional disclosure or prohibitions. It is for the plaintiff to
apply to court and to make out a case for the further orders necessary to put
in place the further protection. In short, if a plaintiff wants a defendant to
have a continuing obligation to disclose changes in the physical location of
assets, it is for the plaintiff to ask the court to order the defendant to
provide that disclosure upon showing a justification for it. A mareva
injunction in the form granted in this case does not, in itself, contain or
imply any such continuing obligation.

135 A defendant may keep a plaintiff updated as to any changes in the physical
location of its assets even if those changes do not amount to a prohibited
dealing with or disposal of its assets. Indeed, the defendant did so in this
case in March 2014. But a defendant who does so volunteers to do so and does
not do so pursuant to any obligation under the injunction.

136 I therefore find that there is no breach of the mareva injunction on the
sixth charge. The fact is that the defendant moved the Soon Lee Street assets.
However, it is not part of the plaintiff’s case on this charge that the
defendant dealt with or disposed of the assets in a manner prohibited by the
mareva injunction. It appears that the defendant had to move these assets as
they posed a safety hazard. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Defendant’s closing submissions dated 29 November 2017 at paragraph 16.

137 In its reply submissions, the plaintiff alleges that many of the Soon Lee
Street assets were not found in the warehouse in which the defendant said that
they were stored. But the plaintiff does not go further to adopt as part of
its case an allegation that the defendant has dealt with or disposed of the
missing assets.

138 The plaintiff also alleges that the descriptions of the Soon Lee Street
assets in the August 2012 affidavit of assets are inaccurate. It is not open
to the plaintiff to rely on this as an additional ground of contempt. It is
raised for the first time only in the reply submissions. The respondents have
had no proper chance to respond effectively to this additional ground. In any
event, the variance between the descriptions of the assets and the assets
found at the warehouse is, in the grand scheme of things, minor.

Seventh charge

139 The seventh charge is that Mdm Mageswari intentionally failed or refused
to account to the plaintiff for the money which the defendant spent on
“ordinary living expenses”, “legal advice and representation”, and in the
“ordinary and proper course of business” as required by paragraphs 3 and 4 of
the injunction. Of course, the term “ordinary living expenses” is wholly
inapposite for a corporate defendant. But the plaintiff relies on the fact
that Mdm Mageswari failed to disclose the defendants’ expenditure on legal
fees and in the ordinary course of business. This includes: (i) legal fees
paid to Straits Law Practice LLC for the trial and appeal in the sum of
$175,000; (ii) legal fees paid to Attorneys Inc LLC amounting to $46,132;
(iii) payments to the defendant’s suppliers amounting to $2.3m; (iv) monthly
rent paid for the defendant’s premises at 13 Tuas Avenue 11; and (v) the
$300,000 loan which the defendant obtained from Transvictory.

140 I hold that Mdm Mageswari is guilty of contempt on the seventh charge.

141 The injunction clearly says, in plain language and without any
qualification, that the defendant is obliged to disclose to the plaintiff or
its lawyers: (i) where the money which is to be spent on legal advice is to
come from before the money is spent, and (ii) the amount of money spent
monthly on expenses paid in the ordinary and proper course of business. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Plaintiff’s Core Bundle of Extracts at Tab 1, p 3.

I fail to see how Mdm Mageswari could have misunderstood the plain language of
the order. Mdm Mageswari was personally responsible for the financial aspects
of the defendant’s business. This was not an aspect of the defendant’s
business which fell within Mr Tanabalan’s purview.

142 Mr Simon Tan for the respondents accepts that it is not a defence in law
for Mdm Mageswari to say that the defendant’s lawyers advised her that there
was no obligation to make these disclosures. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Transcript dated 1 August 2017 at page 9, line 26 to 30 to page 10, line 2.

The fact that a contemnor acted on legal advice goes only to mitigation and
not to liability: Summit Holdings Ltd and another v Business Software Alliance
[1999] 2 SLR(R) 592 at [52].

143 It is also the case that the plaintiff was obviously aware
contemporaneously that the defendant was failing to comply with these plain
and unqualified continuing obligations under the mareva injunction but did
nothing to follow up with the defendant on or to enforce any of these
obligations for years. But that too goes only to mitigation.

144 I therefore find Mdm Mageswari is in contempt of court on the seventh
charge.

Mr Tanabalan

145 I turn now to the seven charges of contempt against Mr Tanabalan.

The basis of liability for contempt as against Mr Tanabalan

146 As in the case of Mdm Mageswari, the plaintiff is entitled to hold Mr
Tanabalan directly liable for the defendant’s contempts under O 45 r 5(1)(ii).
There are two grounds on which the plaintiff can do that.

147 The first ground is on the basis that Mr Tanabalan is a person in
accordance with whose directions or instructions Mdm Mageswari – as the only
formally-appointed director of the defendant – was and is accustomed to act.
This is borne out by Mdm Mageswari’s evidence. She testified that she relied
entirely on Mr Tanabalan to take care of the commercial aspects of the
defendant’s business while she handled only the administrative aspects. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Affidavit of SM dated 26 July 2016 at paragraphs 7 and 8.

On that basis, plaintiff could have argued that Mr Tanabalan was a “director”
of the company within the extended definition of a “director” in s 4 of the
Companies Act even though he was not formally appointed a director (and indeed
could not have been, being an undischarged bankrupt). A person within the
extended definition of “director” is what is commonly called a “shadow
director”. That would have sufficed to bring Mr Tanabalan within the meaning
of “director” in O 45 r 5(1)(ii).

148 The second ground in which the plaintiff is entitled to hold Mr Tanabalan
directly responsible for the defendant’s alleged contempt of court is simply
by virtue of his status as the general manager of the defendant. Order 45 r
5(1)(ii) allows an order of committal to issue against “a director or other
officer” of a body corporate which has breached an injunction. Section 4 of
the Companies Act defines an “officer” of a corporation as including “a person
employed in an executive capacity by the corporation”. Mr Tanabalan, on his
own evidence, held an executive position in the defendant.

149 Again, for some reason, the plaintiff has chosen to make its case more
difficult for itself than it has to be. In the O 52 r 2(2) statement against
Mr Tanabalan, the plaintiff asserts that it is proceeding against Mr Tanabalan
as a person who has “knowingly assisted in and/or permitted a breach of the
[m]areva [i]njunction”. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 11 November 2016 at page 23, paragraph 21.

That echoes the words of paragraph 8 of the injunction dealing with the
liability of a third party for contempt of court (see [11(h)] above). The
plaintiff’s classification of Mr Tanabalan as a third party, and not as being
directly responsible for the defendant’s acts, has important consequences for
the mental element which the plaintiff must prove against Mr Tanabalan. I deal
with this in more detail at [150] below.

The mental element as against Mr Tanabalan

150 The plaintiff’s decision to frame its case against Mr Tanabalan as third-
party liability under paragraph 8 of the mareva injunction has important
implications for the mental element which the plaintiff must prove as against
Mr Tanabalan. Against a respondent who is directly answerable under O 45 r
5(1)(ii) for a corporation’s contempt, a plaintiff ordinarily needs only to
show an intent to do an act which is in fact a breach of the injunction.

151 However, in order to succeed in establishing contempt against a respondent
who is a third party, such as (on the plaintiff’s case) Mr Tanabalan, the
plaintiff must show “a specific intent on the part of the third party … to
impede or prejudice the due administration of justice” (see Pertamina Energy
at [63]). The plaintiff therefore accepts 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 9 April 2018, at paragraph 22.

that, in order to establish that Mr Tanabalan in contempt, it must satisfy me
beyond reasonable doubt that Mr Tanabalan had a specific intent to impede or
prejudice the due administration of justice.

152 I pause to make an additional point. It is clear from both respondents’
evidence that Mr Tanabalan has, throughout the period that the defendant was
subject to the mareva injunction, been in breach of both limbs of s 148 of the
Companies Act. That provision prohibits an undischarged bankrupt from
“act[ing] as director of, or directly or indirectly tak[ing] part in or
[being] concerned in the management of, any corporation, except with the leave
of the Court or the written permission of the Official Assignee”. That said, a
breach of s 148 is neither a subject of any of the charges of contempt which
are before me nor relevant to Mr Tanabalan’s liability for contempt on any of
the charges which are before me. I therefore say no more on this point.

153 I turn now to address each of the charges against Mr Tanalaban.

First charge

154 The first charge against Mr Tanabalan is that he deliberately assisted Mdm
Mageswari in preparing the affidavit of assets and provided inaccurate and
misleading values for the assets listed in the affidavit.

155 I hold that Mr Tanabalan is not in contempt of court on the first charge.

156 It is correct that Mr Tanabalan provided the information to Mdm Mageswari
which formed the content of the affidavit of assets which she then affirmed
for the defendant. But the first charge against Mr Tanabalan is based on
inaccurate information alone and does not involve any alleged dealing with or
disposal of the defendant's assets.

157 As in the case of the second charge against Mdm Mageswari, the plaintiff
has taken on the burden of proving beyond reasonable doubt that Mr Tanabalan
deliberately – ie with knowledge that the values of the assets were misleading
and inaccurate – gave Mdm Mageswari the misleading and inaccurate values and
that he intended to prejudice the due administration of justice by doing so.
The plaintiff has not satisfied me beyond reasonable doubt that either was the
case in August 2012. The fact that the assets were valued in 2013 at a
fraction of the value ascribed to them by Mr Tanabalan and that some of them
fetched even lower values when auctioned in 2017 suffices for a finding beyond
reasonable doubt that the values were in fact inaccurate. However, that does
not suffice for a finding beyond reasonable doubt as to Mr Tanabalan’s mental
element in August 2012.

Second charge

158 The second charge against Mr Tanabalan is that he intentionally dissipated
the monies in the defendant’s bank accounts.

159 I hold that Mr Tanabalan is not in contempt of court on the second charge.

160 The charge against Mr Tanabalan is not fleshed out or particularised
anywhere in the plaintiff’s closing submissions. In the circumstances, I do
not think it appropriate to find Mr Tanabalan liable for contempt on a charge
which is so lacking in particulars. The lack of particulars is such as to
deprive Mr Tanabalan of a reasonable opportunity to know the case against him
and to respond to it effectively.

161 In any event, I have accepted on the facts that it was Mdm Mageswari, and
not Mr Tanabalan, who was responsible for the administrative aspects of the
defendant. This includes dealing with the defendant’s banks and bank accounts.
143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 9 April 2018, paragraph 6(ii).

I cannot find beyond reasonable doubt that Mr Tanabalan, as a third party, did
anything knowingly to assist Mdm Mageswari or to permit Mdm Mageswari to
breach the mareva injunction in the manner alleged in this charge.

Third charge

162 The substance of the third charge against Mr Tanabalan is aligned with the
first charge in the plaintiff’s O 52 r 2(2) statement: “Failing to take due
care of the items under the [m]areva [i]njunction and adopting a callous
attitude towards the items”.

163 As the plaintiff puts it: 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Plaintiffs’ written submissions dated 29 September 2017, paragraph 96.

When questioned what he had done with the assets which were not accounted for
in the letter dated 24 March 2014, Tanabalan confirmed at the hearing that the
remaining items were either sold or given way. This in itself is contempt of
Court as Tanabalan had himself testified that he was aware that he was not
permitted to dissipate, dispose or deal with the Defendants' assets. More so
given the fact that both Tanabalan and Mageswari were aware that the values
provided in the affidavit dated 28 August 2012 were inaccurate.

164 The plaintiff puts the third charge against Mr Tanabalan as follows: 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 9 April 2018, paragraph 35.

It is the Plaintiffs’ case that the Defendants had deliberately overvalued the
assets in their affidavit of assets dated 28 August 2012 in order to allow
them to engage in a course of conduct that would allegedly permit them to
dispose of assets protected by the Mareva injunction, under the false pretence
that the disposal of the same would be “justified” based on the notion that
values the remaining assets [sic] would not fall below $1,500,000.00.

165 I hold that Mr Tanabalan is liable for contempt on the third charge.

166 The defendant was obliged under paragraph 1(a) of the mareva injunction
not to dispose of or deal with or diminish the value of any of its assets up
to the value of $1.5m. When the defendant discontinued its operations at 13
Tuas Avenue 11 in March 2014, it identified 36 out of the 70 assets listed in
its affidavit of assets which the defendant claimed were worth $1.5m. Those
assets were then stored at the Transvictory premises, the Singatac premises
and the Soon Lee Street premises. It is not disputed that the defendant
disposed of the other 34 assets not moved to any of these premises on the
basis that the mareva injunction permitted the disposals because the value of
the defendant’s remaining assets in Singapore – the 36 assets identified in
the March 2014 letter – remained no less than $1.5m. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Transcript dated 1 August 2017 at page 104, lines 5 to 14.

Mr Tanabalan was the person in charge of: (i) moving the 36 assets from the
defendant’s premises to the three premises; (ii) of ascribing values to these
36 assets in the affidavit of assets in 2012, which were then repeated in the
March 2014 letter; and (iii) of disposing of the remaining 34 assets. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Transcript dated 1 August 2017 at page 104, lines 12 to 27 and page 106, lines
20 to 24.

167 I find that Mr Tanabalan’s disposal of the remaining 34 assets was a
breach of the mareva injunction in that it assisted or permitted the
defendant’s breach of the injunction.

168 Where an alleged contemnor argues that he is permitted to deal with assets
subject to a mareva injunction because the defendant has sufficient other
assets to meet the financial threshold in the mareva injunction, the burden
lies on the alleged contemnor to show that that is indeed the case: Daltel
Europe Limited and others v Hassan Ali Makki and others [2005] EWHC 749 (Ch)
(“Daltel”) at [33]. This is a legal or persuasive burden, not a mere
evidential burden: Daltel at [35]. Mr Tanabalan therefore bears the legal
burden of proving that the 36 assets listed in the March 2014 letter and set
aside at these three premises did indeed amount in value to at least $1.5m as
he stated, through Mdm Mageswari, in the 2012 affidavit of assets and the
March 2014 letter.

169 Mr Tanabalan, however, has no evidence to show that these 36 assets were
worth, either in 2012 or in 2014, the values which he ascribed to them. And
what evidence there is before me suggests that they were not.

170 The biggest difficulty for Mr Tanalaban is the difference between the
claimed values of the 36 assets and the values given by Exaco to a subset of
those assets in 2013 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions dated 29 September 2017 at paragraph 29.

and the values realised at auction for some of those assets in 2017. It is, of
course, true that the auction was a forced sale. It is also true that the
lapse of time between the date on which these 36 assets were valued at $1.5m
and the date on which these assets were force-sold may have resulted either in
a deterioration in the condition of the assets or a deterioration in the
market for the assets or both. All of this may have resulted in the realised
values being much lower than the declared values. But Mr Tanabalan, as the
party with the burden on this issue, has produced no evidence of any such
deterioration. And the difference between the values is so vast as to suggest
strongly that the 36 assets which Mr Tanabalan set aside did not amount in
value to $1.5m when he set them aside. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions dated 29 September 2017 at paragraphs 29 and
34.

171 Mr Tanabalan’s disposal of the remaining 34 assets after March 2014
therefore took place at a time when he cannot prove that the value of the
defendant’s assets frozen by the injunction and preserved by the defendant
exceeded $1.5m. That is a breach of the mareva injunction.

172 As for the mental element, I note that Mr Tanabalan decided to rely on his
own valuation of the 36 assets when he set them aside in order purportedly to
comply with the injunction. Mr Tanabalan made no effort to obtain an
independent valuation of the assets from a third party to support his own
self-serving valuation. From that, I draw the inference that Mr Tanabalan knew
that the 36 assets which he had chosen to set aside were not worth $1.5m. I
find also that he knew that the disposal of the remaining assets would
prejudice the administration of justice in that it would render the judgment
which the plaintiff ultimately secured either worthless or worth less.

173 I therefore find Mr Tanabalan liable for contempt on the third charge.

Fourth charge

174 The fourth charge against Mr Tanabalan is that he deliberately failed to
make payment of the rent due and owing to Singatac.

175 I hold that Mr Tanabalan is not in contempt of court on the fourth charge.

176 Mr Tanabalan’s evidence is that he moved 20 out of the 36 assets listed in
the March 2014 letter to Singatac’s premises in March 2014. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Affidavit of RT dated 3 June 2016 at paragraph 6.

His evidence is that Singatac agreed that the defendant could leave those
assets there for an unspecified period 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Transcript dated 1 August 2017 at page 121, lines 3 to 8.

at a rent of $1,000 per month. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Transcript dated 1 August 2017 at page 117, lines 20 to 24.

Mr Tan’s evidence is that the agreement was for the assets to be stored at the
Singatac premises for only two months for $2,000. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 11 November 2016 at p 304.

Further, Mr Tanabalan knew that Singatac had written in May 2014 to ask the
defendant to remove the assets from the premises. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 11 November 2016 at p 310.

He informed the defendant’s former solicitors by email dated 24 June 2014 that
Singatac was asking the defendant to remove the Singatac assets. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 21 November 2016 at page 136.

177 The evidence also shows that during this time, the defendant used the UOB
SGD account as a trading account. And for the year 2014 at least, there were
substantial sums paid into and out of that account which could have been used
to pay rent or to procure alternative premises to safeguard these assets
instead. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Affidavit of SM dated 26 September 2016 at pages 102 to 123.

Mr Tanabalan, however, did neither. He simply left these assets at Singatac.
Singatac ultimately scrapped the assets in December 2014. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 11 November 2016 at page 306.

178 Despite this, I do not accept that Mr Tanabalan is in contempt of court on
the fourth charge. I say that for three reasons.

179 First, the mareva injunction is a personal injunction directed at a
defendant prohibiting it from dealing with its own assets up to a certain
value until the plaintiff’s claim is adjudicated. A mareva injunction
circumscribes a defendant’s conduct in relation to its own assets only to the
extent prohibited by the injunction. A mareva injunction is, of course,
susceptible to a purposive interpretation. But a purposive interpretation can
only go so far, particularly when committal to prison for contempt is the
potential consequence of a breach. Certainly, a purposive interpretation
cannot go so far as to change the core prohibitory obligation of a mareva
injunction or the fundamental nature of the core obligation.

180 The fourth charge which the plaintiff asserts against Mr Tanabalan posits
that a mareva injunction imposes by implication on a third party a mandatory
obligation – on penalty of committal for contempt and possibly being
imprisoned – to take positive steps to allocate the third party’s own
resources to preserve the defendant's assets until the plaintiff secures its
judgment. It is going very far indeed to imply a mandatory provision of that
sort into what is essentially a prohibitory injunction. It is going even
further to make that binding on a third party in the position of Mr Tanabalan.

181 Second, the position argued for by the plaintiff seems to me to amount to
the court ordering the defendant to bestow on the plaintiff an added positive
“benefit” – over and above the defendant’s negative obligation not to deal
with or dispose of its assets – so that the defendant keeps itself in a
position to meet a possible future judgment in a plaintiff’s favour. Where the
defendant’s most valuable assets are, as here, large and bulky, storage costs
for those assets can be substantial. And interpreting a mareva injunction, in
itself, as requiring the defendant to bear those costs for the plaintiff’s
ultimate benefit would go far too far. That is especially so considering that
12 to 18 months can elapse between the grant of a mareva injunction pre-trial
and the plaintiff securing a judgment at trial.

182 Third, I accept that the defendant lacked the financial resources to pay
the rent for the Singatac assets. Mr Tanabalan has deposed that the defendant
was facing severe financial difficulties in 2013. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Affidavit of RT dated 3 June 2016 at paragraph 18.

He has deposed further that the mareva injunction crippled his cash flow and
that the defendant’s operations and business ground to a halt. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Affidavit of RT dated 3 June 2016 at paragraph 25.

I accept both aspects of his evidence. There is evidence from the Central
Provident Fund Board that from June 2015, the defendant had only two employees
left: Mdm Mageswari and Mr Tanabalan. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Affidavit of SM dated 26 September 2016 at page 197.

183 Although, as I have noted earlier, the defendant had substantial sums
moving in and out of its UOB SGD account, the withdrawals typically exceeded
the deposits, resulting in overdrafts. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Affidavit of SM dated 26 September 2016 at pages 102 to 123.

There is nothing to suggest that these withdrawals and deposits were incurred
otherwise than in the ordinary course of the defendant’s business. There is
also nothing to suggest any collusion between the defendant and Singatac so as
to justify attributing Singatac’s disposal of the Singatac assets to the
defendant or to Mr Tanabalan, as a third party.

184 Even if it is possible to read into this mareva injunction a mandatory
obligation on the respondent to allocate the defendant’s resources in order to
preserve its assets for the plaintiff’s benefit, it cannot be that the
defendant – let alone a third party in Mr Tanabalan’s position – risks
committal and possibly being imprisoned simply because the defendant has
insufficient financial means to ensure that its assets are preserved.

185 In the circumstances, it does not appear to me that the plaintiff has
proven beyond reasonable doubt that the defendant’s failure to pay rent to
Singatac, such that Singatac disposed of the Singatac assets, puts the
defendant itself in breach of the mareva injunction, let alone that Mr
Tanabalan assisted or permitted the defendant to fail to pay rent to Singatac
with the intention to prejudice the due administration of justice.

186 I therefore hold that Mr Tanabalan is not in contempt of court on the
fourth charge.

Fifth and sixth charges

187 I deal with the fifth and sixth charges against Mr Tanabalan together, as
they arise from essentially the same underlying facts. Both charges arise from
Mr Tanabalan’s decision to store some of the defendant’s assets at
Transvictory’s premises. The fifth charge is that Mr Tanabalan deliberately
failed to repay the defendant’s $300,000 debt to Transvictory which led to
Transvictory disposing of the Transvictory assets. The sixth charge is that Mr
Tanabalan deliberately placed the Transvictory assets with a creditor of the
defendant, ie, Transvictory.

188 The plaintiff’s case is that the defendant owed Transvictory money and
failed to repay the debt, which led Transvictory to dispose of the defendant’s
assets stored at its premises. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 11 November 2016 at p 314.

The gravamen of both of these charges is therefore that Mr Tanabalan exposed
the Transvictory assets to seizure and sale by a creditor of the defendant, at
a time when the defendant was under an obligation not to deal with or dispose
of those assets, with the intention to impede the administration of justice.

189 I hold that Mr Tanabalan is not in contempt on the fifth and sixth
charges.

190 I first note that the evidence as to who actually disposed of the assets
at Transvictory’s premises, and when they did so, is in contention. Mr
Tanabalan contends that Transvictory sold the assets in late 2015. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Affidavit of RT dated 3 June 2016 at paragraph 12.

Transvictory denies this through solicitors. Transvictory’s solicitors have
also pointed out that Mr Tanabalan had uninhibited access to the Transvictory
assets and suggested that Mr Tanabalan could well have removed the assets
himself. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 11 November 2016 at page 316.

Mr Tanabalan denies that allegation, saying that if he had been the one who
removed the assets, his actions would have been captured on Transvictory’s
CCTV system, or he would have been stopped by its security guards. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Transcript dated 1 August 2017 at page 128, line 14 to page 129, line 20.

191 The plaintiff’s case on the fifth and sixth charges is to assume Mr
Tanabalan’s evidence to be true and to take that as the factual starting point
of its case against him on these charges. That is so even in its closing
submissions. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 29 September 2017, paragraphs 98 to 99.

It is not part of the plaintiff’s case on either the fifth or the sixth charge
that it was Mr Tanabalan who disposed of the Transvictory assets.

192 As a result, the gravamen of these two charges is not that Mr Tanabalan
disposed of the Transvictory assets directly, thereby assisting or permitting
the defendant to breach the mareva injunction. Nor does the plaintiff allege
that Mr Tanabalan disposed of the Transvictory assets indirectly by colluding
with Transvictory to have the assets seized and sold in satisfaction of the
defendant’s debt to Transvictory. Instead, the plaintiff’s case is that Mr
Tanabalan breached the mareva injunction simply by knowingly storing the
defendant’s assets with a creditor of the defendant such that the creditor
eventually seized and sold those assets.

193 I must take the plaintiff’s case as it is presented to me.

194 On the case presented to me, Transvictory’s disposal of the assets stored
on their premises cannot be attributed to Mr Tanabalan. The plaintiff has not
proven beyond reasonable doubt that Mr Tanabalan stored the defendant’s assets
at Transvictory’s premises either expressly as security for the defendant’s
debt to Transvictory or collusively, with an express or implied agreement that
Transvictory should have recourse to the assets as de facto security.

195 But even if I am wrong on that finding, the plaintiff also has not proven
beyond reasonable doubt that Mr Tanabalan intended to prejudice the due
administration of justice by storing the assets with Transvictory.

196 Another aspect of these two charges against Mr Tanabalan is that the
plaintiff claims that the defendant’s failure to commence proceedings to
recover from Transvictory the difference between the value of the Transvictory
assets and the debt due from the defendant to Transvictory is evidence of
collusion. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 29 September 2017 at paragraph 99.

According to Mr Tanabalan, the assets left with Transvictory were worth
$630,000, which far exceeded the $300,000 debt which the defendant owed to
Transvictory, leaving the defendant with a potential claim against
Transvictory for the reaming $330,000 in value. The defendant has not taken
any steps to pursue that claim against Transvictory. Mr Tanabalan’s
explanation for the failure is that the defendant did not know how to go about
it. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Transcript dated 1 August 2017 at page 113, lines 3 to 7.

The plaintiff submits that that is an abject failure to take due care of the
defendant’s assets. I accept that the defendant’s failure to commence
proceedings to recover damages from Transvictory can be explained on the basis
that the defendant did not have the funds necessary to commence further
litigation. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Defendant’s closing submissions dated 29 November 2017 at paragraph 26.

197 Mr Tanabalan is not liable for contempt on the fifth and sixth charges.

Seventh charge

198 The seventh charge against Mr Tanabalan is that he deliberately dealt with
five of the Soon Lee Street assets by moving them to a new location. This
charge parallels the sixth charge against Mdm Mageswari. For the reasons I
have set out in that analysis, the gravamen of this charge is therefore Mr
Tanabalan’s involvement in moving these five Soon Lee Street assets and his
failure to keep the plaintiff updated as to the whereabouts of these assets in
a timely fashion. The plaintiff does not allege that there has been a disposal
or dissipation of these five Soon Lee Street assets.

199 I hold that Mr Tanabalan is not in contempt of court on the seventh
charge.

200 The plaintiff has not shown why Mr Tanabalan, a third party who is not
subject to any obligation under the mareva injunction and is not said to be
the controlling mind and will of the defendant, is under any obligation to
disclose the location of the Soon Lee Street assets to the plaintiff, even if
he is responsible for moving the assets. Further, even if I assume that Mr
Tanabalan should have informed the plaintiff of the new location of the
assets, the plaintiff has not shown beyond reasonable doubt how Mr Tanabalan’s
failure to do so was intended to prejudice the due administration of justice.

201 I therefore find that Mr Tanabalan is not in contempt of court on the
seventh charge.

202 Even if the gravamen of the seventh charge is that Mr Tanabalan has
assisted or permitted the defendant to deal with the Soon Lee Street assets
simply by moving them to a new location, the plaintiff has failed to prove
beyond reasonable doubt that he did so intending to prejudice the due
administration of justice. I accept his explanation that the assets had to be
moved as they posed a safety hazard. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Defendant’s closing submissions dated 29 November 2017 at paragraph 16.

Sentence

203 I have found Mdm Mageswari to be guilty of contempt of court on the third,
fourth and seventh charges against her. I have found Mr Tanabalan to be guilty
of contempt of court on the third charge against him. I now set out my
decision on sentence.

The law

204 I first examine the guidance on sentencing for civil contempt given by the
Court of Appeal. In Mok Kah Hong, the Court of Appeal indicated that the
following factors are relevant (at [104]):

(a) whether the claimant has been prejudiced by virtue of the contempt and
whether the prejudice is capable of remedy;

(b) the extent to which the contemnor has acted under pressure;

(c) whether the breach of the order was deliberate or unintentional;

(d) the degree of culpability;

(e) whether the contemnor has been placed in breach of the order by reason of
the conduct of others;

(f) whether the contemnor appreciates the seriousness of the deliberate
breach; and

(g) whether the contemnor has co-operated.

205 The law also recognises that distinctions should be drawn between breaches
which are one-off in nature, and breaches which are either continuing or
repeated in nature: Mok Kah Hong at [103]. Where one-off breaches are
concerned, the overriding sentencing principle is punishment because there is
no longer any coercive value to the sentence ordered, given that the contemnor
is no longer in a position to remedy the breach. In the case of continuing
breaches, however, the court takes into account both punitive and coercive
elements: Tay Kar Oon at [56].

206 Another important consideration to be taken into account is whether the
contemnor’s non-compliance with the court order has become a matter of public
concern: Tay Kar Oon at [57]–[58]. There is a public interest in the upholding
of the court’s authority as expressed in orders of court.

207 Finally, it is very important to recognise that committal to prison is
normally a measure of last resort, to be utilised where the court is faced
with a recalcitrant and obstructive litigant in continuous breach: Toyota
Tsusho (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd v Foo Tseh Wan and others [2017] 4 SLR 1215 (“Toyota
Tsusho”) at [55]. As was the case in Clement Lee, where the advantage obtained
by the contemnor as a result of the breach is the ability to spend more money,
a financial sanction may be sufficient (at [49]).

208 In addition to these general principles, it is also important to recognise
three key authorities so far as breaches of mareva injunctions are concerned.

209 The first authority is the case of OCM Opportunities Fund II, LP and
others v Burhan Uray (alias Wong Ming Kiong) and others [2005] 3 SLR(R) 60
(“OCM Opportunities”), a decision of the High Court. That case involved
multiple breaches of a mareva injunction, including failures to disclose
assets and failures to attend court for cross-examination pursuant to orders
and directions given. The court found that the contemnors had deliberately
disobeyed the orders with no good excuse, under a single-minded objective of
avoiding disclosure of their assets. There was clear defiance of the authority
of the court. In the circumstances, the court ordered an imprisonment term of
six months for each contemnor.

210 The second authority is the decision of the High Court in Maruti Shipping.
In that case, the first defendant was found guilty of contempt of court for
(a) preventing the execution of an anton piller order at two different
premises; (b) withdrawing $380,000 from his bank account in breach of the
mareva injunction; (c) failing to comply with disclosure requirements in the
anton piller and mareva injunctions; and (d) failing to deliver his passport
to the plaintiff in breach of ancillary orders made by the court. The court
also made several other observations. The court noted that the defendant was a
repeat offender, having breached a mareva injunction in the past. The court
noted that the defendant, being a bankrupt, could no longer make good his
breach. And the court noted that the defendant appeared to have dragged the
proceedings on for more than three years, during which time much time and
money had been wasted. In the circumstances, the court sentenced the defendant
to six months’ imprisonment.

211 Although both of these authorities were decided before the Court of
Appeal’s decision in Mok Kah Hong, they were both cited by the Court of Appeal
in that case without any apparent disapproval.

212 Finally, I note the case of Toyota Tsusho. That case involved the breach
of disclosure obligations under a mareva injunction. The contemnor
persistently refused to disclose his assets and instead filed affidavits of
assets and means which lacked any credibility. The High Court found that the
contemnor had acted in flagrant disregard of the mareva injunction, and
sentenced him to three months’ imprisonment. I should note that that case was
decided after the Court of Appeal’s decision in Mok Kah Hong, and the guidance
given by the Court of Appeal was taken into account in the sentence imposed.

The plaintiff’s submission on sentencing

213 At this point I pause to make a point about the plaintiff’s submissions on
sentencing. The plaintiff’s initial submission, made repeatedly, was that I
should sentence Mdm Mageswari and Mr Tanabalan to six years’ imprisonment
each. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 29 September 2017 at paragraph 134;
Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 15 February 2018 at paragraphs 9 and 27;
Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 9 April 2018 at paragraph 54.

In its final submission, tailored specifically to the issue of sentencing and
filed after my decision on liability, the plaintiff submits that I should
sentence Mdm Mageswari and Mr Tanabalan to three years’ imprisonment each. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 20 August 2018 at paragraphs 11 and 39.

214 The authorities which I have cited should have made it clear to the
plaintiff and those advising it that the sentence which it has sought in its
submissions – whether imprisonment for six years or for three years – is
completely unsupported by any authority binding on me or even persuasive to me
and is excessive on any view of the law. It appears to me that the initial
submission repeatedly urging a sentence of six years’ imprisonment was put
forward not to assist the court – which is the only proper purpose of any
submission – but to intimidate and oppress the respondents. The fact that that
submission has been moderated to three years’ imprisonment in the further
submissions is equally oppressive.

215 I now turn to consider the sentences to be imposed on Mdm Mageswari and Mr
Tanabalan.

Mdm Mageswari

216 I have found Mdm Mageswari liable on the third, fourth, and seventh
charges against her. The fourth and seventh charges relate to failure to
disclose assets. The third charge relates to a disposal of assets.

217 I accept the evidence given by Mdm Mageswari that, in carrying out the
acts which form the basis of the charges for which I have found her guilty,
she: (a) relied on Mr Tanabalan and that it was reasonable of her to rely on
him; and (b) genuinely believed that she was acting on the advice of the
defendant’s solicitor, or – at the very least – that she was not acting
inconsistently with his advice. By this, what I mean is that I accept that Mdm
Mageswari subjectively thought that her actions were not in breach of the
mareva injunction. That is, of course, no defence to a charge of contempt. But
it can be mitigation.

218 I am conscious that Mdm Mageswari has failed to support this aspect of her
mitigation by putting the defendant’s solicitor’s own evidence before me. She
failed to do this even though both respondents specifically sought permission
to do so and even though I granted them that permission. As a result, I have
not heard from the defendant’s solicitor on the actual content of the advice
which he gave to Mdm Mageswari. I am therefore in no position to judge,
objectively speaking, whether the content of his advice was as Mdm Mageswari
and Mr Tanabalan have testified. I make no finding on that issue.
Nevertheless, having observed Mdm Mageswari giving her evidence and being
cross-examined on it, I accept her evidence as to how she understood the
defendant’s solicitor’s advice.

219 As the court in Tay Kar Oon noted at [53], given the gravity of an order
of committal and the fact that such proceedings are quasi-criminal in nature,
any reasonable doubt as to motive, intention or understanding should be
resolved in the contemnor’s favour. I consider that that principle applies
equally when determining the appropriate penalty for contempt as it does in
determining liability for contempt in the first place.

220 Mdm Mageswari testified in cross-examination that she believed that she
was at all times acting consistently with the advice of the defendant’s
solicitor. She maintained that position when she was making her submissions to
me orally. She maintained that position to the extent that, as her counsel
informed me in closing submissions, she was willing to waive privilege and
adduce evidence from the defendant’s former solicitor at the sentencing stage.
In the event, he declined to give evidence and, I was informed, the
respondents lacked the means to issue a subpoena to require him to attend. So
I did not hear his evidence. But, as I have said, the question before me is
not what advice the defendant’s solicitor actually gave Mdm Mageswari but how
she understood that advice. On that issue, I accept her oral evidence.

221 I therefore find that Mdm Mageswari: (a) relied on Mr Tanabalan to hold
the view – and did genuinely hold the view – that the assets which Mr
Tanabalan had set aside amounted at least to $1.5m; and (b) did hold a belief
that she was acting consistently with the legal advice received, or at the
very least, that she was not acting inconsistently with it. I therefore cannot
make a finding that she was acting in flagrant or contumelious disregard of
the mareva injunction in any of the respects which I have found her to be
liable.

222 Further, as regards the third charge against Mdm Mageswari, the amount
involved in the withdrawal from the SCB SGD account is de minimis in both
absolute and relative terms. The impact of this dealing on the underlying
purpose of the mareva injunction – to preserve assets and to protect the
plaintiff from a risk that those assets might be dissipated before judgment –
is thus not sufficient to warrant imprisonment. As I noted earlier, committal
to prison is a measure of last resort.

223 Similarly, the seventh charge against Mdm Mageswari concerns her failure
to account to the plaintiff for monies spent on legal advice and in the
ordinary and proper course of business. That failure is a failure to disclose
sums which the defendant would have been entitled to spend in any event. It
also bears noting that the plaintiff did not press for this disclosure
contemporaneously, from month to month after the injunction was granted in
August 2012, even though it must have been apparent to the plaintiff and its
solicitors that the defendant was in persistent breach of this provision. The
plaintiff complained of this failure only at the time it sought committal for
contempt. That suggests to me that the defendant’s failure did not cause the
plaintiff, on its own assessment, any substantial prejudice.

224 I find further that the fact that the plaintiff did not press the
respondents to make this disclosure on behalf of the defendant
contemporaneously further contributed to the defendant’s erroneous assumption
– which at the very least was not inconsistent with the legal advice received
– that this disclosure was not required (see Clement Lee at [47]).

Mr Tanabalan

225 I have found him Mr Tanabalan liable on the third charge against him. That
concerns his acts in assisting or permitting the defendant’s failure to ensure
that it did not deal with or dispose of assets up to the value of $1.5m.

226 Although the assets which were disposed of by Mr Tanabalan, and which
formed the basis of the third charge against him, were of not insignificant
value, I am doubtful that this caused the plaintiff much prejudice. I bear in
mind that it has consistently been the plaintiff’s position in these contempt
proceedings that the values of the physical assets listed in the affidavit of
assets were inflated. I have found that part of the plaintiff’s case to be
true. It seems to me that, due to the intrinsic nature of the defendant’s
business, assets and finances, the plaintiff had little prospect of recovering
substantial sums against the defendant in any event, quite apart from any
breaches of the mareva injunction.

227 I also find that, to the extent that Mr Tanabalan overvalued the
defendant’s assets, this was due to optimism and incompetence rather than due
to dishonesty or a desire to mislead the court or to deprive the plaintiff of
assets against which to levy execution. Optimism and incompetence are equally
capable of impeding the due administration of justice as dishonesty. But a
finding of optimism and incompetence suffices to take this case out of the
line of authorities which establishes when a custodial sentence is warranted.
This includes OCM Opportunities, Maruti Shipping and Toyota Tsusho. So while
Mr Tanabalan is guilty of contempt, I do not consider that his contempt
warrants a custodial sentence.

228 As against both respondents, I also bear in mind that Mdm Mageswari and Mr
Tanabalan did exhibit on occasion a desire to comply with the mareva
injunction and to cooperate with the plaintiff. This can be seen, for example,
from their letter dated 25 March 2014, in which they informed the plaintiff’s
solicitors that 36 assets worth $1.5m had been moved. They notified the
plaintiff of the new locations of these assets though they were under no
continuing obligation to do so.

229 In these circumstances, I consider that the appropriate penalty for
contempt for each respondent is as follows:

(a) I order Mdm Selvarajoo Mageswari to pay a fine of $25,000; if she is
unable to pay the fine within one month, she is to serve a term of
imprisonment of one month in lieu thereof; and

(b) I order Mr Ramasamy Tanabalan to pay a fine of $50,000; if he is unable to
pay the fine within a month, he is to serve a term of imprisonment of two
months in lieu thereof.

230 Although Mr Tanabalan has been found guilty of only one charge of contempt
and Mdm Mageswari of three, I consider Mr Tanabalan’s single breach to be more
serious than Mdm Mageswari’s three breaches, even when they are taken
together. That is because Mr Tanabalan’s breach went to the root of the
purpose of the mareva injunction, which is to preserve assets from
dissipation. That is also because Mr Tanabalan, as I have found, was well
aware that that would be the effect of his contempt. As a result, I consider
it appropriate that Mr Tanabalan’s fine for his single breach is double the
fine which I have imposed on Mdm Mageswari for her three breaches.

231 I make a final point. The plaintiff appears to think that the purpose of
committal is to make the plaintiff whole for the loss it has suffered by
reason of having fewer assets upon which to levy execution in order to satisfy
its judgment debt. That is not the purpose of committal. Committal is not
execution by other means. The purpose of committal is to vindicate the court’s
authority by sanctioning and deterring those who act in disregard of that
authority as expressed in an order of court.

Costs

232 I have found both respondents guilty of contempt of court. Those breaches
necessitated these committal applications. The plaintiff has been put to
considerable expense and delay as a result. The plaintiff is prima facie
entitled to the costs of these applications.

233 However, it is the case that the plaintiff has failed in the bulk of its
charges. Mdm Mageswari has been found guilty only on three of the seven
charges against her and Mr Tanabalan found guilty only on one of the seven
charges against him. It is also the case that I have, as an extraordinary
indulgence to the plaintiff, granted the plaintiff leave under O 52 r 5(3) to
proceed against the respondents on charges which were not encompassed in the
relevant O 52 r 2(2) statements. Those charges could have been rejected out of
hand, with the plaintiff ordered to pay the respondents’ costs of dealing with
them. While I have not taken that course, I consider that I am justified at
this stage in depriving the plaintiff of costs on those charges.

234 In these circumstances, I order that the respondents shall be jointly and
severally liable to pay to the plaintiff 50% of the plaintiff’s reasonable
costs and disbursements of and incidental to the committal applications. I
have reduced the plaintiff’s recovery on costs by 50% to reflect that the
plaintiff has succeeded on only four out of the 14 charges of contempt against
the respondents and has avoided an adverse costs order on the charges outside
the scope of the relevant O 52 r 2(2) statements.

235 The plaintiff has asked that its costs be assessed on the indemnity basis.
One of the grounds it relies on is the fact that these proceedings have been
protracted by reason of the respondents’ conduct. I do not attribute the
length of time that these committal applications have taken to fault on the
part of the respondents. It is true that several adjournments were
necessitated because they asked for additional time to prepare for hearings,
to engage counsel or to look for funding to engage counsel. However, I accept
that the respondents are impecunious. Further, I accept that having
representation – especially in a matter of such gravity as committal for
contempt – is not only of assistance to the alleged contemnors but also to the
court in ensuring that justice is achieved.

236 In any event, in light of my findings on Mdm Mageswari’s state of mind, I
am not prepared to order indemnity costs against her. As against both
respondents, I consider that the plaintiff’s approach in bringing multiple
charges of contempt in three committal applications militates against an order
for indemnity costs. If the plaintiff had brought only the three successful
charges against Mdm Mageswari and only the one successful charge against Mr
Tanabalan and had succeeded on those four charges, I might have considered
awarding indemnity costs on the ground that the respondents would ex hypothesi
have unreasonably resisted committal applications which had been wholly-
successful. But as it is, I cannot say that either respondent acted
unreasonably in defending the overly-broad committal applications which the
plaintiff chose to bring.

237 The costs payable to the plaintiff will therefore be assessed on the
standard basis.

Conclusion

238 All three of these committal applications have been motivated by a sense
of grievance on the part of the plaintiffs. As the plaintiff says: 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Affidavit of TLCA dated 19 July 2016, paragraph 29; affidavit of TLCA dated 20
June 2016, paragraph 33.

The Plaintiffs take the position that Mdm. Selvarajoo Mageswari and/or the
[defendant] ought not to get off scot-free. Mdm. Selvarajoo Mageswari’s and
Mr. Ramasamy Tanabalan’s assurance “to cooperate with the Plaintiffs to find
out the whereabouts of the [Transvictory and Singatac assets] and keep them
informed of the outcome of [Mr Tanabalan’s] efforts to locate the [i]tems at
the scrap yards in the country” is certainly not satisfactory to the
Plaintiffs. The Plaintiffs have been financially deceived by the [defendant]
on numerous occasions, and have been further deprived of their fruits of
litigation due to the [defendant’s] own failure to make payment of their
alleged outstanding rental and/or loan charges which were due. It remains
clear that the [defendant] ought to be liable for [its] failure to comply with
the Mareva Injunction order and/or make full restitution to the Plaintiffs’
claim in Suit 373 of 2012 as well as all the unpaid costs.

239 The plaintiff’s sense of grievance is completely understandable but
ultimately misconceived. In committal applications – and especially in these
committal applications, in which the plaintiff initially sought to commit each
respondent to prison for a term of six years – it is incumbent on a plaintiff
to come to court with more than a sense of grievance, no matter how justified.
It was therefore incumbent on this plaintiff to conceive a case for multiple
contempts of court against the respondents which is internally consistent and
which is supported by evidence sufficient to discharge its burden of proof
beyond reasonable doubt. This it has abjectly failed to do on the bulk of the
charges presented. On the remaining charges on which the plaintiff succeeded,
I am not satisfied that a sentence of imprisonment is warranted.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge

Navinder Singh and Jaspreet Kaur Purba (KSCGP Juris LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Simon Tan and Grace Seng (Attorneys Inc LLC) for the respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

