Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 60

Originating Summons No 970 of 2017

In the matter of Section 310(1) of the Companies Act (Cap. 50)

Between

Pars Ram Brothers (Pte) Ltd (in creditors’ voluntary liquidation)  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Australian & New Zealand Banking Group Limited  
---|---  
(2)| Bank of Baroda  
(3)| Bank of India  
(4)| CIMB Bank Berhad  
(5)| DBS Bank Ltd  
(6)| Indian Bank  
(7)| Indian Overseas Bank  
(8)| RHB Bank Berhad  
(9)| Standard Chartered Bank  
  
… Defendants

| |   
---|---|---  
  
GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Companies] — [Winding up] — [Distribution of assets] — [Shortfall in funds
held on trust for creditors] — [Appropriate method of distributing funds]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Pars Ram Brothers (Pte) Ltd (in creditors’ voluntary liquidation)

  

v

  

Australian & New Zealand Banking Group Ltd and others

[2018] SGHC 60

High Court — Originating Summons No 970 of 2017  
Audrey Lim JC  
27 October, 29 December 2017

16 March 2018

Audrey Lim JC:

1 The Liquidators of the plaintiff Pars Ram Brothers (Pte) Ltd (“the Company”)
applied under s 310(1)(a) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
Companies Act”) for the court to determine the method of distribution with
regard to the sale proceeds of four categories of pepper stock held on trust
by the Liquidators for the Company’s creditors, the defendants. This
application raises the question of the appropriate method of distribution when
assets have been commingled into a mixed bulk and are insufficient to satisfy
all the claims made in respect of it by claimants (none of whom is a wrongdoer
towards another) who have a security interest in the mixed bulk.

Background

2 Prior to its liquidation, the Company was in the spice business, trading
primarily in pepper and cashew nuts. It financed its import of stock mostly
through trade financing facilities granted by banks. Typically, lending banks
would disburse funds directly to the relevant supplier of stock upon being
furnished with proof of the Company’s purchase. As security for the loan, the
Company would pledge the shipping documents (eg, the bill of lading) for the
financed stock to the relevant bank. Thereafter, to enable the Company to sell
the stock to its end-customers, the bank would release the relevant shipping
documents to the Company. In consideration for this release, the Company would
execute a trust receipt on terms that the Company held the financed stock or
its proceeds of sale on trust for the bank. The trust receipts typically
identified the financed stock with reference to their corresponding bill of
lading number, invoice number and/or a description of the financed stock. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Lim Loo Khoon 1st AEIC, paras 14–15.

3 After the Company became insolvent, the Liquidators were informed of stock
in the Company’s possession which was held in a warehouse in Singapore, which
included 17 different categories of pepper. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Lim Loo Khoon 1st AEIC, para 24.

As they were perishable, the plaintiff proposed to sell the stock and hold the
proceeds on trust for the creditors pending the determination of their claims.
None of the creditors objected to this proposal. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Lim Loo Khoon 1st AEIC, para 41.

4 On 7 February 2017, Steven Chong J (as he then was) heard the plaintiff’s
application under s 310(1)(a) of the Companies Act for the court to determine
whether the gross sale proceeds of 12 categories of pepper stock should be (a)
held for the benefit of the general pool of the Company’s creditors; or (b)
paid to the defendant lenders who could assert a security interest in the
pepper stock which they financed. Chong J found that the gross sale proceeds
of the pepper stock should be paid (in proportions to be resolved separately)
to those defendants who could assert a security interest in the underlying
stock which they financed, save for the proceeds for four categories of pepper
stock (“the Disputed Categories”) in which the general creditors were also
entitled to assert an interest in certain quantities of the stock. The grounds
for his decision can be found in Pars Ram Brothers (Pte) Ltd (in creditors’
voluntary liquidation) v Australian & New Zealand Banking Group Ltd and others
[2017] 4 SLR 264 (“Pars Ram”).

5 All of the Company’s stock, save for the Disputed Categories, has been
accounted for or distributed. The Disputed Categories consist of:

Categories| Sales proceeds  
---|---  
Category 11 (875 bags of Black Pepper Lampong ASTA 575 G/L) | $482,539.75  
Category 13 (915 bags of Sarawak Black Pepper Yellow Label 540 G/L)|
$350,336.39  
Category 15 (150 bags of White Pepper Vietnam Double Washed)| $85,793.60  
Category 17 (5144 bags of White Pepper Muntok FAQ)| $3,757,186.25  
  
6 The claims in respect of the stock under the Disputed Categories exceed
their respective sale proceeds. It is also undisputed that stock for the
Disputed Categories have been commingled into a mixed bulk. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Minute Sheet dated 27 Oct 2017, p 1.

This brings me to the present application, where the parties sought a
determination on the method of distribution to be adopted for the sales
proceeds of the Disputed Categories of pepper. The underlying legal question
is this: when assets commingled into a mixed bulk are insufficient to satisfy
all claims made in respect of the said assets by claimants (none of whom is a
wrongdoer towards another) who have a security interest in them, what method
of distribution should be used?

The various methods of distribution

7 The foreign case authorities have identified a number of possible approaches
to the distribution of mixed funds where such funds are insufficient to
satisfy every claim. This includes the “first in, first out” approach, the
pari passu approach (or what the Liquidators termed as the single-block
method) and the rolling charge approach (or what the Liquidators termed as the
multi-block method). The parties had confirmed that they were not advocating
for the “first in, first out” method. The second defendant, Bank of Baroda,
submitted that the rolling charge method should be used whilst the fifth and
sixth defendants, DBS Bank Ltd and Indian Bank, argued for the pari passu
method to be applied. The rest of the defendants, whilst they had previously
informed the Liquidators of their preferred approach, did not attend and make
submissions in court. The Liquidators maintained a neutral position although
they supported the rolling charge method. In the Annex to this Grounds of
Decision, I have inserted a table (produced by the Liquidators and not
disputed by the defendants) illustrating how the selection of the method of
distribution affects the defendants’ share of the sale proceeds.

8 Having heard the submissions, I determined that the rolling charge method,
rather than the pari passu method, should be adopted. Given the paucity in
local case authority on this issue, it would be useful to discuss the various
methods that the courts have considered before coming to the reasons for my
decision.

The “first in, first out” method

9 The “first in, first out” approach was set out in Devaynes v Noble [1814-23]
All ER Rep 1, more commonly known as Clayton’s Case. Essentially, “when sums
are mixed in a bank account as a result of a series of deposits, withdrawals
are treated as withdrawing the money in the same order as the money was
deposited” (Barlow Clowes International Ltd (in liq) and others v Vaughan and
others [1992] 4 All ER 22 (“Barlow Clowes”) at 35).

10 The scope of application for the rule in Clayton’s Case is rather limited.
For one, it is questionable whether it has any application out of a banker-
customer relationship (Barlow Clowes at 44; Re Diplock’s Estate, Diplock v
Wintle [1948] 1 Ch 465 (“Re Diplock”) at 555; Re Ontario Securities Commission
and Greymac Credit Corp (1986) 55 OR (2d) 673 (“Greymac”) at 688). In Q & M
Enterprises Sdn Bhd v Poh Kiat [2005] 4 SLR(R) 494 (“Q & M Enterprises”) at
[56], Andrew Phang JC (as he then was) observed that the rule was applied
almost invariably in the context of running accounts as such accounts are,
ceteris paribus, ideal situations for the application of the rule. While Phang
JC posits that there was no reason to treat any debtor-creditor relationship
involving a running or current account differently, he also notes the judicial
limitation of the applicability of the rule in Clayton’s Case, which can be
attributed to the rule’s perceived arbitrariness. The effect of the rule is
that it favours later contributors over earlier contributors. Citing the dicta
of Learned Hand J in Re Walter J Schmidt & Co, ex p Feuerbach (1923) 298 F 314
at 316, Woolf LJ in Barlow Clowes agreed that the fiction of the “first in,
first out” method apportioned a “common misfortune through a test which has no
relation whatever to the justice of the case”, and that it led to “capricious
consequences” (at 35).

11 It is observed that the courts have in various subsequent cases
distinguished or disapplied the rule in Clayton’s Case in favour of a method
that would produce a more just and equitable outcome. In Re Diplock, Lord
Greene MR characterised the rule as “really a rule of convenience based on so-
called presumed intention” (at 554). In Barlow Clowes, Woolf LJ held (at [42])
that if the application of the rule would be impracticable or result in
injustice between the investors it will not be applied if there is a
preferable alternative or if the application of the rule would be contrary to
the express, inferred or presumed intention of the investors. In Russell-Cooke
Trust Co v Prentis [2003] 2 All ER 478 at [55], Lindsay J, in rejecting the
use of the rule in Clayton’s Case and adopting the pari passu method instead,
held that the modern approach in England is not “to challenge the binding
nature of the rule but rather to permit it to be distinguished by the
reference to the facts of the particular case”, and for the rule to be
“displaced by even a slight counterweight” such that it would be more accurate
to call it the exception (rather than the rule) in Clayton’s Case. Phang JC
suggested at [56] in Q & M Enterprises that the rule could be an “evidential
presumption and no more”.

12 It also bears mention that the rule in Clayton’s Case would be displaced
when there are mixed funds made up of contributions from a beneficiary and a
fiduciary, as the operative presumption would be the one that works best in
favour of the claimant and against the fiduciary (Graham Virgo, Principles of
the Law of Restitution (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2015) at 622, citing
Re Hallett’s Estate (1880) 13 Ch D 696 and Re Oatway [1903] 2 Ch 356).
Finally, whether Clayton’s Case is even applicable in the context of tracing
remains unresolved (for differing views, see Barlow Clowes at 44; Q & M
Enterprises at [56]; Greymac at 684; O’Connor Rosamund Monica v Potter Derek
John [2011] 3 SLR 294 at [47]).

13 The cases therefore suggest that save for exceptional cases, the rule in
Clayton’s Case is not the appropriate method to be applied to the resolution
of claims made by multiple claimants with security interests in a commingled
fund, and that an alternative method which produces a more just outcome should
be applied.

The pari passu and rolling charge methods

14 The second and third methods – ie, the pari passu method (or the pari passu
ex post facto method) and the rolling charge method (also known as the “North
American” method) – are related, and it would be convenient to discuss them
together. Although the parties have used the expressions “single-block
approach” and “multi-block approach” respectively, I will nevertheless refer
to the “pari passu method” and “rolling charge method” in line with the body
of decided cases.

15 The pari passu method involves the pari passu sharing of the total pool of
assets according to what each of the claimants are owed, ignoring the dates on
which they have made their respective investment or contribution (Barlow
Clowes at 36). The rolling charge method treats the commingled fund as a blend
or cocktail of credits made at different times and from different sources with
the result that “when a withdrawal is made from the account it is treated as a
withdrawal in the same proportions as the different interests in the account
(here of the investors) bear to each other at the moment before the withdrawal
is made” (Barlow Clowes at 35). Both methods are similar in approach in that
calculations are done on a pari passu basis. However, the rolling charge
method requires that the contributor’s rateable interest in the mixed fund
vis-à-vis the other contributors be recalculated at every instance of
withdrawal, whereas the pari passu method only requires that all available
assets be divided on a pari passu basis at the point of distribution.

16 Given that the rolling charge method takes into account the rateable
interests of each contributor to the mixed fund immediately before any
withdrawal, it is more precise and is deemed to produce “the most just result”
(Barlow Clowes at 35). An application of the pari passu method may potentially
be unfair to the most recent contributors as they may have their interests in
the fund diminished by withdrawals prior to their contribution (Boughner v
Greyhawk Equity Partners Limited Partnership (Millenium) 111 OR (3d) 700
(“Boughner v Greyhawk”) at [92]; see generally Shalson v Russo [2005] Ch 281
at [149]–[150]). The rolling charge obviates this potential unfairness as it
favours neither the earlier nor the more recent contributors (whereas the
“first in, first out” method favours the latter) at the expense of the other
group (Lynton Tucker et al, Lewin on Trusts (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2015)
at para 41-071; Underhill and Hayton: Law Relating to Trusts and Trustees
(David Hayton gen ed) (LexisNexis, 19th Ed, 2016) at paras 90.34–90.35).

17 That said, the pari passu method is often preferred for considerations of
costs, practicality and relative simplicity in implementation (Barlow Clowes
at 27, 35 and 44; Charity Commission for England and Wales v Framjee and
others [2015] 1 WLR 16 (“Charity Commission”) at [48] and [54]; Greymac at
688–689). And although there is some element of rough justice for the most
recent contributors to the fund, the courts have reasoned that this is part
and parcel of the pari passu method which “responds to a very basic human
feeling that, when faced by a common misfortune, all those affected by it
should bear the burden equally” (Charity Commission at [61]).

The choice between the pari passu and the rolling charge methods

18 In my view, the rolling charge method should be preferred unless it is
impracticable or unworkable (Barlow Clowes at 42; Boughner v Greyhawk at
[84]). In Boughner v Greyhawk, the Ontario Supreme Court of Justice was
concerned with the distribution of commingled funds to 24 victims of a
fraudulent investment scheme. On the facts, the receiver had determined that
it was able to make the accurate calculations to distribute the funds by using
the rolling charge method. The court ordered the funds to be distributed on
that basis as “justice dictates that the funds should be distributed
proportionately based on the interests of the parties at the time of
commingling” (at [91]–[93]). In rejecting the pro rata ex post facto
distribution method (or what is essentially the pari passu method), the court
commented (at [92]) that this method would not have resulted in a fair outcome
as the earlier investors had already lost over 88% of their investment value
by the time the more recent investors came on board.

19 Even in respect of cases where the pari passu method is applied, it has
been acknowledged that the rolling charge method would have been adopted had
it been practicable to do so. In Barlow Clowes, following the collapse of a
Gibraltar deposit-taking company (“BCI”) and related entities, 11,000
investors were owed monies in excess of £100m, and the English Court of Appeal
was confronted with the task of distributing monies and assets that were
available for distribution. In deciding on the pari passu method, Woolf LJ
observed (at 42) that “[i]f the North American solution is practical this
would probably have advantages over the pari passu solution”; but on the
facts, the complications of applying the rolling charge method meant that the
pari passu method had to be used. Leggatt LJ also accepted that the fairness
of the rolling charge method was “obvious” but the required calculations in
Barlow Clowes proved too difficult and expensive (at 44).

20 In Charity Commission, an unincorporated charitable trust operated a
website that facilitated charitable giving by members of the public by
inviting them to make donations to the trust for the benefit of charities of
their choice. An inquiry into the trust revealed a substantial shortfall
between the funds held by the trust and the amounts due unpaid to the
designated charities. One of the determinations that the Charity Commission
sought from the court was a direction as to the most appropriate method of
distributing the funds. Henderson J applied the pari passu method even though
he had earlier commented, citing Barlow Clowes, that the rolling charge method
was likeliest to produce a fair and just result and he was prepared to proceed
on the assumption that it was open to him to adopt the rolling charge method
if he were satisfied that it provided a fairer result than either “first in,
first out” or pari passu distribution (at [54]). In rejecting the rolling
charge method, Henderson J recognised that the problem faced was that of
impracticability in the reconstruction of the raw data which would be needed
in the absence of any adequate computerised record keeping by the
unincorporated charitable trust (at [55]).

21 In my judgment, the rolling charge method is the method that would likely
produce a fairer and more equitable result compared to the pari passu method,
all other things equal. It should therefore be preferred, unless it is
impracticable for whatever reason to adopt and subject to considerations such
as the intention of the parties as regards methods of distribution (including
an agreement to a particular method of distribution). I turn to discuss the
significance of parties’ intentions.

The parties’ intentions

22 A key consideration relevant for the court’s determination on the
appropriate method to adopt is the parties’ intentions, whether express,
inferred or presumed. Where there is an express agreement as to the method of
distribution, such agreement would be given effect to unless it was unworkable
or impracticable to do so. In the absence of such agreement, the court will
look at the parties’ presumed intentions, which are to be gleaned from the
facts of the case.

23 In Barlow Clowes, Woolf LJ relied on the parties’ presumed intentions to
reject the “first in, first out” method, and to adopt the pari passu method
instead. He found that contributions were intended to be made in respect of a
“collective investment scheme”; and even if BCI (the deposit-taking company)
was under an obligation to create separate funds for each investor, the
presumed intentions of the investors would have been that what could be
salvaged as a result of the “common misfortune” should be dealt with in
accordance with the pari passu approach, instead of being subjected to the
vagaries of chance that follow from applying a “first in, first out” principle
(at 41). Leggatt LJ echoed this analysis in his judgment, emphasising that
“[t]he court goes by what must be presumed to have been the intention of the
investors” (Barlow Clowes at 46).

24 In Re International Investment Unit Trust [2005] 1 NZLR 27 (“Re IIUT”), a
fund for humanitarian, aid, health and education (“the IIUT”) was set up.
Investors were promised rates of return in the order of 60–72% per annum. As
time went on, funds contributed by later investors were disbursed to provide
returns to earlier investors. Statutory managers were appointed for the trust
and it was discovered that the total value of the assets fell far short of the
claims to the trust. The court decided that the pari passu approach should be
adopted to distribute the funds left in the IIUT. This was partly because it
would have been too cost-prohibitive to implement the rolling charge method
(at [36]). But Williams J also looked into the nature of the investments which
provided an indication of the parties’ intentions. He made the following
observations. First, the investors knew that similar returns were offered to
all, and that investments were to be repayable on maturity. The investors must
have known that their funds were at risk and there would be the possibility of
loss or diminution in the value of their investment. They must also have
contemplated that their funds may be used to repay the earlier investors in
the IIUT (at [74] and [75]). Secondly, the investment accounts were managed in
a pattern-less manner and this indicated that all of the funds held by the
statutory manager should be available to all the investors. Furthermore,
during the critical period, withdrawals from the accounts arose not from
direct action by the investors but from the choice of the managers of the
accounts. It was therefore unrealistic to apply the rolling charge method (at
[76] and [77]). Finally, all the investors chose the pari passu method to be
used for calculations prior to 1 March 2003, the date from which placements of
their investments were made (at [81]). Williams J concluded that the pari
passu method would be most appropriate, and would be most compatible with the
analysis on presumed intentions in Barlow Clowes (at [81]).

25 The principle to be gleaned from Re IIUT and Barlow Clowes is that the
parties’ intentions are a key consideration to bear in mind when selecting the
appropriate method of distribution. To ascertain what the parties’ intentions
are, the terms and structure of the contribution or investment will be
indicative, though all the circumstances of the case should be taken into
account.

Summary of the applicable principles

26 To summarise, the principles to be applied in a situation where there are
multiple claimants to a pool of commingled assets that is insufficient to
satisfy every claim are as follows:

(a) The scope of application for the “first in, first out” rule in Clayton’s
Case is limited and can be displaced by a slight counterweight. The rule in
Clayton’s Case should not be applied if such application would be
impracticable or unjust and there is a preferable alternative or if the
application of the rule would be contrary to the intention of the claimants.

(b) In most cases, a fairer and more equitable method can be employed, being
the pari passu or rolling charge method. Where practicable and subject to
considerations such as the intention of the parties or any agreement to a
particular method of distribution, the rolling charge method is to be
preferred to the pari passu method as the former more accurately reflects the
parties’ interests in the mixed fund. In the usual case, the rolling charge
method produces a result that is more just as the pari passu method might
occasion unfairness to the most recent contributors to the mixed fund. There
may, however, be situations in which the pari passu approach is more suitable
– for instance, where it would be too complicated or costly to apply a rolling
charge approach because of a prohibitively large number of claimants or
transactions.

(c) The parties’ intentions are an important overarching consideration. Where
there is an express agreement as to the method of distribution, such agreement
would be given effect to unless it was unworkable or impracticable to do so.
In the absence of such agreement, the court will look at the parties’ presumed
intentions. To ascertain what the parties’ intentions are, the terms and
structure of the contribution or investment will be indicative, though all the
circumstances of the case must be looked at in the round.

Application to the facts

27 The parties confirmed that they were not advocating for the “first in,
first out” method in Clayton’s Case to be applied, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Minute Sheet dated 27 Oct 2017, p 2.

so the only pertinent question is whether it is practicable to apply the
rolling charge method or the pari passu method.

28 In my view, the arguments raised by the fifth and sixth defendants against
adopting the rolling charge method can be condensed into three points:

(a) First, the rolling charge method does not take into account the fact that
new incoming stock would likely be packed for outgoing shipments first since
they are stacked on top of existing stock. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

5D Written Submissions, para 56.

(b) Second, the rolling charge method cannot be used because the chronological
order of some same-day entries has not been established, and it is therefore
impossible to establish an accurate sequence of transfers for three out of
four of the Disputed Categories (Categories 11, 13 and 17). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

5D Written Submissions, paras 34–54; 6D Written Submissions, paras 9–17.

(c) Third, the pari passu method should be used as it is a just and equitable
method of distributing funds between victims of a common misfortune. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

5D Written Submissions, paras 57–65; 6D Written Submissions, paras 27–37.

29 The first point requires me to elaborate briefly on the Company’s
warehousing system as the stock of pepper was stored in its warehouse. This
warehouse was managed by an external company, Sea-shore Transportation Pte Ltd
(“Sea-shore”), which provided warehousing, storage, packing and handling
services to the Company. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Sharafdeen s/o S N Abdul Rasak’s AEIC, para 5.

According to the evidence of a Sea-shore warehouseman working in that
warehouse, one Mr Shatik, there was no system as to how incoming stock was
stored. Stock of the same description was stored together in various unmarked
locations within the warehouse (hence, the bags of pepper under the four
Disputed Categories should be handled as four distinct mixed bulks). At each
location, there would be one or multiple stacks of stock of similar
description. New stacks were created whenever existing stacks became unstable,
and stacks were rearranged whenever the space became too cluttered. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Mohamed Husainsa Maraikayar Syed Mushathik’s 1st AEIC, paras 17–19.

There was also no system as to how outgoing shipments were processed. Upon
receiving an order, the personnel manning the warehouse would fulfil the order
by retrieving the required stock from the relevant location, and then
arranging for delivery out of the Company’s warehouse. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Mohamed Husainsa Maraikayar Syed Mushathik’s 1st AEIC, para 21.

There was no “first in, first out” or “last in, first out” method used to
retrieve stock for outgoing shipments. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Mohamed Husainsa Maraikayar Syed Mushathik’s 1st AEIC, para 22.

All said, arrangements for incoming and outgoing shipments were “completely
random” and how the bags were stacked was always changing as Mr Shatik had to
figure out how to make better use of the space in the Company’s warehouse. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Mohamed Husainsa Maraikayar Syed Mushathik’s 2nd AEIC, paras 12–15.

30 The fifth defendant challenged Mr Shatik’s evidence. One Mr Sharaf, the
former Managing Director of Sea-shore, deposed in his affidavit that incoming
stock will always be stacked on top of existing stock and stock will always be
removed from the top of the stack to meet outgoing orders (suggesting that a
“last in, first out” method is always applied). Mr Sharaf added that there was
no need to rearrange stacks in the warehouse as that would be a waste of time
and manpower. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Sharafdeen s/o S N Abdul Rasak’s AEIC, paras 14–18.

The fifth defendant therefore submitted that the rolling charge method ignores
practical reality as a “later Lender who had financed stock at a later date
would have a greater risk of having its stock taken out from the Warehouse...”
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

5D Written Submissions, para 56.

31 I reject the factual premise of the fifth defendant’s submission as I
prefer Mr Shatik’s evidence to Mr Sharaf’s. Mr Shatik was the warehouseman on
the ground and he would have a better understanding and recollection of how
the warehouse operated. Mr Shatik’s evidence also seemed to be the likelier
version because pictures of the warehouse showed numerous stacks – many of
which were not very tall and suggested that new stacks had to be made
continuously and existing stacks had to be rearranged. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

5D Written Submissions, Annex A.

In any case, the only point of contention is whether the pari passu or rolling
charge method should be applied. The fifth defendant’s submission is neither
here nor there because any suggestion that the warehouse dealt with shipments
in and out of the warehouse on a “last in, first out” basis not only militates
against the adoption of the rolling charge method, but the pari passu method
as well.

32 I turn to the fifth and sixth defendants’ second point: the evidential
uncertainty regarding the sequence of same-day entries in the warehouse
ledger. On a preliminary note, the parties agreed that there was no objection
in principle to the adoption of different methods of distribution for each of
the Disputed Categories, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Minute Sheet dated 27 Oct 2017, p 3.

each category being a distinct mixed bulk on its own. This is relevant here
because Category 15 did not face the same problem as regards the sequence of
transfers (although ultimately, this did not matter). I will elaborate.

33 To track incoming and outgoing shipments of stock to and from the Company’s
warehouse, handwritten warehouse ledgers are kept. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Mohamed Husainsa Maraikayar Syed Mushathik’s 1st AEIC, para 11.

Each ledger contains details relating to the date of transfer, description of
stock, quantity of stock transferred (for pepper, this is expressed in number
of bags), as well as the amount of balance stock left. The financing bank for
each incoming shipment can also be identified by looking at the relevant trust
receipts.

34 For Categories 11, 13 and 17, there were same-day entries detailing
transfers of stock in and out of the warehouse without any evidence or
indication that they were recorded in the right chronological sequence. To
illustrate using an excerpt of the entries recorded between 25 September 2015
and 28 September 2015 for pepper bags under Category 11:

Date| In| Out| Balance| Financing Bank  
---|---|---|---|---  
25 Sep 2015| | 340| 4955|   
25 Sep 2015| | 340| 4615|   
26 Sep 2015| 1000| | 5615| CIMB Bank Berhad  
26 Sep 2015| | 500| 5115|   
26 Sep 2015| | 500| 4615|   
28 Sep 2015| 1000| | 5615| CIMB Bank Berhad  
  
35 In respect of the three entries on 26 September 2015, the fifth and sixth
defendants argued that the exact chronology of transfers in and out of the
Company’s warehouse had not been established. If the incoming shipment of
1,000 bags on 26 September 2015 came after the two outgoing shipments of 500
bags each, the results obtained by using the rolling charge method would
differ. This problem arose for multiple days across the three categories
mentioned. Doubts about the sequence of the transfers seemed especially
serious since Mr Shatik had deposed in his affidavit that he does not
immediately record a delivery every time the stock arrives or leaves the
warehouse because of time constraints, and it was not uncommon to update the
ledger only after a few days. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Mohamed Husainsa Maraikayar Syed Mushathik’s 1st AEIC, para 13.

36 After I heard the parties on 27 October 2017, I directed that Mr Shatik
file a further affidavit to explain whether records for transactions within
the same day accurately reflected the chronological order in which the
transaction took place. All of these difficulties were then addressed in Mr
Shatik’s second affidavit dated 9 November 2017, wherein he confirmed that the
order in which he has recorded the entries was the order in which the incoming
and outgoing shipments were made. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Mohamed Husainsa Maraikayar Syed Mushathik’s 2nd AEIC, paras 24–38.

He was confident about the order of the transactions after reviewing the
ledgers, and also deposed in his affidavit that he was able to distinctly
remember the movement of stock in and out of the Company’s warehouse as he was
constantly being asked to check on the status of the deliveries at or around
the time when the entries were recorded. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Mohamed Husainsa Maraikayar Syed Mushathik’s 2nd AEIC, paras 7 and 9.

Given the foregoing, I did not see the second point as an insuperable
difficulty making it impracticable or unrealistic to apply the rolling charge
method.

37 Indeed, in Re IIUT, Williams J observed at [25] that there would be
difficulties and inequities regardless of the method chosen. Hence, even if
there were minor inaccuracies in the ledger entries in the present case, such
inaccuracies would not have tilted the balance in favour of the pari passu
method. Unlike Barlow Clowes where there were 11,000 investors to distribute
to, and Charity Commission where the required raw data could not even be
reconstructed, the parties in the present case shared considerable common
ground and were even able to agree on a set of figures to be paid out
depending on the method used. It could scarcely be said that it would be
impracticable to apply the rolling block method in the present case.

38 I turn now to the third and final point raised by the fifth and sixth
defendants: that the pari passu method would be the most just and equitable
way to distribute the sale proceeds amongst the financing banks which were
victims of a common misfortune. The fifth defendant submits that this is borne
out by the fact that the terms of the trust receipts did not clearly require
segregation of stock and that the defendants’ ignorance about the warehousing
system meant that they were “indifferent to whether the self-same bags the
subject of the original bills of lading they received were delivered out of
the warehouse against their own trust receipt”, ie, the bags of pepper were
treated as fungible. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

5D Written Submissions, para 61.

39 In my view, the choice between the pari passu and rolling charge methods
cannot simply be resolved by referencing Woolf LJ’s holding that the presumed
intentions of victims to a “common misfortune” would be to deal with what is
salvaged on a pari passu basis. The competing method he considered was the
“first in, first out” principle, and his holding was directed at the “vagaries
of chance” that the “first in, first out” principle subject claimants to. It
should be highlighted that the court in Barlow Clowes seemed ready to
implement the rolling charge method, had it been practicable for them to do
so. In the present context, where the two competing methods are the pari passu
and rolling charge methods, Re IIUT provides a more helpful comparison. The
present case is very different from a situation where the claimants are
investors to a joint investment fund like the IIUT. Contrary to the
submissions of the fifth defendant, the financing banks expressly tried to set
themselves apart from each other. In Pars Ram, Chong J noted that the second
defendant’s and the fifth defendant’s trust receipts contained an obligation
to hold and store the goods in the bank’s names or to pay the proceeds of sale
of the underlying goods into a designated account. Moreover, the sixth
defendant’s trust receipt contained an express term stating that the Company
should hold or store the goods in a manner capable of separate identification
(Pars Ram at [2(b)]). Even though these terms may not have been complied with,
the Company’s breach is irrelevant for ascertaining the financing banks’
intention, and the terms used in the trust receipts point towards a finding
that the creditors did not intend to weather this “common misfortune” on a
pari passu basis.

Conclusion

40 For the above reasons, I ordered that the rolling charge method be used in
respect of sales proceeds for all of the Disputed Categories, in accordance
with what is set out in the Annex. The Liquidators submitted that as the court
had determined in accordance with the Liquidators’ suggested approach and had
rejected the pari passu approach advocated by the fifth and sixth defendants,
the fifth and sixth defendants should bear the costs of the application. But
given that a more expeditious determination on this matter could have been
made if the Liquidators had procured a further affidavit from Mr Sathik
explaining the ledger entries at the outset, I ordered that each party bear
its own costs.

Audrey Lim

Judicial Commissioner

Pradeep Pillai and Joycelyn Lin (PRP Law LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Edwin Tong SC, Loong Tse Chuan and Chua Xinying

(Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the second defendant;

Ng Yeow Khoon (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the fifth defendant;  
Namazie Mirza Mohamed and Ong Ai Wern

(Mallal & Namazie) for the sixth defendant.

* * *

  
  

Annex

A.1 The following table sets out the four Disputed Categories and how the sale
proceeds would be split between the defendants and the general creditors under
the single-block (pari passu) and multi-block (rolling charge) approaches (to
the nearest dollar): 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Lim Loo Khoon 1st AEIC, para 122.

Category 11

Lender| Single-block| Multi-block  
---|---|---  
Bank of India| $153,535| $166,384  
CIMB Bank Berhad| $87,735| $92,408  
DBS Bank | $87,735| $57,733  
Indian Bank| $43,867| $33,664  
Standard Chartered Bank | $43,867| $81,856  
General Creditors| $65,801| $50,495  
  
Category 13

Lender| Single-block| Multi-block  
---|---|---  
CIMB Bank Berhad| $187,675| $75,239  
General creditors| $162,661| $275,098  
  
Category 15

Lender| Single-block| Multi-block  
---|---|---  
Bank of Baroda| $83,297| $68,635  
General creditors| $2,497| $17,159  
  
Category 17

Lender| Single-block| Multi-block  
---|---|---  
Australian & New Zealand Banking Group Limited| $74,380| $38,498  
Bank of Baroda| $634,710| $1,425,197  
Bank of India| $1,269,420| $1,030,679  
CIMB Bank Berhad| $163,636| $133,257  
DBS Bank | $158,678| $82,130  
Indian Bank| $476,033| $364,111  
Indian Overseas Bank| $28,017| $14,501  
RHB Bank Berhad| $476,033| $269,934  
Standard Chartered Bank | $396,694| $331,710  
General Creditors| $79,587| $67,169  
  
![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

