Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 103

Criminal Case No 78 of 2017

Between

Public Prosecutor

And

(1)| Ravan s/o Samubil  
---|---  
(2)| Ilango s/o Venayagam  
(3)| Noor Azmi bin A Rahman  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory Offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act] — [Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Ravan s/o Samubil and others

[2018] SGHC 103

High Court — Criminal Case No 78 of 2017  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
11, 12 January 2018

26 April 2018

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 The first accused, Ravan s/o Samubil (“Ravan”), is a 43-year-old
Singaporean, who was employed as a cleaner. The second accused, Ilango s/o
Venayagam (“Ilango”), is a 46-year-old unemployed Singaporean. The third
accused, Noor Azmi bin A Rahman (“Noor Azmi”), is a 41-year-old Malaysian, who
was employed as a driver.

2 On 11 January 2018, the three accused persons pleaded guilty to and were
convicted of one charge each arising from drug activities which took place on
22 October 2015. Specifically, Noor Azmi was charged for trafficking by
delivering to Ilango three blocks of vegetable matter (“the original three
blocks”) containing not less than 499.99 grams of cannabis (“the cannabis”),
an offence under s 5(1)(a) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“MDA”). The charge against Ilango was that of having the original three
blocks containing the cannabis in his possession for the purpose of
trafficking, being an offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA. As
for Ravan, the charge against him was that of abetting by intentionally aiding
Ilango to weigh and cut the original three blocks containing the cannabis,
which he knew Ilango possessed for the purpose of trafficking without
authorisation, being an offence under s 5(1)(a) read with ss 5(2) and 12 of
the MDA.

3 On 12 January 2018, I sentenced Ravan to 24½ years of imprisonment, Ilango
to 26½ years of imprisonment and Noor Azmi to 25 years of imprisonment. The
imprisonment terms for Ravan and Ilango were backdated to 24 October 2015, and
for Noor Azmi to 14 November 2015. I also imposed 15 strokes of the cane on
each of them.

4 Ravan has filed an appeal against his sentence, on the ground that the
sentence is manifestly excessive. I now provide the reasons for the sentences
imposed on the three accused, focusing on the sentence imposed on Ravan.

Statement of facts

5 I begin with the statement of facts (“Statement of Facts”), which related to
all the three charges.

Arrests of Ravan, Ilango and Noor Azmi

6 On 22 October 2015, based on information received, a group of officers from
the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) proceeded to the vicinity of Block 422
Clementi Avenue 1 (“Block 422”) to carry out surveillance on Ilango, who
resided at #05-333 of Block 422.

7 Sometime after 3.15pm, the CNB officers saw Ilango meeting up with Ravan at
the void deck of Block 422. Ravan resided at #06-349 of Block 422. Thereafter,
the CNB officers tailed Ravan, and at about 4.00pm, they arrested him along
the Ayer Rajah Expressway.

8 At about 4.30pm, at the basement carpark of Block 422, the CNB officers
arrested Ilango. They also arrested Abdul Karim bin Mohamed Kuppai Khan
(“Abdul Karim”), who was with Ilango at the time.

9 On 13 November 2015 at about 7.30am, Noor Azmi was arrested at the Woodlands
Checkpoint after he entered Singapore in a lorry with registration number
WCH1672 (“the Lorry”).

Seizure and analysis of the drug exhibits

10 After Ravan’s arrest, the CNB officers searched his flat at #06-349 of
Block 422, and recovered the following items:

(a) A black haversack (A1) containing two orange plastic bags (A1A and A1B)
and a Sheng Shiong plastic bag. In each of the orange plastic bags, there was
one bundle each wrapped in aluminium foil (A1A1 and A1B1). In the Sheng Shiong
plastic bag, there was also a foil-wrapped bundle (A1B2A). Each of the three
foil-wrapped bundles contained vegetable matter (A1A1A, A1B1A and A1B2A1).

(b) A beige bag (A2) containing a black and blue bag (A2A) containing an
aluminium foil-wrapped bundle (A2A1) containing vegetable matter (A2A1A).

(c) A diaper (B1) containing a turquoise plastic bag (B1A) which in turn
contained three plastic bags (B1A1, B1A2 and B1A3). In two of these plastic
bags (B1A1 and B1A2), there were 11 small packets of vegetable matter each
(B1A1A and B1A2A). In the last plastic bag (B1A3), there were 12 small packets
of vegetable matter (B1A3A). This made for a total of 34 small packets of
vegetable matter.

11 The items seized from Ravan’s flat were sent to the Health Sciences
Authority (“HSA”) for analysis. The four blocks together with some loose
vegetable matter comprising A1A1A, A1B1A, A1B2A1 and A2A1A, were found to
cumulatively contain not less than 815.2 grams of cannabis and 783.2 grams of
cannabis mixture. As for the 34 small packets of vegetable matter (B1A1A,
B1A2A and B1A3A), these were found to contain not less than 83.05 grams of
cannabis mixture.

12 In Ilango’s flat at #05-333 of Block 422, the following items were
recovered:

(a) A red carrier bag (G1) containing one bundle in aluminium foil (G1A)
containing vegetable matter (G1A1).

(b) A silver carrier bag (G1B) containing three bundles wrapped in magazine
paper (G1B1, G1B2 and G1B3), each containing vegetable matter (G1B1A, G1B2A1
and G1B3A1).

13 The items seized from Ilango’s flat were also sent to the HSA for analysis.
The four blocks together with some loose vegetable matter comprising G1A1,
G1B1A, G1B2A1 and G1B3A1, were found to cumulatively contain not less than
502.5 grams of cannabis and 595.6 grams of cannabis mixture.

14 In total, the eight blocks and some vegetable matter were found to
cumulatively contain not less than 1,317.7 grams of cannabis and 1,378.8 grams
of cannabis mixture. As stated earlier, the 34 small packets of vegetable
matter were found to contain not less than 83.05 grams of cannabis mixture.

Events prior to 22 October 2015

15 Based on investigations, it transpired that sometime in early October 2015,
Ilango came to know Abdul Karim, and they exchanged phone numbers. During one
of their subsequent meetings, Ilango informed Abdul Karim that he was facing
financial difficulties. On the night of 21 October 2015, Abdul Karim called
Ilango and offered him a job. The job involved Ilango collecting some items
for Abdul Karim from Jurong Port the following morning. Ilango took up the
offer, and he suspected that he would be collecting illegal drugs.

16 Noor Azmi’s work as a lorry driver involved delivering piling concrete to
work sites in Singapore using the Lorry. Noor Azmi was recruited by a
Malaysian Indian known to him as “Gobi” to transport drugs into Singapore. In
Singapore, the drugs would then be collected by third parties who were unknown
to Noor Azmi. Gobi promised Noor Azmi RM600 per delivery of drugs into
Singapore.

17 On 21 October 2015 between 10.00pm to 11.00pm, Gobi arranged to meet Noor
Azmi at a petrol kiosk in Johor Bahru. There, Gobi passed Noor Azmi the black
haversack (A1). Noor Azmi knew that the black haversack contained “ganja”
(being a street name for cannabis). He placed the black haversack under the
floor board of the front passenger seat of the Lorry.

Events on 22 October 2015

18 On Gobi’s instructions, Noor Azmi entered Singapore on 22 October 2015 at
about 6.00am. Upon clearing Customs, Noor Azmi called Gobi who then told him
to drive to an SPC Petrol Kiosk at 33 Jalan Buroh to wait for someone to
collect the black haversack. Noor Azmi followed Gobi’s instructions and
waited.

19 Meanwhile, Abdul Karim called Ilango that morning, and told him to head to
Jurong Port Road to collect the item for him. Ilango asked Ravan to accompany
him to complete a job. Ravan agreed, knowing that the job involved illegal
drugs. Shortly after 7.00am, they boarded a taxi from Clementi Avenue 1 and
headed to Jurong Port Road.

20 In the taxi, Ilango conversed with Abdul Karim on the phone. Ilango
clarified with Abdul Karim the location for the collection of the item. Ilango
was told to head to the SPC Petrol Kiosk along Jalan Buroh. Ravan heard Ilango
talking to someone over the phone in Tamil, asking for the destination Ilango
should be heading to. While on the way to the SPC Petrol Kiosk, during one of
the phone conversations with Abdul Karim, Ilango came to know that he would be
collecting “ganja”.

21 After alighting from the taxi at the flyover near the SPC Petrol Kiosk at
33 Jalan Buroh, Ilango crossed an overhead bridge and walked into the petrol
kiosk. Ravan remained near the bridge to wait for Ilango.

22 In compliance with Abdul Karim’s instructions, Ilango entered the Lorry
through the unlocked front passenger door. He collected the black haversack
(A1). Noor Azmi saw him collect the black haversack. Shortly after, Ilango
alighted from the Lorry and walked towards Ravan with the black haversack
(A1). Ravan then flagged a taxi and both of them boarded it.

23 While in the taxi, Abdul Karim called Ilango and told him that there were
three blocks of “ganja” inside the black haversack (A1). Abdul Karim told
Ilango to hold onto the drugs which he would collect later from Ilango. Ilango
told Ravan that there were “three books” inside the haversack. Ravan
understood this to mean that there were three kilograms of “ganja”. Ilango
then suggested that Ravan take medical leave for the day. Ravan did not agree
but decided to report late to work.

24 When they reached their destination, Ilango passed Ravan the black
haversack (A1) while he paid the taxi fare.

25 After alighting from the taxi, Ilango suggested that the “ganja” be kept at
Ravan’s house and told Ravan that there would be people coming to collect the
“ganja”. Ravan agreed and brought Ilango to his flat. Ravan was still holding
on to the black haversack (A1) containing the “ganja”.

26 Ilango then received specific instructions from Abdul Karim to help cut and
repack the drugs. Ilango then told Ravan that he wanted Ravan’s help to cut
and repack the three kilograms of “ganja”. Ravan agreed.

27 Ilango then instructed Ravan to cut the three blocks of “ganja” into
halves. Ravan then took a kitchen knife from his house and, together with
Ilango, cut the three blocks of “ganja” into six half blocks weighing
approximately 500 grams each. In cutting each block, Ilango helped hold down
the block while Ravan used the knife to cut the block in half. In the process
of cutting the blocks, some loose “ganja” fell out. Ilango and Ravan packed
these loose “ganja” into small packets.

28 After cutting the “ganja”, they packed two of the six half blocks using the
aluminium foil that came with the initial three blocks of “ganja”. They placed
these two blocks in the black haversack (A1). Then, they packed the four
remaining half blocks of “ganja” into individual bags. After Ravan took a
shower, they headed down to Ilango’s flat.

29 In Ilango’s flat, Ravan spotted a weighing scale. He suggested to Ilango
that they could use the weighing scale to measure and ensure that they had
indeed cut each block into half blocks of 500 grams each. Ilango agreed and
they brought the weighing scale back to Ravan’s unit to weigh the six half
blocks. As the six half blocks weighed more than 500 grams, Ilango removed the
excess from each block, and they both repacked these into small packets. In
total, there were 34 small packets of vegetable matter (including the ones
packed earlier).

30 Ravan placed the 34 small packets inside a diaper (B1) which he then placed
in the bottommost drawer of a brown wardrobe in his flat. The rest of the
“ganja” were placed on the floor of the living room in front of a brown
wardrobe. It was then about 1.15pm. Ilango then told Ravan that he wanted to
rest in Ravan’s flat while waiting for someone to come to collect the drugs.
Ravan told Ilango to return to his own flat as he wanted to drop by his
workplace. Both of them left Ravan’s flat at about 1.40 pm.

31 After dropping by his workplace, Ravan returned to Block 422 at about
2.45pm. He met Ilango at the void deck at about 3.15pm. Ilango commented that
there was no good place in the vicinity to hand over the “ganja” to people
later. Ravan then suggested and showed Ilango some places where he could
handover the “ganja”.

32 Shortly after, Ilango received a phone call from Abdul Karim who gave
instructions to cut the “ganja” further and relayed specific instructions on
how to do so. Ilango then told Ravan that they needed to cut two of the six
half blocks of drugs into further halves to make four smaller blocks and also
to pack the “ganja”. Both Ravan and Ilango proceeded back to Ravan’s flat
where they carried out the instructions. Abdul Karim also instructed Ilango in
the phone call to set aside one half block and three smaller blocks for Abdul
Karim’s collection.

33 Shortly before 4.00pm, Ilango told Ravan that someone would be coming to
collect all the “ganja”. Ravan then told Ilango that he had to return to his
workplace. Ilango then brought one half block (G1A1) and three smaller blocks
of drugs (G1B1A, G1B2A1 and G1B3A1) to his flat. Ilango told Ravan that
someone would collect the “ganja” first and that the remainder would be
collected by some people within the day. The “ganja” left in Ravan’s flat were
three half blocks and one smaller block (A1A1A, A1B2A1, A2A1A and A1B1A), and
the 34 small packets in the diaper (B1). For his assistance, Ilango promised
Ravan $50 after he had asked Ravan to cut the “ganja” the second time.

34 At about 4.00pm, Abdul Karim called Ilango, and asked him to meet him
downstairs without the drugs first. They were arrested at the basement carpark
of Block 422. By then, Ravan had already been arrested.

Conviction

35 Ravan admitted to the Statement of Facts without qualification in relation
to his role in the drug activities. However, it was accepted by all parties
that he would not be aware of specific matters relating to Noor Azmi’s role,
as well as certain details of the dealings between Ilango and Abdul Karim.
Nonetheless, based on the facts admitted to by Ravan, it was clear that all
the elements of the charge against him were established beyond a reasonable
doubt. In particular, the original three blocks in the black haversack (A1)
was vegetable matter containing not less than 499.99 grams of cannabis. Ravan
clearly abetted by intentionally assisting Ilango in dealing with the “ganja”,
and he knew that the substance was “ganja”. Accordingly, I convicted Ravan of
the charge of abetment of a trafficking offence. Similarly, based on the
admissions without qualification by Ilango and Noor Azmi to the portions of
the Statement of Facts which related to their roles in the drug activities, I
found that all the elements of the charge against each of them were made out.
I convicted them of one trafficking charge each.

Sentencing

Antecedents

36 Turning to their antecedents, Ravan admitted to a string of previous
convictions, dating back to 1995. In particular, in 2007, Ravan was convicted
on a charge of drug consumption under s 8(b)(ii) of the Misuse of Drugs Act
(Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed), and given his previous admissions into the drug
rehabilitation centre, he was sentenced to five years of imprisonment and
three strokes of the cane. Ilango similarly admitted to a string of previous
convictions, dating back to 1989. In particular, in 2000, he was convicted of
a drug trafficking offence, as well as a drug consumption offence, and the
global sentence imposed on him was eight years of imprisonment with five
strokes of the cane. As for Noor Azmi, he was untraced.

Charges taken into consideration

37 Apart from the charges for which they were convicted of, each of the
accused persons also faced additional charges. As set out above at [14], upon
analysis by the HSA, in addition to the cannabis, the original three blocks
were also found to contain not less than 999.99 grams of cannabis mixture.
Thus, Ilango faced a second charge of possessing for the purpose of
trafficking not less than 999.99 grams of cannabis mixture, Noor Azmi faced a
second charge of trafficking involving not less than 999.99 grams of cannabis
mixture, while Ravan faced a second charge of abetting Ilango in trafficking
the cannabis mixture. Further, Ravan and Ilango faced a third charge each, of
joint possession for the purpose of trafficking the 83.05 grams of cannabis
found in the 34 small packets (which were fragments from the original three
blocks). The accused persons consented to having these charges be taken into
consideration for the purpose of sentencing.

The prescribed punishment

38 For an offence under s 5(1) of the MDA, and an offence under s 5(1) read
with s 5(2) of the MDA, by virtue of s 33(1) read with the sixth column of the
Second Schedule of the MDA, the prescribed punishment for trafficking in not
less than 330 grams and not more than 500 grams of cannabis, is a minimum of
20 years of imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane, with the maximum of 30
years of imprisonment or life imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane. By s 12
of the MDA, for abetting the commission of a trafficking offence within s 5(1)
read with s 5(2) of the MDA, the prescribed punishment is that for the
trafficking offence. In other words, in relation to trafficking, as well as
abetting the trafficking, of 499.99 grams of cannabis, the prescribed
punishment is between 20 to 30 years of imprisonment, or life imprisonment,
and 15 strokes of the cane.

The applicable legal principles

39 The applicable legal principles were not seriously disputed by the parties.
In Suventher Shanmugam v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 115 (“Suventher”), the
Court of Appeal set out the principles in determining the sentences to be
imposed for the offence of drug trafficking.

40 To summarise, the Court of Appeal stated where the offence concerns the
trafficking of drugs, the gravity of the offence is measured by the quantity
of drugs involved (see Suventher at [21]). The court should first determine
the indicative starting point of the sentence, which should be broadly
proportional to the quantity of drugs involved (see Suventher at [29]).

41 Specifically, the Court of Appeal determined that the sentencing guidelines
for trafficking in cannabis as follows (Suventher at [29]):

(a) 330 to 380 grams: 20 to 22 years’ imprisonment;

(b) 381 to 430 grams: 23 to 25 years’ imprisonment; and

(c) 431 to 500 grams: 26 to 29 years’ imprisonment.

42 The Court of Appeal emphasised that the sentencing guidelines should not be
applied mechanistically. After determining the indicative starting point of
the sentence, the court should consider the culpability of the accused, as
well as the presence of aggravating or mitigating factors, and adjust the
sentence upwards or downwards appropriately (see Suventher at [30]).

43 As regards the assessment of an offender’s culpability in relation to a
drug trafficking offence, the High Court stated in Vasentha d/o Joseph v
Public Prosecutor [2015] 5 SLR 122 (“Vasentha”) that this would include
consideration of an offender’s “motive as well as the nature and extent of his
role and involvement in the drug trade” (see [49]). As for aggravating
factors, the High Court identified these to include the presence of relevant
antecedents and offences taken into consideration for the purpose of
sentencing (see [54]). Mitigating factors would include the admission of
guilt, and the cooperation accorded to the authorities in the investigations
(see [70]).

Prosecution’s submissions

44 Given that the quantity of drugs involved in this case was 499.99 grams of
cannabis, the Prosecution submitted that the indicative starting point should
be at the uppermost end of the range of 26 to 29 years’ imprisonment
stipulated in Suventher for between 431 to 500 grams of cannabis, and that in
fact, a starting point of 29 years’ imprisonment would be appropriate.

45 Of the three accused persons, the Prosecution submitted that Ilango was the
most culpable, followed by Noor Azmi, with Ravan being the least culpable
offender. The analysis was as follows:

(a) Ilango had approached Abdul Karim for work. Then, he took up Abdul Karim’s
job offer, suspecting that it would involve illegal drugs. He did so purely
for financial gain. Thereafter, Ilango recruited Ravan in the operation,
offering Ravan money for his help. He also progressively directed Ravan to
carry out more tasks, from cutting, repacking, to storing the drugs. However,
the Prosecution conceded that Ilango was not the mastermind in the operation,
as compared to Abdul Karim. They also conceded that Ilango had offered
information to the CNB after his arrest.

(b) As for Noor Azmi, he had clearly established a working relationship with
Gobi to transport drugs into Singapore at RM600 per delivery. However, unlike
Ilango, he had not recruited anyone else into the drug operation. His
involvement was strictly limited to that of a courier.

(c) Turning to Ravan, he performed a limited role under the supervision of
Ilango. His participation was also a short one, having been recruited on the
day of the offence itself, being 22 October 2015. Furthermore, when he agreed
to help Ilango, Ravan did not know the full scale of assistance that was
required of him. Thus, he complied with Ilango’s direction to cut and repack
the drugs on a piecemeal basis. Ravan’s expected gain was also relatively
modest, being a sum of $50.

46 In terms of the aggravating factors, the Prosecution highlighted that Ravan
and Ilango had relevant antecedents. All three accused persons had outstanding
charges being taken into account for the purpose of sentencing, specifically
two each for Ilango and Ravan, and one for Noor Azmi.

47 In light of the above, for Ilango, the Prosecution submitted that a small
reduction from the starting point of 29 years’ imprisonment was warranted,
recognising that Ilango was not the mastermind of the operation. Given
Ilango’s cooperation with the CNB, the Prosecution submitted for a sentence of
around 26 to 27 years’ imprisonment. For Noor Azmi, a downward calibration
from any sentence imposed on Ilango was warranted. An appropriate sentence
would be not less than 26 years’ imprisonment. As for Ravan, a further
downward calibration was warranted from any sentence imposed on Noor Azmi.
Thus, Ravan should be sentenced to not less than 25 years’ imprisonment. Each
accused person should also be sentenced to caning of 15 strokes.

48 The Prosecution submitted that the sentencing position was in line with the
sentences imposed in the case of Public Prosecutor v Esvaran A/L Mohamet
Mustaffa and 2 others (CC 74/2017, unreported), on the three offenders Esvaran
A/L Mohamet Mustaffa (“Esvaran”), M Shanmugam (“Shanmugam”) and Denish A/L
Subramaniam (“Denish”). There, the offenders were convicted of charges
involving 14.99 grams of diamorphine, which was an amount of diamorphine just
below the threshold attracting capital punishment. Specifically, Denish had
offered Esvaran RM1,000 to transport the drugs from Malaysia into Singapore,
and to pass the drugs to Shanmugam. In turn, Shanmugam intended to sell the
drugs to his own customers. Esvaran was arrested when entering Singapore. With
his assistance, the authorities were able to locate and arrest Denish and
Shanmugam. Of the three offenders, only Shanmugam was traced for drug related
offences, including drug trafficking. For possessing the drugs for the purpose
of trafficking, Esvaran was sentenced to 24 years’ imprisonment, while Denish
was sentenced to 29 years’ imprisonment. Shanmugam was sentenced to 28½ years’
imprisonment for attempted possession of the drugs for the purpose of
trafficking. Esvaran has discontinued his appeal (CCA 56/2017), while Denish’s
appeal against sentence is pending determination (CCA 61/2017).

49 The Prosecution submitted that Ilango’s culpability was most akin to
Shanmugam’s. Both Ilango and the Shanmugam were traced for drug trafficking
offences, and both were the intended recipients of the imported drugs.
Although Shanmugam had intended to profit from the resale of the drugs, Ilango
was only acting on Abdul Karim’s instructions. Nonetheless, the Prosecution
submitted that Ilango had recruited another person into the enterprise, thus
increasing his culpability in this case. The Prosecution therefore submitted
that Ilango’s sentence should be lower than Shanmugam’s, justifying the call
for a sentence of about 26 to 27 years’ imprisonment to be imposed on Ilango
(see [47]).

50 The Prosecution submitted that Noor Azmi’s culpability was most akin to
Esvaran’s. However, Noor Azmi’s sentence should be higher than that imposed on
Esvaran because unlike Noor Azmi, Esvaran played a crucial role in the
identification and arrest of the other two offenders. Therefore, the
Prosecution argued that the submission of not less than 26 years of
imprisonment for Noor Azmi (see [47]) was warranted. As for the appropriate
sentence for Ravan, again as stated at [47], it should be lower than that for
Noor Azmi.

Ravan’s sentence

51 I now turn to Ravan’s plea in mitigation. Ravan’s counsel submitted that
Ravan should be sentenced to 21 years’ imprisonment with the mandatory 15
strokes of the cane.

52 In terms of Ravan’s culpability, Ravan’s counsel raised the following main
points. First, given the prior relationship between Ravan and Ilango, Ravan
felt pressured into assisting Ilango. He did not assist Ilango for the money,
as he agreed to help even before Ilango said that he would give him any money.
Ilango had clearly made use of Ravan. Second, the drugs did not belong to
Ravan, and he did not plan to do anything with the drugs. In fact, Ravan could
not do anything with the drugs. Ravan’s involvement in the offence was
limited. Third, he did not know who Ilango was dealing with, and did not know
who Ilango was going to pass the drugs to. He acted on Ilango’s instructions,
and for Ilango.

53 Turning to the mitigating factors, Ravan’s counsel highlighted that Ravan
had pleaded guilty. After his arrest, he cooperated fully during
investigations. He admitted fully to his involvement in the offence. This was
his first time being involved in drug trafficking activities.

54 Ravan’s counsel cited Public Prosecutor v Muhammad Nor Haiqal bin Shaman
[2017] SGHC 292 (“Nor Haiqal”) (from which an appeal filed by the Prosecution
by way of CCA 51/2017 was subsequently withdrawn), where Nor Haiqal was
sentenced to 23 years of imprisonment and caning for a charge of trafficking
in not less than 249.99 grams of methamphetamine. It was submitted that
Ravan’s culpability was a lot lower than that of Nor Haiqal, and Ravan should
accordingly get a sentence of 21 years of imprisonment.

55 I now turn to my analysis. As Ravan pleaded guilty to a charge of abetting
by intentionally aiding Ilango to traffic in not less than 499.99 grams of
cannabis, I agreed with the Prosecution that the indicative starting point is
a sentence of 29 years of imprisonment, being the highest end of the range of
26 to 29 years for the weight of between 431 to 500 grams of cannabis.

56 Further, I found that Ravan’s culpability, considered in the round,
warranted a substantial downwards adjustment from the indicative starting
point. First, I agreed with both the Prosecution and Ravan’s counsel that
Ravan performed a limited role in this drug trafficking offence. Ravan was
only recruited on the morning of the arrest. He had no idea of the extent of
the drug trafficking activities he was helping in. He acted only on the
instructions of Ilango, and he acted as and when the instructions were given.
Second, Ravan’s financial gain was rather meagre. Ravan was only promised $50
for helping Ilango on the day itself.

57 However, I agreed with the Prosecution that Ravan’s role, though minor, was
not a passive one. At this juncture, I turn to deal with the submission by
Ravan’s counsel that Ravan only agreed to help Ilango in this drug trafficking
offence because he was pressured by Ilango. Specifically, it was submitted
that Ravan and Ilango knew each other prior to Ilango’s previous conviction.
Ravan was convinced that Ilango possessed the means and resources to harm his
family. Some time ago, Ravan’s son was assaulted, and the attacker was not
apprehended. This happened when Ilango was in prison, awaiting trial for an
offence in which Ravan was to be a prosecution witness. When Ilango completed
his sentence, Ravan recalled Ilango asking Ravan how his son was doing. To
Ravan, this indicated that Ilango was responsible for procuring the assault on
Ravan’s son. When Ilango asked for Ravan’s help on the date of the drug
trafficking offence, Ravan felt pressured into agreeing.

58 Having considered this submission, I did not place much weight on this
assertion. Even taking Ravan’s account at the highest, there was hardly any
basis for Ravan to link Ilango to the purported assault on Ravan’s son.
Furthermore, Ravan did not allege that Ilango actually exerted any pressure on
Ravan to assist in the present offence. In particular, over a large part of
the day, Ravan had accompanied Ilango to collect the drugs, and assisted him
in cutting, weighing, repacking and storing those drugs. There was no
suggestion by Ravan that during this time, Ilango made any actual threats
against him or his family.

59 I should add that Ravan’s counsel submitted that by suggesting to Ilango to
weigh the drugs using Ilango’s weighing scale, Ravan wanted Ilango to remove
the drugs from Ravan’s flat and store the drugs at Ilango’s flat instead.
Also, Ravan showed Ilango a place with a CCTV camera to handover the drugs
because he wanted some proof that it was Ilango who handed over the drugs.
These were the supposed reasons for his actions, and throughout, he was
actually reluctant to assist Ilango. As stated above, I placed little weight
on the allegation that Ilango pressured Ravan to assist in the matter.
Furthermore, notwithstanding this submission on Ravan’s motives, it was clear
that Ravan had actively participated in various activities in dealing with the
drugs, so as to assist Ilango. The main point I wish to make here is that the
assistance he rendered was not trivial, and that he was not under any actual
pressure by Ilango to provide such assistance.

60 In terms of the mitigating factors, I found that weight should be given to
Ravan’s timely plea of guilt, and his cooperation with the authorities. In
terms of the aggravating factors, there was a relevant antecedent, in terms of
the drug consumption charge in 2007. While there were two other charges taken
into consideration for the purpose of sentencing Ravan, I noted that they
involved drugs found within the original three blocks of drugs which Ravan
helped to cut, re-pack, and store. Thus, although this was an aggravating
factor, this did not weigh heavily in my consideration.

61 Given all of the above, I agreed with the Prosecution that Ravan was the
least culpable amongst the three accused persons. A substantial downwards
adjustment from the 29 years’ imprisonment indicative starting point was
warranted, in view of his limited role, and the mitigating factors. Finally,
taking into account the aggravating factors, I was of the view that a sentence
of 24½ years’ imprisonment and the mandatory 15 strokes of the cane was
appropriate. This sentence was the lowest amongst all three accused persons in
this case as Ravan was the least culpable amongst them. The sentence was
backdated to 24 October 2015, being the date of remand.

62 For completeness, I also dealt with Ravan’s counsel’s submission that Ravan
should receive a sentence lower than that imposed on Nor Haiqal. In that case,
the offender pleaded guilty to, and was convicted of three charges. The first
was that of having not less than 249.99 grams of methamphetamine in his
possession for the purpose of trafficking. The second offence was for
trafficking in not less than 97.9 grams of methamphetamine, while the third
offence was for consumption of methamphetamine. The two charges being taken
into consideration for the purpose of sentencing were for trafficking in
methamphetamine. Nor Haiqal also had an antecedent for drug possession, for
which he was sentenced to probation, and was admitted to the drug
rehabilitation centre for drug consumption. Given that Nor Haiqal faced more
charges, Ravan’s counsel stressed that Nor Haiqal was more culpable. Further,
the drug activities involved a syndicate. Finally, Nor Haiqal’s role was to
help pack and deliver drugs. He had been doing this for four months before the
arrest.

63 I noted that the High Court found that the role played by Nor Haiqal was
minimal despite the involvement of a syndicate. Nor Haiqal was only 20 years
old at the time, and had agreed to help out so as to feed his own drug
addiction and not to be an active part of the syndicate’s operations. The High
Court sentenced him to 23 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane for
the first offence, five years’ imprisonment and five strokes of the cane for
the second offence and one year’s imprisonment for the third offence. The
sentences of the first and the third offences were ordered to run
consecutively, with the sentence for the second offence to run concurrently.
As a result, Nor Haiqal faced a global sentence of 24 years’ imprisonment with
20 strokes of the cane.

64 In my view, there were two factors that distinguished Ravan’s case from Nor
Haiqal. First, Ravan was older in age, being 41 years old at the time of his
arrest, while Nor Haiqal was a young offender. Second, Ravan had more previous
convictions, and a more aggravated drug consumption history. The sentence
imposed on Ravan was half a year more than the global sentence imposed on Nor
Haiqal, and I did not consider the sentence to be excessive.

Ilango’s sentence

65 Turning to Ilango, at the outset, I highlight an error in the charge that
has come to my attention. As Ilango had a drug trafficking antecedent, ie, he
had previously been convicted for an offence under s 5(1)(a) read with ss 5(2)
and 33(1) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 1998 Rev Ed), the charge
against him relied on the enhanced sentencing regime under s 33(4A)(i) of the
MDA. This provision states that a repeat offender who traffics in a Class A
drug shall be punished with imprisonment for a term of not less than 10 years
and not more than 30 years, and not less than 10 strokes and not more than 15
strokes of the cane.

66 In preparing these grounds of decision, I have come to the view that the
reliance on this punishment provision is an error. By s 33(4D) of the MDA, the
punishment provided under subsection (4A) “shall apply only if the punishment
as shown in the sixth column of the Second Schedule is not applicable in
relation to that offence” [emphasis added]. As stated at [38], for the offence
of trafficking in not less than 330 grams and not more than 500 grams of
cannabis under s 5(1), or s 5(1) read with s 5(2), the punishment is
prescribed by the sixth column of the Second Schedule of the MDA. To
reiterate, such punishment is that of 20 years’ to 30 years’ imprisonment or
life imprisonment, with a mandatory minimum of 15 strokes of the cane. This is
heavier than that provided for under the enhanced sentencing regime under s
33(4A)(i) of the MDA. In fact, this is the purpose of s 33(4D), which allows
the heavier punishment to prevail.

67 Given that the trafficking charge against Ilango involved not less than
499.99 grams of cannabis, the applicable punishment provision should have been
s 33(1) read with the sixth column of the Second Schedule of the MDA, and the
charge should have been framed accordingly. I should also add that the same
error arose in the second charge against Ilango, of possessing for the purpose
of trafficking not less than 999.99 grams of cannabis mixture, which was taken
into consideration for the purpose of sentencing. Again, the applicable
sentencing provision should have been s 33(1) read with the sixth column of
the Second Schedule of the MDA, and not s 33(4A)(i) of the MDA.

68 In my view, the errors did not cause any injustice in the case, especially
to Ilango, and that they do not render the proceedings invalid: see s 423 of
the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed). The substantive elements of
the charges were set out, and Ilango admitted to committing the offences. As
far as sentencing is concerned, parties had, in fact, correctly applied the
framework within Suventher, and argued for an appropriate sentence within the
range of 20 years to 30 years: see the Prosecution’s position at [44], [47]
and [49] above, and that of Ilango’s counsel below at [69]. There was also no
dispute that 15 strokes of the cane should be imposed. In fact, there is no
appeal against Ilango’s sentence. Had the charges been framed with the
applicable punishment provision, there would have been no difference to my
sentence. As there is no appeal against Ilango’s sentence, I have informed the
Prosecution, Ilango’s counsel and Ilango of this matter.

69 With that, I turn to the main points raised by Ilango’s counsel in his
mitigation plea, in support of a submission of 23 years’ imprisonment and 15
strokes for Ilango:

(a) First, within the range of 26 to 29 years set out in Suventher, the
indicative starting point for Ilango should be 26 years’ imprisonment because
there has been no suggestion that Ilango’s conduct was among the “worst
conceivable” for the offence in question.

(b) Second, Ilango’s culpability should be regarded as relatively low. This
was because Ilango did not direct or organise the drug trade on a commercial
scale, and he did not take active steps to avoid detection of the offence.
Although Ilango involved Ravan in the commission of the offence, his doing so
cannot be described as an act of “recruiting” Ravan into a drug operation in
the typical sense.

(c) Ilango’s culpability was also low because he was in desperate need for
financial sustenance. He was not intimately involved in the drug trade. He had
no knowledge of who the drugs he had collected were intended to be distributed
to. He merely took Abdul Karim’s job offer and followed Abdul Karim’s
instructions closely.

(d) Ilango did not profit from the commission of the offence. He was motivated
by desperation stemming from his inability to find legitimate employment
following his release from prison and his fear that he would be unable to
provide for his family. In this case, Ilango did not even ask Abdul Karim if
he would get paid for his help in collecting the drugs.

(e) As for the mitigating factors, Ilango was deeply remorseful and had
pleaded guilty early.

(f) As for aggravating factors, the charges to be taken into consideration for
sentencing should carry little weight, because they related to the same drug
transaction.

70 To begin with, I disagreed with Ilango’s counsel that the indicative
starting point for Ilango’s sentence should be 26 years of imprisonment, on
the basis that it was not the “worst” case for such an offence. As set out
above at [40], in determining the indicative starting point for an offence of
drug trafficking, the quantity of drugs involved would be the main factor. In
view of the sheer weight of cannabis involved, the indicative starting point
of Ilango’s sentence of 29 years, close to 30 years of imprisonment, was
appropriate. In fact, this was the starting point I applied for Ravan, and as
I shall set out later, for consistency, this was also the starting point I
applied for Noor Azmi: see [77].

71 In terms of culpability, I found that Ilango’s culpability warranted a
downwards adjustment from the 29 years’ imprisonment as the starting point. In
this regard, I agreed with Ilango’s counsel that Ilango’s involvement in the
drug trade did not involve him directing or organising the drug trade on a
commercial scale. The Prosecution also rightfully pointed out that Ilango was
not the mastermind of this drug operation. He was merely following
instructions given by Abdul Karim.

72 However, I disagreed with Ilango’s counsel that little weight should be
given to the fact that Ilango recruited Ravan into this operation. On the
contrary, the fact of the matter was that Ilango asked Ravan along for the
trip to collect the drugs, and that Ilango later offered Ravan $50 for his
continued help in relation to the drugs. Further, I also found that Ilango
committed this offence for his own personal financial gain. He asked Abdul
Karim for work, and expected to be financially rewarded for taking up this job
from Abdul Karim.

73 In terms of mitigating factors, I took into account the fact that Ilango
pleaded guilty in this case, thus saving resources that would otherwise be
expended at trial. He had also assisted the authorities by providing
information to the CNB.

74 Turning to the aggravating factors, I took into account the drug
trafficking and consumption antecedents. I also noted that Ilango faced two
other charges in this case. However, I agreed that I should not place too much
weight on this as the drugs involved were contained in the original three
blocks. I refer to my view expressed at [60] above.

75 Taking all the matters in the round, I agreed with the Prosecution that
Ilango was the most culpable of the three accused persons, but that a
downwards adjustment from Shanmugam’s sentence in CC 74/2017 was warranted
(see [48] to [50] above). Ilango’s culpability was lower than Shanmugam’s, and
he had assisted the CNB. In light of the Ilango’s culpability, and the
relevant aggravating and mitigating factors present in his case, I was of the
view that a sentence of 26½ years’ imprisonment was appropriate, and that 15
strokes of the cane was warranted. The sentence was backdated to 24 October
2015, being the date of remand.

Noor Azmi’s sentence

76 Turning to Noor Azmi, his counsel submitted that he should be sentenced to
the minimum sentence of only 20 years’ imprisonment and the mandatory 15
strokes of the cane. To support this argument, Noor Azmi’s counsel put forward
three key arguments. First, Noor Azmi’s culpability was lower than that of
Esvaran’s (CC 74/2017), and so he should receive a sentence lower than the 24
years’ imprisonment which was imposed on Esvaran. Also, Noor Azmi was
cooperative and honest as to his guilt and the part he played in this case.
There was no aggravating factor present in this case.

77 Similar to the approach taken in sentencing Ravan and Ilango, I applied 29
years of imprisonment, at the highest end of the spectrum, as the indicative
starting point for Noor Azmi.

78 Based on culpability, I found that a downwards adjustment from the
indicative starting point of 29 years’ imprisonment was warranted. For one,
Noor Azmi’s role was limited to that of a courier only. He did not recruit
anyone into the operation. However, I also agreed with the Prosecution that
Noor Azmi was motivated by profit when he committed this crime. There was an
arrangement between Noor Azmi and Gobi whereby he would receive RM600 per
delivery of drugs into Singapore. Thus, while I found that Noor Azmi was less
culpable than Ilango in this case, he was more culpable than Ravan.

79 Turning to the mitigating factors, again, Noor Azmi pleaded guilty.
Although he did not have any antecedents, this was a neutral factor.

80 Noor Azmi’s counsel took issue with the Prosecution’s submission that Noor
Azmi should face a higher sentence than Esvaran because the latter cooperated
with the authorities and played a crucial role in the identification and
arrest of the two other offenders, and the disruption of drug trafficking
activities while the same cannot be said of Noor Azmi. Noor Azmi’s counsel
argued that such an argument should carry no weight because it was unfair on
Noor Azmi. In this case, Noor Azmi was the last of the three accused persons
to be arrested. Further, Noor Azmi’s counsel argued that Noor Azmi was
cooperative and honest as to his guilt and the part he played in this offence
and this should be a mitigating factor.

81 As no evidence was led on whether Noor Azmi cooperated with the authorities
in the investigations, I did not place any weight on this point in deciding
whether Noor Azmi’s sentence should be equal or not to the sentence imposed on
Esvaran. Even if I was inclined to give Noor Azmi the benefit of the doubt and
find that he did cooperate with the authorities, I nonetheless found that Noor
Azmi’s sentence should not be reduced to one that was lower than Esvaran’s
because Noor Azmi had another charge taken into consideration for the purpose
of sentencing. More importantly, I did not see how the minimum sentence could
be justified. In light of the above, I imposed a sentence of 25 years’
imprisonment backdated to the date of remand, being 14 November 2015, and the
mandatory 15 strokes of the cane.

Conclusion

82 To conclude, I should add that the sentences imposed on the three accused
persons above are in line with the principle of parity, which is that the
sentences meted out to co-offenders who are party to a common criminal
enterprise should not be unduly disparate from each other and that those of
similar culpability should receive similar sentences, while those of greater
culpability should generally be more severely punished (Chong Han Rui v Public
Prosecutor [2016] SGHC 25 at [1]). As Ilango was the most culpable of the
three accused persons, he was sentenced to imprisonment of 26½ years, followed
by Noor Azmi for 25 years of imprisonment, and then Ravan for 24½ years of
imprisonment. The sentences were backdated to the date of remand for each of
them. Each of them was also sentenced to 15 strokes of the cane.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge

Anandan Bala, Zhou Yihong and Gabriel Choong  
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor;  
Ramesh Tiwary (M/s Ramesh Tiwary) and Ravinderpal Singh  
(Kalco Law LLC) for the first accused;  
Paul Tan and Jared Dass  
(M/s Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the second accused; and

Johan Ismail (Johan Ismail & Co) and Gino Hardial Singh  
(Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for the third accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

