Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 32

Suit No 218 of 2015

Between

| BDC  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| BDD  
---|---  
(2)| BDE  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Building and construction law] — [Architects, engineers and surveyors] —
[Duties and liabilities]

[Building and construction law] — [Building and construction contracts] —
[Measurement contracts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BDC

  

v

  

BDD and another

[2018] SGHC 32

High Court — Suit No 218 of 2015  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
16, 18 August 2017, 1 December 2017

14 February 2018

Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 The present suit was filed by the plaintiff against the first defendant for
breach of contract and negligence in the preparation of a measurement survey
which turned out to be factually inaccurate in one particular dimension. A key
issue that formed the crux of the trial was the scope and nature of the
contract entered into between the parties which would determine whether the
accuracy of that dimension would constitute part of the contract. After
hearing the evidence of both parties, I found that there was no breach of
contract or negligence and dismissed the plaintiff’s suit. The plaintiff has
filed an appeal against this decision, and I now give my reasons.

Facts

The parties

2 The plaintiff is a company that, at the material time, owned a 2-storey
conservation shophouse located at Seah Street (“the Shophouse”).

3 The first defendant is a company providing survey services and was engaged
by the plaintiff to carry out measurement surveys of the Shophouse in
preparation for intended renovation works.

4 The plaintiff had engaged the second defendant as architects for the
renovation works. The plaintiff subsequently joined the second defendant to
this suit. As the contract of engagement between the plaintiff and the second
defendant contained an arbitration clause, the proceedings were stayed in
favour of arbitration on the issue of liability of the second defendant, with
the issue of quantum, should it arise, to be dealt with in this suit in a
joint trial with the first defendant (see decision in BDC v BDD and another
[2016] SGHC 202).

Background to the dispute

5 The plaintiff intended to carry out addition and alteration works on the
Shophouse and engaged the services of the first defendant to produce
measurement surveys of the existing Shophouse. The first defendant prepared
drawings of the existing Shophouse, and the second defendant subsequently used
these drawings to design a six-storey extension block to be constructed behind
the part of the Shophouse that had to be conserved in accordance with URA
rules.

6 When contractors later attempted to execute the second defendant’s design,
it transpired that the dimensions of the Shophouse were inaccurately depicted.
The second defendant had, in reliance on the first defendant’s measurement
surveys, used the figure of 5972mm as the distance between a gridline and the
roof ridge, when in reality the distance was 6688mm.

7 The first defendant redid the measurement surveys after being notified of
this error, and the second defendant then produced rectified designs based on
the new measurement. As it was necessary to submit the new designs to URA for
approval, this caused some delay to the contractor’s work. The plaintiff
brought this present suit to claim for the additional costs incurred as well
as losses suffered as a result of the delay.

Issues to be determined

8 The question for determination at this trial was limited to the issue of the
first defendant’s liability to the plaintiff in relation to the inaccurate
measurement drawings.

9 Due to the nature of the respective cases advanced by the parties, the key
issue for determination became one concerning the nature and scope of the
contract entered into, specifically whether the contract was one for internal
renovation and alteration or whether it was intended to be a broader contract
which contemplated external works as well.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s case

10 The plaintiff claimed that the first defendant acted in breach of the
contract and also failed to exercise all reasonable care and skill as
surveyors in the preparation of the measurement drawings, by failing to ensure
that the drawings would not contain inaccuracies or errors.

11 The plaintiff claimed that the nature of the contract and the scope of the
first defendant’s agreed role were not restricted to the production of
measurement surveys for the sole purpose of internal renovation, and that the
first defendant was aware of the possibility of external renovation works to
be effected on the Shophouse. In such circumstances, the position of the roof
ridge was of particular importance as it would affect the total area within
which the extension works could be effected in compliance with conservation
rules. The exact dimensions of the measurement drawings would hence have a
direct impact on the addition and alteration works to be carried out.

12 In support of its claim that the contract was not contemplated to be
limited to internal renovation works, the plaintiff argued that the first
defendant had previously provided quotations for the plaintiff for a different
project at the nearby 6 Purvis Street, which project similarly involved the
building of a six-storey block extension behind a conservation shophouse. The
plaintiff also claimed that Pang Hongwei (“Pang”), who was the survey manager
of the first defendant in charge of the present project, was aware that the
plaintiff was in the business of redeveloping conservation shophouses.
Further, the plaintiff referred to a series of email correspondence between
Pang and the plaintiff’s director George Lin (“Lin”) wherein Pang made
reference to numbering conventions of units within the Shophouse and
specifically to examples involving third and fourth storey units, which
allegedly indicated Pang’s awareness or knowledge that the plaintiff’s
intended renovations to the Shophouse were not limited to internal renovation
works.

13 The plaintiff argued in the alternative that even if the contract had been
limited to the production of measurement surveys for internal renovation of
the Shophouse, the inaccuracies in the measurement surveys would nonetheless
have been in breach of the first defendant’s contractual obligations and duty
of care, since the same errors would have affected such internal works.

The first defendant’s case

14 The first defendant’s case was that parties had entered into a contract for
the first defendant to produce measurement surveys intended for the sole
purpose of facilitating internal renovation works. For such purposes, the
position of the roof ridge was not material and that was the reason that the
first defendant did not measure it accurately. The first defendant also did
not depict the position of the roof ridge in the measurement survey with a
dimension as this was adequate for such intended purposes. To obtain the
dimension for its design, what the second defendant did was to use a scale
rule to measure that dimension from the measurement survey. The design was
then carried out based on that scaled measurement. The first defendant did not
dispute that such scaled measurement was indeed what was indicated in the
measurement survey. However, the first defendant argued that it had not been
contracted to provide survey measurements that would give the distance
position of the roof ridge to the degree of accuracy required by the
plaintiff. As such, there was no breach of the first defendant’s contractual
obligations or duty of care.

15 The first defendant argued that the limited scope of the contract was
evidenced by the relatively low quotation of $2,800. The first defendant
further argued, relying on the evidence of Pang, that Lin had expressly
communicated on the plaintiff’s behalf that the survey was for the purpose of
internal renovation. In addition, Pang had approached Lin to open the ceiling
so that the roof ridge could be surveyed but Lin had told him that he could
not arrange to do so because the upper storey was occupied by a tenant. The
first defendant argued that this showed that the plaintiff’s intention at that
point of time was only to renovate the interior of the Shophouse. Further,
since Lin did not arrange for access to the roof, he must have known that Pang
did not carry out a survey of the roof ridge, and could not have given
accurate drawings of its position.

16 The first defendant further argued that even though Pang might have
previously given a quotation for the project at 6 Purvis Street, this had no
bearing on the plaintiff’s intention as to the project at the Shophouse. The
references in the emails to numbering conventions of various units were also
purely hypothetical, and did not indicate that Pang was aware of the
plaintiff’s alleged intention to build a six-storey extension. The first
defendant disputed that the inaccuracies in the measurement survey would have
adversely affected internal renovations, and asserted that they would have at
most affected aesthetics or required re-cutting of wood panels, but would not
have affected statutory compliance or material enjoyment of the Shophouse.

My decision

17 It was undisputed that at the time of contract formation several emails
were exchanged between the plaintiff and the first defendant. Specifically,
the plaintiff sent a total of three emails on 29 and 30 June 2011 to the first
defendant requesting for a quotation to conduct a measurement and
topographical survey on the Shophouse, and the first defendant replied with a
quotation on 14 July 2011, which was then signed and returned by the
plaintiff. As the contents of these emails were not of particular assistance
to either party’s case, the nature of the contract turned instead on the
evidence of the witnesses called.

18 According to the affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) of Pang, he had
spoken to Lin on the phone after visiting the site of the Shophouse on 5 July
2011. During this phone conversation, Pang asked Lin why the plaintiff
required a survey of the Shophouse when it was likely to be under conservation
and hence it would not be possible to touch the façade. Lin then told Pang
that the survey was for the purpose of carrying out internal renovation and
alteration works, ie, columns and partitions. When asked what the plaintiff
intended to do with the Shophouse, Lin replied that it might be converted into
a pub. Pang stated that Lin did not mention anything about using the Shophouse
as a hotel or constructing any extensions at the back of the Shophouse, and
said that he would have otherwise asked for more specific details if Lin had
communicated that intention. Pang also stated that it was on this
understanding that he quoted only a total of $2,800 for the topographical and
measurement survey.

19 In his AEIC, Lin stated that the plaintiff intended to carry out additions
and alterations to the Shophouse which included the construction of a six-
storey block behind the Shophouse, and therefore engaged the first defendant
to carry out the necessary surveys. Lin stated further that he had personally
asked the first defendant for quotations for the project at 6 Purvis Street,
which similarly involved the construction of a six-storey block undertaken by
an associated company of the plaintiff, and that the first defendant was asked
to quote for a survey as the owner of 6 Purvis Street wished to apply for the
sub-division of that Shophouse into strata titles.

20 There was no mention in Lin’s AEIC of the phone conversation referred to
above by Pang. The first defendant’s counsel pointed out during cross-
examination of Lin that the assertions of what transpired during the phone
conversation were specifically pleaded in the Defence, and whilst it was
stated in the plaintiff’s reply that a telephone conversation did take place,
there was no mention of this telephone conversation in Lin’s AEIC. Lin
testified during cross-examination that despite this omission in his AEIC, he
would not have told Pang that the purpose of the survey was for internal
renovation, and gave the following elaboration:

As in, for me, when I had a conversation with Mr Pang, that was to engage him
and talk about doing the survey for the---the---the proposed project. And I
knew that it was going to be a development similar to what we have done
previously, and that was the primary intention. So I would not have mentioned
to him that I wanted to do a renovation of internal---for internal purposes.

21 When pressed during cross-examination as to why this case was not advanced
in his AEIC, Lin explained that in his AEIC he was merely stating things that
were “clearly initiated by [him] and done by [him]”, and which were from his
“point of view”. In re-examination, Lin stated that he could not recall what
transpired during the phone conversation but it probably concerned the “making
[of] arrangements to meet onsite to do the survey itself”, and that he could
not have said that the plaintiff intended to convert the Shophouse into a pub
as the plaintiff did not have the necessary management expertise, even though
the plaintiff had converted previous shophouses into restaurants and other
businesses.

22 The issue of the nature of the contract turned ultimately on the veracity
of Pang versus that of Lin. I was satisfied on the balance of probabilities
that Pang’s version of events was the truthful one. His evidence of the phone
conversation that took place was detailed in his AEIC, and was also consistent
with his responses during cross-examination by the plaintiff’s counsel. On the
other hand, Lin appeared to have little recollection of the conversation, and
had failed to advance in his AEIC the position that he took on cross-
examination, namely that he could not have told Pang what was alleged since
the plaintiff had been contemplating redevelopment of the Shophouse and not
merely internal renovation. This omission in Lin’s AEIC was particularly
glaring since the phone conversation was specifically pleaded in the Defence,
and was central to the issue for determination. I also noted that the
plaintiff provided no corroborating evidence that it had already formed the
intention to redevelop the Shophouse by constructing an extension block at the
time the quotation was obtained, whereas Pang’s evidence was somewhat
corroborated by the low quotation price of $2,800. By way of contrast, the
first defendant’s quotation for the Purvis Street project was for $19,000,
although I recognised that the two surveys were different in nature, in that
the Purvis Street survey was a post-construction survey for purposes of a
contemplated strata sub-division application rather than a topographical and
measurement survey.

23 I was further persuaded by the evidence that Pang did not manage to gain
access to the roof for measurement purposes, as Lin had informed him that he
was unable to arrange for access since the second storey was occupied. The
fact that Pang did not bother to measure the roof ridge location using a more
accurate method, together with the lack of any dimensions indicated on the
measurement drawings, suggested to me that he was indeed under the impression
that the measurement survey was solely for internal renovation purposes.

24 The plaintiff sought to rely on the fact that Pang had previously given
quotations for the project at 6 Purvis Street, and that that particular
project similarly involved a conservation shophouse behind which a six-storey
block was to be built, as well as the fact that Pang was aware that the
plaintiff was in the business of redeveloping conservation shophouses. I did
not think that these suffice to show that the first defendant must have
realised that the plaintiff had similar intentions as to the present project
at the Shophouse in the light of specific evidence from the first defendant
that the nature of the survey was discussed.

25 I therefore held on the totality of the evidence that the contract between
the plaintiff and the first defendant was for internal renovation of the
Shophouse.

26 The plaintiff had argued in the alternative that even if the first
defendant had been engaged to conduct measurement surveys for the purposes of
internal renovation, the drawings produced and the inaccuracies contained
therein would nonetheless have rendered the first defendant liable under the
contract, as the erroneous position of the roof ridge would have affected even
internal renovations. I was not persuaded that this was indeed the case.
Whereas Pang agreed on cross-examination that the position of the roof ridge
would have certain implications on internal renovations, such as if there had
been plans to install wood panels on the walls from the floor to the ceiling,
it did not flow from this that the internal renovations would have been
adversely or materially affected. It is certainly conceivable that contractors
will often have to make adjustments to their renovation works as they obtain
more information on the ground, and it cannot be that all errors made during
the surveying process no matter how insignificant would render the surveyor
liable for such subsequent adjustments. In any case, the plaintiff has not
sought to show that any such error would be a breach of the first defendant’s
contractual obligations and duty of care.

27 Although the parties adduced evidence from experts to give evidence on
whether the first defendant ought to have more accurately indicated the
location of the roof ridge on the survey drawing, I was of the view that this
issue is not relevant given my finding that the contract between the parties
did not oblige the first defendant to do this to within the degree of accuracy
required by the plaintiff.

Conclusion

28 As such, given that the contract was for internal renovation and
alterations, the roof ridge was an immaterial detail and its location on the
measurement survey was within the range of accuracy that a measurement survey
for such purposes required. This finding of fact also disposed of the claim in
negligence as there was no duty of care on the first defendant to provide what
he was not contractually obliged to provide. Therefore I dismissed the action
against the first defendant.

29 The first defendant brought to my attention that there was an offer to
settle served by the first defendant on 23 February 2017 for the sum of
$190,000. I therefore ordered for the plaintiff to pay costs to the first
defendant on a standard basis from the date of the writ until 23 February 2017
and on an indemnity basis from 23 February 2017 to the date of the judgment.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Lim Yee Ming and Lim Yu Jia (Kelvin Chia Partnership) for the plaintiff;  
Tai Chean Ming and Lim Lian Kee (Chong Chia & Lim LLC) for the first
defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

