Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 161

Criminal Case No 43 of 2016

Between

Public Prosecutor

And

(1)| Zulkarnain bin Kemat  
---|---  
(2)| Mohammad Rizwan bin Akbar Husain  
(3)| Saminathan Selvaraju  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Zulkarnain bin Kemat and others

[2018] SGHC 161

High Court — Criminal Case No 43 of 2016  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
1–2, 6–8, 13–16, 20–21, 23 September, 7 November 2016, 16 January 2017, 5–6
September 2017; 12 March 2018

16 July 2018

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 In this joint trial, the three accused persons claimed trial to a charge
each in relation to 35 bundles of granular/powdery substance containing 301.6
grams of diamorphine (which I shall refer to as “the drugs”).

2 The first accused, Zulkarnain bin Kemat (“Zulkarnain”), faced a charge of
having the drugs in his possession for the purpose of trafficking. This is an
offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185,
2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”).

3 The charge against the second accused, Mohammad Rizwan bin Akbar Husain
(“Rizwan”), was that of abetting by instigating Zulkarnain to be in possession
of the drugs for the purpose of trafficking. This is an offence under s
5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) and s 12 of the MDA.

4 As for the third accused, Saminathan Selvaraju (“Saminathan”), he was
charged with trafficking the drugs by delivering them to Zulkarnain, an
offence under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA.

5 In brief, the Prosecution’s case was that on 20 November 2013, Rizwan
instructed Zulkarnain to collect the drugs. At around 10pm, along Quality
Road, Singapore, Saminathan passed the drugs to Zulkarnain. After collecting
the drugs, Zulkarnain was meant to deliver the drugs to Rizwan, but he was
arrested before he could do so. Turning to the defences, Zulkarnain denied any
knowledge of the nature of the drugs, while Rizwan and Saminathan denied any
involvement at all. At the conclusion of the trial, I found that the elements
of the respective charges had been made out against each of the accused
persons, and I convicted them accordingly.

6 Under s 33(1) read with the Second Schedule of the MDA, the prescribed
punishment for these offences is death. Section 33B(1)(a) provides that if the
two requirements set out in s 33B(2) are satisfied, the court has a discretion
not to impose the death penalty. The first requirement is that the acts of the
accused were restricted to those of a “courier”. The second requirement is
that the Public Prosecutor (“PP”) certifies that the accused has substantively
assisted the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) in disrupting drug trafficking
activities within or outside Singapore.

7 I found that Zulkarnain met both requirements, and exercised my discretion
to impose the sentence of life imprisonment. As he was above 50 years old, he
was not liable for caning. However, Rizwan met neither of the requirements. As
for Saminathan, although he satisfied the first requirement, in that I found
his role to be that of a courier, the PP did not issue a certificate of
substantive assistance. In respect of Rizwan and Saminathan, I imposed the
mandatory death sentence.

8 Rizwan and Saminathan have both appealed against their conviction and
sentence. I now provide the reasons for my decision, beginning with the
evidence for the Prosecution.

The Prosecution’s case

Events leading up to the drug transaction

9 On 20 November 2013, at or about 8.15pm, acting on information received, a
group of CNB officers began tailing Zulkarnain from his residence at Block 1
Spooner Road to various locations in Singapore before reaching Chin Bee Drive
at about 9.13pm. Zulkarnain was driving a black Honda car with registration
number SJF2200B.

10 On the same night, as closed circuit television (“CCTV”) footages revealed,
at about 9.20pm, Rizwan left his residence at Block 136 Petir Road. He was
wearing a cap, a black T-shirt and long dark pants. He headed in the direction
of a parking area.

11 At about 9.55pm, Zulkarnain was seen positioning his car near the junction
of Chin Bee Drive and Quality Road. At about the same time, a black Mitsubishi
Lancer bearing registration number SGC4606C (“the black Mitsubishi”) was
observed to be parked in front of Zulkarnain’s car. The black Mitsubishi was
registered under Rizwan’s name. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

The Agreed Bundle (“AB”), pp 477-478 ie, AB477-478.

SSgt Azhari bin Rohman (“SSgt Azhari”) observed that the driver was plumb, and
wearing a cap. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AB257, para 12.

12 Then, both cars were seen driving from Chin Bee Drive into Quality Road,
which was a two-way road. SSSgt Mak Weng Chuan (“SSSgt Mak”) observed that the
cars drove past a stationary trailer bearing Malaysian registration number
WER2508 (“the Trailer”), which was parked along Quality Road (towards the
direction of Chin Bee Drive). The Trailer had its hazard lights on. The black
Mitsubishi stopped further down along Quality Road (towards the direction of
International Road). Meanwhile, Zulkarnain’s car made a U-turn, and parked in
front of the Trailer. The driver of the Trailer (observed to be a male Indian)
alighted and loaded certain items into Zulkarnain’s car through the left rear
passenger side, before returning to the Trailer. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AB250, para 13 and AB304.

I shall refer to this as “the drug transaction”.

Arrests and seizure of the drugs

13 Following the drug transaction, the three vehicles left Quality Road, and
were separately tailed by the CNB officers.

14 At Tagore Industrial Avenue, Zulkarnain’s car was stopped, and Zulkarnain
was arrested by the CNB officers. From the floor mat of the rear of the car,
the CNB officers recovered two red plastic bags: the first contained 15 black-
taped bundles, while the second contained 20 black-taped bundles. All 35
bundles contained the drugs. The items were seized. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AB273, paras 15 and 16.

15 The CNB officers lost sight of the black Mitsubishi when its driver made a
sudden U-turn, and sped off along Tampines Avenue. Following investigations,
Rizwan was identified as its driver. Rizwan was arrested on 29 November 2013,
after he was brought back to Singapore from Malaysia. He had fled to Malaysia
on 25 November 2013 by hiding in the boot of a car. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Exh P279, paras 20 and 21.

16 The Trailer was tailed by the CNB officers from Quality Road to Tuas
checkpoint. It was observed to have passed through the Immigration and
Checkpoints Authority (“ICA”) gantry at about 10.15pm, and to have headed
towards Malaysia. Following investigations, Saminathan was identified as the
Trailer’s driver, and the person who carried out the drug transaction. He was
arrested on 25 March 2014 at the Woodlands Checkpoint as he was entering
Singapore.

Analysis by the Health Sciences Authority

17 The 35 bundles seized from Zulkarnain’s car were sent to the Health
Sciences Authority (“HSA”). Upon analysis, it was ascertained that the
granular/powdery substance within the 35 bundles weighed 11,439 grams in total
and was found to contain not less than 301.6 grams of diamorphine.

Statements of Zulkarnain

18 Pursuant to s 258(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed)
(“CPC”), the Prosecution sought to admit 12 statements recorded from
Zulkarnain in the course of investigations. Zulkarnain did not object to the
admissibility of any of his statements. The 12 statements were:

(a) Two contemporaneous statements recorded under s 22 of the CPC by SSgt
Bukhari bin Ahmad on 20 and 21 November 2013;

(b) The cautioned statement recorded under s 23 of the CPC on 21 November 2013
by W/Insp Ng Pei Xin (“W/Insp Ng”);

(c) Nine long statements recorded by W/Insp Ng Pei Xin under s 22 of the CPC
on various dates, from 21 November 2013 to 6 May 2014.

19 At the outset, I should state that the contents of these statements were
fairly consistent. I summarise their key aspects. In the various statements,
Zulkarnain consistently stated that on the night of 20 November 2013, he had
acted on the instructions of a person whom he knew as “Bos” or “Boss” to
collect “illegal” items. The plan was for Zulkarnain to meet “Bos” or “Boss”
at Tagore Lane after collecting these items, so that he could hand the items
over to “Bos” or “Boss”. “Bos” or “Boss” was also known to him as “Batman”.
For convenience, I shall refer to him as “Boss”.

20 Specifically, in the first long statement recorded on 21 November 2013,
Zulkarnain stated as follows:

(a) Upon being shown nine photographs of different persons, Zulkarnain
identified “Boss” as Rizwan. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AB417, para 8.

(b) Zulkarnain stated that on 20 November 2013, “Boss” called him at 5pm on
his blue Nokia handphone (marked as “ZK-HP3”) and told him that there was a
job that night and instructed him to get ready. At about 7pm to 8pm, “Boss”
called again and told Zulkarnain to head to Chin Bee Drive. At Chin Bee Drive,
when “Boss” was near, he instructed Zulkarnain to switch off all his
handphones and to use a walkie-talkie to communicate instead. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AB416, para 4.

(c) Upon arrival, “Boss” instructed Zulkarnain to drive into Quality Road and
were he to see a trailer with blinking lights, he was to park in front of that
trailer. Then, “Boss” drove on ahead and Zulkarnain followed. Zulkarnain then
saw the Trailer with its lights blinking. Zulkarnain did as instructed and
parked in front of the Trailer. Then, an Indian man exited the Trailer, walked
over, opened the back door of his car, placed some items into his car and
walked off. Zulkarnain then communicated with “Boss” over the walkie-talkie to
ask where he should go next. He was informed to head to the “usual place”
which Zulkarnain assumed would be Tagore Lane. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AB417, para 4.

(d) As for past dealings between the parties, Zulkarnain stated that he got to
know “Boss” sometime in August 2013, when he was working as a bouncer in Boat
Quay. One day, “Boss” called him, and asked if he wanted to work for “Boss”.
“Boss” said that someone told him that Zulkarnain “could be trusted”, had a
driver’s licence, and needed money. A week later, Zulkarnain agreed to help
“Boss”, and did so for about three to five times in total. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AB415-416, paras 2-4.

21 In the fourth long statement recorded on 25 November 2013 at 7.48pm,
Zulkarnain said that:

(a) He had collected items for “Boss” on six other occasions prior to the
night of the drug transaction. On these occasions, Zulkarnain would rent a car
ahead of time. He had rented about five or six cars in total. “Boss”
instructed him on the pick-up location to collect the items. When he arrived,
someone would place the items in his car. He would then meet “Boss” at Tagore
Lane where “Boss” would collect the items from his car. He had never checked
the items put in his car. Zulkarnain would be paid $200 to $300 for each job,
and a further $500 for the car rental charges. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AB429, paras 29-30.

(b) In terms of communication devices, “Boss” would give handphones to him.
Sometime after he began helping “Boss”, “Boss” started giving him two
handphones, instead of one handphone. One handphone was meant for
communications with “Boss”, while the other was meant for communications with
the other people related to the deals. He had “thrown away handphones about 3
to 4 times”. Earlier in November 2013, “Boss” gave him the blue Nokia
handphone, along with a black Nokia handphone (marked as “ZK-HP4”), as well as
the walkie-talkie. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AB429, para 29.

22 In the eighth long statement recorded on 4 December 2013, the following
details were furnished:

(a) When shown a photograph of Rizwan, he confirmed that Rizwan was “Boss”.
Zulkarnain was also able to recognise “Boss’s” voice. On 20 November 2013,
Zulkarnain saw “Boss” in his car when it was parked at Chin Bee Drive. He
recognised “[Boss’s] black and tinted Mitsubishi”. He has never seen anyone
else drive it other than “Boss”. He also recognised “Boss” because of “his big
body and short hair”. Zulkarnain also knew that “Boss” was at the scene on 20
November 2013 because “Boss” spoke to him using the walkie-talkie, and he
could recognise the voice of “Boss”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AB442, paras 41.

(b) Saved within the blue Nokia handphone was a contact named “Batman” with
the number 9059 6581. This was the number of “Boss”, and Zulkarnain called
“Boss” using the number. Apart from Batman’s number, Zulkarnain also
identified the phone numbers 8401 7309 and 9051 9541 as the mobile phone
numbers of “Boss”, who would use these numbers to call him. “Boss” was the
only one who would contact Zulkarnain using the blue Nokia handphone, and he
would only contact “Boss” using this handphone. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AB442, paras 42.

23 In the second long statement recorded on 24 November 2013, Zulkarnain
stated that on previous occasions, “Boss” told him there was “nothing
dangerous” about the merchandise. “Boss” knew he would not ask much because he
needed the money. Then, he admitted that “[he] guessed that this job [was]
illegal, because if not, [he] would not be doing it in the middle of the night
and using walkie-talkie like a secret agent.” He thought the job might involve
“drugs, cigarettes or improvised items” – being Starhub modems. He wanted to
stop, but decided to do the job one last time – the drug transaction – because
he was “desperate for money”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AB421, para 14.

Communications records

24 Following Zulkarnain’s arrest, a black walkie-talkie was found in his
possession. A number of handphones were also seized from Zulkarnain, including
the blue Nokia handphone (with the number 9083 7584). The blue Nokia handphone
was sent to the CNB’s Forensic Response Team for forensic examination. From
the examination report 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AB107-113.

, there were messages and calls between Zulkarnain and the number 9059 6581
saved as “Batman”, as well as calls between the number used by Zulkarnain and
the number 8401 7309 (which Zulkarnain stated was another of “Boss’s”
numbers). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AB442, paras 42.

I reproduce the relevant messages and calls extracted on 20 November 2013
below:

SMS Text Message

S/N| From| To| Message| Date/Time  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| Batman| ZK-HP3| Semua hp tutup semua k.. 10 min saya sampai(Translation:
All hp turn off/close all k.. 10min I reach 17

##### Foot Note 17

× AB115. )| 20/11/20139:24:35 pm  
2| ZK-HP3| Batman| K| 20/11/201321:25:25  
3| ZK-HP3| Batman| Bos dah sampai(Translation: Boss has reached)|
21/11/201300:39:07  
  
Call Records

S/N| From| To| Date/Time| Duration  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| Batman| ZK-HP3| 20/11/201317:03:37| 16 seconds  
2| Batman| ZK-HP3| 20/11/201319:44:34| 27 seconds  
3| ZK-HP3| 8401 7309| 20/11/201320:45:05| -  
4| ZK-HP3| 8401 7309| 20/11/201320:45:19| -  
5| Batman| ZK-HP3| 20/11/201320:53:52| 27 seconds  
6| Batman| ZK-HP3| 20/11/201321:19:54| 50 seconds  
  
25 Call records from Zulkarnain’s handphone number, and the two handphone
numbers identified as belonging to “Boss”, being 8401 7309 and 9059 6581, were
also retrieved from Singapore Telecommunications Ltd (“Singtel”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AB147-152, Exh P273 and AB135-146 respectively.

These phone records revealed that there were various calls and messages
between Zulkarnain and the numbers dating back to 31 October 2013.

Evidence against Saminathan

26 With that, I turn to the evidence adduced by the Prosecution against
Saminathan.

Statement of Saminathan

27 One long statement recorded by W/Insp Ng from Saminathan under s 22 of the
CPC on 28 March 2014 was admitted into evidence without objections from
Saminathan. In it, Saminathan said that he worked as a driver for a company
known as MKG Logistics. He would deliver consignments from Malaysia into
Singapore. In the course of his work, he has been to Shipyard Crescent near
Pioneer Road. Save for one occasion, he drove the same lorry and trailer. He
said that the lorry (not the trailer) had the registration number WER2508. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AB451, para 15.

Entry and exit records

28 The Prosecution also tendered documentary evidence from the ICA, concerning
the entry and exit records of Saminathan, as well as the Trailer, which showed
that:

(a) On 20 November 2013, Saminathan entered and left Singapore twice using his
passport with the number A28724303. The first entry was at 8.24am, with the
exit at 10.32am. More significantly, there was a second entry at 6.40pm, with
the exit at 10.18pm from the Tuas Checkpoint. I shall refer to these as “the
travel movement records”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AB474.

(b) The vehicle records showed that for the entry at 6.40pm and the exit at
10.18pm, Saminathan was the Trailer’s only occupant, ie, the driver. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AB475.

(c) For the entry at 6.40pm, an image of a duly completed disembarkation card
(“the disembarkation card”) was produced. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Exh P278, p 3.

This document contained Saminathan’s name and signature, vehicle registration
number “WER2508”, and stated the address in Singapore to be “SHIPYArD Rd”.

(d) For the exit at 10.18pm, an image of Saminathan’s passport (duly captured
for the exit) was produced. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Exh P278, p 4

29 Through the entry and exit records, the Prosecution sought to show that
Saminathan was in Singapore from 6.40pm to 10.18pm, and was the driver of the
Trailer who had transferred the bundles from the Trailer into Zulkarnain’s car
on 20 November 2013, and who had then left in the Trailer for Malaysia.

Evidence of ICA officer

30 ICA officer SSgt Goh Cheow Siang (“SSgt Goh”) gave evidence that he was the
officer on duty at Tuas Checkpoint who processed the exit of the Trailer on
the night of 20 November 2013. He explained the verification protocol that he
applied, including his observation of distinguishing features that he would
have noticed while inspecting Saminathan’s passport photo. There was nothing
for him to suspect that Saminathan was not the person who presented
Saminathan’s passport when the Trailer exited Singapore. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Notes of Evidence (“NEs”), 13 September 2016, p 56 lines 21 to 31 and p 57
lines 4 to 6.

Evidence from Saminathan’s former employer

31 A statement of Saminathan’s former employer, Mr Murugan a/l Silvarajoo
(“Murugan”) was admitted by consent under s 32(1)(k) of the Evidence Act (Cap
97, 1997 Rev Ed). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Exh P274.

According to Murugan, the Trailer had been assigned to Saminathan since he
started working for MKG Logistics. Each driver would be assigned a specific
trailer, could park his assigned trailer near his home, and would have to take
care of it. Likewise, Saminathan was given exclusive possession of the
Trailer. On 20 November 2013, Saminathan was only instructed to make one
delivery of mineral water from Malaysia to Chin Bee Drive in Singapore in the
morning. Then, on 21 November 2013, when Murugan contacted Saminathan for a
fresh delivery, he found out that Saminathan had gone back to his hometown.
Murugan scolded him for taking leave without informing him, and without
returning the keys to the Trailer. In fact, Saminathan missed work from then
until 27 November 2013. During that period, Saminathan had the keys to the
Trailer with him.

DNA analysis

32 Finally, HSA analysis revealed that Saminathan’s DNA was found on two of
the 35 bundles containing the drugs, namely bundles “A1A9” and “B1A6”. The
analyst from HSA, Ms Tang Sheau Wei June (“Ms Tang”), gave evidence as
follows:

(a) Saminathan’s DNA was found on “AREA 1” and “AREA 4” of bundle B1A6. “AREA
1” was the exterior surface area of the taped bundle. “AREA 4” was the total
surface area of the non-adhesive side of the black tapes, which were laid out
after the taped bundle was dismantled; 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NEs, 7 September 2016, page 25 lines 1-9.

and

(b) For bundle A1A9, Saminathan’s DNA was found on “AREA 4”, but not “AREA-1”.
Again, “AREA-4” was the total surface area of the non-adhesive side of the
black tapes, which were laid out after dismantling the tapes of the bundle,
while “AREA-1” was the exterior surface area of the taped bundle. Ms Tang
testified that “since there were no DNA obtained from AREA 1, [it was] most
likely that the DNA [in respect of AREA 4] would have been on the areas that
were covered by the tapes”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NEs, 7 September 2016, page 50 lines 22-23

Close of the Prosecution’s case

33 At the close of the Prosecution’s case, I found that there was sufficient
evidence against each of the accused persons and called upon them to give
evidence in their own defence.

Zulkarnain’s defence

34 Zulkarnain’s evidence was consistent with the contents of the statements,
as summarised at [19]—[23] above. He did not seriously dispute that he was in
possession of the 35 bundles containing the drugs. Consistent with his
position in the statements, he claimed that he did not know that the drugs
were diamorphine, save that they could be illegal items, including drugs.

Rizwan’s defence

35 Rizwan denied any involvement in the drug transaction. He claimed that he
was not the driver of the black Mitsubishi. According to him, he had loaned
his car to one “Uncle”, who was a male Malay whom he had known since September
2013, on 20 November 2013, for $300. He had lent “Uncle” his car before, and
was told by “Uncle” that he needed it for personal reasons. To hand over the
car, Rizwan would leave his car key in a pouch in the car, and leave the car
unlocked.

36 That night, Rizwan left his home at about 9pm because “Uncle” told him that
something had happened to his car earlier that evening and instructed Rizwan
to leave his home. Rizwan took a taxi to Boat Quay, and arrived there at about
10pm where he met some friends, including one Khairul Famy bin Mohd Samsudin
(“Khairul”).

37 He stayed at Boat Quay until about 3am to 4am, when he learned from “Uncle”
that his car was involved in a drug case. On “Uncle’s” further instructions,
Rizwan went to stay in a flat in Yishun for two nights. Then, he left
Singapore for Malaysia. He did so by hiding in the boot of a car because he
did not have his passport with him. In doing all these, he was merely
following “Uncle’s” instructions. He felt betrayed by “Uncle” as he had
trusted him.

38 As for Zulkarnain’s evidence against Rizwan, his defence was that
Zulkarnain was lying when he implicated Rizwan. Zulkarnain had associated
Rizwan with the black Mitsubishi because Zulkarnain had seen Rizwan with that
car on previous occasions at Boat Quay. To support his defence that he was not
at the scene at the time of the drug transaction, Rizwan called Khairul as a
witness.

39 At this juncture, I should add that the Prosecution introduced three long
statements recorded by W/Insp Ng under s 22 of the CPC for the purpose of
cross-examining Rizwan on inconsistencies between his testimony and those
statements. Rizwan did not object to the admissibility of these statements,
and these were admitted into evidence accordingly for cross-examination by the
Prosecution. I will deal with this in [74] below.

Saminathan’s defence

40 Saminathan said that on the morning of 20 November 2013, he drove the
Trailer into Singapore to deliver a consignment of mineral water at Chin Bee
Drive. After that, he went back to his mother’s home in Tampin, Negeri
Sembilan. Before doing so, he left the Trailer at the office, and returned the
keys to the Trailer.

41 Usually, after completing his assigned delivery, he would park the Trailer
at the office of MKG Logistics, and would return the keys of the Trailer to
Murugan, Murugan’s wife or to the office. He did not have permission to take
the Trailer with him elsewhere. Once or twice, Saminathan might have forgotten
to return the keys of the Trailer. However, the boss, Murugan, had a spare
key. He had never kept the Trailer with him after a job before.

42 Saminathan claimed that he was not the person who drove the Trailer into
Singapore that night, or the person involved in the drug transaction. When he
did not have any work to do, he would place his passport in the Trailer. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NEs, 21 September 2016, p 38, lines 8-17

With regards to the disembarkation card, he explained that it was his practice
to leave “a few white cards with [his] details”, pre-filled and pre-signed, in
the Trailer. He would only leave the portion stating “Address in Singapore”
blank, and would fill this portion up when he needed to make a delivery based
on the delivery address. Therefore, in respect of the disembarkation card,
Saminathan disputed that the words “SHIPYArD RD” under the section “Address in
Singapore” were written by him. However, he agreed that the rest of the
details in the disembarkation card were pre-filled by him, and that he signed
it. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NEs, 21 September 2016, p 37, lines 11-30, and p 38, lines 1-4.

According to Saminathan, someone else could have used his passport, the
disembarkation card and the Trailer to enter Singapore, and to carry out the
drug transaction.

43 I should add that the Prosecution introduced a long statement recorded from
Saminathan on 31 March 2014 by W/Insp Ng under s 22 of the CPC, so as to
cross-examine Saminathan on the inconsistencies between the contents of this
statement and his testimony. I will return to this from [102] onwards.

Handwriting experts

44 As Saminathan claimed that he did not write the words “SHIPYArD RD” on the
disembarkation card, the Prosecution applied to call a handwriting expert, Dr
Nellie Cheng (“Dr Cheng”) from the HSA, as a rebuttal witness to test
Saminathan’s claim. I allowed the Prosecution’s application. Subsequently, to
respond to Dr Cheng’s opinion, Saminathan also applied to call a handwriting
expert, Mr Pang Chan Kok William (“Mr Pang”), which I also allowed.

45 In Dr Cheng’s first report dated 23 September 2016, she concluded that the
possibility that Saminathan was the writer of “SHIPYArD RD” in the
disembarkation card in question “cannot be ruled out”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Exh D3-3.

In response, , Mr Pang, in his first report of 11 January 2017, did not render
any conclusion on the writer of the phrase, explaining that there was
“insufficient quantity” and that “the questioned and collected handwriting
specimen” were of “poor quality”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Exh D3-1.

Given Mr Pang’s views, further handwriting specimens were collected from
Saminathan, and furnished to both experts for consideration. Both experts then
furnished a second report each.

46 Thereafter, in her second report dated 28 February 2017, Dr Cheng
maintained her view that the possibility that Saminathan was the writer of
“SHIPYArD RD” cannot be ruled out. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Exh P289.

Under rigorous cross-examination by Saminathan’s counsel, Dr Cheng explained
and defended her position. Meanwhile, in Mr Pang, in his second report dated
25 August 2017, came to the finding that Saminathan was not the writer of the
words “SHIPYArD RD”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Exh D3-2.

However, in court, Mr Pang retracted this position by stating that he wished
to expunge the relevant paragraph, being paragraph 6, of the second report. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NEs, 6 September 2017, lines 1-23.

Decision on conviction

47 With that, I proceed to state the law applicable to the charge against each
of the accused persons, to analyse the relevant evidence and to state my
findings.

Zulkarnain

Overview

48 Zulkarnain was charged with having the drugs in his possession for the
purpose of trafficking, an offence pursuant to s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of
the MDA. Section 5 of the MDA provides:

Trafficking in controlled drugs

5. – (1) Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a person, on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person, whether or not that other person is in Singapore – 

(a) to traffic in a controlled drug;

…

(2) For the purpose of this Act, a person commits an offence for trafficking
in a controlled drug if he has in his possession that drug for the purpose of
trafficking.

49 The elements for such an offence are (a) possession of a controlled drug,
which may be proved or presumed pursuant to s 18(1), or deemed pursuant to s
18(4) of the MDA; (b) knowledge of the nature of the drug, which may be proved
or presumed pursuant to s 18(2) of the MDA; and (c) proof that possession of
the drug was for the purpose of trafficking which was not authorised (Muhammad
Ridzuan bin Md Ali v Public Prosecutor [2014] 3 SLR 721 (“Ridzuan”) at [59]).
In this connection, s 18 of the MDA provides:

Presumption of possession of knowledge of controlled drugs

18. – (1) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody or under his control – 

(a) anything containing a controlled drug;

…

shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have had that drug in his
possession.

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

…

(4) Where one of 2 or more persons with the knowledge and consent of the rest
has any controlled drug in his possession, it shall be deemed to be in the
possession of each and all of them.

50 Turning to the parties’ position, Zulkarnain did not dispute that he was in
possession of the drugs. In any case, it was clear that he was in possession
of the two red plastic bags with the 35 bundles which contained the drugs, and
would be presumed by s 18(1) of the MDA to be in possession of the drugs.
Further, Zulkarnain did not dispute that he was in possession of the drugs for
the purpose of trafficking. By Zulkarnian’s account, he was meant to deliver
the drugs to Rizwan. Under s 2 of the MDA, “traffic” is defined to include
“sell”, “send”, “transport” and “deliver”. Thus, the main dispute between the
parties was as to the mens rea of the charge ie, whether Zulkarnain had
knowledge of the nature of the drugs, and it is to this question that I turn.

Whether Zulkarnain had knowledge of the nature of the drugs

51 As it was proved or presumed that Zulkarnain had possession of the drugs
pursuant to s 18(1), s 18(2) of the MDA was triggered such that Zulkarnain was
presumed to have knowledge of the nature of the drugs in his possession.

52 In order for an accused person to rebut the presumption of knowledge, he
has to prove on a balance of probabilities that he did not know the nature of
the drug or could not reasonably be expected to have known of the same
(Ridzuan at [75]). In assessing whether the presumption is rebutted, in Obeng
Comfort v Public Prosecutor [2017] 1 SLR 633, the Court of Appeal stated at
[37] that:

[t]he court assesses the accused’s evidence as to his subjective knowledge by
comparing it with what an ordinary, reasonable person would have known or done
if placed in the same situation that the accused was in. If such an ordinary,
reasonable person would surely have known or taken steps to establish the
nature of the drug in question, the accused would have to adduce evidence to
persuade the court that nevertheless he, for reasons special to himself or to
his situation, did not have such knowledge or did not take such steps. It
would then be for the court to assess the credibility of the accused’s account
on a balance of probabilities.

53 Having considered Zulkarnain’s evidence, I agreed with the Prosecution that
he had failed to rebut the presumption of knowledge. In his statements to the
CNB, Zulkarnain admitted that all along, he had suspected that the items he
was collecting for Rizwan were illegal items which might be drugs. In his
second long statement set out above at [23] above, he also admitted that “if
not, I would not be doing it in the middle of the night and using walkie-
talkie like a secret agent”. Under cross-examination by the Prosecution,
again, Zulkarnain admitted that the items he was collecting for Rizwan might
actually be drugs. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NEs, 16 September 2016, p 35 lines 7-14.

54 The drug transaction was not the first time Zulkarnain had collected and
delivered items for Rizwan. He admitted that he had worked for Rizwan on
previous occasions, although he said it was about three to five times (see
[20(d)] above) or six times (see [21(a)] above). Despite his suspicion of the
contents of the items, not once did he inspect the them. In the fourth long
statement recorded on 25 November 2013 at 7.48pm, Zulkarnain explained that he
did not do so because checking would mean that he was betraying Rizwan’s trust
in him. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AB429, para 30.

During cross-examination by the Prosecution, he said that he wanted to inspect
the contents, but that every time he collected the items, Rizwan was there,
and he could not do so. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NEs, 16 September 2016, p 35 lines 25-28.

I found these to be mere excuses. In all these instances, Zulkarnain collected
the items at a specified location, and then drove to another location where
Rizwan would collect the items. On all those occasions, he had every
opportunity to check the contents of the items but he chose not to do so. In
fact, further along in the cross-examination by the Prosecution, Zulkarnain
conceded he was not keen to inspect the items. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NEs, 16 September 2016, p 35 lines 29-31.

55 When cross-examined by the Prosecution, Zulkarnain denied that he knew that
the items would be heroin, the street name for diamorphine, because Rizwan
told him the items were not dangerous, and because he trusted Rizwan. He said
it did not occur to him what type of drugs were involved, but he did not
clarify the issue with Rizwan at all. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NEs, 16 September 2016, p 35 lines 15-24.

As set out above at [23], in the second long statement recorded on 24 November
2013, Rizwan knew he would not ask many questions, as he needed the money. In
cross-examination, Zulkarnain also conceded that there was no good reason to
trust Rizwan when Rizwan said that items were not dangerous. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NEs, 16 September 2016, p 37 lines 15-26 and p 39 lines 1-8.

He agreed that he was willing to do the job “because [he] needed the money”.
41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NEs, 16 September 2016, p 33 line 22.

56 Given the suspicious circumstances surrounding the work he was doing for
Rizwan, and his suspicion that the items might be drugs, an ordinary
reasonable person in Zulkarnain’s position would have taken steps to establish
the nature of the items he was collecting for Rizwan and the nature of the
drug in question. Zulkarnain did nothing of that sort. It was not sufficient
for him to merely assert that he did not know that the drugs were diamorphine.
I found that Zulkarnain had failed to rebut the presumption under s 18(2) of
the MDA that he knew the nature of the drugs i.e, that the drugs were
diamorphine.

Conclusion

57 By the foregoing, I found that the Prosecution had proved the charge
against Zulkarnain beyond a reasonable doubt. I found him guilty and convicted
him of the charge.

Rizwan

Overview

58 Rizwan was charged with abetment by instigating Zulkarnain to be in
possession of the drugs for the purpose of trafficking, an offence under s
5(1) read with s 5(2), as well as s 12 of the MDA.

59 Section 12 of the MDA provides:

Abetments and attempts punishable as offences

12. Any person who abets the commission of or who attempts to commit or does any act preparatory to, or in furtherance of, the commission of any offence under this Act shall be guilty of that offence and shall be liable on conviction to the punishment provided for that offence.

60 In Chan Heng Kong and another v Public Prosecutor [2012] SGCA 18, at
[33]-[34], the Court of Appeal observed that although the meaning of abetment
is not defined in the MDA, the word “abet” in s 12 of the MDA should have the
same meaning as that word in s 107 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed).
Therefore, abetment would include “instigation, conspiracy, and aiding”. To
prove the actus reus of abetment by instigation, “there has to be “active
suggestion, support, stimulation or encouragement” of the primary offence”.

61 Turning to the mens rea of the offence, the Court of Appeal held, in Koh
Peng Kiat v Public Prosecutor [2016] 1 SLR 743, that for an abettor to be
guilty of abetment by intentional aiding, the abettor must have had knowledge
of “the essential matters constituting the primary offence”: see [22]-[23] and
[26]-[27]. For the primary offence of the trafficking of drugs, knowledge of
the nature of the drugs in question is a critical component. Thus, the mens
rea would require proof that the abettor had knowledge of the nature of the
drugs in question.

62 Further, in Ali bin Mohamad Bahashwan v Public Prosecutor and other appeals
[2018] 1 SLR 610 at [75]-[78], the Court of Appeal held that where the abettor
is alleged to be abetting another to traffic drugs to himself, ie, he is the
intended recipient, there is an additional mens rea element to be proved. The
element is that the abettor is required to have himself intended to traffic in
the offending drugs. The drugs should not be for his own consumption.

63 I now set out the parties’ arguments. The Prosecution contended that it was
Rizwan who instigated Zulkarnain to carry out the drug transaction. In this
connection, it was submitted that full weight should be given to Zulkarnain’s
evidence against Rizwan. In contrast, Rizwan’s evidence was untruthful, and
his actions were indicative of his guilt. Further, the Prosecution submitted
that Rizwan knew of the circumstances of the crime, including the nature of
the drugs. The Prosecution pointed out that Rizwan did not raise the defence
of consumption. Given the sheer amount of diamorphine involved, the
irresistible inference was that Rizwan intended to traffic in the drugs.

64 Turning to Rizwan’s case, he denied that he was “Boss”, and that he was
involved in the drug transaction. He also alleged that Zulkarnain was not a
truthful witness. Specifically, Rizwan argued that Zulkarnain falsely
implicated Rizwan, and he had the incentive to do so. According to Rizwan,
Zulkarnain might have pointed to Rizwan as “Boss” because he had seen the
black Mitsubishi at Boat Quay before, and knew that it belonged to Rizwan.
Thus, Zulkarnain’s evidence was not reliable. Further, there was no other
evidence to corroborate Zulkarnain’s account.

Whether Rizwan abetted by instigating Zulkarnain to carry out the drug
transaction

65 To prove Rizwan’s role in the drug transaction, the Prosecution relied
heavily on Zulkarnain’s evidence. At the outset, I should state that I was
mindful that I did not accept Zulkarnain’s bare assertion that he did not know
that the drugs were diamorphine, and found that he had failed to rebut the
presumption of knowledge of the drugs which operated against him. Despite
this, it was clear that I was not precluded from giving weight to any other
aspects of his evidence, including his evidence against Rizwan. It remained
for me to carefully assess the reliability of such evidence, and what weight,
if any, to accord to it. Having evaluated Zulkarnain’s evidence, I found that
Zulkarnain’s evidence on Rizwan’s role in the drug transaction was cogent,
coherent and consistent, and was supported by the other evidence.

66 I elaborate. In the first contemporaneous statement recorded on 20 November
2013 at 11.26pm, Zulkarnain stated that “bos” was to meet him at Chin Bee to
“pick-up stuffs”, being “something illegal”, and then to drive off to “Tagore
area” to meet up with “bos”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AB310.

When a number of photographs were presented to him in course of the recording
the first long statement on 21 November 2013, at 7.08pm, he clearly identified
Rizwan as “Boss”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AB417, para 8.

Then, Zulkarnain confirmed Rizwan as “Boss” in the eighth long statement
recorded on 4 December 2013, when specifically shown a photograph of “Rizwan”.
44

##### Foot Note 44

×

AB442, para 41.

At trial, he did not waver from this position. In other words, Zulkarnain
identified Rizwan from the outset, and had been consistent on this point.

67 I should add that during cross-examination, Zulkarnain was asked whether he
was mistaken about the person who gave him his instructions. Zulkarnain
refuted this. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NEs, 16 September 2016, p 12 lines 21-31 and page 21 lines 27 and 22 line 1.

I noted that this was not raised in the closing submissions. Instead, the
argument shifted to the possibility of Zulkarnain falsely implicating Rizwan.
In any case, I considered the question whether Zulkarnain was mistaken about
the identity of “Boss”. As I shall discuss later, I accepted that there were
previous dealings between the parties, and Zulkarnain had met Rizwan in person
various times before. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NEs, 16 September 2016 p 10 lines 4-10 and p 26 lines 17-30.

In any event, even Rizwan did not dispute that Zulkarnain had met him before,
and would be able to recognise him. However, Rizwan’s contention was that
Rizwan frequented Boat Quay, and Zulkarnain, being a bouncer at one of the
clubs there, would recognise him. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NEs, 16 September 2016, p 66 line 30 to p 68 line 26.

It was far-fetched to suggest that Zulkarnain could have been mistaken about
the identity of “Boss”.

68 Moving away from the identification issue, as described above, in the
various long statements, Zulkarnain was forthcoming in providing details of
the previous dealings, of between three to six occasions, even though he
implicated himself in the process. In particular, Zulkarnain described taking
instructions from “Boss”, and the modus operandi involved in the dealings. He
narrated how he would be given instructions to collect the items, and then to
deliver them to “Boss” at a separate location. He also gave details on the
modes of communications between them, the use of rental cars and the payments
involved. Again, his account remained consistent throughout the statements to
the trial.

69 On the material aspects of the drug transaction, Zulkarnain’s version was
supported by the external evidence as follows:

(a) First, Zulkarnain stated that “Boss” gave him two handphones to work with.
One of the handphones would be used solely for “Boss” to contact him, and the
second handphone was for him to use to convey messages from “Boss” to his
contacts in that phone. He provided the contact numbers of “Boss”. Zulkarnain
also stated that “Boss” gave him a walkie-talkie in early November 2013 for
him to communicate with “Boss” when they were near. On the night of 20
November 2013, he used the blue Nokia handphone to communicate with “Boss”, as
well as the walkie-talkie. Indeed, when Zulkarnain was arrested, a walkie-
talkie and two handphones were seized from him. The phone records extracted
from the blue Nokia handphone seized from him showed communications with the
numbers identified to be those of “Boss” on 20 November 2013: see [21], [22]
and [24] above.

(b) Second, a text message sent at 9.24pm to Zulkarnain which was forensically
extracted from the blue Nokia handphone instructed Zulkarnain to switch off
all his handphones as “Boss” would be arriving in 10 minutes: see [24] above.
Shortly after this message was sent, the black Mitsubishi was observed
arriving at the scene, and parking in front of Zulkarnain’s car at the scene
at about 9.55pm. This was consistent with Zulkarnain’s account of the drug
transaction.

(c) Third, as mentioned at [11] above, the black Mitsubishi was registered
under Rizwan’s name at the material time.

(d) Fourth, Zulkarnain then described how he was given instructions to drive
ahead of the Trailer with the blinking lights, and to await the delivery. His
description of the movements of the two cars were indeed observed by the CNB
officers.

70 At this juncture, I should add that I also considered if Zulkarnain could
have been mistaken about the person who gave him the instructions on that
night itself. From Singtel’s records, even prior to 20 November 2013, there
were phone calls between Zulkarnain and “Boss”: see [25] above. To arrange for
the drug transaction, “Boss” and Zulkarnain communicated various times that
night. In such circumstances, I accepted the evidence that Zulkarnain was able
to identify Rizwan’s voice over the phone and over the walkie-talkie. Clearly,
Zulkarnain was familiar with Rizwan’s voice. Any suggestion that on 20
November 2013, Zulkarnain could have wrongly identified Rizwan as “Boss” was
untenable.

71 Having analysed Zulkarnain’s evidence, I was of the view that he had
provided a reliable account of the dealings with Rizwan, and the instructions
given by Rizwan for the drug transaction on 20 November 2013. Such aspects of
his evidence were not shaken by the cross-examination. With that, I turn to
evaluate Rizwan’s version. Having considered Rizwan’s account, I rejected it
for these reasons.

72 First, Rizwan’s account itself was unbelievable. Rizwan testified that he
only met “Uncle” in September 2013, a mere two months before the drug
transaction and he was not close to “Uncle”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NEs, 20 September 2016, p 35 lines 29-31 and p 36 lines 1-14.

Indeed, he was unable to provide details of “Uncle”. Rizwan also testified
that he had done work for “Uncle” whereby he kept a lookout for “Uncle” at
Defu Lane. This made him suspect that “Uncle” was involved in illegal
activities. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NEs, 20 September 2016, p 65 line 15 to p 66 line 19.

As such, there was no reason for Rizwan to trust “Uncle”. When he purportedly
learned that something had happened to his car and that his car was involved
in a drug case, the logical thing to do would be for Rizwan to inform the
authorities of this, and to find out more about it. Instead, Rizwan complied
with “Uncle’s” instructions to the letter, stayed at a flat in Yishun for two
nights, then left his family at home so as to leave Singapore. The account
simply did not make sense.

73 Second, Rizwan’s narrative was contradicted by the other evidence. Rizwan
testified that he left his residence on 20 November 2013 following “Uncle’s”
instructions when he was informed that “something happened” to his car, the
black Mitsubishi. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NEs, 20 September 2016, p 10 lines 14-19.

The CCTV footage at his residence showed him leaving his residence at 9.20pm:
see [10] above. However, the CNB officers only observed the black Mitsubishi
at Quality Road at about 9.55pm. Then, the CNB officers observed the drug
transaction at about 10pm. In other words, these events occurred only after
Rizwan had left his residence. I did not see any reason to reject the CNB
officers’ evidence on such aspects. As such, Rizwan’s account of “Uncle”
informing him prior to 9.20pm to leave his home so as to avoid detection
because “something happened” to his car was seriously undermined.

74 Third, I found that Rizwan had been inconsistent in accounting for his
movements on 20 November 2013 and the days after that. In the long statement
recorded on 30 November 2013 which was used by the Prosecution to cross-
examine Rizwan, Rizwan stated that he could not recall what he did on 20
November 2013, or the three days after that. In particular, he stated that he
could not recall what he did on 20 November 2013 because he had taken some
medication he obtained from the clinic he visited earlier in the day. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Exh P279 at para 18 and 19.

However, in court, Rizwan was able to give detailed evidence on what he did on
the evening of 20 November 2013, namely that he went to Boat Quay till about
4am the following day. Then, he also recalled how he was then instructed by
“Uncle” to stay at a person’s flat in Yishun for a couple of nights before
being instructed to flee the jurisdiction. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE, 20 September 2016 pp 2-23.

When asked by the Prosecution to explain such discrepancies, Rizwan merely
stated that he was still in shock after his arrest when he voluntarily gave
the statements. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NEs, 20 September 2016, p 61 line 31 to p 62 line 2.

I did not find this to be a satisfactory explanation.

75 Fourth, Rizwan’s conduct of surreptitiously fleeing Singapore also pointed
towards his guilt. More shall be said of this from [83] onwards. For now, I
wish to deal with his claim that he hid in the boot of a car because he did
not have his passport with him. In cross-examination, it was pointed out to
Rizwan that when he entered Malaysia on 25 November 2013, there was a stamp in
his passport, and that his passport was with him when he was arrested.
Confronted with such evidence, Rizwan conceded that his passport was in the
car which he used to enter into Malaysia. However, he then tried to explain
that he was only told of this after the car had crossed over to Malaysia. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NEs, 20 September 2016, p 49, lines 9-19.

I agreed with the Prosecution that Rizwan did not use his passport to leave
Singapore because he feared detection and arrest, and this pointed towards his
guilt.

76 Based on the above, I found that Rizwan was not a truthful witness, and
rejected his account of what transpired on 20 November 2013, including his
version of lending the black Mitsubishi to “Uncle”. Turning specifically to
his alibi defence, it was not supported by the evidence. As discussed above,
Rizwan did not mention in the long statement recorded on 30 November 2013 that
he was at Boat Quay at the material time. Instead, he stated that he “cannot
remember” what took place on 20 and 21 November 2013. Further, Rizwan’s
witness, Khairul, was unable to give evidence on the exact date and time when
he met Rizwan at Boat Quay. He said that it could be on 20 November 2013 or
before or after that date. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NEs, 21 September 2016, p 9 lines 2-7 and p 17 lines 16-30.

As such, Khairul’s evidence was not at all helpful, and did not further
Rizwan’s alibi defence at all.

77 For completeness, I now deal with the argument that Zulkarnain had every
motive to implicate someone else regardless of the truth of it just so that he
can receive the certificate of substantive assistance from the PP. Zulkarnain
pointed to Rizwan because he recognised the black Mitsubishi as Rizwan’s car.
In this regard, I noted that in cross-examination, Zulkarnain was not
confronted with the allegation that he lied to implicate Rizwan. This belated
allegation that Zulkarnain lied only arose in the course of Rizwan’s evidence
in court, which was then pursued in the closing submissions. In any case,
there was really no reason why Zulkarnain would frame Rizwan, instead of
naming the real “Boss”. As I observed, Zulkarnain identified Rizwan from the
very next day after the drug transaction when shown a number of photographs.
In light of all of the above, I dismissed Rizwan’s defence.

78 As detailed by Zulkarnain, Rizwan recruited Zulkarnain for the drug
transaction, and gave Zulkarnain specific instructions on where and how to
collect the drugs. In my view, such acts sufficed as “active suggestion,
support, stimulation or encouragement” of the primary offence – so as to
constitute the actus reus of abetment by instigation.

Whether Rizwan possessed the requisite mens rea for abetment

79 Turning to the mens rea, I found that Rizwan had knowledge of the
circumstances constituting the crime, particularly knowledge of the nature of
the drugs in question. I also found that Rizwan intended to traffic in the
drugs, and did not mean to consume them.

80 From the above discussion, it was clear that Rizwan knew that Zulkarnain
would be taking possession of the 35 black-taped bundles, and had intended
that Zulkarnain would be delivering them to him thereafter at a different
location. Therefore, the two ingredients of the crime committed by Zulkarnain
– possession of the drugs, and possession for the purpose of trafficking –
were known to Rizwan.

81 On the question whether Rizwan knew of the nature of the drugs, the
evidence showed that Rizwan had recruited Zulkarnain into the scheme as
someone who could be trusted, and had carefully devised an elaborate system
for Zulkarnain to carry out the jobs on the previous occasions, and also for
the drug transaction in question. This included equipping Zulkarnain with the
communication devices, and instructing Zulkarnain how to carry out the jobs.
Rizwan’s substantial role in the drug deals, which included recruitment,
control and co-ordination, indicated that he should know precisely what type
of drugs he was involved with.

82 For the drug transaction, Rizwan called Zulkarnain numerous times on 20
November 2013 to get him to do the job. Thereafter, Rizwan controlled
Zulkarnain’s actions and whereabouts. He maintained constant communication
with Zulkarnain throughout, and was present so as to oversee the drug
transaction. The 35 bundles which Zulkarnain collected on Rizwan’s
instructions contained not less than 301.6 grams of diamorphine. This was a
substantial quantity of drugs, and 20 times of the weight of 15 grams of
diamorphine which would attract the death penalty. The drugs were highly
valuable. By his careful actions to ensure the successful receipt of the 35
bundles by Zulkarnain, Rizwan revealed that he knew the value of the drugs.

83 Further, Rizwan took numerous steps to evade detection and arrest in
relation to the drug transaction. Rizwan acted in a clandestine fashion. He
required Zulkarnain to switch off all his handphones and to communicate using
a walkie-talkie. Then, he planned for Zulkarnain to separately collect the
consignment and then to pass him the items collected subsequently. When
Rizwan’s car was tailed by the CNB officers, he made a sudden U-turn and sped
off. Soon after, he left Singapore illegally by hiding in a car boot. From
Rizwan’s conduct, it was evident that he knew that the drug transaction was
highly illegal, and that he would suffer severe punishment if apprehended.

84 Given the substantial role Rizwan played in the drug deals, his
appreciation of the value of the drugs and of the highly illegal nature of the
drug transaction, the irresistible inference was that Rizwan knew that the 35
bundles Zulkarnain collected for him contained diamorphine. In any event, as
submitted by the Prosecution, I found that s 18(4) of the MDA was applicable,
such that Rizwan was deemed to be in joint possession of the drugs with
Zulkarnain. In turn, the presumption of knowledge within s 18(2) of the MDA
was operative, and this had not been successfully rebutted by Rizwan.

85 I have set out s 18(4) of the MDA above at [49]. An accused is deemed to be
in possession of a drug with another if the latter was in possession of the
said drug with the “knowledge and consent” of the accused. This would be a
question of fact. The accused has to exercise some measure of control over the
drugs being deemed to be in his or her possession, and “control” here refers
to the accused’s power or authority over the drugs in question and not
physical control: Muhammad Ridzuan bin Md Ali v Public Prosecutor and other
matters [2014] 3 SLR 721 at [62] to [65] and [68].

86 Based on my findings above, Rizwan was clearly aware that Zulkarnain was in
possession of the drugs at the material time, since Zulkarnain had acted on
his instructions to collect the drugs (see [80] to [83] above). Rizwan’s
control over Zulkarnain’s conduct before, during and after the drug
transaction was clear. As such, Rizwan knew and consented to Zulkarnain being
in possession of the drug bundles. It followed that Rizwan should be deemed to
be in joint possession of the drugs.

87 Consequently, s 18(2) of the MDA would apply and Rizwan was presumed to
know the nature of the drugs which Zulkarnain had collected on his behalf.
Given the nature of the defence (which I had rejected in any event), Rizwan
had not adduced any evidence to rebut the presumption of knowledge of the
nature of the drugs on a balance of probabilities.

88 I turn to the question whether Rizwan himself intended to traffic in the
drugs. Where the quantity of drugs is large, a court may draw the inference
that a recipient intended to traffic in them. In Ong Ah Chuan and another v
Public Prosecutor [1979-1980] SLR (R) 710, it was observed as follows:

14\. …Thus, in the case of an accused caught in the act of conveying from one
place to another controlled drugs in a quantity much larger than is likely to
be needed for his own consumption the inference that he was transporting them
for the purpose of trafficking in them would, in the absence of any plausible
explanation by him, be irresistible…

15\. As a matter of common sense the larger the quantity of drugs involved the
stronger the inference that they were not intended for the personal
consumption of the person carrying them, and the more convincing the evidence
needed to rebut it.

89 As I observed above at [82], the quantity of the drugs was very large. To
reiterate, the quantity was not less than 301.6 grams of diamorphine, and was
far in excess of the quantity which would trigger the presumption of
trafficking in s 17 of the MDA (at 2 grams) and the quantity which would
attract the death penalty (15 grams). I therefore agreed with the Prosecution
that the irresistible inference to be drawn from the sheer quantity of the
drugs was that Rizwan intended to traffic in them. Given the nature of the
defence, there was no evidence to rebut this. Specifically, Rizwan did not say
that the drugs were for his own consumption.

Conclusion

90 As such, I found that the Prosecution had proved the charge against Rizwan
beyond a reasonable doubt. I thus found him guilty and convicted him of the
charge.

Saminathan

Overview

91 Saminathan was charged with trafficking by delivering the drugs to
Zulkarnain, being an offence under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA. The elements of such
an offence are (a) the actus reus of trafficking; and (b) the mens rea of the
knowledge of the nature of the drugs. As stated above at [50], “traffic” is
defined to include “deliver” within s 2 of the MDA.

92 The Prosecution’s case was that Saminathan delivered the drugs to
Zulkarnain. There was no direct identification by any witness that Saminthan
was the person who delivered the drugs to Zulkarnain. Also, the Trailer was
not stopped in time before it left Singapore. As such, to prove that
Saminathan was the person involved, the Prosecution put forth the various
strands of objective evidence to place Saminathan at the scene, and to link
him to the delivery of the drugs.

93 To reiterate, Saminathan’s defence was one of denial. According to him, he
was not in Singapore at the material time, and someone had impersonated him
and driven the Trailer into Singapore. The impersonator was able to enter
Singapore using his identity because he had left his passport, as well as the
disembarkation card (which Saminathan had pre-filled and pre-signed) in the
Trailer. As for the DNA evidence, his DNA must have found its way to the
bundles by a process of transference.

Whether Saminathan had delivered the drugs to Zulkarnain

94 Having assessed the evidence, I agreed with the Prosecution that the
evidence pointed incontrovertibly to the conclusion that Saminathan delivered
the drugs to Zulkarnain.

95 First, the travel movement records, read together with the vehicle records,
showed that using his passport, Saminathan entered and exited Singapore at
6.40pm and 10.18pm on 20 November 2013 in the Trailer. There was only one
person in the Trailer during those times.

96 Second, the disembarkation card also showed that at 6.40pm, Saminathan
entered Singapore, as it was completed and signed by Saminathan.

97 Third, during the drug transaction, SSSgt Mak observed the male Indian
driver of the Trailer loading items into Zulkarnain’s car, before returning to
board the Trailer through the driver’s door. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

AB250, para 13.

At that point, W/SI Rahizah Rahim (“W/SI Rahizah”) was in an operational
vehicle which passed by the Trailer, and she also observed the male Indian in
the Trailer “about to close the driver’s door”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

AB244, para 13.

After that, SSSgt Mak, SSgt Azhari, W/SI Rahizah and SSSgt Lee Hiang Hong
tailed the Trailer all the way to Tuas Checkpoint, and saw it leave for
Malaysia. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AB250, para 14; AB258. para 14; AB244, paras 14-15; AB253, paras 12-13.

Therefore, the same person who delivered the drugs to Zulkarnain drove the
Trailer and left for Malaysia via Tuas checkpoint.

98 Fourth, the evidence of SSgt Goh strengthened the Prosecution’s case that
it was Saminathan who exited Singapore in the Trailer at 10.18pm. As the
officer on duty at Tuas Checkpoint who processed the exit of the Trailer, he
gave clear evidence on the verification protocol that he applied on the date
in question. In particular, SSgt Goh said that Saminthan’s passport photo
showed distinguishing features – such as the ears and the moustache. Upon
verification, the driver had passed his visual inspection. Saminathan did not
challenge or furnish any evidence to show that SSgt Goh was mistaken in
identifying him as the driver of the Trailer. Nor was it suggested by
Saminathan that the verification protocol was not complied with. There was
really no basis to doubt SSgt Goh’s evidence.

99 Fifth, according to Murugan, Saminathan’s employer from MKG Logistics, at
the material time, Saminathan had exclusive use of the Trailer. After the
morning delivery on 20 November 2013 to a customer at Chin Bee Drive,
Saminathan had gone missing with the Trailer’s keys. I accepted his evidence.
Indeed, Saminathan admitted in his statement that he used the Trailer for the
deliveries for MKG Logistics. Further, Saminathan did not deny that on the
morning of 20 November 2013, he used the Trailer to enter Singapore at 8.24am
to make a delivery at Chin Bee Drive, and to exit Singapore at 10.32am. This
bolstered the Prosecution’s case that the Trailer was available to Saminathan
to re-enter Singapore to carry out the drug transaction.

100 Sixth, the presence of Saminathan’s DNA on two of the 35 bundles of drugs,
specifically bundles A1A9 and B1A6, inexorably pointed to Saminathan having
contact with the drugs, and making the delivery to Zulkarnain (see [32]
above). As the Prosecution submitted, the presence of the DNA on the interior
areas, “AREA-4”, raised two possibilities. First, it pointed to Saminathan
having direct contact with the exterior areas of the bundles, as well as his
involvement in the wrapping of the drug bundles. Second, it was also possible
that Saminathan only had direct contact with the exterior of the bundles, but
he had also touched an area of tape which had stuck out slightly. In either
scenario, Saminathan was inextricably linked to the drugs.

101 In this regard, Saminathan tried to explain away the presence of his DNA
by claiming that there has been some form of secondary transfer. As he
claimed, he drove the Trailer most of the time. Also, at one point in time, he
used a roll of black tape (which he left in the Trailer) to fix some wiring in
the Trailer. Thus, his DNA must have been transferred to the steering wheel of
the Trailer and the black tape. When the impersonator used the Trailer and or
the black tape, Saminathan’s DNA must have been transferred onto the two
bundles. In and of itself, I found this explanation unbelievable. But viewed
holistically with all the other evidence, I had no hesitation rejecting this
conjecture. I will expand on this later.

102 I now turn to consider the merits of Saminathan’s defence, and start by
observing that Saminathan has been inconsistent in his position. Prior to the
trial, he did not dispute that he was present in Singapore at the material
time. His entire defence of not being in Singapore, and there being an
impersonator was a belated one. In his long statement recorded on 31 March
2014 which the Prosecution used to cross-examine him on, he did not mention
any of this. I pause at this juncture to note that the recorder asked
Saminathan what he did when he came into Singapore on 20 November 2013 alone
in the Trailer and the recorder then informed Saminathan that he “came into
Singapore … again at 6.40pm and left at 10.18pm”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Exh P283.

In response, Saminathan was uncertain about this, but guessed that there were
three possible reasons for him to have entered Singapore on the evening of 20
November 2013. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Exh P283.

What was critical was that at no time did Saminathan dispute that he was in
Singapore. Being in Singapore for reasons he could not remember and not being
in Singapore entirely were entirely different matters.

103 In the course of cross-examination by the Prosecution, Saminathan said
that he had already known during the time of investigations that someone could
have impersonated him on 20 November 2013. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NEs, 21 September 2016, p 47, lines 1-13.

If that were to be his belief, there was absolutely no reason for him not to
have raised this at the earliest opportunity. Indeed, the situation was
aggravated by the fact that even in his Case for the Defence filed on 13
November 2015, Saminathan did not mention that he was not in Singapore at the
material time.

104 Next, I found it impossible to accept that Saminathan would leave such an
important document as his passport in the Trailer. This was especially since
Saminathan claimed that Murugan had a spare key, and that he was not the only
person with access to the Trailer. Even if that might have been his usual
practice, after the delivery to Singapore on 20 November 2013, Saminathan did
not turn up for work for a few days. He said he went to Tampin, Negeri
Sembilan, leaving the Trailer parked at the office. If he knew that he was not
going to be in control of the Trailer for a few days, I failed to understand
why he did not remove his passport from the Trailer that day. Linked to the
above, it was hard to imagine in the first place why Saminathan would pre-fill
and pre-sign a stack of “white cards”, and further, why he would carelessly
leave them in the Trailer.

105 On Saminathan’s claim that he did not write the words “SHIPYArD RD”, I
dismissed this. Based on at least six similarities between the words “SHIPYArD
RD” and Saminathan’s handwriting specimens, Dr Cheng’s finding was that the
possibility of Saminathan writing the words cannot be ruled out. Meanwhile, Mr
Pang was unable to come to a conclusion on the issue. I noted that the drug
transaction took place at Quality Road. As such, it was inexplicable why the
impersonator would have written “SHIPYArD RD” as the address in Singapore. On
the contrary, I noted that Saminathan had stated that he had gone to Shipyard
Crescent before (see [27] above). Further, I also noted that Quality Road was
adjacent to Chin Bee Drive, the location where Saminathan had a delivery
earlier that morning. In my view, the claim that he did not write the words
“SHIPYArD RD” was a mere attempt to disassociate himself from the
disembarkation card, which I found to be filled in by him.

106 Third, by Saminathan’s account, the impersonator chose to use his passport
to enter Singapore. Given that the impersonator’s purpose was to commit a
serious crime, it was illogical that one would take on the added risk of being
detected by ICA for using a false passport, and in turn, the heightened risk
of being caught with the drugs.

107 Fourth, the impersonator must have known Saminathan’s movements and plans,
so as to be able to take the key from the office of MKG Logistics and to drive
the Trailer to Singapore, shortly after the Trailer became available. Also,
the impersonator must have known that Saminathan’s passport would be in the
Trailer, together with a ready stack of pre-filled and pre-signed “white
cards”. Taken together, this was an impersonator who appeared to know
Saminathan well. However, when asked, Saminathan had no idea at all who could
have done this to him. He claimed that he did not know who would have framed
him for this very serious crime. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NEs, 21 September 2013, p 65, lines 13-31 and p 66, lines 1-8.

108 Fifth, Saminathan’s defence depended on a confluence of quite a number of
coincidences, which rendered it quite incredible. These included the
following:

(a) For the defence to be believed, the impersonator must have had a fair
resemblance to Saminathan, so as to be confident to risk the verification
check by the ICA;

(b) Also, the impersonator must have had handwriting similar to Saminathan, or
be able to copy his handwriting well, so as to be able to write the words
“SHIPYArD RD” such that at least six similarities to Saminathan’s handwriting
were observed by Dr Cheng. Indeed, the impersonator must have known that
Saminathan would write the word “road” as “RD”, which also appeared in the
disembarkation card he presented for the first entry on 20 November 2013 at
8.24am with the address “SENOKO RD”; 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Exh P278, p 2.

(c) Further, the impersonator must have somehow managed to use the black tape
left behind by Saminathan in the Trailer to wrap the bundles, or transferred
Saminathan’s DNA from the Trailer to the bundles; and

(d) Thereafter, the impersonator then drove to Quality Road, adjacent to where
Saminathan had driven to earlier that morning for the delivery at Chin Bee
Drive.

109 For all of the reasons above, I rejected the defence. At this point, I
should highlight that a reasonable doubt must be “real or reasonable”, and
“not merely fanciful”, before the Prosecution can be found not to have
discharged its burden: Jagatheesan s/o Kirshnasamy v Public Prosecutor [2006]
4 SLR (R) 45 at [51]. By raising the implausible claims in his impersonation
defence, Saminathan had not cast any reasonable doubt on the Prosecution’s
case. I accepted that Saminathan entered Singapore driving the Trailer at
6.40pm, delivered the drugs to Zulkarnain, and then exited Singapore at
10.18pm on 20 November 2013.

Whether Saminathan knew of the nature of the drugs

110 As Saminathan was in possession of the 35 bundles, by s 18(1) of the MDA,
he was presumed to be in possession of the drugs, and therefore, presumed to
have known of the nature of the drugs by s 18(2) of the MDA. Given the nature
of his defence, Saminathan had adduced no evidence to rebut the presumption of
knowledge.

Conclusion

111 In light of the foregoing, the Prosecution had proved the charge against
Saminathan beyond a reasonable doubt. I found Saminathan guilty and convicted
him of the charge.

Decision on Sentence

112 I now turn to my decision on sentence.

113 The prescribed punishment under s 33(1) read with the Second Schedule of
the MDA is death. There is an alternative sentencing regime in 33B(1)(a) of
the MDA allowing the court the discretion to impose a mandatory term of
imprisonment for life and 15 strokes of the cane.

114 For a court to have the discretion to impose the alternative sentence, an
offender must show that his acts fell within s 33(B)(2)(a)(i)–(iv) of the MDA
and must also receive a certificate of substantive assistance from the PP. The
decision to give or withhold such a certificate is at the sole discretion of
the PP: s 33(B)(4) of the MDA.

Zulkarnain

115 Having heard the parties’ submissions, I found on a balance of
probabilities that Zulkarnain’s role in the drug transaction was to collect
the drugs and then to deliver the drugs to Rizwan. His acts fell within the
acts of a courier under s 33B(2)(a)(i) of the MDA. The PP had also issued
Zulkarnain with a certificate of substantive assistance.

116 On the facts of this case, I saw no reason to impose the death penalty,
nor did the Prosecution submit that there was any such reason. Accordingly, I
imposed the alternative sentence of life imprisonment (backdated to the date
of his arrest on 20 November 2013). As Zulkarnain was more than 50 years old,
by s 325 of the CPC, he was not liable for caning.

Rizwan

117 The Prosecution submitted that Rizwan was not a courier. I agreed with the
Prosecution that Rizwan’s role went beyond that of a courier. Apart from
getting Zulkarnain to carry out the drug transaction, he had also coordinated
the drug transaction. As for the second requirement, the PP did not issue a
certificate of substantive assistance. Accordingly, I passed the mandatory
death sentence on him.

Saminathan

118 As for Saminathan, it was clear on the evidence that his role was to
deliver the drugs to Zulkarnain (which he did). Therefore, based on a balance
of probabilities, his role was that of a courier. However, the PP did not
issue a certificate of substantive assistance.

119 As the alternative sentencing regime was not available for consideration,
I passed the mandatory death sentence on him.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge

Anandan Bala, Marcus Foo and Chan Yi Cheng (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
the Public Prosecutor;  
Ramesh Chandr Tiwary (Ramesh Tiwary) and Ranadhir Gupta (A Zamzam & Co.) for
the first accused;  
Gill Amarick Singh (Amarick Gill LLC) and Zaminder Singh Gill (Hilborne Law
LLC) for the second accused;

Mahadevan Lukshumayeh (S.T. Chelvan & Company) and Dhanwant Singh (S K Kumar
Law Practic LLP) for the third accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

