Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 11

Suit No 714 of 2017 (Registrar’s Appeal No 301 of 2017 & Summons No 4882 of
2017)

Between

GOH BEE LAN  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| YAP SOON GUAN  
---|---  
(2)| WENDA NG LI HA  
  
… Defendants

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil procedure] — [Summary judgment]

[Contract] — [Duress] — [Economic]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Goh Bee Lan

  

v

  

Yap Soon Guan and another

[2018] SGHC 11

High Court — Suit No 714 of 2017 (Registrar’s Appeal No 301 of 2017 & Summons
No 4882 of 2017)  
Tan Siong Thye J  
27 November 2017

18 January 2018

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 In this Registrar’s Appeal No 301 of 2017 (“RA 301”), the Defendants, Yap
Soon Guan (“Yap”) and Wenda Ng Li Ha (“Ng”), appealed against the decision of
the assistant registrar (“AR”) who granted the Plaintiff, Goh Bee Lan, summary
judgment under O 14 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed). Having
heard the parties’ submissions, I could not find any reason to disturb the
AR’s decision. Accordingly, I dismissed the appeal. The Defendants have filed
an appeal against my decision. I now give my reasons.

Background

2 The Plaintiff had entered into an original loan agreement for the sum of
$3.3m, known as the Transaction Agreement, with the Defendants. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Chua Beng Huat’s 1st affidavit, p 7.

Subsequently, the Defendants were unable to repay the original loan and the
parties restructured the Transaction Agreement on several occasions.
Throughout the transactions, the Plaintiff was represented by her husband,
Chua Beng Huat (“Chua”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Chua Beng Huat’s 2nd affidavit, para 7.

3 Yap is the founder and controlling shareholder of two companies which run an
extensive educational and childcare business. Ng is Yap’s business associate
who partially owns the business and operates the business together with Yap. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, paras 13–15.

4 The Defendants failed to pay and the parties eventually entered into a
Settlement Agreement dated 22 May 2017 for a full and final settlement of the
monies owed. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Chua Beng Huat’s 1st affidavit, para 5.

For the purposes of negotiating and entering into the Settlement Agreement,
the Defendants were advised by solicitors from WongPartnership LLP. With the
assistance of their respective lawyers, the parties negotiated the terms of
the Settlement Agreement for five weeks before they finally agreed on its
terms on 22 May 2017. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Chua Beng Huat’s 1st affidavit, paras 6–9.

5 The Transaction Agreement was entered into between the parties on 25
February 2014. Thereafter, the Transaction Agreement underwent several rounds
of substantive restructuring on the Defendants’ initiative as they were unable
to repay the principal sum of $3.3m. Although the Transaction Agreement had
morphed over time into various restructured loan agreements, the Plaintiff did
not put in more money in those agreements. Any increases in the principal sums
of the restructured loan agreements were proposed and computed by the
Defendants. The key terms of the Transaction Agreement, the various
restructured loan agreements, and the Settlement Agreement are summarised in
the following table: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Chua Beng Huat’s 2nd affidavit, para 21.

Agreement| Date| Sum| Date Due  
---|---|---|---  
Transaction Agreement| 25 Feb 2014| $3.3m, 15% interest per annum| 31 Mar 2016  
First Supplemental Agreement| 26 Jun 2015| $4.4m, no interest| 31 Dec 2015  
Restated Loan Agreement| 31 Dec 2015| $4.4m, 7.5% interest per month| 29 Feb
2016  
Second Supplemental Agreement (March)| 7 Mar 2016| 1st tranche: $2m  
2nd tranche: remaining amount ($2.4m) with 7.5% interest per month, default
interest of 3%| 15 Mar 2016 (1st tranche)30 Apr 2016 (2nd tranche)  
Second Supplemental Agreement (September)| 15 Sep 2016| $4.8m, default
interest of 7.5% per month$300,000 on four occasions for a total of $1.2m,
default interest of 7.5% per month| 30 Sep 2016 ($4.8m)1 Jan, 1 Apr, 1 Jul, 1
Oct 2017 ($300,000 each time)  
Settlement Agreement| 22 May 2017| $3.25m, default interest of 5.33% per
annum$1.5m, default interest of 5.33% per annum| 30 Jun 2017 ($3.25m)30 Sep
2017 ($1.5m)  
  
6 The Plaintiff’s statement of claim filed on 3 August 2017 arose from the
non-payment of the first sum of $3.25m in the Settlement Agreement that was
due on 30 June 2017. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Chua Beng Huat’s 1st affidavit, paras 11 and 13.

The Plaintiff has yet to claim the second sum of $1.5m in the Settlement
Agreement which was due on 30 September 2017. The Plaintiff’s cause of action
was also not premised on the other loan agreements.

7 The AR granted the Plaintiff summary judgment for the sum of $3.25m together
with interest of 5.33% per annum and costs in favour of the Plaintiff. The
Defendants appealed.

The AR’s decision

8 The AR granted summary judgment on the basis that the Defendants did not
dispute that they owed the Plaintiff a sum of $3.25m under the Settlement
Agreement and that they did not raise any triable issues.

9 The issues of whether Chua was a nominee of the Plaintiff and whether the
parties initially wanted the monies to be extended as part of an investment
were not relevant since the Defendants did not dispute that they had entered
into the various loan agreements and the Settlement Agreement. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Transcript of proceedings before the AR, p 20.

10 While the issue of illegitimate economic duress was potentially relevant in
that it could vitiate the Settlement Agreement if it was true, the AR found
that there was no evidence to support the Defendants’ assertion. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Transcript of proceedings before the AR, pp 20–21.

(a) The Defendants were represented by legal counsel when they entered into
the Settlement Agreement.

(b) The sum of $3.25m claimed by the Plaintiff was not extortionate or
unconscionable, since it was lower than the original loan sum of $3.3m. It was
not disputed by the Defendants that the original loan sum was $3.3m.

(c) Even if the court looked at all the restructured loan agreements and the
Settlement Agreement instead of only the sum claimed by the Plaintiff, the
parties’ correspondence showed that the Defendants knew what they were doing
when they entered into these agreements repeatedly. On each occasion, the
Defendants asked for more time and apologised for delays in making repayment.
The fact that the Defendants were cash-strapped or even desperate did not mean
that they were coerced into entering the agreements.

11 The AR therefore found no triable issues and granted summary judgment in
favour of the Plaintiff.

Parties’ positions

Defendants’ case

12 On appeal, the Defendants similarly did not dispute that they owed the
Plaintiff the sum of $3.3m. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Defendants’ submissions, para 81.

They argued that the Settlement Agreement had been procured by illegitimate
economic duress, rendering it unenforceable. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Defendants’ submissions, para 13.

The Defendants relied on the following arguments:

(a) In slightly more than three years, the Defendants’ debt “swelled” from
$3.3m to $4.75m, an increase of $1.45m. The Defendants submitted that this
increase was extravagant and unconscionable. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defendants’ submissions, paras 24–27.

(b) This increase was attributable to Chua. He was unhappy that the Defendants
pursued a reverse takeover instead of an Initial Public Offering (“IPO”).
Despite knowing that the Defendants could not afford to be engaged in court
action as they were financially strapped and were pursuing funding, Chua made
the “wholly unreasonable” demand for the return of his money. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defendants’ submissions, paras 30–35.

(c) Indeed, when Chua made the first demand in May 2015 for the return of the
money by the end of 2015, the loan was not even due yet as it was due only on
31 March 2016. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defendants’ submissions, para 37.

(d) This relentless pressure for the return of the money continued throughout
the various loan agreements and culminated in the Settlement Agreement. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendants’ submissions, paras 44–72.

(e) There was “no real advantage” to the Defendants by entering into these
agreements. They were procured solely by Chua’s illegitimate pressure. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defendants’ submissions, para 80.

13 While the Defendants acknowledged that the sum of $4.75m under the
Settlement Agreement was brought down from $6m in the Second Supplemental
Agreement (September), they submitted that $4.75m “remained oppressive and
extortionate” as it did not take into account the Defendants’ failure in their
reverse takeover. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defendants’ submissions, para 73.

The reverse takeover was why the Defendants computed and increased the
principal sum of the loan owed from $3.3m in the Transaction Agreement to
$4.4m in the First Supplemental Agreement. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defendants’ submissions, para 40.

Plaintiff’s case

14 The Plaintiff submitted that there was no triable issue of illegitimate
economic duress for the following reasons:

(a) The Defendants were advised by legal counsel during the negotiations that
resulted in the Settlement Agreement. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s submissions, paras 28–32.

(b) There was no evidence of illegitimate pressure by the Plaintiff. In the
emails that the Defendants relied on, the Plaintiff was unwilling to extend
the loan any further due to the Defendants’ previous defaults. When the
Defendants tried to persuade the Plaintiff that monies were forthcoming as
they had an investor who was willing to sign a term sheet with them, the
Plaintiff asked for more details of the said investor. The Plaintiff would
have withheld enforcement action on the amounts already due and owing under
the Second Supplemental Agreement (September) if she had enough details of
this alleged investor. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s submissions, paras 33–35; Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, p 206.

(c) Even assuming the Plaintiff exerted some pressure on the Defendants, it
was for the purpose of seeking recourse to recover the original unsecured loan
from the Defendants. This would not constitute illegitimate pressure. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s submissions, paras 37–39, 44–50.

15 The Plaintiff also submitted that in considering these factors, the court
should not look at the events leading up to the Settlement Agreement –
including the various loan agreements – as it would go against the policy of
finality of settlement agreements. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s submissions, paras 51–56.

My decision

16 I agree with the AR and found that there was no triable issue of
illegitimate economic duress or any other triable issue and dismissed the
Defendants’ appeal. I shall first set out the law before turning to explain
why I rejected the Defendants’ submissions.

The law

17 The requirements for illegitimate economic duress were summarised by
Quentin Loh J in E C Investment Holding Pte Ltd v Ridout Residence Pte Ltd and
another (Orion Oil Ltd and another, interveners) [2011] 2 SLR 232 (“E C
Investment”) 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PBOA, Tab 2.

after reviewing the relevant authorities (at [48] and [51]):

(a) There must be pressure amounting to compulsion of the will of the victim.

(b) The pressure must be illegitimate, which can be inferred from the presence
of such manifestly disadvantageous terms to the complainant as to make it
unconscionable for the other party to retain the benefit of them.

18 In determining whether there was illegitimate pressure, three caveats must
be borne in mind. First, where only lawful pressure was used, it would be a
“very rare case” for duress to be found simply because illegitimate economic
duress generally requires proof of illegitimate pressure as opposed to mere
commercial pressure (E C Investment at [47] and [51]). Second, lawful
commercial pressure should not be mistaken for unlawful duress because the aim
of the courts is to distinguish between agreements that are the result of mere
commercial pressure and those entered into because of unfair exploitation (E C
Investment at [52]). Third, in order to identify such unfair exploitation, the
court can refer to the following factors (see E C Investment at [44], citing
the Privy Council’s decision in Pao On v Lau Yiu Long [1980] AC 614 at
635–636):

(a) Whether the party alleged to be coerced did or did not protest.

(b) Whether, at the time that he was allegedly coerced, he had an alternative
course open to him such as an adequate legal remedy.

(c) Whether he was independently advised.

(d) Whether after entering the contract he took steps to avoid it.

19 That said, I also accepted the Defendants’ submissions that illegitimate
economic duress can be found even if the victim remains silent. When the
victim has no other practical choice open to him but to submit to the
pressure, then illegitimate pressure can be found even if the victim does not
complain (see Universe Tankships Inc of Monrovia v International Transport
Workers Federation and others [1983] 1 AC 366 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

DBOA, Tab H.

at 400). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defendants’ submissions, para 82–83.

20 In other words, in deciding whether the economic duress was illegitimate,
the court must look at the eventual terms that the parties contracted on,
whether they were extravagant or unconscionable, as well as the process which
the parties used to arrive at those terms. I shall now deal with each in turn.

The sums in the Settlement Agreement were not extravagant or unconscionable

21 The Defendants submitted that the total sums in the Settlement Agreement
were extravagant or unconscionable because in a short span of three years they
had ballooned from $3.3m to $4.75m. I did not accept these submissions.
Although it is true that the absolute sums had increased, this must be seen in
the context of three other facts:

(a) First, the sums increased because the Defendants had failed to pay up on
any of the loan agreements entered into between the Transaction Agreement and
the Settlement Agreement.

(b) Second, it was the Defendants who suggested and agreed to the principal
sums of the various restructured loan agreements and the Settlement Agreement.

(c) Third, the sum claimed in this case was only $3.25m, which is less than
the original loan sum of $3.3m.

22 The first pertinent point to note is that the Defendants had not paid the
principal sums of any of the original and restructured loan agreements. The
purpose of the various restructured loan agreements was so that the Plaintiff
would gain from the interest and additional repayments, while the Defendants
would have more time for the repayment of the loans.

23 The second pertinent point is that the precise sum that would be payable
under each of the restructured loan agreements was computed and proposed by
the Defendants, and not by the Plaintiff. For instance, Yap mentioned in his
affidavit that from the principal sum of $3.3m in the Transaction Agreement,
he computed that Chua would be able to grow this sum to $4.4m. As a result,
$4.4m became the principal sum in the First Supplemental Agreement. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, paras 45–47.

Yap explained his computation as follows:

45\. I did a broad computation of the reasonable amount of what Chua would be
able to obtain with his investment if the RTO [ie, the reverse takeover] had
been successfully concluded.

46\. The amount that I arrived at was S$4.4 million. This was the reasonably
best estimate that I could work out for Chua’s total return based on his
investment of S$3.3 million if the RTO was successful.

47\. I made a representation to Chua based on my computation as explained
above and this led to the 1st Supplemental Agreement, entered into on 26.6.15,
to make repayment of S$4.4 million within six (6) months, i.e. 31.12.15.

24 Similarly, when it came to the Second Supplemental Agreement (September),
an email from Ng to Chua on 30 August 2016 showed that the Defendants had
calculated the sums to be as high as $7.2m, but the Defendants were later able
to negotiate this down (a point that I shall come to later): 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, pp 158–159.

Hi Beng Huat,

We are open to sign a new supplementary agreement with you to show our
commitment, if it makes things easier for you to satisfy your friend to show a
full and final settlement amount, we will do that.

I have calculated the interest upto end September 2016 as attached for your
reference.

P+I less $500,000 paid to date, the amount is $7.2m.

We are not capable to pay this huge amount as it is way too above what we can
afford. I know we have not paid in millions to your friend as yet and will be
difficult to negotiate with him. But we are sincerely and truthfully working
with you to close this episode nicely and please help us to speak with him to
come to a reasonable amount. We hope you can consider a reasonable payout so
that we can smoothly settle this once and for all by end September.

…

This current fund [ie, new investors] can work well with us and we want to
make it a success. We do not like to drag this matter with you anymore and
hope to settle it also that all of us can move on. Through the terms that we
worked with them, the most we can squeeze to settle your side is $4.8mil in
total. That also we need to find another $500k from somewhere to pay. Hope you
can help us and other shareholders on this proposal.

[emphasis added]

25 This email clearly evinced that the Defendants themselves recognised that
the sums that Chua was entitled to, because of their repeated delays to pay
the original loan sum of $3.3m, was of a figure as high as $7.2m. Having
recognised this, the Defendants were later able to negotiate these sums down
to $6m (in the Second Supplemental Agreement (September)) and $4.75m (in the
Settlement Agreement). Indeed, it was the Defendants themselves who calculated
these sums and came up with these figures. This was not disputed. It therefore
follows that the Defendants now cannot challenge the sum of $4.75m as
extravagant or unconscionable given that it is a discount from the sum of
$7.2m, which the Defendants themselves calculated was the rightful sum due to
Chua and the Plaintiff.

26 The third pertinent point is that the sum claimed by the Plaintiff is only
$3.25m from the first failed payment under the Settlement Agreement. As the AR
rightly noted, this sum was even less than the original loan sum of $3.3m
under the Transaction Agreement. The Defendants did not challenge this sum for
being unconscionable and even admitted that they owed the Plaintiff $3.3m.
Essentially, at these proceedings, the Plaintiff’s claim was for $3.25m, which
was less than the principal sum of $3.3m. It is irrelevant for this court to
speculate whether the Plaintiff would commence court proceedings for the
balance of $1.5m in the future as this matter was not before the court.

27 Hence, even at the stage of a summary judgment application, where the
Defendants needed only to show that there was a triable issue, I found that
there was no triable issue that the sums were extravagant or unconscionable. I
would reiterate that it was the Defendants who computed and had come up with
the respective sums in the various restructured loan agreements. Given these
undisputed facts, it would be extremely difficult for the Defendants to show
that there was illegitimate economic duress in this case since the acts that
they relied on were lawful means exerted by the Plaintiff to seek legal
recourse for the return of her loan. Having set out this background, I shall
now examine the facts in this case.

Chua did not apply any illegitimate pressure on the Defendants in entering the
Settlement Agreement

28 The Defendants submitted that Chua applied illegitimate pressure on them by
(a) threatening to take legal action in situations where he knew that they
could not afford the spectre of such legal action, and (b) demanding his money
back in situations where he knew that they were financially strapped. The
Defendants submitted that this constituted illegitimate economic duress that
vitiated the Settlement Agreement.

29 Before addressing the Defendants’ submissions, I shall deal first with a
preliminary point raised by the Plaintiff, namely, that the court should not
take into account events that happened in the lead-up to the other
restructured loan agreements in deciding whether there was illegitimate
economic duress for the Settlement Agreement (see [15] above). I agreed with
the Plaintiff to the extent that the ultimate inquiry was whether there was
duress in entering the Settlement Agreement and not the other restructured
loan agreements. However, the circumstances in which the other restructured
loan agreements had been entered into could be relevant in assessing the
context in which the Settlement Agreement was entered into.

30 But even looking at the circumstances in totality, I did not agree with the
Defendants that there was evidence of illegitimate pressure to form a triable
issue. To begin with, I did not think that the Plaintiff or Chua had exerted
any illegitimate pressure on the Defendants although Chua might have been
anxious to get the money back. It is understandable that Chua was concerned
since the Defendants had not paid any sum over the last three years although
the parties had entered into various restructured loan agreements culminating
in the Settlement Agreement. To the contrary, the evidence suggests that the
Defendants were the ones that boldly asserted their wishes in the dealings
between the parties.

The Transaction Agreement

31 The Transaction Agreement appeared to have come about as Chua seemed
interested in the Defendants’ business. At the very least, Chua had envisioned
that the Defendants’ company would attempt an IPO in the near future. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Chua Beng Huat’s 2nd affidavit, paras 35–37.

The parties disagreed as to whether the Defendants also wanted an IPO or
whether it was Chua’s unilateral wish 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, paras 19–27.

but for present purposes I did not think that it made a difference. The
parties took several rounds of negotiations to eventually arrive at the
Transaction Agreement dated 25 February 2014, by which the loan sum of $3.3m,
with interest of 15% per annum, could be repaid by $2.5m in convertible shares
and the remaining $800,000 exchanged into existing shares. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, pp 49–51.

The maturity date of the Transaction Agreement was 31 March 2016. At this
point, it appeared that neither party was unhappy with the situation, and
indeed, the terms of the Transaction Agreement were carefully negotiated
between them. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, pp 29–35.

The First Supplemental Agreement

32 Problems first arose between the parties in September 2014 when they
disagreed on the appointment of a new Chief Financial Officer. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, pp 59–60.

Chua’s initial wish for an IPO was also not realised as the Defendants sought
to pursue a reverse takeover instead. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, paras 28–36.

At that time, Chua began to exert financial pressure on the Defendants
especially when he knew that the Defendants’ business had too many financial
commitments. Therefore, the Defendants had no choice but to appeal to Chua to
work out an alternative arrangement in the First Supplemental Agreement dated
26 June 2015, where the Defendants proposed that the loan sum be increased
from $3.3m to $4.4m. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, paras 46–50.

This was despite the fact that, when the First Supplemental Agreement was
entered into on 26 June 2015, the original loan sum of $3.3m was not yet due
(it was only due on 31 March 2016).

33 The Defendants’ explanation for this increase was that Chua wanted to exert
financial pressure on the Defendants, despite knowing that he could not yet
claim the original loan sum of $3.3m. In their written submissions, the
Defendants referred to an email that Chua had sent in May 2015 which
unreasonably demanded for the sum to be delivered before the end of 2015,
despite the principal sum only being due on 31 March 2016. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defendants’ submissions, paras 34–38.

The Defendants took the position that this pressure “culminated” in the First
Supplemental Agreement. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defendants’ submissions, para 39.

This argument is entirely mistaken. That email, which was sent in May 2015,
spoke of the $4.4m that was rightly due under the First Supplemental Agreement
by 31 December 2015. It was not about the Transaction Agreement.

34 Instead, as I have earlier noted, it appeared that the Defendants
volunteered the sum of $4.4m to be what Chua should have gotten from his
investment at the time the First Supplemental Agreement was entered into (see
[23] above). Hence, the Defendants cannot now complain that the sum of $4.4m
was extravagant or unconscionable when they were the ones who had calculated
and then volunteered that sum.

Chua became a guarantor in a loan agreement that involved a Taiwanese lender

35 It should be noted that in the meantime, Chua stood as a guarantor for a
loan agreement on 7 December 2015 between a Taiwanese lender, Clement Yang
(“the Taiwanese lender”) and Kenmooreland Pte Ltd for the sum of $2.4m payable
not later than two months from the date of the drawdown. Subsequently, the
borrower faced difficulty in the payment of this loan. Thus the Taiwanese
lender chased Chua, the guarantor, for the payment of the loan and Chua in
turn looked towards the Defendants for the repayment of the various
restructured loan agreements.

The Restated Loan Agreement

36 The Defendants attempted to weave a similar story when it came to the
Restated Loan Agreement. They took the position that while they were still
pursuing a reverse takeover of a listed company in late November to early
December 2015, Chua had strategically timed his demand for repayment of the
loan to exert “maximum pressure”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, para 56.

The Defendants said that Chua, knowing that any litigation would have adverse
effects on their attempts to secure funding, consciously used the threat of
litigation to force them to enter into the Restated Loan Agreement which
imposed “very steep rates” of 7.5% interest per month. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, paras 61, 68, and 76.

37 The evidence did not support the Defendants’ characterisation of the
situation. In an email from Chua to Yap and Ng (amongst others) on 30 November
2015 at 11.24am, Chua stated: 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, p 66.

Sam/Wenda,

So it’s an RTO (as we’ve advised) AND not VSA after all! You have lost lead
time. Anyway, gentle reminder of payment 31st Dec. Koh mentioned that its NOT
necessary to send a DD letter which wud set you back by additional $5k (min)
as the funds are ready, so I’m just sending an email reminder for payment 30
days later!

38 This email showed that Chua did not seem bothered by the fact that the
Defendants were carrying out a reverse takeover. The Defendants’ reply to this
email was not to protest or to inquire why Chua was making such demands (which
would be significant as an indicator that Chua was exerting illegitimate
pressure on them, see [18(a)] above), but was rather to thank Chua for his
reminder: 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, p 68.

Hi Beng Huat,

Thanks for your reminder. It is indeed a RTO structure deal. … So our
commitment to your payment has always been in our working schedule as well. …

[emphasis added]

39 Contrary to how the Defendants attempted to paint the correspondence, Chua
did not appear to be making a threat. Instead, he merely reminded the
Defendants of the date for the repayment of the loan. The Defendants’ reply
was consistent with this. In response to a further email where Chua noted that
he would be overseas and asked the Defendants to contact his lawyer should
they wish for the letter of demand to be served on a different address if
necessary, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, p 70.

Ng replied that “[i]f there is anything, I will contact you or Danny [ie,
Chua’s lawyer] please”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, p 72.

Hence, contrary to the Defendants’ submissions that Chua applied pressure on
them to enter into the Restated Loan Agreement, I found that the Defendants
had been expecting such demands for repayment and had assured Chua that this
was well within their working schedule.

40 The Restated Loan Agreement appeared to only have been entered into because
the Defendants could not meet their own payment obligations under the First
Supplemental Agreement by 31 December 2015. Despite thanking Chua for his
reminder in end November 2015, by 21 December 2015 it seemed that the
Defendants had no way of paying the $4.4m due under the First Supplemental
Agreement. Chua therefore said that he could assist the Defendants and later
sent an email to his solicitor, Wong Gang from Shook Lin & Bok LLP, asking him
to “stop work on the Letter of Demand and Litigation” but instead to work on a
Restated Loan Agreement with the requisite collateral. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, p 88.

Chua assured the Defendants that “[a]s long as the loan and interests are
repaid, everything wud be returned to the rightful owner” and that this was
“the best [he could] do at such difficult times and at such short notice”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, p 90.

41 The Restated Loan Agreement appeared to be an extension of the original
loan from Chua to the Defendants. Chua continued to press the Defendants for
the repayment of the loan. The Defendants were unable to provide the
collateral that Chua initially asked for. Hence, they suggested increasing the
interest rates to 7.5% for a one month period ending 31 January 2016 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, pp 102–103.

which was later extended to 29 February 2016 to give flexibility to the
Defendants. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, p 102.

Like the earlier loan agreements, far from the Defendants being forced to
enter into the Restated Loan Agreement, this agreement was an olive branch
extended to them by Chua. The Defendants themselves negotiated the interest
rate upwards to make up for the shares that they could not pledge. Having
negotiated the terms, the Defendants could not now complain about them.

The Second Supplemental Agreement (March)

42 The Restated Loan Agreement was later restructured into the Second
Supplemental Agreement (March) when the Defendants again failed to pay. It
should be noted that the Plaintiff did not sign the Second Supplemental
Agreement (March). The Defendants also attempted to characterise this Second
Supplemental Agreement (March) as containing “onerous and oppressive terms”
that Chua imposed by the spectre of legal action hanging over the Defendants.
This alleged threat was made by Chua in an email dated 22 February 2016 in
which he proposed an extension until 15 March 2016 with $2m to be paid in the
first tranche and the remainder by April 2016, with all interest continuing at
7.5% per month and a further additional default interest of 3% on outstanding
amounts after 30 April 2016. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, paras 78–83.

43 Again, the Defendants’ position did not align with the objective evidence.
The parties’ correspondence instead showed that the Defendants had, once
again, been unable to pay up on the sum in the Restated Loan Agreement by end
February 2016 and again began to negotiate with Chua for an extended loan
period. The following correspondence bears this out:

(a) On 26 January 2016, Chua sent an email to Yap and Ng inquiring about the
repayment as there was “radio silence” since the last promise of repayment by
the Defendants. One day later, Ng replied to say that the Defendants were
“working on a full payment with the funds coming in anytime now to mid Feb”
and that the “interest shall follow and prorate till the full amount is
cleared”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, pp 119–120.

(b) On 15 February 2016, Chua followed up with another email inquiring about
payment. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, p 124.

The parties appeared to have conversed over the phone on 16 February 2016,
during which Ng had informed Chua that the Defendants were unable to pay. Chua
therefore responded in a text message on 17 February 2016 that the Taiwanese
lender wanted to see “half the loan” and interest paid by end February 2016 or
legal action would be taken. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, p 126.

(c) On the same day, Ng replied that the Defendants could not commit to half
the promised amount, to which Chua asked her to at least “[p]ut something on
the table”. After some back-and-forth between Chua and Ng, Ng said that the
Defendants would “work toward paying you, our promise” but also added that
they were “v familiar with A&G after using their top senior counsel for 3 good
years for Cherie Hearts case, so hope we don’t need a lawyer for resolution”.
51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, p 126.

(d) On 22 February 2016, Ng initiated a text message to Chua and stated that
“our partial payment can come in mid March. Hope your fren [sic] is smart
enough not to start any writ as this will jeopardise our fund raising for
you”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, p 126.

Eventually, after the Taiwanese lender brought in KhattarWong LLP to enforce
repayment, Chua again noted that he would, on the Defendants’ behalf,
intercede with the Taiwanese lender and “propos[e] an extension till mid March
(15th Mar) for a min repayment of S$2m and a penalty of 3% if NO repayment of
balance on 30th Apr”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, pp 123–124.

(e) It appeared that throughout this new arrangement with the Taiwanese lender
(ie, the Second Supplemental Agreement (March)), Chua had paid the relevant
legal fees. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, p 122.

44 Based on the above correspondence, Chua was not the one threatening legal
action against the Defendants. Instead, Chua helped to intercede to extend the
loan repayment period for the Defendants’ benefit and even paid the relevant
legal fees. It was Ng who had suggested that the payment could be due by mid-
March 2016. Finally, far from being intimidated by the potential lawsuit, Ng
had fired back that the Defendants were also familiar with senior legal
counsel, having engaged their services for lawsuits in the past. This was not
the behaviour of a party who was being pressured into entering yet another
loan agreement. The evidence suggests that the Defendants stood firm in their
inability to pay and Chua was the one left scrambling to help both the
Defendants and the Taiwanese lender.

The Second Supplemental Agreement (September)

45 Under the Second Supplemental Agreement (March), the Defendants had to pay
the first tranche of $2m by 15 March 2016 and the remaining amounts by 30
April 2016. The Defendants again did not make any such payment. They claimed
that they had tried to do so but were reeling from the pressure that Chua had
put on them, although they alleged that they eventually managed to pay
$500,000 by August 2016. Despite this, Chua continued to exert intense
pressure on them, which culminated in the even more onerous terms of the
Second Supplemental Agreement (September) which the Defendants had no choice
but to sign. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, paras 110–111.

46 The evidence again did not bear this out. On 9 March 2016, Chua began to
remind Ng through a series of text messages about the first tranche of $2m due
on 15 March 2016. Ng replied the next day when Chua brought up the possibility
of a demand letter as Ng did not respond to his initial text message. Ng said
that the Defendants could only pay $880,000 by 15 March and the balance of
$1.12m by the end of March, but at the same time tried to extract a promise
from Chua that there would be no demand letter, otherwise the $880,000 would
not be paid: 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, p 151.

Beng Huat, you said your words are your [bonds] right. Can we have this
promise from you, after we pay this $880k, there wouldn’t be any writ pls.

If you fren is still going ahead to issue writ, then we can forget about the
Chq.

Reason I asked is we try v hard to raise this amount n if writ is issued, we
can all forget about the remaining amount.

Can I have this assurance pls?”

47 Chua replied, expressing incredulity at Ng’s request given that Ng was the
borrower, not the lender, and had in fact failed to pay a single cent to date.
Nevertheless, Chua expressed a willingness to accommodate Ng’s request if Ng
put some money “on the table”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, p 151.

Wenda, my word is my bond. What abt yours? The deadlines were proposed and
agreed by us. U kept moving the goal posts. U talked abt paying early and
asked me to tell my fren to cap int. The truth is we have NOT received a $
todate. And I have to bear part of your legal fees! U shouldn’t be asking me
the abv when u have failed me ALL these while. Have we failed u? They have ALL
rights as per agreement signed by ALL. It’s a NO win for everyone so don’t
make such threats cos you are NOT in a position to nego. My fren won’t lose a
cent. I wud pay him overtime. I wud be down BUT should be able to take the
hit. BUT H2 and your team? To be fair my fren has given u a lot of leeway! If
u can find alternative financing u won’t come to us! Be fair! You are the
borrower NOT him. Put the $ on the table then talk! Once the chq is sighted
tom, I wud push for end Mar for 1.12m and end Apr the balance. This is final.

48 To this, Ng said that she would pass Chua the cheque the next day to be
cleared, and would be dated 15 March 2016. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, p 152.

49 As it turned out, the cheque was not cleared the next day. When Chua
expressed his horror at the situation because he had already shown the cheque
to the Taiwanese lender, Ng took the opportunity to push for a promise of no
litigation: 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, p 152.

Chua: I was told u wanted chq back! I havw oredi shown my fren. Pls don’t play
me like that!

Ng: I just spoke to Gwen. Sam [ie, Yap] just wanted a confirmation from you
that no legal action so that we can proceed to second payment. Can you just
give us this agreement?

Chua: Wenda, tell your husband. It’s chicken and egg. I have NOT failed. He
fails everytime. The chq has to clear then we talk. If chq don’t clear u
expect my fren to sit there and wait? If u pay as per agreed timeline why
serve writ? It’s upto u guys! I thot I was very clear yest?

Chua: I am amazed. Really. Don’t know whether to be angry or what. U guys are
champion. Do what u want. I don’t care.

Chua: My fren thot I have the chq and has stopped the injunction if that is
what u want to know. If I tell him that u want it back or chq didn’t clear the
writ wud come. Just 2 days later. Is this what u want?

Chua: Be fair lah. U r the borrower and u defaulted after lender gave u
extensions after extensions and u want them to agree to your terms?

50 This exchange again showed that Chua, far from exerting pressure on the
Defendants, was trying to balance the rights of the Taiwanese lender on one
hand and the needs of the Defendants on the other. Instead, it was the
Defendants who were using the spectre of non-payment to extract promises from
Chua and the Taiwanese lender.

51 But despite these repeated promises and the Defendants getting their way
with their terms, the Defendants had not paid up by 14 March, 16 March, 21
March, 26 March, 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, pp 152–153, 155.

31 March, 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, p 176.

and 27 April 2016. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, pp 175–176.

On each occasion, Ng expressed regret for the non-payment, attributed it to
the fault of some third party and asked for an extension of time. On each
occasion Chua granted that extension. Eventually it appears that the
Defendants paid up one sum of $250,000 on 4 May 2016 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, p 175.

and sent another cheque to Chua for a further $250,000 on 6 May 2016 but which
could not be cleared. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, pp 169, 172–174.

It was unclear what the first sum of $250,000 went towards, but Chua’s
position was that this sum was not related to any of the agreements reached
between the parties. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Chua Beng Huat’s 2nd affidavit, para 23.

On the other hand, the Defendants alleged that the $250,000 was paid towards
the loan. What is important is that from May through August 2016, the parties
continued negotiating about payments under the Second Supplemental Agreement
(March). Each time, Ng promised that the Defendants would be able to pay but
no further payments were ever made. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, pp 165–170.

It should be noted that under the Second Supplemental Agreement (March), full
payment of all sums was due by 30 April 2016. Hence, during this period of
negotiations from May to August 2016, the Defendants had already failed to
pay.

52 Despite the repeated promises, no full payment was forthcoming even by
August 2016. Chua expressed that he needed the Defendants to show some
“sincerity” by paying at least $250,000 by end August, failing which the
Taiwanese lender would proceed with legal recourse. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, pp 161–162.

On 30 August 2016, Ng sent Chua the following email in relation to the Second
Supplemental Agreement (September): 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, pp 158–159.

Hi Beng Huat,

We are open to sign a new supplementary agreement with you to show our
commitment, if it makes things easier for you to satisfy your friend to show a
full and final settlement amount, we will do that.

I have calculated the interest upto end September 2016 as attached for your
reference.

P+I less $500,000 paid to date, the amount is $7.2m.

We are not capable to pay this huge amount as it is way too above what we can
afford. I know we have not paid in millions to your friend as yet and will be
difficult to negotiate with him. But we are sincerely and truthfully working
with you to close this episode nicely and please help us to speak with him to
come to a reasonable amount. We hope you can consider a reasonable payout so
that we can smoothly settle this once and for all by end September.

…

This current fund [ie, new investors] can work well with us and we want to
make it a success. We do not like to drag this matter with you anymore and
hope to settle it also that all of us can move on. Through the terms that we
worked with them, the most we can squeeze to settle your side is $4.8mil in
total. That also we need to find another $500k from somewhere to pay. Hope you
can help us and other shareholders on this proposal.

53 Chua responded and expressed amazement that the Defendants were so “sharp
and clear” in tabling a settlement figure unlike previous communications where
he had to chase the Defendants for payment. Nevertheless, he expressed that if
these were all the Defendants could do, then he would do them “one last
favour” by forwarding the email to the lender’s lawyer. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, p 158.

The terms of the Second Supplemental Agreement (September) were eventually set
out in an email from Yap to Chua on 31 August 2016: 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, p 158.

Dear Beng Huat,

Good morning.

Our proposal for settlement is as follows-

1) S$4.8mil to be settled end of September 2016.

If there is any slight delay, we will furnish MOU or Term sheet to show that
final works are in process.

2) Another S$1.2mil to be paid by installments of S$300,000 on Jan 2017, Apr
2017, Jul 2017 and Oct 2017.

Kindly keep this private and confidential.

If fine, please proceed with settlement agreement, we will pay. Please keep
cost low.

Much appreciated.

Sam

[emphasis added]

54 What is clear from the above correspondence is that the Defendants had
consistently refused to pay. Instead they apologised and asked for extensions
of time from Chua and the Taiwanese lender, blaming their misfortunes on third
parties. Whenever the payment on the loan agreements became imminent, the
Defendants would drag out the payment and urged Chua and the Taiwanese lender
not to take legal action. They would entice Chua with favourable restructured
loan agreements so as to prolong the repayment period. The negotiations for
repayment could drag on for months on end by the Defendants but would only
result into another restructured loan agreement and not any repayment.

55 I therefore did not accept the Defendants’ submissions that they were
coerced into entering the Second Supplemental Agreement (September).

The Settlement Agreement

56 I turn finally to the Settlement Agreement itself. Although, as I have
mentioned above, the crux of the issue before me was whether the Settlement
Agreement (and not all the other loan agreements) was entered into by
illegitimate economic duress (see [29] above), I have chosen to set out the
parties’ dealings in the lead-up to the Settlement Agreement for several
reasons. First, to show that Chua did not exert illegitimate economic pressure
on the Defendants in the events that led to the Settlement Agreement. This
makes it even more unlikely that there could be a build-up of illegitimate
pressure that culminated in the Defendants having no practical choice but to
enter into the Settlement Agreement (see [19] above). Second, to show that
Chua was not the aggressor. Third, the Defendants’ pattern of behaviour
revealed that they had repeatedly taken advantage of Chua’s goodwill in order
to delay the repayment of the loan. These findings are significant when
assessing whether Chua had exerted illegitimate economic duress and/or
illegitimate pressure in the signing of the Settlement Agreement with the
Defendants. I shall now focus on the Settlement Agreement.

57 The Defendants’ position was that the Settlement Agreement was a
culmination of a series of loan agreements, in which the Plaintiff had,
through Chua, “imposed unconscionable terms including, extortionate interest
rates and amounts with continuing threats of legal action, which [Chua] knew
would totally destroy [Yap]”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, para 5.

Specifically, the Settlement Agreement required the Defendants to pay a
ballooned sum of $4.75m (an increase from the original loan sum of $3.3m), and
the Settlement Agreement itself was extracted from the Defendants by
illegitimate pressure exerted on account of their vulnerable financial
position. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, paras 130(k)–(l).

58 On the other hand, Chua submitted that the Defendants had misled him and
the Taiwanese lender for three years with promises of repayment from incoming
funds from investors. In good faith, the Defendants were allowed further
extensions of time and were allowed to negotiate terms for repayment. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Chua Beng Huat’s 2nd affidavit, paras 24–25.

The Settlement Agreement was not extravagant or unconscionable since it was
for a lesser sum than the Second Supplemental Agreement (September). 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Chua Beng Huat’s 2nd affidavit, para 56.

The increased sum of $4.75m reflected a reasonable position in terms of both
quantum and interest for an unsecured loan extended more than three years ago.
75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Chua Beng Huat’s 2nd affidavit, para 71.

59 I have already explained that the sums in the Settlement Agreement were not
in themselves extravagant or unconscionable even on a triable issue basis (see
[21]–[27] above). I have gone through the prior restructured loan agreements
and found that Chua had not exerted any illegitimate pressure on the
Defendants. Hence, the Defendants’ allegations of illegitimate economic
duress, if any, must come from evidence of the events that occurred between
the Second Supplemental Agreement (September) and the Settlement Agreement.

60 I found that there was no such illegitimate economic duress to even raise a
triable issue. At this stage, Chua submitted that he had stopped communicating
directly with the Defendants. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Chua Beng Huat’s 1st affidavit, para 17.

I find this to be true. The communications exhibited by the Defendants
relating to the Settlement Agreement only contained emails between the
parties’ solicitors and Yap. Chua was not involved. Therefore, this makes it
even more unlikely that there was illegitimate economic duress at this stage,
since both parties were dealing at arms’ length with the benefit of legal
advice (see [18(c)] above). Chua had also stopped communicating directly with
the Defendants. Thus the Defendants needed to show that Chua had exerted such
illegitimate pressure through his lawyers, which was an extremely high bar.

61 No such evidence was shown. The emails that were exhibited pertained to the
Defendants’ lawyers and Chua’s lawyers negotiating over whether a term sheet
and the signed investment agreement between the Defendants and third party
investors could be disclosed to Chua’s lawyers given the sensitive nature of
the information within. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, pp 192–212.

Although Chua’s lawyers eventually had sight of the documents, the Defendants
provided no other evidence to show its effect on the Settlement Agreement. The
only other document that was exhibited by the Defendants in relation to the
Settlement Agreement was a letter from Yap to Chua’s current lawyers on 2
August 2017, stating that Yap was agreeable to provide collateral to Chua and
the Plaintiff in the form of his residence and a percentage of shares in the
Defendants’ company. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Yap Soon Guan’s 1st affidavit, p 216.

Chua submitted that he and his lawyers had never seen this letter. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Chua Beng Huat’s 2nd affidavit, paras 68–69.

Whether this letter is genuine is of no relevance here because even if it had
been sent and received, it was sent on 2 August 2017 which is after the writ
of summons was filed. It has no relevance to whether the Settlement Agreement
was entered into by illegitimate economic duress.

62 Instead, the contrary was shown by a series of messages exhibited by Chua.
In an exchange on 20 June 2017, ten days before the first tranche of $3.25m
was due under the Settlement Agreement, Yap seemed to have apologised for the
Defendants’ inability to make payment yet again. And in another message sent
on 19 July 2017, after the $3.25m was due but had not been paid, Yap
acknowledged the need to make payments in order for any further extensions to
even be considered. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Chua Beng Huat’s 2nd affidavit, p 48.

While I note that these messages were also after the Settlement Agreement had
been entered into, they are significant in that the Defendants’ attitude was
not that they had been forced into the Settlement Agreement by illegitimate
pressure amounting to illegitimate economic duress, but that they were
apologetic for their failure to meet the obligations that they had agreed
upon.

63 Accordingly, I found that there was insufficient evidence to raise even a
triable issue of illegitimate economic duress or any other triable issues.

64 Finally, I shall address a case that the Plaintiff cited, Real Estate
Consortium Pte Ltd v East Coast Properties Pte Ltd and another [2011] 2 SLR
758 (“Real Estate Consortium”). 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PBOA, Tab 5.

This case is highly relevant as the factual matrix is very similar to the
present case. The dispute in Real Estate Consortium arose from a convertible
bond agreement entered into by the plaintiff and the two defendants. The
defendants were unable to repay the principal amount and the parties entered
into negotiations. After the negotiations the parties entered into a
settlement agreement. The defendants delivered four post-dated cheques for the
amounts owed pursuant to a payment schedule in the settlement agreement, but
the defendants defaulted on three of those cheques. At the trial, the
defendants argued that they entered into the settlement agreement under
illegitimate economic duress as they were concerned with the threat of legal
proceedings allegedly made by the plaintiff.

65 Andrew Ang J found that there was not an iota of evidence of illegitimate
economic duress for the following reasons (Real Estate Consortium at
[44]–[50]):

(a) Prima facie the threat of legal action to enforce one’s legal rights is
not a wrongful threat.

(b) The defendants were the ones who initiated the offer to settle and until
the commencement of the action, the defendants had never disputed the
plaintiff’s rights under the settlement agreement. Indeed, the defendants’
actions were inconsistent with a plea of illegitimate economic duress; instead
of protesting that the settlement agreement was made under duress, the
defendants actually requested an extension of time to make the repayments.

(c) The defendants had the benefit of independent legal advice throughout the
process of negotiating the terms of the settlement.

66 All these features can be found in the present case. Furthermore, there was
not an iota of evidence of illegitimate economic duress here. The plea of
illegitimate economic duress in the present case is even weaker than Real
Estate Consortium, because the Defendants did not protest in the negotiations
of the Settlement Agreement and the various restructured loan agreements over
the long period of three years. Similarly, I found that the Defendants had not
satisfied the court that there was a triable issue of illegitimate economic
duress or any triable issue.

Conclusion

67 In summary, I dismissed the appeal against the AR’s decision and rejected
the Defendants’ plea that there was a triable issue of illegitimate economic
duress for the following reasons:

(a) The sums in the Settlement Agreement were not extravagant or
unconscionable as the Defendants were the ones who had calculated and
volunteered these sums. The sum of $3.25m that the Plaintiff claimed was also
lower than the original loan sum of $3.3m, and this figure was not contested
by the Defendants.

(b) Chua did not exert illegitimate pressure amounting to illegitimate
economic duress in the process of negotiating the loan agreements and the
Settlement Agreement. If anything, it was the Defendants who used the spectre
of non-payment to extract promises of non-litigation from Chua and the
Taiwanese lender.

(c) The Defendants had the benefit of independent legal advice. Further, at
the point of negotiating the Settlement Agreement, Chua had stopped
communicating with the Defendants directly and had done so only through his
lawyers. This made it even more unlikely that the Defendants were under
illegitimate economic duress.

68 In my view, this appeal is completely unmeritorious. It is a further
attempt by the Defendants to delay repayment of the loan to the Plaintiff.

69 I ordered fixed costs at $10,000 to the Plaintiff (inclusive of
disbursements) for RA 301. As for Summons No 4882 of 2017, which is a summons
for a stay of execution of the AR’s order, it was no longer necessary
considering the orders that I have made in RA 301. I made no costs order for
this summons.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge

Reshma Nair and Benjamin Niroshan Bala (TSMP Law Corporation) for the
plaintiff;  
Liew Teck Huat and Anand George (Niru & Co LLC) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

