Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 163

Originating Summons No 1245 of 2017

Between

| AES Façade Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Wyse Private Limited  
---|---  
(2)| Liberty Insurance Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Building and Construction Law] — [building and construction related
contracts] — [guarantees and bonds]

[Credit and security] — [performance bond] — [whether call on performance bond
was unconscionable]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
AES Façade Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Wyse Pte Ltd and another

  

[2018] SGHC 163

High Court — Originating Summons No 1245 of 2017  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
28 February 2018

20 July 2018

Lee Seiu Kin J

1 The plaintiff filed the originating summons in this case to seek an
injunction restraining the first defendant from demanding payment under a
performance bond issued by the second defendant, until the conclusion of the
ongoing arbitration proceedings between the plaintiff and the first defendant.
The main issue for determination was whether the first defendant had acted
unconscionably in making the call. After hearing submissions from both
parties, I found that the plaintiff had failed to discharge its burden of
proving that the first defendant had acted unconscionably, and I accordingly
dismissed the application. I now give the reasons for my decision.

Background facts

2 The first defendant was engaged by WyWy Development Pte Ltd (“the employer”)
as the main contractor for the proposed erection of a block of 19-storey
commercial development at 140 Robinson Road (“the Project”).

3 On 28 November 2014, the plaintiff and the first defendant entered into a
subcontract wherein the plaintiff agreed to carry out the design, supply,
installation and maintenance of the building façade works to the Project.

4 In compliance with cl 4.8 of the subcontract, the plaintiff procured from
the second defendant, an insurance company, a performance bond in favour of
the first defendant, amounting to 10% of the subcontract sum (“the Performance
Bond”). The validity of the Performance Bond was extended twice, and was at
the time of the hearing due to expire on 12 April 2018.

5 The date of completion stipulated in the main contract for the Project was
12 April 2016, but the works were only certified by the architect to be
completed on 15 November 2016. The plaintiff took the position that the works
under the subcontract were substantially completed by 12 April 2016, save for
some minor defects. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of evidence-in-chief of Tan Yvonne (“YAEIC”) dated 1 November 2017
at para 8.

6 On 25 November 2016, the plaintiff submitted a payment claim (“PC20”) in the
sum of $1,280,179.92 to the first defendant, for which the first defendant
failed to serve a payment response until 28 December 2016. It was determined
via adjudication with the Singapore Mediation Centre (AA495/2016) that the
payment response purportedly served on 28 December 2016 was out of time and as
such was invalid under s 11 of the Building and Construction Industry Security
of Payment Act (“SOPA”) (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed). The adjudicator found for the
plaintiff in the total sum of $1,077,151.37 including costs but excluding
interests. The adjudication determination was dated 17 February 2017 and
served on the parties on the same day.

7 The plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to the first defendant on 21 February 2017
to demand payment of the adjudication amount. The first defendant refused to
pay on the ground that it was entitled to set-off certain sums owed. The
plaintiff’s solicitors issued another letter on 24 February 2017 demanding
payment, following which they applied for and obtained an enforcement order
for the first defendant to pay the sums awarded under the adjudication
determination (“the enforcement order”). The enforcement order was obtained on
28 February 2017 and served on the first defendant on 3 March 2017.

8 The first defendant commenced arbitration proceedings against the plaintiff
on 3 March 2017 by filing a notice of arbitration for the sum of $1.55m in
liquidated damages for late completion of the subcontract. The arbitration
proceedings were still pending at the time of the hearing.

9 The first defendant also filed an application on 17 March 2017 to set aside
the enforcement order. The application was dismissed after the hearing on 24
May 2017, and on 8 June 2017 the plaintiff received $1,072,519.20 which was
the sum that the first defendant had paid into court. There was further
correspondence after this point as to whether the first defendant was liable
for further payments of interest. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

YAEIC at para 25.

10 On 2 October 2017, by way of a letter to the second defendant, the first
defendant made a demand for immediate payment under the Performance Bond for
the full guaranteed sum of $496,500.00. Taking the position that the first
defendant was not entitled to make a call on the Performance Bond, the
plaintiff applied for and obtained an interim injunction on an ex parte basis
pending the disposal of this present application for an injunction. It is the
legitimacy of this call on the Performance Bond that forms the crux of the
present dispute.

Parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s case

11 The plaintiff’s position was essentially that the circumstances leading to
the first defendant’s call on the Performance Bond were such that the call was
unfair and oppressive, and as such it should be restrained on grounds of
unconscionability. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions (“PWS”) at para 10.

12 The plaintiff argued that the call on the Performance Bond was an unfair
attempt to “claw back” the monies paid out following the adjudication
determination, and relied on the abruptness of the first defendant’s call on
the Performance Bond some 19 months after the contractual completion date of
12 April 2016, 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PWS at paras 31–32.

and the fact that the first defendant had resisted payment of the amount in
PC20 until all avenues were exhausted. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PWS at paras 35–40.

The plaintiff also submitted that the first defendant’s conduct was premised
on the improper purpose of limiting the plaintiff’s cash flow, and as such
undermined the purpose behind the SOPA. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

PWS at paras 41–42.

Further, the plaintiff also characterised the first defendant’s call as an
attempt to circumvent the pending arbitration proceedings by recovering
approximately one-third of the arbitration claim amount prior to the hearing.
7

##### Foot Note 7

×

PWS at paras 43–47.

Lastly, the plaintiff also argued that the first defendant’s call was
unconscionable as the first defendant had failed to give evidence of it having
suffered genuine loss. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

PWS at paras 48–53.

The first defendant’s case

13 Unsurprisingly, the first defendant took the opposite stance that the
circumstances were not sufficient to justify a finding of unconscionability.
It relied on case law stating that the threshold for a finding of
unconscionability is a high one, since the performance bond represents a
contractually bargained allocation of risk that courts should be slow to
disturb. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

First defendant’s writing submissions (“DWS”) at paras 16–21.

14 In counter to the plaintiff’s arguments, the first defendant submitted that
it is not necessary for a party to prove its claim before calling on a
performance bond, as the nature of an unconditional bond was such that it was
a substitute for cash security deposit. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

DWS at paras 37–38.

The first defendant pointed to the fact that it has consistently asserted its
claim for liquidated damages since August 2016, such as via set-off against
prior progress payments to the plaintiff, to show that its claim for
liquidated damages was a bona fide one. According to the first defendant, it
had chosen to make the call on the Performance Bond after having considered
the plaintiff’s defence and counterclaim filed on 22 September 2017 in the
arbitration proceedings, and that it is not obliged to explain its legal
strategy for doing so. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

DWS at para 44.

15 The first defendant also denied that it had behaved in an unfair or
oppressive manner, and argued that what the plaintiff characterised as
obstructionist conduct in avoiding payment of the adjudication amount was
merely an assertion of the first defendant’s contractual right of set-off. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

DWS at para 50.

In any case, the adjudication determination pertained to the narrow issue of
the first defendant’s failure to submit a payment response to PC20 in time,
and should not affect the rights and obligations of parties on other issues
not adjudicated upon. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

DWS at paras 47–48.

In fact, the first defendant suggested that it was the plaintiff who behaved
unfairly in seizing upon the first defendant’s inadvertent failure to submit a
timely payment response to PC20 over the Christmas period in 2016, and that
the plaintiff had not challenged the first defendant’s claim for liquidated
damages in its earlier payment responses. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

DWS at paras 54–55.

The legal principles

16 It is now settled law in Singapore, and parties did not dispute this, that
a call on a performance bond can be restrained on the basis that it was
unconscionable. In the case of BS Mount Sophia Pte Ltd v Join-Am Pte Ltd
[2012] 3 SLR 352 (“Mount Sophia”), the Court of Appeal established various
guiding principles on the circumstances under which a finding of
unconscionability can be made, which principles shall be summarised here
briefly. Mount Sophia similarly involved the call on an on-demand performance
bond in advance of an arbitration hearing on liquidated damages for late
completion of construction works.

17 Whereas the boundaries of unconscionability cannot and should not be
precisely delineated (Mount Sophia at [35]–[38]), it is generally
uncontroversial that the concept covers acts involving abuse, unfairness and
dishonesty (Mount Sophia at [19], GHL Pte Ltd v Unitrack Building Construction
Pte Ltd [1999] 3 SLR(R) 44). It has also been said that unconscionable conduct
is “conduct of a kind so reprehensible or lacking in good faith that a court
of conscience would either restrain the party or refuse to assist the party”
(Raymond Construction Pte Ltd v Low Yang Tong [1996] SGHC 136 at [5]). It is
clear that unconscionability would extend to facts not amounting to a finding
of fraud, and as such is broader than the notion of fraud (Mount Sophia at
[23]). That being said, it has also been cautioned that whilst unfairness is
an important consideration in establishing whether there is unconscionability,
not every instance of unfairness would amount to unconscionability (Eltraco
International Pte Ltd v CGH Development Pte Ltd [2000] 3 SLR(R) 198
(“Eltraco”) at [30]). Further, the existence of genuine disputes between the
parties is not sufficient per se to constitute unconscionability (Mount Sophia
at [42], Eltraco at [32], LQS Construction Pte Ltd v Mencast Marine Pte Ltd
and another [2018] 3 SLR 404 at [32]).

18 Apart from the factors that might justify a finding of unconscionability,
it is also important to keep in mind the threshold for establishing its
existence. It is undeniable on the one hand that abusive and oppressive calls
may result not only in the beneficiary (in this case the first defendant)
gaining an undeserved windfall but also severely curtail the liquidity of the
obligor (here the plaintiff), and that this would have considerable adverse
consequences for players in the construction industry (Mount Sophia at [27],
JBE Properties Pte Ltd v Gammon Pte Ltd [2011] 2 SLR 47 (“JBE”) at [11]). On
the other hand, courts should also be slow to disturb the allocation of risk
bargained for by commercially-minded parties, particularly since the nature of
the performance bond might have been reflected in the bid price or other
contractual terms (Mount Sophia at [25], Eltraco at [30]). The settled law,
having regard to these competing interests, is one that strikes the necessary
balance by requiring a strong prima facie case of unconscionability before the
threshold for curial intervention is met. In this regard, the Court of
Appeal’s observations in Mount Sophia at [20]–[21] bear repeating:

Simply put, the threshold is a high one, and the burden that the applicant has
to discharge is to demonstrate a strong prima facie case of unconscionability
[…] When determining if a strong prima facie case has been made out, the
entire context of the case must be thoroughly considered, and it is only if
the entire context of the case is particularly malodorous that such an
injunction should be granted. We must emphasise that the courts’ discretion to
grant such injunctions must be sparingly exercised and it should not be an
easy thing for an applicant to establish a strong prima facie case.

19 Lastly, it should be kept in mind that a court hearing an application to
restrain the call on a performance bond is not obliged to undertake a
protracted examination of the merits of the case or to decide on substantive
entitlements of the parties to enforce their rights, but rather that it should
consider whether the overall tenor and context of the parties’ conduct point
to a strong prima facie case of unconscionability (Mount Sophia at [40]).

My decision

Nature of the Performance Bond

20 Although the parties appear to be largely in agreement as to the nature of
the Performance Bond, I propose nonetheless to deal with this issue briefly,
as a proper evaluation of the parties’ rights and obligations thereunder would
assist in the assessment of whether the first defendant had acted
unconscionably.

21 In this regard, it is clear that the construction of the terms and nature
of an instrument such as the Performance Bond depends not on the label adopted
by the parties but the substance of the rights and obligations established by
its terms. The following quote from JBE at [17], cited with approval by the
Court of Appeal in Mount Sophia (at [3]), is instructive:

The threshold question for the purposes of ascertaining the nature of the Bond
is whether, on a true construction of that instrument, the Bank was liable to
pay on demand, or only later, upon proof of breach by [the contractor-obligor]
and loss by [the employer-beneficiary]. The construction process looks to the
substance of the parties’ rights and obligations under the Bond; the label
adopted by the parties is inconclusive.

22 In the present case, the relevant terms of the Performance Bond, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

YAEIC at [TAB 3].

which was addressed from the second defendant to the first defendant, are as
follows:

In consideration of the Main Contractor insisting [sic] on the Sub-Contractor
paying ten (10) percent of the total commission award under the Sub-contract
as a guarantee for the said Sub-contract, we (at the request of the Sub-
Contractor) hereby agree as follows:

1\. We unconditionally and irrevocably undertake, covenant and firmly bind
ourselves to pay in full forthwith upon demand in writing to pay any sum
without any reason or sums that may from time to time as demanded by the Main
Contractor up to a maximum aggregate sum of SINGAPORE DOLLARS FOUR HUNDRED
NINETY SIX THOUSAND AND FIVE HUNDRED ONLY (S$496,500.00) (“the Guaranteed
Sum”)

2\. This guarantee is conditional upon a claim or direction as specified
herein being made by you by way of a notice in writing addressed to us via ‘AR
Registered Post’ at […]

[…]

6\. We shall be obliged to effect payment required under such a claim or
direction immediately upon receipt thereof. We shall be under no duty to
inquire into the reasons, circumstances or authenticity of the grounds for
such claim or direction.

[emphasis added]

23 It is patently clear from the terms above that the Performance Bond was
intended to be unconditional, in that the first defendant is entitled to
payment upon demand, and the second defendant is not obliged to inquire into
the circumstances underlying the demand. Even though there is a reference in
the recital portion of the Performance Bond to the underlying subcontract
between the first defendant and the plaintiff, this clearly does not suffice
to incorporate any conditions that may exist in that subcontract into the
present Performance Bond (see Bocotra Construction Pte Ltd and others v
Attorney-General [1995] 2 SLR(R) 262 at [22]–[26]). Hence, the first defendant
is not expressly required to establish any breach on the part of the plaintiff
before calling on the Performance Bond, although this does not preclude the
court from restraining the call if it is unconscionable (Eltraco at [16]).

Was the call on the Performance Bond unconscionable?

24 Having considered the submissions of both parties, I found that the
plaintiff has not proven a strong prima facie case of unconscionability on the
first defendant’s part.

25 Whereas the plaintiff took pains to emphasise that the call was made almost
two years after the completion of the contracted works and that this showed
the call to be “radical and drastic”, it is clear that the first defendant had
consistently asserted its right to liquidated damages for late completion
during this period, and that the call on the Performance Bond was merely the
latest step taken in a series of conduct aimed at recuperating in part the
losses that the first defendant might have incurred from the late completion.
Given the unconditional nature of the Performance Bond, the fact that the
plaintiff denied having been in breach of its stipulated contractual
completion date amounts at most to a genuine dispute between parties which
cannot justify a finding of unconscionability per se.

26 The plaintiff argued that the call was abusive as it was a retaliatory
attempt by the first defendant to “claw back” the amount paid to the plaintiff
pursuant to the adjudication determination, after the first defendant failed
to set aside the enforcement order on 24 May 2017. I was not convinced that
the first defendant’s decision to make the call some five months after the
court order of 24 May 2017 lends much support to the plaintiff’s argument.
Whereas the plaintiff painted a picture of the first defendant consistently
withholding payment of sums owed and acting in an uncooperative manner, I did
not think that the totality of the evidence presented before me supported this
depiction.

27 The first defendant’s explanation for the timing of the call was that it
had chosen to call after assessing the plaintiff’s defence filed in the
arbitration proceedings. It is not for this court to assess whether or not
this was a prudent or reasonable legal strategy – I was convinced that this
was a plausible reason for the timing of the call which would go towards
debunking the plaintiff’s allegation that the call could only have been made
in bad faith.

28 The plaintiff’s argument that the first defendant’s untimely call would
effectively circumvent the existing arbitration proceedings is similarly
untenable. Given the nature of the Performance Bond, there is no obligation
for the first defendant to stay its hands until the dispute is disposed of via
arbitration – in fact doing so would very much defeat the purpose of the
Performance Bond, which was presumably contracted for so that the first
defendant had the option of having some cash in hand without first having to
prove its case for damages before a court or tribunal. As such, the mere fact
that the call took place prior to any arbitral award cannot constitute
unfairness. Whereas the plaintiff had asserted repeatedly during the course of
the hearing that it is an under-capitalised “small player” in the construction
industry, there was no evidence that it would be prevented from mounting a
defence in the ongoing arbitration proceedings by virtue of the call.

29 The plaintiff had also argued that the first defendant’s call was
unconscionable as it has not shown that it has suffered loss, citing Eltraco
as authority. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PWS at paras 19–21.

The plaintiff’s argument and reliance on Eltraco however is flawed. In
Eltraco, the Court of Appeal faced an appeal against a partial restraint of a
call on a performance bond, and further reduced the amount of the bond called
such that the amount was not unconscionable, having regard to progress
payments already made and losses actually suffered. Hence, Eltraco stands for
the proposition that a court in exercising its equitable jurisdiction of
restraining a call on a performance bond on the ground of unconscionability is
entitled to limit the restraint to only that part of the call that was clearly
excessive. In other words, the nature of the equitable jurisdiction is not
such that the court must either restrain the call completely or not at all,
and the quantum of loss is a relevant factor in the assessment of whether a
call should be restrained. The plaintiff however erroneously extrapolated from
this proposition to argue that a beneficiary must first provide evidence of
actual loss suffered before being entitled to call a performance bond in the
first place, which is clearly an entirely different proposition. The mere fact
that parties are in disagreement as to losses suffered cannot mean that the
call was unconscionable (see above at [25]). In the present case, I have also
considered the fact that the plaintiff had received full payment for sums owed
under the subcontract, as well as the fact that an independent architect had
certified the date of completion of the works and that the first defendant is
liable to the employer for liquidated damages. All of these pointed to the
fact that the first defendant made the call in order to recuperate liquidated
damages which it legitimately believed to be owing, and was not motivated by
any improper purpose or bad faith.

Conclusion

30 Having regard to the foregoing factors, I found that the plaintiff failed
to discharge its burden to prove a strong prima facie case that the first
defendant had made the call on the Performance Bond unconscionably. As such, I
declined to exercise my jurisdiction to restrain the call, and thus dismissed
the plaintiff’s application and discharged the interim injunction.

31 Costs here and before were fixed at $12,000 including disbursements.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

De Vaz Ian Marc Rosario, Tay Bing Wei and Chek Xinwei Liana (WongPartnership
LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Philip Antony Jeyaretnam SC, Melissa Thng Huilin and Amogh Nallan Chakravarti
(Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the first defendant;  
The second defendant unrepresented

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

