Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 136

Criminal Case No 91 of 2017

Between

|  Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

|  BQW  
---|---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal law] — [Offences] — [Sexual assault by penetration]

[Criminal procedure and sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Sexual assault by
penetration]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

BQW

[2018] SGHC 136

High Court — Criminal Case No 91 of 2017  
Woo Bih Li J  
7, 14 May 2018

4 June 2018

Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 The accused, BQW, committed multiple sexual offences against the
granddaughter (“the Victim”) of the boss of the restaurant which employed him
as a delivery driver. The abuses started sometime in September 2015 and
continued over a span of nearly 15 months. When the first offence was
committed, the Victim was seven years old and BQW was 57 years old. BQW faced
the following charges:

1st charge | On the first occasion sometime in September 2015, in the office rest area of [the Restaurant], Singapore, did penetrate, with your finger, the vagina of [the Victim], a girl then under 14 years of age, without her consent, and you have thereby committed an offence under [s 376(2)(a)] and punishable under [s 376(4)(b)] of the [Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the PC”)].   
---|---  
2nd charge| On the 2nd occasion sometime between September 2015 and December
2015, in the office rest area of [the Restaurant], Singapore, did penetrate,
with your finger, the vagina of [the Victim], a female then under 14 years of
age, without her consent, and you have thereby committed an offence under [s
376(2)(a)] and punishable under [s 376(4)(b)] of the [PC].  
3rd charge | On the 3rd occasion sometime between September 2015 and December 2015, in the office rest area of [the Restaurant], Singapore, did penetrate, with your finger, the vagina of [the Victim], a female then under 14 years of age, without her consent, and you have thereby committed an offence under [s 376(2)(a)] and punishable under [s 376(4)(b)] of the [PC].   
4th charge | On the 4th occasion sometime between September 2015 and December 2015, in the office rest area of [the Restaurant], Singapore, did commit an obscene act with [the Victim], a female then under 14 years of age, to wit, by pulling down her pants, kissing and licking her vagina, and you have thereby committed an offence under [s 7(a)] of the [Children and Young Persons Act (Cap 38, 2001 Rev Ed) (“CYPA”)].   
5th charge | On the 5th occasion sometime between September 2015 and December 2015, in the office rest area of [the Restaurant], Singapore, did commit an obscene act with [the Victim], a female then under 14 years of age, to wit, by exposing your penis and causing [the Victim] to touch your penis, and you have thereby committed an offence under [s 7(a)] of the [CYPA].   
6th charge | Sometime between February 2016 and March 2016, inside [the Restaurant] delivery van bearing registration number [XXX] which was parked at the carpark of [XXX], Singapore, did commit an obscene act with [the Victim], a female then under 14 years of age, to wit, by pulling down her pants, kissing and licking her vagina, and you have thereby committed an offence under [s 7(a)] of the [CYPA].   
7th charge| On the [first] occasion sometime between June 2016 and December
2016, at Block [XXX], Singapore, did penetrate, with your finger, the vagina
of [the Victim], a female then under 14 years of age, without her consent, and
you have thereby committed an offence under [s 376(2)(a)] and punishable under
[s 376(4)(b)] of the [PC].  
8th charge| On the 2nd occasion sometime between June 2016 and December 2016,
at Block [XXX], Singapore, did penetrate, with your finger, the vagina of [the
Victim], a female then under 14 years of age, without her consent, and you
have thereby committed an offence under [s 376(2)(a)] and punishable under [s
376(4)(b)] of the [PC].  
9th charge | On the 3rd occasion sometime between June 2016 and December 2016, at Block [XXX], Singapore, did penetrate, with your finger, the vagina of [the Victim], a female then under 14 years of age, without her consent, and you have thereby committed an offence under [s 376(2)(a)] and punishable under [s 376(4)(b)] of the [PC].   
10th charge | On the 4th occasion sometime between June 2016 and December 2016, at Block [XXX], Singapore, did commit an obscene act with [the Victim], a female then under 14 years of age, to wit, by licking her breasts, exposing your penis and causing [the Victim] to touch your penis, and you have thereby committed an offence under [s 7(a)] of the [CYPA].   
11th charge | On 5 December 2016, sometime between 2.50pm and 5.00pm, at Block [XXX], Singapore, did exhibit an obscene object, to wit, a pornographic video on your handphone to [the Victim], a female then under 21 years of age, and you have thereby committed an offence under [s 293] of the [PC].  
12th charge | On 5 December 2016, sometime between 2.50pm and 5.00pm, at Block [XXX], Singapore, did penetrate, with your finger, the vagina of [the Victim], a female then under 14 years of age, without her consent, and you have thereby committed an offence under [s 376(2)(a)] and punishable under [s 376(4)(b)] of the [PC].  
  
2 The Prosecution proceeded with the 1st, 7th and 12th charges. BQW pleaded
guilty to them. He admitted to the Statement of Facts without qualification. I
accepted his plea of guilt and convicted him on each of the 1st, 7th and 12th
charges. He also consented to the remaining charges being taken into
consideration for the purpose of sentencing.

3 The punishment for an offence under s 376(2)(a) of the PC is set out in s
376(4)(b) of the PC which states:

(4) Whoever —

…

(b) commits an offence under subsection (1) or (2) against a person (B) who is
under 14 years of age,

shall be punished with imprisonment for a term of not less than 8 years and
not more than 20 years and shall also be punished with caning with not less
than 12 strokes.

4 After hearing the submissions on sentencing, I sentenced BQW to 10 years’
imprisonment for each of the 1st, 7th and 12th charges. Pursuant to s 307(1)
of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”), I ordered the
sentences of imprisonment for the 1st and 7th charges to run consecutively and
the sentence for the 12th charge to run concurrently with that for the 1st
charge. The sentence of imprisonment for the 1st charge was to commence from
12 December 2016 being the date on which BQW was remanded. Therefore, the
aggregate sentence of imprisonment was 20 years. No caning was ordered as BQW
was more than 50 years old.

5 The Prosecution has filed an appeal against my decision on sentence.

Background to the offences

6 Sometime in 2006, BQW was hired by the Victim’s father to work as a delivery
driver of the restaurant which was owned by the paternal grandfather of the
Victim. BQW drove the company van. He became trusted and the family of the
owner and the children treated him like an uncle or grandfather.

7 Prior to June 2016, the Victim lived with her family at the residence of the
grandfather. He would often bring his grandchildren to the restaurant. BQW
would treat the Victim and her younger sisters like his own daughters and buy
toys and sweets for them, though he was always reimbursed by the grandfather.
BQW was observed by the family to be particularly close to the Victim.

8 In June 2016, following a fallout between the Victim’s father and
grandfather, the Victim’s family moved out of the grandfather’s residence to
her parents’ residence. BQW became the trusted link between the estranged
families. The grandfather sought BQW’s assistance to bring household items and
food to the parents’ residence. Sometimes BQW visited them on his own accord.
Thus, BQW visited the Victim at least once a week.

9 The Victim described BQW as her best friend and an uncle who gave her gifts.
A colleague of BQW observed that the Victim appeared to lack attention from
her father and step-mother and she would be very happy whenever she saw BQW.

Facts pertaining to the 1st charge

10 The first offence occurred sometime in September 2015. During the school
holidays, the Victim went to the restaurant with her grandparents. She was
studying in Primary One and was seven years old.

11 BQW was in the storeroom near the office area. The office rest area was
located in an obscure corner behind the office area. When a colleague of BQW
left the office area, BQW brought the Victim into the office rest area to
play. He knew there was no CCTV camera inside the office rest area and no one
else was around. He closed the door of the office rest area.

12 After the two had played together for a while, BQW sat on a sofa inside the
office rest area. The Victim sat on BQW’s lap and he became sexually aroused.
He put his left hand into the front of her panties and inserted his middle
finger into her vagina. He digitally penetrated her vagina for a few seconds.
The Victim felt uncomfortable and shifted her body around in order to stop
BQW’s action. As the Victim kept moving her body, BQW eventually removed his
hand. He instructed the Victim not to tell anyone as this was their secret.
BQW then left to continue with his work while the Victim remained in the
office area.

Facts relating to the 7th charge

13 After the Victim and her immediate family had moved out of the residence of
the grandfather, BQW visited the Victim sometime between June and December
2016 at her home bringing some sweets for her. She was about eight years old
then. A domestic helper and the Victim’s sibling who was a toddler were also
at home.

14 BQW was sitting on a sofa in the living room to watch television when the
Victim finished her shower and meal. The Victim sat on BQW’s lap. When the
Victim leaned on BQW, he became sexually aroused. In the meantime, the toddler
was sitting on the floor in the living room watching television and the
domestic helper was cooking in the kitchen.

15 BQW seized the opportunity and put his left hand into the front of the
Victim’s panties and inserted his middle finger into her vagina. He digitally
penetrated her vagina for a few seconds. The Victim started to shift her body
around. BQW stopped and took out his hand when the domestic helper came into
the living room.

Facts relating to the 12th charge

16 On 5 December 2016, BQW went to the Victim’s home at about 2.50pm to
deliver a baby cot. The Victim was eight years old. The toddler and the
domestic helper were at home.

17 After placing the baby cot in the living room, BQW sat on the sofa. The
domestic helper saw BQW make the Victim sit on his left and place his left arm
around her. The domestic helper was seated at the dining table opposite the
sofa, about two to three metres away. She was facing the main door and not the
sofa.

18 BQW played a pornographic video (of an adult female and male engaging in
sexual intercourse) on his mobile phone and showed it to the Victim. After a
while, the Victim told BQW she did not want to continue watching it. After
showing the video for a while more, BQW switched off the video and put the
phone into his pocket.

19 BQW felt sexually aroused. He put his left hand into the front of the
Victim’s panties. He inserted his left middle finger into the Victim’s vagina.
The Victim closed her thighs as she felt uncomfortable, but BQW continued to
digitally penetrate her.

20 At about that time, the domestic helper turned her head and saw BQW’s left
hand inside the tights which the Victim was wearing. She also heard the Victim
saying, “Uncle, stop it”. She saw the act of BQW for a few more seconds before
BQW removed his hand. He was unaware that the domestic helper had seen what he
had done. He left at about 5.00pm.

The police report

21 After BQW left, the domestic helper asked the Victim what had happened. The
Victim started to cry and told the helper what BQW had done. The domestic
helper brought the matter to the attention of the Victim’s grandfather.

22 Three days later, on 8 December 2016, the Victim’s family members brought
her to a police centre to lodge a police report stating that she was “molested
by one male/Chinese”. Thereafter, BQW was arrested and his mobile phone seized
for forensic examination.

The submissions

23 The Prosecution submitted that general deterrence was the predominant
consideration and specific deterrence was also pertinent. The Prosecution also
submitted that in view of many aggravating factors, the case came within the
upper reaches of Band 2 as set out in the decision of the Court of Appeal in
Pram Nair v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 1015 (“Pram Nair”). This meant that
an appropriate sentence for each of the three charges was 14 to 15 years’
imprisonment. Pursuant to s 307(1) of the CPC, two of the terms of
imprisonment must run consecutively. Hence, the aggregate would be at least 28
years’ imprisonment. Notwithstanding the age of BQW, the Prosecution submitted
that an aggregate of at least 28 years’ imprisonment would not be crushing.
The Prosecution also pointed out that as BQW was more than 50 years of age, he
would not be caned. Furthermore, the Prosecution pointed out that to ensure
that the punishment was not crushing, it had refrained from urging the court
to impose an additional term of imprisonment in lieu of caning under s 325(2)
of the CPC.

24 The Defence submitted that the Prosecution had proceeded on three of the
most serious charges presented against the Accused. It submitted that an
aggregate sentence of at least 28 years would be crushing.

25 The Defence accepted that the Victim was young and “there possibly could
have been an abuse of trust” (see: para 24 of Mitigation Plea and Submissions
on Sentence). However, it distinguished the present case from other cases
where the trust arose from a family relationship. Also, BQW had not been a
personal family friend. Nor was he employed in a position of trust. There was
no violence. BQW had no similar criminal antecedents and had pleaded guilty.

26 Accordingly, the Defence submitted that an appropriate sentence for each
offence would be 10 years’ imprisonment with an aggregate sentence of 20
years’ imprisonment. The Defence’s submission of 10 years for each offence was
at the lowest end of Band 2 or the highest end of Band 1 in Pram Nair.

27 As mentioned above at [4], I sentenced BQW to 10 years’ imprisonment for
each offence with an aggregate sentence of 20 years. The Prosecution has filed
an appeal against my decision on sentence.

The court’s reasons

28 In Pram Nair, the Court of Appeal said that there is an intelligible
difference between penile penetration of the vagina and digital penetration of
the vagina. The former was more serious. Adopting the framework in Ng Kean
Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 (“Terence Ng”), the Court of
Appeal in Pram Nair set out three sentencing bands for the offence of sexual
penetration of the vagina using a finger:

(a) Band 1: 7 to 10 years’ imprisonment and 4 strokes of the cane;

(b) Band 2: 10 to 15 years’ imprisonment and 8 strokes of the cane;

(c) Band 3: 15 to 20 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

29 In Terence Ng, the Court of Appeal had also set out three sentencing bands
but these were for the sentence of the more serious offence of rape involving
penile penetration of the vagina. Hence the range of sentences in each band
there was higher than those set out in Pram Nair.

30 It was not disputed that deterrence was an important consideration in the
circumstances before this court. I agreed that general deterrence was more
important but specific deterrence was still relevant. Although BQW would have
advanced in age after he served his sentence, a strong signal had to be sent
to him never to repeat his deviant conduct. Retribution was also a relevant
principle.

31 In Terence Ng, the Court of Appeal said that a sentencing court should
adopt a two-step approach. The first was to consider the offence-specific
factors and the second was to consider the offender-specific factors. I add
that in Terence Ng, the Court of Appeal also said that the three bands of
sentences stated there were for contested cases. It seems that, likewise, the
three bands of sentences stated in Pram Nair were also for contested cases.
Hence, a discount could be given where an accused person had pleaded guilty.

32 I come now to the offence-specific factors. I would say at the outset that
generally I agreed with the Prosecution about the existence of some
aggravating factors. However, I differed on the weight to be given for reasons
which I elaborate below.

33 In this connection, I would mention that on 17 April 2018, I delivered my
Grounds of Decision in PP v BMR [2018] SGHC 89 (“BMR”). Although the charges
on which the accused there was convicted pertained to statutory rape involving
penile penetration of the vagina and not digital penetration, that case was
still useful as I had also considered various aggravating factors there
similar in nature to those in the case before me now, but where the gravity
was more serious as I elaborate later. BMR was therefore useful as a
comparison of the aggravating factors, although I should mention that the
accused in BMR is appealing against my decision on sentence while the
Prosecution did not appeal.

34 First, the vulnerability of the Victim was especially important. Here the
offences commenced when she was seven. In BMR, the offences commenced when the
victim was eight.

35 Second, there was an element of an abuse of trust. However, as the Defence
had submitted, there was no family relationship between BQW and the Victim. In
BMR, the accused was the step-father of the victim.

36 BQW was also not in an occupation of trust like a teacher or coach or a
lawyer or doctor. As the Defence submitted, he was not employed as a personal
assistant of the father or grandfather of the Victim. Nevertheless, there was
still an element of trust as he had been working for a number of years for the
grandfather’s business and had come to be trusted. While there was no family
relationship he was treated like a grandfather or uncle of the Victim and he
was particularly close to the Victim.

37 Accordingly, it was important to bear in mind that there are different
levels of trust.

38 Third, the offences had been committed over a period of about 15 months.
This, according to the Prosecution, showed that BQW was a persistent and
recalcitrant offender. While 15 months was not a short period and was an
aggravating factor, it was not as long as the period of offending in BMR which
was about four years.

39 Fourth, not only was there an absence of consent in law, there was in fact
no consent given by the Victim.

40 Fifth, there was some planning by BQW in the sense that most, if not all,
of these acts were not committed on the spur of the moment, although they fell
short of premeditation. The Prosecution submitted that there was evidence of
premeditation, but there was no evidence that BQW had planned to take
advantage of and abuse the Victim right from the beginning. There was also no
evidence that he deliberately volunteered to look after the Victim or to bring
items to her new home after she moved out of the grandfather’s residence
knowing that it was likely that he would have the opportunity to sexually
abuse her. However, it seemed that over time, he realised that he could abuse
her and did do so. This was not a case where he impulsively abused her and
then refrained from repeating his misconduct. He must have realised that he
would have opportunities to do so and when the opportunities came, he seized
them.

41 Sixth, he committed other sexual abuse against the Victim such as the acts
of sexual abuse as stated in the 4th, 5th, 6th and 10th charges. These were
among the charges taken into consideration for sentencing. Fortunately, he did
not penetrate her mouth with his penis or ask her to fellate him. In BMR,
there were both penile and digital penetration of the victim’s vagina and
penile penetration of the victim’s mouth.

42 As for the Prosecution’s argument about moral corruption when BQW showed
the Victim a pornographic video, this was already the subject of the 11th
charge which was taken into consideration for sentencing. As this was no more
serious than the other acts of sexual abuse mentioned above under the sixth
factor, I considered this misconduct under the sixth factor instead of
treating it as an additional aggravating factor.

43 As for the harm caused to the Victim this was not an additional aggravating
factor as there was no harm beyond that that is usually associated with the
offences in question. As I mentioned in BMR at [32]:

...[T]he point that the CA [in Terence Ng] was making was that where there are
especially serious physical or mental effects on the victim such as pregnancy,
the transmission of a serious disease or psychiatric illness, that is a
serious aggravating factor. The physical and emotional harm caused to a victim
of rape is what already causes the offence to be a very serious one. However,
that harm should not then be used as an aggravating factor as that would be
giving that harm double weight. Thus, in Public Prosecutor v Ong Soon Heng
[2018] SGHC 58, Aedit Abdullah J said, at [154], that there needs to be a
relatively severe state of psychological or physical harm for the court to
find that there is an additional offence-specific aggravating factor.

44 As for the Defence’s argument that no violence was used, this was not a
mitigating factor. Given the very young age of the Victim, it was not
necessary for BQW to resort to violence.

45 As can be seen, the aggravating factors in the present case before me were
not as severe as those in BMR. There, I considered the accused’s conduct to
fall within the middle to upper reaches of Band 2 for offences of penile
penetration of the vagina.

46 In the present case before me, I was of the view that the offence-specific
factors fell within the low to mid-range of Band 2 for offences of digital
penetration of the vagina. Band 2 is between 10 and 15 years of imprisonment.
A low to mid-range was somewhere between 10 and 12 and a half years of
imprisonment. Thus, 11 years and three months of imprisonment seemed
appropriate as a starting point.

47 As for the offender-specific factors, there was no additional aggravating
factors over and above those already considered above.

48 I add that BQW’s age was neither an aggravating nor mitigating factor.
While the Defence stressed that BQW had not slept on the same bed with his
wife for over 20 years and had instead been living at his friend’s residence,
I was of the view that this was not a mitigating factor.

49 This brings me to BQW’s plea of guilt. The Prosecution submitted that it
had already accounted for the plea of guilt when it sought a sentence of 14 to
15 years of imprisonment for each charge. To ensure that the aggregate
punishment was not crushing (since at least two sentences would run
consecutively), the Prosecution said that it had refrained from urging the
court to impose an additional term of imprisonment in lieu of caning.

50 I was of the view that the correct approach was to consider first whether
an additional term of imprisonment should be imposed in lieu of caning. The
Prosecution did not identify any factor to support the imposition of such an
additional term. In addition, the offences which BQW pleaded guilty to carried
a long minimum term of imprisonment (of eight years): see Amin bin Abdullah v
PP [2017] 5 SLR 904 at [69]. I saw no reason to impose an additional term of
imprisonment in lieu of caning.

51 Therefore, even though an additional term of imprisonment was not to be
imposed in lieu of caning, some discount should be given for the plea of
guilt. The Prosecution accepted that BQW had demonstrated a degree of remorse
by pleading guilty. I was also of the view that in any event, his plea of
guilt meant that the Victim did not have to testify and the resources of the
state for a trial were saved. In the circumstances, I applied a discount to
reduce the sentence from the starting point of 11 years and three months to 10
years’ imprisonment for each charge.

52 I also took into account the fact that two of the sentences would run
consecutively and BQW’s age. I further took into account the availability of
remission for good behaviour as did the Court of Appeal in PP v UI [2008] 4
SLR(R) 500 at [78]. I was of the view that an aggregate sentence of 20 years
of imprisonment was not crushing and, indeed, the Defence had submitted that
such an aggregate sentence was appropriate. I was also of the view that such
an aggregate sentence was just in the circumstances.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge

David Khoo and N K Anitha (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;  
Wee Hong Shern (Ong & Co LLC) for the Accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

