Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

IN THE SINGAPORE INTERNATIONAL COMMERCIAL COURT OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2018] SGHC(I) 03

Suit No 2 of 2016 (Summons No 5 of 2018)

Between

| BNP Paribas SA  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Jacob Agam  
---|---  
(2)| Ruth Agam  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Rules of Court] — [Singapore International Commercial
Court] — [Offshore case]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BNP Paribas SA

  

v

  

Jacob Agam and another

[2018] SGHC(I) 03

Singapore International Commercial Court — Suit No 2 of 2016 (Summons No 5 of
2018)  
Vivian Ramsey IJ  
5 March 2018

15 March 2018

Vivian Ramsey IJ:

Introduction

1 The Plaintiff is a private bank incorporated in France and conducts business
in Singapore through its Singapore-registered branch. The Defendants are
brother and sister and are Israeli nationals. The Defendants were customers of
the Plaintiff’s subsidiary company, BNP Paribas Wealth Management (“BNPWM”),
prior to BNPWM’s merger with the Plaintiff on 1 October 2016.

2 On 27 November 2015, BNPWM commenced an action in the Singapore High Court
against the Defendants for recovery of €17,113,889.93 and €12,988,922.66,
which was claimed to be due and owing by them jointly and severally as
personal guarantors pursuant to two Personal Guarantees provided to BNPWM
(“Personal Guarantees”) as security for loans provided to SCI Ruth Agam and
Det Internationale, companies owned by the Defendants (“the Companies”),
pursuant to two Facility Agreements.

3 On 5 April 2016, the proceedings were transferred to the Singapore
International Commercial Court (“SICC”). Directions were given which led to a
hearing in August 2017. The SICC issued its judgment on 17 November 2017 (“the
Judgment”), finding for the Plaintiff and awarding the claimed amounts plus
interest, and dismissing a counterclaim by the First Defendant (see BNP
Paribas SA v Jacob Agam and another [2018] 3 SLR 1).

4 On 13 December 2017, the Defendants appealed against the Judgment to the
Court of Appeal. In doing so, they also filed an offshore case declaration
dated 5 December 2017 (“the Declaration”). In response to the Declaration, the
Plaintiff then filed the present application on 24 January 2018 (“the
Application”), pursuant to O 110 r 37(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2014 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) for a declaration that this action is not or is no
longer an offshore case, and that, consequently, the Declaration would cease
to have effect. The Application was supported by the Second Affidavit of Yin
Hsiu Mei dated 24 January 2018.

5 The Defendants sought to file an Affidavit of Jacob Agam, sworn in Paris on
12 February 2018 (“the Affidavit”), in response to the Application. They sent
an email to the SICC Registry on 12 February 2018 attaching the Affidavit and
requesting the Registry to file it with the Court of Appeal. The background to
this request was that the Registry had previously assisted with the filing of
the Defendants’ Notice of Appeal, the Certificate for Security for Costs and
the Declaration (the “Commencement Documents”). However, the Registry had in a
letter dated 7 December 2017 emphasised that it would only assist with the
filing of the Commencement Documents, and that the responsibility for filing
all future documents in the appeal would rest with the Defendants and the
Registry would not be in a position to assist them in filing of future
documents. The Registry therefore replied by letter on 15 February 2018 to
point this out, and to say that it was unable to accede to the request for
assistance in the filing of the Affidavit.

6 Subsequently, on 4 March 2018, the Defendants sent a letter by email to the
Court, attaching a number of documents, including the Affidavit and explaining
difficulties which they had in filing the documents with the Service Bureau
through an agent. At the hearing on 5 March 2018, I observed that in the
absence of the Defendants, it would be appropriate for me to have regard to
the contents of the Affidavit, notwithstanding that it was not regularly
filed, in order that I might understand their submissions on the issues raised
by the Application. The Plaintiff had no objections to my taking into account
the matters contained in the Affidavit and made submissions on the relevance
of those matters to the Application. I have therefore taken into account all
the matters which are relied upon by the Defendants and are relevant to the
Application.

7 At the hearing, the Plaintiff was represented by Mr K Muralidharan Pillai
and Ms Andrea Tan of Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP. The Defendants were neither
represented nor present in person, but under O 32 r 5 of the Rules, I was
satisfied that they had notice of the hearing and that it was expedient to
hear the Application. I therefore decided to proceed in the absence of the
Defendants. In particular, the Defendants had made their submissions in the
Declaration and Affidavit and it was necessary to have an early decision on
whether this case was an offshore case in the light of the time for filing the
Appellants’ case in the appeal.

8 Before dealing with the merits of the Application, it is necessary to deal
with two initial points: the validity of the Declaration under O 110 r 35 and
the jurisdiction to make a declaration under O 110 r 37 of the Rules.

Validity of the Declaration

9 The Plaintiff submits that the timing of the Defendants’ filing of the
Declaration is not in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Rules. In
particular, the Plaintiff says that O 110 r 35 provides that:

(3) An offshore case declaration must be filed —

(a) by the plaintiff, together with the originating process; or

(b) by any other party, together with the first document filed by the party in
the action.

10 The Declaration was evidently filed long after it should have been filed
under that provision, defences having been filed by the First Defendant on 12
February 2016 and by the Second Defendant on 27 January 2016. There was no
application for an extension of time and, absent such an application and the
Court granting the extension, I do not consider that the Declaration was
validly made. Nor do I consider that there are grounds on which I should
extend time. If a party fails to make an offshore case declaration under O 110
r 35, it can then apply under O 110 r 36 of the Rules for a decision that an
action is an offshore case but, again, any application must be made within 28
days of the close of pleadings. In the present case, pleadings were deemed to
have closed in April 2016, and no such application made within the 28 days
thereafter.

11 I therefore do not consider that the Declaration was a valid offshore case
declaration under O 110 r 35 of the Rules.

Jurisdiction under O 110 r 37

12 The Defendants have made the Declaration in the context of their appeal.
The Plaintiff submits that the appropriate court to consider the Application
is a first-instance SICC court rather than the Court of Appeal.

13 O 110 r 37(1) of the Rules provides that, “the Court may at any time decide
that an action is not or is no longer an offshore case, either on its own
motion or on application of a person.” Under O 110 r 1(1) of the Rules,
“Court” means the SICC. The jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal under s 29A of
the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) is to hear
appeals from any judgment or order of the High Court, of which the SICC is a
division (see s 18A of the SCJA) and for the purposes of and incidental to the
appeal, the Court of Appeal has “all the authority and jurisdiction of the
court or tribunal from which the appeal was brought” (see s 29A(3)(a) of the
SCJA).

14 I do not consider that an application for a decision that an action is not
an offshore case is a matter which had to be decided “for the purposes of and
incidental to” the appeal but is instead a matter on which the first-instance
SICC court has to make a decision. This is confirmed in my judgment by O 110 r
37(6) of the Rules which provides that: “[t]he Court’s decision as to whether
an action is an offshore case is final for the purpose of section 34(1)(e) of
the Act.”

15 The “Act” referred to is the SCJA which provides, in relevant part, as
follows:

34.—(1) No appeal shall be brought to the Court of Appeal in any of the
following cases:

…

(e) where, by any written law for the time being in force, the judgment or
order of the High Court is expressly declared to be final.

16 It follows that no appeal can be brought against the decision when the
order of the court is, as here, expressed to be final and this provides very
strong support for the High Court and not the Court of Appeal being the
relevant court to make the decision.

17 I now turn to consider the merits of the Application.

The Application

18 The Plaintiff submits that, as set out by Bernard Eder IJ in Teras Offshore
Pte Ltd v Teras Cargo Transport (America) LLC [2016] 4 SLR 75 (“Teras”), the
question of whether or not an action is an “offshore case” must be determined
by reference to the particular action and whether it can properly be said that
the action has no substantial connection with Singapore (at [10]). As also
noted in Teras, an “offshore case” is defined by a negative so that it is not
the presence of substantial connections with other jurisdictions that is
important, but the absence of a substantial connection with Singapore.
Therefore, the mere fact that an action may have a substantial connection with
one or more places other than Singapore does not necessarily mean that it does
not also have a substantial connection with Singapore (at [8]).

19 The Plaintiff also refers to para 29(3) of the SICC Practice Directions
(“SICC PD”) which provides that:

(3) For the purposes of Order 110, Rule 1(2)(f)(ii) of the Rules of Court, the
existence of each of the following factors will not, by itself, constitute a
substantial connection between the dispute and Singapore:

(a) any of the witnesses in the case may be found in Singapore;

(b) any of the documents that are relevant to the dispute may be located in
Singapore;

(c) funds connected with the dispute have passed through Singapore or are
located in bank accounts in Singapore;

(d) one of the parties to the dispute has properties or assets in Singapore
that are not the subject matter of the dispute;

(e) where one of the parties is a Singapore party, or where a party is not a
Singapore party, but has Singapore shareholders.

20 Whilst the authors of The SICC Handbook: A Guide to the Rules and
Procedures of the Singapore International Commercial Court (Sweet & Maxwell,
2016) suggest at para 11.13 that the greater the presence and extent of such
factors, the more likely a finding of a substantial connection, in Teras the
Court held, on the facts, that factors (a) and (b) indicated some connection
of the action with Singapore in a procedural or administrative sense but were
not “substantial” and factors (c) to (e) were, at best, peripheral to the
action (at [16]). Rather, the Court in Teras held that what was critical was
that the various claims and counterclaims were all concerned with the
provision of services and works allegedly done in connection with three
liquefied natural gas projects in or off Queensland, Australia, and that the
vast majority of these services and the issues relating thereto had nothing
whatsoever to do with Singapore (at [17]).

21 The Plaintiff submits that the action cannot be said to have no substantial
connection with Singapore but, on the contrary, has a substantial connection
with Singapore. It refers to the fact that the relevant Facility Agreements
and Personal Guarantees were subject to Singapore law and the jurisdiction of
the Singapore Courts. It also says that Singapore was the place of performance
of these contracts. It refers to the following matters:

(a) the relevant Facility Agreements were entered into with the Singapore
branch of the Plaintiff’s then-subsidiary, BNPWM and the Personal Guarantees
were executed in favour of BNPWM’s Singapore branch;

(b) any repayments to be made under the Facility Agreements and any payments
under the Personal Guarantees were to be made to BNPWM’s Singapore branch;

(c) the loans under the Facility Agreements were disbursed into the Companies’
bank accounts in Singapore, which were held and maintained by BNPWM’s
Singapore branch at all material times;

(d) the banking relationship with the Defendants as well as their Companies
were at all times managed by the Singapore branch of BNPWM;

(e) the contractual documents relevant to the dispute, such as the Facility
Agreements and Personal Guarantees are held by the Plaintiff’s Singapore
branch; and

(f) three out of the five witnesses called by the Plaintiff at the trial of
the action were located in Singapore.

22 The Defendants rely on the following matters in the Declaration and the
Affidavit and submit that there is no substantial connection with Singapore:

(a) the Plaintiff is an international bank with its headquarters in Paris;

(b) the Defendants are Israeli nationals;

(c) the Companies are foreign companies not incorporated in Singapore;

(d) whilst the Facility Agreements and the Personal Guarantees provide for
choice of Singapore law and the agreement on the jurisdiction of the Singapore
Courts, none of the documents relating to the securities provided to secure
the loan facilities were signed in Singapore; and

(e) the Defendants had denied liability in the Suit on the basis that:

(i) SCI Ruth Agam is only permitted to enter into agreements relating to real
estate transactions and as such, the facility agreement with SCI Ruth Agam and
the Personal Guarantees are illegal, void and unenforceable;

(ii) the choice of Singapore law in the Facility Agreements and the Personal
Guarantees was not a bona fide and/or genuine choice of law; and

(iii) BNPWM failed to discharge its obligations as a French bank under the
laws of France in respect of its duty of care to advise on risks and a
statutory duty of care to act in an honest, fair and professional manner.

Decision

23 I have come to the conclusion that the action is not an offshore case as it
is not a case where there is no substantial connection with Singapore.
Although the relevant Facility Agreements, which were the underlying
transactions for the Personal Guarantees, may have been entered into outside
Singapore, they were entered into by the Singapore branch of BNPWM and all the
characteristics of performance were to be performed in Singapore. The loans
were to be made by payments into the accounts of the Companies which they had
opened at the Singapore branch of BNPWM which subsequently became the
Singapore branch of the Plaintiff.

24 As set out in the Judgment at [21], a total of €61.7 million was drawn down
under the facilities of which approximately €20.2 million was used to pay the
former mortgagee, Bank Julius Baer (Monaco) SAM (“Julius Baer”); some €24.7
million was held as securities in a joint account maintained by the Defendants
with BNPWM’s Singapore branch and the balance was left on deposit with the
Singapore branch and managed by BNPWM for discretionary investment. Whilst
some of the funds from the loans may have been used to repay Julius Baer in
Monaco in respect of mortgages by the Companies on properties in France and
Monaco, the fundamental performance was the payment of the loan funds into the
accounts of the Companies in Singapore and the majority of the funds remained
as securities or funds of discretionary investment by BNPWM in Singapore.

25 In relation to the Personal Guarantees, these were given by the Defendants
in favour of the Singapore branch of BNPWM which later became the Plaintiff.
As submitted on behalf of the Plaintiff, the performance of the guarantees was
to be by payment to the Singapore branch of BNPWM, later the Plaintiff.

26 The decision of the Singapore High Court in EFG Bank AG, Singapore Branch v
Teng Wen-Chung [2017] SGHC 318 at [55] is of relevance. In that case George
Wei J accepted that: “the key obligation in a loan contract is generally the
obligation to make payments, and the place where those payments must be made
is accordingly the place of performance”.

27 He also considered the position in relation to the terms of an indemnity
agreement and at [56] stated:

The terms of the Indemnity Agreement were silent as to where repayment was to
take place. However, the same arguments which the defendant acknowledged in
relation to the First Surewin Facility similarly apply in respect of the
Indemnity Agreement – ie, that the place of performance is in all likelihood
Singapore, given that the Indemnity Agreement was executed in favour of the
plaintiff, which is the Singapore branch of EFG Bank, and any payment would
presumably take place in Singapore. The plaintiff also cites Dicey, Morris &
Collins on The Conflict of Laws (Lord Collins of Mapesbury gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 15th Ed, 2012) at para 11-197 for “[t]he general rule … that where no
place of payment is specified … the debtor must seek out his creditor”. I
agree. …

28 In this case, as held in the Judgment at [59], the Personal Guarantees are
contracts of indemnity and the place of payment under the guarantees would be
the place of the creditor, being the Singapore branch of BNPWM, now the
Plaintiff. As such, Singapore is clearly the place of performance of both the
Facility Agreements and the Personal Guarantees.

29 As in Teras, I consider that the performance of the obligations under the
relevant transactions is of fundamental importance in determining whether the
action has no substantial connection with Singapore. The fact that the parties
are not Singaporean is obviously of relevance, because if they were
Singaporean that would provide a connection, albeit evidently not of itself
determinative (see para 29(3)(e) of the SICC PD). Nor do I think that the
factors in para 29(3)(a) that three of the Plaintiff’s five witnesses might be
found in Singapore or in para 29(3)(b) that the documents relevant to the
dispute may be located in Singapore or in para 29(3)(c) that the funds
connected with the dispute have passed through Singapore or are located in
bank accounts in Singapore would on their own have been sufficient, without
performance taking place in Singapore.

30 The Defendants place some emphasis on the fact that they denied liability
on the basis that SCI Ruth Agam was only permitted to enter into agreements
relating to real estate transactions so that the facility agreement with SCI
Ruth Agam and the Personal Guarantees were illegal, void and unenforceable;
that the choice of Singapore law in the Facility Agreements and the Personal
Guarantees was not a bona fide and/or genuine choice of law; and that BNPWM
failed to discharge its obligations as a French bank under the laws of France
in respect of its duty of care to advise on risks and a statutory duty of care
to act in an honest, fair and professional manner (see [22(e)] above). These
were matters which raised questions of French law. However, as stated in [48]
of the Judgment, during a case management conference on 17 July 2017, counsel
then acting for the Defendants informed the court that the Defendants did not
wish to adduce any evidence of French law and that they no longer sought to
prove issues of French law, so that the defences reliant on the French law
issues fell away, including the challenge to the applicability of Singapore
law. As a result, I do not therefore consider that these matters can be relied
on, even if they would otherwise have been relevant to the issue of whether
the action has a substantial connection with Singapore.

31 In paragraph 14 of the Affidavit, the Defendants also rely on the fact that
the parties had been proceeding on the basis that the dispute was of an
international and commercial nature. It is then stated: “[i]f indeed this case
was not an ‘offshore case’, the High Court would not have ordered the Suit to
be transferred to the SICC nor would the SICC have assumed jurisdiction to
hear and determine the dispute.” This however proceeds on a false premise.
Whilst all cases in the SICC are international and commercial in nature, not
all such cases are “offshore cases”. The fact that the case was transferred is
therefore not relevant to the question of the connection of the case with
Singapore, which is the relevant issue in determining whether the case is an
“offshore case”.

Conclusion

32 It therefore follows that, having considered the Declaration, the
Affidavit, the evidence and submissions, I have come to the conclusion, based
mainly on the place of performance of the relevant obligations relevant to the
issues in the action, that the action is not one which has “no substantial
connection with Singapore” and the action is therefore not an “offshore case”.

33 As stated at the conclusion of the hearing on 5 March 2018 I therefore
allowed the Application for the reasons which I now set out above and I
awarded the Plaintiff costs fixed at $3,500, inclusive of disbursements.

![](data:image/png;base64,
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)

Vivian Ramsey  
International Judge

Pillai K Muralidharan, Luo Qinghui and Andrea Tan (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP)
for the plaintiff;  
The first and second defendants absent.

**SINGAPORE INTERNATIONAL COMMERCIAL COURT**

****

**15 March 2018**

****

**Media Summary**

****

**Singapore International Commercial Court Suit No 2 of 2016 (Summons No 5 of
2018)**

**_BNP Paribas SA v Jacob Agam and another_ [2018] SGHC(I) 03 **

\-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

****

**

**Background facts** **

****

1 The plaintiff, BNP Paribas SA (“the Plaintiff”), is a French-incorporated
private bank which conducts business in Singapore through its Singapore-
registered branch. The two defendants (“the Defendants”), Israeli citizens,
were customers of the Plaintiff’s subsidiary company, BNP Paribas Wealth
Management (“BNPWM”), prior to BNPWM’s merger with the Plaintiff on 1 October
2016.

2 In November 2015, BNPWM commenced an action in the Singapore High Court
against the Defendants for the recovery of certain sums allegedly owed under
personal guarantees the Defendants had provided to BNPWM as security for loans
BNPWM had extended to two of their companies under two facility agreements.

3 In April 2016, the proceedings were transferred to the Singapore
International Commercial Court (“SICC”). The SICC issued its judgment in
November 2017, finding for the Plaintiff and awarding the claimed amounts, and
dismissing a counterclaim by the first defendant. In December 2017, the
Defendants appealed, filing an offshore case declaration (“the Declaration”)
together with their notice of appeal.

**The application**

4 In January 2018, the Plaintiff filed the present application (“the
Application”) pursuant to O 110 r 37(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2014 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) seeking a declaration that the action is not or is
no longer an offshore case, and that, consequently, the Declaration would
cease to have effect.

**The decision**

5 Vivian Ramsey IJ (“the Judge”) allowed the Application. He concluded that
the action was not one which has no substantial connection with Singapore, and
was therefore not an “offshore case”.

**Reasons for the judgment**

6 The Judge first dealt with two preliminary issues. The first concerned
whether the Declaration was valid under O 110 r 35 of the Rules. The Judge
noted that O 110 r 35 required any offshore case declaration to be filed
“together with the first document filed by the party in the action” which, in
the case of the Defendants, would have been in January or February 2016. As
the Defendants had not applied for or been granted an extension of time, the
Judge concluded that the Declaration was not validly made.

7 The second concerned whether it was the SICC or the Court of Appeal which
had the jurisdiction to hear the Application. This issue arose because the
Defendants had made the Declaration in the context of their appeal, and filed
it in the case file for the appeal; however, the Application was filed in the
case file for the suit. The Judge concluded, after reviewing the relevant
provisions of the Rules and the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007
Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”), that it was the SICC and not the Court of Appeal which
had the jurisdiction to consider the Application. Among other things, he noted
that O 110 r 37(6) of the Rules provides that the SICC’s decision as to
whether an action is an offshore case is “final” for the purposes of s
34(1)(_e_) of the SCJA, which in turn provides that no appeals would lie to
Court of Appeal where it was expressly declared under written law that the
order would be final. This showed that the Rules contemplated that any
question as to whether an action is an offshore case would be heard by the
SICC, whose decision on the matter would be final.

8 Turning to the merits of the Application, the Judge noted that the test was
that an action would be an offshore case if it could properly be said to be
one with “no substantial connection with Singapore”. In this case, it was of
fundamental importance that Singapore was the place of performance of the
obligations under both the facility agreements and the personal guarantees.
The factors raised by the Defendants (_eg_ , that the parties were not
Singaporean) were not in themselves determinative of the issue of whether the
action has a substantial connection with Singapore. The Judge also held that
the Defendants were not entitled to rely on the argument that their defences
engaged issues of French law in support of their position that the present
action was an offshore case, because those issues fell away when they decided
not to adduce evidence of or prove any issues of French law.

9 Finally, the Judge observed that while all cases in the SICC are
international and commercial in nature, not all such cases would be offshore
cases. Hence, the fact that the suit had been transferred from the Singapore
High Court to the SICC was not relevant to the question of whether it was an
offshore case.

* This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s judgment. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the Court. 

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

