Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGCA 02

Civil Appeal No 103 of 2016

Between

| Benzline Auto Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

(1)| Supercars Lorinser Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Supercars Singapore Pte Ltd  
  
… Respondents

judgment

[Restitution] – [Failure of consideration] – [Total failure of consideration]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Benzline Auto Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Supercars Lorinser Pte Ltd and another

[2018] SGCA 02

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 103 of 2016  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Judith Prakash JA  
16 August 2017

8 January 2018 Judgment reserved.

Judith Prakash JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal arises from a dispute over a payment of $300,000 made by the
respondents to the appellant (“the Payment”) while the parties were
negotiating a contract of sub-dealership. The negotiations eventually failed
and the respondents sued for the restitution of the Payment. The central
question before the High Court judge (“the Judge”) was whether the retention
of the Payment was conditional on the conclusion of the sub-dealership
agreement. The Judge found for the respondents and ordered that the Payment be
refunded. He also dismissed the appellant’s counterclaim for breach of
contract. This is our decision on the appellant’s appeal against the Judge’s
decision on both the claim and the counterclaim.

Background

The parties and other dramatis personae

2 The appellant, Benzline Auto Pte Ltd (“Benzline”), is in the business of
retail sale and wholesale of car parts and accessories, and of providing
modification services using those parts and accessories. It also engages in
the parallel importation of cars. Benzline’s representatives during the period
in which this dispute arose were Mr Ng Seng Keong (“Mr Ng”, also known as
“Kevin”), who was and is Benzline’s managing director, and Mr Chong Ban Cheong
(“Mr Chong”, also known as “George”), who was then Benzline’s marketing and
business development manager. By the time of the trial, Mr Chong had left
Benzline and he appeared at the trial as a witness for the respondents.

3 The second respondent, Supercars Singapore Pte Ltd (“Supercars Singapore”),
is a car retailer. The first respondent, Supercars Lorinser Pte Ltd
(“Supercars Lorinser”), was incorporated by the second respondent as a conduit
for the intended retail sale of a specific brand of cars, which we shall
discuss shortly. For convenience, we refer to them as a collective entity,
“Supercars”, except where the context requires a distinction to be drawn.
Supercars’ representatives were Mr Chua Yeow Kang (“Mr Chua”, also known as
“Marcus”), a director of both respondents, and Mr Yu Ming Yong (“Mr Yu”), a
shareholder of Supercars Singapore.

4 Looming large in the background of this dispute are two German entities
which are not parties to these proceedings. Daimler AG (“Daimler”) is the
automobile manufacturer which produces, among others, the Mercedes-Benz line
of cars. It does so through subsidiaries bearing the Mercedes-Benz name, but
for ease of reference, we shall refer simply to Daimler as a collective
entity. One of Daimler’s customers is Sportservice Lorinser Sportliche
Autoausrustung GmbH (“Lorinser”). Lorinser is in the business of customising
and tuning Mercedes-Benz cars for sale to consumers. It orders Mercedes-Benz
cars, modifies them using its own parts (“Lorinser car parts”), and sells the
modified cars (“Lorinser cars”) under the Lorinser brand. It also sells the
Lorinser car parts separately. Lorinser’s principal was Mr Marcus Lorinser and
its main representative in its dealings with Benzline and Supercars was its
export sales manager, Mr Evangelos Hatzikoitsis (“EH”). No witnesses from
Daimler or Lorinser gave evidence in these proceedings.

5 What follows is a brief outline of the facts. Especially pertinent details
will be explored in greater depth at the appropriate points of our analysis.

The relationship between Benzline and Lorinser

6 Benzline and Lorinser have a long history of business dealings. In 1993,
Benzline was appointed the master dealer of Lorinser car parts in Singapore.
In 2006, Benzline and Lorinser concluded a similar agreement in respect of
Lorinser cars, and for a time Benzline actively pursued the importation and
sale of Lorinser cars. Benzline’s efforts were impeded by one major obstacle:
Daimler’s international consumer warranty (“the Daimler Warranty”), which in
Singapore was provided through Cycle & Carriage, only applied to direct
imports of Mercedes-Benz cars. Since the Lorinser cars were considered
parallel imports, they were not covered by the Daimler Warranty in Singapore.
This meant that any warranty would have to be provided by Benzline itself at
an added fee charged to its customers, making Lorinser cars a markedly less
attractive value proposition. Benzline sold about 60 Lorinser cars before
abandoning the experiment in 2007. Thereafter, it continued to hold the master
dealership rights, but in practice restricted itself (as far as Lorinser’s
products were concerned) mainly to selling Lorinser car parts and
customisation services, although it would occasionally order Lorinser cars at
the special request of individual customers.

7 This state of affairs continued until 2013, when EH informed Mr Ng and Mr
Chong that Lorinser had concluded an agreement with Daimler to extend the
Daimler Warranty to Lorinser cars, provided they were sold by an authorised
dealer. A dealer wishing to participate in this new arrangement (hereinafter
referred to as the “Special Project”) would have to enter into a fresh
agreement with Lorinser for that purpose. EH mentioned that negotiations with
a possible dealer in Thailand had fallen through. He then suggested that
Benzline consider applying to be Lorinser’s authorised dealer for Thailand,
Malaysia, and/or Singapore for the purposes of the Special Project. Benzline
was intrigued by the Special Project, but was not inclined to be the direct
retailer of Lorinser cars due to its relative lack of car retail expertise and
human resources. Benzline hence considered that it would be more advantageous
to find another party to assume the role of sub-dealer, allowing Benzline to
make some profits (essentially as a middleman) without having to develop its
own retail capabilities.

Negotiations between Benzline and Supercars

8 It so happened that Mr Chong and Mr Chua were neighbours and had known each
other for some years. Mr Chong was aware of Mr Chua’s role in Supercars, and
he decided to inform the latter of the opportunity as well as to recommend
Supercars to Mr Ng. The recommendation was well received by Mr Ng, and the
three men began discussions with a view toward Benzline and Supercars entering
into an exclusive sub-dealership agreement for the purposes of the Special
Project (“the Exclusive Sub-Dealership Agreement”). Many of these discussions
involved Lorinser as well.

9 At least initially, Supercars was interested in being the exclusive sub-
dealer of Lorinser cars in Thailand as well as Singapore. Somewhere along the
way, talk of operations in Thailand petered out, and the parties focused their
discussions on the Singapore market. In late 2013, the discussions appeared to
be going well, and both parties were confident that the Exclusive Sub-
Dealership Agreement would materialise in due course. However, the decision
was not entirely in their hands as Lorinser had the power to accept or reject
a proposed sub-dealer. For this among other reasons (see [29]–[30] below), the
terms of the Exclusive Sub-Dealership Agreement were dependent on the terms of
a new master dealership agreement between Benzline and Lorinser (“the
Benzline–Lorinser Agreement”), which was to cover the Special Project. As a
consequence, the parties could not attempt to finalise the Exclusive Sub-
Dealership Agreement until April 2014, when the final draft of the
Benzline–Lorinser Agreement was produced.

Scheduling complications and the making of the Payment

10 During this waiting period, discussions continued regarding certain orders
which had to be placed with Daimler (and which therefore first had to be
placed with Lorinser). Daimler expected its buyers to provide it with
projected yearly orders for planning purposes (“Planning Orders”). In order to
actually obtain cars, buyers would subsequently have to place monthly orders
(“Purchase Orders”) accompanied by a 30% deposit on each order.

11 In January 2014, EH reminded the parties that if the deposit on Supercars’
first Purchase Order (“the First Purchase Order”) was not placed soon, there
could be a lengthy delay in the eventual delivery of the Lorinser cars, and
this would hinder Supercars’ achievement of its sales target for the year
2014. The course of their correspondence on this matter was as follows:

(a) On 17 January 2014, EH sent an e-mail to Mr Chua (copied to Mr Ng, Mr
Chong, and Marcus Lorinser) to request Mr Chua to submit two things: an
amended Planning Order for 2014 and “the [P]urchase [O]rders for the first
order for May production (total[ling] 7x units)”. EH further requested that Mr
Chua “transfer the deposit of 30% directly to [Lorinser’s] account”.

(b) On 21 January 2014, EH sent an e-mail to Mr Ng containing the first draft
of the Benzline–Lorinser Agreement (“the First Draft Agreement”) as an
attachment. He requested that Mr Ng circulate the contents of the draft to Mr
Chua and Mr Yu and “ask them to study it”. That was done and Mr Chua and Mr Yu
then reviewed the First Draft Agreement. The terms of the First Draft
Agreement are discussed in detail at [33]–[34] below.

(c) On 22 January 2014, having discussed the matter with Mr Chua, Mr Yu met Mr
Ng and, on behalf of Supercars, gave him a personal cheque for $300,000 drawn
in favour of Benzline (ie, the Payment), accompanied by a payment voucher
filled in by Mr Yu (“the Payment Voucher”) which stated the payment to be a
“30% deposit for New Mercedes as attached”. Mr Ng signed and returned the
Payment Voucher.

(d) On 27 January 2014, Mr Chong sent an e-mail to EH (copied to Mr Ng) to
place an order for nine cars (ie, the First Purchase Order). The e-mail stated
the names and codes of the cars as well as the codes for the various
customisation options to be applied to each car. These nine cars were
described as being “for the initial launching”.

(e) On 6 February 2014, EH sent an e-mail to Mr Ng (copied to Mr Chong)
regarding some problems with the First Purchase Order. He informed Mr Ng that
some of the models in that order were unavailable, and that this had caused
Daimler’s system to reject the order. He listed the “[a]lternative and
current[ly] available models” that could be ordered instead. Mr Chong
forwarded EH’s e-mail to Mr Chua on the same day.

(f) On 12 February 2014, Mr Chong sent an e-mail to EH (copied to Mr Ng, Mr
Chua, and Marcus Lorinser) stating the desired substitute models. Further
e-mail exchanges on the topic followed, and it appears that the First Purchase
Order was finalised (after substitutions, and the number being reduced to
seven cars) in late February 2014.

12 It is unclear from the evidence when precisely the First Purchase Order was
successfully entered into Daimler’s system and when the Payment was used by
Lorinser to place the deposit on the First Purchase Order. It is undisputed,
however, that the Payment was sent to Lorinser by Benzline and that Lorinser
did pay Daimler. Additionally, a Planning Order of 100 cars was agreed and
submitted by Supercars.

The breakdown of the relationship between Benzline and Supercars

13 Between February and April 2014, the parties continued their discussions,
and some additional Purchase Orders were placed (primarily through direct
correspondence between Supercars and Lorinser), but Supercars did not make any
payment to either Benzline or Lorinser in respect of those.

14 On 29 April 2014, EH sent Mr Ng a copy of the second and final draft of the
Benzline–Lorinser Agreement (“the Second Draft Agreement”) who then forwarded
the draft to Mr Chua. The parties dispute precisely the actions that were
taken by Supercars and Benzline following this, but what is material and
undisputed is that Mr Chua strongly objected to the inclusion of a clause (cl
18.2) which required Benzline to provide Lorinser with a standby letter of
credit (“standby LC”) in the amount of €250,000. Since the Exclusive Sub-
Dealership Agreement was to mirror the Benzline–Lorinser Agreement, the
parties understood this to imply that Supercars would have to provide the
standby LC. Mr Chua was unwilling to have Supercars do so, and Lorinser was,
at least to Benzline’s understanding, equally unwilling to have the clause
removed.

15 Between April and May 2014, the parties had a number of discussions
concerning the problem. According to Supercars, a compromise was reached under
which Supercars would contract directly with Lorinser and would be willing to
provide the standby LC pursuant to that contract, with Benzline’s profits to
be replaced by a separately negotiated commission; Benzline denies that there
was any such compromise. Either way, on 21 May 2014, Mr Chua e-mailed Marcus
Lorinser directly (without copying anyone from Benzline) to propose this new
arrangement. Lorinser on its part did not reply and only forwarded the e-mail
to Mr Ng, who did not react well to this development. Later in May 2014,
Supercars caught wind that Benzline had instead entered into an exclusive sub-
dealership agreement with a competitor, Regal Motors Pte Ltd (“Regal”).
Supercars considered this to be an indication that its relationship with
Benzline was at an end. At this point, no Lorinser cars had been delivered to
Supercars. Supercars demanded a refund of the Payment, which Benzline refused
to give. Supercars then commenced the proceedings below.

The arguments and decision below

16 Before the Judge, Supercars sought, primarily, a return of the Payment.
Supercars pleaded its claim against Benzline in four alternative ways: first,
as a claim for recovery of a pre-contractual deposit; second, as a claim for
restitution for total failure of consideration; third, as a claim for money
had and received; and fourth, as a claim for breach of contract (the breach
being the failure to appoint Supercars as the exclusive sub-dealer) which
caused the loss of the $300,000. It should be observed that the first three
formulations pleaded are repetitive and needlessly confusing. Recovery of a
pre-contractual deposit on a contract which fails or does not materialise is
merely an instance of restitution for failure of consideration (also known as
“failure of basis”). As for “money had and received”, that is not a cause of
action, but merely an older label for a form of action which has now been
subsumed within the contemporary rubric of unjust enrichment: see Alwie
Handoyo v Tjong Very Sumito and another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 308 at
[124]–[125]. Therefore, the first three formulations of Supercars’ claim were
not true alternatives but were instead aspects of a single claim: a claim in
unjust enrichment for restitution of a pre-contractual deposit on the ground
of a failure of basis. Supercars dealt with it as such in its arguments before
us. So shall we.

17 In addition to the claim in unjust enrichment, Supercars also brought an
alternative claim for breach of contract, which is not an issue before us and
of which we shall say no more.

18 Benzline’s defence was that the Payment was a deposit on a standalone
purchase of cars. Benzline also brought a counterclaim for breach of contract,
seeking compensation for lost sales in Singapore and Thailand and damages
incurred in the storage of and other costs relating to the cars which
Supercars had not taken delivery of.

19 With regard to the Planning Orders and Purchase Orders, both parties
adopted rather extreme positions. Benzline asserted that the Planning Order
for 100 cars was binding, and that Supercars was thus obligated to pay for and
accept all 100 cars; the First Purchase Order was merely part of implementing
the performance of the Planning Order. Indeed, Benzline also asserted that an
alleged order of 147 cars for sale in Thailand – for which no Planning Order
was ever submitted – was also binding. Supercars on its part denied that any
contractually binding orders were placed at all – it asserted that all the
orders placed were for “planning purposes” only, and that nothing was to be
binding unless and until the Exclusive Sub-Dealership Agreement was concluded.

20 The Judge allowed Supercars’ claim and dismissed Benzline’s counterclaim.
His grounds of decision are reported in Supercars Lorinser Pte Ltd and another
v Benzline Auto Pte Ltd [2016] SGHC 281 (“the GD”). Regarding the
restitutionary claim, the Judge applied reasoning similar to that in the High
Court decision of United Artists Singapore Theatres Pte Ltd and another v
Parkway Properties Pte Ltd and another [2003] 1 SLR(R) 791 (“United Artists”),
which was affirmed on appeal without argument on this point. In brief, the
Judge held that the Payment was a pre-contractual deposit (which was, in law,
not a true deposit, but only a part-payment) made to demonstrate good faith
and seriousness, and was therefore refundable when the Exclusive Sub-
Dealership Agreement failed to materialise. He also agreed with Supercars that
no binding contract (whether arising from the Planning Orders, the Purchase
Orders, or otherwise) had been concluded, with the result that Benzline had no
basis for its counterclaim.

Benzline’s case

21 Benzline’s appeal raises five main points:

(a) There was no evidence to show that the Payment was made to demonstrate
good faith and seriousness. Negotiations were at an advanced stage and
Benzline was in no doubt as to Supercars’ good faith and seriousness.

(b) United Artists ([20] supra) could be distinguished on the facts and was
misapplied by the Judge.

(c) Mr Chua and Mr Yu had seen the First Draft Agreement before making the
Payment, and would not have made the Payment if they had not considered the
terms of that draft agreement to be acceptable.

(d) The parties were aware that once the Payment was made and the First
Purchase Order placed, the order and payment would flow upward to Daimler and
the production process would irrevocably commence.

(e) The Planning Order had been discussed over many meetings and e-mails and
was a committed and firm order.

Supercars’ case

22 Supercars makes four main points:

(a) Under cross-examination, Mr Ng had made numerous concessions supporting
Supercars’ case, including admitting that the Payment was made on the basis
that Supercars would be appointed the exclusive sub-dealer. Mr Chua’s and Mr
Yu’s evidence supported this too.

(b) It made little commercial sense for Supercars to purchase Lorinser cars
except under the Exclusive Sub-Dealership Agreement, because they would
otherwise be parallel imports and thus unattractive to consumers.

(c) The Planning Orders were made for planning purposes only due to the time
lag in the production of cars. Mr Chong’s evidence was that the figures
contained therein were just a guide.

(d) Regal had taken over the Lorinser cars ordered by Supercars/Benzline and
thus Benzline had suffered no loss. Additionally, Benzline’s evidence of
losses was flawed.

Our decision

23 This appeal turns largely on one question: what was the Payment for? Three
competing answers have been offered. Benzline says it was simply a deposit on
a standalone purchase of cars. Supercars says it was a pre-contractual payment
for cars, conditional on the parties subsequently entering into the Exclusive
Sub-Dealership Agreement. The Judge thought it was a good faith payment meant
to demonstrate the seriousness of Supercars’ interest in the deal.

24 In our view, none of these answers is quite right. The evidence, properly
considered, points to a fourth explanation: the Payment was made for the
specific purpose of enabling Lorinser to pay a deposit to Daimler, thus
setting in motion the production process and avoiding what would otherwise
have been an unacceptable delay in the eventual delivery of the cars. Although
the Payment was conditional, it is in our view inaccurate to characterise that
condition as being that the parties would enter into the Exclusive Sub-
Dealership Agreement. Rather, the Payment was conditioned on Supercars being
offered the choice to enter into the Exclusive Sub-Dealership Agreement on
terms materially similar to the First Draft Agreement, which Supercars had
reviewed immediately prior to making the Payment. That was the basis
of/consideration for the Payment, and it did not fail; rather, Supercars chose
to reject the offer. Consequently, it is not entitled to restitution of the
Payment.

25 Our detailed reasons follow.

The full commercial context of the Payment

26 To understand the purpose of the Payment, it is important to first
appreciate the web of relationships between Supercars, Benzline, Lorinser, and
Daimler. In this, we respectfully disagree with the Judge, who considered the
arrangements between Lorinser and Daimler to be irrelevant to the dispute
before him (see the GD at [56]). It is true that the court is not concerned
with determining the rights and obligations between the parties and Lorinser,
or Lorinser and Daimler. Nonetheless, the commercial reality of the situation
was that the parties were only the last two links in a supply chain beginning,
for our purposes, with Daimler and Lorinser. This reality shaped and informed
the parties’ understanding leading up to the Payment, and must therefore be
considered in full.

The understanding between Supercars and Benzline

27 The starting point of our inquiry is the underlying logic of the deal which
the parties contemplated. It is undisputed that Benzline had no interest in
being the retailer of Lorinser cars, even if the cars were to be covered by
the Daimler Warranty. Quite apart from its previous unsuccessful attempt to
market Lorinser cars, Benzline was aware that it lacked both the expertise and
the human resources to retail Lorinser cars on a significant scale; though it
dabbled in parallel imports, its core business was in modifications.
Supercars, on the other hand, was well placed to take up the opportunity, but
had no prior connection with Lorinser and would not have been able to deal
with Lorinser without Benzline acting as an intermediary. In short, each party
had something the other needed and lacked: Benzline had access to the
lucrative commercial opportunity offered by Lorinser, but not the ability and
will to seize it, while Supercars was in the opposite position.

28 Unsurprisingly, then, the understanding which the parties reached was one
under which Supercars was to have the lion’s share of both risk and reward.
Although there was to be a notional sale of Lorinser cars by Lorinser to
Benzline, and then from Benzline to Supercars, Benzline was to be in substance
what Mr Chua described as a “commission agent”. The mechanics of the
arrangement were that for every car ordered, Lorinser was to give Benzline a
discount off the list price, and Benzline was then to give Supercars a
slightly lower discount; the difference between the two would be Benzline’s
profits. There was some dispute over the exact figure agreed on for the
“commission”, though it appears to have been in the region of 2.5 to 5%.
Adopting Mr Chua’s estimates, this would leave Supercars to benefit from a net
discount of 18 to 19% on the base Mercedes-Benz cars and somewhere between 25
and 38% on the Lorinser parts used to modify them into Lorinser cars. If that
seems a lopsided allocation of the fruits of the deal, it should be recalled
that as the retailer, Supercars had to contend with the costs of marketing the
cars and servicing consumers, as well as the risk of having unsold products,
whereas Benzline’s costs and risks would be minimal. The rest of the parties’
dealings must be understood in this light.

The Benzline–Lorinser Agreement and the Exclusive Sub-Dealership Agreement

29 Benzline’s status as Lorinser’s master dealer in Singapore did not
automatically entitle it to participate in the Special Project. For that, the
Benzline–Lorinser Agreement had to be negotiated. The terms of this agreement
would carry implications for the relationship between Benzline and Supercars
as well, because the rights which Benzline was to give Supercars were to be
derived from the rights which Lorinser was to give Benzline; the former would
be meaningless without the latter. It was therefore not possible for the
Exclusive Sub-Dealership Agreement to be concluded until the Benzline–Lorinser
Agreement had been finalised.

30 More than that, both parties accepted, and the key witnesses testified,
that the Exclusive Sub-Dealership Agreement was intended to be “back-to-back”
with the Benzline–Lorinser Agreement – that is to say, to mirror the terms of
the Benzline–Lorinser Agreement. This intention explains why Mr Ng shared the
drafts of the Benzline–Lorinser Agreement with Mr Chua and invited him to
comment on and propose amendments to them: since the terms of the
Benzline–Lorinser Agreement would determine the terms of the Exclusive Sub-
Dealership Agreement, it followed that if the terms of the Benzline–Lorinser
Agreement were not acceptable to Supercars, the terms of the Exclusive Sub-
Dealership Agreement would not be acceptable either.

31 In our view, this intention for the contracts to be back-to-back is
consistent with, and reinforces, the commercial understanding between the
parties that Supercars was to bear the majority of the risk in exchange for
reaping the majority of the rewards. If Benzline was to owe an obligation to
Lorinser, Supercars was expected to owe a similar obligation to Benzline, so
that Benzline would not be left with any liability to Lorinser which would not
ultimately be covered by Supercars. That protection from risk was what enabled
Benzline to charge Supercars only a modest 2.5 to 5% “commission”.

32 In examining the drafts of the Benzline–Lorinser Agreement, it should be
remembered that it is not the task of this court in the present dispute to
determine the actual contractual effect of the provisions. That is fortunate
given that the provisions include a choice of law clause designating German
law as the law of the contract (cl 16.2). Although the court may, in the
absence of proof of foreign law, apply a presumption that the foreign law does
not differ from Singapore law, this is not an ideal solution where it is
obvious that there are, in reality, likely to be significant differences. In
the present case, what we are interested in is not the correct legal
interpretation of the relevant provisions, but rather, the insight they can
give us into what the parties expected when the Payment was made – no more and
no less. Since the parties’ representatives were not legally trained, let
alone in German law, it is sufficient to consider the common sense
understanding which a businessperson would have obtained from reading these
provisions.

33 The terms which the parties contemplated at the time the Payment was made
are those contained in the First Draft Agreement, which Lorinser sent to Mr Ng
on 21 January 2014 in partially translated form. Mr Chua and Mr Yu received it
the day before the Payment was made, and both of them perused the document
before deciding to make the Payment. The First Draft Agreement would therefore
have been of central importance to the parties’ shared expectations at the
relevant time. It contained the following notable features:

(a) Under the section on orders and pricing, the translation of cl 6.2
provided that “[a]fter the annual planning with monthly volumes per vehicle
model, the detailed monthly order is to be placed then in addition” [emphasis
added], and that each such order was to be placed “in the middle of each month
… 3 months in advance for vehicles produced in Germany”.

(b) Under the section on the contract period and termination, the translation
of cl 14.3 provided that one of the events which would allow Lorinser to
terminate the agreement was “the failure to meet the indicated minimum
purchase quantities according to [cl] 2.1 during a calendar year in case of a
pro rata consideration by more than 50%”. We cannot help but note that this
translation appears to differ from the German original (a defect corrected in
the Second Draft Agreement); however, it is safe to assume that the parties,
not being proficient in German, would have relied on the draft English
translation. The gist of that translation is tolerably clear, despite some
awkwardness in phrasing – Lorinser would be entitled to terminate the
agreement if the number of cars actually purchased in a given calendar year
fell below half of the minimum number under cl 2.1 (which we take to be a
reference to cl 2, there being no cl 2.1).

(c) Clause 2 unfortunately did not come with a translation, other than the
phrase “[f]or 2014”. The full translation was provided only in the Second
Draft Agreement. In that translation, cl 2 bore the heading “Expected purchase
quantities”, and stated that “[d]ue to [Benzline’s] market analyses the
parties assume the following yearly purchase quantities” [emphasis added],
followed by a list of car models with quantities remaining to be filled in.
The final Benzline–Lorinser Agreement contained the same wording, with the
quantities added. It would, of course, not be right to impute precisely this
understanding to the parties at the time the First Draft Agreement was
received sans translation. What would have been clear to them, however, was
that cl 2 was an uncompleted list of quantities of car models for 2014.

(d) Clause 18.2 provided that the Benzline–Lorinser Agreement would only be
binding after, in addition to both Benzline and Lorinser signing the
agreement, Lorinser had been provided with a standby LC with a term of two
years (this period being the initial term of the Benzline–Lorinser Agreement).

In the First Draft Agreement, there were also clauses concerning when each
order of cars would become binding on Benzline (cll 6.4 and 6.5), the terms of
delivery (cl 7), the timing of payment for the base Mercedes-Benz cars and
Lorinser modifications (cll 8.1 and 8.2), and title retention (cl 9).

34 Clause 18.2 is crucial, as its inclusion in the First Draft Agreement shows
that Supercars was or should have been aware of the need for a standby LC from
the time it received the First Draft Agreement; it was not a surprise sprung
on Supercars in the Second Draft Agreement. Indeed, Mr Chua conceded under
cross-examination that he had noticed cl 18.2 when he perused the First Draft
Agreement. Although he also asserted that he had disregarded cl 18.2 because
Mr Ng had assured him that no standby LC would be required, Mr Chua could
offer no corroboration for this claim. In the absence of other evidence, and
in the face of Mr Ng’s denial of such alleged agreement, we are unable to
accept Mr Chua’s assertion on a balance of probabilities. Given his admission
that he did read and understand cl 18.2 before procuring the Payment to be
made, we must take him (and thus Supercars) to have been aware of cl 18.2’s
existence and effect at the material time.

35 As for the other provisions summarised above, they have significant
implications for the intended effects of the Planning Orders and Purchase
Orders, to which we now turn.

The Planning Orders and Purchase Orders

36 It will be recalled that Benzline’s position was that the Planning Orders
and the Purchase Orders were both contractually binding on Supercars. We are
unable to accept that assertion. It is clear from cll 2, 6.2 and 14.3 that a
distinction was drawn between the Planning Orders and the Purchase Orders.
Clause 6.2 referred to “annual planning” in contrast to “monthly order[s]”,
implying that the planning figures did not constitute orders of cars per se.
Moreover, cl 14.3 allowed for termination only if the Purchase Orders placed
in a given calendar year amounted to less than half of the Planning Orders
placed for that year. If the Planning Orders were indeed intended to be
contractually binding (between Daimler and Lorinser and/or between Lorinser
and Benzline), it would be surprising for the threshold for termination to be
set as low as that.

37 Further illumination can be gained from EH’s series of e-mails to the
parties in which he explained, in piecemeal fashion, his understanding of the
difference between Planning Orders and Purchase Orders. Since neither party
made any objection to those explanations after receiving them, we take it that
the explanations reflected the shared understanding of the parties as well.
This applies equally to the e-mails pre-dating the Payment (which are
obviously significant) and those post-dating the Payment (because one would
expect that the parties would have objected had they thought that EH was
resiling from their earlier understanding). We summarise EH’s explanations in
the following table, with emphasis added, together with what we see as the
implications of each statement:

E-mail date| Statement(s) made| Significance  
---|---|---  
12 December 2013| “Regarding your planning for 2014 and the specified vehicle
models, please find our excel list with the vehicles you intend and wish to
buy and the allotment from Daimler to Lorinser for SGP and THAILAND in the
attachment. Furthermore, please inform us about the desired vehicle quantities
per monthly order.”| The “planning for 2014” was to be a list of vehicles
which Supercars “intend[ed] and wish[ed] to buy”, as opposed to a list of
vehicles for which it was placing a firm order. Moreover, terms such as
“inform us” (instead of, say, “propose to us”) and “desired vehicle
quantities” suggest that EH was not inviting an offer in the contractual
sense.  
17 January 2014| “Regarding the Initial Order for production month May 2014,
kindly I would like to ask you first to send me asap the new official planning
2014 … [so that] I will be able to send to Daimler AG Berlin and second please
preparing and send me asap the purchase orders including the colours and specs
with the MB codes [ie, the codes identifying the car model] including the MB
codes for SGP version for the May 2014 production … [P]lease preparing and
send me the purchase orders for the first order for May production
([totalling] 7x units) and transfer the deposit of 30% directly to our account
…”| This draws a clear distinction between the “purchase order[s]” and the
“official planning”. It also shows that no deposit was to be paid until the
Purchase Orders were sent.  
13 February 2014| “[A]s I informed you today in the morning, we have talked to
MBVD head office about your inquiries [for] the new MB models, which you [did
not] put in your [planning] for 2014 and which were not approved by Daimler AG
yet! … [T]hey could understand that due to new MB models we need some
corrections and therefore they give us the chance now to check and preparing
an exactly 100% new Planning for the rest of 2014 which MB models and quantity
for each model we want to order!”| This message is ambiguous. On the one hand,
the reference to “an exactly 100% new Planning for the rest of 2014” could
suggest that the Planning Order, once finalised, was intended to be binding.
However, it could also mean that the Planning Order was to set – as a matter
of practice – the quantity of cars which Daimler would allow a buyer to
subsequently order in the Purchase Orders/“monthly orders”.  
17 February 2014| “We need urgently your reply including the binding new sales
planning 2014 for the 100x units approved [from] Daimler AG for Singapore!”|
Taken on its own, this could suggest that the Planning Orders themselves were
contractually binding.  
17 February 2014| “… Kevin … will talk to you and Supercars to preparing and
send us the new planning 2014 asap! [Furthermore] we talked about the initial
order and the deposit we expecting urgently to order the cars by Daimler AG
factory!”| This appears to draw a distinction between the “new planning 2014”
and “initial order” which was to come with a “deposit”.  
28 February 2014| “We are very sorry but we [do not] asked and expected an
amended sales forecast 2014, but the amended ordering plan 2014 commitment,
which we must forwarding to Daimler AG head office and they can planning our
binding purchase orders for the production within 2014 …”| The use of the
adjective “binding” in reference to the purchase orders, but not in reference
to the “ordering plan 2014 commitment”, implies that the latter was not
binding. Rather, the “ordering plan 2014 commitment” was to be used by Daimler
to plan the “binding purchase orders”.  
3 March 2014| “… Before I will forwarding the final planning order 2014 for
Singapore today to Daimler AG, please be informed that after talked to them
today and try to get the info about the approx. Delivery time for [two car
models], unfortunately they did not give me any delivery date …”| This shows
that the “final planning order 2014” was to be made at a time when crucial
information, such as the estimated delivery dates for various car models, were
not known. This fortifies the conclusion that the Planning Orders were not
intended to be contractually binding.  
29 April 2014| “… [W]e must not forget that we have to realise our planning
for Singapore market for 2014 too! There are approx. 100 units MB/LO cars we
have agreed to selling in Singapore market within 2014 and have to show
Daimler AG that we can realise our planning we sent them for the Singapore
market [so that] they will send us their positive answer for other additional
new markets in the future too!”| This implies that failure to order the
quantity stated in the Planning Orders would not be a breach of contract. The
consequence was instead a practical one: Daimler would be less willing to
allocate units to Lorinser for new markets if Lorinser did not show that it
could achieve the existing targets set in the Planning Orders.  
  
38 EH’s e-mails were not always consistent in their terminology. But when
pieced together within their context, and interpreted in a common sense
manner, it is clear that terms such as “planning”, “ordering plan”, “sales
planning”, “official planning” and “ordering plan … commitment” all referred
to the same thing – the Planning Orders – and that they were intended to allow
Daimler to plan its production for the year. Only the Purchase Orders were
understood to be contractually binding, a fact reflected in the timing for the
payment of each deposit (ie, only after a Purchase Order had been placed).
This confirms the view which we reached on the basis of the First Draft
Agreement alone.

39 This is not to say that the Planning Orders lacked practical significance.
Daimler was free to refuse to allow buyers to subsequently purchase cars which
were not included in the buyer’s submitted Planning Order for the year (and,
indeed, Daimler might not be able to accommodate such unplanned orders even if
it wished to). Moreover, falling significantly short of a submitted Planning
Order could have adverse consequences for a buyer’s future allocations. Thus,
Daimler’s buyers were aware that Daimler both expected the Planning Orders to
be substantially adhered to and had the means to commercially penalise buyers
who failed to adhere to them. It was in that sense that the Planning Orders
were “firm” or “binding” commitments.

40 During the oral arguments before us, we shared our provisional views on the
issue with Benzline’s counsel, Mr Leslie Yeo (“Mr Yeo”), and invited him to
clarify and justify Benzline’s position. After a few somewhat circular
exchanges, Mr Yeo stated that Benzline was not asserting that the Planning
Orders constituted a contract, and agreed that the Planning Orders were in the
nature of a set of intentions and expectations, rather than binding
contractual obligations. It was, he said, the Purchase Orders which
implemented those intentions and expectations in a binding form. We find that
revised position much more sensible.

41 In contrast to the Planning Orders, it is not seriously disputed that the
Purchase Orders were intended to be binding, at least as between Daimler and
Lorinser. For that purpose, the Rubicon would be crossed once Lorinser had
placed a Purchase Order and then paid the deposit to Daimler. Mr Ng explained
the process as follows during the trial below:

Q So this confirmation that comes from Daimler [after a Purchase Order is
placed] which you mention is just to say, “I can produce this car for you”?

A Yes.

Q But no production starts?

A That’s right.

Q And for Lorinser to place a firm order, Lorinser would require a 30% deposit
for the cost of the cars from Benzline, agree?

A Yes.

Q And without receiving this 30% deposit, Lorinser is not going to tell
Daimler, “Okay, please proceed to the order”?

A That’s right. They wanted us to confirm.

Q And Benzline similarly wouldn’t want to provide a 30% deposit until
Supercars comes up with a 30% deposit?

A That’s right.

Q So when Supercars failed to come up with a 30% deposit, Benzline had---did
not pay 30% deposit to Lorinser?

A That’s right.

Q And Supercars would be confirming orders by way of providing you with a 30%
deposit?

A To confirm orders, orders had to be placed.

Q That means the 30% deposit also had to be provided to you?

A Yes.

Q So when Supercars did not provide 30% deposit for some of the cars, those
orders were not confirmed orders?

A That’s right.

Mr Chong’s evidence was consistent with this: he testified that to his
knowledge, once a deposit had been paid to Daimler, Lorinser would be unable
to cancel a Purchase Order. It should be remembered that Mr Chong was
testifying for Supercars when he gave this evidence. Mr Chua conceded the
same, although he qualified it by stating that more minor modifications to an
order (such as changing the options or the variant of a model) were
permissible.

42 The significance which the Planning Orders were to have as between Lorinser
and Benzline (and, by implication, between Benzline and Supercars) was
slightly different. The relevant provisions of the First Draft Agreement
stated, in translation:

6.4 Basically, the order is concluded by remittance of Lorinser’s pro-forma
invoice including particulars concerning the order such as the expected date
of delivery, etc.

6.5 However, the contract of sale is concluded subject to a condition
precedent that the purchase price, described under clause 8.1 concerning the
base vehicle of Mercedes Benz, was received by Lorinser.

…

8.1 Payment of full purchase price with respect to Mercedes Benz base vehicle
within two weeks after receipt of the Lorinser pro forma-invoice.

Payment can be made by bank transfer or by means of an irrevocable, confirmed
letter of credit in favour of Lorinser.

8.2 Payment to be remitted for the Lorinser remodelling as soon as the
manufacture delivered the vehicles to Lorinser. Delivery must be pre-announced
approximately 7–14 days in advance at the Authorised Dealer. The Lorinser
remodelling is only and only then to be carried out when Lorinser received the
respective payment for the remodelling. Payment is to be made by bank
transfer.

43 The effect of these terms was that as between Lorinser and Benzline, each
Purchase Order was to be binding once a pro forma invoice from Lorinser,
including the necessary details, was received by Benzline, provided that
Lorinser then received full payment for the base Mercedes-Benz cars (but not
the Lorinser modifications). In practical terms, this meant that Benzline was
bound once full payment for the base Mercedes-Benz cars had been received. The
difference between this and the arrangement between Daimler and Lorinser can
be better explained with the aid of the following chart, which depicts the
relevant part of the ordering process:

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)Under
the Benzline–Lorinser Agreement, Benzline was to be bound by a Purchase Order
at stage A as depicted in the chart, when it had paid Lorinser for the base
Mercedes-Benz cars. As between Lorinser and Daimler, Lorinser was to be bound
at stage B instead, when the 30% deposit had been paid to Daimler.

44 What is striking about this arrangement is that Lorinser made sure to more
than cover its liabilities to Daimler: by the time Lorinser paid a deposit and
became bound by its Purchase Order to Daimler, it would have already received
full payment for the cars it was ordering from Daimler. It follows that, once
the Exclusive Sub-Dealership Agreement was concluded on back-to-back terms,
Benzline would have been similarly protected. In the ordinary run of things,
Daimler’s processes would only be set in motion after full payment for the
Mercedes-Benz cars had been channelled from Supercars to Benzline and
subsequently to Lorinser.

Was there a failure of consideration/basis grounding a claim in unjust
enrichment?

The law

45 The three requirements of a claim in unjust enrichment are (a) enrichment
of the defendant, (b) at the expense of the plaintiff, and (c) circumstances
which make the enrichment unjust (ie, the presence of an “unjust factor”): see
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific
Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and another appeal [2011] 3 SLR 540
at [110]. Additionally, the defendant may attempt to raise defences to defeat
the claim in whole or to reduce the quantum of the claim. In the present case,
the first two requirements are not seriously contested. The crucial question
is whether the third requirement is satisfied.

46 The specific unjust factor relied upon in this case was pleaded as a
failure of consideration, which the Judge referred to instead as a “failure of
basis”; the two terms are synonymous (and should not be confused with the more
controversial thesis, which is not before us, that the law of unjust
enrichment should be centred around the concept of “absence of basis”: see
Prof Andrew Burrows, The Law of Restitution (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed,
2011) (“The Law of Restitution”) at pp 95–116). The concept of failure of
basis is succinctly summarised in Prof Charles Mitchell, Prof Paul Mitchell &
Dr Stephen Watterson, Goff & Jones: The Law of Unjust Enrichment (Sweet &
Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2016) (“Goff & Jones”) at para 12–01, as follows:

… The core underlying idea of failure of basis is simple: a benefit has been
conferred on the joint understanding that the recipient’s right to retain it
is conditional. If the condition is not fulfilled, the recipient must return
the benefit. …

The inquiry has two parts: first, what was the basis for the transfer in
respect of which restitution is sought; and second, did that basis fail?

47 The first stage is largely common sense, but three less obvious points must
be observed.

48 First, it is important not to confuse “consideration” in the familiar
contractual sense with “consideration” or “basis” in the law of unjust
enrichment. Consideration in contract law refers to a counter-promise given in
exchange for a promise. But in the law of unjust enrichment,
consideration/basis refers to one of two things.

49 In the promissory sense, consideration/basis is the performance of a
counter-promise, to be distinguished from the counter-promise itself: see
Fibrosa Spolka Akcyjna v Fairbairn Lawson Combe Barbour Ltd [1943] AC 32
(“Fibrosa”) at 48. This is only logical: when a party performs its part of the
bargain, it does so not in reliance on the mere legal existence of the
counter-promise, but rather in the expectation that the counter-promise will
actually be performed. As the House of Lords put it in Fibrosa (at 48), in the
context of a payment made on a contract which was frustrated, “[t]he money was
paid to secure performance and, if performance fails the inducement which
brought about the payment is not fulfilled”.

50 Additionally, in the context of unjust enrichment, consideration/basis can
also refer to what Prof Burrows describes as “a non-promissory contingent
condition”, ie, an expected event or state of affairs which neither party is
responsible for bringing about: see The Law of Restitution (supra at [46]) at
pp 320–321; Prof Peter Birks, Introduction to the Law of Restitution (Oxford
University Press, 1985) at pp 223–224, quoted with approval by Robert Walker
LJ in Gribbon v Lutton [2002] 2 WLR 842 at [61]. An example of restitution
being ordered for failure of this sort of basis is United Artists ([20]
supra), in which the High Court ordered restitution of a payment made as a
pre-contractual deposit on an anticipated contract which eventually failed to
materialise. Similarly, in Roxborough v Rothmans of Pall Mall Australia Ltd
[2001] HCA 68 (“Roxborough”), the High Court of Australia ordered restitution
of a payment intended to cover a tax which was later declared to be invalid.
In United Artists, there was no promise that a contract would materialise,
just as in Roxborough there was no promise that the tax would be validly
imposed; the conclusion of the contract and the validity of the tax were both
conditions which no party was obligated to bring about, but which the parties
expected would be fulfilled in future. Nonetheless, restitution was available
when those conditions failed.

51 Secondly, not every expectation which a party has in making a transfer
forms part of the basis of that transfer. The basis of a transfer must be
objectively determined based on what is communicated between the parties; the
parties’ uncommunicated subjective thoughts are irrelevant: see Goff & Jones
(supra at [46]) at para 13-02. A basis may be expressed, but it may also be
implied, as was done in Rowland v Divall [1923] KB 500 (“Rowland”). In that
case, the English Court of Appeal found that the basis for a car buyer’s
payment was that the seller had good title to the car to sell, even though
nothing had been said in that regard. That the seller had good title to pass
to the buyer was a fundamental feature of the sale and could be implied as
part of the basis for the payment: see Goff & Jones at para 13-06.
Significantly, it is clear from the authorities that even where a basis is
implied, that implication must be based on objective features of the transfer
and its context, and not merely on a fortuitous overlap between the
unexpressed expectations of the parties. In Rowland, the passage of good title
was objectively fundamental to the sale of a car, and this would have been
apparent to any observer. The reasoning in Roxborough can be analysed in the
same way. Although there had been no express provision or discussion regarding
whether the disputed portion of the payment was conditional on the tax being
payable, it was objectively ascertainable that the tax being payable was an
implied basis for that portion of the payment: that portion was reflected in
the invoices as a “tobacco licence fee”, and it therefore stood to reason that
it was dependent on a tobacco licence fee being payable to the government in
the first place.

52 Thirdly, although it is usual and convenient to refer to the basis of a
transfer, the reality is that, as the learned authors of Goff & Jones observe
at para 13-14, a transfer may have more than one basis. Rowland is an example
of such a situation: the physical delivery of the car was, no doubt, a basis
of the buyer’s payment, but, equally fundamentally, was the transfer of good
title. Thus, the relevant “basis” in Rowland was delivery of the car
accompanied by title. The fact that the car was delivered without good title
meant that a fundamental component of the basis had failed, such that it could
(under the orthodox position that total failure is required) legitimately be
said that the basis had wholly failed even though the buyer had physical
possession of the car for several months before the defect in title was
discovered.

53 Having identified the basis of the transfer, the next step is to determine
whether that basis has failed. The prevailing position is that the failure
must be total, not partial. The exception, if it can be called one, is where a
contract is divisible such that it can be said that there has been a total
failure of the consideration for/basis of a discrete part of that contract:
see Max Media FZ LLC v Nimbus Media Pte Ltd [2010] 2 SLR 677 at [24], citing
Fibrosa at 77.

54 It has been argued that the requirement of a total failure is artificial,
and that the law should evolve to recognise partial failure of
consideration/basis as a ground of restitution even in indivisible contracts.
Prof Burrows in The Law of Restitution (supra at [46]) contends at pp 325–326
that Rowland and similar cases should be reinterpreted as allowing restitution
of money for partial failure of consideration. Such arguments were not,
however, raised by the parties in the present dispute, nor does it appear that
they would make a difference in the result. We therefore proceed on the
footing that the failure must be total, without necessarily foreclosing the
possibility of future developments in this regard.

55 Finally, we touch briefly on one situation which can give rise to
particular difficulties: that of advance payment on a contract. The
availability of restitution often depends on whether such a payment is
characterised as a deposit (properly so called) or only a part payment. A
useful summary can be found in Prof Yeo Tiong Min, SC’s lecture “Deposits: At
the Intersection of Contract, Restitution, Equity and Statute” (Yong Pung How
Professorship of Law Lecture, 16 May 2013) at para 4. In brief, the basis for
the payment of a deposit is to serve as an earnest for the payor’s
performance, ie, as a disincentive (by the mechanism of forfeiture or
retention of the deposit) to the payor’s breach. Naturally, the ability of the
payee to forfeit or retain the deposit also helps to protect the payor from
the losses which would be caused by the breach. However, the incurring of loss
by the payor is not, unless otherwise provided, a precondition for the
forfeiting or retention of the deposit, nor is it part of the basis for the
payment.

56 There are, of course, situations in which even that basis can totally fail
(such as the payee’s repudiatory breach), but termination by the payee for the
payor’s repudiatory breach is not one of them. This is because, among other
things, ordering restitution in such circumstances would allow the payor to
profit from his own breach: see Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor and others
and another appeal [2007] 3 SLR(R) 537 at [84].

Application to the present appeal

57 The Judge found that the Payment was made in order to show good faith and
seriousness, and that an implicit and integral part of its basis was that it
should be refunded if the Exclusive Sub-Dealership Agreement was not
concluded. We respectfully disagree. The Judge’s analysis was – understandably
but erroneously – modelled on the reasoning in United Artists (supra at [20]).
In that case, Belinda Ang J found that the payments made by the plaintiffs
were intended as “pre-contract deposits which served as an indication of the
plaintiffs’ confidence with funding, genuine interest and seriousness” in the
deal (at [186]). Put differently, the payments were made on the basis that
they were to demonstrate that the plaintiffs were willing and able to perform
the contemplated agreement, rather than to serve as an earnest for
performance. This was despite the fact that the payments were used, and the
plaintiffs knew that they would be used, to pay differential premium payments
due to the Land Office.

58 It may appear that the facts in the present appeal are analogous to those
in United Artists. The contemplated Exclusive Sub-Dealership Agreement
corresponds to the contemplated development and lease agreement, the Payment
here corresponds to the payments there, and the use of the Payment to pay the
deposit to Daimler corresponds to the use of the payments to make differential
premium payments due to the Land Office. On closer examination, however, we
agree with Benzline’s submission that that appearance is misleading.

59 To begin with, three important facts were present in United Artists which
are absent here. First, there were multiple references to “good faith payment”
and the like in the documentary evidence (at [185]); second, the defendants
had specifically sought “tangible assurance of [the plaintiffs’] financial
ability” to complete the deal (at [186]); and, third, it had been repeatedly
emphasised during the negotiations that all the arrangements were “subject to
contract” (at [61]). It is unsurprising, given these facts, that Ang J reached
the conclusion that the payments were – objectively – intended to be
recoverable in the event of failure to reach a final agreement.

60 In contrast, we agree with Benzline’s submission that there is no evidence
in the present case to suggest that good faith payment was ever discussed, or
even that Supercars’ good faith, seriousness, or ability to perform was ever
in doubt. In fact, the witnesses were unanimous in their evidence that, by the
time the Payment was made, both sides were bullish about the success of the
deal and saw the entry into the Exclusive Sub-Dealership Agreement as
inevitable or even a mere formality. Moreover, although it is not disputed
that only non-binding drafts of the contemplated Exclusive Sub-Dealership
Agreement were ever exchanged, there was no express indication that none of
the arrangements were to be binding until the Exclusive Sub-Dealership
Agreement was concluded.

61 If demonstrating good faith and seriousness was not the reason for the
Payment, what was? We need not search far for that answer. The evidence shows
that the Payment was requested because Daimler had been pressing Lorinser to
pay the deposit on the Purchase Order for the first batch of cars, and
Lorinser in turn had been pressing Benzline to pay or procure the money for
the deposit (see [10]–[11] above). This explains why the sum was, in Mr
Chong’s words, “urgently needed” by Benzline. This was not news to Supercars,
as EH had, in his e-mail of 17 January 2014 sent to Mr Chua and copied to
Benzline, urged Supercars to submit the First Purchase Order and to pay the
deposit to Lorinser’s account, so as to allow Lorinser to pay the deposit to
Daimler. Supercars was thus aware that Lorinser expected to receive payment
from Supercars and that the payment would subsequently be channelled to
Daimler. EH’s e-mail also reiterated to Supercars the fundamental concern that
if the First Purchase Order was not placed soon and the deposit on it was not
paid, the first batch of cars would be delayed and this in turn could make it
difficult for Supercars to meet the sales target for 2014. This was because,
from the time the supply process was set in motion, there would be a delay of
some months (three to four months for cars produced in Germany, without
factoring in time required for shipping and Lorinser’s modifications) before
the cars would be available for sale in Singapore. All this was accepted by
both Mr Chua and Mr Ng on affidavit and was not departed from at trial.

62 It should be noted that had the Exclusive Sub-Dealership Arrangement
already been concluded (on terms mirroring the First Draft Agreement), such
difficulties would not have arisen. Ordinarily, full payment for the base
Mercedes-Benz cars would have been made by Supercars upon receipt of a pro
forma invoice. This full payment would have been channelled by Benzline to
Lorinser, and Lorinser would have paid the deposit out of those moneys. But
because neither the Benzline–Lorinser Agreement nor the Exclusive Sub-
Dealership Arrangement was in place, there was nothing to oblige Supercars to
make full payment to Benzline or to oblige Benzline to make full payment to
Lorinser. Lorinser thus had no moneys (other than its own, which it was
unwilling to risk) to pay the deposit out of. That was why an ad hoc
arrangement had to be negotiated to allow the Daimler production process to be
set in motion.

63 Adding to the time pressure was the fact that Daimler’s and Lorinser’s
requests for payment came shortly before the Chinese New Year period.
Supercars’ evidence was that its officers and employees were in the habit of
taking a break of 10–14 days during this period. Further, Mr Yu would be
returning to Malaysia for two to three weeks. It followed that if the Payment
was not effected before the Chinese New Year period, there would likely have
been a significant delay before Supercars would have been administratively
capable of attending to the Payment.

64 In short, someone had to immediately come up with the funds to pay Daimler
in order to avoid an undesirable delay in the supply of Lorinser cars further
down the road, and thus to allow the expected Exclusive Sub-Dealership
Agreement to be effectively performed. Lorinser was unwilling to do so. So was
Benzline, since it saw itself as essentially a middleman. Benzline therefore
took the view that Supercars should be the one to come up with the money.
Supercars, conscious of the urgency of the situation, acquiesced and made the
Payment, and this allowed the First Purchase Order to be placed and the
deposit on that order paid. Benzline in fact did use the $300,000 to pay the
deposit to Lorinser, which then paid the deposit to Daimler, as stated by Mr
Ng in re-examination.

65 For these reasons, we find that the purpose of the Payment was to enable
Lorinser to pay Daimler the deposit and thereby to avoid future delay, and not
to show good faith and seriousness. To her credit, counsel for Supercars, Ms
Ho May Kim (“Ms Ho”), did not dispute the latter point before us. Instead, she
focused on Supercars’ argument that – although the Payment was intended to be
used to pay the deposit to Daimler – a further and integral part of the basis
of the Payment was that it was conditional on the parties subsequently
entering into the Exclusive Sub-Dealership Agreement. This argument had
considerable force, particularly in the light of frankly disastrous testimony
by Mr Ng in which, under cross-examination by Ms Ho, he agreed that the First
Purchase Order was “placed on the condition that Supercars would be sub-
dealer” (as noted at [52] of the GD) and that “[t]he $300,000 deposit was a
pre-contractual deposit on the basis that the parties were going to sign a
sub-dealer contract”.

66 Despite the attractiveness of Supercars’ argument, we have come to the view
that the true basis of the Payment was slightly (but crucially) different from
what Supercars asserts. Mr Ng’s testimony must be interpreted bearing in mind
his lack of legal training. What a layperson describes as a “condition” or
“basis” may not be that in law. In the present case, it is equally plausible
that, when read in context, Mr Ng’s answers reflect only that the parties
expected or assumed that the Exclusive Sub-Dealership Agreement would be
entered into, and not necessarily that this expectation/assumption was
communicated and formed the legal basis for the transfer. When the testimony
of the other witnesses is considered, it appears to us that there was no such
communication, and that the assumption (if any) was just that: an assumption.
Here, Mr Chua was the only witness to assert, at trial, that there had been
express communication – allegedly by Mr Yu to Mr Ng – that the Payment was to
be refunded if the Exclusive Sub-Dealership Agreement did not materialise. His
assertion was at odds with his own affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) as
well as that of Mr Yu, which stated merely that no one from Benzline had told
them that the Payment was not refundable. Since any express statement of
refundability/conditionality by either party would be obviously beneficial to
Supercars’ case, the absence of any mention of it in Mr Chua’s and Mr Yu’s
AEICs gives rise to a strong inference that there was no such communication.
Mr Yu’s own oral testimony was that he had an understanding that the Payment
was refundable, and that this understanding was based on unspecified
conversations between both sides to the effect that the Exclusive Sub-
Dealership Agreement “was [the] basis for the whole thing … to start off
with”. In essence, it seems that he had taken the importance of the Exclusive
Sub-Dealership Agreement, and the fact that it had sparked the process of
negotiation in the first place, and had jumped to a conclusion on his own as
to the refundability of the Payment. The last nail in the coffin is Mr Chong’s
unequivocal answer on the topic of refundability of the Payment: “Nothing of
that sort was discussed.”

67 Since the weight of the evidence is against there having been any express
understanding that entry into the Exclusive Sub-Dealership Agreement formed
part of the basis of the Payment, the next question is whether that basis can
be objectively implied. In our view, it cannot be. As earlier stated (at [51]
above), mere fortuitous agreement between parties’ unspoken assumptions is
insufficient; the basis to be implied must be fundamental to the transaction,
or otherwise obvious to an objective observer. It was inherently unlikely that
Benzline would be willing to place in Supercars’ hands the ability to claw
back the Payment simply by refusing to sign the Exclusive Sub-Dealership
Agreement later. This would have placed on Benzline the very risk which it had
taken pains to avoid, and which had led it to involve Supercars in the first
place: the risk of being liable for the Lorinser cars and potentially having
to sell them directly. Apart from the unfairness to Benzline, that
interpretation would also come close to allowing Supercars to be rewarded for
its own wrong (although, strictly speaking, the withholding of agreement would
not generally be a wrong). Such a perverse incentive to withdraw would cut
against both parties’ intentions for the venture to succeed. Moreover,
Supercars did not make the Payment blindly, but having had sight of the First
Draft Agreement. Objectively, this must indicate that the terms in that
agreement were, in the main, acceptable to Supercars. It would make little
sense for Supercars to be able subsequently to back out and retrieve the
Payment due to disagreement with a term already in the First Draft Agreement.

68 In these circumstances, we find that the implied basis for the Payment was
not that the parties would enter into the Exclusive Sub-Dealership Agreement,
but that Benzline would offer Supercars the Exclusive Sub-Dealership on terms
which would correspond in material ways to the First Draft Agreement. That is
what an objective observer would conclude from the whole course of conduct of
the parties leading to that point.

69 Moving on to the second stage of the inquiry, we find that this basis did
not fail. Benzline was prepared to move forward with the Exclusive Sub-
Dealership Agreement. It was Supercars which threw a spanner in the works by
refusing to agree to provide a standby LC and, subsequently, suggesting that
it contract directly with Lorinser and by-pass Benzline altogether. Given the
existence of that unresolved agreement (an apparently irresolvable one, given
Lorinser’s insistence on a standby LC), there would have been no point in
Benzline drafting and sending Supercars a copy of the Exclusive Sub-Dealership
Agreement for signature; Supercars would, on its own evidence, have declined
to execute it. Granted, had the Second Draft Agreement contained terms
drastically different from those of the First Draft Agreement, Supercars might
have had a good argument that the introduction of the new terms meant that the
basis earlier defined had failed. But that was not the case: the term
requiring a standby LC had been included, and translated, in the First Draft
Agreement (as cl 18.2). All that was missing from cl 18.2 was the quantum of
the standby LC. Although that detail was doubtless significant, Mr Chua
clearly stated, at numerous points in his oral testimony, that his objection
was based not on the quantum, but on the fact that a standby LC was required
at all. Moreover, the quantum of the standby LC (€250,000) was not outlandish
given the value of the car orders which the parties expected to be placing. In
other words, the situation which arose – disagreement over a term which had
earlier been communicated to Supercars – did not to any extent undermine the
basis for the Payment.

70 For the avoidance of doubt, we note that our analysis has not required us
to determine, first, whether the First Purchase Order gave rise to a binding
contract and, if so, between whom, and second, whether the Payment was a
deposit as between Supercars and Benzline. That is all for the better, as the
answers to those questions would not be straightforward. On the contract
point, the fact that the First Purchase Order was placed by communications
between Supercars and Lorinser, without Benzline’s involvement, and at a time
subsequent to the Payment, points toward Supercars and Lorinser being the
contracting parties, if there was a contract formed. Yet there are indications
to the contrary as well, such as the fact that parties all along intended to
structure their dealings as notional sales from Benzline to Supercars. On the
deposit point, although the Payment was no doubt intended to finally be used
to pay a deposit (in the strict sense) to Daimler, it is less clear whether it
was also intended to be a deposit (whether in the strict or loose sense) as
between Supercars and Benzline. Regardless, it is for a plaintiff seeking
restitution to identify the basis of a transfer and show that it has failed,
and not for a defendant to positively establish its nature and continuing
validity. For that reason, Supercars’ claim fails.

Benzline’s counterclaim

71 Since the Planning Orders were never intended to be contractually binding,
the counterclaim for lost profits on the Planning Order for the Singapore
market must also fail.

72 The same applies to the counterclaim for lost sales in Thailand. Further,
the Judge was right to observe that not only was there “scant evidence that
any agreement was reached in respect of cars for the Thai market”, there had
not even been any Planning Orders submitted in respect of Thailand (see the GD
at [87]). Thus, even if we had found that the Planning Orders were
contractually binding, Benzline would still have no basis for this
counterclaim.

73 Finally, the counterclaim for damages for breach of the Purchase Orders
placed has more substance to it, but is ultimately also unsustainable. Even if
we assume that the Purchase Orders gave rise to binding contracts, that
Benzline is the proper party to bring a claim under them, and that the
contracts were breached, we agree with Supercars that Benzline has not shown
that it suffered any loss from the breach. Supercars points out that there are
a number of significant evidential deficiencies in Benzline’s proof of losses
suffered. More importantly, on Benzline’s own evidence, it has managed to find
a substitute sub-dealer willing to take on both the exclusive sub-dealership
and the purchase of cars. That substitute is Regal. As Mr Ng stated, it
“agreed to take over the 30 cars as well as to commit to the balance of 70
cars for 2014”. Moreover, Regal has taken up the agreement on the same terms
which Supercars had intended to, as Mr Ng acknowledged at trial. Consequently,
the burden of selling the Lorinser cars and recouping their costs has been
passed to Regal, as he also acknowledged. This is confirmed by the terms of
the contract between Benzline and Regal, which, as Supercars points out in its
written submissions, give Benzline a contractual right to claim from Regal the
costs of the cars, bank charges, freight, and the Lorinser modifications.

74 It follows from the above that any loss suffered by Benzline was a result
of Regal’s default (ie, its failure to perform the contractual obligations it
had taken on). Such loss was not caused by Supercars. Under cross-examination,
Mr Ng effectively conceded as much in the following exchange:

Q And can I point you to paragraph 53 of your affidavit, the last sentence or
the last two sentences? I’ll read it out:

[Reads] “… However, since the 2nd Plaintiff was not able to fulfil their terms
I then looked to Regal Motors. After discussion with Regal Motors, they agreed
to take over the 30 cars as well as to commit to the balance” ---of--- “70
cars for 2014.”

So I put it to you that you have sold the 30 cars and you do not have a claim
for Euro 1.4 million. Do you agree? Just yes or no.

A I agree but then again they have agreed to buy from me but they have not
made full payment.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

There is no indication that Benzline has attempted to sue Regal or otherwise
compel Regal to perform its obligations.

75 During the oral hearing of this appeal, we gave Benzline’s counsel, Mr Yeo,
an opportunity to address these problems. His frank admission that he saw the
difficulty and had no answer is to be credited.

Conclusion

76 For the reasons given above, we find that both Supercars’ claim and
Benzline’s counterclaim should fail. We therefore allow the appeal against the
Judge’s decision in so far as it relates to Supercars’ claim, and affirm the
Judge’s decision in so far as it relates to Benzline’s counterclaim. We set
aside the order made by the Judge that Benzline pay Supercars Lorinser the sum
of $300,000. As for the costs of the trial, the Judge’s order that Benzline
pay the same is also set aside.

77 We will hear the parties on costs. The parties shall file and exchange
their respective submissions on the costs here (including on quantum as we are
likely to fix costs) and below (on principle, not quantum, as the costs below
must go for taxation) within 21 days hereof. Such submissions shall be limited
to ten pages each. Thereafter, they may file reply submissions within the
following seven days, limited to five pages each.

78 For the parties’ guidance, we observe that this is a case where both the
plaintiffs’ claim and the defendant’s counterclaim should have been (and have
now been) dismissed. The applicable principles as to costs in such an outcome
are accurately summarised in the headnote to Mok Kwong Yue v Ding Leng Kong
[2012] 1 SLR 737 as follows:

(1) … in a situation where both a claim and the counterclaim failed and were
dismissed with costs and where there was a separate and substantial question
raised by the counterclaim, there had to be substantial costs paid by the
defendant to the plaintiff in relation to the counterclaim, and an
apportionment of the costs. But where the subject matter of the counterclaim
was identical to the defence or part of the defence, no apportionment should
be ordered, but rather the plaintiff should be allowed only the extra costs
incurred by reason of the counterclaim. …

79 In the court below, there was some overlap between the counterclaim and the
defence to the claim, but it cannot be said that the counterclaim was
“identical to the defence or part of the defence”. Benzline’s pleaded defence
was simply that the Payment sought to be recovered was a deposit on a
standalone agreement for the purchase of cars. Its counterclaim ranged much
wider, embracing the enforceability of the Planning Orders, lost sales in
Singapore and Thailand, and other matters which do not appear to be material
to the defence.

80 In the present appeal, Benzline has succeeded but only in part and the
issue on which it succeeded is distinct from the issue on which it failed.
What is the correct costs order to be made in this situation? Applying the
principles stated above, there appears to be a need for an apportionment of
costs between Supercars and Benzline, albeit that apportionment would take
into consideration those parts of Benzline’s counterclaim which would have had
to be raised in any event as part of Benzline’s defence. Whether this is
indeed correct and, if so, how the costs should be apportioned are issues
which ought to be addressed in the parties’ submissions on costs.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Leslie Yeo (Sterling Law Corporation) for the appellant;  
Ho May Kim and Harry Zheng (Selvam LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

