Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 77

HC/Tax Appeal No 16 of 2017

In the Matter of Order 55, Rule 2 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, Rule 5)

And

In the Matter of Income Tax Appeals No 11 to 15 of 2016

Between

BRE

… Appellant

And

Comptroller of Income Tax

… Respondent

judgment

[Revenue law] — [income taxation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BRE

  
v

  

Comptroller of Income Tax

[2018] SGHC 77

High Court —HC/Tax Appeal No 16 of 2017  
Choo Han Teck J  
21 March 2018

2 April 2018 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 BRE is an Australian citizen and TGS is an Australian company. In a letter
of 4 March 2011, TGS offered BRE a position in the company. The offer was
accepted and BRE signed a contract with TGS on the same date with the
commencement of work stated as 4 April 2011. The title of the position was
“project development manager”, which reports directly to the general manager
of TGS Asia Pacific.

2 BRE was served with notices to pay tax on his income derived from payments
to him by TGS between 2012 and 2016. Those payments were all paid into a
company called Subjunctive, incorporated in Singapore on 2 June 2010. BRE
disputes the notices because he says that he was never an employee of TGS.
BRE, at all material times, held an employment pass issued by the Ministry of
Manpower, which recorded Subjunctive as BRE’s employer. BRE claims that it was
Subjunctive that had a contractual relationship with TGS, and that the
payments made by TGS had been made to Subjunctive. Thus, although the
remuneration on which the Comptroller of Income Tax wished to have taxed might
have been the same payments, they were payments to Subjunctive and not to BRE,
and Subjunctive ought to have been served with the notices to pay tax, not BRE
himself.

3 The Income Tax Board of Review (“the Board”) heard BRE’s application for
review and on 4 July 2017, it dismissed BRE’s claim that he was not an
employee of TGS. BRE appealed before me against the decision of the Board.

4 The sole issue here and below is a straightforward one — was BRE an employee
of TGS, or, as BRE claims, was he an employee of Subjunctive which had a
contract for services with TGS? The earliest document of significance is the
letter of offer by TGS dated 4 March 2011. The subject heading of that letter
was “Project Development Manager”. I am of the view that the letter is self-
explanatory and answers the questions posed before the Board and repeated
before this court. I will therefore set out that letter in full —

Dear [BRE]

PROJECT DEVELOPMENT MANAGER

Please accept this letter as a formal expression of our offer of employment
with [TGS]. We are excited about the opportunity to have you join our team and
know there are many mutually rewarding experiences that will be shared as our
company continues to grow. It is with great pleasure that TGS offers you the
position of Project Development Manager with the following compensation and
benefits package:

• Base pay of SGD $228,000 per annum (SGD $19,000 per month) (gross)

• Annualized target share of Net Income Before Tax of SGD $68,400 (see details
below)

• Accommodation expenses reimbursement at the rate of SGD $7,000/mth

• Retirement savings plan contributions at the rate of the SGD $1,500/mth.

• Company funded medical benefits insurance.

This position is based in Singapore and reports to [RS], General Manager –
Asia Pacific.

In addition to base salary, the following Net Income Before Tax compensation
package will be provided:

Assuming you begin employment on or before April 4th, you will earn a
percentage of [TGS’s] Net Income Before Tax (“NIBT”) beginning in the 4th
quarter of 2011. Your NIBT target will equate to SGD $68,400 per annum.

NIBT represents the pre-tax profit of TGS’s worldwide operations as reported
to the Oslo Stock Exchange. Payments are made on a quarterly basis two months
subsequent to the end of each calendar quarter and you must be employed at the
time of payment to be eligible for the quarter’s NIBT payment.

Again, we look forward to welcoming you to our company and helping us expand
the Asia Pacific region. If you have any questions regarding this office,
please feel free to contact me.

This offer is made subject to the full disclosure of any confidentiality or
non-compete agreement that you have entered or may subsequently enter into in
the process of finalising your appointment with your existing employer.

To complete the appointment, please complete & return the enclosed employment
contract together with any required disclosure of the terms and conditions of
any confidentiality or non-compete agreements.

Looking forward to working with you [BRE].

5 That letter was accompanied by the formal contract which was entitled “Terms
and Conditions – Employment Contract”. It was also dated 4 March 2011 although
the date of commencement was stated to be 4 April 2011. The five-page contract
was signed by BRE after the signature of Bruce, the Director of Finance of
TGS. In his acceptance, BRE declared:

I, [BRE], having read and understood the Terms and Conditions of Employment,
hereby accept the position of Project Development Manager, effective Monday, 4
April 2011.

6 There is no need to mark an accent on either the offer letter or the
Contract. The documents show plainly and unequivocally that TGS was employing
BRE as its project manager in Singapore. The only peculiarity is that BRE did
not hold an employment pass under TGS. That was only because when BRE signed
the contract with TGS he was already holding an employment pass under
Subjunctive — a company created and owned by him, which has no other employee
other than BRE himself. The Comptroller also alleged that Subjunctive had no
other clients other than TGS (assuming that TGS was its client).

7 BRE claims that he had been working as the Project Development Manager for
TGS as an employee of Subjunctive, but he could not produce any contract
between TGS and Subjunctive, and was thus compelled to claim that it was an
oral contract. Since he is the one and only officer in Subjunctive, the Board,
and this court, would require some corroboration from the other party to the
oral contract but no one from TGS testified in support of BRE’s claims.

8 Mr Lazarus, counsel for BRE, argued that if BRE was treated as the employee
of TGS, then it must follow that without an employment pass with TGS, BRE must
have been working illegally in Singapore, and that being so, no tax should be
payable by him for illegally obtained income.

9 It is not disputed that BRE did not have an employment pass with TGS. It is
therefore clear that he had been working illegally in that sense, but
illegality is a garden of mixed fruit, and not all are forbidden to the tax
authority. Unless BRE can show some ground that offends public policy, income
earned by a resident is taxable even if that resident did not have the
requisite licence for his work. This appeal is dismissed with costs to be
taxed if not agreed.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Lazarus Nicholas Philip (Justicius Law Corporation) for the appellant;  
Charles Li Yourui and Shawn Joo Jian Hua (Inland Revenue Authority of
Singapore (Law Division)) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

