Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 56

Originating Summons No 845 of 2017  

In the matter of Section 4(10) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) and
s 18(2) read with the First Schedule of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of an ICC arbitration between Hilton International Manage
(Maldives) Pvt Ltd and Sun Travels & Tours Pvt Ltd  
---  
  
Between

HILTON INTERNATIONAL MANAGE (MALDIVES) PVT LTD

… Plaintiff

And

SUN TRAVELS & TOURS PVT LTD

… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Arbitration] –– [Agreement] –– [Breach]

[Arbitration] –– [Agreement] –– [Scope]

[Arbitration] –– [Award] –– [Recourse against award]

  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Hilton International Manage (Maldives) Pvt Ltd

  

v

  

Sun Travels & Tours Pvt Ltd

[2018] SGHC 56

High Court — Originating Summons No 845 of 2017  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J 24, 27 October, 2, 20 November 2017  

14 March 2018

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 Originating Summons No 845 of 2017 (“OS 845”) dated 24 July 2017 (which was
subsequently amended on 20 November 2017) is an application for a permanent
anti-suit injunction to restrain a party from instituting or continuing with
proceedings in a foreign court in breach of an arbitration agreement. Besides
seeking a permanent anti-suit injunction, the plaintiff also applied for
various declaratory orders from this court. In this case, OS 845 was taken out
after arbitration proceedings between the plaintiff and defendant (“the
Arbitration”) had concluded and the Partial Award dated 27 May 2015 (“Partial
Award”) and the Final Award dated 17 August 2015 (“Final Award”) (collectively
“the Awards”) had been issued in favour of the plaintiff, but the defendant
(as the losing party in the Singapore-seated arbitration) successfully
obtained, on 9 March 2017, judgment in a civil action that it commenced on 16
October 2016 in the Maldivian High Court on the same issues raised and argued
in the arbitration (“the March Judgment”). The plaintiff has appealed against
the March Judgment, which effectively contradicts the outcome of the
arbitration; this appeal is pending before the Maldivian appellate court at
the time OS 845 was heard before me (see [19] below). In the meantime, the
plaintiff’s latest effort to enforce the Singapore award in Maldives has
failed; the Maldivian court cited the existence of the March Judgment as the
reason for the court’s refusal to enforce the Awards.

2 The plaintiff argued that by commencing the Maldivian civil action in
October 2016 (“the Maldivian action”), the defendant breached the arbitration
agreement between the parties, namely its negative obligation not to seek
relief in any other forum, and sought the relief in OS 845 to restrain the
defendant from pursuing and/or continuing proceedings in the Maldives begun in
breach of the arbitration agreement contained in the hotel management contract
signed on 27 February 2009 (“the Management Agreement”) and/or the Terms of
Reference in ICC Arbitration Case Number 19482/TO dated 27 September 2013
(“the Terms of Reference”). The defendant claimed that the Maldivian action
was simply part of the defendant’s efforts to resist enforcement of the Awards
in the Maldives, as it was entitled to do, and the plaintiff was simply coming
to this court to aid its enforcement of the Awards. The defendant further
argued that the court had no jurisdiction over the defendant, and in the
alternative, that there were good reasons why a permanent anti-suit injunction
should not be granted in this case.

3 During the course of the hearings, the parties were directed to address the
additional issue of whether the defendant’s commencement of the civil action
in Maldives post arbitral award was an attempt to circumvent the Awards. If
so, would the Maldivian action be a breach of the arbitration agreement
between the parties, in particular a breach of its negative obligation not to
commence proceedings in another forum and/or not to set aside or otherwise
attack the Awards in a jurisdiction other than the seat of the Arbitration?
These written grounds will discuss the implied promises identified in two
English cases, namely Ust-Kamenogorsk Hydropower Plant JSC v AES Ust-
Kamenogorsk Hydropower Plant LLP [2013] UKSC 35 (“AES UST”) and C v D [2007]
EWCA Civ 1282 (“C v D”), and will also consider whether either breach could
amount to, inter alia, a collateral attack on the Awards and/or an abuse of
the Maldivian court process in the context of an application for a permanent
anti-suit injunction. Underpinning this inquiry is the question as to whether
or not the doctrine of abuse of process can apply where the decision under
attack is that of an arbitral tribunal.

4 The following limited orders were made on 20 November 2017:

(a) The defendant is hereby permanently restrained (whether by its officers,
servants, agents or any of them or otherwise howsoever) from taking any steps
in reliance on the ruling in the March Judgment by the courts of the Republic
of Maldives, or any decision upholding the March Judgment. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Prayer 1(b)(i) of amended OS 845.

It is also declared that:

(b) The Awards are final, valid and binding on the parties; 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Prayer 2 of amended OS 845.

and

(c) The defendant’s claim before the courts of the Republic of Maldives in the
Maldivian action is in respect of disputes between the plaintiff and defendant
that have arisen out of or in connection with the Management Agreement, and
any consequential proceedings resulting therefrom (including any appeals) are
in breach of the arbitration agreement in the Management Agreement and/or the
Terms of Reference. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Prayer 3 of amended OS 845.

It is further ordered that:

(d) Nothing in this order shall prevent the defendant from objecting to the
recognition or enforcement of the Awards, and

(e) The defendant is to pay the plaintiff the costs of and incidental to this
application to be taxed on a standard basis, if not agreed.

5 In writing these grounds, I noticed an error on costs in the order of court
extracted by the parties. Whilst the plaintiff had asked for indemnity costs,
the court was not minded to grant that and informed the parties that costs
would be awarded on a standard basis. The position taken is recorded in the
court’s Notes of Arguments. Thus, costs of and incidental to OS 845 were
ordered to be taxed on a standard basis, if not agreed. I understand that an
Assistant Registrar has drawn this mistake to the parties’ attention.

6 The defendant has appealed against all the orders made on 20 November 2017.
I now publish the reasons for the orders made.

The dispute and the Arbitration

7 The plaintiff is a company incorporated in the Maldives and is affiliated
with a large hospitality company operating hotels and resorts worldwide. It
owns several resorts in the Maldives. In February 2009, the parties entered
into the Management Agreement whereby the defendant agreed to convert a hotel
it owned in the Maldives (“the Hotel”) to be managed by the plaintiff under
the plaintiff’s brand for an initial period of 20 years. Over the next few
years, the defendant was dissatisfied with the Hotel’s performance under the
plaintiff’s management. Eventually, in April 2013, the plaintiff gave notice
to the defendant that the Management Agreement was terminated with immediate
effect. The defendant accepted the plaintiff’s termination a few days later on
2 May 2013 as a wrongful repudiation of the Management Agreement.

8 Around two weeks later, on 16 May 2013, the plaintiff commenced arbitration
proceedings by submitting a request for arbitration to the International
Chamber of Commerce (“ICC”) Secretariat relying on cl 18.2 of the Management
Agreement (“the arbitration agreement”), which reads:

18.2 Arbitration

… the Parties irrevocably agree that any dispute, controversy or claim arising
out of or in connection with this [Management Agreement], or the breach,
termination or invalidity thereof shall be finally settled under the Rules of
Arbitration of the [ICC] by one (1) or more arbitrators appointed in
accordance with said Rules. Any arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in
English. The venue of the arbitration shall be Singapore International
Arbitration Centre.

9 On 18 July 2013, the ICC Court of Arbitration (“ICC Court”) fixed Singapore
as the place of the Arbitration. The subsequent Terms of Reference signed by
the parties stated that the ICC Court had fixed Singapore as the place or seat
of the Arbitration.

10 The plaintiff’s claim in the Arbitration was that the defendant was not
entitled to terminate the Management Agreement either by virtue of the
plaintiff’s alleged contractual breaches or misrepresentations, and the
defendant was thus liable to pay damages. The defendant claimed that the
plaintiff had made certain fraudulent misrepresentations as to the financial
projections provided before the parties entered into the Management Agreement,
inducing the plaintiff to enter into the Management Agreement, and that the
plaintiff had committed various breaches of the Management Agreement while
operating the Hotel, justifying termination of the Management Agreement.

11 Both parties participated in the Arbitration, providing written
submissions, witness statements, documentary evidence, and attended the oral
hearings in July 2014 before a three-member arbitral tribunal (“the
Tribunal”). On 27 May 2017, the Tribunal issued the Partial Award finding that
the defendant’s claims of contractual breach and negligent and/or fraudulent
misrepresentation had not been made out and the defendant had thus not been
entitled to terminate the Management Agreement. It dismissed the defendant’s
claims and awarded the plaintiff US$599,095.66 with interest for pre-
termination and GBP 1,051,230.10 for legal and expert’s fees and expenses. It
also awarded the plaintiff damages and costs in relation to the Tribunal and
ICC’s expenses, with the decision on quantum to be reserved to a further
award.

12 The defendant stopped participating in the Arbitration after the issuance
of the Partial Award. On 10 June 2015, the plaintiff made submissions to the
Tribunal on the quantum of damages that the defendant should be liable for.
The defendant did not respond to the plaintiff’s submissions and the Tribunal
issued the Final Award on 17 August 2015 determining the damages and ordering
that the defendant pay to the plaintiff damages in the sum of US$20,945,000 at
simple interest of 3.4% per annum, and US$342,500 for the ICC and Tribunal’s
administrative expenses.

Court proceedings in the Maldives

13 Two sets of proceedings were commenced in the Maldives following the
issuance of the Final Award. Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Toby Landau QC (“Mr
Landau”), characterises the two sets of proceedings as following two
analytically distinct tracks, namely an “enforcement” track (proceedings for
the enforcement of the Awards and a “civil” track (the defendant’s
commencement of the Maldivian action in the Maldivian courts against the
plaintiff for damages). Counsel for the defendant, Mr Andre Maniam, SC (“Mr
Maniam”), on the other hand, argues that the proceedings cannot be as cleanly
separated as Mr Landau maintains, and are all bound up with the issue of
enforcement.

The plaintiff’s enforcement proceedings

14 I start with the enforcement proceedings commenced by the defendant against
the plaintiff in December 2015 in the Maldivian Civil Court under s 72 of the
Maldivian Arbitration Act (“the First Enforcement Proceedings”). The defendant
resisted the enforcement, arguing that enforcement of the Awards would be
contrary to Maldivian public policy as the Management Agreement upon which the
Awards were based was void for misrepresentation. On 28 September 2016, the
Maldivian Civil Court (Property and Monetary Large Claims Division) held that
the matter was beyond the jurisdiction of the division. The plaintiff then
transferred the proceedings to the enforcement division of the Maldivian Civil
Court in November 2016, but the judge declined jurisdiction on 29 November
2016 on the basis that only the Maldivian High Court had the jurisdiction to
enforce arbitral awards. The plaintiff successfully appealed against this
decision to the Maldivian High Court, which found that the Civil Court had
jurisdiction under the Maldivian Arbitration Act.

15 The plaintiff thus re-commenced its enforcement proceedings in the
Maldivian Civil Court (“the Second Enforcement Proceedings”) on 23 April 2017.
On 12 June 2017, the defendant made the same arguments it had made in the
First Enforcement Proceedings to refuse enforcement. The plaintiff filed a
response on 22 June 2017. The Maldivian Civil Court fixed a hearing on that
same afternoon and held that the plaintiff could not enforce the Awards
because of an existing judgment (ie, the March Judgment) issued by the
Maldivian Civil Court in favour of the defendant in the defendant’s civil
action against the plaintiff (“the June Enforcement Judgment”). I now turn to
this civil action.

The defendant’s civil proceedings

16 The defendant commenced the Maldivian action after the First Enforcement
Proceedings had begun and the Property and Monetary Large Claims Division of
the Maldivian Civil Court had declined jurisdiction. In that action, the
defendant claimed against the plaintiff for damages totalling US$16,671,000
arising from breaches of the Management Agreement. The plaintiff filed a
procedural objection relying on the arbitration agreement in the Management
Agreement, and argued that the Tribunal had already determined and dismissed
the defendant’s misrepresentation claims.

17 At this point, the defendant did not dispute that its claims in the
Maldivian action were the same as those raised in the Arbitration (breach and
misrepresentation). It stated in its response to the plaintiff’s procedural
objection that its claims for fraudulent misrepresentations “[could] be
determined in the Maldivian courts as a separate matter even though the same
subject matter of the [Agreement] has already been decided by an [arbitral
tribunal]”. In its statement of claim for the Maldivian action, it also
referred to the documents submitted for the Arbitration as support for its
claim.

18 An oral hearing took place before the Maldivian Civil Court on 11 January
2017, where the court directed that it would determine the procedural and/or
jurisdictional matters together with the merits of the case. Both parties
submitted a written statement in the next two months. In particular, the
defendant explained in its written statement that its claims in the Maldivian
action were different from those determined by the Tribunal as the Tribunal
had dealt with the validity of the Management Agreement whereas the Maldivian
action related to the plaintiff’s fraudulent misrepresentations.

19 Without further hearings or submissions, on 9 March 2017, the Maldivian
Civil Court delivered a three-page written judgment (ie, the March Judgment)
stating that the defendant had made out its cause of action of
misrepresentation, the Management Agreement was hence void and unenforceable
in its entirety and the plaintiff was liable to pay US$16,671,000 to the
defendant in damages. It was this March Judgment that was relied on by the
Maldivian Civil Court to refuse the plaintiff’s enforcement of the Awards in
the June Enforcement Judgment (at [15] above). The plaintiff appealed against
the March Judgment in March 2017 (“the Civil Appeal”) and, at the time I heard
the application, two hearings before the appellate court had been conducted on
1 and 8 August 2017 and the parties expected a further hearing before the
appellate court.

The permanent anti-suit injunction

20 The plaintiff applied to this court on 24 July 2017 for a permanent anti-
suit injunction to restrain the defendant from commencing and/or proceeding
with any action against the plaintiff in the Maldivian courts in relation to
disputes arising from the Management Agreement; a declaration that the Awards
are final, valid and binding on the parties; and a declaration that the
defendant’s actions were in breach of the arbitration agreement.

21 I found that there were three issues to be discussed in relation to the
application for the permanent anti-suit injunction:

(a) Whether the court has jurisdiction over the defendant;

(b) Whether the court has the power to grant a permanent anti-suit injunction
for an arbitration seated in Singapore where arbitration proceedings have
already concluded and the award issued; and

(c) If the answers to (a) and (b) are yes, whether the court should grant the
permanent anti-suit injunction in the overall circumstances of this case.

22 The plaintiff urged the court to grant declaratory orders if the court were
not minded to grant the anti-suit injunction: see Noble Assurance v Gerling-
Konzern General Insurance [2007] EWHC 253 at [101] and [109]. Suffice to say
for now that first, the limited nature of the orders (see [4] above) reflected
the court’s view that the usual anti-suit injunction to restrain foreign court
proceedings in respect of the disputes in connection with the Management
Agreement would not be a proper order given the advanced state of the civil
proceedings in the Maldives, which was in part the consequence of the length
of time it took the plaintiff to apply for an anti-suit injunction. Second,
whilst the orders restrain the defendant from relying on the March Judgment as
an offensive challenge to the Awards in this case, they expressly state that
they do not affect the right of the defendant as an award debtor to defend
enforcement proceedings pursuant to Maldivian law.

Whether the court has jurisdiction over the defendant

23 For the grant of an anti-suit injunction over a foreign defendant, there
must be in personam jurisdiction over the defendant either on the basis of the
defendant’s submission to the court’s jurisdiction or service of the
originating process on the defendant outside Singapore under the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”): s 16 of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”). For the latter, the
plaintiff’s claim must fall within one of the circumstances listed in O 11 r 1
of the Rules and the originating process must have been served in the manner
prescribed by the Rules: Humpuss Sea Transport Pte Ltd (in compulsory
liquidation) v PT Humpuss Intermoda Transportasi TBK and another [2015] 4 SLR
625 (“Humpuss”) at [100].

24 The plaintiff had applied for and obtained an order granting leave to the
plaintiff to serve OS 845 on the defendant out of the jurisdiction. The
defendant applied by way of Summons 4794 of 2017 to set aside this order on
the basis that (a) the plaintiff’s claim did not fall within the limbs of O 11
r 1; (b) there was no serious issue to be tried; (c) Singapore was not the
most appropriate forum to try the case; and (d) there had been material non-
disclosure in the application for leave to serve out of the jurisdiction. It
also argued that the subsequent service of OS 845 on the defendant was invalid
and should be set aside.

Order granting leave to serve out of the jurisdiction

25 I start with the order granting the plaintiff leave to serve OS 845 out of
jurisdiction. The court will only grant leave for service out of jurisdiction
where (Siemens AG v Holdrich Investment Ltd [2010] 3 SLR 1007 at [2]):

(a) The plaintiff’s claim falls within the scope of O 11 of the Rules;

(b) The plaintiff’s claim has a sufficient degree of merit; and

(c) Singapore is the most appropriate forum.

26 The plaintiff argued that by virtue of the parties’ agreement on Singapore
as the seat of the Arbitration, the defendant had submitted or agreed to
submit to the jurisdiction of the Singapore courts (O 11 r 1(r) of the Rules)
and/or that the plaintiff’s claim was under a contract (ie, the arbitration
agreement in the Management Agreement) which contained a term to the effect
that the Singapore court would have jurisdiction to hear and determine any
action in respect of it (O 11 r 1(d)(iv) of the Rules).

27 The arbitration clause in the Management Agreement did not stipulate the
seat of the Arbitration. It merely provided that the “venue of the arbitration
shall be Singapore International Arbitration Centre” and the relevant disputes
to be finally settled under the Rules of Arbitration of the ICC (“the ICC
Rules”). The ICC Court fixed the place of the Arbitration as Singapore on 18
July 2013 in exercise of its power under Art 18(1) of the ICC Rules. Mr Maniam
contended that as the ICC Court had fixed the seat of the Arbitration, the
parties could not be taken to have expressly agreed on Singapore as the seat
of the Arbitration and thus the defendant had not agreed to submit to the
jurisdiction of the Singapore courts. Further, for O 11 r 1(d)(iv), which
requires the claim to involve a breach of contract, Mr Maniam argued that the
plaintiff was not truly trying to enforce the arbitration agreement as a
matter of contract but to prevent the defendant from legitimately resisting
enforcement of the Awards under Maldivian law.

28 I agreed with the plaintiff that the grant of an anti-suit injunction of
the kind sought depends on the seat of the Arbitration rather than the
governing law of the arbitration agreement: see Shashoua v Sharma [2009] EWHC
957 (“Shashoua v Sharma”). The governing law of the arbitration agreement
determines the construction of the agreement, as well as questions as to
formation, validity, effect and discharge of such agreements, whereas the seat
of the arbitration determines the relationship between the parties, and
arbitrators and the supervisory courts. It was acknowledged in West Tankers
Inc v Ras Ruinione Adriatica di Sicurta SpA (The “Front Comor”) [2007] UKHL 4
at [19] that the exercise of the jurisdiction to restrain foreign court
proceedings is generally regarded as an important and valuable weapon in the
hands of a court exercising supervisory jurisdiction over the arbitration.

29 By choosing to arbitrate under the ICC Rules without any specific agreement
as to the seat of the Arbitration, the parties had effectively agreed to allow
the ICC Court the discretion to fix the seat of the Arbitration as per the ICC
Rules, and were bound by the ICC Court’s decision. Further, the parties had
also agreed to the Terms of Reference, which expressly stated that Singapore
was the place or seat of the arbitration. Factually, the state of affairs at
the time the application for leave to serve OS 845 out of jurisdiction was
that ICC Court had decided on Singapore as the seat and the Terms of Reference
had been agreed. The parties had thus agreed to Singapore law as the curial
law and to submit to the Singapore courts’ supervisory jurisdiction over
matters arising out of or in relation to the arbitration agreement. The court
thus possessed jurisdiction over the matter.

30 I accepted that the issue in OS 845 was whether there had been a breach of
the arbitration agreement. The plaintiff’s claim had a sufficient degree of
merit as the commencement of the Maldivian action in the Maldivian Civil Court
was likely to be a breach of the arbitration agreement, either of the
defendant’s obligation not to sue in any other forum or to attempt to set
aside or otherwise attack the Award in places other than the seat of the
Arbitration (ie, Singapore) and/or vexatious and oppressive conduct (further
discussed at [48]-[59] below). It also followed that Singapore, as the court
exercising supervisory jurisdiction, was naturally the most appropriate forum
in which an anti-suit injunction would be sought.

31 Finally, I found no merit in the defendant’s claim that the plaintiff had
failed to fulfil its duty of full and frank disclosure of all material facts
in its application for the order (The “Vasily Golovnin” [2008] 4 SLR(R) 994 at
[83]). Mr Maniam essentially argued that the plaintiff had not disclosed the
fact that there had been no express agreement on the seat of the Arbitration
in the arbitration agreement and the plaintiff had actually argued as such
before the ICC Court, proposing that the seat of the arbitration be London. I
found that the plaintiff had disclosed in its supporting affidavit (a) the
relevant clause in the Management Agreement; (b) the fact that plaintiff had
initially proposed London as the seat of the arbitration; and (c) the fact
that ICC Court had fixed Singapore as the place/seat of the arbitration. In
view of this, I found the plaintiff’s failure to disclose its specific
submission to the ICC Court that the Management Agreement had not expressly
provided for a seat to be immaterial.

Whether OS 845 had been validly served

32 The next question was whether OS 845 had been validly served on the
defendant. The plaintiff had essentially left a copy of OS 845 and the
supporting affidavit at the defendant’s office. Mr Maniam made extensive
arguments on how the requirements O 11 r 4(2)(c) of the Rules had not been
fulfilled. This provides that an originating process may be served on a
defendant in a foreign jurisdiction (where no Civil Procedure Convention
subsists) by a method authorised by the law of that country for service of any
originating process issued by that country, ie, the Maldives. Mr Maniam argued
that Maldivian process was to be served by a court official, which was not
done here, and also pointed out that there was no accompanying translation of
OS 845 into Dhivehi as required by O 11 r 4(4) of the Rules.

33 With respect, this argument misses the point. The methods of service under
O 11 r 4(2) are not the only means by which service overseas may be effected,
and personal and substituted service are still permissible methods through
which service of process overseas may be effected: Humpuss at [57]. The
plaintiff relied on personal service, which is available to the plaintiff as
long as it does not contravene the law of the foreign jurisdiction: O 11 r
3(1) read with r 3(2) of the Rules and Humpuss at [59(a)]. The common ground
between the experts is that there is a gap in Maldivian law in respect of
foreign proceedings. No evidence was adduced to show that such personal
service of foreign process would contravene Maldivian law. The plaintiff’s
expert, Mr Mohamed Shahdy Anwar, opined that personal service of foreign
process by private means (by way of hand delivery undertaken by members of a
law firm) at the defendant’s office would be good service under Maldivian law.
The defendant’s expert, Mr Azmiralda Zahir, did not state that personal
service of foreign process was contrary to Maldivian law, only that it would
have been possible for the plaintiff to seek the Maldivian court’s assistance
in serving OS 845 on the defendant via a court official. I thus found that it
was open to the plaintiff to serve OS 845 on the defendant personally under
O11 r 3(1) read with r 3(2) of the Rules.

34 However, such service had to be valid as a matter of Singapore law (the lex
fori) and thus had to comply with O 62 r 4 of the Rules. In this case, I found
that it was insufficient to hand the cause papers (including, inter alia, OS
845, the supporting affidavit, the order of court for service out of
jurisdiction) to the receptionist at the defendant’s office and not serve them
on an officer of the company such as the chairman, president, secretary,
treasurer or other similar officer of the defendant at the defendant’s office
as required by O 62 r 4 of the Rules. The court was also told that copies of
the cause papers were e-mailed to the defendant’s chairman and managing
director, the chief executive officer and the director. The defendant
maintained that leaving a copy of OS 845 at the defendant’s office and/or
e-mailing a copy of the same to the defendant’s representative does not amount
to good service. The plaintiff then argued that the court should exercise its
discretion to cure the irregularity in service as the method of service
employed, although failing to comply with a procedural requirement provided
for in the Rules, was successful in bringing notice of the claim to the
defendant and was not contrary to the Maldivian law. In Humpuss, Steven Chong
J (as he then was) held (at [92]) that such cases did not engage concerns over
international comity or violate the specific proscription contained in O 11 r
3(2). In considering whether the defect in service should be cured, the court
should consider the blameworthiness of the respective parties, whether the
plaintiff had made a good faith effort to comply with the rules, whether the
defendant would be prejudiced if the court’s discretion were exercised in the
plaintiff’s favour, and the reasons which caused the non-compliance.

35 I found that the plaintiff had written to the defendant informing the
defendant of OS 845 and the Singapore court’s grant of leave to serve it on
the defendant out of jurisdiction but the defendant had communicated that it
would not be appointing any solicitors to accept service. On 17 August 2017,
the plaintiff had left OS 845 and the supporting affidavit with the
defendant’s receptionist and the defendant, as evidenced from its letter to
the plaintiff, had clearly been aware of OS 845, but had refused to accept
service. By sending the e-mails to the defendant’s chairman/managing director
as well the senior executive director, the plaintiff had taken reasonable
steps to bring to the defendant’s attention the application and the plaintiff
had also attempted to ascertain the defendant’s preferred method of service.
Further, there would be very little prejudice to the defendant should the
irregularity in service be cured, and I thus exercised my discretion to cure
the irregularity.

36 As for the argument that there was no accompanying translation of OS 845
into Dhivehi as required by O 11 r 4(4) of the Rules, Mr Landau argues that
translation is not required as personal service was effected under O 11 r 3 of
the Rules. I agree. Order 11 r 4(4) applies to service described under O 11 r
4(2)(c) and r 4(3).

37 I thus found that the court had jurisdiction over the defendant for the
purposes of granting the permanent anti-suit injunction and declaratory
relief.

Whether the court has power to grant a permanent anti-suit injunction

38 I then turned to the question of whether the court has power to grant a
permanent anti-suit injunction in relation to foreign court proceedings in the
arbitration context. I found that the court had such a power, which stemmed
from the court’s general power to give legal and equitable relief (s 18(2)
read with para 14 of the First Schedule of the SCJA), and that this power was
not curtailed by Art 5 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial
Arbitration (“Model Law”). Section 4(10) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999
Rev Ed) (“CLA”) relates to the court’s powers to grant an interim injunction.
I will elaborate on this below.

The source of the court’s power

39 On the question of the source of the court’s power, I started with the two
places where the court’s power to grant a permanent anti-suit injunction
cannot be found. First, the court does not have the power under the
International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the IAA”) to grant a
permanent anti-suit injunction. Its power to grant injunctions under the IAA
is only limited to granting an interim injunction: s 12A(2) read with s
12(1)(i) of the IAA. This was acknowledged by Judith Prakash J (as she then
was) in the case of R1 International Pte Ltd v Lonstroff AG [2014] 3 SLR 166
(“RI International (HC)”) at [40].

40 Second, looking beyond the IAA and to the court’s broader civil
jurisdiction, the court does not have the power to grant a permanent anti-suit
injunction by virtue of s 4(10) of the CLA. The plaintiff’s initial argument
on s 4(10) of the CLA relied on Prakash J’s decision in R1 International (HC).
Prakash J held (at [43]) that:

… the court’s general injunctive power emanates from s 4(10) of the CLA. This
is the power that the court exercises when it grants a permanent anti-suit
injunction in aid of local court proceedings. There is no reason why this
power cannot be exercised to make permanent anti-suit injunctions in aid of
domestic international arbitration proceedings especially since… the courts
can grant interim anti-suit injunctions in such situations.

41 I respectfully disagree with the analysis in R1 International (HC) on s
4(10) of the CLA being the source of the court’s power to grant a permanent
anti-suit injunction. In doing so, I note that the analysis in R1
International in this regard was obiter as Prakash J had already held (at
[35]) that the arbitration agreement had not been incorporated on the purchase
order from which the dispute arose. There was thus no breach of the
arbitration agreement and no basis upon which to grant a permanent anti-
injunction injunction. Although the Court of Appeal in R1 International Pte
Ltd v Lonstroff AG [2015] 1 SLR 521 (“R1 International (CA)”) later reversed
this finding, holding that the arbitration agreement had been incorporated
into the purchase order and thus issuing the injunction (at [77]), it did so
without further analysis on the specific source of the court’s power to issue
the permanent anti-suit injunction. Thus, although this court is bound by R1
International (CA) to hold that the court has the power to issue a permanent
anti-suit injunction, it is not bound by the analysis in R1 International (HC)
as to the source of such a power.

42 In my view, s 4(10) of the CLA only gives the court the power to issue an
interim injunction and not a permanent injunction. This reads:

Injunctions and receivers granted or appointed by interlocutory orders

(10) A Mandatory Order or an injunction may be granted or a receiver appointed
by an interlocutory order of the court, either unconditionally or upon such
terms and conditions as the court thinks just, in all cases in which it
appears to the court to be just or convenient that such order should be made.

The phrase “by an interlocutory order of the court” should be read to apply
not only to the appointment of a receiver, but also the grant of a mandatory
order and an injunction. This reading of s 4(10) was affirmed in the Court of
Appeal decision in Swift-Fortune Ltd v Magnifica Marine SA [2007] 1 SLR(R) 629
(“Swift-Fortune”). Chan Sek Keong CJ, delivering the judgment of the court,
held (at [64]) that the provision only gives the court power to grant
interlocutory injunctions. Although that case concerned the interpretation of
s 12(7) of the IAA, which has since been replaced by s 12A of the IAA, this
court is nevertheless bound by this interpretation of s 4(10) of the CLA to
hold that it does not give the court the power to grant a permanent
injunction.

43 In my view, the court’s power to issue a permanent anti-suit injunction
properly stems from s 18(2) read with paragraph 14 of the First Schedule of
the SCJA. This gives the court the power to “grant all reliefs and remedies at
law and in equity”, which necessarily includes the equitable remedy of a
permanent injunction. This was affirmed by the Court of Appeal in Swift-
Fortune (at [64]).

Art 5 of the Model Law

44 The next issue was whether the court’s general power to grant such an
injunction in the SCJA is constrained by Art 5 of the Model Law (having the
force of law in Singapore pursuant to s 3 of the IAA). Art 5 reads:

Article 5. Extent of court intervention

In matters governed by this Law, no court shall intervene except where so
provided in this Law.

Thus, if a matter is governed by the Model Law, the court’s intervention is
restricted to the extent provided for in the Model Law and nothing else. As
the Model Law does not provide for a court’s grant of permanent injunctions,
the question is thus whether the grant of a permanent anti-suit injunction or
other court intervention following the conclusion of arbitral proceedings is a
matter governed by the Model Law.

45 Mr Landau argued that Art 5 does not limit the court’s power to grant the
injunction. First, as a matter of precedent, permanent anti-suit injunctions
were granted in R1 International (CA) and BC Andaman Co Ltd and others v Xie
Ning Yun and another [2017] SGHC 64 (“BC Andaman”) to restrain court
proceedings in breach of an arbitration agreement. Similar to the present
case, the injunction in BC Andaman was granted after the arbitration
proceedings had supposedly concluded. Second, Art 5 is concerned with court
intervention in the arbitral process and is not intended to prevent courts
from enforcing arbitration agreements by way of anti-suit relief. The courts’
power to intervene is only limited by the Model Law in the matters governed by
the Model Law: L W Infrastructure Pte Ltd v Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd
[2013] 1 SLR 125 at [39]. It was also stated in the Report of the Secretary-
General in the Analytical Commentary on Draft Text of a Model Law on
International Commercial Arbitration (A/CN.9/264, 25 March 1985) that Art 5
would not exclude court intervention in any matter not regulated in the Model
Law (at p 19). The grant of permanent anti-suit injunctions is not a matter
regulated by the Model Law and thus Art 5 does not limit the court’s power to
grant such injunctions. Third, the anti-suit injunction sought was not tied to
any ongoing arbitral proceedings as such proceedings had already concluded.

46 Mr Maniam did not take issue with Mr Landau’s arguments, primarily because
he accepted that the decision in R1 International (CA) was conclusive as to
the court’s power to grant an anti-suit injunction albeit the source of the
power was not identified and discussed. The Court of Appeal (or the High
Court) in R1 International, and the High Court in BC Andaman, did not appear
to have considered the effect of Art 5 of the Model Law in coming to its
decision. Nevertheless, my view is that Art 5 does not prevent the court from
issuing a permanent anti-suit injunction as the grant of a permanent
injunction or other remedy is not a matter governed by the Model Law. This is
especially so if arbitration proceedings have concluded, as there is no
concern over excessive judicial interference into ongoing arbitral
proceedings, as recognised by the Delhi High Court in Indian Oil Corporation
Ltd v Atv Projects India Ltd and Anr LNIND 2004 DEL 486 at [17].

Whether the court should exercise its discretion to grant an anti-suit
injunction

Grounds for granting the anti-suit injunction

47 Having established that the court has the power to grant the permanent
anti-suit injunction sought by the plaintiff, the next issue was whether the
court should exercise its discretion to grant the injunction, which is an
equitable remedy. The plaintiff relied on the defendant’s Maldivian action
being a breach of the arbitration agreement, namely its negative obligation
not to sue in another forum other than in arbitration proceedings.

48 In all cases, the usual requirements for injunctive relief must be
satisfied although these are readily satisfied where breach of an arbitration
agreement can be demonstrated. Thus, if there is a valid arbitration
agreement, the application is made without delay, the foreign action is not
well-advanced, and there is no other reason why the injunction should be
granted, injunctive relief would be granted. On the first requirement, where
there is an arbitration agreement, the court will easily conclude that one
party has breached an arbitration agreement by the commencement of court
proceedings while arbitration proceedings are ongoing. Where there is an
agreement to arbitrate, the court is not concerned with considerations along
traditional lines like whether the foreign proceedings are vexatious or
oppressive. In Aggeliki Charis Compania Maritima SA v Pagnan SpA (The Angelic
Grace) [1995] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 87 (“The Angelic Grace”), Italian charterers
chartered a vessel from its owners for the carriage of grain from Rio Grande
to ports on the Italian Adriatic. During unloading operations, a collision
occurred between the vessel and the charterer’s floating elevator. The owners
commenced arbitration proceedings in London relying on an arbitration clause
in the charterparty. The charterer commenced proceedings before an Italian
court in Venice. The owners applied to the English court for a declaration
that the claims and counterclaims were within the scope of the arbitration
clause and for an injunction to restrain the charterer from continuing
proceedings in Italy. Rix J’s decision at first instance to grant the
declaration and injunction was upheld by the Court of Appeal. Millet LJ said
(at 96):

… in my judgment there is no good reason for diffidence in granting an
injunction to restrain foreign proceedings on the clear and simple ground that
the defendant has promised not to bring them.

Millet LJ recognised that the court’s jurisdiction to grant the injunction was
discretionary and not to be exercised as a matter of course but maintained
that “good reason” needed to be shown why the jurisdiction should not be
exercised in any given case. The burden of establishing the existence of such
a “good reason” rests on the party in breach of the agreement to arbitrate.
The fact that a foreign court (applying its own rules) has assumed
jurisdiction does not constitute a good reason.

49 This position has been affirmed in Singapore. In BC Andaman, Quentin Loh J
stated (at [65]) that a court would readily grant an anti-suit injunction to
restrain proceedings brought in breach of an arbitration agreement. In
Maldives Airports Co Ltd and another v CMR Male International Airport Pte Ltd
[2013] 2 SLR 449 (“Maldives Airport”), the Court of Appeal affirmed The
Angelic Grace and noted (at [42]) that the right to have disputes resolved
pursuant to an arbitration agreement could be rightfully protected by an anti-
suit injunction. Thus, it is clear that it is a breach of the arbitration
agreement to commence court proceedings where arbitration proceedings are
ongoing and such a breach will usually be protected by way of an anti-suit
injunction. The novel issue in the present case is whether the same
proposition applies when court proceedings are commenced after the arbitration
has concluded and the arbitral award has been issued, or whether such a breach
of the arbitration agreement, if any, should be characterised and considered
differently.

50 Mr Landau argued on the plaintiff’s behalf that it does not matter whether
the court proceedings were commenced before, during or after arbitration
proceedings, as any of these actions would constitute a breach of a party’s
negative obligation not to sue in another forum contained in an arbitration
agreement. He relied on the UK Supreme Court decision in AES UST for the
proposition that an agreement to arbitrate has positive and negative
obligations. The positive agreement is to resolve the disputes within the
scope of the arbitration agreement in the forum prescribed, and the
concomitant negative obligation, which is implied, is that neither party will
seek relief in any other forum. The UK Supreme Court held that the English
courts had the power under s 37 of the Senior Courts Act 1981 (UK) to
restrain, by the grant of an injunction, the commencement or continuation of
proceedings brought in a forum outside the Brussels/Lugano regime where an
arbitration agreement existed, regardless of the fact that no arbitration
proceedings were on foot or proposed.

51 Mr Landau thus argued that even without an ongoing arbitration (either
because arbitration proceedings have not been commenced or have already
concluded), the commencement of court proceedings in relation to disputes
governed by the arbitration agreement is a breach of the arbitration agreement
protectable by an anti-suit injunction. In this case, the defendant’s
Maldivian action, even though commenced post arbitral award, was in respect of
disputes falling within the arbitration agreement and was a breach of its
negative obligation not to seek relief other than pursuant to the terms of the
arbitration agreement. Mr Landau argued that the Maldivian action was not
concerned with enforcement of the Awards but the pursuit of substantial
damages by the defendant, and accordingly the plaintiff sought relief from
this court to prevent further breach of the arbitration agreement and “excise”
(adopting Mr Landau’s choice of word) the Maldivian action which should never
have happened.

52 Mr Maniam, on the other hand, pointed out that AES UST concerned court
proceedings commenced where arbitration proceedings were not on foot or
proposed, and the breach of the negative obligation identified therein does
not necessarily apply to commencement of court proceedings after the
arbitration is concluded. He argued that the defendant’s Maldivian action
should properly be construed as the exercise of the defendant’s right to
resist enforcement and should not be the subject of an anti-suit injunction.
The plaintiff was clearly seeking this court’s assistance in its enforcement
efforts in the Maldives, and had candidly stated in its written submissions
that “the declarations sought would assist [the plaintiff] in the enforcement
of the [Awards] before the Maldivian courts”. Mr Maniam contended that the
defendant was entitled to submit on the issues in the Maldivian action in the
Maldivian Civil Court for determination rather than raising these issues in
response to the plaintiff’s enforcement proceedings. Further, the June
Enforcement Judgment delivered by the Maldivian Civil Court, which relied on
the March Judgment, showed that the enforcement process and the defendant’s
Maldivian action were inextricably linked, and the defendant was entitled to
continue its claim in the Maldivian action in order to resist enforcement of
the Awards.

53 I start with the obligations arising from a positive agreement to
arbitrate. In my view, there are at least two implied negative obligations
arising from an agreement to arbitrate that are relevant to the present case,
both differently textured. The first is as identified in AES UST, namely a
negative obligation not to commence court proceedings stemming from an
agreement to resolve any disputes by reference to arbitration (see AES UST at
[1]). Where parties have agreed that certain disputes between them are to be
resolved by arbitration, they undertake a negative obligation not to pursue
claims in relation to such disputes in any other forum. I accept that such an
obligation exists even where arbitration proceedings are not ongoing or even
proposed.

54 The second negative obligation arising from an agreement to arbitrate is a
negative obligation not to set aside or otherwise attack an arbitral award in
jurisdictions other than the seat of the arbitration. In C v D , an insurance
policy was concluded on a Bermuda form requiring the parties to arbitrate in
London but providing for the law of the insurance contract to be New York law.
After the London arbitration had concluded, the defendant wrote to the
arbitral tribunal stating that its findings constituted a manifest disregard
of New York law and expressed its intention to apply to a federal court
applying US federal arbitration law governing the enforcement of arbitral
awards, which permitted the vacation of the award where the arbitrators had
manifestly disregarded the law. The Court of Appeal upheld the injunction
granted by the High Court to restrain the defendant from doing so on the basis
that the parties’ choice of England as the seat for the arbitration was an
agreement as to the “forum for remedies seeking to attack the award”. In the
later case of Shashoua v Sharma, Cooke J, who was the first instance judge in
C v D, explained (at [23]) that “by agreeing to the seat, the parties agree
that any challenge to an interim or final award is to be made only in the
courts of the place designated as the seat of the arbitration”. The agreement
to arbitrate implies a negative obligation that, following an agreement on the
seat of the arbitration, the parties would not set aside or otherwise attack
any issued award other than through the mechanisms provided for in the seat of
the arbitration. This obligation is obviously distinct from the enforcement
process, where an award debtor is legitimately entitled to resist enforcement
in any jurisdiction in which enforcement of the award is sought.

55 Where court proceedings are commenced outside the seat of the arbitration
after the conclusion of arbitration proceedings and the issuance of the award,
it seems contrived to view the litigation as a breach of the defendant’s
negative obligation not to sue in any other forum as if arbitration
proceedings had not commenced or were ongoing. After the conclusion of
arbitration, the focus shifts to the validity and binding nature of the award,
and the obligation of a party to an arbitration agreement takes on a different
texture, namely to honour the award and not undermine it in ways other than
setting it aside in the seat of the arbitration or resisting enforcement. The
more relevant question in such a case is thus whether the foreign litigation
seeks to re-open matters decided in the arbitration to which the defendant was
a party. If so, the foreign litigation amounts to an impermissible challenge
opposing the arbitral award, breaching the second obligation mentioned in the
foregoing paragraph. Where such proceedings are commenced in relation to
claims already fully resolved by arbitration, this is in substance an attack
on the award and is a breach of the party’s obligation not to set aside or
otherwise attack any issued award other than through the mechanisms provided
for in the seat of the arbitration that is breached. Such proceedings can also
often amount to vexatious and oppressive conduct by the defendant as in this
case. There can be an abuse of the court’s own process since there is no
difference in the legal position whether the decision under attack is an
arbitration award or decision of a court. Thus in Emmott v Michael Wilson &
Partners [2016] EWHC 3010 (Comm), O’Farrell J found that court proceedings
initiated in New South Wales by the defendant in 2016 in relation to issues
that were resolved by arbitral awards issued in 2010 (on liability) and 2014
(on quantum) were “a collateral attack on the arbitration award”, vexatious
conduct, and an abuse of process (at [59] and [62]), and granted a permanent
anti-suit injunction restraining the defendant from continuing with the
proceedings in New South Wales on this basis (among others such as issue
estoppel and in the general interests of justice).

56 In my view, in such cases, notwithstanding that the arbitration agreement
has been breached, this court ought to be more circumspect in deciding whether
to grant a permanent anti-suit injunction to restrain the defendant from
continuing with the foreign proceedings. This is because the question of
whether such foreign proceedings constitute an abuse of the foreign court’s
process is primarily a matter for the foreign court to determine, as was
acknowledged by Millet LJ in The Angelic Grace (at 96). Further, although
permanent anti-suit injunctions are frequently said not to offend the
principle of comity by virtue of being a restraint on the defendant and not
the foreign court, the practical effect of such an injunction is nevertheless
an indirect interference with the processes of the foreign court, especially
in this case where the appeal in the Maldives is at a very advanced stage.

57 I add a final consideration. I accept Mr Landau’s submission that the
obligation not to sue in another forum and the obligation not to attack the
award outside the seat of arbitration are not mutually exclusive, and the
commencement of court proceedings may breach both obligations in some cases.
The question in each case is which aspect of the contractual interest the
court is primarily seeking to protect. The former obligation not to sue in
another forum may be breached even when arbitration proceedings are
purportedly concluded. BC Andaman provides a good example of such a case.
There, the defendants commenced arbitration proceedings in February 2015.
Following a procedural order issued by the tribunal on security for costs, the
defendants informed the tribunal that they had decided to discontinue with the
arbitration proceedings with immediate effect and sought an order from the
tribunal that the proceedings were at an end. The tribunal declared the
proceedings closed on 3 June 2016 and issued a final award dismissing the
defendants’ claims with prejudice and ordering costs against them on 24 July
2016. After the proceedings were declared closed but before the final award
was issued (ie, 21 June 2016), the defendants commenced Thai court proceedings
against, among others, the plaintiffs (some of whom had been parties to the
arbitration). The defendants’ claims in the Thai court proceedings were
substantially the same as those advanced and discontinued in the Singapore
arbitration. These parties applied for a permanent anti-suit injunction from
the Singapore courts. For the plaintiffs who were parties to the arbitration
agreement but who were not respondents in the arbitration, Quentin Loh J
granted an anti-suit injunction to protect the substantive contractual rights
of the plaintiffs who were parties to the arbitration agreement (but who were
not respondents in the arbitration), as the dispute involved in the Thai
proceedings was covered by the arbitration agreement and should have been
submitted for arbitration (at [62], [64]-[68]). For the plaintiffs who were
parties to both the arbitration and the arbitration agreement, Loh J granted
the anti-suit injunction on the basis that the defendants’ conduct was
vexatious and oppressive conduct as it was clearly a re-litigation of the
dispute it had initiated in the Singapore arbitration but refused to pursue
(at [60]). Although the arbitration proceedings had formally concluded, this
was due to the defendants’ discontinuation of their claims at a very early
stage of the arbitration, and the issues could not be said to have been
properly heard or resolved in the arbitration. Consequently, it is arguable in
my view that the “final award dismissing the defendants’ claims with prejudice
and ordering costs” was not an “award” within the meaning of s 2 of the IAA.
There was no adjudication by the tribunal on the substance of the dispute. It
was thus more appropriately a breach of the defendants’ obligation not to sue
in another forum, rather than an attempt to set aside or otherwise attack the
award.

58 In the present case, I found that the defendant’s Maldivian action was
squarely a breach of the defendant’s negative obligation not to set aside or
challenge the Awards other than through setting aside procedures in accordance
with the law of the seat court. It bears repeating that in the midst of the
plaintiff’s enforcement proceedings in the Maldives, the defendant commenced
the Maldivian action claiming substantial damages in respect of all the claims
that had already been resolved by the Awards. Again, there was no suggestion
that the defendant’s Maldivian action was an independent action with causes of
action that were different from the underlying Arbitration and therefore
permissible, and Mr Maniam did not try to style it that way. The Maldivian
action re-litigated the same issues and damages that were already determined
in the Arbitration and the outcome of the Maldivian action, ie, the March
Judgment, was the opposite of what the Tribunal had decided in the plaintiff’s
favour. The Maldivian enforcement court’s reliance on the March Judgment does
not make the Maldivian action a legitimate resistance of the plaintiff’s
enforcement efforts; it reinforces the defendant’s illegitimate attempt to
challenge the Award. There is no doubt that the defendant’s conduct was not
only a breach of the arbitration agreement, but was also vexatious and
oppressive, which is a separate ground on which a permanent anti-suit
injunction can be granted. It is vexatious and oppressive in the sense that
the plaintiff is being vexed twice by the defendant’s litigation in the
Maldives. Had the defendant acted in accordance with the law of the seat, the
grounds to set aside the Awards would be limited. It would be clearly unjust
for the plaintiff to be vexed by further proceedings in relation to the exact
same claims that it had defended in the Arbitration, which the defendant had
itself actively participated in until liability was established. As the
defendant had intentionally circumvented the Awards, it would also be unjust
for the defendant to be allowed to rely on the March Judgment in its
enforcement proceedings, given that this judgment was the fruit of its breach
of the arbitration agreement and its attempt to challenge the Awards.

59 For completeness, I was unconvinced by the defendant’s contention that the
Maldivian action was a cause of action in fraudulent misrepresentation
distinct from the matters adjudicated by the Tribunal. As no independent basis
existed for its damages claim, there is no reason to conclude that the
Maldivian action was legitimately intended to resist enforcement in that
jurisdiction. The claim for damages exposed the defendant’s true objective in
the Maldivian action which was to rectify the outcome in the unfavourable
Awards. Having not applied to set aside the Awards in Singapore in accordance
with the law of the agreed seat, the Maldivian action was a belated and
impermissible challenge opposing the Awards.

The relevance of the plaintiff’s delay

60 I also considered Mr Maniam’s submission that there had been undue delay on
the part of the plaintiff in making the application. It is not disputed that
the Maldivian action was commenced in October 2016 and the March Judgment was
entered on 9 March 2017. The plaintiff appealed against the March Judgment on
23 March 2017. The plaintiff’s attempts to enforce the Awards in Maldives
failed, and after the last attempt to enforce the Award on 22 June 2017, the
plaintiff filed OS 845 on 24 July 2017. By the time the plaintiff obtained
leave to serve out of jurisdiction on 10 August 2017, there had been two
hearings of the appeal against the March Judgment on 1 and 8 August 2017.

61 The general principle is that applications for anti-suit injunctions must
be made promptly and before foreign proceedings are too far advanced: see
Maldives Airports at [42], citing The Angelic Grace at 69. This is not only to
avoid prejudice to the defendant but also for considerations of comity. As
explained by Clarke LJ in the UK Court of Appeal case of Ecobank Transnational
Incorporated v Tanoh [2015] EWCA Civ 1309 (“Ecobank (CA)”) (at [132]-[137]),
comity between courts requires a respect for the operations of different legal
systems, including the desire to avoid wasted time and costs that arise from
inconsistent judgments or proceedings left unpursued.

62 Mr Maniam pointed out that nine months had elapsed between the commencement
of the Maldivian action (ie, October 2016) and the application for the
permanent anti-suit injunction (ie, July 2017). Even after the March Judgment
had been released, the plaintiff waited four months before applying to the
Singapore court for a permanent anti-suit injunction, appealing against the
March Judgment and commencing the Second Enforcement Proceedings in the
interim. It was only when the June Enforcement Judgment was released that the
plaintiff sought the anti-suit injunction from this court. As such, Mr Maniam
submitted that the plaintiff unduly delayed in seeking relief from this court
and the Maldivian action was too far advanced (at the appeal stage) to justify
the anti-suit injunction.

63 I agree that not only is the length of delay relevant, the consequences of
the delay will determine whether an injunction is appropriate. The court will
also consider the effect of the delay on the other party. In this case, even
though the defendant had breached the arbitration agreement and thereby caused
inconvenience and expense in its pursuit of the Maldivian action, the
plaintiff did not just stand by; it actually resisted the litigation. The
delay in seeking the anti-suit injunction to restrain the defendant from
continuing the proceedings will impact the processes of the appeal that is
well advanced before the appellate court. I therefore accept Mr Maniam’s
contention that the plaintiff should have brought this application in
Singapore more expeditiously. Whilst the plaintiff’s explanation that they had
expected the Maldivian Civil Court to recognise and enforce the arbitration
agreement, and that both parties did not expect the March Judgment on the
merits to be handed down without any submissions or hearing on the merits of
the defendant’s claim in the Maldivian action, the fact of the matter is that
the appeal is already too far advanced to warrant an anti-suit injunction to
restrain the defendant from involvement in the pending appeal and beyond. The
time during which the foreign jurisdiction is challenged should not be left
out of account when considering the issue of undue delay (Ecobank (CA) at
[125]) and I considered that this was a case where the plaintiff allowed the
appeal against the March Judgment to progress to an advanced stage.

Restrain on reliance of the March Judgment

64 As stated, prayer 1(a) of the plaintiff’s application was a typical anti-
suit injunction against the defendant to restrain it from commencing or
continuing with foreign proceedings against the plaintiff in disputes governed
by the arbitration agreement. For the reasons stated above, I did not allow
this prayer. Instead, I granted prayer 1(b)(i) of OS 845 (as amended on 20
November 2017). The state of affairs was that the March Judgment had already
been delivered and the plaintiff’s appeal against the March Judgment was heard
on 1 and 8 August 2017 and the parties were either awaiting directions for
further arguments or even the possibility of a decision on the merits. An
appropriate order would be to restrain the defendant from inter alia relying
on the March Judgment. This order has the effect of an injunction but does not
stop the appeal process.

Conclusion

65 For the reasons above, I granted the plaintiff a limited permanent anti-
suit injunction in relation to the March Judgment, a declaration that the
Awards were final, valid and binding on the parties (as the period for setting
aside of the Awards had expired), and a declaration that the defendant’s claim
in the Maldivian action was in respect of disputes between the plaintiff and
defendant that have arisen out of or in connection with the Agreement and any
consequential proceedings (including appeals) would be in breach of the
arbitration agreement contained in the Agreement. It was also made clear that
nothing in the order would prevent the defendant from objecting to the
recognition or enforcement of the Awards in accordance with Maldivian law. Mr
Maniam stated to the court that it was possible for the defendant to resist
enforcement of the Awards without relying on the March Judgment.

66 Finally, the plaintiff argued for costs to be awarded to it on an indemnity
basis. I was not minded to award indemnity costs. I ordered costs to be taxed
on a standard basis if parties could not agree on costs.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge

Toby Landau QC (instructed), Paul Tan, Alessa Pang and David Isidore Tan
(Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Andre Maniam SC, Jenny Tsin and Koh Jia Wen (Wong Partnership LLP) for the
defendant.

.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

