Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 87

Suit No 202 of 2017

(Summons No 1709 of 2017)

Between

| Lakshmi Anil Salgaocar  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Hadley James Chilton  
---|---  
(2)| Laurent Keeble-Buckle  
(3)| Million Dragon Wealth Ltd  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Civil procedure] — [Service] — [Leave to serve out of jurisdiction]

[Civil procedure] — [Jurisdiction]

[Conflict of laws] — [Jurisdiction] — [Forum non conveniens]

[Companies] — [Incorporation of companies] — [Lifting corporate veil]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lakshmi Anil Salgaocar

  
v

  

Hadley James Chilton and others

[2018] SGHC 87

High Court — Suit No 202 of 2017 (Summons No 1709 of 2017)  
Aedit Abdullah J  
25 September 2017

16 April 2018

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 Summons No 1709 of 2017 is the first and second defendants’ application to
(a) set aside the leave granted in Summons No 1047 of 2017 to serve the writ
for this suit out of jurisdiction; and (b) a declaration that all proceedings
in the suit, including the ex parte injunction granted in Summons No 994 of
2017 (“the ex parte injunction”) be set aside. After hearing the arguments of
parties, I granted the application to set aside leave to serve out of
jurisdiction and made no order on the application for a declaration that all
proceedings in the suit, including the ex parte injunction be set aside.

2 The plaintiff has appealed against my decision to set aside leave to serve
out of jurisdiction. While the appeal was filed specifically only against my
finding that the more appropriate forum for the suit is the British Virgin
Islands (“BVI”), 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Notice of Appeal dated 14 December 2017.

I considered it appropriate in this written grounds of decision to touch on
the other aspects of service out of jurisdiction as well, particularly as
there is some connection between the matters covered.

Background

3 The plaintiff is the widow of Anil Vassudeva Salgaocar (“AVS”), who in his
lifetime was the sole shareholder and the sole director of the third defendant
(“MDWL”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 21 September 2017 (“Dfs’ written
submissions”) at para 2.

The plaintiff commenced the present suit in her capacity as a beneficiary of
the estate of AVS (“the Estate”). MDWL has 22 wholly-owned subsidiaries, each
of which owns a unit in the Newton Imperial development in Singapore. MDWL and
its subsidiaries are incorporated in the BVI. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Dfs’ written submissions at para 7.

4 The first and second defendants (“the receivers”) are joint receivers of the
third defendant, who were appointed on 27 July 2016 pursuant to an order of
court issued by the Commercial Division of the Eastern Caribbean Supreme Court
of the BVI (“BVI Court”), in an action (“BVI 101”) commenced by one Shanmuga
Rethenam s/o Rathakrishnan (“Shanmuga”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Dfs’ written submissions at para 5.

Shanmuga commenced BVI 101 to freeze the assets of MDWL and appoint receivers
over the frozen assets, pending the determination his claim in a separate suit
commenced in Singapore (Suit No 689 of 2016). BVI 101 has since been stayed
until 31 July 2018 or further order, such stay being without prejudice to the
receivers’ powers. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Dfs’ written submissions at para 9.

5 The main dispute between the parties centres around the plaintiff’s claim
that the receivers were not entitled to carry out certain acts pursuant to the
receivership.

6 On 8 September 2016, the plaintiff commenced Suit No 966 of 2016 (“Suit
966”) to seek a declaration restraining the receivers from:

(a) Appointing a consultant, Vivek Sudarshan Khabya (“Vivek”) in relation to
MDWL and its 22 subsidiaries;

(b) Releasing or delivering the books and records of MDWL and its
subsidiaries; and

(c) Demanding that the escrow moneys held by Haridass Ho & Partners (“HHP”) be
transferred into their accounts.

7 The plaintiff did not include a claim for damages when she commenced Suit
966. She subsequently sought to amend her statement of claim in Suit 966 to
introduce new causes of actions against the defendants, including a claim for
damages for breach of duty by the receivers. This application to amend the
statement of claim was allowed in part only, pursuant to Order of Court 1763
of 2017 dated 24 February 2017. The plaintiff then proceeded to commence the
present suit, ie, Suit No 202 of 2017 (“Suit 202”) on 3 March 2017 with a
reformulated claim, and discontinued Suit 966 on 12 April 2017.

8 In the present Suit 202, the plaintiff claims that the receivers breached a
duty of care owed to the Estate by acting in bad faith by inter alia
appointing Vivek as consultant, demanding rental income from the Newton
Imperial apartments belonging to MDWL’s subsidiaries, demanding that moneys
held by HHP in escrow be transferred to their accounts, and demanding the
release of the books and records of MDWL. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 21 September 2017 (“Pf’s written
submissions”) at paras 94–96

9 On 6 March 2017, by way of Summons No 994 of 2017, the plaintiff sought and
obtained an ex parte injunction restraining the receivers from, inter alia,
obtaining payment for their fees and expenses and dealing with or disposing of
the assets of MDWL.

10 On 9 March 2017, by way of Summons No 1047 of 2017, the plaintiff sought
and obtained leave to serve the writ and statement of claim on the defendants
out of jurisdiction, in the BVI.

11 On 23 May 2017, the defendants obtained by way of Originating Summons No
1074 of 2016 (“OS 1074/2016”) recognition of the first and second defendants
as receivers and their powers to be exercised with the leave of court,
including to deal with the assets of MDWL and its subsidiaries, and to demand
the books and records of MDWL.

12 The present application is the defendants’ application to set aside the
leave granted for service out of jurisdiction, the ex parte injunction and any
other related proceedings in the suit, pursuant to O 12 r 7(1) and O 21 r 1 of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”).

13 Aside from Suit 689, Suit 966 and Suit 202, there have been other suits
involving disputes over MDWL. The ultimate beneficial interest of the
shareholding in MDWL has been asserted by one Jhaveri Darsan Jitendra
(“Darsan”) in a separate pending suit, Suit 821 of 2015, before the Singapore
High Court (“Suit 821”), and in separate BVI proceedings, ie, BVI 83. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions at paras 36–47, 26. Dfs’ written submissions
at paras 26–31.

In addition, in Suit No 949 of 2016 (“Suit 949”), the plaintiff brought claims
against Vivek for conspiracy, conversion, breach of fiduciary duty and breach
of trust, alleging inter alia that Vivek had no authority to deal with the
assets and income of MDWL or to manage its affairs. The plaintiff’s claim in
Suit 949 was struck out by the High Court in Lakshmi Anil Salgaocar v Vivek
Sudarshan Khabya [2017] 4 SLR 1124 due to the plaintiff’s lack of locus standi
to make the claims therein.

The plaintiff’s case

Submission to jurisdiction

14 According to the plaintiff, the defendants’ failure to mount a
jurisdictional challenge in Suit 966 made it disingenuous for the receivers to
then claim that the court had no jurisdiction to hear Suit 202. If the court
did not have jurisdiction as the defendants claimed, the issue of jurisdiction
should have been raised from the outset, in Suit 966. The bona fides of the
defendants’ present jurisdictional objection was thus suspect. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Pf’s written submissions at paras 82–84.

15 In addition, in applying for the recognition of the appointment of the
receivers by the BVI Court in OS 1074/2016, the defendants had unequivocally
submitted to the jurisdiction of the Singapore courts. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Pf’s written submissions at paras 204–211.

16 Further, the plaintiff argued that the receivers, on the basis of their
control of MDWL, had entered appearance on behalf of MDWL which is a nominal
defendant in the present suit, and that this constituted submission to
jurisdiction. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Pf’s written submissions at paras 213–215.

According to the plaintiff, the defendants invoked and disavowed Singapore law
as it suited them.

Good arguable case

17 The plaintiff relied on three grounds under O 11 for leave to serve out of
jurisdiction, ie, O 11 r 1(b), r 1(f) and r 1(p), submitted in the alternative
to each other:

Cases in which service out of Singapore is permissible (O 11 r 1)

1. Provided that the originating process does not contain any claim mentioned in Order 70, Rule 3(1), service of an originating process out of Singapore is permissible with the leave of the Court if in the action —

(b) an injunction is sought ordering the defendant to do or refrain from doing
anything in Singapore (whether or not damages are also claimed in respect of a
failure to do or the doing of that thing);

…

(f) (i) the claim is founded on a tort, wherever committed, which is
constituted, at least in part, by an act or omission occurring in Singapore;
or

(ii) the claim is wholly or partly founded on, or is for the recovery of
damages in respect of, damage suffered in Singapore caused by a tortious act
or omission wherever occurring;

…

(p) the claim is founded on a cause of action arising in Singapore;

18 The plaintiff argued that the elements of a tort were made out and that she
had standing to bring the claim. According to the plaintiff, part of the acts
committed by the defendants constituting the tort occurred in Singapore. This
included appointing the consultant Vivek over the assets in Singapore,
demanding subsidiaries’ moneys from HHP which were held in Singapore, and
demanding the books and records in Singapore. Therefore, there was a good
arguable case that the plaintiff’s claim falls within O 11 r 1(f)(i). In
addition, part of the losses suffered occurred in Singapore, including legal
costs in Singapore and unnecessary costs incurred by the receivers in
following up with HHP and another law firm Netto & Magin LLC, therefore
fulfilling the requirements of O 11 r 1(f)(ii ). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Pf’s written submissions at paras 89–169.

The requirements of O 11 r 1(p) were also fulfilled as there was a cause of
action in Singapore, whether framed in equity or tort. There was a duty owed
in Singapore which was breached in Singapore and caused loss and damage in
Singapore. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Pf’s written submissions at paras 170–188.

The plaintiff also argued that she could rely on O 11 r 1(b) given that she
had sought an ex parte interim injunction against the defendants in Singapore.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Pf’s written submissions at paras 85–88.

Forum non conveniens

19 The plaintiff submitted that Singapore is the suitable forum for the
dispute. She argued in essence that the central issues are not centred on the
BVI, but that rather the dispute concerns the conduct and breach of duty by
the receivers in Singapore. Further, key witnesses as well as the relevant
assets are also located in Singapore. Singapore is also the appropriate forum
because the BVI Court cannot effectively supervise the receivers’ conduct in
Singapore. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Pf’s written submissions at paras 190–203.

Full and frank disclosure

20 The plaintiff also denied the defendants’ claim that she had obtained leave
to serve out of jurisdiction without making full and frank disclosure of
material facts to the court. The plaintiff argued that there is no obligation
to disclose what the applicant could not have reasonably known from proper
inquiries, and that at the relevant time of the applications, there was
nothing for the plaintiff to disclose in relation to Darsan’s claims. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Pf’s written submissions at paras 36–47.

The plaintiff also denied having misled the court as to the true status of the
proceedings in the BVI, since the meaning of the BVI orders was a matter of
interpretation which the Singapore court was entitled to undertake on its own.
16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Pf’s written submissions at paras 48–72.

It was also not necessary for the plaintiff to make express disclosures on her
partial failure to obtain leave to amend her statement of claim for Suit 966
as the suits were different. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Pf’s written submissions at para 78.

The defendants’ case

Submission to jurisdiction

21 The defendants argued that they had not submitted to the jurisdiction of
the Singapore court, despite their submission to jurisdiction in Suit 966. In
Suit 966, the plaintiff had sought permanent injunctions restraining the
receivers from demanding the books and records of MDWL, and from dealing with
the assets of MDWL’s subsidiaries in Singapore. The receivers had submitted to
the court’s jurisdiction in Suit 966 on the basis that it had the powers to
carry out the very acts challenged under BVI law. By contrast, the plaintiff
is claiming in Suit 202 that the receivers had breached their duties, and the
defendants are of the view that Singapore is not the appropriate forum to deal
with these claims. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Dfs’ written submissions at para 45.

The two suits are separate and it is not appropriate to transpose the
submission to jurisdiction from one suit to the other.

22 Further, the defendants denied that their commencement of OS 1074/2016 to
seek declarations recognising the appointment of the receivers amounted to a
submission to the court’s jurisdiction in this present suit. It was made clear
by the defendants during the hearing for OS 1074/2016 that the declaration
sought was not to be taken as submission to jurisdiction in Suit 202, and this
express qualification was made equally clear in the court order granted. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Dfs’ written submissions at para 46.

23 In addition, the defendants argued that their entry of appearance to
contest the jurisdiction of the court also did not amount to a submission to
jurisdiction, as was established in Zoom Communications Ltd v Broadcast
Solutions Pte Ltd [2014] 4 SLR 500 (“Zoom Communications”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Dfs’ written submissions at para 47.

Good arguable case

24 The defendants submitted that the plaintiff was unable to satisfy any of
the grounds under O 11 r 1 as she could not establish a good arguable cause of
action in tort. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Dfs’ written submissions at para 53.

The plaintiff’s claim of breach of duty of care by the receivers of MDWL did
not have a good prospect of success. It was plain and obvious that no duty of
care was owed by the receivers to the plaintiff or the Estate, and in any
event, the receivers had not breached any such duty since they had exercised
their powers within BVI law. In addition, the losses claimed by the plaintiff
were losses suffered by MDWL and not by the plaintiff or the Estate. The
plaintiff was hence prevented by the rule in Foss v Harbottle (1843) 67 ER 189
(“Foss v Harbottle”) from seeking damages for the losses suffered by MDWL. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Dfs’ written submissions at paras 55–80.

25 The defendants further argued that the plaintiff failed to establish a good
arguable case that her claim falls within one of the limbs under O 11 r 1 of
the Rules of Court. The foundation of the plaintiff’s claim is the plaintiff’s
dissatisfaction with the exercise of the powers and duties to take custody of
the assets by the receivers. The plaintiff’s allegations involve substantial
and efficacious acts or omissions occurring in the BVI. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Dfs’ written submissions at paras 84–102.

The place of the tort, if any, and damages suffered therefore occurred in the
BVI not in Singapore. Therefore, O 11 r 1(f) and O 11 r 1(p) could not be
relied on by the plaintiff to establish jurisdiction. In relation to O 11 r
1(b), injunctive relief was not part of the substantive relief claimed by the
plaintiff and thus could not provide a basis for the jurisdiction of the
Singapore courts.

Forum non conveniens

26 Even if the court found that the plaintiff had a good arguable case under O
11 r 1(b), r 1(f), or r 1(p), leave to serve the writ out of jurisdiction
should be set aside on the basis that Singapore is forum non conveniens. BVI
is the more appropriate forum to determine the dispute. The place of the tort
if any was the BVI. The connecting factors, including the applicability of BVI
law to the dispute, the location and compellability of key witnesses and
evidence, point towards BVI being the appropriate forum to hear the dispute.
In addition, there is also no prejudice to the plaintiff from having the
dispute heard before the BVI courts rather than the Singapore courts. The
plaintiff is entitled to join in the pending BVI proceedings and raise the
same allegations made here. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Dfs’ written submissions at paras 115–128.

Full and frank disclosure

27 The defendants submitted that the plaintiff had obtained leave to serve the
writ of summons out of jurisdiction without fulfilling her obligation to make
full and frank disclosure of material facts to the court.

28 In particular, the plaintiff failed to mention that Darsan was claiming to
be the ultimate beneficial owner of MDWL. This was a material fact that should
have been disclosed as it was likely to affect the court’s assessment of the
plaintiff’s locus standi in the present suit. The plaintiff had also actively
misled the court by informing the court that BVI 101 had been discontinued
when it had not. Further, the plaintiff failed to disclose to the court that
Suit 202 was commenced to make the same claims that the plaintiff had failed
to add by an amendment to the statement of claim in Suit 966. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Dfs’ written submissions at paras 21–43.

Decision

29 I set aside the service out of jurisdiction on a number of grounds,
including absence of a good arguable case that grounds were made out under O
11, that there were insufficient merits, and that it was not shown that
Singapore was the more appropriate forum.

Analysis

Legal framework for jurisdiction over foreign defendant

30 Jurisdiction will be established over a foreign defendant if there is:

(a) Consent;

(b) Submission; or

(c) Valid service of originating process out of jurisdiction.

31 In relation to (c), the Court of Appeal in Zoom Communications set out the
requirements of valid service as follows (at para [26]):

a) The plaintiff’s claim must fall within one of the heads listed in O 11 r 1.

b) The plaintiff’s claim must have a sufficient degree of merit.

c) Singapore must be the proper forum for the trial of the action.

32 In addition, where the requirements set out at [31] above are fulfilled,
leave to serve out of jurisdiction may nevertheless be set aside where the
plaintiff had failed to make full and frank disclosure of all the material
facts when applying ex parte for leave (Zoom Communications at [28]).

33 Consent was not invoked in the present case. In arriving at my decision, I
therefore analysed the following issues in turn:

(a) whether the defendants had submitted to jurisdiction;

(b) whether a good arguable case was made out by the plaintiff that her claim
falls within one of the limbs under O 11 r 1;

(c) whether the plaintiff’s claim had a sufficient degree of merit or in other
words, if the plaintiff’s claim involved a serious issue to be tried;

(d) whether Singapore is the proper forum for the dispute or is forum non
conveniens; and

(e) whether there was a lack of full and frank disclosure by the plaintiff in
obtaining leave to serve out of jurisdiction.

Submission to jurisdiction

34 In Suit 966, the defendants had not challenged the court’s jurisdiction,
and had filed their defence and opposed the plaintiff’s application to amend
her statement of claim. The plaintiff argued that there was thus no basis for
the defendants to challenge jurisdiction in the present suit given the
defendants’ previous stance in Suit 966. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Pf’s written submissions at paras 82–84.

The defendants’ argued that there was no submission given that the suits were
separate.

35 I found that the defendants had not submitted to the jurisdiction of the
Singapore courts in relation to the present suit. Submission to jurisdiction
will be found where the relevant party challenging jurisdiction takes a step
in the proceedings which is inconsistent with its position that the Singapore
court lacks jurisdiction. The key consideration in this respect, according to
Zoom Communications (at [33]), is whether the defendant has done anything
which in the context and circumstances would be meaningful only if he has
waived any objection to the Singapore court’s jurisdiction.

36 I accepted the defendants’ argument that their submission to jurisdiction
in Suit 966 did not constitute submission to jurisdiction in the present suit.
Where a defendant took a step in a previous suit which has since been
discontinued, it would not be appropriate to infer that he has submitted to
the jurisdiction of the Singapore courts in a separate fresh suit,
notwithstanding that there may be some overlap in the parties and the subject
matter of both suits.

37 The following extract from Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments (Informa Law,
6th Ed, 2015) by Professor Adrian Briggs (at para 2.86) is to my mind apt:

It has been held that a defendant who … submits to the jurisdiction in respect
of the claim set out in the writ does not necessarily submit to the
jurisdiction in respect of other claims which, in the exercise of its
procedural discretion, the court allows to be introduced by later amendment of
the claim. One can see why this ought to be the answer: it would not appear
obviously right that if a defendant enters an appearance in relation to a
narrowly-drafted claim, he has no opportunity to re-consider his position if
the claimant later seeks to add new claims, or if other parties seek to be
added to the claim: to put it in homely terms, it does not seem right that a
claimant should be allowed to use a sprat to catch a mackerel. On the other
hand, a defendant does not have a right to pick and choose which claims in a
writ he is prepared to submit to if he has no basis for, and does not make, a
jurisdictional challenge … It may be that the best answer is that the court
should exercise its rules of procedural law to [prevent] new claims to be
added in such a way as to prevent the jurisdiction, originally established …
being abused.

38 The plaintiff in this case had sought unsuccessfully to introduce new
causes of action through an amendment to her statement of claim in Suit 966.
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Pf’s summons for amendment dated 23 December 2016 under HC/SUM 6132/2016 read
with HC/ORC 1763/2017 issued under HC/RA 29/2017.

She then withdrew Suit 966 and commenced Suit 202 to bring these same causes
of action. Therefore, the nature of the claim under Suit 966 was different
from that under Suit 202. In particular, in Suit 966, the plaintiff primarily
sought declarations restraining the receivers from carrying out certain acts.
When the plaintiff sought to amend the claim for Suit 966 to introduce inter
alia a claim for damages for breaches of duties, the defendants had raised
objections pertaining to the court’s jurisdiction to hear the claims on the
basis of forum non conveniens. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defendants’ skeletal submissions for Summons No 6131 and 6132 of 2016 under
Suit 966 of 2016 dated 11 January 2017 at paras 56–67.

In the circumstances, it is unjustified to find that the defendants have
submitted to the Singapore court’s jurisdiction to determine Suit 202 by
virtue of their previous submission in Suit 966.

39 In a similar vein, the commencement of OS 1074/2016 (to seek recognition of
the appointment of the receivers) did not constitute submission to
jurisdiction by the defendants. During the hearing for OS 1074/2016, the
defendants stated that their application for recognition was not to be
construed as a submission to jurisdiction. In my judgment, an express
reservation of a right to challenge jurisdiction is immaterial if the step
taken, in substance, constitutes a submission to jurisdiction. I did not think
however that an application for recognition of foreign receivership (pursuant
to common law principles outlined inter alia in Beluga Chartering GmbH (in
liquidation) and others v Beluga Projects (Singapore) Pte Ltd (in liquidation)
and another (deugro (Singapore) Pte Ltd, non-party) [2014] 2 SLR 815) can be
said to amount to such a step. Unlike the filing of a counterclaim or defence,
an application for the recognition of the appointment of foreign receivers is
not premised on the Singapore courts having jurisdiction over a dispute, which
in this case concerns whether the receivers breached any duties owed.

40 As the learned author of International Commercial Litigation (Richard
Fentiman, Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2015) states at para 9.10(vi):

A defendant, having acknowledged service of the claim, which applies to
contest the court’s jurisdiction, does not submit. Again, until a court
exercises jurisdiction, a defendant which expressly maintains its continued
challenge to the court’s jurisdiction does not submit by making an application
unrelated to the court’s jurisdiction …

41 I also note that the order in OS 1074/2016 was granted without prejudice to
any issues of jurisdiction potentially arising in Suit 202. The recognition of
the receivers was subject to the following condition stipulated in the order:

Such powers recognised in paragraphs (a) and (b) are not to be exercised
without leave of Court pending the resolution of proceedings in Singapore in
relation to the assets and documents covered by paragraphs (a) and (b),
including for the avoidance of doubt HC/S 202/2017. This qualification of the
powers recognised is not to be taken in itself as a submission by the
Applicants to Singapore jurisdiction in respect of those proceedings.

42 I rejected also the plaintiff’s claim that the first and second defendants’
act of entering appearance on behalf of the third defendant constituted
submission to jurisdiction. The law is clear that a defendant may enter an
appearance and dispute the existence of the court’s jurisdiction in any of the
manners set out under O 12 r 7(1) of the Rules of Court, including through
seeking the discharge of any order giving leave to serve originating process
out of jurisdiction. This is apparent from the wording of O 12 r 7(1) itself
and is also made clear in case law (see for instance, Zoom Communications at
[27]). Therefore, the defendants’ entry of appearance to challenge
jurisdiction, including the first and second defendants’ entry of appearance
on behalf of the third defendant, cannot be construed as a submission to
jurisdiction.

Good arguable case

43 In my judgment, the plaintiff failed to make out a good arguable case that
her claim falls within one of the limbs under O 11 r 1 of the Rules of Court.

The law

44 In order to obtain leave to serve originating process out of jurisdiction,
a plaintiff must establish that it has a good arguable case that its claim
falls under one of the grounds set out under O 11 r 1. All the elements of the
ground(s) relied on must be established to the level of a good arguable case
before the ground(s) may be successfully relied on as a basis of the court’s
jurisdiction (Bradley Lomas Electrolok Ltd and another v Colt Ventilation East
Asia Pte Ltd and others [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1156 (“Bradley Lomas”) at [18]–[19];
Seaconsar Far East Ltd v Bank Markazi Jomhouri Islami Iran [1993] 3 WLR 756
(“Seaconsar”) at 765–766).

45 The requirements of a “good arguable case” was stated as follows by the
court in Manharlal Trikamdas Mody and another v Sumikin Bussan International
(HK) Ltd [2014] 3 SLR 1161 (“Manharlal”) at [93], citing Singapore Civil
Procedure 2013 (G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2013) at para
11/1/8:

A good arguable case is one that establishes ‘facts from which an inference
could clearly and properly be drawn’ … This phrase has also been defined as
where the applicant’s case has a good prospect of success … They indicate that
though the court will not at this stage require proof to its satisfaction, it
will require something better than a mere prima facie case. The practice,
where questions of fact are concerned, is to look primarily at the plaintiff’s
case and not to attempt to try dispute of fact on affidavit; it is of course
open to the defendant to show that the evidence of the plaintiff is incomplete
or plainly wrong. On questions of law, however, the court may go fully into
the issues and will refuse leave if it considers that the plaintiff’s case is
bound to fail.

[emphasis original]

46 In order to show a good arguable case to establish jurisdiction, it is not
sufficient for the plaintiff to show that its claim has a prospect of success
(Manharlal at [95]).

47 Once a plaintiff satisfies, in relation to jurisdiction, the requirement of
“a good arguable case” that the claim falls within one of the grounds under O
11 r 1, the plaintiff must then show that there is a “serious question to be
tried” on the merits of the claim (Bradley Lomas at [14] and [19]; Goodwill
Enterprise (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd v CT Nominees Ltd (in liquidation) and others
[1996] 1 SLR(R) 330 at [3]; Seaconsar at 767). Thus, the “serious question to
be tried” standard is applicable to an examination of the merits of the
plaintiff’s claim. On the other hand, the “good arguable case” standard is the
standard that has to be met by the plaintiff in establishing that the court
has jurisdiction under one of the grounds under O 11 r 1. It is at this stage,
viz, the stage of considering whether a good arguable case has been made out
that the claim falls within one of the grounds under O 11 r 1, that questions
about the locus standi of the plaintiff to make the claim, among other things,
should be considered.

48 However, it is not always necessary to consider the question of whether
there is a serious issue to be tried on the merits following a consideration
of whether the plaintiff has established a good arguable case that its claim
falls within one of the grounds under O 11 r 1. Depending on the ground(s)
relied on under O 11 r 1, it may be that the requirement of a serious issue to
be tried on the merits would have been proved once the higher standard of
proof, ie, good arguable case, required to establish jurisdiction is satisfied
(Bradley Lomas at [19]; Seaconsar at 765). Therefore, even though the standard
of “serious question to be tried” pertains to the merits of the claim while
“good arguable case” pertains to the grounds under O 11 r 1, there may be some
overlap between the court’s consideration of the two matters.

49 In the present case, a number of issues arose in relation to whether the
plaintiff had a good arguable case, namely whether the plaintiff possessed the
standing to sue and whether leave to sue was required.

Locus standi

50 The plaintiff’s statement of claim (amendment no. 1) stated that the
plaintiff commenced the action

as a beneficiary of the estate of AVS (the Estate) for her benefit and for the
benefit of her 4 children, being all the other beneficiaries as defined by
section 7 of the Intestate Succession Act (Cap 146). The Plaintiff is entitled
to 50% of the Estate … The Plaintiff does not sue as residual legatees or in
any representative capacity.

51 The plaintiff submitted that she had standing to make the claims alleged as
the beneficiary of the Estate, the Estate being the sole shareholder of MDWL.
She could not sue as the Estate because she had not obtained grant of letters
of administration at the time the action was commenced. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Pf’s reply skeletal submissions dated 25 September 2017 (“Pf’s reply
submissions”) at para 4.

Citing Wong Moy v Soo Ah Choy [1996] 3 SLR(R) 27 (“Wong Moy”), the plaintiff
argued that a beneficiary of an estate is entitled to sue to protect and
preserve the assets of that estate pending the extraction of grant of letters
of administration.

52 The plaintiff acknowledged that under the reflective loss principle, a
shareholder may not sue for a company’s losses. However, the plaintiff argued
that in this case, reverse piercing of the corporate veil was permissible to
allow the shareholder, ie, the Estate, to sue for MDWL’s losses. Exceptions to
the reflective loss principle were said to be applicable. First, the plaintiff
was entitled to sue for MDWL’s losses because MDWL was prevented from suing
since it was subject to the control of receivers. If the plaintiff was not
entitled to sue, there would be a lack of remedy against the receivers. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Pf’s written submissions at paras 137–139, 148, 150; Pf’s further submissions
at paras 4b, 12, 14bi, 16–20.

Second, the plaintiff, as the beneficiary of the shareholder of MDWL, was
entitled to sue for the shareholder’s own losses, separate from the losses
incurred by MDWL. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Pf’s further submissions at paras 10b, 14bii, 21–22.

It was argued in this regard that the Estate itself suffered losses separate
from the losses of MDWL, including losses arising from legal costs incurred in
BVI 101 and costs of steps taken to preserve the Estate’s interests by reason
of BVI 101. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Pf’s further submissions at para 22.

53 The defendants on the other hand argued that the plaintiff did not have the
requisite locus standi to bring the claim. The plaintiff could not bring the
action as a beneficiary of the Estate since she was claiming for damages
suffered by MDWL as opposed to recovery of the assets of the Estate. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Dfs’ reply submissions to Pf’s further supplementary written submissions dated
16 October 2017 (“Dfs’ reply submissions”) at paras 5–15.

Even if the plaintiff had been granted the letters of administration at the
time of the commencement of the action and was suing as a shareholder of the
company for damages suffered by the company, this must be brought as a
derivative action against the receivers and the procedural requirements of a
derivative action must be met. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Dfs’ reply submissions at pars 27–31.

In relation to the plaintiff’s claim that she had suffered personal losses as
the beneficiary of the sole shareholder, separate from the losses of MDWL, it
was trite law that receivers owed no duty of care to shareholders when
exercising their powers of receivership. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Dfs’ reply submissions at paras 32–37.

54 In my judgment, the plaintiff lacked locus standi to bring the claim as the
beneficiary of the Estate. The case of Wong Moy cited by the plaintiff, which
stands for the proposition that a beneficiary could in certain circumstances
institute an action to recover the assets of an unadministered estate, was
inapplicable. Unlike the plaintiff in Wong Moy, the plaintiff in the present
case sought to recover losses for alleged breaches of duties owed to MDWL,
rather than to recover or protect the assets belonging to the deceased which
were held on trust for the estate.

55 The plaintiff also invoked the principle of reverse piercing. In reverse
piercing, it is the shareholder of the company as opposed to a third party
such as a creditor or contractor that invites the court to disregard the
separate legal personality of the company. In Koh Kim Teck v Credit Suisse AG,
Singapore Branch [2015] SGHC 52 (“Koh Kim Teck”), I left the issue of whether
reverse piercing was legally permissible open, and dismissed the defendant’s
application to strike out the statement of claim on the ground that it was an
impermissible attempt at reverse piercing (see Koh Kim Teck at [63]). In Koh
Kim Teck, the plaintiff brought a claim in tort against the defendant bank,
alleging that the bank had breached its duty of care to him by failing to give
him proper investment advice, resulting in losses incurred by him. Strictly
speaking, the plaintiff was not the defendant’s client as he had carried out
his investments and banking with the defendant through a trust company which
the plaintiff had set up for this purpose. The plaintiff thus claimed that the
company was his alter ego in its dealings with the defendant. I found in that
case that the issue of reverse piercing involved a point of law which merited
serious argument. A conclusive determination on the permissibility of reverse
piercing was thus not required for the disposal of that striking out
application.

56 The present case is distinguishable from Koh Kim Teck. What was relied upon
by the plaintiff here was that MDWL was the alter ego of the deceased. Even if
the claim was brought by the plaintiff in her capacity as administrator of the
Estate and therefore qua shareholder of MDWL (which it was not), the defect in
standing would not be remedied. This was since any claim as expressed in the
pleadings was in respect of a duty, if it existed, owed to the company, and
not in this context to the shareholder. Unlike Koh Kim Teck, where the
defendant had provided banking advice directly to the plaintiff, there could
be no assertion of a direct duty owed by the receivers to the shareholder by
way of any representation or assumption of responsibility towards the
shareholder. There was, as argued by the defendants, nothing specifically
pleaded that would support the assertion that there was any such
representation or assumption of responsibility to the plaintiff. The pleadings
as they stood, and for which leave to serve out of jurisdiction was granted,
thus did not adequately show any obligation that could arise if reverse
piercing were indeed permitted. Any losses suffered by MDWL could not be
claimed by the plaintiff in her capacity as a shareholder through the Estate.
The plaintiff’s claim thus infringed the rule in Foss v Harbottle. There were
remedies for the recovery of losses, if any, suffered by the MDWL which did
not require the piercing of the corporate veil.

57 Thus on the pleadings as they stood, even if reverse piercing were
permissible, it was insufficiently asserted in the present case as to allow
service out of jurisdiction. Therefore, as in Koh Kim Teck, no conclusive
determination on reverse piercing had to be made in arriving at the decision
for this case. I do note however that between my oral decision for this matter
and the issuing of these full grounds of decision, there has been the
emergence of case law rejecting the doctrine of reverse piercing (see Jhaveri
Darsan Jitendra and others v Salgaocar Anil Vassudeva and others [2018] SGHC
24 at [51]–[75]).

58 The plaintiff’s lack of locus standi to bring the claim undermined her
ability to establish a good arguable case under any of the heads under O 11 r
1.

Grounds under O 11 r 1

59 The plaintiff submitted that a good arguable case had been made out that
her claim falls within one of the limbs under O 11 r 1. The grounds under O 11
r 1 invoked by the plaintiff were O 11 r 1(b), r 1(f) and r 1(p):

Cases in which service out of Singapore is permissible (O. 11 r. 1)

1. Provided that the originating process does not contain any claim mentioned in Order 70, Rule 3(1), service of an originating process out of Singapore is permissible with the leave of the Court if in the action —

(b) an injunction is sought ordering the defendant to do or refrain from doing
anything in Singapore (whether or not damages are also claimed in respect of a
failure to do or the doing of that thing);

…

(f) (i) the claim is founded on a tort, wherever committed, which is
constituted, at least in part, by an act or omission occurring in Singapore;
or

(ii) the claim is wholly or partly founded on, or is for the recovery of
damages in respect of, damage suffered in Singapore caused by a tortious act
or omission wherever occurring;

…

(p) the claim is founded on a cause of action arising in Singapore;

O 11 r 1(b)

60 The plaintiff argued that O 11 r 1(b) was fulfilled since she had sought
and obtained the ex parte injunction, and because she had invoked causes of
action against the receivers independent of the interim injunctive relief
sought. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Pf’s written submissions at paras 85–88.

The defendants submitted on the other hand that for leave to be granted under
O 11 r 1(b), the plaintiff had to show that the injunction was a genuine part
of the substantive relief sought, and that there was a reasonable prospect of
the injunction being granted. The ex parte injunction granted on 6 March 2017
was not obtained as part of the substantive relief sought by the plaintiff as
the plaintiff had not included a claim for any permanent injunctive relief in
her statement of claim for Suit 202. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Dfs’ written submissions at paras 81–83.

61 It is settled law that leave to serve out of jurisdiction will not be
granted under O 11 r 1(b) unless the injunction forms part of the substantive
relief sought by the plaintiff: Siskina (owners of cargo lately laden on
board) and others v Distos Compania Naviera S.A. [1979] 1 AC 210 (“The
Siskina”). In other words, an interim injunction is not itself a cause of
action and cannot, without a pre-existing cause of action, found jurisdiction
under O 11 r 1(b). The Court of Appeal has in Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina
Energy Trading Ltd and another appeal [2006] 1 SLR(R) endorsed the holding in
The Siskina which it expressed at [37] as follows:

The House held that in order for a plaintiff to avail himself of this
provision, the injunction sought in the action had to be part of the
substantive relief to which the plaintiff’s cause of action entitled him and
could not be only an interlocutory injunction that was not founded on a
substantive cause of action in respect of which the relief was not sought in
England.

62 Therefore, to avail itself of O 11 r 1(b), any injunction sought had to be
part of the substantive relief claimed by the plaintiff. In addition, contrary
to the suggestion of the plaintiff, this does mean that a plaintiff may
successfully rely on this ground where it had causes of action independent
from the interim restrain. Instead, to rely on this ground, the act which the
plaintiff sought to restrain the foreign defendant from doing under O 11 r
1(b) must amount to “an invasion of some legal or equitable right belonging to
the plaintiff in this country and enforceable here by a final judgment for an
injunction” (The Siskina at 256). An interim injunction to preserve the state
of affairs pending final resolution of the dispute is thus insufficient.

63 In this case no order to do or refrain from doing anything in Singapore was
sought by the plaintiff as a substantive relief arising from the causes of
action alleged. The substantive relief sought by the plaintiff was limited to
indemnity, recovery of sums, damages and costs. The plaintiff thus could not
rely on O 11 r (1)(b) to establish jurisdiction.

O 11 r 1(f)

64 In order to establish jurisdiction under O 11 r 1(f)(i), a plaintiff must
establish a good arguable case of (a) the existence of his cause of action in
tort; and (b) the commission of an act or omission in Singapore by the foreign
defendant constituting at least part of the tort (Bradley Lomas at [19]).

65 Given my finding on locus standi above, the plaintiff failed to establish a
good arguable case of the existence of her cause of action in tort, and
requirement (a) was not fulfilled. Therefore, O 11 r 1(f)(i) was not
established even if some of the acts which were alleged to constitute a breach
of duty might have occurred in Singapore, eg, the appointment of Vivek, and
alleged wrongful demand of books and records.

66 O 11 r 1(f)(ii) was not fulfilled for the same reason, ie, the plaintiff’s
lack of locus standi. In addition, in my judgment, any damages incurred were
not incurred in Singapore. This is given that in her statement of claim
(amendment no. 1), the plaintiff sought damages “arising in the BVI in
relation to BVI Claim 101”, and damages for losses (be it arising from
diminution in share value, or fees and expenses incurred by the receivers
appointed under BVI law) suffered by MDWL, a BVI-incorporated company. These
losses were to my mind incurred in the BVI. Likewise, the claim for legal fees
incurred in Singapore was not sufficient to fulfil O 11 r 1(f)(ii), as that
would invariably allow service out of jurisdiction in all cases where leave to
serve out of jurisdiction is sought.

O 11 r 1(p)

67 Given that the plaintiff lacked locus standi to bring the claim, she was
unable to establish a good arguable case that she had a cause of action
against the defendants and that the cause of action arose in Singapore. The
plaintiff thus was unable to successfully rely on O 11 r 1(p).

Leave to sue

68 The plaintiff had not obtained leave from the BVI Court that appointed the
receivers before commencing action in Singapore against the receivers. She
denied that leave of the BVI Court was required before a suit could be
commenced against the receivers in Singapore, submitting that such a
requirement was not supported by authority. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Pf’s further submissions at paras 56–57.

The defendants on the other hand argued that leave of the BVI Court that
appointed the receivers should be obtained before any suit against them may be
commenced, given that the receivers are a neutral party who should be
protected from unmeritorious legal proceedings. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Dfs’ reply submissions at para 50–51.

69 In Excalibur Group Pte Ltd v Goh Boon Kok [2012] 2 SLR 999 (“Excalibur
Group”), the court held that leave of court was required before a suit may be
commenced against a liquidator. The court found that a requirement for leave
would ensure that frivolous claims are filtered out to avoid unnecessary and
expensive legal proceedings when the main focus of a company and its
liquidators once winding-up had commenced should be to prevent the
fragmentation of its assets and ensure creditors’ interests are protected (at
[28]–[29]). In England, leave of court is required in order to sue a receiver
(see In re Maidstone Palace of Varieties, Limited [1909] 2 Ch 283 (“re
Maidstone”)). I agreed with the reasoning in Excalibur Group and re Maidstone
and was of the view that the same approach of obtaining leave from the court
which appointed the receivers should be applied in circumstances such as the
present, where an action is sought to be commenced in a foreign court.

70 The plaintiff argued that re Maidstone and Excalibur Group stood for the
proposition that leave of court was required to commence an action within the
same jurisdiction, but that the same proposition did not and should not extend
to the commencement of an action in a foreign jurisdiction. I had difficulties
finding a rationale for this position. Such a distinction is unjustifiable
given that the appointing court has an interest in protecting receivers from
having to defend frivolous litigation, whether locally or elsewhere.

71 Further, contrary to the submissions of the plaintiff, a requirement for
leave to sue in such circumstances does not result in the BVI Court being able
to confer jurisdiction on the Singapore courts. The effect of a denial or
grant of leave by a foreign appointing court on the jurisdiction of the
Singapore courts is a separate matter. While the denial or grant of leave by a
foreign appointing court to commence action in Singapore is itself not
determinative of the Singapore court’s jurisdiction to hear the matter, it may
be taken into consideration in the Singapore court’s assessment of whether the
plaintiff has established a good arguable case under O 11 r 1 and if Singapore
is the appropriate forum for the suit.

72 Given my findings above on the defects in the plaintiff’s claim in terms of
standing, there were sufficient grounds to set aside the leave to serve out of
jurisdiction without having to consider the effect of the absence of leave
obtained from the BVI Court to commence action in Singapore. Nevertheless, I
found that the absence of leave obtained from the BVI Court was another factor
in favour of setting aside the leave for service out of jurisdiction.

Serious issue to be tried

73 Having found that the plaintiff lacked locus standi and could not establish
a good arguable case under O 11 r 1(f) and r 1(p), it was unnecessary to
consider separately whether there was a serious issue to be tried on the
merits given that the plaintiff had failed the higher standard of proof
required to establish jurisdiction (see Bradley Lomas at [18]–[19]). Given my
findings above, there was no serious issue to be tried on the merits. I should
add however, that as the Court of Appeal noted in Bradley Lomas at [20], the
evidence required to establish jurisdiction under certain limbs of O 11 r 1
such as O 11 r (1)(a) may not involve an examination of the merits of the
claim. In such circumstances, where the relevant jurisdictional limb is
fulfilled, a separate examination of whether the claim involves a serious
issue to be tried on the merits would still be required.

Forum non conveniens

74 Aside from establishing a good arguable case under O 11 r 1, a plaintiff
seeking to serve originating process out of jurisdiction must also satisfy the
court that Singapore is the proper forum for the dispute.

Parties’ submissions

75 The plaintiff argued that the central issues are not centred in the BVI and
that Singapore is the proper forum for the dispute. The dispute concerns
whether the defendants had acted in excess of authority and in bad faith in
Singapore. The relevant witnesses for the dispute are in Singapore not in the
BVI. These witnesses are the persons against whom wrongful demands were made
by the receivers, including HHP and the Singapore Land Authority. Vivek, whom
the receivers appointed to work in Singapore, would also be a relevant
witness. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Pf’s written submissions at paras 197–199.

In addition, MDWL’s assets are located in Singapore. This includes the Newton
Imperial apartments and corresponding rental income. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Pf’s written submissions at paras 200–202.

Further, the acts which the plaintiff relies on as constituting her cause of
action for breach all occurred in Singapore, not the BVI. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Pf’s written submissions at para 203.

The plaintiff also argued that the BVI Court would not be able to restrain the
receivers from actions in Singapore, or that any action taken would be too
late. This was since a separate action would have to be commenced in Singapore
in order to enforce any order issued by the BVI Court. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Pf’s further submissions at paras 40–43, 49.

76 The defendants on the other hand argued that BVI is the more appropriate
forum to determine the dispute. The substance of the plaintiff’s allegations
predominantly occurred in the BVI. In addition, the various connecting factors
point to the BVI being the appropriate forum, as the substantive dispute
required the determination of BVI law, especially in relation to the
receivers’ conduct of the receivership. Further, proceedings are already
underway in the BVI which the plaintiff is entitled to join so as to raise the
allegations made here, and there are also other related proceedings pending
before the BVI Court. In addition, the key witnesses, namely the receivers and
the plaintiff reside outside Singapore, and the only insubstantial nexus is
that the assets of MDWL and its subsidiaries are in Singapore. The plaintiff’s
concern that she did not have standing to sue in BVI was inoperative now that
she has been granted letters of administration and may take the necessary
steps to join the Estate as a party to the BVI proceedings. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Dfs’ written submissions at paras 123–128.

Furthermore, as the plaintiff had already been involved in BVI 101, and the
BVI Court had indicated that it wished to hear from the plaintiff, the
plaintiff would likely be able to join as a party.

The law

77 The test applicable in Singapore for forum non conveniens is that laid down
in the landmark UK case of Spiliada Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd [1987]
1 AC 460 (“Spiliada test”) (see JIO Minerals FZC v Mineral Enterprises Ltd
[2011] 1 SLR 391 (“JIO Minerals”); Humpuss Sea Transport Pte Ltd (in
compulsory liquidation) v PT Humpuss Intermoda Transportasi TBK and another
[2016] 5 SLR 1322). The Spiliada test involves two stages.

78 First, the court determines if there is some other available and more
appropriate forum, aside from the Singapore court, for the trial of the action
(“stage one”). At stage one, the court considers the relevant connecting
factors such as the location of the parties, connection to events and
transactions, and applicable law to the dispute, in order to identify the
natural forum for the dispute, ie, the forum which has the most real and
substantial connection with the dispute (JIO Minerals at [41]–[42]).

79 The court then considers at stage two, whether there are circumstances by
reason of which justice requires that the Singapore court ought to hear the
matter notwithstanding that Singapore is not the prima facie natural forum
(“stage two”). Thus at stage two, the court is concerned over whether justice
to the parties can be delivered in the natural (foreign) forum though the
court ought not to pass judgment on the competence of the judiciary of a
foreign country (JIO Minerals at [43]).

80 In addition, the substance of the Spiliada test, the objective of which is
to determine the forum which is clearly more appropriate for the trial, does
not differ whether the court is considering a stay application or an
application to set aside leave to serve out of jurisdiction (Zoom
Communications at [77]). The burden of proof however differs depending on the
nature of the application. Where leave is granted to serve originating process
out of jurisdiction, and the defendant seeks to set aside such leave, the
burden lies on the plaintiff to establish that Singapore is the more
appropriate forum (see Zoom Communications at [71]; Oriental Insurance Co Ltd
v Bhavani Stores Pte Ltd [1997] 3 SLR(R) 363 at [16]).

81 Further, it bears noting that the inquiry as to the appropriate forum for
the dispute is not to be taken in an overly mechanical manner. As V K Rajah J
explained in Peters Roger May v Pinder Lillian Gek Lian [2006] 2 SLR(R) 381 at
[20]:

A court has to take into account an entire multitude of factors in balancing
the competing interests. The weightage accorded to a particular factor varies
in different cases and the ultimate appraisal ought to reflect the exigencies
dictated by the factual matrix. Copious citations of precedents and dicta are
usually of little assistance and may in reality serve to cloud rather than
elucidate the applicable principles.

My decision

82 I concluded that it was not shown that Singapore is the more appropriate
forum, and that in fact it is the BVI that is more appropriate. The prima
facie natural forum under stage one is the BVI. It was also not established,
in relation to stage two, that justice requires that the Singapore courts
ought to hear the matter.

83 I considered that the connecting factors point in favour of BVI as being
the natural forum for the dispute.

84 Key aspects of the claim made by the plaintiff were as follows:

(a) That a duty of care was owed by the receivers to the Estate; 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Pf’s statement of claim (amendment no. 1) at paras 21–22.

(b) That there was a breach of the duty of care owed by the receivers given
that they had acted in bad faith or in excess of authority by, amongst others,
carrying out the following acts in Singapore:

(i) appointing Vivek as a consultant in Singapore; 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Pf’s statement of claim (amendment no. 1) at paras 25–31.

(ii) failing to verify if assets in Singapore had been dissipated; 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Pf’s statement of claim (amendment no. 1) at paras 45–52.

(iii) wrongfully demanding rent, books and records in Singapore; 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Pf’s statement of claim (amendment no. 1) at paras 32–44.

and

(iv) wrongfully interfering in the affairs of MDWL and its subsidiaries; 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Pf’s statement of claim (amendment no. 1) at para 59.

and

(c) That the breach of duty of care resulted in losses suffered by the
plaintiff. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Pf’s statement of claim (amendment no. 1) at 60–63.

85 The thrust of the plaintiff’s claim to my mind concerned whether or not the
receivers had properly discharged their duties as receivers. The plaintiff
argued that the acts which constituted the tort committed by the defendants
took place in Singapore, ie, that the place of the tort was Singapore.
However, all of the acts alleged were traceable to and carried out in the
course of the receivership. Given that the receivers were appointed by the BVI
Court in relation to a BVI-incorporated company, BVI was both the place giving
rise to the tort and the place in which damages if any were incurred.

86 I accept that receivers appointed under one jurisdiction may indeed owe
duties in tort, or contract for that matter, in another jurisdiction. However,
where matters go to the office and performance of the functions of that
office, and such office is created under foreign law, particularly if that
creation is by order of court, it is generally more appropriate for any
dispute on the duties owed by the receivers to be made in such a forum. In the
English case of re Maidstone, the court held that the proper remedy for a
party aggrieved by the conduct of a receiver was to commence an action in the
court in which the receiver was appointed. The following passage from re
Maidstone (at p 286), is to my mind persuasive:

In this case the applicant is a receiver appointed by this Court in a
debenture-holders' action, and by virtue of that appointment he has had the
management of the theatre known as the Maidstone Palace of Varieties. In the
course of that management he made use of certain plant which is claimed by the
respondent company as their property. They say that he had no right to use it
… It appears to me that a dispute of that kind is one which … the Court will
deal with itself, and that it will not allow its officer to be subject to an
action in another Court with reference to his conduct in the discharge of the
duties of his office, whether right or wrong. The proper remedy for any one
aggrieved by his conduct is to apply to this Court in the action in which he
was appointed. If any wrong has been done by the officer, the Court will no
doubt see that justice is done, but no one has a right to sue such an officer
in another Court without the sanction of this Court.

87 While the relevant non-appointing court in re Maidstone was not a foreign
court, I am of the view that the same principle is applicable where the
aggrieved party seeks to commence an action in a foreign court for alleged
misconduct of a receiver.

88 In addition, since the duties owed to the Estate and conduct of the
receivers are put into question, I was satisfied that the applicable law is
the law of the BVI. The centre of the dispute is really a question of the
proper discharge of the receivers’ duties. While the plaintiff referred to
activities or actions in Singapore, there is little role for Singapore law to
apply here as the conduct of the receivers and scope of the duties owed by the
receivers are to be measured against the law applicable to the receivership,
ie, BVI law.

89 The fact that property in Singapore was involved did not point to Singapore
being the more appropriate forum. The nub of the complaint was not about the
assets as such but the conduct of the receivership. Title or possession was
not in direct issue; thus Singapore land law was not engaged.

90 As for the witnesses, the weight of this factor to my mind is much less
than it might have been in the past given the possibility of remote testimony.
But in any event, while there may no doubt be witnesses in Singapore, the
scope of the dispute would primarily centre on the conduct of the receivers
themselves and the plaintiff, who were not witnesses located in Singapore.
Witnesses in Singapore are likely to play only a supporting role.

91 It could certainly be argued that a comparison of the general connecting
factors between the proposed forums would result in a neutral conclusion on
which is the more appropriate forum, given the greater ease of travel and the
possibility of remote testimony, as well as availability of experts of foreign
law today. But this does not assist the plaintiff here as she had to show that
Singapore is the more appropriate forum. For the foregoing reasons, I found
that in fact BVI is the more appropriate forum for the dispute.

92 In relation to stage two of the Spiliada test, there are no special
circumstances which require the Singapore courts to hear the matter
notwithstanding that BVI is the natural forum for the dispute. The plaintiff,
having been granted letters of administration in Singapore, can join the
Estate as a party to BVI 101 and any related BVI proceedings. In relation to
the plaintiff’s submission that having the dispute heard in the BVI would
result in protracted litigation given that enforcement proceedings would have
to be commenced in Singapore for any injunction issued by the BVI courts to be
operative in Singapore, I was not satisfied that this was a special
circumstance requiring the Singapore courts to hear the matter. The need to
commence enforcement proceedings in addition to the main proceedings is a
normal occurrence to be expected in all disputes involving cross-border
transactions, or disputants domiciled in different jurisdictions. Therefore,
this factor alone cannot tip the scale in favour of the Singapore courts
hearing the matter in cases where the connecting factors point to the other
(foreign) forum as being the natural forum for the dispute.

Full and frank disclosure

Parties’ submissions

93 The defendants submitted that the plaintiff had obtained leave from this
court to serve the writ of summons out of jurisdiction without fulfilling her
obligation to make full and frank disclosure of material facts to the court.
The plaintiff ought to have disclosed to the court that Darsan claims to be
the ultimate beneficial owner of MDWL, and that there is presently a suit
pending, ie, Suit 821, to determine his claim. That beneficial ownership of
MDWL was being challenged by Darsan should have been brought to the attention
of the court, given that it influences the plaintiff’s locus standi to
commence the present suit. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Dfs’ written submissions at paras 26–31.

94 Second, the defendants argued that the plaintiff had actively misled the
Singapore courts through her representation to the court that the BVI
proceedings had been discontinued since 31 January 2017, when this was not the
case. The BVI Court has stated unequivocally that the proceedings in BVI have
not been discontinued and the plaintiff was aware or ought to have been aware
of the proper status of the BVI proceedings. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Dfs’ written submissions at paras 32–36.

This information should have been disclosed as it was relevant towards this
court’s assessment of whether BVI was the more appropriate forum to hear the
dispute.

95 Third, the plaintiff failed to disclose to the court that the present suit
was commenced to proceed on causes of action that the plaintiff had
unsuccessfully attempted to add in Suit 966. Such information was material in
assessing whether the plaintiff had a claim that was of a sufficient degree of
merit. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Dfs’ written submissions at paras 42–43.

96 The plaintiff on the other hand argued that there was no absence of full
and frank disclosure. In relation to the defendants’ claim that the plaintiff
ought to have disclosed to the court that Darsan was claiming to be the
ultimate beneficial owner of MDWL, Darson had not made such a claim at the
time when the present suit was commenced on 3 March 2017, when the ex parte
injunction was obtained on 6 March 2017, or when the order granting leave to
serve out of jurisdiction was issued on 9 March 2017. Further, Suit 821
concerns AVS’s claim against Darsan for the return of other assets to AVS, and
not the single share in MDWL which Darsan had already transferred to AVS.
Darsan had not disputed the transfer of the MDWL share to AVS or made a
positive claim for the share. It was only on 15 May 2017 that Darsan commenced
an action in BVI claiming title to the MDWL share.

97 The plaintiff also denied having misrepresented the effect of the BVI order
to the Singapore court. The plaintiff argued that the meaning of the BVI
orders was a matter of interpretation which the Singapore court was entitled
to undertake on its own. The plaintiff did not know and had no reason to
believe that the BVI proceedings were not discontinued on 31 March 2017 when
no application to extend the stay of the BVI proceedings was filed by that
date. In addition, the defendants had not been fully transparent in sharing
the information on the BVI proceedings with the plaintiff and could not
subsequently assert that the plaintiff failed to make full and frank
disclosure to the court. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Pf’s written submissions at paras 48–68.

98 With respect to the defendants’ claim that the plaintiff should have
disclosed to the court that Suit 202 concerned the same claims that the
plaintiff had attempted to add by amending the statement of claim in Suit 966,
and that the plaintiff’s amendment application was refused as disclosing no
reasonable cause of action, the plaintiff argued that such an allegation was
without basis as Suit 202 was different from Suit 966 and the information was
not material in the application for leave to serve out of jurisdiction. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Pf’s written submissions at paras 73–79.

The law

99 It is well established that a plaintiff has a duty of full and frank
disclosure in an ex parte application for leave to serve out of jurisdiction,
and that failure to properly discharge this duty is a ground for setting aside
any such leave granted (see Manharlal; Transniko Pte Ltd v Communication
Technology Sdn Bhd [1995] 3 SLR(R) 941 (“Transniko”); Lam Soon (Thailand) v
Transpac Capital [1998] SGHC 328). In Manharlal, the court stated the
following in relation to the duty to make full and frank disclosure (at [78]):

Given the ex parte nature of the application, the applicant must place all
material facts before the court can be so satisfied. It goes without saying
that this includes facts which are unfavourable to the applicant’s case
because the duty to make full and frank disclosure is not merely a matter of
fairness between the parties to the action but it is a duty that is owed to
the court. It is driven by the need for the court to satisfy itself that the
case is a proper one for service out of jurisdiction.

[emphasis original]

100 The duty to make full and frank disclosure is an onerous one and a party
may be found to have failed to discharge such duty even if it had not acted in
bad faith. As the court noted in Transniko at [11]—[12],

11 Where an ex parte application for leave to serve a writ out of jurisdiction
was made, the applicant is under a duty to make full and frank disclosure of
all matters material to the application. We need only to refer to the most
recent of the cases on this point cited by counsel for the defendants, the
English Court of Appeal’s decision in Trafalgar Tours Ltd v Alan James Henry
[1990] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 298, where Purchas LJ (with whom Nourse LJ and Beldam LJ
concurred) said (at 308) that:

there is a heavy duty upon those applying ex parte under RSC O 11, r 1 for
leave to serve a writ out of the jurisdiction … to make full and frank
disclosure.

12 The duty on the applicant is onerous, and if he fails to discharge it, the
leave granted may be set aside even if the non-disclosure is innocent. In
Lazard Brothers and Company v Midland Bank, Limited [1933] AC 289, Lord Wright
held (at 306–307) that although the failure in that case was not tainted with
the slightest suggestion of bad faith, ‘The court has a discretion to set
aside an order made ex parte when the applicant has failed to make sufficient
or candid disclosure.’

101 In determining what must be disclosed by the applicant, the applicable
test is the objective test of materiality, which asks whether the facts in
question are matters that the court would likely take into consideration in
making its decision on the ex parte application (Zoom Communications at [68];
The “Vasiliy Golovnin” [2008] 4 SLR(R) 994 (“Vasiliy Golovnin”) at [86]). What
is material and should be disclosed is essentially a matter of common sense
and would depend on the facts and circumstances of each case (Vasiliy Golovnin
at [88]). As the Court of Appeal noted in Vasiliy Golovnin at [88], citing
Commercial Injunctions (Steven Gee, Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2004), the duty
of disclosure involves striking a right balance between competing
considerations:

It is often a difficult exercise to settle a suitable affidavit which achieves
the right balance between full and fair disclosure and a far too detailed
description of the facts, with perhaps too much generosity towards the
defendant. The duty of disclosure does not require the applicant to describe
his case or the factual background in minute detail, nor does it require him
to search for possible but unlikely defences.

[emphasis original]

My decision

102 Turning to the facts of this case, considered as a whole, I did not find
that any lack of disclosure or misinformation on the part of the plaintiff was
so material as to warrant a setting aside of the leave to serve out of
jurisdiction on this ground.

103 The defendants took particular issue with the following paragraph from the
plaintiff’s statement of claim, which they said deliberately misled the court
on the status of the proceedings in the BVI:

The BVI Order of 29.11.16 stayed proceedings in BVI Claim until 31.1.17 to
give parties liberty to apply. It provided that Shanmuga was granted
permission to discontinue the claim after the expiry of the stay. There was no
application for a stay nor was there any application for an extension of time
to apply for a stay. BVI Claim 101 was therefore discontinued after 31.1.17.

104 To my mind the above-quoted paragraph of the statement of claim did not
show that the plaintiff had deliberately misled the court knowing that the
true status of the BVI proceedings was otherwise. I was satisfied that the
plaintiff’s assertion of the discontinuance of the BVI claim in the above-
quoted section of the statement of claim was an expression of her own opinion
on the status of the proceedings based on her interpretation of the relevant
BVI order, though I note that it would have been prudent for the plaintiff to
have made that qualification more clearly.

105 In relation to the defendants’ submission that the plaintiff should have
disclosed the claim made by Darsan in Suit 821 to the beneficial interest in
MDWL, it was not shown that Darsan’s claim to the beneficial interest was
within the knowledge of the plaintiff at the time she commenced this action. I
was of the view that in any event, this was not a material fact which had to
be expressly disclosed during the ex parte application. Neither was I
satisfied that the plaintiff’s lack of express reference in the ex parte
application to her partial failed attempt to amend the statement of claim for
Suit 966 was so material as to cause leave to be set aside on grounds of non-
disclosure.

106 Therefore, in my judgment, leave granted to serve out of jurisdiction
should not be denied on the ground of lack of full and frank disclosure.
However, this was immaterial to the outcome of this application given my
findings above that there were other grounds for setting aside the leave to
serve out of jurisdiction.

Other issues

Letter from the BVI Court

107 During the hearing for this matter, the defendants referred to a letter of
request that was said to have been sent by the BVI Court addressed to the
Supreme Court of Singapore, which sought the assistance of the Singapore
courts to, amongst others, recognise the appointment and powers of the
receivers of MDWL. However, as it turned out, this BVI letter had not been
sent out by the BVI Court, at least at the point of the hearing before me. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Dfs’ letter to court dated 22 November 2017.

In any event, I did not consider the contents of the letter in determining
this case.

Further arguments after hearing

108 After the oral hearing, and pending my reserved decision, the plaintiff
sent in further arguments without seeking leave to do so beforehand.
Notwithstanding that, I asked the defendants to respond. These further
arguments have been considered and incorporated in these grounds of decision.

109 However, I should make clear that this does not absolve the plaintiff from
the obligation to ask for leave. As I have reiterated in Re: Zetta Jet Pte Ltd
and Others [2018] SGHC 16, once oral arguments have concluded, it is a matter
of courtesy at the very least to ask for leave to send in further arguments.
In addition, courts would be disinclined to allow further arguments after oral
hearings save when good reasons are established, as there must be finality to
the process.

Conclusion

110 Having regard to the foregoing, I set aside leave to serve the writ on the
defendants out of jurisdiction. I made no order on the application for a
declaration that all proceedings in the suit, including the ex parte
injunction, be set aside. Given that the ex parte injunction was the subject
of a separate application under Summons No 994 of 2017, I was satisfied that
it should be determined under that application, given that it is a separate
mater from the setting aside of leave to serve out of jurisdiction.

111 Costs of $10,000 excluding disbursements were granted to the defendants,
with disbursements to be determined.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

Kanapathi Pillai Nirumalan, Liew Teck Huat and Anand George (Niru & Co LLC)
for the plaintiff;  
Melvin See Hsien Huei and Yeow Guan Wei Joel  
(Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

