Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGCA 5

Civil Appeal No 63 of 2017

Between

(1)| OCHROID TRADING LIMITED (FORMERLY KNOWN AS ORION TRADING LIMITED)  
---|---  
(2)| OLE PRYTZ RASMUSSEN  
  
… Appellants

And

(1)| CHUA SIOK LUI (TRADING AS VIE IMPORT & EXPORT)  
---|---  
(2)| SIM ENG TONG  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of Suit No 238 of 2014

Between

(1)| OCHROID TRADING LIMITED (FORMERLY KNOWN AS ORION TRADING LIMITED)  
---|---  
(2)| OLE PRYTZ RASMUSSEN  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| CHUA SIOK LUI (TRADING AS VIE IMPORT & EXPORT)  
---|---  
(2)| SIM ENG TONG  
  
… Defendants

JUDGMENT

[Contract] — [Illegality and public policy]

[Credit and Security] — [Money and moneylenders] — [Illegal moneylending]

[Restitution] — [Unjust enrichment] — [Illegality and public policy]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ochroid Trading Ltd and another

  
v

  

Chua Siok Lui (trading as VIE Import & Export) and another

[2018] SGCA 5

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 63 of 2017  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Judith Prakash JA,  
Tay Yong Kwang JA and Steven Chong JA  
16 October 2017

22 January 2018 Judgment reserved.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
in Ochroid Trading Ltd and another v Chua Siok Lui (trading as VIE Import &
Export) and another [2017] SGHC 56 (“the Judgment”) dismissing the Appellants’
claim for the return of monies (including alleged “profit”) pursuant to 76
agreements. The Appellants mount their claim against the First Respondent in
contract (for a total sum of $10,253,845, which includes the alleged “profit”)
or, alternatively, in unjust enrichment (for only the principal sums totalling
$8,909,500 without the “profit”). They also claim against the First Respondent
and the Second Respondent for both fraudulent misrepresentation as well as for
conspiring to defraud them.

2 The primary issue arising from the Appellants’ claim against the First
Respondent in contract is legally straightforward, albeit factually intensive
– whether the claim fails because the agreements were illegal moneylending
contracts which are unenforceable under the Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 1985
Rev Ed) (“the MLA”).

3 The alternative claim in unjust enrichment, however, is more difficult and
legally significant. It concerns the issue of what impact, if any, the
illegality of a contract has on an independent claim in unjust enrichment to
recover the benefits conferred thereunder. This is a vexing area of the law,
particularly after the recent landmark decision of the UK Supreme Court in
Patel v Mirza [2017] AC 467 (“Patel”), in which the majority of a specially
convened nine-judge coram dramatically shifted the law by replacing the
traditional rule-based approach towards the doctrine of illegality with a
discretionary policy-based test. To the extent that the present case concerns
potential statutory illegality (as opposed to common law illegality), Patel is
not, strictly speaking, relevant as the court in that decision confined its
pronouncements to illegality at common law (although that in itself raises a
difficulty which we shall elaborate upon later in this judgment). However, to
the extent that the judges in Patel rendered observations on the
restitutionary recovery of benefits conferred under an illegal contract
through a claim in unjust enrichment as well as the impact of such recovery on
traditional and established legal avenues of restitutionary recovery via
doctrines such as locus poenitentiae, such observations are in fact directly
relevant to the present case.

4 We would also like to take this opportunity to set out our views on the
general relevance of Patel in Singapore law in order to clarify what the local
position is on the doctrine of illegality and public policy in the context of
unlawful contracts, and, in particular, what impact (if any) Patel has on the
decision of this Court in Ting Siew May v Boon Lay Choo and another [2014] 3
SLR 609 (“Ting Siew May”). Before proceeding to do so, we first set out the
factual background of the present case, a summary of the Judge’s decision, as
well as the issues that are raised in the present appeal.

The facts

Parties to the dispute

5 The Second Appellant (“Mr Ole”) is the sole director and shareholder of the
First Appellant (“Orion”). He is an experienced businessman who has been
involved in various businesses since the 1980s, primarily in the retail of
beverages and fruit juices. Mr Ole is married to Mdm Lai Oi Heng (“Mdm Lai”).
Mdm Lai has been in charge of managing the couple’s joint personal portfolio
by channelling their wealth towards various investments since the 1970s.

6 The Second Respondent (“Mr Sim”) is an entrepreneur. He is the mentor of the
First Respondent (“Ms Chua”), who assisted him in his business. In 2003, Mr
Sim and Ms Chua started a sole proprietorship, VIE Import and Export (“VIE”),
with Ms Chua as its registered owner. VIE was in the business of general
wholesale trade until it was de-registered in 2012.

Background to the dispute

7 Mdm Lai first met the Respondents around the end of 2003 when she obtained
Mr Sim’s help to settle a dispute. Mdm Lai and Mr Sim became good friends.

8 Subsequently, from early 2005, Mdm Lai and VIE entered into a series of
agreements. The agreements were recorded in writing. On their face, they were
for Mdm Lai to provide “loans” to VIE for the purchase and resale of specified
foods and food-related products overseas. The agreements provided that the
funds were to be repaid with a “profit” on a stipulated date (“the Repayment
Date”). Each agreement was also supported by a tax invoice from VIE stating
the type, quantity and price of the goods which it related to.

9 At Mdm Lai’s request, the party providing the funds under the agreements was
changed from Mdm Lai to Orion around end 2007 (hereinafter referred to as “the
Orion Agreements”), and then from Orion to Mr Ole from about end February to
March 2008 (hereinafter referred to as “the Ole Agreements”). In total,
between 2005 and early 2008, there were 740 such agreements between Mdm Lai,
Orion or Mr Ole (as the party providing the funds) and VIE under which more
than $58m was disbursed (“the Agreements”).

10 Both sides accept that the Agreements are not entirely proper. In
particular, it is common ground that the tax invoices are not genuine
documents and do not reflect actual transactions performed by VIE. What is
disputed is the true nature of the Agreements and the events which transpired
during the material period.

11 Subsequently, VIE failed to repay the Appellants under the 76 Orion and Ole
Agreements, which were concluded between December 2007 and March 2008. The sum
outstanding under the Orion and Ole Agreements was $10,253,845, comprising
$8,909,500 as the principal sums yet to be repaid and $1,344,345 as the
“profit” due to the Appellants. The Appellants therefore sued Ms Chua (trading
as VIE) for breach of contract (for the entire outstanding sum) and in unjust
enrichment (for the unpaid principal sums alone). They also sued Ms Chua and
Mr Sim for falsely representing to them that the monies were for business
purposes and for conspiring to defraud them. The two latter claims are
therefore the only substantive causes of action against Mr Sim.

12 It should be noted from the outset that the claims in contract and unjust
enrichment are against Ms Chua in her capacity as the sole proprietor of VIE.
In fact, it was VIE which was the contracting party to the Agreements as made
clear by the wording of the contracts, and the fact that they were endorsed
with VIE’s stamp. In this regard, it is undisputed that Mr Sim was the main
controller of VIE and Ms Chua was acting as his assistant.

The decision below

13 In the proceedings below, the High Court dismissed the Appellants’ claims
against the Respondents in full. We will examine the Judge’s analysis of each
claim in greater detail in the course of our judgment, but at this stage it
suffices to set out a brief summary of her grounds of decision.

14 First, on the breach of contract claim, the Judge found that:

(a) The Agreements were based on a template dictated by Mdm Lai who insisted
on an invoice (which she knew to be false) to accompany each Agreement so that
the transactions would not look like moneylending transactions (at [48] of the
Judgment);

(b) The objective language of the Agreements and the substance of the
transactions indicated that the Orion and Ole Agreements were loan contracts
rather than “investments” as claimed by the Appellants (at [47]); and

(c) The evidence demonstrated that the Appellants were unlicensed moneylenders
under the MLA and the Orion and Ole Agreements were unenforceable under s 15
of the same Act (at [80]).

15 Second, on the unjust enrichment claim, the Judge found that, since the
Orion and Ole Agreements were unenforceable under s 15 of the MLA, the claim
in unjust enrichment should also fail. The alternative claim was a backdoor
attempt to enforce an unenforceable loan contract (at [84]).

16 Third, on the claim in fraudulent misrepresentation, the Judge found that
there would have been no representation by the Respondents to the Appellants
or to Mdm Lai that the monies advanced to VIE would be used to purchase the
goods mentioned in the invoices, let alone any reliance placed by them on any
such representation or on the invoices. This was because the Agreements were
moneylending transactions and it was Mdm Lai who insisted on the fabricated
invoices to mask the nature of the Agreements (at [91]).

17 Fourth, on the claim in conspiracy to defraud, there was no agreement
between the Respondents to do certain acts with the intent to cause damage to
the Appellants. Once again, the manner in which the Agreements were structured
with the accompanying false invoices was done with the full knowledge of Mdm
Lai and the Appellants. The monies advanced under the Agreements were thus
purely loans and there were no terms limiting their use (at [92]).

The issues in this appeal

18 In this appeal, there are three main issues before us:

(a) Whether the Orion and Ole Agreements fall foul of the MLA and are thus
unenforceable;

(b) If so, whether there can nevertheless be restitutionary recovery of the
principal sums disbursed under the Orion and Ole Agreements pursuant to an
independent cause of action in unjust enrichment; and

(c) Whether the claims in fraudulent misrepresentation and conspiracy to
defraud are made out against the Respondents.

Our decision

19 Before we turn to our analysis of the issues in the present appeal, we
first set out the law on the doctrine of illegality and public policy in the
context of unlawful contracts.

The doctrine of illegality and public policy in the context of unlawful
contracts

Introduction

20 As this Court observed in Ting Siew May (at [33]), “[i]t bears repeating
that the law relating to illegality and public policy is generally confused
(and confusing)”. This is not surprising, given the very nature of the subject
itself. Indeed, the oftimes elusive nature of the concept of public policy is,
as we observed in that same case, “an unruly horse and must therefore be
applied wisely”. We say this only to underscore the important threshold point
that any approach towards this very difficult subject in the common law of
contract needs, in the circumstances, to be as straightforward as possible.
Indeed, if the general approach is unclear and/or engenders uncertainty, the
existing difficulties will only be exacerbated, which will not conduce towards
the ultimate aim of the courts in achieving justice and fairness in the case
at hand while upholding the integrity of the legal system. As we will
elaborate upon below, the approach adopted in Patel has, with respect,
generated more uncertainty in introducing even more discretion in an area of
contract law that is already excessively fluid. What is required, in our view,
is a legal framework that is not only as comprehensible as is possible but
also practically workable. Looked at in this light, it might be appropriate to
commence with an overview of the present legal position in Singapore before
proceeding to consider the decision in Patel and its impact on the law in our
jurisdiction.

The present legal position in Singapore

(1) Introduction

21 The most recent authority outlining the present legal position in Singapore
is that of this Court in Ting Siew May. Although we do not propose to re-
traverse ground that has already been covered in some detail in that
particular decision, we will summarise, where relevant, the principles which
we laid down in that case.

(2) The first stage – is the contract prohibited?

(A) No recovery under an illegal contract

22 The law of illegality and public policy in the law of contract has
traditionally been divided in two broad (or general) areas – statutory
illegality and illegality at common law (see Ting Siew May at [27]). However,
the common thread running through both areas is this – the first stage of the
inquiry is to ascertain whether the contract (as opposed to merely the
conduct) is prohibited. If, indeed, the contract is prohibited, then there can
be no recovery whatsoever pursuant to the (illegal) contract; put simply, the
contract concerned is void and unenforceable and cannot be “saved” by any
balancing (or, indeed, any other) process.

23 The strict rule that no recovery is permitted under a contract that is
prohibited on the basis of illegality can be traced back to the celebrated
decision of Lord Mansfield CJ in Holman v Johnson (1775) 1 Cowp 341 (“Holman v
Johnson”) at 343:

The objection, that a contract is immoral or illegal as between plaintiff and
defendant, sounds at all times very ill in the mouth of the defendant. It is
not for his sake, however, that the objection is ever allowed; but it is
founded in general principles of policy, which the defendant has the advantage
of, contrary to the real justice, as between him and the plaintiff, by
accident, if I may so say. The principle of public policy is this: ex dolo
malo non oritur actio. No Court will lend its aid to a man who founds his
cause of action upon an immoral or an illegal act. If, from the plaintiff’s
own stating or otherwise, the cause of action appears to arise ex turpi causa,
or the transgression of a positive law of this country, there the Court says
he has no right to be assisted. It is upon that ground the court goes; not for
the sake of the defendant, but because they will not lend their aid to such a
plaintiff. So if the plaintiff and defendant were to change sides, and the
defendant was to bring his action against the plaintiff, the latter would then
have the advantage of it; for where both are equally in fault, potior est
conditio defendentis. [emphasis added in bold italics]

24 From this passage, the two Latin maxims which have dominated this doctrine
can be extracted. The first is the maxim ex turpi causa non oritur actio (ie,
from a dishonourable cause, an action does not arise). The second states that
in pari delicto potior est conditio defendentis (ie, in equal fault, better is
the condition of the defendant). These maxims, which have been used
interchangeably by the courts, established themselves as a rule of the common
law that the court will not assist a plaintiff whose claim is based on an
illegal contract (see J K Grodecki, “In Pari Delicto Potior Est Conditio
Defendentis” (1955) 71 LQR 254 (“Grodecki”) at pp 256–258).

25 This traditional position, which left no discretion to the courts, was
sometimes harsh. But as Lord Mansfield emphasised in Holman v Johnson, the
focus was not on achieving justice between the parties. The defendant may be
equally undeserving, and it was not for his sake that the rule operated.
Rather, it was premised on the unworthiness of the plaintiff and the broader
public policy in protecting the integrity of the courts.

26 This last-mentioned point is of the first importance because a contrary
approach was in fact adopted in Patel; as we shall see below, the majority of
the UK Supreme Court in Patel adopted a balancing exercise at this particular
stage (viz, the first stage of the inquiry), thereby departing from the strict
orthodox position. The important issue that arises is whether the Singapore
courts ought now to adopt the discretionary approach that was mooted by the
majority in Patel – and is one that we will deal with later in this judgment.
For now, what we are concerned with in this section of our judgment is the
present legal position in Singapore. As will be made clear, the position in
Singapore is largely in line with the traditional strict position, subject to
one important caveat that was elucidated in Ting Siew May, which is outlined
at [31]–[41] below.

(B) Statutory illegality

27 We start with the principles on statutory illegality. Where it is alleged
that the contract is prohibited by statute, the court will have to examine the
legislative purpose of the relevant provision in order to determine whether
the provision was intended to prohibit the contract (and not merely the
illegal conduct). This is a question of statutory interpretation.

28 In Ting Siew May, this Court approved the seminal judgment of Devlin J (as
he then was) in St John Shipping Corporation v Joseph Rank Ltd [1957] 1 QB 267
(“St John Shipping”), and the nuanced approach to statutory illegality laid
down in that case (see, generally, Ting Siew May at [103]−[116]). The
fundamental question is whether the statutory provision concerned is intended
to prohibit only the conduct of the parties or whether it is, instead,
intended to prohibit not only the conduct but also the contract (see Ting Siew
May at [106]). Where the statutory provision is clear, this would be a
situation of “express prohibition” (see Ting Siew May at [107]–[109]). In so
far as the category of “implied prohibition” is concerned, the court will be
slow to imply the statutory prohibition of contracts. Thus, it will not be
held that any contract or class of contracts is impliedly prohibited by
statute unless there is a “clear implication” or “necessary inference” that
this was what the statute intended (see Ting Siew May at [110]). Judicial
reticence in this particular regard is warranted as statutory illegality
generally takes no account of the parties’ subjective intentions or relative
culpability and could render contracts unenforceable even where the infraction
was committed unwittingly. The restricted approach to implied prohibition is
also justified given the proliferation of administrative and regulatory
provisions in modern legislation (see Ting Siew May at [111]). At the same
time, any concern that contracts involving statutory contraventions might go
unpunished will be addressed by the common law principles on contractual
illegality, to which we now turn.

(C) Common law illegality

29 In so far as illegality at common law is concerned, the question is whether
the contract falls foul of one of the established heads of common law public
policy. The heads of public policy at common law which would render a contract
unenforceable were developed over time. These include contracts prejudicial to
the administration of justice (including contracts to stifle a prosecution and
contracts savouring of maintenance or champerty); contracts to deceive public
authorities; contracts to oust the jurisdiction of the courts; contracts to
commit a crime, tort or fraud; contracts prejudicial to public safety;
contracts prejudicial to the status of marriage (including marriage brokage
contracts as well as agreements by married persons to marry and agreements
between spouses for future separation); contracts promoting sexual immorality;
contracts that are liable to corrupt public life; and contracts restricting
personal liberty (see “Illegality and Public Policy” in ch 13 of The Law of
Contract in Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing,
2012) (“Illegality and Public Policy in Singapore”) at paras 13.065–13.113).

30 In Ting Siew May, we reiterated the role of the established heads of common
law public policy (at [27]–[28]; see, also, ACB v Thomson Medical Pte Ltd and
others [2017] 1 SLR 918 at [52]). In this regard, we should emphasise that
although the categories of illegality at common law are not closed, the courts
will not readily add new categories. There is also always the issue as to
whether, as society changes, the existing categories themselves will need to
be modified or even (in extreme cases) done away with. The entire legal
enterprise in this particular sphere is exacerbated by the fact that, as
already noted above, the very nature of public policy is both fluid and
problematic.

31 One particular category of contracts which gave rise to much difficulty
comprised contracts tainted by illegality, but which are not expressly or
impliedly prohibited by statute nor contrary to one of the established heads
of common law public policy. In particular, there was much confusion over
contracts that are not for the express purpose of committing a crime, tort or
fraud (which are clearly unenforceable) but which nevertheless involve the
commission of a legal wrong either in their formation, purpose or manner of
performance. The principle adopted in the English cases was that the court
would refuse to enforce a contract which in itself was not unlawful but made,
at the time the contract was entered into, with the intention of one or both
parties of using the contract for the commission of a legal wrong or carrying
out unlawful conduct (see Alexander v Rayson [1936] 1 KB 169 (“Alexander”) at
182; St John Shipping at 283). The difficulty arose from the broad nature of
this principle, which could potentially render unenforceable a great many
contracts, and the uncertainty over the degree of knowledge or participation
in the illegal enterprise required before a plaintiff would be precluded from
bringing a claim under the contract.

(I) Ting Siew May v Boon Lay Choo

32 The decision of this Court in Ting Siew May principally concerned this
difficult category of contracts which are not illegal per se but which
nevertheless involve the commission of a legal wrong.

33 The case concerned an option to purchase a property (“the Option”) which
was granted by the appellant to the respondents on 13 October 2012. The Option
was backdated to 4 October 2012 at the respondents’ request. This was in order
that the respondents could obtain a housing loan from a bank (“the Bank”) on
the more favourable terms allowed prior to the amendment to MAS Notice No 632
issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore on 5 October 2012 (“the 5
October Notice”), which lowered the permissible loan-to-value ratio of
residential property loans for borrowers in the respondents’ position.
Subsequently, the appellant withdrew her offer as provided in the Option,
stating that she did not want to be a party to any illegality or irregularity.
Correspondence between the parties’ solicitors ensued. Amongst other things,
the respondents’ solicitors proposed exercising the Option on the basis that
it was dated 13 October 2012, the actual date of the appellant’s signature,
and that the respondents would obtain financing for the purchase on that
basis. However, no resolution was reached. The respondents applied to the High
Court for a declaration that the Option was valid and binding on the appellant
and for an order for specific performance of the Option by the appellant or,
alternatively, damages. The High Court granted both the declaration and the
order for specific performance sought by the respondents. The appellant
appealed against the decision that the Option was declared valid and binding
on the appellant.

34 The issue before the Court of Appeal, therefore, was whether the Option was
valid and enforceable. The Court held that there was neither express nor
implied statutory prohibition of the Option. Nevertheless, it was found that
the Option fell within the principles of common law illegality.

35 In particular, taking the cue from St John Shipping once again, it was
accepted that there is a broad and general category of contracts illegal at
common law comprising contracts which are not unlawful per se but entered into
with the object of committing an illegal act. This category depends on the
intention of one or both of the contracting parties to break the law at the
time the contract was made. It includes contracts entered into with the object
of using the subject-matter of the contract for an illegal purpose, contracts
entered into with the intention of using the contractual documentation for an
illegal purpose, as well as contracts which are intended to be performed in an
illegal manner. This category also comprises contracts entered into with the
intention of contravening a statutory provision, although not prohibited by
that provision per se (at [43]–[45], [77] and [112]).

36 Having recognised this general category of common law illegality, the Court
acknowledged that it would be unjust to lay down a strict rule that all
contracts falling within this broad category would be automatically
unenforceable. There might be legal wrongs intended to be committed by one or
more parties which are relatively trivial and it would be disproportionate to
render the contract void and unenforceable in such situations (at [46]).
Therefore, it was held that the application of the doctrine of illegality to
this particular category of contracts is subject to the (limiting) principle
of proportionality.

37 In laying down the principle of proportionality, the Court relied on law
reform proposals by both the Law Commission of England and Wales (Law
Commission of England and Wales, Illegal Transactions: The Effect of
Illegality on Contracts and Trusts (LCCP No 154, 1999) (“Illegal Transactions
(1999)”); Law Commission of England and Wales, The Illegality Defence (LCCP No
189, 2009) (“The Illegality Defence (2009)”)) and the Law Reform Committee of
the Singapore Academy of Law (Relief from Unenforceability of Illegal
Contracts and Trusts (5 July 2002) (“Relief from Unenforceability of Illegal
Contracts and Trusts”)). Reference was also made to the English case of
ParkingEye Ltd v Somerfield Stores Ltd [2013] QB 840 in which the English
Court of Appeal held that the defence of illegality should be rejected if to
disallow the claim on the ground of illegality would lead to a
disproportionate result.

38 At this juncture, we reproduce the material part of the judgment in Ting
Siew May that sets out the principle of proportionality (at [66]–[71]):

66 We would therefore agree that where a contract is entered into with the
object of committing an illegal act, the general approach that the courts
should undertake is to examine the relevant policy considerations underlying
the illegality principle so as to produce a proportionate response to the
illegality in each case. As alluded to above, this was the approach advocated
by the English Law Commission and endorsed by Toulson LJ in ParkingEye ([49]
supra). The English Law Commission in The Illegality Defence (2009) ([61]
supra) at paras 3.126–3.135 considered that the factors relevant to assessing
proportionality included: (a) whether allowing the claim would undermine the
purpose of the prohibiting rule; (b) the seriousness of the offence; (c) the
causal connection between the claim and the illegal conduct; (d) the conduct
of the parties; and (e) the proportionality of denying the claim (similar
factors were previously stated in Illegal Transactions (1999) ([45] supra) at
paras 7.27–7.43).

67 Factor (c) above relates to how closely the unlawful conduct is connected
to the particular claim. It is in substance similar to the principle of
remoteness of the illegality, which was the very pith and marrow of Prof
Furmston’s view as set out above (at [54]), and which (as we have seen) was
also applied in Madysen, Anglo Petroleum ([55] supra) and (most recently)
ParkingEye. This principle of remoteness of the illegality means that some
real or central (and not merely remote) connection must be demonstrated by the
party relying on the defence of illegality between the contract concerned and
the unlawful intention (whether that unlawful intention relates to a
contravention of statute or the common law). We have also noted above that a
key indication as to whether the illegality is too remote from the contract
lies in whether any overt step in carrying out the unlawful intention was
taken in the contract itself (see above at [56]).

68 In so far as the factor (e) at [66] above concerning the proportionality of
denying the claim is concerned, we would observe from the commentary on this
factor that it in fact relates to the consequences of denying the claim (see
The Illegality Defence (2009) at paras 3.135). Proportionality is therefore
not simply one of the factors to be considered, but applies as an overarching
principle for the court to determine whether denial of the relief sought is a
proportionate response to the illegality.

69 It should be noted that the factors first proposed by the English Law
Commission in Illegal Transactions 1999 were also discussed by the Law Reform
Committee of the Singapore Academy of Law in its report entitled Relief from
Unenforceability of Illegal Contracts and Trusts (5 July 2002) (at para 8.10)
and adopted in a modified (but substantially similar) form in the Committee’s
proposed draft bill, entitled “Illegal Transactions (Relief) Act 2002”, which
accompanied the report. The relevant section of the draft bill reads as
follows:

Relevant considerations

6.—(1) In granting or refusing to grant relief … the court shall have regard
to all relevant circumstances including —

(a) the public interest;

(b) the seriousness of the illegality;

(c) whether denying relief will act as a deterrent;

(d) whether denying relief will further the purpose of the rule which renders
the transaction illegal;

(e) whether denying relief is proportionate to the illegality involved;

(f) the circumstances of the formation or performance of the illegal
transaction, including the intent, knowledge, conduct and relationship of the
parties;

(g) whether any party to the illegal transaction was, at a material time,
acting under a mistake or fact or law;

(h) the extent to which the illegal transaction has been performed;

(i) whether the written law which renders the transaction illegal has been
substantially complied with;

(j) whether and to what extent the written law which renders the transaction
illegal provides relief; and

(k) other consequences of denying relief.

70 We would summarise the general factors which the courts should look at in
assessing proportionality in the context of contracts entered into with the
object of committing an illegal act as including the following: (a) whether
allowing the claim would undermine the purpose of the prohibiting rule; (b)
the nature and gravity of the illegality; (c) the remoteness or centrality of
the illegality to the contract; (d) the object, intent, and conduct of the
parties; and (e) the consequences of denying the claim.

71 It should be emphasised that this is not necessarily a conclusive list of
factors and, more importantly, that these factors should not be applied in a
rigid or mechanistic fashion. Rather, these factors should be applied to each
individual case, and weighed and considered by the court in the context of the
particular facts of that case itself. All this underscores the very fact-
centric nature of the inquiry that has to be undertaken by the court in this
regard. This is not perhaps entirely satisfactory when viewed from a strictly
theoretical perspective but is, in our view, only to be expected in the
practical context in which the application of the law to the relevant facts is
involved (and in which the inherently difficult concept of public policy (see
above at [33]–[35]) is also involved).

39 As is clear from the above passage, whilst the Court in Ting Siew May did
apply a balancing exercise (based on proportionality), it was only confined to
a very limited sphere, namely, the general category of contracts which are not
unlawful per se, but entered into with the object of committing an illegal
act. Therefore, such an approach would not apply to situations where the
contract is prohibited (either expressly or impliedly by statute or because it
falls foul of one of the established heads of common law public policy).
Hence, while the decision in Ting Siew May developed and clarified the law on
common law illegality, the case does not stand for the wide proposition that,
in Singapore, a discretionary approach based on the proportionality principle
has displaced the traditional approach under which, if the contract is held to
be prohibited, then there can be no recovery whatsoever pursuant to the
(illegal) contract (see [22]–[26] above).

40 This point is important for the present appeal because, as we shall see,
the majority in Patel was prepared to apply a balancing exercise across the
board in all cases of illegality at common law (albeit not in relation to
statutory illegality). To reiterate, the Court in Ting Siew May applied the
principle of proportionality in only a very limited sphere – in relation to
common law illegality and only to the category of contracts which are not
prohibited per se, but entered into with the object of committing an illegal
act. As the law in Singapore presently stands, the principle does not apply
where there has been statutory illegality that prohibits the contract
concerned and/or a situation under common law illegality where the contract is
prohibited under any of the established heads of common law public policy. If
a contract were to be prohibited in such a manner, then the contract would be
rendered void and unenforceable and no recovery pursuant to the contract would
be permitted (although restitutionary recovery might be possible under one or
more of the situations that are briefly set out in the next part of this
judgment).

41 Before proceeding to the existing principles on the restitutionary recovery
of benefits conferred under an illegal contract, we should also point out
that, even in the more limited category of contracts examined in Ting Siew
May, that case set out an approach based on proportionality, whereas the
balancing exercise adopted in Patel (across the board in relation to
illegality at common law) is based, instead, on a broader “range of factors”
approach (in which proportionality is just one factor to be considered).

(3) The second stage – if the contract is prohibited, could there nevertheless
be restitutionary recovery of benefits conferred thereunder?

42 A finding that a contract is prohibited is not necessarily the end to the
matter for there might be a second stage of the inquiry – which is to
ascertain whether, notwithstanding the fact that there can be no recovery
pursuant to the (illegal) contract, there might, nevertheless, be
restitutionary recovery of the benefits conferred thereunder (as opposed to
recovery of full contractual damages). Under the existing law, there are at
least three possible legal avenues for such (restitutionary) recovery. From
the outset, it should be emphasised that the relief accorded by the court in
these contexts is only by way of restitution – and no more; they do not allow
the plaintiff to enforce or profit from the illegal contract as such.

(A) Not in pari delicto

43 The first avenue of restitutionary recovery, which is the corollary of the
in pari delicto maxim, applies where the parties are not in pari delicto (ie,
where the plaintiff is less blameworthy than the defendant). The maxim has, as
its underlying premise, the idea that the party who is seeking restitutionary
recovery is not (or at least is not legally deemed to be) equally at fault
vis-à-vis the other party. It should be emphasised that this principle does
not entail a broad examination of the relative blameworthiness of each party.
Instead, the maxim applies only in established situations, consisting of the
following three categories:

(a) where the relevant legislation which prohibited the contract was a “class
protection statute” that was intended to protect the class of persons to whom
the plaintiff belonged (see, for example, the Privy Council decision (on
appeal from the Court of Appeal for Eastern Africa) of Kiriri Cotton Co Ltd v
Ranchhoddas Keshavji Dewani [1960] AC 192 applied by this Court in Tokyo
Investment Pte Ltd and another v Tan Chor Thing [1993] 2 SLR(R) 467);

(b) where the plaintiff entered into the contract on the basis of fraud,
duress or oppression (see, for example, the Court of King’s Bench decision of
Smith v Bromley (1760) 2 Doug KB 696 and the English Court of Appeal decision
of Shelley v Paddock [1980] 1 QB 348); or

(c) where the plaintiff entered into the illegal transaction as a result of a
mistake as to the facts constituting the illegality (see the decision of this
Court in Aqua Art Pte Ltd v Goodman Development (S) Pte Ltd [2011] 2 SLR 865
(“Aqua Art”) at [23]–[28]).

See, also, Illegality and Public Policy in Singapore at paras 13.129–13.136.

(B) Locus poenitentiae

44 The second possible avenue of restitutionary recovery is the doctrine of
repentance (or timely repudiation) which is better known, in Latin, as the
locus poenitentiae doctrine. This doctrine enables a party to an illegal
contract to obtain (restitutionary) recovery of benefits that he has
transferred pursuant to that contract if he “repents” in time, that is, before
the illegal purpose is effected. Proverbially, that party is said to be
permitted a locus poenitentiae, that is, a place for repentance – an
opportunity to change one’s mind and undo what had hitherto been done (see
Illegality and Public Policy in Singapore at paras 13.155–13.157). The
rationale for this doctrine is to encourage contracting parties to back out of
illegal contracts.

45 The locus poenitentiae exception, as set out in the early cases, was
available whenever the contract was not “fully executed and carried out”
[emphasis added] (see the English High Court decision of Wilson v Strugnell
(1881) 7 QBD 548 at 551; see, also, Grodecki at pp 261–263 as well as a
leading English decision in Taylor v Bowers (1876) 1 QBD 291 (“Taylor”)). In
the late 19th and the 20th centuries, however, there were two developments
which restricted the principle. First, in another leading English decision,
Kearley v Thomson (1890) 24 QBD 742, it was held that no locus poenitentiae
would be allowed if there was even “partial carrying into effect of an illegal
purpose in a substantial manner” (at 747). This requirement was difficult to
reconcile with the broader approach taken in earlier cases, particularly the
leading English decision of Taylor. Second, in cases such as Alexander and the
English High Court decision of Bigos v Bousted [1951] 1 All ER 92 (“Bigos”), a
line was drawn between instances of “true repentance”, where the plaintiff
willingly withdrew from the illegal enterprise, and instances where the
execution of the contract was frustrated by circumstances beyond the
plaintiff’s control. In other words, it was held that, in order for the
doctrine to operate, there had to be genuine and voluntary “repentance” by the
party seeking recovery.

46 In Bigos, for instance, Pritchard J drew a distinction between true
“repentance” cases and so-called frustration cases, the latter of which could
not constitute “proper repentance”. The latter situation was what the learned
judge found to be present in Bigos: the person seeking recovery had no choice
but to repent because the illegal purpose had been “frustrated” by external
circumstances, namely the other party’s breach of the contract. However, in
the subsequent English Court of Appeal decision of Tribe v Tribe [1995] 3 WLR
913 (“Tribe”), Nourse and Millett LJJ were (at 926 and 938, respectively) of
the view that, in a situation where the illegal scheme was simply no longer
needed, the plaintiff’s voluntary withdrawal from the illegal transaction was
sufficient and genuine repentance was not necessary. In the words of Millett
LJ (at 938):

But I would hold that genuine repentance is not required. Justice is not a
reward for merit; restitution should not be confined to the penitent. I would
also hold that voluntary withdrawal from an illegal transaction when it has
ceased to be needed is sufficient. It is true that this is not necessary to
encourage withdrawal, but a rule to the opposite effect could lead to bizarre
results. Suppose, for example, that in Bigos v Bousted … exchange control had
been abolished before the foreign currency was made available: it is absurd to
suppose that the plaintiff should have been denied restitution.

47 Whilst the approach adopted in Tribe is not unattractive, it might be
queried whether the equities in a situation of “frustration” (as well as where
the illegal purpose is no longer needed) would be such as to tilt the decision
against recovery, in so far as the rationale of the doctrine is to encourage
timely withdrawal from the illegal enterprise. The Singapore High Court in
Colombo Dockyard Ltd v Jayasinghe Athula Anthony (trading as Metro Maritime
Services) [2003] 1 SLR(R) 869 surveyed the relevant case law and appeared (at
[130]−[140]) to adopt the approach taken in Tribe, which, as we have seen,
diverged from the English decision of Bigos by emphasising only voluntariness
of withdrawal – as opposed to genuineness of repentance.

48 In the more recent decision of this Court in Aqua Art, we referred (at
[30]–[31]) to these contrary requirements, but did not make a definitive
pronouncement on which is to be applied in Singapore. We noted that, in the
final analysis, it might perhaps be said that the two approaches overlap to
some extent and that there may be no practical difference between genuineness
and voluntariness when it comes to the application of the doctrine to a
particular set of facts, if one accepts that the notion of genuineness does
not connote a subjective feeling of remorse on the part of the plaintiff. To
repeat our observations in Aqua Art (at [31]):

There may well be an overlap between – or even coincidence of – these two
elements, depending on the fact situation concerned. Indeed, if the relevant
legal proposition is that the concept of genuineness is unnecessary in so far
as it connotes a subjective feeling of remorse on the part of the party
concerned … there may well be no practical difficulties inasmuch as the
concept of voluntariness means that, on the facts of cases such as Bigos, the
result would be the same … [emphasis in original]

49 In Patel, the majority of the UK Supreme Court did not consider it
necessary to discuss the question of locus poenitentiae. However, the rest of
the coram did consider the doctrine and endorsed the approach adopted in
Tribe. In fact, they advocated for that doctrine to be further liberalised to
allow recovery not just in cases where there is no genuine repentance, but
even in instances where the illegal contract has been fully executed, as long
as restitutio in integrum can be achieved in practical terms (see [92], [97],
[100] and [104]–[105] below). We will return to this issue, and the impact of
Patel on the doctrine of locus poenitentiae in Singapore later in our judgment
(at [171]–[175] below).

(C) The “independent cause of action” exception to property claims

50 The third, and most controversial, possible avenue of restitutionary
recovery is premised on recovery through an independent cause of action. This
is the flipside of what has been termed “the reliance principle”: the notion
that a plaintiff cannot succeed if he has to “rely on” the illegal transaction
in order to make out his cause of action. The reliance principle is much
debated, and we will return to it, and the different conceptions of “reliance”
which need to be disengaged, later in our judgment (see [127]–[138] below).
For now, it suffices to note that recovery through an independent cause of
action is permitted despite the illegality of the underlying contract because
the plaintiff is not relying on the illegal contract in a substantive legal
manner but, instead, on a cause of action that lies outside the sphere of the
law of contract altogether. On a normative level, this exception is justified
as it does not allow the plaintiff to profit from the illegal contract but
simply puts the parties in the position they would have been in if they had
never entered into the illegal transaction.

51 Traditionally, the independent causes of actions which have been recognised
as allowing the recovery of benefits conferred under an illegal transaction
include claims in tort and the law of trusts premised on the plaintiff’s
property or title. In this regard, there are two important cases, the English
Court of Appeal judgment of Bowmakers Ltd v Barnet Instruments Ltd [1945] KB
65 (“Bowmakers”) and the UK House of Lords decision in Tinsley v Milligan
[1994] 1 AC 340 (“Tinsley”).

(I) Bowmakers Ltd v Barnet Instruments Ltd

52 Bowmakers concerned a claim in the tort of conversion based on the
plaintiff’s title in the relevant goods, which had been bailed to the
defendants under an illegal contract of hire purchase. The defendants
wrongfully sold the goods, and the plaintiff sought damages for the
conversion. The defendants relied on the illegality of the contract as a
defence. The English Court of Appeal allowed the claim in conversion,
notwithstanding the illegality, on the basis that the plaintiff was “not
relying on the [illegal] hiring agreements at all” (at 69). In particular, it
was held that a claim by a plaintiff to possess his own chattels will as a
general rule be enforced “even though it may appear either from the pleadings,
or in the course of the trial, that the chattels in question came into the
defendant’s possession by reason of an illegal contract between himself and
the plaintiff, provided that the plaintiff does not seek, and is not forced,
either to found his claim on the illegal contract or to plead its illegality
in order to support his claim” [emphasis added] (at 71).

53 Bowmakers is a controversial case. The chief difficulty with its reasoning
is the inescapable fact that even in a claim based upon title or proprietary
interest, the plaintiff will have to rely at some point or other, on the
illegal contract or transaction, if nothing else, to establish his title or
proprietary interest in the subject-matter concerned (see Illegality and
Public Policy in Singapore at paras 13.141–13.142). Nevertheless, the
principle established in Bowmakers that recovery in the proprietary context is
possible as long as the plaintiff does not have “to found his claim on the
illegal contract or to plead its illegality” was endorsed and extended to
proprietary claims in equity by the majority of the House of Lords in the
famous (or perhaps infamous) case of Tinsley.

(II) Tinsley v Milligan

54 Tinsley concerned a claim in resulting trust. In that case, the parties
both provided money for the purchase of a house in which they resided as
lovers and which was also run as a lodging house. Although the common
understanding was that there was to be joint ownership of the house, the house
itself was conveyed only into the name of the plaintiff. Such a conveyance was
in fact effected in order to enable the defendant to make false claims for
social security benefits that would only be given in the event that the
applicant did not own a home. The parties later fell out, and the plaintiff
moved out. The plaintiff subsequently gave the defendant notice to quit and
brought an action for possession, claiming that the house was hers. The
defendant brought a counterclaim for an order of sale and for a declaration
that the property was held by the plaintiff on trust for the parties in equal
shares.

55 The House held in favour of the defendant on resulting trust by a majority
of three to two. The minority was of the view that recovery was precluded
because the claim was in equity and fell within the scope of the maxim that “a
court of equity will not assist a claimant who does not come to equity with
clean hands”, which was broader than the Bowmakers rule (per Lord Goff of
Chieveley at 362). The majority, in contrast, held that the principle in
Bowmakers was applicable to situations in both common law and equity.

56 In particular, the majority found that the illegality did not bar the claim
because of the presumption of resulting trust, which meant that the defendant
could establish her equitable interest in the property without relying in any
way on the underlying illegal transaction. However, if the presumption of
advancement had applied, then the claim would have failed as the plaintiff
would have had to lead evidence sufficient to rebut the presumption and in so
doing would normally have to plead, and give evidence of, the underlying
illegal purpose. As Lord Browne-Wilkinson put it, “[a] party to an illegality
can recover by virtue of a legal or equitable property interest if, but only
if, he can establish his title without relying on his own illegality”
[emphasis added] (at 375). The decision is also notable for the rejection by
the House of Lords of the broader “public conscience test” (viz, whether the
public conscience would be affronted by the allowance of the claim) developed
in tort cases and applied by Nicholls LJ (as he then was) in the English Court
of Appeal in Tinsley v Milligan [1992] 1 Ch 310.

57 The holding of the majority in Tinsley was – because of its artificiality
and possible arbitrariness in result – the focus of a not insignificant amount
of academic criticism (see, for example, Hugh Stowe, “The ‘Unruly Horse’ Has
Bolted: Tinsley v Milligan” (1994) 57 MLR 441 at p 446). This was the case
despite the fact that the decision had ample backing in the case law (see, for
example, ARPL Palaniappa Chettiar v PLAR Arunasalam Chettiar [1962] AC 294
(Privy Council); Gascoigne v Gascoigne [1918] 1 KB 223 (English Court of
Appeal); In re Emery’s Investments Trusts, Emery v Emery [1959] 1 Ch 410
(English High Court); and McEvoy v Belfast Banking Company Limited [1934] NI
67 (Northern Ireland Court of Appeal); affirmed [1935] AC 24 (House of Lords);
as well as Tinker v Tinker [1970] P 136 (English Court of Appeal), all of
which were referred to in Tinsley itself (at 374)). Indeed, the English Court
of Appeal in Tribe, in a fact situation where the rebutting of the presumption
of advancement was necessary, avoided the harsh effects of the procedural
distinction drawn in Tinsley by reference to the doctrine of locus
poenitentiae, which we outlined earlier.

58 The decision of the House of Lords in Tinsley was also expressly rejected
by the High Court of Australia in Nelson v Nelson (1995) 184 CLR 538
(“Nelson”) on the basis that it was “neither satisfactory nor soundly based in
legal policy” and would produce results which “are essentially random” (per
McHugh J at [26]). We will return to Nelson as well as the criticisms of
Tinsley later. At this point, it suffices to note that, despite its
difficulties, Tinsley, and its formulation of the reliance principle as a
formal or procedural test – which allows a plaintiff to obtain recovery if,
but only if, he does not need to found his claim on the illegal contract or to
plead its illegality in order to support his claim – remained a part of the
English common law until it was recently rejected by the majority in Patel.

59 Tinsley has also been endorsed and applied in Singapore, including the
decision of this Court in Top Ten Entertainment Pte Ltd v Lucky Red
Investments Ltd [2004] 4 SLR(R) 559 (“Top Ten Entertainment”). In this regard,
it has been held by the Singapore courts that Tinsley operates as a “special
exception” to the doctrine of illegality in the case of property rights (see,
for example, the Singapore High Court decision of Chee Jok Heng Stephanie v
Chang Yue Shoon [2010] 3 SLR 1131 at [41] and [42], citing Top Ten
Entertainment; see, also, the decision of this Court in Shi Fang v Koh Pee
Huat [1996] 1 SLR(R) 906 where Tinsley was applied to a claim pursuant to a
constructive trust).

(III) Unjust enrichment as a possible independent cause of action

60 The present appeal raises the further possibility that restitutionary
recovery could be obtained through an independent cause of action in unjust
enrichment. This alternative route towards restitutionary recovery has been
ventured in academic literature (see Illegality and Public Policy in Singapore
at para 13.150; see, also, Andrew Phang, “Of Illegality and Presumptions –
Australian Departures and Possible Solutions” (1996) 11 JCL 53). However,
there is no Singapore authority as yet which has definitively recognised that
a claim in unjust enrichment would fall within the “independent cause of
action” exception, and thereby allow recovery of the benefits conferred under
an illegal contract.

61 The decision which has come closest to exploring the issue is the judgment
of this Court in Top Ten Entertainment. In that case, the Court observed that
the reliance principle, as established in Tinsley, would preclude a claim for
money had and received and/or on the basis of failure of consideration (ie,
unjust enrichment in modern parlance) for the recovery of monies paid under an
illegal contract if the plaintiff has to rely on the illegal contract to
establish his claim (at [34]). These observations, however, were obiter dicta
as the relevant contracts in that case, which were tenancy agreements between
the appellant tenant and the respondent landlord, were held to be not illegal
in the first place.

62 The present case thus provides us with a useful opportunity to pronounce on
the scope, as well as limits, of restitutionary recovery of the benefits
conferred under an illegal contract through an independent claim in unjust
enrichment.

(4) Summary of the present legal position in Singapore

63 As noted above, the present law of illegality and public policy in the
Singapore context may be summed up as follows.

64 The court will first ascertain whether the contract is prohibited either
pursuant to a statute (expressly or impliedly) and/or an established head of
common law public policy. This is the first stage of the inquiry and, if the
contract is indeed thus prohibited, there can be no recovery pursuant to the
(illegal) contract. This is subject to the caveat that, in the general common
law category of contracts which are not unlawful per se but entered into with
the object of committing an illegal act (and only in this category), the
proportionality principle laid down in Ting Siew May ought to be applied to
determine if the contract is enforceable.

65 However, that may not be the end to the matter as a party who has
transferred benefits pursuant to the illegal contract might be able to recover
those benefits on a restitutionary basis (as opposed to recovery of full
contractual damages). This is the second stage of the inquiry. We saw that
there were at least three possible legal avenues for such recovery – all of
which have been summarised above (at [43]−[60]).

66 The present legal position in Singapore is thus relatively clear – at least
in so far as the legal approach is concerned. Admittedly, the process of
application of the relevant legal principles may be problematic but that is an
inevitable part of adjudication and is common to all areas of the law. Having
said that, and as alluded to above, there are issues which still need to be
clarified, particularly the principles governing an independent claim in
unjust enrichment for the recovery of benefits conferred under an illegal
contract as well as the limits of such a claim.

Patel v Mirza

67 This brings us neatly to the judgment of the UK Supreme Court in Patel. The
decision represents the current law on illegality and public policy in the UK.
As we noted in our introduction, it is a landmark judgment. A bench of nine
judges was convened to try to settle – once and for all – this problematic
sphere of the private law. However, as we observed at the outset of this part
of the judgment, any attempt to settle this particular area of the law of
contract is always going to be an uphill task, to say the least. This is due –
crudely put – to the nature of “the beast”, which is at once harsh in its
consequences yet fluid and elusive in its doctrinal form. Not surprisingly,
perhaps, whilst the coram in Patel unanimously agreed on the result, the
majority differed from the minority in so far as the actual reasoning was
concerned.

68 In brief summary, only the majority (comprising Lord Toulson (with whom
Lady Hale, Lord Kerr, Lord Wilson and Lord Hodge agreed)) adopted a balancing
exercise (based on a broad “range of factors” approach). The minority, on the
other hand (comprising Lord Mance, Lord Clarke and Lord Sumption), adopted a
rule-based approach largely in line with the traditional framework that
precludes any recovery under an illegal contract (although they took an
expansive view of the availability of restitutionary recovery). In our
respectful view, whilst Lord Neuberger purported to adopt the view of the
majority, his reasoning is best seen as straddling both that of the majority
as well as the minority. In this section, we will examine the decision in
Patel before we assess its impact (if any) on the present legal position in
Singapore in the next part of our judgment.

(1) Preliminary points on the decision

69 Before we delve into the decision, it might be helpful to highlight a few
points that have a bearing on the impact (if any) Patel may have on the
development of the Singapore law of illegality and public policy.

70 The first preliminary point is that Patel did not purport to pronounce on
the legal position in so far as statutory illegality is concerned. Presumably,
therefore, the balancing exercise (via a “range of factors” approach) would
not apply in the context of statutory illegality. We would only note
parenthetically at this point that this results in a rather anomalous
situation since, ex hypothesi, if a contract is prohibited, then it ought not,
in principle, to matter whether that prohibition is by way of statute or the
common law.

71 The second preliminary point is that, on a closer examination of the facts
of Patel itself, it could be argued that the case was not really about the
prohibition of a contract as such. As we shall see, Patel centred on the legal
status of an agreement that amounted to a conspiracy to commit an offence of
insider dealing under s 52 of the Criminal Justice Act 1993 (c 36) (UK).
However, s 63(2) of the same Act had provided that: “No contract shall be void
or unenforceable by reason only of section 52.” [emphasis added] (cited in
Patel at [267]). If so, then the fact situation in Patel could be said to be
analogous to that of Ting Siew May inasmuch as both cases concern a situation
in which, notwithstanding the fact that there had been illegal conduct, the
contract between the relevant parties had not been prohibited (see [34]
above). Having said that, it is clear that this was not a point taken up in
the case of Patel itself. Thus, the court in Patel was concerned, not with the
enforcement of the relevant contract or the question of whether it was
prohibited, but with whether there could be restitution of the benefits
conferred thereunder.

72 This leads us to the third preliminary point. The relevant cause of action
which was the focus of the court in Patel was the plaintiff’s claim premised
on unjust enrichment. The observations in that decision on the application of
the doctrine of illegality to such a claim are therefore directly relevant to
the issue which is before us in the present case – namely the scope, and
limits, of restitutionary recovery of the benefits conferred under an illegal
contract through an independent cause of action in unjust enrichment.

73 With these preliminary points in mind, let us now turn to the actual
decision in Patel before assessing its impact (if any) on the current
Singapore position.

(2) The decision in Patel

(A) The facts and context

74 The circumstances immediately leading up to the case are worth noting.
Prior to Patel, the traditional rule-based approach set out above had already
been under immense scrutiny in the UK as a result of a series of three UK
Supreme Court decisions: Hounga v Allen and another [2014] 1 WLR 2889
(“Hounga”), Les Laboratoires Servier and another v Apotex Inc and others
[2014] 3 WLR 1257 (“Apotex Inc”) and Bilta (UK) Ltd (in liquidation) and
others v Nazir and others (No 2) [2015] 2 WLR 1168 (“Bilta”). None of these
cases involved a claim arising from an illegal contract. Hounga concerned a
claim for the statutory tort of discrimination committed in the course of a
dismissal. Apotex Inc dealt with a claim to enforce a cross-undertaking in
damages given as a condition of an interlocutory injunction in the context of
unsuccessful proceedings for patent infringement. And Bilta involved a
company’s claim against its directors for fraudulent trading. But these cases,
along with earlier UK House of Lords authorities such as Gray v Thames Trains
Ltd and another [2009] 1 AC 1339 and Stone & Rolls Ltd (in liquidation) v
Moore Stephens (a firm) [2009] 1 AC 1391, brought to the fore what Lord
Toulson described in Patel at [81] as “a sharp division of opinion about the
proper approach to the defence of illegality between, on the one hand, a
strictly rule-based approach and, on the other hand, a more flexible approach
by which the court would look at the policies underlying the doctrine and
decide whether they militated in favour of the defence, taking into account a
range of potentially relevant factors” (see Patel at [72]–[81]).

75 It is in this context that the case of Patel came to the English courts.
The plaintiff, Mr Patel, transferred sums totalling £620,000 to the defendant,
Mr Mirza, for the purpose of betting on the price of Royal Bank of Scotland
(“RBS”) shares, using advance insider information which Mr Mirza expected to
obtain from RBS contacts regarding an anticipated government announcement
which would affect the price of the shares. However, Mr Mirza’s expectation of
a government announcement proved to be mistaken and, hence, the intended
betting did not take place. Nevertheless, Mr Mirza failed to repay the money
which Mr Patel had transferred to him, despite promises to do so. Mr Patel
therefore brought a claim against Mr Mirza to recover these sums on the
grounds of contract and unjust enrichment. The issue of illegality arose
because the agreement between Mr Patel and Mr Mirza amounted to a conspiracy
to commit an offence of insider trading under s 52 of the Criminal Justice Act
1993.

(B) Decision of the English High Court and Court of Appeal

76 At first instance, the English High Court applied the reliance principle
based on Tinsley and denied recovery because Mr Patel had to rely upon his own
illegality to establish his claim. The locus poenitentiae doctrine was
considered but held not to apply because in the court’s view, Mr Patel never
himself withdrew from the illegal enterprise, nor did he do so voluntarily.

77 The English Court of Appeal reversed the High Court. The majority of the
Court of Appeal agreed with the High Court on the reliance principle, but
disagreed with its application of the locus poenitentiae doctrine. They found
that the doctrine applied as long as the scheme had not been executed and
there was no requirement for voluntary withdrawal.

78 Gloster LJ agreed with the majority on the outcome, but rejected the
proposition that the illegality doctrine applied whenever a claim involved
reliance on the plaintiff’s own illegality. Instead, she adopted a broader
approach and considered whether the policy underlying the rule which made the
contract illegal would be stultified by allowing the claim. She judged that
the policy underlying the offence of insider trading did not bar the return of
the money particularly as Mr Patel was not seeking to make a benefit from
wrongdoing. In the alternative, if the reliance principle did apply, Gloster
LJ’s assessment was that it was not necessary for Mr Patel to rely upon his
own illegality to establish his claim. In particular, Mr Patel did not need to
establish that the intended betting on RBS shares was to be done with the
benefit of insider information to make out his claim; it would have been
enough for him to establish that the funds had been paid for the purpose of a
speculation on the price of the shares which never took place.

79 The appeal to the UK Supreme Court was unanimously dismissed. However,
although both the majority and minority agreed on the actual result, they
arrived at it through quite different reasoning.

(C) The majority

(I) Lord Toulson (With whom Lady Hale, Lord Kerr, Lord Wilson and Lord Hodge
agreed)

80 The majority judgment was delivered by Lord Toulson (with whom Lady Hale,
Lord Kerr, Lord Wilson and Lord Hodge agreed). After furnishing an excellent
introduction and historical background to the law relating to contractual
illegality, the learned judge focussed on the difficulties with the
traditional approach, in particular the problems with the reliance principle
laid down in Tinsley. He then proceeded to give an equally excellent as well
as scholarly comparative account of the law in this particular sphere of the
law of contract, focussing on the law in Australia, Canada and the USA. Lord
Toulson also referred to the English Law Commission’s proposals on law reform
and the jurisprudential developments in the UK since those proposals.

81 After the above review of the illegality doctrine, Lord Toulson relied on
the decision of McLachlin J (as she then was) in the Canadian Supreme Court
decision of Hall v Hebert [1993] 2 SCR 159 (“Hall v Herbert”) to identify the
relevant question as follows (at [100]):

[W]hether allowing recovery for something which was illegal would produce
inconsistency and disharmony in the law, and so cause damage to the integrity
of the legal system.

82 He held that this was not a matter which could be determined
mechanistically. Instead, he stated as follows (at [101]):

… [One] cannot judge whether allowing a claim which is in some way tainted by
illegality would be contrary to the public interest, because it would be
harmful to the integrity of the legal system, without (a) considering the
underlying purpose of the prohibition which has been transgressed, (b)
considering conversely any other relevant public policies which may be
rendered ineffective or less effective by denial of the claim, and (c) keeping
in mind the possibility of overkill unless the law is applied with a due sense
of proportionality. We are, after all, in the area of public policy. …
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

83 On the third issue of disproportionality, Lord Toulson stated that various
factors may be relevant and referred to the following non-exhaustive “range of
factors” identified by Prof Andrew Burrows in his Restatement of the English
Law of Contract (Oxford University Press, 2016) (at [93]):

(a) how seriously illegal or contrary to public policy the conduct was;

(b) whether the party seeking enforcement knew of, or intended, the conduct;

(c) how central to the contract or its performance the conduct was;

(d) how serious a sanction the denial of enforcement is for the party seeking
enforcement;

(e) whether denying enforcement will further the purpose of the rule which the
conduct has infringed;

(f) whether denying enforcement will act as a deterrent to conduct that is
illegal or contrary to public policy;

(g) whether denying enforcement will ensure that the party seeking enforcement
does not profit from the conduct;

(h) whether denying enforcement will avoid inconsistency in the law thereby
maintaining the integrity of the legal system.

84 It is crucial to note, however, that Lord Toulson made clear that this
discretionary approach only applied to common law illegality as “[t]he courts
must obviously abide by the terms of any statute” [emphasis added in bold
italics] (at [109]).

85 In addition, the following important rulings of law were made by Lord
Toulson:

(a) He agreed with the criticisms of the reliance rule as laid down in
Bowmakers and Tinsley and held that it should no longer be followed (at
[110]).

(b) Consequently, he ruled that unless a statute provides otherwise (expressly
or by necessary implication), property can pass under a transaction which is
illegal as a contract. There may be circumstances in which a court will refuse
to lend its assistance to an owner to enforce his title as, for example, where
to do so would be to assist the claimant in a drug trafficking operation, but
the outcome should not depend on a procedural question (at [110]).

(c) The traditional avenues of restitutionary recovery, particularly the locus
poenitentiae doctrine, did not need to be considered because a person who
satisfies the ordinary requirements of a claim in unjust enrichment will not
prima facie be debarred from recovering money paid or property transferred by
reason of the fact that the consideration which has failed was an unlawful
consideration. It was accepted that that there may be a particular reason for
the court to refuse its assistance to the plaintiff, applying the policy-based
reasoning set out above (at [82]), just as there may be a particular reason
for the court to refuse to assist an owner to enforce his title to property,
but such cases are likely to be rare. In this regard, Lord Toulson expressly
referred to the obiter dicta by Heath J in Tappenden v Randall (1801) 2 Bos &
Pul 467 (“Tappenden”) at 471, that there might be “cases where the contract
may be of a nature too grossly immoral for the court to enter into any
discussion of it; as where one man has paid money by way of hire to another to
murder a third person” (at [116]).

86 On the facts, Lord Toulson agreed with the reasoning of Gloster LJ in the
Court of Appeal. She had “correctly asked herself whether the policy
underlying the rule which made the contract between Mr Patel and Mr Mirza
illegal would be stultified if Mr Patel’s claim in unjust enrichment were
allowed” [emphasis added] (at [115]). The policy underlying the relevant
statutory provisions on insider trading did not require Mr Patel to forfeit
the monies paid to Mr Mirza, as the monies were never used for the purpose for
which they were paid and Mr Patel was seeking to unwind the arrangement, not
profit from it.

(II) Lord Kerr

87 Lord Kerr delivered a concurring judgment in which he described Lord
Toulson’s analysis as “a structured approach to a hitherto intractable
problem” (at [123]). He criticised the rule-based approach for failing to
deliver on its principal virtues of ease of application and predictability of
outcome, pointing to the fact that the English Court of Appeal had been unable
to agree whether Mr Patel had to rely on the illegality to establish his claim
(at [134]). In addition, he pointed out that certainty and predictability of
outcome are not necessarily virtues to which parties who had engaged in
disreputable conduct can claim automatic entitlement (at [137]).

88 Lord Kerr also considered and rejected the approach of the minority, which
we will turn to shortly, that the case could be dealt with in a
straightforward manner by treating it as one of unjust enrichment where the
parties would simply be returned “to the status quo ante where they should
always have been” (at [128], quoting Lord Sumption). He saw the minority’s
approach as “a much more adventitious and less satisfactory route to the
proper disposal of the case than that represented by a rounded assessment of
the various public policy considerations at stake”.

89 Finally, it is worth noting that both Lord Toulson and Lord Kerr’s
judgments were premised on the assumption that the approach which the majority
laid down was to apply not just to the contractual context, but “in whatever
context it arises” (per Lord Kerr at [142]) and “to civil claims of all sorts,
whether relating to contract, property, tort or unjust enrichment, and in a
wide variety of circumstances” [emphasis added] (per Lord Toulson at [2]).

(D) Lord Neuberger

90 In our respectful view, and as we suggested earlier, Lord Neuberger’s
judgment straddled both that of the majority and the minority. Our summary of
his decision will reveal why we are of this view.

91 Lord Neuberger’s judgment centred around what he termed “the Rule” (at
[145]–[146]):

[In] a claim for the return of money paid by the claimant to the defendant
pursuant to a contract to carry out an illegal activity, and the illegal
activity is not in the event proceeded with owing to matters beyond the
control of either party… the general rule should in my view be that the
claimant is entitled to the return of the money which he has paid.

92 Lord Neuberger held that this general rule that the plaintiff should be
entitled to restitutionary relief where the illegal activity is not proceeded
with applied regardless of whether the claim was in common law or equity (at
[152]). It also did not depend on whether the plaintiff had “repented” (at
[156]). Further, he could see no good reason for not extending the Rule to
partly or even wholly performed contracts where restitutio in integrum could
be achieved in practical terms (at [169]). In other words, Lord Neuberger’s
reasoning was based on a general principle of restitution as the prima facie
outcome in cases where the contract is found to be illegal.

93 The natural question which follows is what exceptions, if any, there are to
the Rule. Lord Neuberger mentioned several specific exceptions, including
cases where the defendant is in a class which is intended to be protected by
the criminal legislation involved and situations where he was unaware of the
facts which gave rise to the illegality (at [162]). But he accepted that there
could be other situations where the Rule should not be applied. In this
context, he adopted the policy-based “range of factors” approach suggested by
Lord Toulson, which provided “as reliable and helpful guidance as it is
possible to give in this difficult field” (at [174]).

94 Hence, it might appear that the approaches of the majority and Lord
Neuberger are materially identical. They both start with restitution as the
prima facie outcome subject to the policy-based “range of factors” analysis.
However, a closer examination of the judgments reveals that there are at least
two important differences between the analysis of the majority and that of
Lord Neuberger.

(a) First, it is clear that Lord Neuberger’s analysis only deals with the
question of when restitutionary relief should be granted where a contract has
been found to be illegal (ie, the second stage of the analysis as set out
above). The majority, by contrast, viewed the “range of factors” approach as
applying even at the first stage when a court considers whether a claim in
contract should be unenforceable due to illegality. Indeed, their view was
that the approach ought to apply to “civil claims of all sorts” (see [89]
above).

(b) Second, even though Lord Neuberger viewed the Rule as a prima facie
outcome, he surprisingly took the view that it should apply even in extreme
cases such as where “the claimant paid a sum to the defendant to commit a
crime, such as a murder or a robbery … irrespective of whether the defendant
had committed, or even attempted to commit, the crime” (at [176]). Lord
Toulson, on the other hand, cited the very same example of a contract to
commit a murder as one where even restitutionary relief would be denied
because of the grossly immoral nature of the contract (at [116]).

(E) The minority

(I) Introduction

95 The minority in Patel comprised three judges and three judgments (by Lord
Mance, Lord Clarke and Lord Sumption (with whom Lord Clarke also agreed)).
They adopted a rule-based analysis premised on “the reliance principle” and
the traditional position that there could be no recovery under an illegal
contract. This strict starting point, however, was qualified by the minority’s
view that there is a general right to restitution of money paid under an
illegal contract. Therefore, and this is a crucial point to be noted, even the
judgment of the minority represented a significant shift from the traditional
legal position as it involved a liberalisation of the availability of
restitutionary relief.

(II) Lord Mance

96 Lord Mance, like Lord Toulson, sought guidance from McLachlin J’s judgment
in Hall v Hebert. But he read the decision as calling for a limited approach
to the effect of illegality “without depriving claimants of the opportunity to
obtain damages for wrongs or to put themselves in the position in which they
should have been” (at [192]).

97 This led him to the principle of locus poenitentiae, which he construed as
a general principle of rescission that puts the parties “back in the position
that they should have been in … but for the entry into of the contract which
was or became affected and unenforceable by reason of the illegality” (at
[193]). He viewed this principle as having been unduly limited with time, and
held that there is “no reason why rescission should necessarily be restricted,
as it was even in [the] earlier authorities, by reference to a test of
execution or carrying out of the illegal purpose” (at [197]). He also did not
view an imbalance or lack of parity of delict between the parties as a bar to
rescission, though he accepted that, in accordance with general principle,
factors such as change of position could well preclude recovery (at [198]). In
his view (at [197]):

The logic of the principle is that the illegal transaction should be
disregarded, and the parties restored to the position in which they would have
been, had they never entered into it. If and to the extent that the rescission
on that basis remains possible, then prima facie it should be available.

98 Significantly, he commented on the scope of the reliance principle, and
held that the principle is only engaged “in so far as it is reliance in order
to profit from or otherwise enforce an illegal contract. Reliance in order to
restore the status quo is unobjectionable” (at [199]).

99 Finally, Lord Mance eloquently articulated why he could not accept the
“range of factors” approach that had been proposed by the majority (at [206]):

What is apparent is that this approach, would introduce not only a new era but
entirely novel dimensions into any issue of illegality. Courts would be
required to make a value judgment, by reference to a widely spread mélange of
ingredients, about the overall “merits” or strengths, in a highly unspecific
non-legal sense, of the respective claims of the public interest and of each
of the parties. But courts could only do so, by either allowing or disallowing
enforcement of the contract as between the two parties to it, unless they were
able (if and when this was possible) to adopt the yet further novelty,
pioneered by the majority of the Australian court in Nelson v Nelson [1995]
HCA 25, (1995) 184 CLR 538, of requiring the account to the public for any
profit unjustifiably made at the public expense, as a condition of obtaining
relief. [emphasis added]

(III) Lord Clarke

100 Lord Clarke’s judgment concurred with the reasoning of Lord Sumption
(which we come to later) and emphasised that the case turned on “the
application of orthodox principles of unjust enrichment, rescission and
restitutio in integrum” (at [210]). At the same time, he recognised that even
the reasoning of the minority did develop the law in two ways. First, it
expanded the scope of restitutionary relief by providing that such relief
should be available even when the contract is wholly performed as long as
restitutio in integrum can be achieved in practical terms. Second, the
minority recognised that some of the reasoning in Tinsley (in so far as it was
based on a formal or procedural application of the reliance principle) could
no longer stand (at [220]–[221]).

(IV) Lord Sumption (With whom Lord Clarke agreed)

101 Lord Sumption started out by endorsing the reliance test, which he defined
as “whether the person making the claim is obliged to rely in support of it on
an illegal act on his part” (at [234]). At first glance, this definition may
appear to be an endorsement of the procedural approach set down in Bowmakers
and Tinsley. However, Lord Sumption clarified that the reliance test does not
“depend on adventitious procedural matters, such as the rules of pleading, the
incidence of the burden of proof and the various equitable presumptions” (at
[237]).

102 He went on to consider the exceptions to the rule. First, he outlined the
traditional position on the not in pari delicto doctrine (at [241]–[244]).
Next, he turned to the question of whether and when illegality will bar a
restitutionary action for the recovery of money paid under an illegal
contract. On this point, he held that the same analysis should apply as in
other unjust enrichment cases where a contract is held to be void or otherwise
legally ineffective. In such cases, the ineffectiveness of the transaction
operates as a ground for restitution even if the contract had been partly
performed. He then held that the same reasoning should apply where the
contract is unenforceable for illegality (at [247]–[248]). There was thus a
general right to the restitution of money paid under an illegal contract.

103 Lord Sumption viewed this restitutionary right as falling outside the
scope of the reliance principle, properly understood. This was because
restitution does not give effect to the illegal transaction, but merely
recognises the ineffectiveness of the transaction and puts the parties in the
position in which they would have been if they had never entered into the
illegal transaction (at [250]).

104 In line with this analysis, Lord Sumption disapproved of the 20th century
cases on the locus poenitentiae doctrine which restricted the right of
restitution. He viewed these cases as placing an unnecessary moral gloss on a
principle that “depends simply on the right to restitution that in principle
follows from the legal ineffectiveness of the contract under or in
anticipation of which the money was paid” (at [252]).

105 Lord Sumption elaborated on the right to restitutionary relief as follows:

(a) Restitution should be available so long as mutual restitution of benefits
remains possible even if the contract had been executed. In most such cases,
the same facts will give rise to a defence of change of position (at [253]).

(b) The dicta in Tappenden that there may be some crimes so heinous that the
courts will decline to award restitution in any circumstances was rejected on
the basis that it was contrary to principle and difficult to apply. Hence,
Lord Sumption was of the view that recovery should be available even where
monies have been paid under, for instance, a contract to commit a murder. He
stressed, however, that the scenario was rather artificial since in a case
involving heinous crimes, both parties would be exposed to criminal
confiscation orders (at [254]).

(c) Reference was made to the principle that an order for restitution should
not be made if it would be functionally indistinguishable from an order for
enforcement, as in a case of an illegal loan or foreign exchange transaction.
It was accepted that the principle is sound, but no concluded view on the
point was expressed (at [255]).

106 Finally, Lord Sumption considered the approach of the majority. His
comprehensive response to the policy-based “range of factors” analysis at
[261]–[264] can be summarised as follows:

(a) The real issue is whether the “range of factors” identified by the
majority are to be regarded as: (i) part of the policy rationale of a legal
rule and the various exceptions to that rule; or (ii) matters to be taken into
account by a judge deciding in each case whether to apply the legal rule at
all. It would be wrong to transform the policy factors which have gone into
the development of the current rules into factors influencing an essentially
discretionary decision about whether those rules should be applied.

(b) The “range of factors” test loses sight of the reason why legal rights can
ever be defeated on account of their illegal factual basis. In particular, the
“range of factors” test largely devalues the principle of consistency. In
addition, extremes apart, it is difficult to reconcile with any kind of
principle the notion that there may be degrees of illegality. If the
application of the illegality principle is to depend on the court’s view of
how illegal the illegality was or how much it matters, there would appear to
be no principle whatever to guide the evaluation other than the judge’s gut
instinct.

(c) The “range of factors” test would result in substantial uncertainty due to
the incommensurate nature of the factors, which leaves a great deal to the
judges’ visceral reaction to particular facts. No one factor would ever be
decisive as a matter of law, only in some cases on their particular facts.
While certainty is not the only value, or even necessarily the most important,
the case was concerned with the law of contract, an area in which the value of
certainty is very great.

(d) Finally, the adoption of such a revolutionary change in hitherto accepted
legal principle is unnecessary to achieve substantial justice in the great
majority of cases. The unsatisfactory features of the illegality principle as
it has traditionally been understood have often been overstated. When the law
of illegality is looked at as a whole, it is apparent that although governed
by rules of law, a considerable measure of flexibility is inherent in those
rules. In particular, they are qualified by principled exceptions for: (i)
cases in which the parties to the illegal act are not on the same legal
footing; and (ii) cases in which an overriding statutory policy requires that
the claimant should have a remedy notwithstanding his participation in the
illegal act. Properly understood and applied, these exceptions substantially
mitigate the arbitrary injustices which the illegality principle would
otherwise produce. At the same time, the wider availability of restitutionary
remedies which will result from the present decision will do much to mitigate
the injustices which have hitherto resulted from the principle that the loss
should lie where it falls.

107 For the above reasons, Lord Sumption rejected the majority’s “range of
factors” test and concluded on the following forceful note (at [265]):

In my opinion, [the majority’s approach] is far too vague and potentially far
too wide to serve as the basis on which a person may be denied his legal
rights. It converts a legal principle into an exercise of judicial discretion,
in the process exhibiting all the vices of “complexity, uncertainty,
arbitrariness and lack of transparency” which Lord Toulson attributes to the
present law. I would not deny that in the past the law of illegality has been
a mess. The proper response of this court is not to leave the problem to case
by case evaluation by the lower courts by reference to a potentially unlimited
range of factors, but to address the problem by supplying a framework of
principle which accommodates legitimate concerns about the present law. We
would be doing no service to the coherent development of the law if we simply
substituted a new mess for the old one.

What is the impact of Patel on the present legal position in Singapore?

(1) Introduction

108 We now arrive at the question of how the law in Singapore should develop
following Patel. The decision has, unsurprisingly, generated – and continues
to generate – a wealth of academic commentary since its release (see, for
example, James Goudkamp, “The End of An Era? Illegality in Private Law in the
Supreme Court” (2017) 133 LQR 14 (“Goudkamp”); James C Fisher, “The Latest
Word on Illegality” [2016] LMCLQ 483 (“Fisher”); Nicholas Strauss, “The
Diminishing Power of the Defendant: Illegality After Patel v Mirza” [2016] RLR
145; Anthony Grabiner, “Illegality and Restitution Explained by the Supreme
Court” [2017] CLJ 19 (“Grabiner”); Ernest Lim, “Ex Turpi Causa: Reformation
not Revolution” (2017) 80 MLR 927; and Andrew Burrows, “Illegality after Patel
v Mirza” (2017) 70 CLP 55).

109 It might be appropriate to reiterate right at the outset that the present
position in Singapore on the law of contractual illegality and public policy
is embodied, in the main, in Ting Siew May (in accordance with the overview
set out above at [21]–[66]). This position has some overlap, as well as
dissimilarities, with both the views of the majority as well as that of the
minority in Patel.

110 The overlap with the majority arises from the recognition in Ting Siew May
that a discretionary balancing approach may be adopted to determine the
enforceability of a contract tainted by illegality, albeit only in the
residuary common law category where the contract is not prohibited, but had
been entered into with the object of committing an illegal act. In contrast,
the majority in Patel applied this balancing exercise to cover the entire
field of illegality – at least in so far as common law illegality is
concerned. As noted earlier, the balancing approach adopted in Ting Siew May
is also dissimilar as the court focused on the concept of proportionality,
whereas the majority in Patel adopted a more general “range of factors” test
(in which proportionality is just one factor to be considered).

111 We also note that even the approach of the majority in Patel is not an
unqualified one. In particular, Lord Toulson acknowledged that that approach
would apply only to common law illegality; in his words (at [109]; see, also,
at [110]):

The courts must obviously abide by the terms of any statute, but I conclude
that it is right for a court which is considering the application of the
common law doctrine of illegality to have regard to the policy factors
involved and to the nature and circumstances of the illegal conduct in
determining whether the public interest in preserving the integrity of the
justice system should result in denial of the relief claimed. I put it that
way rather than whether the contract should be regarded as tainted by
illegality, because the question is whether the relief claimed should be
granted. [emphasis added in italics, bold italics and underlined bold italics]

112 Hence, in our view, the current law in Singapore is more consistent with
the minority’s position in that if a contract has been prohibited pursuant to
either statute and/or common law, then no recovery whatsoever is permitted
under that contract (but cf Lord David Neuberger, “Some Thoughts on Principles
Governing the Law of Torts” (2016) 23 Torts LJ 89 at p 101). In line with the
position adopted by the minority, this strict approach at the first stage does
not necessarily mean that no recovery is permitted at all – as explained
above, benefits transferred by one contracting party to the other might
possibly be recovered on a restitutionary basis. Having said that, unlike the
view taken by the minority, there is presently no general right of
restitutionary recovery under Singapore law and the plaintiff must bring
himself within one or more of the categories described above (at [42]–[62]).

(2) Should the “range of factors” approach be adopted in Singapore as part of
the first stage?

113 From the preceding discussion, the first question which arises before us
is whether, given the above differences between the approach in Ting Siew May
and that of the majority in Patel, should we depart from the current position
and adopt the “range of factors” test as a part of Singapore law? If we decide
so, then the “range of factors” approach will displace the traditional rule
that no recovery is permitted under a contract which is held to be prohibited
at the first stage of the two-stage analysis which presently represents the
law in Singapore (see [22]–[25] and [39]–[40] above). We would respectfully
answer this question in the negative and hence retain the present approach as
embodied in Ting Siew May. Let us elaborate.

114 First (and returning to a point that was alluded to earlier), the approach
by the majority in Patel has, with respect, complicated the law by creating a
further and unprincipled distinction between the law applicable in a situation
of statutory illegality from that of common law illegality. The reason for the
distinction, on its face, appears straightforward enough inasmuch as a court
cannot legislate and is therefore bound by statute. This is why even the
majority in Patel acknowledged that the court must obviously abide by the
terms of any statute. If a particular provision of a statute prohibits
(whether expressly or by implication) a contract, then that is the end to the
matter and the court cannot (in the absence of legislative provision) proceed
to consider a range of factors in order to decide on a discretionary basis
whether it would permit recovery by one of the contracting parties after all.

115 With respect, why should the legal position not be the same,
notwithstanding the fact that a contract has been prohibited under the common
law? In our judgment, there ought, in principle, to be no difference in the
legal result and it is, with respect, no answer to state that the courts are
masters of the common law. That the courts are, in fact, masters of the common
law which they oversee as well as develop does not mean that they can (or
ought to) develop any particular branch of the common law (here, the law
relating to contractual illegality) arbitrarily – for that would be the very
antithesis of how the common law has developed throughout the centuries.
Indeed, the established categories of common law illegality are the legal
analogues of statutory provisions that either expressly or impliedly prohibit
contracts. Just as the courts will be astute not to prohibit a contract unless
the statutory provision concerned does so either expressly or there is a
“clear implication” or “necessary inference” that this is what the statute
intends, so also the categories of common law illegality will only be extended
on a very strict basis. Put simply, the doctrine of contractual illegality is
one which – whether under statute or at common law – will be very sparingly
invoked in the first place.

116 However, where it is clear that the contract concerned is prohibited under
an established head of common law public policy, then it would be a
contradiction in terms not to find that that contract is, as a consequence,
void and unenforceable. This is why even the English Law Commissioners in
Illegal Transactions (1999) expressly recommended that the courts should not
have a discretion to enforce contracts which are contrary to public policy.

117 As the English Law Commissioners noted in Illegal Transactions (1999) (at
para 7.13):

… The issue becomes more difficult where the contract is one which the court
has declared to be otherwise contrary to public policy. The difficulty is that
one cannot here separate the question as to whether the contract is contrary
to public policy from the idea of giving the courts a discretion to refuse to
enforce the contract as against the public interest. These are two sides of
the same coin. In deciding whether or not a contract is contrary to public
policy, the court is already effectively asking the question - would it be
against the public interest to enforce the contract? Put another way, there is
simply no scope for a discretion as regards enforceability which operates once
the court has decided that a contract is contrary to public policy. [emphasis
added in italics and bold italics]

118 In other words, to confer on the court a further discretion to permit
recovery pursuant to the prohibited contract would render the doctrine of
common law contractual illegality nugatory. On this point, we would also note
that if a particular court is of the view that a contract ought not to be
prohibited pursuant to the common law category in question, then perhaps the
appropriate way forward might, instead, be to reconsider that particular
category altogether. This might, for example, be the approach adopted toward
marriage brokage contracts (see Illegality and Public Policy in Singapore at
paras 13.095−13.096).

119 Could it not, however, be argued that what is conferred on the court is a
discretion that is remedial in nature – an argument that appears to be
supported by the very language utilised by Lord Toulson himself in Patel who
focussed (at [109]) on the question of “whether the relief claimed should be
granted” [emphasis added] (and see, to like effect, Lord Clarke’s observations
in the same case at [219])? This brings us to the second point, viz, the
argument in favour of remedial discretion. This argument is premised on the
unfairness which would result if contractual claims are dismissed even in
cases where the illegality is trivial, and the consequent need for the courts
to have a remedial discretion. In our judgment, however, the broad approach
adopted by the majority in Patel is unnecessary to achieve remedial justice in
the Singapore context. For one, the majority’s approach, with respect,
conflates, unnecessarily, the principle of illegality with the alternative
restitutionary remedies that might possibly follow thereafter. The possibility
of restitutionary recovery notwithstanding the prohibition of the contract
substantially mitigates the harshness of the traditional strict rule that any
contract that is prohibited would necessarily result in the contract concerned
being rendered void and unenforceable. More importantly, the argument that the
traditional rule-based approach results in injustice was substantially
addressed by this Court in Ting Siew May, in which we recognised that in the
general and broad category of common law illegality, namely contracts which
are not illegal per se but entered into with the object of committing an
illegal act – where the risk of such injustice is greatest – the courts should
apply the proportionality principle and reject the defence of illegality if to
disallow the claim on the ground of illegality would lead to a
disproportionate result (see [35]–[39] above).

120 To make good this point, we return (by way of illustration) to the actual
facts in Patel. This is a point which we briefly referred to earlier (at
[71]), and it is this – the facts in Patel were, in substance, analogous to
those in Ting Siew May. To elaborate, in both cases, the contract had not been
prohibited (either by statute or an established head of common law public
policy). Given the principles laid down in Ting Siew May, the process of
balancing various factors (which was applied by the majority in Patel) would
also have been available to a Singapore court had it been faced with the facts
in Patel (although we do not comment on whether the same result would have, in
fact, been arrived at given that the public policy considerations vis-à-vis
insider trading in the Singapore context may well be different). However, the
majority in Patel had a much broader scope of application for such a balancing
process, and envisaged that it would cover the entire field of common law
illegality. As we have sought to explain, such a wide or broad application of
the discretionary balancing process would not be principled; nor is it
necessary to achieve justice in the Singapore context. Put simply, if both
approaches are practically similar, why then introduce further uncertainty
through what appears to be, in the final analysis, an unnecessarily broad
balancing process? And this is where the argument of the minority in Patel
from consequent uncertainty would buttress the arguments that we have already
proffered. We pause to reiterate that, even in more general fact situations,
there may (as we have already noted) be possible restitutionary recovery,
albeit pursuant to the established avenues under the second stage of the
analysis.

121 We should add, however, that this is not to state that a broad balancing
approach along the lines suggested by the majority in Patel – that would apply
to all categories of illegality – is not possible. But such an approach would,
in our view, have to be introduced by the legislature. Indeed, there is
precedent for such a legislative initiative in New Zealand and is to be found
in the Illegal Contracts Act 1970 (No 129 of 1970) (NZ) (“the Illegal
Contracts Act 1970”). It should be noted that recommendations for such
legislative reform were made by the Law Reform Committee of the Singapore
Academy of Law, which suggested that the courts should be empowered to afford
relief in their discretion in respect of an illegal contract or trust, having
regard to all the circumstances (see Relief from Unenforceability of Illegal
Contracts and Trusts at para 8.3). There have also been similar proposals made
in other jurisdictions including England, British Columbia, Ontario and South
Australia (see, generally, Illegality and Public Policy in Singapore at paras
13.237−13.243; and Andrew B L Phang and Goh Yihan, Contract Law in Singapore
(Wolters Kluwer Law & Business, 2012) at pp 479−482). In this regard, we note
Prof James Goudkamp’s perceptive observation that the majority in Patel had
“in essence” given effect to the proposals which the English Law Commissioners
had advanced, but on which the UK Parliament had not acted upon (see Goudkamp
at pp 19−20). As the learned author points out, “[t]his is one of the most
controversial aspects of Patel” and that “[w]hile it is true that there may be
many reasons for legislative inaction … with the result that inaction does not
mean that Parliament disapproved of Law Commission’s proposals, it is striking
that the Supreme Court proceeded in the way it did in the circumstances”
[emphasis added] (see Goudkamp at p 20).

122 Furthermore, it is instructive to note under the Illegal Contracts Act
1970, the statutory discretion conferred upon the court in a remedial context
was not confined to common law illegality (which was, as noted above, the
effect of the approach of the majority in Patel) but, instead, to all forms of
contractual illegality (including both statutory as well as common law
illegality). This observation further supports the point made above that it
would be inappropriate to distinguish statutory illegality from common law
illegality. In addition, even in the legislative context, there has been some
critique of the Illegal Contracts Act 1970, principally on the basis that that
Act had introduced excessive vagueness and uncertainty (see, for example, M P
Furmston, “The Illegal Contracts Act 1970 – An English View” (1972−1973) 5 New
Zealand University Law Review 151; though cf New Zealand, Illegal Contracts:
Report of the Contracts and Commercial Law Reform Committee, (1969) at p 10).

123 That leads us to our third point, which is that, as the minority in Patel
has pointed out (and as has already been alluded to above), the approach of
the majority in that case engenders uncertainty. As Prof Goudkamp has argued,
rightly in our respectful view, this difficulty of uncertainty has not really
been dealt with by the majority in Patel (see Goudkamp at pp 17−18). We also
agree with the learned author’s criticism that “the policy-based test [by the
majority in Patel] … requires the courts to weigh incommensurable factors”
[emphasis added] (see Goudkamp at p 18; see also, generally, on this point,
Goudkamp at pp 18−19). This criticism is sound as the process of balancing
various factors advocated by the majority in Patel must, necessarily, involve
a significant measure of uncertainty not only because of the actual process of
balancing, which leaves much room for debate, but also because the list of
factors is itself an open one, with no single factor being determinative (as
Lord Toulson himself acknowledged in Patel at [107]). Whilst the Court in Ting
Siew May also adopted a balancing approach, the scope and ambit of uncertainty
is much reduced for two reasons. First, the approach is confined to only a
residuary area of common law illegality. Second, the balancing approach in
Ting Siew May is also anchored to the overarching principle of proportionality
which, by contrast with the novel policy-based “range of factors” test, is a
well-established legal principle that the courts regularly apply in other
areas. For instance, proportionality is a relevant consideration in the
assessment of damages in civil proceedings (see the decision of this Court in
Koh Sin Chong Freddie v Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and others and another appeal
[2013] 4 SLR 629 at [63]), the taxation of costs (see the decision of this
Court in Lim Jian Wei and another v Lim Eng Hock Peter [2011] 3 SLR 1052 at
[58]) and criminal sentencing (see the Singapore High Court decision of Teo
Kian Leong v Public Prosecutor [2002] 1 SLR(R) 386 at [8]), among other
contexts.

124 We acknowledge, in fairness, that uncertainty may also result in
borderline situations where it has to be decided whether a claim for
restitutionary recovery (for instance, through an independent cause of action
in unjust enrichment) ought to be disallowed due to the operation of
illegality and public policy as a possible defence – an issue which is, as we
shall see, at the heart of this particular appeal. However, while such
uncertainty cannot be wholly eliminated, we do not see any justification for
introducing further uncertainty into our law by adopting the wide “range of
factors” approach which would leave “a great deal to the judges’ visceral
reaction to particular facts” as Lord Sumption noted in Patel (at [263]). As
the learned judge also observed, such uncertainty is particularly problematic
in the field of contract law, which is an area that demands certainty.

125 To summarise the present part of this judgment, whilst the decision in
Patel does furnish much legal food for thought, there are, with respect,
difficulties with the approach adopted by the majority. While it may well be
the case that, in practice there will be little difference between the
approach of the majority in Patel and that of this Court in Ting Siew May (at
least where similar fact situations are concerned), the majority in Patel
have, with respect, introduced further uncertainty into the analytical process
by superimposing an additional inquiry based on a “range of factors” test
across the board to all situations of common law illegality. We find such an
approach to be undesirable as it creates an unprincipled distinction between
the principles which apply to statutory illegality and those which govern
common law illegality. It is also unnecessary to achieve remedial justice in
the Singapore context given the flexibility of the principles laid down in
Ting Siew May, which would (if relevant) also allow restitutionary recovery at
the second stage of the inquiry. We hence do not accept the broader approach
based on a “range of factors” set out by the majority in Patel and the present
law on the question of whether the contract is prohibited which arises at the
first stage of the inquiry remains unchanged.

(3) An independent cause of action in unjust enrichment – the claim and its
limits at the second stage

126 Given our endorsement of the approach in Ting Siew May, it is clear that
the two-stage approach towards the doctrine of illegality in contract
continues to be good law in Singapore. However, this is not the end to the
matter, for there arise further issues concerning the second stage of the
analysis. In particular, we have to identify the principles governing
restitutionary recovery through an independent claim in unjust enrichment, as
well as the limits of such a claim.

(A) The reliance principle

127 At this particular juncture, it might be appropriate to clarify a point
which stems from the terminology utilised towards the end of Ting Siew May (at
[125]−[131]) – in particular, the section towards the end of the judgment
under the heading “The reliance principle” (set out at [131] below). After
all, the dissatisfaction with the reliance principle, as applied in the cases
of Bowmakers and Tinsley, was one of the main factors which led the majority
of the UK Supreme Court in Patel, as well as numerous commentators, to eschew
the traditional rule-based approach in favour of a broad discretionary
framework.

128 In our view, much of the confusion in this area can be avoided if it is
recognised that there are, in fact, two different conceptions of “reliance”
which must be disengaged. First, there is reliance in the procedural or formal
sense, as applied in the cases of Bowmakers and Tinsley, which is triggered
whenever the plaintiff has to assert, whether by way of pleading or evidence,
the illegal acts and therefore (literally) rely on the illegal contract. This
is a wholly separate and looser concept of “reliance” from the distinct
conception of the reliance principle as a normative or substantive principle
which is only engaged when a plaintiff seeks to enforce, and thereby profit
from, the illegal contract through his claim. Such a claim is legally
impermissible, in our judgment, because it offends the fundamental principle
that that there can be no recovery under a contract that is prohibited on the
basis of illegality.

129 However, when the plaintiff “relies” on an independent cause of action in
order to successfully establish a restitutionary claim, such “reliance” is
inoffensive from a normative point of view, even if it could be said that the
plaintiff needs to “rely” on his illegal conduct (in a loose and indirect
sense). The claim does not offend the principle underlying the illegality
doctrine as restitution does not allow the plaintiff to profit from the
illegal contract but simply puts the parties in the position they would have
been if they had never entered into the illegal transaction. Indeed, as noted
earlier, (restitutionary) recovery through an independent cause of action is
the flipside of the “reliance principle” (in the normative sense) as it
involves a situation where the illegal contract is not being invoked or
“relied on” in any substantive legal manner.

130 When these two distinct conceptions of “reliance” are kept separate, it
becomes clear that, in Ting Siew May, the court was not referring to “the
reliance principle” in the procedural sense but, rather, the normative or
substantive concept of “reliance” in a situation where an independent cause of
action is being mounted in order to obtain restitution of benefits hitherto
transferred pursuant to an illegal contract.

131 We set out the relevant passage in Ting Siew May, as it bears careful
examination:

The reliance principle

125 Before concluding, we address Prof Tang’s attempt to rely upon the
“reliance principle” to buttress the Respondents’ case. Prof Tang argued that
the Respondents did not have to rely on the backdating of the Option to found
their claim against the Appellant in the sense that their claim did not depend
on them in fact pleading that the Option was backdated. In this regard, Prof
Tang agreed with the Judge’s interpretation of American Home Assurance Co v
Hong Lam Marine Pte Ltd [1999] 2 SLR(R) 992 (“Hong Lam Marine”) that if a
plaintiff’s cause of action is founded on the contract itself but the
plaintiff does not need to rely on the illegal act or purpose, the claim
should be allowed.

126 We did not hesitate to reject this argument. It should be noted that the
“reliance principle”, as traditionally understood, has a narrow ambit of
operation. It is usually invoked only by a contracting party seeking to
recover (on a restitutionary basis) what it had transferred to the other party
pursuant to the (illegal) contract. Even more importantly, such recovery has
been traditionally premised upon an independent cause of action – thereby
avoiding the need to rely upon the (illegal) contract (see generally
Illegality and Public Policy ([24] supra) at paras 13.137–13.154). It is clear
that this was not the situation in the present appeal, based on the facts and
submissions.

127 Further, the reliance principle is not merely literal or descriptive in
nature; it is a legal principle necessarily embodying normative elements. The
question therefore is not whether the illegality (in this case, the backdating
of the Option) had to be specifically pleaded by the Respondents, but whether
the Respondents were endeavouring to enforce an illegal contract. Since we
have already found that refusal to enforce the Option would be a proportionate
response to the illegality in the present case (taking into account the
various factors outlined above (at [70])), and there is no cause of action
other than one based on contract (ie, based on the Option), there is no room
for any argument based on the “reliance principle”. Put simply, in so far as
the category of contracts entered into with an illegal or unlawful object is
concerned, once the court has concluded that it is contrary to public policy
at common law to uphold such a contract, it is no longer relevant whether or
not a party needs to “rely” on the illegality in its plea.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

132 From the above passage, it is clear that the Court in Ting Siew May was
unequivocal in rejecting the application of the principle as a procedural test
that is “merely literal or descriptive in nature”. Instead, the Court
emphasised that the principle has a narrow ambit of operation and is a
normative legal principle that may be invoked as a basis for obtaining
restitutionary relief through an independent cause of action (thereby avoiding
the need to “rely on” the illegal contract in a substantive sense). It does
not allow a plaintiff to enforce an illegal contract (even if he can avoid
having to literally “rely on” the illegal act or purpose in establishing his
contractual claim). In fact, a close perusal of the judgment in Ting Siew May
will demonstrate that the court was, indeed, endorsing the traditional
position under English law that there can be no recovery under a contract
prohibited on the basis of illegality (see [22]–[25] and [39]–[40] above).
This is exemplified by the focus in Ting Siew May on whether the contract (as
opposed to the conduct) was prohibited. And if so, it was clear that there
could be no recovery whatsoever pursuant to the illegal contract. And it is
only if the contract was not prohibited per se, but entered into with the
object of committing an illegal act that the proportionality principle
applies.

133 We should also observe that Lord Mance adopted a related analysis of
“reliance” in Patel; in his view (at [199]):

[R]eliance on illegality remains significant as a bar to relief, but only in
so far as it is reliance in order to profit from or otherwise enforce an
illegal contract. Reliance in order to restore the status quo is
unobjectionable. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

134 We also derive assistance from Lord Sumption’s analysis in Patel of what
the reliance test under English law entails. Drawing from Lord Mansfield’s
famous formulation of the illegality principle in Holman v Johnson (set out at
[23] above), the learned judge set out what he perceived to be “[t]he
underlying principle”, which “is that for reasons of consistency the court
will not give effect, at the suit of a person who committed an illegal act (or
someone claiming through him), to a right derived from that act” (see Patel at
[233]; emphasis added). He emphasised that the application of the principle
does not “depend on adventitious procedural matters, such as the rules of
pleading, the incidence of the burden of proof and the various equitable
presumptions” (at [237]).

135 In addition, Lord Sumption stressed that a restitutionary claim in unjust
enrichment would not fall within the scope of this principle. In this regard,
he observed thus at [250]:

Of course, in order to demonstrate that the basis for the payment had failed,
Mr Patel must say what that basis was, which would necessarily disclose its
illegality. In my opinion, the reason why the law should nevertheless allow
restitution in such a case is that it does not offend the principle applicable
to illegal contracts. That principle, as I have suggested above, is that the
courts will not give effect to an illegal transaction or to a right derived
from it. But restitution does not do that. It merely recognises the
ineffectiveness of the transaction and gives effect to the ordinary legal
consequences of that state of affairs. The effect is to put the parties in the
position in which they would have been if they had never entered into the
illegal transaction, which in the eyes of the law is the position which they
should always have been in. [emphasis added in italics, bold italics and
underlined bold italics]

136 And, at [268], Lord Sumption stated as follows:

However, restitution still being possible, none of this is a bar to Mr Patel’s
recovery of the £620,000 which he paid to Mr Mirza. The reason is simply that
although Mr Patel would have to rely on the illegal character of the
transaction in order to demonstrate that there was no legal basis for the
payment, an order for restitution would not give effect to the illegal act or
to any right derived from it. It would simply return the parties to the status
quo ante where they should always have been. The only ground on which that
could be objectionable is that the court should not sully itself by attending
to illegal acts at all, and that has not for many years been regarded as a
reputable foundation for the law of illegality. This was Gloster LJ’s main
reason for upholding Mr Patel’s right to recover the money. Although my
analysis differs in a number of respects from hers, I think that the
distinction which she drew between a claim to give effect to a right derived
from an illegal act, and a claim to unpick the transaction by an award of
restitution, was sound. [emphasis in italics]

137 We note that Lord Sumption’s observations are, in fact, directly on point
in so far as the independent cause of action in the present appeal is premised
on the law of unjust enrichment. In this context, we agree with the
observations of Lord Mance and Lord Sumption in Patel, which coheres with the
analysis of this Court in Ting Siew May, that the reliance principle, properly
understood as a normative or substantive principle, is only engaged when a
plaintiff seeks to directly enforce and profit from an illegal contract, and
is not offended when restitutionary recovery is sought through an independent
claim in unjust enrichment.

138 Accordingly, it also follows that the obiter dicta in Top Ten
Entertainment (referred to at [61] above) that the principle established in
Tinsley would preclude a claim in unjust enrichment for the recovery of monies
paid under an illegal contract if the plaintiff has to “rely on” the illegal
contract to establish his claim (in a procedural or literal sense) should not
be followed.

(B) Establishing the claim in unjust enrichment

139 The next question which arises is how a plaintiff can establish the cause
of action in unjust enrichment in the context of contractual illegality. Here
we reiterate that the claim will not be barred simply because the plaintiff
needs to “rely on” his illegality in a formal or procedural manner as the
reliance principle, properly understood in the normative or substantive sense,
is only engaged if the plaintiff seeks to enforce or profit from the illegal
and prohibited contract. Hence, in our judgment, restitutionary recovery of
benefits conferred under an illegal contract would, in principle, be available
where the ordinary requirements of a claim in unjust enrichment are made out
notwithstanding the illegality of the underlying contract. This is, however,
subject to the defence of illegality and public policy in unjust enrichment,
which we will consider shortly.

140 What will be the “unjust factor” in such cases? In our judgment, the
answer would depend on the facts of each case. For instance, in circumstances
which would traditionally fall within the not in pari delicto doctrine because
the plaintiff’s consent was somehow impaired due to mistake or duress, these
same considerations would operate as unjust factors and allow the plaintiff to
satisfy the ordinary requirements of a claim in unjust enrichment, thereby
creating a (limited) overlap between these doctrines (see [170] below). In
other cases, where the illegal transaction is not executed, there will usually
be what is called a “failure of consideration” due to the failure of the
promised counter-performance. We note in passing that this phrase may be
confusing to the uninitiated. As we recently observed, “consideration” here
should not be confused with “consideration” in the contractual sense; the
latter refers to the counter-promise itself, whereas the former usually refers
to its performance (see the decision of this Court in Benzline Auto Pte Ltd v
Supercars Lorinser Pte Ltd and another [2018] SGCA 2 (“Benzline”) at [49]).
Some commentators and courts prefer to use the term “failure of basis”
instead. While there is nothing wrong with that nomenclature, we will continue
to use the term “failure of consideration” in this judgment because, first, it
has attained the status of a term of art among the initiated, and second,
although the phrase “failure of basis” avoids one possible source of
confusion, it creates another in that it bears a superficial resemblance to
Prof Peter Birks’s later, conceptually distinct notion of “absence of basis”
(a controversial topic which we need not discuss  
here).

141 The identification of the unjust factor, however, is trickier in cases
where the contract is fully or partially executed. Lord Sumption held in Patel
that the unjust factor in such cases, and indeed in all cases where the
contract is found to be void and unenforceable, will be the total failure of
consideration following from the legal ineffectiveness of the contract under
or in anticipation of which the benefit was conferred (at [252]). He relied on
the English High Court’s decision in Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale v
Islington London Borough Council [1994] 4 All ER 890 (approved (obiter) on
appeal to the House of Lords [1996] AC 669 at 714 (per Lord Browne-Wilkinson))
and the English Court of Appeal case of Guinness Mahon & Co Ltd v Kensington
and Chelsea Royal London Borough Council [1999] QB 215 for the proposition
that “[a]s a general rule, benefits transferred under a contract which is void
or otherwise legally ineffective are recoverable” [emphasis added] (at [247]).
We stress that this proposition, and the authorities which Lord Sumption cited
in support of it, are not uncontroversial. Prominent commentators, such as
Prof Burrows, have argued that it cannot be said that there is always a total
failure of consideration when a contract is void. The criticism is that that
such a principle contravenes the commonly-held view, which we earlier
mentioned, that failure of consideration relates to the failure of a counter-
performance rather than of the counter-promise itself (see, also, Andrew
Burrows, The Law of Restitution (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2011)
(“Burrows’s Law of Restitution”) at pp 320 and 385–386). There is no need for
us to resolve this debate in this case, but it suffices to (tentatively) note
that there is no reason why, in some cases at least, the condition for which
payment is made cannot be, not only counter-performance, but also the creation
or transfer of a right (see Frederick Wilmot-Smith, “Reconsidering ‘Total’
Failure” [2013] CLJ 414 at pp 433–434; Goff & Jones (C Mitchell, P Mitchell
and S Watterson, Goff & Jones: The Law of Unjust Enrichment (London: Sweet &
Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2016 (“Goff & Jones 2016”) at paras 13-19–13-37; see, also,
Benzline at [52], where it was noted that a transfer may have more than one
basis). Ex hypothesi, there will be a total failure of consideration if the
plaintiff fails to obtain this right due to the illegality of the contract. In
any event, the determination of this controversy is only likely to matter in
rare situations, as Prof Burrows himself accepts (see Burrows’s Law of
Restitution at p 386). Hence, we will leave this issue open for now.

142 The normal defences to an unjust enrichment claim, particularly change of
position, would also be available to the defendant in this context. This is
both principled and in line with the views of the judges in Patel who
considered the issue (per Lord Neuberger at [162]; per Lord Mance at [198];
and per Lord Sumption at [253]). The recognition of this defence would ensure
that the defendant is not unduly prejudiced when he alters his position in
good faith.

(C) Illegality as a defence to the claim in unjust enrichment

143 The next, and important, issue that impacts the present case directly is
whether there is any possible defence premised on illegality and public policy
that might prevent recovery pursuant to a claim in unjust enrichment. The
broader (and more general) issue that goes beyond the present case is this: to
what extent is restitutionary recovery pursuant to various independent causes
of action (whether in tort, the law of trusts or unjust enrichment) precluded
by illegality and public policy? It is of the first importance, at this
particular juncture, to emphasise that what we are concerned with here is not
the doctrine of illegality and public policy in a contractual sense (ie, the
principles of statutory and common law illegality which apply at the first
stage of the analysis) but, rather, the concept of illegality and public
policy as a defence in the context of a claim in unjust enrichment – both
concepts are separate and distinct.

144 From Patel, there emerge two possible ways to view the impact of
illegality on a claim in unjust enrichment. First, there is the strict view of
Lord Sumption that restitutionary relief should always be available, even in
cases of heinous criminality. Second, there is the view, adopted by the
majority and Lord Neuberger that a discretionary “range of factors” test
should be applied to determine when restitutionary recovery should be denied
on the basis of illegality, albeit with recovery as the prima facie starting
point.

145 In our judgment, neither of these approaches is entirely satisfactory.
Instead, taking reference from the seminal article on this issue by Prof Birks
(“Recovering Value Transferred Under an Illegal Contract” (2000) 1 Theoretical
Inquiries in Law 155 (“Birks”)), we endorse the principle of stultification,
which would preclude allowing a claim in unjust enrichment if to do so would
undermine the fundamental policy that rendered the underlying contract void
and unenforceable in the first place.

146 We first consider the rigid view that restitutionary relief should always
be available even in extreme cases such as a claim involving a contract to
commit a murder. This approach has little to commend it. As Lord Grabiner QC
has written, “it is difficult to think of a more offensive or objectionable
outcome in the procedural guise of a claim in restitution” than to allow a
plaintiff to recover monies in such a scenario (see Grabiner at p 20). The
example may be extreme and artificial, but it highlights the important point
of principle that, even in the context of restitutionary relief, there will be
cases where to allow the claim in unjust enrichment would bring the court into
disrepute and undermine the integrity of the law. Second, the “range of
factors” test as a defence to a claim in unjust enrichment is also
unsatisfactory for the same reasons noted earlier, namely, that it engenders
uncertainty by requiring the courts to weigh incommensurable factors from a
list that is itself an open one, with no overarching principle (see [123]
above). We also do not accept that there should be any prima facie starting
position that restitution for unjust enrichment should be available without
regard to the facts and context of the case, particularly the reason why the
underlying contract has been rendered unenforceable for illegality.

147 We find that the better approach, which has firm grounding in principle,
precedent, and theory, is to premise the defence of illegality and public
policy in unjust enrichment on the concept of stultification. As outlined in
Prof Birks’s influential article (see Birks at p 160):

“To stultify” is to “to make a fool of” or “to make nonsense of”. It is
important that the law as stated in one area should not make nonsense of the
law as stated in another.

Hence, the relevant question is as follows (see Birks at p 202):

[W]hether allowing the claim in unjust enrichment would make nonsense of the
law’s condemnation of the illegal contract in question and of its refusal to
enforce the illegal contract.

148 In our judgment, the principle of stultification is both logical as well
as commonsensical. Whether a claim in unjust enrichment ought to be allowed
notwithstanding the illegality of the underlying contract has to be determined
by reference to the reason why the contract is prohibited. The concept of
stultification is premised on this intuitive insight and furnishes a
principled basis upon which to ascertain when, in a situation where there
would otherwise be a valid claim in unjust enrichment, the court should
nevertheless not allow the claim on the basis of illegality. The court should
not allow the claim if to do so would undermine the fundamental policy, be it
statutory or of the common law, that rendered the contract in question void
and unenforceable in the first place. As Prof Birks perceptively points out,
to allow the claim in such a situation would be to make a mockery or nonsense
of the law that rendered the contract void and unenforceable to begin with. We
would hasten to add that we have added the word “fundamental” because there
could conceivably be situations where to permit recovery pursuant to a claim
in unjust enrichment might appear to the court to undermine some other policy,
which policy, however, was not central to the prohibition of the contract
concerned. Much will therefore depend on the precise policy considerations as
construed in their context.

149 The concept of stultification is not only principled, but also well-
supported by precedent as well as academic commentary. Prof Birks himself
extracted the principle from the decision of the House of Lords in Boissevain
v Weil [1950] 1 AC 327 (“Boissevain”). That case concerned a claim based on
total failure of consideration for the recovery of a loan which had been made
in violation of exchange control regulations under the Defence (Finance)
Regulations 1939 (UK). The claim was dismissed on the basis that it would
constitute an indirect enforcement of the illegal loan. In his oft-cited
judgment, Lord Radcliffe held at 341 as follows:

[I]f this claim based on unjust enrichment were a valid one, the court would
be enforcing on the respondent just the exchange and just the liability,
without her promise, which the Defence Regulation has said that she is not to
undertake by her promise. A court that extended a remedy in such circumstances
would merit rather to be blamed for stultifying the law than to be applauded
for extending it. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics].

150 Boissevain was later cited by the English Court of Appeal in Haugesund
Kommune and another v Depfa ACS Bank [2012] QB 549, where Aikens LJ observed
at [92] that:

There is no doubt that in English law a restitutionary claim for the return of
money may be defeated on grounds of public policy where, on the correct
construction of a statute or regulation, recovery in restitution would be
contrary to the objective of the statute.

151 Interestingly, in the important Canadian case of Hall v Herbert, McLachlin
J also used the language of stultification and cited Prof Ernest J Weinrib,
“Illegality as a Tort Defence” (1976) 26 UTLJ 28 for the principle that the
defence of illegality may properly be invoked to prevent the “stultification
of the criminal law” (at 177) (albeit in the context of a claim in tort).
Hence, it appears that the central idea of stultification as the basis of the
illegality defence was already a part of the common law before Prof Birks, in
his usual persuasive manner, contended that it should be applied to the cause
of action in unjust enrichment.

152 Returning to the context of unjust enrichment, the High Court of Australia
in Equuscorp Pty Ltd v Haxton [2012] HCA 7 (“Equuscorp”) cited Prof Birks’s
article (at [37]) and applied the stultification principle as a part of
Australian law (see, also, Elise Bant, “Illegality and the Revival of Unjust
Enrichment Law in Australia” (2012) 128 LQR 341 (“Bant”)). This case concerned
a claim to recover monies lent to the respondents as part of a failed
investment scheme. The loan agreements could not be enforced because they were
made in furtherance of an illegal purpose. In particular, they were contrary
to certain provisions of the Companies Code of the investors’ home states
which required a valid prospectus to be registered when the investors were
offered the opportunity to enter into the schemes.

153 A majority of the High Court (comprising French CJ, Crennan and Keifel JJ
in one judgment and Gummow and Bell JJ in another, with Heydon J dissenting)
held that the appellant’s claim to restitution was defeated on the ground of
illegality. Notably, the coram was unanimous in recognising that the relevant
question was whether permitting restitution would undermine or stultify the
policy or purpose of the law (per French CJ, Crennan and Keifel JJ at
[33]–[38]; per Gummow and Bell JJ at [103]; and per Heydon J at [117]). The
majority held that the claim for money had and received should be rejected
because it would allow the recovery of the loans even though the investors did
not have the benefit of the protections required by the relevant statutory
provisions, thereby stultifying the statutory purpose by the common law (at
[45]). As noted by Prof Bant, the High Court’s decision therefore “vindicates
the views of scholars who have argued that ‘illegality’ is best understood as
a compendious term for the principle that a plaintiff will be allowed or
denied recovery where otherwise the law’s prohibition on certain conduct would
be stultified” (see Bant at p 341).

154 In their majority judgment, French CJ, Crennan and Keifel JJ, besides
relying on Prof Birks’s article, also took reference from the American Third
Restatement on Restitution and Unjust Enrichment (A Kull, Restatement of the
Law, Third: Restitution and Unjust Enrichment (American Law Institute, 2011))
at §32(2) (at [38]):

The negative goal of avoiding self-stultification in the law may be expressed
positively as the objective of maintaining coherence in the law as discussed
by this court in Miller. That approach is consistent with the proposition in
the Third Restatement on Restitution and Unjust Enrichment that:

Restitution will also be allowed, as necessary to prevent unjust enrichment,
if the allowance of restitution will not defeat or frustrate the policy of the
underlying prohibition.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

In our view, the proposition in the American Third Restatement on Restitution
and Unjust Enrichment aptly captures the essence of the stultification
principle.

155 Finally, returning to the case of Patel, in her decision in the Court of
Appeal, Gloster LJ endorsed the stultification principle based on a passage in
the previous edition of Goff & Jones (C Mitchell, P Mitchell and S Watterson,
Goff & Jones: The Law of Unjust Enrichment (London: Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed,
2011 (“Goff & Jones 2011”) at para 35-36) (see Patel v Mirza [2015] Ch 271
(“Patel (CA)”) at [61]):

In an instructive passage in Goff & Jones under the heading “Underlying
Principles and Future Development” the editors write, at para 35-36:

“In the event that the courts take their lead from the tort cases to develop a
common law discretion to determine the effect of illegality on claims in
unjust enrichment, what principles should underpin this discretion? We
consider that the primary inquiry in any case where benefits have been
transferred under an illegal contract should be on the policy underlying the
rule that renders the contract illegal, and on the question whether this would
be stultified if a claim in unjust enrichment were allowed. …”

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

156 She then went on to find that Mr Patel’s claim for the recovery of the
money did not stultify the policy of s 52 of the Criminal Justice Act 1993.
The mischief at which s 52 was directed was the deliberate and improper
exploitation of unpublished price-sensitive information obtained from a
privileged source; but, in the circumstances, no such information had been
acquired and no such market abuse had taken place (see Patel (CA) at [67]).
This reasoning was endorsed by the majority of the UK Supreme Court in Patel,
and Lord Toulson held that Gloster LJ had “correctly asked herself whether the
policy underlying the rule which made the contract between Mr Patel and Mr
Mirza illegal would be stultified if Mr Patel’s claim in unjust enrichment
were allowed” (at [115]). In addition, we note that Prof Birks’s article and
the notion of “self-stultification” was expressly cited and approved by Lord
Kerr in his concurring judgment (at [141] and [142]). Therefore, although we
do not accept the broader “range of factors” test proposed by the majority in
Patel, the decision does support our ruling that the concept of stultification
should be adopted as the overarching principle underpinning the defence of
illegality in the law of unjust enrichment.

157 Turning to the relevant academic commentary on the stultification
principle, we have already noted the previous edition of Goff & Jones in which
the learned authors relied on Prof Birks’s work to advocate for the
proposition that restitutionary claims should be denied where they would
stultify the law. They described the analysis as “compelling” (see Goff &
Jones 2011 at para 35-37). Other commentators have also favoured the principle
of stultification (see, for instance, Duncan Sheehan, “Reconsidering the
Defence of Illegality in Unjust Enrichment” [2009] LMCLQ 319) and Prof Burrows
describes Prof Birks’s article and the idea of stultification as “influential”
(see Burrows’s Law of Restitution at p 600). The article and the principle of
“stultification” were also cited by the English Law Commissioners in The
Illegality Defence (2009) at para 4.7. This considerable traction which the
stultification principle has gathered is unsurprising given Prof Birks’s
influence in this area of law and, more importantly, the soundness of the
principle itself which, as we have noted, is both logical as well as
commonsensical.

158 Finally, we consider the argument, made by some commentators as well as
the court in Patel, that restitutionary recovery through a claim in unjust
enrichment should generally be allowed since it simply places the parties back
in the position in which they would have been if the illegal transaction had
not been entered into. In this regard, we refer to Goff & Jones 2016, where
the learned authors analyse and critique the UK Supreme Court’s decision in
Patel. They perceptively comment that, while the majority appeared to be of
the view that claims in unjust enrichment create less risk of stultification
than claims to enforce an illegal contract, matters “are not so simple” and
that “there is more room for argument than the Supreme Court acknowledged in
Patel, over the question whether awarding restitution will stultify the
purposes of a rule making the contract illegal” (see Goff & Jones 2016 at
paras 35-41–35-48). We entirely agree. As Prof Birks noted in his seminal
article, even where the restitutionary claim does not give the plaintiff
substantially the same performance as he would have had under the illegal
contract (which he termed the “identical yield argument”), there is still the
danger that the alternative claim may stultify the position taken by the law
in relation to the illegal contract. He identified at least two reasons why
this may be the case (see Birks at p 162):

[G]etting back money or property already transferred is likely to do one or
both of two things: (a) provide a lever which this and the class of all
similar plaintiffs can use for the purpose of getting the other to perform the
contract, and (b) stretch out a safety-net below all those minded either to
engage in similar illegality or to abstain from diligently inquiring whether
their proposed course of conduct does or does not run foul of it.

Prof Birks termed these the “lever argument” and the “safety-net argument”,
respectively, and we agree that these are relevant factors which the court
should take into account when determining if the principle of stultification
is engaged in a particular case. There will also be other relevant
considerations and, in each case, the court must carefully examine the
relevant policy, be it statutory or the common law, which rendered the
contract illegal before considering if that same policy would be undermined or
stultified if the claim in unjust enrichment were allowed.

159 To reiterate, where a plaintiff brings an independent claim in unjust
enrichment for the recovery of benefits conferred under an illegal and
prohibited contract, the question which the court has to answer is whether to
allow the claim would undermine the fundamental policy that rendered the
underlying contract void and unenforceable in the first place. If so, then
claim should be dismissed on the basis of the defence of illegality and public
policy in unjust enrichment.

(4) Remaining issues

160 Before concluding our analysis of the law, there are a few remaining
issues to consider. These issues do not strictly arise in the present case,
but we will make some tentative observations on them for future guidance.

(A) Other independent causes of action and the scope of the concept of
stultification

161 The first of the remaining issues is this: what is the scope of the
concept of stultification? It is, strictly speaking, not necessary for us to
render a definitive view in this appeal as the claim we are concerned with
here is based on unjust enrichment. However, we proffer some tentative views
on whether the concept of stultification might apply to other independent
causes of action in tort and the law of trusts premised on the plaintiff’s
property or title in situations where the underlying contract has been
prohibited.

162 As noted above at [51]–[59], there is much difficulty surrounding such
claims that are brought in tort or the law of trusts based on the plaintiff’s
property or title for the restitutionary recovery of the benefits conferred
under an illegal contract. Our views here are therefore tentative, although we
think that it would be useful to set out some preliminary views that could
constitute a point of departure for a definitive analysis when the issue comes
directly for decision in the future.

163 The principal difficulties arise from the procedural application of the
reliance principle in the cases of Bowmakers and Tinsley, which gives rise to
artificiality and possible arbitrariness, leaving the outcome of cases subject
to the accidents of pleading. As noted above at [58], this was the reason why
the High Court of Australia refused to follow Tinsley in Nelson.

164 In Nelson itself, the plaintiff furnished funds for the purchase of a
house. The house was, however, registered in the names of her son and daughter
as joint tenants so as to preserve her (the plaintiff’s) status as an
“eligible person” within the Defence Services Homes Act 1918 (Cth), which
entitled her to a subsidy for the purchase of property. To qualify as an
“eligible person”, she had to declare that she did not have any financial
interest in a house or dwelling other than the one for which the subsidy was
sought. But the plaintiff did in fact purchase another house in her own name.
When the relationship between the parties soured, the (first) house was sold,
and the plaintiff then brought the action in issue seeking a declaration that
both her son and her daughter held the balance of the proceeds of sale on
trust for her and an order that those proceeds be paid to her. The son joined
his mother as a plaintiff. The daughter, as defendant, cross-claimed for
relief, including a declaration that she possessed a beneficial interest in
the sale proceeds.

165 The High Court of Australia held that there was a presumption of
advancement, although a mother, and not a father, was involved. The court then
held that an illegal purpose had been demonstrated, but that the plaintiff
mother could nevertheless rebut the presumption of advancement to the
defendant daughter, thus refusing to follow the ruling on the point by the
House of Lords in Tinsley. The defendant was thus found to hold the proceeds
of sale on a resulting trust for her mother, but (and this was by a majority
ruling) on the condition that the latter repay any money owing to the
Commonwealth as a result of her actions pursuant to the illegal purpose. It is
indeed this focus on the condition that distinguishes the majority’s approach
in Nelson. Instead of applying the principle in Bowmakers, the majority in
Nelson focused, instead, on the adjustment of the remedy. This was a departure
from the conventional approach which would have resulted in an all-or-nothing
result (as typified by both the majority and the minority approaches in
Tinsley, for example). The majority in Nelson premised the condition and the
adjustment of the remedy by purporting to adopt an equitable approach. That
the courts may impose terms in an equitable context is not unusual: witness,
for example, Lord Denning MR’s approach in the context of common mistake in
equity in the English Court of Appeal decision in Solle v Butcher [1950] 1 KB
671 (it should, however, be noted, parenthetically, that English law no longer
recognises a doctrine of common mistake in equity (see the subsequent English
Court of Appeal decision of Great Peace Shipping Limited v Tsavliris
(International) Limited [2003] QB 679), although Singapore continues to
recognise such a doctrine (see the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of Chwee
Kin Keong and others v Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd [2005] 1 SLR(R) 502)). It is
our view, however, that this de facto merging of the remedy with the
substantive cause of action is apt to create more uncertainty and
unpredictability than is warranted. The majority of the court in Nelson
created, in effect, a new exception that was wholly discretionary in character
and that was not contained within a statutory vehicle such as the Illegal
Contracts Act 1970 – to which reference has been made above (at [121]–[122]).

166 What is important, therefore, for the purposes of our present judgment is
this: putting to one side the adjustment of the remedy approach adopted in
Nelson, should we nevertheless follow Nelson in refusing to follow Tinsley and
permitting recovery on a restitutionary basis notwithstanding the fact that a
presumption (whether of advancement or of resulting trust) might need to be
rebutted by reference to the illegal contract itself? Put simply, the question
is whether we should depart from Tinsley and the procedural application of the
reliance principle in the proprietary context. Looked at from one point of
view, this would do away with the artificiality and possible arbitrariness
referred to above. Whilst we do not (as already mentioned) need to arrive at a
definitive conclusion on this particular legal issue, we do think that one
possible way to adopt this part of the decision in Nelson is to simply admit
that there has indeed been “reliance” on the illegal contract but that, just
as in the context of unjust enrichment, this literal reliance is inoffensive
when an independent claim is brought in tort or equity premised on the
plaintiff’s proprietary right or title.

167 Indeed, one writer has forcefully argued that, given the inevitable (even
necessary) “reliance” on the illegal contract in such cases, the courts,
whilst permitting recovery on a restitutionary basis, should simply admit that
there is “reliance” on the illegal contract even in (and in that particular
author’s view, in fact, especially in) situations where the cause of action is
premised on title or some other proprietary interest (see Nelson Enonchong,
“Title Claims and Illegal Transactions” (1995) 111 LQR 135 (“Enonchong”)). In
our view, this thesis can, in fact, be further refined or nuanced by
clarifying precisely which sense or meaning of “reliance” is being used or
referred to. At this point, we would refer back to our analysis of the
different conceptions of the “reliance principle” at [127]–[138] above, and,
in particular, reiterate the need to disentangle reliance in the formal or
procedural sense and the reliance principle as a normative or substantive
principle which is only engaged when a plaintiff seeks to enforce, and thereby
profit from, the illegal contract. In the context of independent claims in
tort or the law of trusts premised on the plaintiff’s property or title, it
could be argued that there is no normative reliance as such because such
claims are for the recovery of the plaintiff’s property rather than the
enforcement of the illegal contract. Looked at in this light, it is our
tentative view that there may be no difficulty in (as was the case in Nelson)
departing from the distinction drawn in Tinsley that is, in the final
analysis, premised upon the formal concept of “reliance”, which we do not
accept (and that was, in fact, rejected by this Court in Ting Siew May, as
noted earlier).

168 However, we are of the view (albeit necessarily tentative, of course)
that, if we do depart from Tinsley in the proprietary context, the court
should still retain the power to disallow the independent property claim in
tort or the law of trusts even under this more flexible approach if to allow
the claim would stultify or undermine the fundamental policy that rendered the
contract concerned illegal in the first place (see also Enonchong at p 157
where it was similarly suggested the court should consider the relevant
contractual policy rather than a formal notion of reliance in determining
whether to allow the independent title claim). Whether the stultification
principle is engaged in such a claim would depend very much on the nature as
well as boundaries of the (fundamental) policy concerned. It will also be
immediately seen that the concept of stultification, if this approach is
accepted, would constitute a common or underlying thread throughout this
particular area of the law relating to (restitutionary) recovery pursuant to
an independent cause of action. This would, in fact, be a desirable outcome as
it would furnish structure as well as coherence to this particular area of the
law. However, as we have already emphasised, these are merely tentative views
and a definitive decision can only be rendered when the relevant issues arise
directly for decision.

(B) The legal status of the not in pari delicto and locus poenitentiae
doctrines

169 We next consider the status of the not in pari delicto and locus
poenitentiae doctrines, and make some (again tentative) observations on the
interaction among these doctrines, the law of unjust enrichment and the
principle of stultification.

(I) Not in pari delicto

170 The legal principles which apply where the parties are not in pari delicto
– which include the more specific categories of class protection statutes,
situations where there has been fraud, duress or oppression, and cases where
the plaintiff entered into the illegal transaction as a result of a mistake –
are uncontroversial and relatively well-settled (see [43] above). We therefore
see no need to revisit them, except to make the point, alluded to earlier,
that there will be some overlap between the not in pari delicto doctrine and
the cause of action in unjust enrichment in so far as the circumstances which
justify the application of the not in pari delicto doctrine may also give rise
to “unjust factors” such as mistake and duress. In such situations, the
stultification principle would not apply because it cannot be said that the
integrity of the courts would be undermined or the underlying policy of the
law stultified if the claim by the plaintiff, who is deemed to be less
blameworthy in the eyes of the law, is allowed. Indeed, in some instances
falling within the not in pari delicto principle, awarding restitution will
positively further rather than stultify the policy of the rule that rendered
the contract void and unenforceable, such as where the very reason for the
rule is to protect parties in the plaintiff’s position (see Goff & Jones 2016
at para 35-50).

(II) Locus poenitentiae

171 The interaction between the independent claim in unjust enrichment and the
locus poenitentiae doctrine is less straightforward. As noted earlier, it was
suggested by the minority (as well as Lord Neuberger) in Patel that the locus
poenitentiae doctrine should be liberalised as a general principle of
rescission which would allow restitutionary recovery of the benefits conferred
under an illegal contract regardless of whether the plaintiff has genuinely
repented and even if the agreement has been fully executed (as long as
restitutio in integrum can be achieved in practical terms) (see [49] above).
We make two related points in this regard.

172 First, if it is accepted that the locus poenitentiae doctrine is as broad
as suggested in Patel, then we find it difficult to identify any distinct
rationale or justification for the doctrine that can distinguish it from a
claim in unjust enrichment. In fact, such a broad principle would undermine
the need for the plaintiff to establish the ordinary requirements of a claim
in unjust enrichment, particularly the necessity to identify an “unjust
factor”, before being entitled to recovery of the benefits he conferred under
the illegal contract (see [139] above). A broad and unrestrained doctrine of
locus poenitentiae could also potentially allow a plaintiff to circumvent the
restraining principle of stultification which would apply to a claim in unjust
enrichment. With respect, this cannot be accepted.

173 Second, the broad conception of the locus poenitentiae doctrine suggested
in Patel is also incompatible with the traditional justification for the
doctrine, which is to encourage timely withdrawal from the illegal enterprise.
We alluded to this point earlier when we discussed the cases of Bigos and
Tribe, and the controversy over whether, in order for the locus poenitentiae
doctrine to apply, the plaintiff needs to have genuinely repented of his or
her illegality, or whether the doctrine would also apply even in circumstances
where the illegal purpose has been frustrated by circumstances beyond the
plaintiff’s control or is simply no longer needed (see [45]–[48] above). The
traditional rationale supports the narrower position adopted in Bigos – a
plaintiff who “voluntarily” withdraws from an illegal transaction which has
ceased to be needed needs no encouragement to do so; nor should he be given
any credit for having withdrawn from an illegal agreement which, ex hypothesi,
is simply no longer necessary. This reasoning applies a fortiori to a
situation where the illegal contract has been frustrated by circumstances
beyond the plaintiff’s control or has been fully executed. In fact, as the
learned authors of Goff & Jones have observed, awarding restitution in
situations where the only reason for the plaintiff’s abandonment of the
illegal enterprise is that a change in circumstances has rendered the scheme
unnecessary or impossible “does not promote withdrawal, and may even encourage
those who contemplate entry into an illegal transaction by providing them with
a safety net if they find that there is no longer anything to be gained from
it” [emphasis added] (Goff & Jones 2016 at para 25-30).

174 This leads us to the analysis of Prof Birks, who has argued that the cases
on the locus poenitentiae doctrine are best rationalised as falling within a
narrow category of unjust enrichment where restitution is allowed based on the
policy of discouraging unlawful conduct, and it is only in situations where
there is genuine withdrawal and voluntary abortion of the illegal project that
there can be said to be no threat of stultification such as to justify
recovery under this doctrine. To quote Prof Birks once again (Birks at p 189;
see, also, Peter Birks, An Introduction to the Law of Restitution (Clarendon
Press: Oxford, 1985) at pp 301–302):

It is entirely consonant with the policy of the law that people should be
encouraged to withdraw from their illegal projects. There is no threat of
stultification. Quite the contrary. So long as the withdrawal is a genuine
withdrawal, neither the lever argument nor the safety-net argument applies. …
However, the picture changes if the withdrawal is forced by betrayal on the
part of the other. … It is only while the project appears to be going ahead
smoothly that there is an interest in encouraging withdrawal. In short … the
doctrine really is about penitence, meaning an unforced change of mind. It is
about the voluntary abortion of illegal projects. Cases in which the plaintiff
has been thwarted are not within it. That is not to say that thwarted
plaintiffs are always barred from recovering, only that they cannot recover
under this doctrine. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

175 As presently advised, the above analysis, which would enable the doctrine
of locus poenitentiae to coherently fit within the framework of the law of
unjust enrichment (including the principle of stultification), appears to us
to be both cogent and persuasive. It implies that the broad conception of the
locus poenitentiae doctrine adopted by the minority (and Lord Neuberger) in
Patel should not be accepted. It also suggests that the English Court of
Appeal’s decision in Tribe should not be followed in Singapore. However, as
this particular issue did not arise on the facts of the present appeal, we
will render a definitive view when it does arise directly for decision on a
future occasion.

Summary of the law in Singapore on the doctrine of illegality and public
policy in the context of unlawful contracts

176 To summarise our rulings on the doctrine of illegality and public policy
in the context of unlawful contracts:

(a) The “range of factors” test adopted by the majority in Patel is not a part
of Singapore law, and the present law on the question of whether the contract
is prohibited which arises at the first stage of the inquiry remains
unchanged. At this stage, the court will have to ascertain whether the
contract is prohibited either pursuant to a statute (expressly or impliedly)
and/or an established head of common law public policy. If the contract is
indeed thus prohibited, there can be no recovery pursuant to the (illegal)
contract. This is subject to the caveat that, in the general common law
category of contracts which are not unlawful per se but entered into with the
object of committing an illegal act (and only in this category), the
proportionality principle laid down in Ting Siew May ought to be applied to
determine if the contract is enforceable: see [22]–[40] above for an overview
of the principles applicable at this first stage.

(b) However, that may not be the end to the matter as a party who has
transferred benefits pursuant to the illegal contract might be able to recover
those benefits on a restitutionary basis (as opposed to recovery of full
contractual damages). This is the second stage of the inquiry. There are three
possible legal avenues for such recovery:

(i) First, where the parties are not in pari delicto – which include the more
specific categories of class protection statutes, situations where there has
been fraud, duress or oppression, and cases where the plaintiff entered into
the illegal transaction as a result of a mistake: see [43] and [170] above.

(ii) Second, where the doctrine of locus poenitentiae applies because there
has been timely repudiation by the plaintiff of the illegal contract. As
presently advised, we are of the view that there must be genuine and voluntary
withdrawal by the plaintiff from the illegal enterprise for the doctrine to
apply, and that it would not apply in cases where the illegal purpose was
frustrated by circumstances beyond the plaintiff’s control or is simply no
longer needed. We do not, however, make a definitive pronouncement on the
issue in the present case: see [44]–[49] and [171]–[175] above.

(iii) Third, where the plaintiff brings an independent cause of action for the
recovery of the benefits conferred under the illegal contract which does not
allow the plaintiff to enforce, and thereby profit from, the illegal contract,
namely:

(A) In unjust enrichment if the ordinary requirements of the claim are
satisfied, subject to the defence of illegality and public policy in the law
of unjust enrichment. This defence is premised on the principle of
stultification which requires the court to determine whether to allow the
claim would undermine the fundamental policy that rendered the underlying
contract void and unenforceable in the first place: see [139]–[159].

(B) A claim in tort or the law of trusts based on the plaintiff’s property or
title. Tentatively, our view is that the availability of such a claim ought
not to depend on whether the plaintiff has to “rely on” the illegal contract
in a formal or procedural sense, but should also be restrained by the
principle of stultification: [161]–[168].

The present case

A preliminary evidential issue

177 We now turn to the facts of the present case. Before we delve into our
analysis of the main issues in this appeal, however, we would like to make an
observation on a preliminary issue that was raised in the course of
submissions.

178 The Appellants argue that, since Ms Chua had elected not to take the stand
and did not call Mr Sim as her witness, it was “evidentially wrong” for the
Judge to have relied on Mr Sim’s testimony and affidavit of evidence-in-chief
to find in favour of Ms Chua’s defence.

179 We find this argument to be without merit. In instances where some, but
not all, defendants have submitted that there is no case to answer, the court,
in deciding whether to uphold the submission of no case, may consider evidence
from the remaining defendants (who did not make the same submission) as it may
reveal liability on the part of the former (see the Singapore High Court
decision of Sakae Holdings Ltd v Gryphon Real Estate Investment and others
[2017] SGHC 73 at [28]–[31]). Likewise, where a defendant has merely chosen
not to take the stand, there is no reason why that defendant should be barred
from relying on evidence adduced by the remaining defendants in the
proceedings to support his submissions. It would be artificial and illogical
to require the court, instead of weighing the evidence before it in its
totality, to consider only selective portions of the facts while ignoring
others depending on whom the claim is brought against. In this connection, a
more fundamental point to note in the circumstances of the present case is
that the claims in contract and unjust enrichment are made against Ms Chua in
her capacity as the sole proprietor of VIE. Hence it would not make sense for
us, in assessing the claims against Ms Chua in that capacity, to discount the
evidence of Mr Sim who is, after all, the main controller of VIE, and arrive
at our determination on an incomplete set of facts. The Judge was therefore
correct to have relied on Mr Sim’s evidence in the matrix, and we proceed on
the same basis.

First stage: Whether the Orion and Ole Agreements fall foul of the MLA

180 As we alluded to in our introduction at [3], the present case concerns
potential statutory illegality (as opposed to common law illegality). The
first stage of our analysis concerns whether or not the Orion and Ole
Agreements are caught by the MLA, such that there can consequently be no
recovery under the contracts themselves. As we mentioned also at the start of
our judgment, this issue is legally straightforward and primarily turns on a
factual assessment of the evidence before us.

181 In our assessment, the Appellants’ general approach in seeking to deal
with the factual issues which arise from this primary contractual claim, as
well as the related claims in fraudulent misrepresentation and conspiracy to
defraud (which we come to later in our judgment), has been to rehash the very
same arguments made in the court below and, in doing so, cherry-pick the facts
which lend support to their case. They consequently fail to address material
pieces of evidence highlighted in the Judgment that are unfavourable to them.
Having considered the Appellants’ case in detail, we are of the view that they
have not raised any facts or evidence which the Judge below has not already
properly considered and dealt with in arriving at her decision. Even if some
of these facts were not expressly mentioned in the Judgment, it is clear to us
that the Judge had taken into account the material aspects of the parties’
evidence in reaching her determination. The Appellants therefore fail to
convince us that their arguments on appeal, when considered, should affect the
overall findings of fact made by the Judge. We now address each of the
Appellants’ arguments in further detail.

(1) Whether Mdm Lai and Mr Ole knew that the Orion and Ole Agreements were
improper

182 We start by considering whether Mdm Lai and Mr Ole knew that the Orion and
Ole Agreements were improper. The issue is central to the Appellants’ claim in
contract (as well the claims in fraudulent misrepresentation and conspiracy to
defraud). This is because, if Mdm Lai and Mr Ole did, in fact, know that the
Orion and Ole Agreements were improper, then the natural inference which would
follow is that the monies disbursed under the contracts were not legitimate
commercial investments as the Appellants claim, but rather pure moneylending
transactions instead. Indeed, this was a key factual finding which led to the
Judge’s determination that the contracts were unenforceable moneylending
agreements. In addition, the claim that the Appellants were the victims of
fraudulent misrepresentations as well as a conspiracy to defraud by Mr Sim and
Ms Chua would also largely fall away if the Judge’s finding on this issue is
upheld.

(A) The Judge’s findings

183 Based on the witnesses’ oral testimony and the objective evidence before
her, the Judge found that Mdm Lai and Mr Ole had always intended that the
Orion and Ole Agreements were to be loan transactions. They also knew that the
invoices were fabricated and that there were no specific sales by VIE in which
they were “investing” (at [60]).

184 The main reasons for the Judge’s decision were as follows:

(a) The Agreements were based on a template dictated by Mdm Lai who insisted
on an invoice (which she knew to be false) to accompany each Agreement so that
the transactions would not look like moneylending transactions (at [48]). Mdm
Lai was a “seasoned investor” and would not have, on every occasion, willingly
disbursed money to VIE upon receiving an Agreement and accepted whatever rate
of return determined by Mr Sim. There was also no reason why Mr Sim would have
voluntarily offered consistently high rates of return for such short periods
of repayment. Furthermore, the fact that Mr Sim was not conversant in the
English language lent support to the Respondents’ case that Mdm Lai had
dictated the actual language of the Agreements (at [50]).

(b) Mdm Lai and Mr Ole did not query several obvious discrepancies in the
invoices which accompanied each Agreement. This was despite the fact that Mr
Ole was himself in the food business and the material particulars on the
invoices would have been familiar to him (at [54]). Any reasonable investor in
the shoes of Mdm Lai and Mr Ole at the time the funds were being disbursed and
with even a superficial understanding of VIE’s business model would have
immediately realised that there was something awry (at [57]). The irresistible
inference was that they knew that the particulars in the invoices were
concocted and thus did not rely on them when advancing monies to VIE under the
Agreements (at [54]).

(c) Mdm Lai and Mr Ole were most unsatisfactory and evasive witnesses. They
were savvy investors who could articulate their views well, but yet they could
not give convincing explanations on the material issues, tried to distance
themselves from inconvenient facts by making implausible assertions and chose
to downplay their involvement in the transactions (at [60]).

(d) Mdm Lai and Mr Ole never raised issue with the fact that VIE would have
made hardly any profit from the Agreements based on the documents sent to
them, a fact which should have raised doubts as to the viability of their
joint venture in VIE (at [55]).

In the circumstances, the Judge found that what the parties really agreed upon
was “a series of extortionate loans which they sought to disguise as being
part of a joint venture investment” (at [63]).

(B) Our analysis

185 According to the Appellants, the Judge erred in finding that the
Appellants and Mdm Lai knew the invoices were fabricated and that there were
no real goods or profits underlying any of the agreements. They raise a number
of grounds in support of their argument, which we address in turn.

186 First, the Appellants submit that the Judge’s finding that the Appellants
and Mdm Lai knew that the invoices were fabricated went beyond the case which
the Respondents had pleaded. This submission is wholly unmeritorious. It was
always the Respondents’ case that Mdm Lai and the Appellants had full
knowledge of the nature of the invoices. Specifically, Mr Sim had pleaded at
paragraph 7 of his defence that:

(f) … Mdm Lai told [Mr Sim] that … she wanted the written loan agreement to be
supported by a tax invoice from [VIE].

(g) [Mr Sim] objected. [Mr Sim] told her that … there would not have been an
invoice from any customer at the time of the loan agreement. At the time of
the loan agreement, [VIE] would not have found a customer yet. Mdm Lai replied
that how [VIE’s] tax invoice was obtained was something she would leave to
[VIE].

(h) From the outset, Madam Lai required that [VIE]’s tax invoice(s) be
enclosed to each of the [Agreements]. Madam Lai explained to [Mr Sim] she did
not want the loans to look like money lending transactions. She knew that
lending (with the exorbitant interest rates) was illegal.

187 In our assessment, the allegation that the Appellants and Mdm Lai knew
that the invoices were fabricated clearly fall within these pleadings. The
Judge was therefore entitled to make a finding on this allegation. We would
also take this opportunity to reiterate that the rules of pleadings, at the
end of the day, are not meant to be technical defences; nor should the court
allow them to be turned into engines of oppression to prevent the true version
of events from coming to light. In this case, knowledge of the propriety of
the transactions was evidently an issue that arose organically from the
Respondents’ pleaded cases. The issue was ventilated at trial, and it cannot
be said that this was a matter which took the Appellants by surprise, such as
to disentitle the court from making a finding on the issue.

188 Second, according to the Appellants, the Judge erred in finding that the
terms of the Agreements were determined by Mdm Lai and not the Respondents.
The Appellants raise the following arguments:

(a) Mr Sim’s account should not be believed given his inability to provide a
consistent account as to who determined the terms in the Agreements. Mr Sim’s
allegation that Mdm Lai had dictated over the phone to Ms Chua the language of
the template on which the Agreements were prepared was unsubstantiated and
contradicted by Ms Chua’s account.

(b) Although Mr Sim was not conversant in the English language, he could have
just as easily dictated the terms of the template for the Agreements to Ms
Chua in Cantonese, for her to translate into English.

(c) The Judge’s finding that the parties sought to disguise loans as part of a
joint venture investment made little sense. If Mdm Lai’s objective was to
disguise illegal moneylending transactions as investments, it would be
unthinkable for a “savvy investor” such as she to dictate that the word “loan”
be used.

(d) The invoices demonstrated that the rates of return were dependent on the
type of foodstuff purportedly being purchased and resold. The rates of return
were not exorbitant considering that they were well within the profit margin
which Mr Sim conveyed to Mdm Lai.

(e) Mr Sim was unable to give satisfactory explanations for the fluctuations
in the interest rates across the Agreements.

(f) It did not make sense for Mr Sim to continue accepting further funds from
the Appellants and Mdm Lai if VIE’s business was allegedly not doing well
after six months. Although Mr Sim alleged that Mdm Lai had threatened the
Respondents with legal action for the debt already incurred by that stage, the
solution would have been to stop taking further sums which would expose VIE to
even greater liability in the future.

(g) If Mr Sim had truly informed Mdm Lai and the Appellants that VIE’s
business was not doing well, they would not have continued to advance monies
to VIE.

(h) Mdm Lai would have, on every occasion, willingly disbursed money to VIE
upon receiving an Agreement and accepted whatever rate of return was
determined by Mr Sim because: (i) VIE had not missed a single payment to Mdm
Lai at the time, which indicated to her that the business was doing well; (ii)
the invoices indicated to Mdm Lai that VIE had confirmed purchases from its
customers; and (iii) Mdm Lai and Mr Sim shared a very close relationship in
which Mdm Lai reposed “absolute trust” in Mr Sim.

189 In our assessment, the allegations raised here (a) have already been
considered by the Judge in arriving at her decision; (b) merely represent an
alternative interpretation of the evidence presented; or (c) are irrelevant to
the Judge’s overall findings. Even though the Judge does not mention some of
the specific facts highlighted by the Appellants, she was evidently alive to
the deficiencies in the Respondents’ evidence. In fact, in her judgment (at
[49]), the Judge set out clearly the aspects of Mr Sim’s evidence which she
found to be unsatisfactory, which are in line with the issues that the
Appellants have highlighted in the present appeal. Nevertheless, she chose to
accept the Respondents’ case as it was a more plausible account than that of
the Appellants (at [48]–[50]). Indeed, we share the Judge’s view that Mdm Lai,
as an investor with nearly 40 years of experience in managing the couple’s
joint portfolio, would not have agreed to disburse more than $58m worth of
funds under the Agreements without having had substantial input with regard to
their terms. Her case that she was content to leave the terms of the
Agreements entirely to Mr Sim is simply implausible. In addition, we note
that, even after the business was not doing well, it was not unreasonable for
Mr Sim to continue accepting and injecting funds from the Appellants into
VIE’s business in an attempt to turn it around. Given the attractive returns
under the Agreements, it is also understandable why Mdm Lai continued
advancing monies to the Respondents despite knowing that the business was not
doing well. It is clear on the evidence that the Appellants would have been
entitled to the principal and the returns under the Agreements regardless of
whether VIE was turning a profit. We are thus unable to agree with the
Appellants that the Judge’s decision was plainly wrong.

190 Third, the Appellants argue that the Judge had erred in finding that Mdm
Lai and Mr Ole must have already known that the invoices were fabricated on
the basis of “obvious discrepancies” in those documents. They rely on the
following bases in support of their argument:

(a) Mr Sim had represented to Mdm Lai that VIE had repeat orders from the same
customers. It was thus reasonable to infer that VIE also had regular suppliers
for those orders, such that the prices and shipping dates of those goods could
be readily fixed in advance.

(b) Mdm Lai testified that she did not scrutinise the invoices and did not
take note of details such as the shipping dates, which is not unusual given
the closeness of her relationship with Mr Sim and the trust that she had
placed in him. In any event, the discrepancies on the face of those documents
did not mean that the supply chain was unworkable in reality.

(c) Mdm Lai simply could not have calculated, and did not calculate, the
potential profit VIE would have made as she had left the Respondents to run
the business. Mdm Lai did not pay attention to the details of the invoices,
save for the food products involved, the names of the purchasers, and the
dates of the invoices to establish the recipients of those funds and the date
by which the remittances had to be made.

191 Once again, it is clear from the Judgment (at [52]–[57]) that these
aspects of the evidence were carefully considered by the Judge in the course
of her reasoning, although she eventually rejected the Appellants’ case theory
on the basis that it was incredible. In arriving at her decision, the Judge
found that the evidence that Mdm Lai and Mr Ole were not interested in the
shipping details in the invoices was “self-serving and difficult to reconcile
with their assertions that they paid ‘a lot of attention’ to and were ‘very
interested in the details’ of the invoices” (at [54]). Furthermore, the Judge
noted that Mr Ole had testified that he made the time to look through every
one of the Agreements and invoices (at [54]). The Appellants have not
addressed these points, and have instead chosen to rely on what appear to be
speculative and unsubstantiated statements to explain the inconsistencies in
their evidence. Based simply on the allegations raised, the Appellants have
not, in our view, demonstrated that there was a misjudgement of the facts
below.

192 Fourth, the Appellants contend that Mdm Lai and Mr Ole were more credible
witnesses than Mr Sim. They point out several instances where Mr Sim was
evasive, or where his evidence was internally inconsistent or at odds with the
extrinsic evidence before the court. In our view, the evidence which the
Appellants highlight are similarly not sufficient to overturn the Judge’s
overall finding that it was Mdm Lai who had determined the language of the
Agreements. As we mentioned, the Judge was clearly aware of the deficiencies
in Mr Sim’s evidence. In finding that Mdm Lai and Mr Ole were unsatisfactory
witnesses, the Judge also took into account the fact that “[u]ndoubtedly there
were flaws in Mr Sim’s testimony and issues which he could not satisfactorily
explain as well” (at [60]). Having tested the parties’ oral evidence against
the contemporaneous documents, however, she found on balance that Mr Sim’s
case was more probable than that of the Appellants. The Appellants, on the
other hand, have not demonstrated to us why the Judge was wrong based on the
totality of the evidence but have simply rehashed the same factual allegations
as in the proceedings below which were clearly considered by the Judge in
arriving at her decision. In our judgment, the Appellants’ approach, in simply
regurgitating the very same arguments that had failed in the proceedings
below, does not bring them very far.

193 In the circumstances, we see no reason to disturb the Judge’s finding that
Mdm Lai and Mr Ole knew that the Orion and Ole Agreements were improper. We
therefore affirm the Judge’s conclusion that the Appellants were aware of the
true nature of the Orion and Ole Agreements, which were moneylending
transactions that the Appellants sought to disguise as bona fide investments
in a joint venture.

(2) Whether the Orion and Ole Agreements are unenforceable by reason of s 15
of the MLA

194 The next question, then, is whether the contracts fall within the scope of
s 15 of the MLA and are therefore unenforceable.

(A) The Judge’s findings

195 In finding that the Orion and Ole Agreements were unenforceable under the
MLA, the Judge first held that these were clearly loan contracts within the
definition of the MLA (at [34]). In reaching her conclusion, she considered
carefully the form and substance of the transaction as well as the parties’
position and relationship in the context of the entire factual matrix (as per
City Hardware Pte Ltd v Kenrich Electronics Pte Ltd [2005] 1 SLR(R) 733 (“City
Hardware”) at [24]), and made the following findings:

(a) The form of the Agreements indicated that they were loan contracts (at
[35]). All 740 Agreements were titled “Agreement of Loan” and expressly stated
that VIE “took a loan” from either Mdm Lai, Orion or Mr Ole. With Mdm Lai and
Mr Ole’s wide experience in investing and business, and Mdm Lai’s strong
command of the English language, it was strange that she had failed to query
the language used in the Agreements if they did not truly reflect the nature
of the transactions.

(b) The substance of the Agreements demonstrated that they were contracts for
the repayment of monies lent (at [37]). Mdm Lai and Mr Ole admitted that VIE
was contractually obliged to pay the principal sum and the pre-determined rate
of return on the Repayment Date regardless of whether it actually got paid by
its customer or made any profit.

(c) The language which the parties used in reference to the transactions in
the course of their dealings suggests that they were, in fact, loans (at
[40]).

(d) The steps which Mdm Lai and Mr Ole took to take control of VIE were
consistent with a lender-borrower relationship between the parties (at [44]).
Mdm Lai and Mr Ole were neither shareholders in VIE nor directly involved in
its business, and Mdm Lai’s desire to transfer VIE’s business to her Hong
Kong-incorporated companies (including Orion) was more plausibly explained by
her own desire to avoid paying taxes rather than her concerns about whether
VIE was properly paying its taxes (at [44]). Furthermore, Mdm Lai’s desire for
some control over and oversight of VIE would also have been driven by the fact
that she was an unsecured creditor for very large sums (at [45]).

(e) The close relationship between Mdm Lai and Mr Sim was, at best, a neutral
point in determining whether she was an investor rather than a lender (at
[46]). Their close relationship did not prevent her from lending money to
another business which Mr Sim managed (at [46]).

196 After determining that the Appellants were lending money to the
Respondents under the Orion and Ole Agreements, the Judge found further that
they were unlicensed moneylenders under the MLA and that the contracts were
unenforceable under s 15 of the same Act. These were the reasons for her
decision:

(a) The Appellants were not excluded moneylenders under exception (c) to the
definition of “moneylender” in s 2 of the MLA (“s 2 Exception (c) of the MLA”)
(which defines excluded moneylenders as persons who “bona fide carr[y] on any
business not having for its primary object the lending of money in the course
of which and for the purposes whereof he lends money”). This was because their
sole object was to lend money at a high interest rate, Orion was “not trading
anything” and there was no real joint venture under which the loans were
advanced (at [70]–[71]).

(b) The Appellants were also carrying on the business of moneylending. There
was a system and continuity in the transactions because (i) there was an
organised system under which the amount required by VIE for each month would
be determined and repaid; and (ii) there was continuity given that there were
76 Orion and Ole Agreements, and 740 Agreements in total under which a
sizeable amount of more than $58m was disbursed. The loans under the Orion and
Ole Agreements were disbursed regularly over three months, and the entire
course of conduct in relation to the Agreements spanned a period of over three
years (at [77]).

197 Finally, it bears noting that, in the course of her decision, the Judge
was mindful that it would be inappropriate to apply the MLA to commercial
transactions between experienced business persons who did not prima facie have
the characteristics of moneylending (see City Hardware at [22]). Nevertheless,
she was of the view that the principle did not apply in this case since the
parties had wilfully attempted to structure a transaction so as to evade the
MLA’s application (at [80]–[81]).

(B) The Appellants’ arguments

198 The Appellants mount the following challenges against the Judge’s
findings.

199 First, the Appellants submit that the Judge erred in finding that the
Orion and Ole Agreements were purely loans with no terms limiting their use.
Their reasons are that:

(a) The Orion and Ole Agreements were not loans in their substance. They were
in actual fact investments in VIE’s purported business on the basis of a cost-
and profit-sharing joint venture. Based on the invoices, the rates of return
in the Agreements depended on the type of foodstuff purportedly being
purchased and resold. The “profit” to be repaid did not accumulate or compound
if VIE failed to make payment by the due date, which showed that it was not an
interest rate in disguise.

(b) There is “overwhelming” objective contemporaneous evidence by Mr Sim and
Ms Chua asserting that the transactions with VIE were “investments”.

(c) Mdm Lai and the Appellants’ attempts to transfer VIE’s business to certain
companies in which Mdm Lai and Mr Ole held shares, including Orion, and the
fact that Mdm Lai was made a signatory to VIE’s bank account, are
demonstrative of their interest in the business.

(d) By dismissing the relationship between Mdm Lai and Mr Sim as a “neutral
point”, the Judge appears not to have considered their close personal
relationship as a relevant indicator of the nature of the transactions. Their
close relationship suggests that Mdm Lai would not have been a “rapacious
moneylender”.

(e) Mdm Lai and the Appellants clearly shared the risk of VIE’s business with
the Respondents. Mdm Lai and Mr Ole, in advancing monies to VIE, were
essentially putting “at risk” funds from their joint portfolio on an unsecured
basis. In other words, they undertook the “risk” that they would lose the
entire principal sum should VIE’s business fail.

200 Second, the Appellants argue that even if the Orion and Ole Agreements
were loan contracts, the Judge had erred in finding that they were
unenforceable pursuant to s 15 of the MLA. They emphasise that:

(a) The Appellants fall within s 2 Exception (c) of the MLA as the loans were
granted as part of their primary object of investing in VIE’s business. It is
not true that Orion did not have a primary business as it had entered into an
agreement to conduct a business in food import and export and attempted to
transfer VIE’s business to itself, even though these did not subsequently
materialise.

(b) In any event, they were not in the business of moneylending. In relying on
the factors set out in the Singapore High Court decision of Lim Beng Cheng v
Lim Ngee Sing [2016] 1 SLR 524 (“Lim Beng Cheng”), which are relevant to
deciding whether there was a system and continuity in the transactions, the
Appellants highlight that: (i) Mdm Lai and the Appellants never held
themselves out as being willing to lend money; (ii) there is no evidence that
they had lent money to any other entities not closely associated with the
Respondents; (iii) none of Mdm Lai’s and Mr Ole’s businesses was connected
with moneylending; (iv) any “system and continuity” in the transactions was
orchestrated by the Respondents, and not Mdm Lai nor the Appellants; and (v)
save for a stipulated due date, there was no clear and definite repayment plan
in respect of the transactions.

(c) Finally, MLA is a piece of social legislation that is designed to protect
individuals who had to turn to unscrupulous unlicensed moneylenders, who
preyed on people unable to borrow money from banks and other financial
institutions. It was not intended to protect borrowers who were experienced
business persons/entities such as VIE.

(C) Our analysis

201 As we held earlier (at [193]), we agree with the Judge’s determination
that Mdm Lai and Mr Ole had always intended that the transactions be loans but
sought to disguise them as being part of a joint venture investment. Once we
arrived at this conclusion, much of the Appellants’ case, which seeks to
demonstrate that the transactions were not loans, falls away. In any event, we
are unable to agree with the Appellants that the factual matrix surrounding
the transactions demonstrated that the Orion and Ole Agreements were not
loans:

(a) It was obvious that the Orion and Ole Agreements were loans in substance.
There is clear evidence that the rate of return under the Agreements was
essentially pegged to the quantum of the monies advanced by the Appellants
rather than to the business revenue generated by VIE. This was accepted by Mdm
Lai in court, when she admitted that VIE was contractually obliged to pay the
principal sum and the pre-determined rate of return on the Repayment Date
regardless of whether it made any profit. It did not matter that the invoices
showed that the rates of return depended on the type of foodstuff being
purchased and resold; the invoices were fabricated to accompany the Agreements
and Mdm Lai knew this to be so. It also did not matter that the rates of
return on the monies advanced under the Orion and Ole Agreements did not
compound over time. There is no requirement that there be “accruing” interest
for a loan to exist.

(b) Given that both sides have each adopted the term “investments” and “loans”
on multiple as well as different occasions to describe the nature of these
transactions, we are of the view that the labels which they have used are, by
themselves, not particularly helpful in determining whether the transactions
were truly monies advanced as part of a joint venture or were purely loans.
What may be concluded from the totality of the evidence, however, is that the
parties’ use of the term “investment” does not preclude a finding of a loan on
these facts. This is because Mdm Lai’s testimony indicates she was aware that
“investments” and “loans” were not mutually exclusive terms, when she admitted
that what she repeatedly referred to as “investments” in Brightstar (another
business managed by Mr Sim) were in fact “loans”.

(c) The Appellants have not pointed to any evidence to demonstrate that their
attempts to transfer VIE’s business to Mdm Lai and Mr Ole’s companies,
including Orion, and the fact that Mdm Lai was made a signatory to VIE’s bank
account, indicated a genuine interest in the business itself as opposed to a
way of retaining oversight of VIE’s finances as its major unsecured creditor.
Indeed, that Mdm Lai had only superficial knowledge of VIE’s management and
operations (which is demonstrated by, for example, the fact that she did not
even know that VIE had at least six different bank accounts through which it
transacted) strengthens the view that she was merely a creditor and not a
partner in a joint venture.

(d) It was clear that the Judge had considered the relationship between Mr Sim
and Mdm Lai to be a relevant, albeit neutral, point in determining whether Mdm
Lai was lending money to VIE. Furthermore, since Mdm Lai had in fact lent
money to Brightstar on numerous occasions despite the alleged closeness of her
relationship with Mr Sim, we were hard-pressed to find that their relationship
would necessarily have prevented her from lending money to VIE in this
instance and under these contracts.

202 In our judgment, therefore, the Appellants have not been able to
demonstrate that the Judge’s determination that the transactions were loans
was plainly wrong on the evidence.

203 The remaining issue, in determining whether the loans were unenforceable,
is whether or not the Appellants were unlicensed moneylenders under the MLA.
In our assessment, the Judge was correct to find that they were so for three
reasons.

204 First, it seems clear to us that the Appellants did not fall within s 2
Exception (c) of the MLA. The Appellants accept that, while Orion had
attempted to engage in businesses in the import and export of food, these
ultimately did not materialise. In other words, Orion had in reality no
primary business other than the loans which it made to VIE. As we found above,
there was also no real joint venture under which the loans were advanced.

205 Second, the factors identified in Lim Beng Cheng (set out at [200(b)]
above) are relevant, but not determinative, to finding that there was a
business of moneylending. We are convinced on the evidence set out above at
[196(b)], that there was a system and continuity in the transactions and thus
that the Appellants were in the business of moneylending.

206 Third, as far as the Appellants’ argument, that the MLA is a piece of
“social legislation” designed to protect vulnerable individuals rather than
experienced business persons/entities (such as VIE), is concerned, we are
unable to identify the legal argument which the Appellants are seeking to
make. The Appellants have not pointed to a single legislative provision which
should be construed in their favour in light of the MLA’s legislative purpose,
on the basis of which the Judge’s finding should be overturned. More
importantly, based on the express wording of s 2 and Exception (c) of the MLA,
it is clear to us that the MLA extends not just to the rogue “loan shark” who
preys on the poor and vulnerable, but to anyone who engages in the business of
moneylending within the meaning of the MLA without license.

207 For ease of reference, we reproduce the relevant portions of s 2
(including Exception (c)) of the MLA as follows (incorporating the amendments
up to December 2007, which is the date of the Orion and Ole Agreements):

“moneylender” includes every person whose business is that of moneylending or
who carries on or advertises or announces himself or holds himself out in any
way as carrying on that business whether or not that person also possesses or
earns property or money derived from sources other than the lending of money
and whether or not that person carries on the business as a principal or as an
agent but does not include —  
  
(a) any body corporate, incorporated or empowered by a special Act of
Parliament or by any other Act to lend money in accordance with that Act;

(b) any society registered under the Cooperative Societies Act;

(c) any person bona fide carrying on the business of banking or insurance or
bona fide carrying on any business not having for its primary object the
lending of money in the course of which and for the purposes whereof he lends
money;

(d) any pawnbroker licensed under the provisions of any written law in force
in Singapore relating to the licensing of pawnbrokers;

(e) any finance company licensed under the Finance Companies Act [Cap. 108];

(f) any person licensed under the Securities and Futures Act 2001; and

(g) any merchant bank which is an approved financial institution for the
purposes of section 28 of the Monetary Authority of Singapore Act (Cap. 186);

208 The scheme of the MLA, and the requirement for commercial moneylenders to
obtain a license, also indicate that the Act fulfils an important regulatory
purpose in regulating transactions which fall outside of s 2 Exception (c) of
the MLA (see Lal Harcharan Singh, Law of Moneylenders in Malaysia and
Singapore (Sweet & Maxwell, 2003) at p 15, cited in Sheagar s/o T M Veloo v
Belfield International (Hong Kong) Ltd [2014] 3 SLR 524 at [68]). In the
present case, the transactions, which were basically extortionate loans
disbursed over a substantial period of some three years and which were never
part of any bona fide commercial venture, clearly fall within the mischief
sought to be addressed by the MLA.

209 In the course of oral submissions, the Appellants stressed further that
the Judge should not have found that the Orion and Ole Agreements were
unenforceable under the MLA because the present case was factually similar to
Hungier v Grace and another (1972) 127 CLR 210 (“Hungier”), in which the High
Court of Australia had found that there was no business of moneylending. In
Hungier, the appellant had extended monies to the respondent, a timber
merchant, for a period of six years for the latter to purchase timber,
following which the two men split the net profits from the timber’s re-sale.
The essential fact, according to the Appellants, was that it had been the
timber merchant who had approached the lender on each occasion. Any system or
regularity in the transactions thus was not of the lender’s seeking; he was
merely responding to the timber merchant’s requests. Since this was also a
feature in the present case, the Appellants argued that Hungier gives support
to their submission that they were similarly not in the business of
moneylending.

210 The basic flaw in the Appellants’ attempt to analogise the present facts
to those of Hungier, however, is that their argument was once again premised
entirely on their case that the events were all of Mr Sim and Ms Chua’s
initiation and that the Appellants did not know that the invoices were
improper. As we have explained above, the Appellants have not succeeded in
persuading us that the Judge had erred on this particular point. Indeed, the
circumstances of the present case are quite different from those in Hungier.
The Appellants in this case were well aware of the true nature of the
Agreements and acted precisely in order to avoid the MLA. One further
distinction (and a rather fundamental one) is that, unlike the facts in
Hungier, the interest rates of the moneylending transactions in the present
case were fixed, and there was no sharing of the profits made. As we alluded
to earlier at [201(a)], and having regard to all the circumstances, it is
evident that the Appellants in this case were not engaged in a commercial
joint venture with the Respondents, with both parties taking on business
risks; rather, their relationship was simply one of lender and borrower, with
the Appellants having no real stake in VIE’s business, apart from the credit
risk which they took on as lenders. In our view, therefore, Hungier does not
assist the Appellants in any way.

211 In the circumstances, we see no reason to disturb the Judge’s finding that
the Orion and Ole Agreements are unenforceable under s 15 of the MLA. The
Appellants’ appeal in respect of their primary claim in contract is therefore
dismissed.

Second stage: Whether the principal sums disbursed under the Orion and Ole
Agreements can be recovered in unjust enrichment

212 As we agree with the finding below that the Orion and Ole Agreements are
prohibited and unenforceable by reason of s 15 of the MLA, the Appellants’
alternative claim needs to be considered. This is an independent claim in
unjust enrichment for recovery of the outstanding principal sums disbursed
under the contracts, totalling $8,909,500, from VIE (ie, Ms Chua).

213 Applying the legal principles set out above, the first question is whether
the ordinary requirements of the claim in unjust enrichment are satisfied. As
set out by this Court in Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole
executrix of the estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another [2013] 3 SLR
801 at [98], these requirements are as follows:

(a) Has the defendant been benefited or been enriched?

(b) Was the enrichment at the expense of the claimant?

(c) Was the enrichment unjust?

(d) Are there any defences?

214 It is indisputable that the first two requirements are made out as VIE was
benefitted by the principal sums totalling $8,909,500 lent by the Appellants
and this enrichment was directly at the Appellants’ expense. The
identification of the unjust factor is also straightforward. In this case,
there is a total failure of consideration, namely the failure of VIE to repay
the loan amounts which was the promised counter-performance based on which the
loans were disbursed.

215 The final, and key question, is whether the defence of illegality operates
to defeat the independent claim in unjust enrichment. This defence turns on an
application of the concept of stultification to the present facts, and whether
to permit recovery of the principal sums would undermine the fundamental
policy underlying the MLA and make a nonsense of the legislative prohibition
which renders the Orion and Ole Agreements void and unenforceable in the first
place.

216 In the court below, the Judge dealt with this issue briefly in the
following passage in the Judgment (at [84]):

Finally I should add that, as the Orion and Ole Agreements are unenforceable
by reason of s 15 of the MLA, the plaintiffs’ claim in unjust enrichment
should also fail. This alternative claim is a backdoor attempt to enforce the
Agreements. In every case involving an unlicensed and therefore unenforceable
loan contract, it could similarly be argued by the lender that it has a
separate cause of action based on unjust enrichment because the consideration
for the grant of the loan has wholly failed. If allowed, such a restitutionary
claim would render s 15 of the MLA otiose. The position may arguably be
different if the lender had entered into the illegal loan agreement as a
result of a mistake as to the facts constituting the illegality or was not in
pari delicto (see Aqua Art Pte Ltd v Goodman Development (S) Pte Ltd [2011] 2
SLR 865 at [23]–[25]). However, it is not necessary for me to determine this
point because, as explained above, this is not such a case.

217 As is apparent from the above passage, the parties did not present
detailed legal arguments to the Judge on this alternative claim, and the
Appellants relied chiefly on the principle that restitution of monies
disbursed under an illegal contract is available to a plaintiff who was not in
pari delicto (which we have examined at [43] and [171]–[175] above). In our
view, the Judge was entirely correct in finding that this doctrine does not
apply to this case. It clearly has no application given the Judge’s finding,
which we have upheld, that the illegality was perpetuated with the knowledge
and at the insistence of Mdm Lai and Mr Ole.

218 On appeal, the Appellants argue that the policy underpinning s 15 of the
MLA would not be undermined if the claim in unjust enrichment were allowed
because the underlying “illegality” in this case involved a commercial
relationship between the Respondents and the Appellants rather than a typical
infraction envisioned by the MLA. We do not agree.

219 In our judgment, the alternative claim in unjust enrichment cannot succeed
because to permit recovery of even the principal sums would undermine and
stultify the fundamental social and public policy against unlicensed
moneylending which undergirds the MLA. An examination of the legislative
policy underpinning the MLA indicates that unlicensed moneylenders should be
precluded from recovering any compensation whatsoever for their illegal loans.
Permitting restitution of the principal sums lent would make a nonsense of
this policy and render ineffectual the prohibition in s 15, which reflects the
strong need to deter illegal moneylending due to its status as a serious
social menace in Singapore.

220 We start with the observation that unlicensed moneylending is a serious
and pernicious activity in our society against which Parliament has set its
face implacably, as noted by the Singapore High Court in Ho Sheng Yu Garreth v
Public Prosecutor [2012] 2 SLR 375 (“Garreth Ho”) at [68]. This can be seen
most evidently from the substantial and robust increases in the penalties for
moneylending offences over the years since the criminal offence of unlicensed
moneylending was first introduced through the Moneylenders Ordinance 1959 (No
58 of 1959) (see Garreth Ho at [58]–[68]). The prohibition with regard to the
civil enforcement of unlicensed moneylending contracts presently found in s 15
of the MLA was first introduced in the same Ordinance to strengthen the legal
regime against unlicensed moneylending and “to make it clear that a
moneylender should not be able to recover a loan made by him unless he is
licensed” [emphasis added in bold italics] (State of Singapore, Legislative
Assembly Debates, Official Report (13 January 1960) vol 12 at col 60 per Mr K
M Byrne, Minister for Labour and Law).

221 More recently, the legislative scheme was further bolstered by the
enactment of s 14(2) of the Moneylenders Act 2010 (Cap 188, 2010 Rev Ed) (“the
MLA 2010”) (introduced via the Moneylenders Act 2008 (Act No 31 of 2008)):

(2) Where any contract for a loan has been granted by an unlicensed
moneylender, or any guarantee or security has been given for such a loan —

(a) the contract for the loan, and the guarantee or security, as the case may
be, shall be unenforceable; and

(b) any money paid by or on behalf of the unlicensed moneylender under the
contract for the loan shall not be recoverable in any court of law.

222 The explanatory statement to Clause 14 of the Moneylenders Bill 2008 (Bill
No 33 of 2008) is revealing:

Clause 14 makes it an offence for any person to carry on, or hold himself out
as carrying on, moneylending business in Singapore unless he is authorised to
do so by a licence, or he is an excluded moneylender or exempt moneylender. It
is also an offence for any person to assist in the commission of such an
offence, and the clause contains a presumption for this purpose. A contract
for a loan from an unlicensed moneylender, and any guarantee or security given
for such a loan, will be unenforceable, and any money paid by or on behalf of
the unlicensed moneylender is not recoverable in any court of law, regardless
of the cause of action. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The plain language of s 14(2) of the MLA 2010, together with the explanatory
statement, clearly indicates that Parliament legislated via the Moneylenders
Act 2008 to expressly prohibit a claim in unjust enrichment to recover any
money paid by or on behalf of an unlicensed moneylender. This statutory
provision, however, does not directly apply to the present case as the
applicable provision is s 15 of the previous MLA (ie, the 1985 Revised
Edition).

223 Both sides rely on the enactment of s 14(2)(b) of the MLA 2010 in support
of their respective cases. The Appellants acknowledge that the claim in unjust
enrichment would fail if this provision applied. However, since the provision
does not apply in this case, they argue that the court is free to allow the
claim in unjust enrichment under the common law. They also argue that the fact
that s 14(2)(b) of the MLA 2010 had to be specifically enacted indicates that,
prior to 2008, there was no legal prohibition against a claim in unjust
enrichment to recover the principal amounts disbursed under an illegal
moneylending contract. The Respondents, by contrast, submit that s 14(2)(b) of
the MLA 2010 demonstrates that Parliament “remains resolute on barring the
claims of illegal moneylenders”.

224 In our assessment, the fact that s 14(2) of the MLA 2010 does not apply in
this case does mean that there is no statutory prohibition of the unjust
enrichment claim. Nevertheless, its enactment in 2008 is still relevant as a
significant indicator of Singapore’s social and public policy towards
unlicensed moneylending which we are entitled to, and indeed must, take into
account when considering the application of the common law defence of
illegality in unjust enrichment. In this regard, we note that the enactment is
not in any way a departure from the previous legislative policy of the MLA,
but is in fact entirely in line with the robust approach which has been
consistently taken by Parliament in addressing unlicensed moneylending, as
well as with the specific legislative purpose of s 15 of the MLA, which is to
ensure that an illegal moneylender should not be able to recover a loan made
by him (see [220] above).

225 Returning to the principle of stultification, there is no doubt that the
rationale of s 15 of the MLA, and its efficacy in deterring illegal
moneylending, would be severely undermined and made a nonsense of if the
courts were to permit an unlicensed moneylender to recover the principal sums
disbursed through an independent claim in unjust enrichment. It is true that
the claim in unjust enrichment would not give the Appellants the exact same
recovery as their contractual claim, as the former precludes the recovery of
the interest or “profit” element (of approximately $1.3m in the context of the
present case). However, this only addresses what Prof Birks referred to as the
“identical yield argument” (see [158] above). This argument would apply in
cases such as Boissevain (discussed at [149] above) where the restitutionary
claim would allow the plaintiff to obtain substantially the same performance
as he would have had under the illegal contract. However, there is still the
fact that the availability of the claim in unjust enrichment for the principal
sums would provide illegal moneylenders with leverage to compel their debtors
to make full repayment despite the prohibition of the loan agreement. The
claim would also provide them with a “safety net” by allowing them to recover
their principal sums (thereby allowing them to grant further illegal loans).
In other words, this is a situation where the “lever” and “safety-net”
arguments identified by Prof Birks are entirely applicable (see [158] above).

226 Finally, we note that our analysis is supported by the observations made
by the High Court of Australia on similar moneylending provisions in the
leading unjust enrichment case of Pavey & Matthews Proprietary Limited v Paul
(1987) 162 CLR 221 (“Pavey & Matthews”). That decision concerned a claim in
quantum meruit for the value of work done and materials supplied under an oral
building contract. The majority of the court, comprising Deane, Mason and
Wilson JJ, permitted the claim notwithstanding the fact that the contract was
unenforceable due to s 45 of the Builders Licensing Act 1971 (NSW), which
required the contract to be in writing. In the course of their analysis, the
majority contrasted the writing requirement in s 45 of the Builders Licensing
Act 1971, which in their view did not preclude the claim in unjust enrichment,
with the statutory prohibition on the enforcement of unlicensed moneylending
contracts found in moneylending legislation, which had been held in earlier
authorities to preclude alternative restitutionary claims.

227 The relevant part of Mason and Wilson JJ’s judgment is as follows (at pp
229–230):

Unlike the Court of Appeal we do not see any compelling analogy between s. 45
of the Act and the money-lending legislation considered by this Court in
Mayfair Trading [(1958) 101 CLR 428] and s. 22 of the Money-lenders and
Infants Loans Act 1941 (N.S.W.) considered by Walsh J. in Deposit & Investment
Co. v. Kaye [(1962) 63 SR (NSW) 453]. The relevant provisions in those cases
explicitly rendered unenforceable contracts executed by the money-lender. The
statutes were directed at making unenforceable an obligation to repay money
already lent and a security already given in respect of such an obligation. It
was not possible to interpret these provisions so that they left on foot any
quasi-contractual causes of action on the part of the lender. Request and
receipt by the borrower of the money lent were integral elements in a
situation in which the contract and all securities were expressed to be
unenforceable. An additional feature of the money-lending cases is that the
legislation was designed to protect borrowers by imposing onerous obligations
on money-lenders to comply with the statutory requirements. The need to
protect borrowers in this way was the outcome of oppressive conduct on the
part of money-lenders. Section 45, seen in its setting and in conjunction with
the insurance scheme established by the Act, stands on a different footing.
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

228 And, in a similar vein, Deane J observed thus (at pp 261–262):

The decisions on the money-lending legislation do not seem to me to be really
in point. In the legislation involved in those cases, it was possible to
argue, both by reference to the different words used and the quite different
history of money-lending legislation, that it was the plain legislative intent
that the money-lender should be precluded from recovering any compensation for
the loan which had been made and received by the borrower. The relevant
provisions went well beyond a mere statement that the agreement was to be
unenforceable by the lender and were plainly directed towards imposing
unenforceability in the ordinary case at a stage after the consideration had
been fully executed by the lender, that is to say, after the money had been
lent without an adequate memorandum in writing of the terms of the loan. Thus,
the sub-section of the Nigerian Moneylenders Ordinance (s. 19(4)) which was
before the Privy Council in Kasumu v. Baba-Egbe [[1956] AC 539] expressly
provided that a money-lender should not be entitled to enforce “any” claim “in
respect of” any transaction in relation to which he had made default in
complying with the requirement that he should enter certain particulars in a
book. Section 9(1) of the Money Lenders Act 1912 (W.A.), which was before this
Court in Mayfair Trading Co. Pty. Ltd. v. Dreyer [(1958) 101 CLR 428],
provided that no contract for the “repayment by a borrower of money lent to
him ... or for the payment by him of interest on money so lent, and no
security given by the borrower ... in respect of any such contract” should be
enforceable in the absence of the prescribed note or memorandum. In Deposit &
Investment Co. Ltd. v. Kaye [(1962) 63 SR (NSW) 453, at p 460], Walsh J.
expressly drew attention to the fact that the form of the relevant provision
did not simply say that “the contract of loan is not to be enforceable” but
provided that “the borrower’s obligations and the security for the performance
of them shall not be enforceable”. [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

229 While we recognise that the moneylending provisions referred to in Pavey &
Matthews are not exactly identical to s 15 of the MLA, the observations of the
High Court of Australia underscore our ruling that the (fundamental) policy
underlying the prohibition on the enforcement of illegal moneylending
contracts found in a moneylending legislation such as the MLA, which is to
protect borrowers and deter the oppressive conduct of moneylenders, precludes
even restitutionary recovery of the principal sums lent. To find otherwise
would stultify the legislative intent that moneylenders should be precluded
from recovering any compensation for the loan which they had made.

230 Finally, we do not agree with the Appellants that the policy underpinning
s 15 of the MLA would not be undermined if their claim in unjust enrichment
were allowed in the present case because of the commercial nature of the
relationship between the parties. As we made clear earlier, the prohibition
under s 15 of the MLA, and the policy of the Act, extends not just to the
rogue “loan shark” who preys on the poor and vulnerable, but to anyone who
engages in the business of moneylending within the meaning of the MLA without
license (see [206] above). The conduct of the Appellants, who persistently
lent monies to VIE at extortionate rates over a prolonged period of time
without any legitimate commercial motivation other than to profit from usury,
falls squarely within the mischief targeted by the MLA. In this regard, our
rejection of the similar argument made by the Appellants in respect of their
primary claim in contract equally applies to their alternative claim in unjust
enrichment.

231 Accordingly, we find that the Appellants’ appeal in respect of their
alternative claim in unjust enrichment for the recovery of the outstanding
principal sums disbursed under the Orion and Ole Agreements should also be
dismissed.

Remaining claims in fraudulent misrepresentation and conspiracy to defraud

232 It remains for us to consider the two other claims against Mr Sim and Ms
Chua, in fraudulent misrepresentation and conspiracy to defraud.

(1) The Judge’s findings

233 The Judge’s decision on the remaining claims was similarly premised on the
key factual finding that Mdm Lai and Mr Ole knew that the Orion and Ole
Agreements were improper. In her judgment, having found that the Agreements
were moneylending transactions and that it was Mdm Lai who had insisted on the
fabricated invoices to mask the nature of the Agreements, the Judge held that
the claims for fraudulent misrepresentation and conspiracy to defraud must
fail (at [91] and [92]).

234 In relation to the claim in fraudulent misrepresentation, the Judge
essentially reasoned that, since Mdm Lai and Mr Ole were privy to the improper
transactions and knew that the invoices were fabricated to disguise the true
nature of the loan contracts, there would have been no representation by the
Respondents to Mdm Lai and the Appellants that the monies advanced to VIE
would be used to purchase the goods mentioned in the invoices, let alone any
reliance placed by them on any such representation or on the invoices (at
[91]).

235 In relation to the claim in conspiracy to defraud, the Judge held that
there was no agreement between the Respondents to do certain acts with the
intent to cause damage to the Appellants. Once again, the manner in which the
Agreements were structured with the accompanying false invoices was done with
the full knowledge of Mdm Lai and the Appellants. Furthermore, since Mdm Lai
and Mr Ole knew that there were no genuine sales under the Agreements, the
monies advanced were basically loans with no terms limiting their use. It was
therefore irrelevant that VIE might have transferred some of the loan monies
for purposes other than its business, and it did not indicate that there was a
conspiracy to defraud (at [92]).

(2) The Appellants’ arguments

236 In the Appellants’ submissions, it is argued that the Judge had erred in
concluding that both secondary causes of action were not made out. The
following arguments were raised in support:

(a) By admitting that the monies advanced to VIE were used to make subsequent
repayments to Mdm Lai and the Appellants under the Orion and Ole Agreements,
Mr Sim effectively admitted to conspiring with Ms Chua to induce Mdm Lai and
the Appellants to transfer money to VIE for its purported business. Further,
and in the alternative, Mr Sim’s admissions showed that the Respondents had
falsely misrepresented to Mdm Lai and the Appellants that the sums advanced to
VIE were used to conduct its business whereas they were actually used to make
those subsequent repayments.

(b) The evidence shows further that the Respondents had transferred monies out
of VIE to “random entities/persons for no apparent reason”. This indicated
that the Respondents had induced Mdm Lai and the Appellants to transfer money
to VIE so that a significant portion of it could be siphoned off elsewhere,
for unknown purposes.

(3) Our analysis

237 It is helpful, first, to set out the elements of each tort before
considering whether the Judge had erred in her findings as the Appellants
allege.

(A) Fraudulent misrepresentation

238 The essential elements of the tort of fraudulent misrepresentation are as
follows (see the decision of this Court in Panatron Pte Ltd and another v Lee
Cheow Lee and another [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435 at [14]):

(a) First, there had to be a representation of fact made by words or conduct.

(b) Second, the representation had to be made with the intention that it be
acted upon by the plaintiff, or by a class of persons which included the
plaintiff.

(c) Third, the plaintiff had acted upon the false statement.

(d) Fourth, the plaintiff suffered damage by doing so.

(e) Fifth, the representation had to be made with knowledge that it was false,
either made wilfully or in the absence of any genuine belief that it was true.

239 In our assessment, none of the Appellants’ arguments, as summarised at
[236] above, demonstrate that they are capable of establishing the elements of
the tort. Indeed, as we have affirmed that Mdm Lai and the Appellants knew
there was no real business or joint venture and the invoices were fabricated
to disguise what were essentially loan contracts, the Appellants face an
insurmountable task in demonstrating that they had relied on any false
representations made by the Respondents in disbursing the funds. The fact is
that the disbursement of the funds by the Appellants was not made on the
representation that the monies would be used for VIE’s business. They were
disbursed on the basis that they were loans which VIE could use as they saw
fit, under the cover of a purported “joint venture” which the fabricated
invoices sought to provide. Hence, the fact that Mr Sim eventually used those
monies to repay the loans under subsequent agreements and/or transferred some
of those sums to third parties is ultimately immaterial. In the premises, we
find the Appellants’ appeal in respect of their claim in fraudulent
misrepresentation to be wholly without merit.

(B) Conspiracy to defraud

240 In respect of their claim in conspiracy to defraud, the Appellants pleaded
both conspiracy by unlawful means and conspiracy by lawful means in the
alternative. A conspiracy by unlawful means is constituted when two or more
persons combine to commit an unlawful act with the intention of injuring or
damaging the plaintiff, and the act is carried out and the intention is
achieved. In a conspiracy by lawful means, on the other hand, there need not
be an unlawful act committed by the conspirators. But there is the additional
requirement of proving a “predominant purpose” by all the conspirators to
cause injury or damage to the plaintiff, and the act is carried out and the
purpose achieved (see the decision of this Court in Quah Kay Tee v Ong & Co
Pte Ltd [1996] 3 SLR(R) 637 at [45]; see, also, Gary Chan Kok Yew and Lee Pey
Woan, The Law of Torts in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2016) at para
15.052).

241 We find the Appellants’ case on the Respondents’ alleged conspiracy to
defraud to be tenuous, to say the least. In their submissions, the Appellants
have merely pointed to singular facts and admissions, namely, (a) Mr Sim’s
testimony that the monies advanced were used to make subsequent repayments to
the Appellants, and (b) evidence that the Respondents had transferred the
monies out of VIE to third parties, to allege that conspiracy is made out.
Other than that, the Appellants have not raised any further facts to establish
the elements of the tort as summarised in the preceding paragraph, or to
convince us that the Judge’s decision was plainly wrong. In the premises, we
see no reason to overturn the Judge’s findings on the issue.

242 On both counts of fraudulent misrepresentation and conspiracy to defraud,
therefore, we uphold the Judge’s decision against the Appellants and dismiss
the appeal on those claims.

Conclusion

243 For the above reasons, we dismiss the appeal in full, with the Appellants
to pay costs to the Respondents. We invite the parties to make submissions
(not exceeding 10 pages) on the appropriate quantum of the costs of the appeal  

within 14 days of the date of the present judgment.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Tay Yong Kwang Steven Chong  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Gary Leonard Low, Vikram Ranjan Ramasamy, Priya d/o Gobal and Chan Min Jian
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the appellants;  
First respondent in person;  
Sarbjit Singh Chopra, Ho May Kim, Zheng Shengyang Harry and Lee Wen Rong
Gabriel (Selvam LLC) for the second respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

