Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2018] SGHC 140

Originating Summons No 1260 of 2017

Between

| Ganesh Paulraj  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Avantgarde Shipping Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Companies] — [Striking off defunct companies] — [Restoration of struck off
company]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ganesh Paulraj

  
v

  

Avantgarde Shipping Pte Ltd

  

  

[2018] SGHC 140

  

High Court — Originating Summons 1260 of 2017  
Aedit Abdullah J  
26 February 2018  

18 June 2018

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 This case concerns an application for the restoration of a struck-off
company under s 344(5) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed). The primary
issues of this case are as follows: (a) whether the Applicant, a director of
the company, had sufficient standing to make such an application; (b) whether
any practical benefit accrued to the company from restoration; and (c) whether
the respondent here would suffer prejudice. I found in favour of the Applicant
and the Respondent has appealed against my decision allowing the restoration
of the company.

Background

2 The present application involves the restoration of a struck-off joint
venture entity, A&T Offshore Pte Ltd (the “Company”), for the purposes of
pursuing a certain contractual claim against the Respondent. The Company was
incorporated in October 2014, with both the Respondent, Avantgarde Shipping
Pte Ltd, and the Applicant’s company, Tuff Offshore Engineering Services Pte
Ltd (“Tuff”), as shareholders. The Applicant and two others (one of whom was
related to the Respondent) were directors of the Company at all material
times. In 2016, the Company applied to be struck off the register on its own
motion and was eventually struck off in April 2017.

3 By way of background, the Applicant’s spouse, Ms Mahalakshmi D/O Mahalingam
(“Maha”), was the sole director and legal shareholder of Tuff. She, however,
held the shares in Tuff on behalf of the Applicant. The Applicant later became
a director of Tuff in October 2017.

4 As noted above, the present application concerns a certain contractual claim
against the Respondent. While the circumstances surrounding the contractual
claim, and the relationship between the contractual claim and the present
application, are to some degree disputed, it suffices to note the following.
The Respondent, at some point during the history of the parties, was awarded a
lucrative contract to convert an oil tanker into a production and storage
vessel to be delivered to a Malaysian entity. The Respondent subsequently
entered into a contract with the Company for the provision of integrated
project management services (“Integrated Project Management Services
Contract”), presumably in support of the previously mentioned vessel
conversion project. According to the Applicant, the Company then entered into
a back-to-back contract with Tuff for the same scope of work as set out in the
Integrated Project Management Services Contract. While the Company was the
contracting party under the Integrated Project Management Services Contract,
Tuff performed the actual work and received payment from the Respondent. As a
result of this apparent redundancy, the director with a connection to the
Respondent suggested that the Company be shut down to avoid compliance with
regulatory requirements. The Applicant and the other director agreed to the
suggestion and an application to have the Company struck off the registered
was made thereafter. As it transpired, there remains an outstanding sum
purportedly owed by the Respondent to Tuff. The Respondent asserts that the
only relevant contract was between the Respondent and the Company and thus
owed Tuff nothing. It is this outstanding sum that motivated the Applicant to
take up the present application. According to the Applicant, the restoration
of the Company is necessary to vindicate the Applicant’s purported contractual
claim.

5 ACRA was informed of the application to restore but did not participate in
the present proceedings.

Applicant’s Case

6 The Applicant relies on the framework for restoration laid down in Re Asia
Petan Organisation Pte Ltd [2018] 3 SLR 435 (“Re Asia Petan”) and submitted
that, being a director, he had the requisite locus standi to seek restoration
of the Company. Further, he had a pecuniary interest in the resuscitation of
the Company as his wife held shares in Tuff on his behalf.

7 As regards the purpose of the restoration, it is to allow the Company to
commence an action against the Respondents. Such a claim need only be made out
on a prima facie basis in an application of the present nature. Further, there
is a practical benefit to the Applicant as payment could be made to Tuff if
the contractual claim were successful.

8 Moreover, no prejudice will be suffered by the Respondent. The fact that the
Applicant was involved in the initial striking off application should not bar
the restoration. It was reasonable for the Applicant to apply to strike off
the Company earlier. Further, the cause of action against the Respondent did
not arise out of the striking off, and there is no applicable time bar. While
the Respondent denies the claim by the Company, it will be able to defend the
matter at a later forum where the merits of the claim are more properly
ventilated.

Respondent’s Case

9 The Respondent argued that the Applicant had no locus standi, and that the
Applicant had not given a proper explanation for his changed stance given that
he had applied to strike off the company in the first place. It is not clear
what claim the Company has against the Respondent, nor why restoration is
necessary. The Applicant is seeking to pursue Tuff’s claim backdoor through
the Company. There is no practical benefit in restoring the Company. There has
also been delay in the bringing of the application.

10 Furthermore, the Applicant withheld facts from the court. These facts
related to the circumstances surrounding the dealings between the various
parties showing that Tuff had no claim against the Respondent. The present
application was also brought for ulterior motives, with collusion between
various parties to fabricate false claims against the Respondent. Prejudice
would also be suffered as the Respondent had no contract with Tuff, nor did it
owe Tuff money. In any event, any restoration would only be to the benefit of
Tuff.

Decision

11 I ordered the restoration of the Company as I was satisfied that the
requirements of s 344(5) were met; namely, that the Applicant qualified as a
person aggrieved and that it was just that the Company be so restored. I
followed the approach laid down in Re Asia Petan and came to the following
conclusions: (a) that the Applicant had locus standi; (b) that the purpose
identified for the restoration was sufficient (ie, that there was practical
benefit to such restoration); and (c) that there was no prejudice against the
Respondent. Finally, I was satisfied that there existed no exceptional
countervailing circumstances against the restoration.

Analysis

The law governing restoration

12 The restoration of companies struck off the register of companies is
governed by s 344(5) Companies Act, which reads, in material portions:

If any person feels aggrieved by the name of the company having been struck
off the register, the Court, on an application made by the person at any time
within 6 years after the name of the company has been so struck off may, if
satisfied … otherwise that it is just that the name of the company be restored
to the register, order the name of the company to be restored to the register
…

The omitted portion concerns the alternative ground for restoration of
carrying-on of business, which is not relevant here. As is apparent, the time
bar was not applicable either.

13 The law in relation to the question of restoration was reviewed in Re Asia
Petan; the Respondent did not seriously challenge its approach, and I was,
with respect, satisfied that it was sound. In Re Asia Petan, the learned
Judicial Commissioner, after surveying the relevant foreign case law, said (at
[31]):

In the light of the above, I hold that s 344(5) of the Act should be
interpreted broadly. To demonstrate locus standi, a person must demonstrate
some proprietary or pecuniary interest arising from the company’s restoration.
Such interest need not be firmly established or highly likely to prevail, but
it must not be merely shadowy. When considering whether it would be just to
restore a company to the register, a court has to have regard to all the
circumstances of the case, including but not limited to: (a) the purpose of
restoring the company; (b) whether there would be any practicable benefit
arising from the restoration; and (c) whether there would be prejudice to any
persons. If the court were so satisfied, it should order a restoration unless
there are exceptional countervailing circumstances. These principles are
applicable in the context of an application to restore a company to the
register pursuant to s 344(5) of the Act, regardless of whether the company
was previously struck off under s 344 or the new s 344A, on its own
application or by the Registrar.

Re Asia Petan expressly did not lay down an exhaustive and conclusive list of
factors.

Locus Standi

14 On the question of standing, I was satisfied that the Applicant had
sufficient standing under the Re Asia Petan formulation (ie, that a person
must demonstrate some proprietary or pecuniary interest arising from the
company’s restoration) for two reasons. First, as a director of a company that
may have possible outstanding claims, the Applicant would have a pecuniary
interest in the restoration of the Company. Second, and in any event, a
shareholder of a company (corporate or otherwise) would have the requisite
pecuniary interest in the restoration of a company. It follows that a director
of such a shareholder would also be an appropriate applicant under s 344(5);
the Applicant being one such director.

15 Whether or not such an action which is said to give the applicant an
interest in the s 344(5) application would be successful is not relevant. What
matters is the potential for some recovery for the company. Thus, the fact
that the other directors and shareholders in the present application may later
resist any such pursuit is immaterial – the test for standing is not concerned
with the stance of others, who may have different viewpoints from the
applicant. Their interests, if at all to be considered, goes towards the
consideration of benefit and prejudice.

16 I am of the view that the test for standing need not to be as narrow as the
Re Asia Petan formulation may be perceived to be. Even if there were no
separately demonstrable pecuniary interest, a director of the struck off
company, by his position alone, has sufficient connection and proximity to the
Company that would independently furnish some basis for standing as an
applicant under s 344(5). This, however, is subject ultimately to the
establishment of the separate factor of a practical benefit accruing. In other
words, a director may not necessarily to have to show an interest that is
proprietary or pecuniary in nature to have locus standi, but in order to
succeed in the application, the director must at the very least show a
practical benefit from the Company’s restoration.

17 The objective of the locus standi requirement is to limit s 344(5)
applications to those who have some direct and tangible interest in the
outcome. A director has sufficient pecuniary interest in the restoration of
the company, qua director. The performance of the functions and duties of a
director in relation to a possible claim would be a sufficient basis. He could
be exposed for failure to pursue claims or matters in the interest of the
company.

18 I do not read the requirements summarised in Re Asia Petan as being
exhaustive. The requirement of proprietary or pecuniary interest endorsed in
Re Asia Petan intrinsically examines the sufficiency of interest by way of
potential injury, harm or detriment. This is to limit the field of potential
applicants for restoration; so that those merely officious or opportunistic,
without any real connection to the company, could not bring themselves within
the statute. The language of the test in Re Asia Petan, for instance, could
encompass a person outside the company who has some sort of claim against the
company, but exclude someone from within who has no real stake in its
restoration; the objective being that the applicant has some legitimate
interest in the s 344(5) application. Hence, although Re Asia Petan casts the
requirement of interest in a particular manner, the underlying rationale is
the need to sieve out unmeritorious applications. In my view, this rationale
offers robust guidance to courts faced with the question of standing.

19 The proposition that the test of standing should not be narrowly perceived
and that the court is ultimately guided by rationale is evident in the English
authorities. In the case of In re Wood & Martin (Bricklaying Contractors) Ltd
[1971] 1 WLR 293 (“In re Wood & Martin”), Megarry J had to construe the phrase
“any other person who appears to the court to be interested” in s 352 of the
UK Companies Act 1948 (c 38) (UK). The applicant before the court was somewhat
unique. He was a liquidator who was, as a matter of technicality, invalidly
appointed as the company had already been struck off the register prior to his
appointment during the company’s voluntary winding up exercise. In considering
the liquidator’s standing (which Megarry J called a liquidator de son tort),
Megarry J differentiated an earlier decision of his, In re Roehampton Swimming
Pool Ltd [1968] 1 WLR 1693 (“In re Roehampton”), which he characterised as a
plain case where the applicant had no shadow of a pecuniary or proprietary
interest. Megarry J eventually held that the liquidator de son tort in
question was an applicant with, at the very least, some proprietary or
pecuniary interest in the restoration of the company in question (at p 297).
It was thus apparent that Megarry J was not proposing to impose a definitive
test, but that it is simply sufficient to postulate that the existence of a
pecuniary or proprietary interest which would bring an applicant within the
English provision.

20 To further the discussion, in the earlier decision of In re Roehampton,
Megarry J rejected an application put forward by a solicitor acting for a
claimant against the company. Unsurprisingly, the solicitor was not found to
be an interested person within the English legislation, although Megarry J
accepted that the claimant himself would have the requisite interest. His
Lordship stated (at p 1698):

… In relation to making an order for the revival of a defunct company, it
seems to me more probable that the word refers to a pecuniary or proprietary
interest than that it embraces all matters of curiosity or concern.

Tying both cases together, it is clear that Megarry J had the objective of
giving a realistic and practical circumference to standing, and to exclude the
merely curious or concerned. This underscores my point on the rationale behind
the standing requirement.

21 One decision referred to in Re Asia Petan, the more recent Australian case
of Arnold World Trading Pty Ltd v ACN 133 427 335 Pty Limited [2010] NSWSC
1369 (“Arnold”), could be read as taking a narrower approach. The Court there
was concerned with the termination of a creditors’ voluntary winding up and
considered the question of restoration by way of analogy in obiter dicta.
While the Court adopted a test measuring standing by reference to legal rights
and interests, and referred to the English decision of In Re Wood & Martin,
the Court there also observed that the sole member “of a company that is
deregistered on winding up in which all known property has been duly collected
[and] applied … does not … have any interest … in bringing the company back
into existence” (at [44]). It may be thought that the Court’s ruling in Arnold
points against the Applicant here. But that sole member in Arnold could only
point to an intangible interest (ie, protecting his reputation) and the Court
there was actually concerned with the halting of liquidation and
deregistration in Australia, leaving intact the existence of the company
elsewhere.

22 I further note that in Arnold, the Court considered the possibility of an
application being made under the equivalent of s 455 by the sole director. The
Court there stated that it was well-established that a director does not by
reason of the directorship alone have a person aggrieved status, and should
have some additional interest of a tangible kind. I would, with respect,
separate the issue of standing from the separate consideration of the purpose
of restoration, and consider that a director would have sufficient standing to
apply, though the director should point to some purpose that benefits the
company. It is pertinent that the Court in Arnold did not apply the same
framework of analysis as that ultimately adopted in Re Asia Petan. Further,
the situation here was different as the director here sought restoration in
relation to a possible claim by the Company.

23 Thus, on the facts here, as the Applicant was a director of the struck out
company, I found that there was sufficient connection and proximity to the
company to at least recognise standing: the applicant is clearly not a
stranger to the company. The fact that the Applicant was the direct beneficial
shareholder of Tuff, gave him an interest through Tuff as a shareholder of the
Company and therefore, coupled with the claim that Tuff may have in the
company pursuing its claim, there was sufficient pecuniary interest in the
company’s restoration.

Purpose of restoration conferring practical benefit

24 The restoration of the Company was intended to enable the pursuit of the
contractual claim against the Respondent. That would confer sufficient
practical benefit. Even if the contractual claim were unmeritorious, that
would not be a bar against restoration of the Company.

25 The Respondent argued that Tuff, in fact, had no claim against it. But the
Company’s claim need not be made out before me. Whether or not the claim will
be made out, or whether the Respondent ultimately has a defence, was not a bar
unless the claim was hopeless or very likely to fail. The case here, however,
does not involve a hopeless claim. Similarly, any collusion as alleged by the
Respondent, whether involving Tuff, the Company, or persons associated with
either, was also immaterial to the present proceedings.

26 The Respondent also pointed out that the Applicant may have an eye to an
eventual claim by Tuff against the Company. But this is, to my mind, a
separate and irrelevant matter to the present application. The fact that the
Company itself may be subject to a claim by Tuff is not a reason to bar
restoration. In the interim, if the funds are recovered by the Company, it is
an inflow. Any eventual outflow of funds to Tuff from the Company would have
to be determined in subsequent proceedings. The point of the legislation is to
empower the court to consider whether restoration should be allowed, so that
the company is brought back to existence. The proceedings following after need
to be considered in another forum.

Prejudice

27 The exposure of the Respondent to the contractual claim would not count as
relevant prejudice. The existence of the claim or otherwise was not dependent
on the striking off; it arose independently. This independence meant that
there could be no real complaint that the restoration of the company would
cause any new consequence for the Respondent. The Respondent would have had to
face that very claim had the Company continued its existence. As noted above,
the merits or otherwise of the Company’s claim is immaterial as well. That has
to be determined in separate proceedings.

28 The Respondent may have, as it claimed, a valid defence against Tuff which
would defeat entirely Tuff’s claim. Essentially, the Respondent was arguing it
should be left only to fend off Tuff, which it felt it could do successfully,
and not be exposed to any claim by the Company. That was not relevant
prejudice for the purposes of restoration. It would also not be prejudice
either that Tuff may have an alternative, or even better, claim in restitution
or other basis; the Applicant is entitled to seek the revival of the Company
even if there is some other possible claim. The Court’s discretion is not to
be invoked only as a last resort. To my mind, what should count as prejudice
is anything arising off of the striking out, which may have led to a change of
position, or detriment, including any delay, aside from any time bar. There
was no such detriment at all here flowing from the striking off.

Other factors

29 That the Applicant had himself sought to strike off the company in the
first place did not disqualify his application either. The Applicant’s
participation in the striking off does not remove his standing. Nor did it
negate any practical benefit from the restoration. It was conceivable that the
Applicant doing so could cause prejudice, for instance, if there was a common
understanding between the Applicant and others that the Applicant would pursue
the striking off, in return for some benefit conferred upon him by others. But
that really went to the question of prejudice, and the application would not
be refused simply because the Applicant had caused the striking off in the
first place.

30 There may be some situations in which the conduct of an applicant in
striking off could bar restoration; the discretion given to the Court is a
broad one. But merely having been the instigator of the striking off, without
anything more, was not to my mind sufficient.

Miscellaneous

31 Some objections were raised by the Applicant to the Respondent’s affidavit,
but these were not, in the end, material to my decision.

Orders made

32 Accordingly, I granted the order sought by the Applicant.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

Vijai Daramdas Parwani and Chang Guo En Nicholas Winarta Chandra (Parwani Law
LLC) for the applicant;  
Tan Wen Cheng Adrian and Low Zhi Yu Janus (August Law Corporation) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

