Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 145

Suit No 8 of 2017  
(Summons Nos 1510 of 2017 and 1940 of 2017)

Between

SUNRISE INDUSTRIES (INDIA) LTD  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| PT OKI PULP & PAPER MILLS  
---|---  
(2)| DENA BANK LIMITED  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Credit and security] — [Performance bond] — [Fraud exception]

[Credit and security] — [Performance bond] — [Unconscionability exception]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sunrise Industries (India) Ltd

  
v

  
PT O

KI Pulp & Paper Mills and another

[2018] SGHC 145

High Court — Suit No 8 of 2017 (Summons Nos 1510 of 2017 and 1940 of 2017)  
Tan Lee Meng SJ  
13 October 2017; 12 December 2017

21 June 2018 Judgment reserved.

Tan Lee Meng SJ:

1 The plaintiff, Sunrise Industries (India) Ltd (“Sunrise”), a company
incorporated in India, is in the business of manufacturing thermosets,
thermoplastic-lined equipment, pipes and fittings. The first defendant, PT OKI
Pulp & Paper Mills (“PT OKI”), an Indonesian company, is a manufacturer of
pulp, paper and tissue paper. The present dispute between Sunrise and PT OKI
relates to the making of a call on a performance guarantee (the “Bank
Guarantee”) issued by the second defendant, Dena Bank Limited (“the Bank”), to
PT OKI. The Bank Guarantee was intended to secure the performance by Sunrise
of a contract to supply PT OKI with a complete set of FRP-Piping for the
construction of a pulp mill in Ogan Komering Llir in South Sumatra, Indonesia
(the “Project”). After PT OKI called on the Bank Guarantee on 10 October 2016,
Sunrise applied for and obtained interim injunctions on 6 January 2017 to
prevent PT OKI from making the said call and the Bank from paying any money
under the Bank Guarantee to PT OKI (“the Injunctions”). Subsequently, Sunrise
applied for fresh injunctions on the same terms in Summons No 1510 of 2017
(“SUM 1510”) and PT OKI applied to set aside the Injunctions in Summons No
1940 of 2017 (“SUM 1940”). In this judgment, I address both these summonses.

Background

2 In the latter part of 2014, PT OKI expressed an interest in procuring from
Sunrise a complete set of FRP-Piping for the Project and in engaging Sunrise
for the installation of the said piping. After extensive negotiations, Sunrise
and PT OKI entered into two separate contracts dated 10 July 2015. Both
contracts provided for Singapore law to be the governing law and further
provided that the parties “irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the
courts of Singapore, which shall have exclusive jurisdiction over such
disputes” and that the parties agree to waive any objections to proceedings in
Singapore on the ground that they were brought in an inconvenient forum.

3 The first contract (“the Supply Contract”) was signed on or around 12 August
2015 although it was dated 10 July 2015. It required Sunrise to supply a
complete set of FRP-Piping for the Project. The initial contract price, which
was subsequently revised, was US$6,647,625. The Supply Contract required
Sunrise to furnish a Bank Guarantee to PT OKI with respect to the performance
of its obligations under the said contract.

4 The second contract (the “Installation Contract”) required Sunrise to
supervise and install the FRP-Piping for the Project for US$1,291,935. Unlike
the Supply Contract, the Installation Contract did not require the provision
of a Bank Guarantee by Sunrise.

5 On 14 September 2015, the Supply Contract was amended to exclude some items
from and to include a number of other items in the list of goods to be
supplied. As a result of the changes, the contract price for the goods to be
supplied under the said contract was raised to US$6,925,839.

6 The required Bank Guarantee under the Supply Contract was issued by the Bank
on 21 September 2015 for 10% of the total contract price under the said
contract, as amended on 14 September 2015, which amounted to US$692,583.90.
The Bank Guarantee was an unconditional on-demand guarantee that was intended
to serve as security for the fulfilment of Sunrise’s obligations under the
Supply Contract, including the delivery of goods to PT OKI within the
prescribed time. Under the Bank Guarantee, the Bank irrevocably and
unconditionally undertook to pay to PT OKI any amount up to US$692,583.90
immediately and within five banking days from receipt of PT OKI’s written
demand calling on the said Guarantee “notwithstanding any challenge whatsoever
or howsoever made by [Sunrise] or any other Party”.

7 On 10 November 2015, the parties amended the Supply Contract to include some
further items (the “additional goods”) to be supplied by Sunrise. The
amendments resulted in the raising of the contract price by a further
US$1,398,293.

8 The Supply Contract required the goods and additional goods to be delivered
to PT OKI in Indonesia by 25 November 2015 and 15 January 2016 respectively
(the “original delivery deadlines”). The Supply Contract provided for
liquidated damages for delayed delivery, which were capped at 10% of the total
contract price. The maximum amount payable as liquidated damages for delayed
delivery would be reached once there had been a delay of six full weeks.

9 According to PT OKI, the delivery deadlines were not met. It is PT OKI’s
case that this resulted in Sunrise being liable for the maximum liquidated
damages for delayed delivery. However, Sunrise claimed that it was not in
breach because the delayed delivery of the goods and additional goods was due
to PT OKI’s failure to put the required Letters of Credit (“L/Cs”) in place on
time as well as the latter’s delay in making the required initial payments for
the goods and additional goods. In contrast, PT OKI blamed Sunrise for these
delays and alleged that the latter failed to furnish the required
documentation timeously to enable it to put the L/Cs in place and make the
initial payments for the goods.

10 In view of the delays in shipment of the goods and additional goods to
Indonesia, the L/Cs for these goods were amended on 23 December 2015 to
reflect the changed position and the latest date for shipment of the goods was
changed to 29 February 2016 in the L/Cs. The parties held different views on
whether or not the amendment of the latest date for shipment of the goods
extended the original deadlines for the arrival of the goods in Indonesia and
released Sunrise from any alleged breach of the delivery deadlines.

11 On 7 January 2016, the security under the Bank Guarantee was increased to
US$832,413.20, which is the sum claimed by PT OKI from the Bank under the Bank
Guarantee.

12 Apart from complaining about the delayed shipment of the goods and
additional goods, PT OKI asserted that Sunrise failed to perform some of its
other obligations under the Supply Contract. It pointed out that Sunrise
failed to deliver to it a cargo of “Special Tools” required for the
installation of the FRP-Piping in the Project and that some of the goods
supplied by Sunrise under the Supply Contract did not comply with the
specifications stated in the said contract.

13 By May 2016, the parties were exchanging rather rude emails. On 18 May
2016, PT OKI’s Mr Tjandra Sujanto (“Sujanto”) emailed Sunrise’s managing
director, Mr Joy Kunjukutty (“Kunjukutty”), as follows:

After all your tricks which has caused us severe delay and losses, we have no
interest to continue business with you anymore.

All our rights under the contract shall be claimed from you to the fullest
extent possible.

[emphasis added]

14 Faced with PT OKI’s position that it had no interest in doing business with
Sunrise anymore, Kunjukutty replied with a hard-hitting email on the same day,
in which he pointed out that he would be arranging for his Project Manager to
collect the machinery and tools supplied for the installation of the FRP-
Piping in the Project. He stated as follows:

[W]e will be deputing our Project manager to collect all the plant,
machineries, special tools supplied for the installation against your
installation contract…

In the meantime you are requested to kindly release the balance payment
against your supply contract immediately and discharge us from the performance
liabilities to enable us to allow you to install the piping through any other
contractor.

As informed in our earlier mail we will not be responsible for the performance
of the systems, if the same is installed by any other contractor. We are sure
that you are not only going to delay the project beyond your imaginations but
also going to screw up the plant operation during the years to come.

[emphasis added]

15 Sujanto’s rather terse reply to Kunjukutty on 19 May 2016 was also in
rather impolite terms as he stated as follows:

There is nothing to return to you. You are a literate man so read your
contracts carefully!! All the tools are part of the Goods contract and belong
to us as we have paid for them. You sent your Site Manager to work on site
without giving him the purchase contract for reference! Only after we showed
him the contract did he realize that all the way you have misled him with
wrong information and instructions!

….

You have no good intention to fulfill your contractual obligations since the
beginning.

All your key staffs have left you one by one … You are as bad to your own
staffs as to your customer.

The normal and only way to settle such situation is to meet your customers
face to face and discuss solution, however bad the situation is, like a good
businessman but you choose to hide behind your laptop.

You don’t have the guts to show up but pathetically have the face to try to
claim the payment that you are not entitled to!

You are a hopeless person Joy!

[words in bold in original; emphasis added in italics]

16 Kunjukutty’s email on the same day to Sujanto included the following
remarks, which showed that the relationship between the parties had totally
broken down:

We are not responsible for your unprofessional and unethical behaviour, it is
your problems and we understood it from the beginning and we are sure that you
have grown with that culture. Please note that we can’t write or behave like
you being a professional and highly ethical leading multinational company.

We have understood your culture from your first letter you have sent to us
after the award of the contract. Hence, we were very careful in dealing with
you to avoid such situations.

….

We fail to understand the meaning of your mail and if we have no intention to
complete the project, why we have done all these things in advance without
getting the payment. …

There can be dispute in the business due to various reasons but it is very
important to behave professionally and that we have learned and practice in
our day to day life.

[emphasis added]

17 Nearly five months later, on 10 October 2016, PT OKI called on the Bank
Guarantee and instructed the Bank in writing to pay to it the guaranteed sum
of US$832,413.20 immediately. On 13 October 2016, the Bank acknowledged PT
OKI’s written demand by way of a SWIFT transmission. On 20 October 2016, the
Bank informed PT OKI that it would be paying the guaranteed amount on or
before 28 October 2016.

18 On 14 October 2016, PT OKI’s solicitors, M/s Drew & Napier LLC, informed
Sunrise in a 13-page letter that PT OKI intended to take all necessary steps
to protect its interests and had called on the Bank Guarantee to satisfy in
part the losses suffered by it as a result of alleged breaches by Sunrise.

19 On 19 October 2016, Sunrise commenced proceedings in the Indian Commercial
Court of Vadodora (the “Indian proceedings”) to prevent the Bank from paying
the guaranteed amount to PT OKI. The Indian proceedings were limited to the
Bank Guarantee. It may be recalled that both the Supply Contract and the
Installation Contract provided that disputes were to be settled in Singapore
courts in accordance with Singapore law. Sunrise sought to excuse its failure
to comply with the exclusive jurisdiction clause in the said contracts as
follows in an affidavit dated 6 January 2017 filed by Kunjukutty in the Indian
proceedings:

… [N]otwithstanding the presence of the jurisdiction clauses in favour of the
Courts of Singapore in the Supply Contract and Installation Contract, the
Plaintiff commenced Commercial Civil Suit No. 288 of 2016 in the Commercial
Court of Vadodara on 19 October 2016 (“Indian Proceedings”), believing that it
was entitled to, and it would be procedurally correct to do so, as the [Bank]
was not a party to the Supply Contract or the Installation Contract, and
because the [Bank] only had a presence in India, and critically because [PT
OKI] had demanded the [Bank] to release the sum under the Bank Guarantee to
[it] by 28 October 2016, and time was of the essence. Also, the Indian
Proceedings were limited to the Bank Guarantee.

20 Sunrise’s application was initially dismissed by the Commercial Court of
Vadodara for want of jurisdiction. The twists and turns in the Indian
proceedings need not be discussed. What is relevant here is that on appeal,
the decision of the Commercial Court that it had no jurisdiction to deal with
Sunrise’s application was overruled by the High Court of Gujarat at Ahmedabad.
An injunction was subsequently issued in favour of Sunrise on 9 January 2017.
The injunction in the Indian proceedings is now of academic interest because
it expired on 29 June 2017.

21 A few days before the injunction in the Indian proceedings was granted,
Sunrise commenced Suit No 8 of 2017 in Singapore against PT OKI on 6 January
2017. In its suit, Sunrise contended that PT OKI breached the terms of the
Supply Contract and Installation Contract. With respect to the Supply
Contract, Sunrise pleaded that PT OKI breached it in the following ways:

(a) changing the description of the FRP-Piping to be supplied under the Supply
Contract;

(b) failing to make advance payments as specified in the time schedules under
the Supply Contract;

(c) failing to procure and furnish the L/C in accordance with the time
schedules contained in the Supply Contract;

(d) delaying the payments due under the Supply Contract; and

(e) failing to release to it the remaining 10% of the contract price, which
amounts to US$832,413.20.

22 In its suit, Sunrise sought a number of reliefs, including an injunction to
restrain PT OKI from calling on and/or receiving any money pursuant to the
Bank Guarantee as well as a declaration that the Bank Guarantee stands
discharged. Sunrise also claimed damages from PT OKI.

23 On 6 January 2017, Sunrise filed an urgent ex parte application, namely,
Summons No 72 of 2017, for the following orders:

(a) an interim injunction to restrain the Bank (whether by itself, its
officers, agents, employees and/or in way) from calling on, and/or receiving
any money pursuant to the Bank Guarantee to restrain it from calling on,
receiving any money under the Bank Guarantee from the time the order was made
until the determination of the action or until further orders;

(b) an injunction to restrain the Bank (whether by itself, its officers,
agents, employees and/or in any way) from making payment of any money under
the Bank Guarantee from the time the order was made until the determination of
the action or until further orders; and

(c) as an alternative to (a) and (b) above, for the sum of US$832,413.20 in
respect of the Bank Guarantee to be paid by the Bank into Court within 14 days
from the date that the order was made, until the determination of the action
or until further orders.

24 The Injunctions against PT OKI and the Bank were ordered on 6 January 2017.

25 On 1 February 2017, PT OKI entered an appearance in Sunrise’s action
against it. Subsequently, Sunrise filed SUM 1510 for fresh Injunctions on the
same terms and PT OKI filed SUM 1940 to discharge the Injunctions.

26 On 24 May 2017, PT OKI formally terminated both the Supply Contract and the
Installation Contract.

27 In its Defence and Counterclaim filed on 24 May 2017, PT OKI sought the
following in relation to the Supply Contract against Sunrise:

(a) a declaration that Sunrise breached the Supply Contract;

(b) a declaration that the purported extension of the delivery deadline for
the last consignment of the goods from 25 November 2015 to 29 February 2016 by
way of the L/C was invalid;

(c) a declaration that the Supply Contract was terminated on or about 24 May
2017; and

(d) alternatively, a declaration that Sunrise’s repudiation of the Supply
Contract was accepted by it on or about 24 May 2017.

The law on performance bonds

28 The nature and effect of performance bonds has been considered by the
courts on numerous occasions. In Arab Banking Corp (BSC) v Boustead Singapore
Ltd [2016] 3 SLR 557 (“Arab Banking”), Sundaresh Menon CJ explained the
purpose of such bonds as follows (at [101]):

… Performance bonds are meant to secure the account party’s secondary
obligation to pay the beneficiary damages if it breaches its primary
contractual obligations. … In general, the beneficiary requests a performance
bond to be opened in its favour so that any payment it claims is due is paid
initially to it, despite the existence of any dispute over its actual
entitlement and over any alleged contractual breaches on the account party’s
part. The financial position of the parties is left to be resolved
subsequently either by agreement or upon the conclusion of proceedings to
resolve the underlying disputes. …

29 A call on a performance bond may be set aside on the ground of fraud or
unconscionability. Fraud involves dishonesty and preventing a call on a
performance bond on the ground of fraud on the part of the party making the
call is an application of the maxim “fraud unravels all”. It is intended to
shield the party who arranged for the guarantee from dishonest demands by the
beneficiary of the bond. A party seeking to restrain a call on a performance
bond on the ground of fraud has to show that the beneficiary knew at the time
the call was made that it is false or that the call was made recklessly, that
is to say, indifferent to whether or not it is a valid demand.

30 Unconscionability on the part of the party who calls on a performance bond
is a separate ground for granting injunctive relief under Singapore law. In
JBE Properties Pte Ltd v Gammon Pte Ltd [2011] 2 SLR 47, Chan Sek Keong CJ
explained (at [11]) that there is no reason why fraud should be the sole
ground for restraining the beneficiary from receiving payment because if it
is, this results in the application of a standard of proof which virtually
assures the beneficiary of immediate payment. More recently, in Arab Banking,
the Court of Appeal explained (at [104]) that the Singapore courts have
developed unconscionability as a distinct ground for injunctive relief against
calls on performance bonds to strike the appropriate balance between the
competing interests at stake and that this ground exists because it is
recognised that there are certain circumstances where it would be unfair for
the beneficiary to realise his security pending resolution of the substantive
dispute even if the account party cannot show that the beneficiary had been
fraudulent in calling on the bond.

31 In BS Mount Sophia Pte Ltd v Join-Aim Pte Ltd [2012] 3 SLR 352 (“BS Mount
Sophia”), the Court of Appeal pointed out (at [19]) that the elements of
unconscionability are fairly uncontroversial and have been variously stated to
include elements of abuse, unfairness and dishonesty. In Raymond Construction
Pte Ltd v Low Yang Tong and another [1996] SGHC 136 (“Raymond Construction”),
Lai Kew Chai J explained (at [5]) in the following oft-cited words what
unconscionability entails:

… The concept of “unconscionability” to me involves unfairness, as distinct
from dishonesty or fraud, or conduct of a kind so reprehensible or lacking in
good faith that a court of conscience would either restrain the party or
refuse to assist the party. Mere breaches of contract by the party in question
… would not by themselves be unconscionable…

[emphasis added]

32 In Dauphin Offshore Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd v The Private Office of
HRH Sheikh Sultan bin Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan [2000] 1 SLR(R) 117 where
Lai Kew Chai J’s elucidation of unconscionability in Raymond Construction was
endorsed by the Court of Appeal, Chao Hick Tin JA, who delivered the judgment
of the court, stated (at [42]) as follows:

We do not think it possible to define “unconscionability” other than to give
some very broad indications such as lack of bona fides. What kind of situation
would constitute unconscionability would have to depend on the facts of each
case. This is a question which the court has to consider on each occasion
where its jurisdiction is invoked. There is no pre-determined categorisation.

33 The threshold for proving fraud or unconscionability is rather high. In
Chartered Electronics Industries Pte Ltd v Development Bank of Singapore
[1992] 2 SLR(R) 20, Chan Sek Keong J, as he then was, held that the standard
of proof required to restrain a call on a performance bond on grounds of fraud
is that of a strong prima facie case (at [40]). As for unconscionability, in
BS Mount Sophia, the Court of Appeal reiterated (at [20]) that a party
applying for an injunction against a call on a performance bond has to
demonstrate a strong prima facie case of unconscionability and stressed that
if calls on a performance bond “are too liberally subject to injunctive relief
from the courts, this security loses its efficacy and the raison d'être of
performance bonds would be eroded or even wholly undermined” (at [24]). It was
thus pointed out that the court’s discretion to grant such an injunction must
be sparingly exercised and it should not be an easy thing for an applicant to
establish a strong prima facie case. In view of this, it may be rather
difficult to set aside a call on a performance bond but that is the nature of
the contractual terms agreed upon between the parties. In Edward Owen
Engineering Ltd v Barclays Bank International Ltd [1978] QB 159, Lord Denning
MR wryly observed that “the English supplier, if he is wise, will take [the
performance guarantee] into account when quoting his price for the contract”
(at 170).

Whether the Injunctions should be discharged

34 The Bank Guarantee is an unconditional on-demand guarantee under which the
Bank irrevocably and unconditionally undertook to pay the sum demanded to PT
OKI immediately and within five banking days from the date of receipt of the
latter’s written demand notwithstanding any challenge to the call by Sunrise
or any other party.

35 PT OKI’s call on the Bank Guarantee complied with the formal requirements
for making the call. In Arab Banking, the Court of Appeal pointed out (at
[60]) that when a proper demand under a bank guarantee has been made, “it is
well established that a guarantor bank is obliged to pay promptly upon a
demand being made by the beneficiary, so long as the demand falls within the
terms of the guarantee.” This is so irrespective of any dispute between the
account party and the beneficiary unless there is fraud or unconscionability
on the part of the party who made the call on the said guarantee.

36 Sunrise contended that the Injunctions should not be discharged because of
fraud and/or unconscionability on PT OKI’s part. It submitted as follows:

(a) PT OKI’s call on the Bank Guarantee was fundamentally flawed as it was
made on the basis of alleged breaches of the Installation Contract which,
unlike breaches of the Supply Contract, are outside the ambit of the said
Guarantee;

(b) the call on the Bank Guarantee should not have been made as Sunrise had
fulfilled all its obligations under the Supply Contract; and

(c) the call on the Bank Guarantee was made in bad faith because the amount
demanded by PT OKI was, in any event, excessive.

37 In SUM 1510, Sunrise also applied for fresh injunctions on the same terms
as the Injunctions.

Whether the call was based on breaches of the Installation Contract

38 It is common ground that the Bank Guarantee covers Sunrise’s performance of
the Supply Contract and not breaches of the Installation Contract.

39 While Sunrise claimed that PT OKI relied on alleged breaches of the
Installation Contract called on the Bank Guarantee, this was vehemently denied
by PT OKI, who insisted that its call was based on Sunrise’s breaches of the
Supply Contract. This was its pleaded position in paragraph 44(a) of its
Defence and Counterclaim. Furthermore, in his affidavit affirmed on 14 June
2017, PT OKI’s Mills Procurement Co-ordinator, Mr Djung Wi Kuang (“Djung”),
reiterated his company’s position at paragraphs 8 and 9 as follows:

8 [PT OKI] has never sought to justify its call on the Bank Guarantee by
relying on [Sunrise’s] breaches of the Installation Contract ….

9 In fact, [Sunrise] itself admits that [PT OKI’s] call on the Bank Guarantee
was in respect of [Sunrise’s] breaches of the [Supply] Contract (as amended).
Paragraph 43 of [Sunrise’s managing director, Kunjukutty’s] 1st affidavit
states:

In its letter of 10 October 2016 to [the Bank], [PT OKI] intentionally falsely
alleged, amongst other things, that [Sunrise] had breached the [Supply
Contract] … by allegedly failing to fulfil its contractual obligations as
stipulated in the [Supply Contract] and that by such reason, [PRI OKI] was
allegedly entitled to exercise its rights under the Bank Guarantee.

[emphasis omitted]

40 As there is no dispute that the Installation Contract is outside the ambit
of the Bank Guarantee, only the alleged breaches of the Supply Contract by
Sunrise will be considered for the purpose of determining whether or not the
Injunctions should be discharged.

Whether there are disputes relating to the Supply Contract

41 What matters at this stage of the proceedings is whether or not there are
genuine disputes between the parties regarding Sunrise’s performance of its
obligations under the Supply Contract. That a party may call on a bank
guarantee issued to it to secure the performance of contractual obligations if
he has a genuine dispute with the party required by the contract to arrange
for the issuance of the said guarantee has been made clear on many occasions
by the courts. In BS Mount Sophia, the Court of Appeal explained (at [52]) as
follows:

There is one point of clarification that we should make here. The Appellant
called on the Bond because it took the position that the Respondent was in
breach of its obligations under the Contract. Even if the Appellant was
mistaken in adopting this position, the call could still be legitimate if this
position was genuinely adopted and the Appellant honestly believed that the
Respondent was in breach. Had there been a genuine dispute apropos the issue
of the Respondent’s breach, then a call under those circumstances may not have
amounted to a lack of bona fides on the part of the Appellant. ... It is not
the court’s role in such proceedings to appraise the merits of the parties’
decisions; but, rather, it is the court’s role to be alive to the lack of bona
fides in those decisions.

[emphasis in original]

42 If there are genuine disputes between the parties, these disputes should,
without more, be considered at the trial, where counsel for both parties will
have the opportunity to cross-examine the witnesses.

43 Sunrise asserted that PT OKI’s call on the Bank Guarantee was fraudulent
and/or unconscionable because there is no room for any genuine dispute between
the parties in relation to the Supply Contract as the goods and additional
goods were delivered on time and complied with the contractual specifications.
Sunrise’s position was strenuously challenged by PT OKI who outlined its case
that its call on the Bank Guarantee was perfectly in order in its written
submissions filed on 20 June 2017, as follows (at paragraph 18(c)):

(i) [PT OKI] had valid grounds for calling on the Bank Guarantee.

(ii) [Sunrise] had breached and remains in breach of the delivery deadlines
under the [Supply Contract]. In addition, to date, the Special Tools (valued
by [Sunrise] itself at [US$] 576,633.60) have not been delivered. Further,
[Sunrise] also delivered non-compliant Goods and over-charged for the same;

(iii) As a result of [Sunrise’s] breaches, in particular [its] breaches of the
delivery deadlines, [Sunrise] is liable to pay [PT OKI] the maximum amount of
liquidated damages due under the [Supply Contract], i.e. 10% of the contract
price. This amounts to [US$] 832,413.20 and is equal to the value of the Bank
Guarantee;

(iv) In the circumstances, there was nothing unfair or dishonest about [PT
OKI’s] call on the Bank Guarantee; and

(v) At the minimum, the contemporaneous documents show that there was a
genuine dispute between parties in the present case, and it was not fraudulent
or unconscionable for [it] to call on the Bank Guarantee where there were
genuine disputes between parties on liability. There is nothing to suggest
that [its] position was not genuine.

44 PT OKI pointed out that its complaints regarding Sunrise’s breaches of the
Supply Contract were made clear to the latter in contemporaneous emails and
letters exchanged between the parties from March to October 2016. In fact, as
early as 3 May 2016, several months before calling on the Bank Guarantee, PT
OKI emailed Sunrise to complain that the goods had not been delivered on time
and that the latter had wrongfully marked up the value of the goods that were
shipped so as to draw more money from the L/C. This rather stinging email was
as follows:

We repeat that Sunrise is in default … for the failures of fulfilling the
obligations in the Contract.

Both advance payment and L/C have already been issued and paid to Sunrise.
Sunrise has knowingly and wrongly marked up the value of the shipped Goods to
claim the entire money under L/C and Installation Contracts despite the
repeated reminder from [PT OKI] that Goods haven’t been shipped totally …
[Sunrise’s] failure to deliver the Goods on time, marking up the value of
Goods with a clear negative intention, as well as not performing the
installation work has caused a damage to our project.

Should Sunrise fail to rectify the defaults, [PT OKI] may and is entitle [sic]
to exercise its right under the Contracts, as [PT OKI] deems appropriate. All
losses, costs, and liquidated damages incurred by [PT OKI] due to Sunrise
failures will be calculated and claimed to Sunrise …

[emphasis added]

45 PT OKI submitted that there is nothing to suggest that its concerns, as set
out in the contemporaneous emails, were not genuine and that Sunrise had
misrepresented to the court that all the supplier’s obligations under the
Supply Contract had been performed. Sunrise contended that these alleged
disputes were not genuine because PT OKI had acknowledged that it had
fulfilled all its obligations under the Supply Contract. As evidence of this,
Sunrise referred to the following:

(a) an email from PT OKI dated 1 April 2016;

(b) the meetings between the parties’ representatives from 4-–7 April 2016;
and

(c) the fact that PT OKI released the final payments under the L/Cs in respect
of the Supply Contracts on 22 April 2016, some 15 days after the said meetings
and 21 days after the email of 1 April 2016.

The email of 1 April 2016

46 The relevant part of the email from PT OKI on 1 April 2016 is as follows:

Now we have the materials, all [tools] and installation materials arrived,
civil contractor is ready standby.

47 PT OKI submitted that Sunrise had deliberately misrepresented the contents
of the said email as it was expressly stated therein that five containers with
manhole covers, tools, resin and other installation items had not cleared
Indonesian customs and that while the “MTOs and Packing list were checked”,
the quantity of the materials had not been physically checked by its
personnel. For this reason, it was specifically pointed out in the email that
PT OKI could not confirm that all materials had been received. I accept that
if the entire email is looked at, there was no concession by PT OKI that
Sunrise had performed all its contractual obligations under the Supply
Contract.

Meetings from 4–7 April 2016

48 Sunrise’s claim that it was clear from the meetings between the parties’
representatives from 4–7 April 2016 that PT OKI accepted that it had fulfilled
all its obligations under the Supply Contract was robustly challenged by the
latter. What transpired at these meetings is hotly contested and involves
findings of fact that are best left to the trial judge after the relevant
witnesses have been cross-examined.

Release of payments under the L/Cs

49 Sunrise also contended that PT OKI must be taken to have accepted that it
has discharged all its obligations under the Supply Contract because the
latter had made full payment of the sums owing to it save for the last 10% of
the contract price and a small sum of US$3,885.91. It argued that had PT OKI
not been satisfied with its performance of the said contract, such a large
part of the purchase price of the goods and additional goods would not have
been paid. This argument lacks foundation because the terms of payment for the
goods and additional goods, as stipulated in the Supply Contract, are as
follows:

(a) the first 10% of the contract price is to be paid after the signing of the
contract;

(b) the next 80% of the contract price is to be paid by letter of credit; and

(c) the final 10% of the contract price is to be paid after PT OKI has issued
the Certificate of Performance Test Acceptance (“CPTA”) to Sunrise.

50 The first 10% of the contract price had to be paid by PT OKI because the
parties signed the Supply Contract. The second payment of 80% of the contract
price had to be paid in accordance with cl 3 of the Supply Contract, which
provides that the L/Cs are to be drawn down proportionally up to 80% of the
value of each shipped plant. As the goods and additional goods were shipped
although two containers remained undelivered, PT OKI had no basis for
withholding the payment of the next 80% of the purchase price of the goods
that were shipped. That being the case, these said payments by PT OKI of the
contract price for the goods and additional goods cannot, without more,
indicate that PT OKI was satisfied with the Sunrise’s performance of the
Supply Contract or that Sunrise had not breached the said contract.

51 I thus find that Sunrise’s allegation that PT OKI had admitted that it had
fulfilled all its obligations under the Supply Contract was not proven. As
such, PT OKI’s contention that there are genuine disputes between the parties
regarding Sunrise’s alleged breaches of the Supply Contract must be
considered.

Contractual deadlines for arrival of goods in Indonesia

52 A major dispute between the parties concerns the late delivery of the goods
and additional goods and whether or not the agreed deadlines for the arrival
of the said goods in Indonesia were extended by agreement.

53 Under the Supply Contract, the goods were to arrive in Indonesia by 25
November 2015 while the additional goods were to arrive there by 15 January
2016. PT OKI stressed that Sunrise knew that these delivery deadlines were
important to it because it was operating under concurrent timelines in
relation to other contractors involved in the Project and that it would incur
significant losses vis-à-vis the other parties if the goods and additional
goods were not delivered on time.

54 If the original delivery deadlines were not extended, Sunrise would be
liable in damages for delayed delivery of the goods and additional goods
because these goods arrived after the said deadlines. The Supply Contract
provided for damages for delayed delivery at the following rates:

(a) 1.5% of the total contract price for each full week of delay for the first
four weeks; and

(b) 2.5% of the total contract price for each following full week of delayed
delivery.

55 As mentioned earlier, the total amount of liquidated damages payable for
delayed delivery was capped at 10% of the purchase price of the goods and
additional goods and this cap would be reached as soon as there had been a
delay of six weeks. PT OKI submitted that as the delayed delivery of the goods
and additional goods exceeded six weeks, it was entitled to liquidated damages
of US$832,413.20, which is the amount claimed under the Bank Guarantee. As
such, it had no doubt that it had a right to call on the Bank Guarantee.

56 Sunrise contended that PT OKI was not entitled to rely on the original
delivery deadlines because these deadlines were extended by agreement on 23
December 2015 when PT OKI amended the “latest date of shipment” in the L/Cs
for the goods and additional goods to 29 February 2016, which was after the
delivery deadlines had passed. Sunrise also took the position that by amending
the L/Cs and taking delivery of the goods supplied in accordance with the
amended latest date of shipment, PT OKI had waived its right to insist that
the goods and additional goods were to be delivered before the expiry of the
original delivery deadlines. It pointed out that as the relevant commercial
invoices, packing lists and bills of lading showed that all the required goods
were shipped by 29 February 2016, PT OKI was not entitled to call on the Bank
Guarantee on the ground of delayed delivery of the goods and additional goods.

57 For good measure, Sunrise further submitted that PT OKI was not entitled to
complain about delayed delivery because the amendment of the latest date for
shipment in the L/Cs was necessitated by the latter’s delay in opening the
L/Cs required under the Supply Contract.

58 PT OKI disagreed that the original delivery deadlines were extended by the
amendment of the latest date of shipping in the L/Cs to 29 February 2016 and
noted that there is nothing in the L/Cs or in any of the contemporaneous
documents that suggested that it had waived Sunrise’s breach of the Supply
Contract by failing to meet the original delivery deadlines. PT OKI pointed
out that by the time this amendment was made on 23 December 2015, Sunrise was
already in breach because the original delivery deadlines had passed. It also
claimed that it had to extend the deadline for the shipment of the goods in
the L/Cs because if it did not, Sunrise would not have been able to draw on
the L/Cs because of non-compliant documentation. In such a case, Sunrise would
have refused to ship the goods and additional goods to it and the progress of
the Project would have been delayed. PT OKI pointed out that had this
occurred, it would have incurred heavy losses.

59 Clearly, there is a dispute as to whether the change of the shipment date
in the L/Cs relieved Sunrise of its obligation to deliver the goods and
additional goods before the expiry of the original delivery deadlines. There
is no reason for me to find that this dispute is not genuine or that the
dispute does not merit further investigation at the trial. As such, PT OKI is
entitled to call on the Bank Guarantee on the basis of the delayed delivery of
the goods and additional goods by more than six weeks.

Retention by PT OKI of final 10% of contract price

60 I now turn to Sunrise’s argument that it is fraudulent and/or
unconscionable for PT OKI to call on the Bank Guarantee for an amount
equivalent to 10% of the contract price under the Supply Contract because the
latter is already holding on to the final 10% of the contract price for the
goods supplied under the said contract.

61 PT OKI submitted that Sunrise’s argument is erroneous because the latter is
not yet entitled to payment of the final 10% of the contract price (the “final
10%”) which, in any case, has nothing to do with delayed delivery of goods.

62 By virtue of cl 3.1 of the Supply Contract, the final 10% is payable only
upon issuance of the CPTA. Clause 1 of Annex III of the Installation Contract
defines the CPTA as a certificate issued by PT OKI upon confirmation that,
among other things, the plant in the Project has operated in a trouble-free
condition during the performance test periods and if there is no deficiency in
the plant which could hinder the planned operations on the Project. PT OKI
pointed out that the Supply Contract provided for the final 10% of the
contract price to be paid only after the issuance of the CPTA in order to
ensure that the goods and additional goods supplied to PT OKI operated
properly. As such, the retention of the final 10% of the contract price has
nothing to do with its claim for damages for the delayed delivery or non-
delivery of the goods and additional goods.

63 It is common ground that the CPTA has not been issued. It cannot, without
more, be said that PT OKI has acted fraudulently and/or unconscionably by
retaining the final 10% of the purchase price of the goods and additional
goods at this juncture while calling on the Bank Guarantee.

64 Sunrise contended that PT OKI’s retention of the final 10% of the said
purchase price must be viewed in the context of the latter’s unreasonable
and/or wilful refusal to issue the CPTA although the Project has been
completed and the goods supplied by it under the Supply Contract have been
utilised. Undoubtedly, PT OKI cannot deliberately refuse to issue the CPTA in
order to deny Sunrise the final 10% of the purchase price. However, whether PT
OKI has deliberately or wilfully refused to issue the CPTA cannot be
determined on the basis of affidavit evidence without the benefit of testing
the veracity of assertions made in the said affidavits through cross-
examination of the witnesses. As such, there can be no finding at this stage
that PT OKI’s call on the Bank Guarantee is fraudulent and/or unconscionable
merely because it was made when the final 10% of the purchase price under the
said contract has not been paid to Sunrise.

Delivery of off-specification goods

65 PT OKI asserted that its right to call on the Bank Guarantee on the ground
of delayed delivery of goods is buttressed by Sunrise’s further breach of the
Supply Contract by supplying some non-compliant goods to it. Its case is that
Sunrise unilaterally changed the specifications of some of the goods and
overcharged it for the non-compliant goods.

66 According to PT OKI, Sunrise contracted to supply manholes with heights
ranging between 2,130mm and 4,810mm but the latter unilaterally changed the
designs of the manholes and delivered manholes with heights ranging between
720mm and 4,140mm. PT OKI also complained that while the Supply Contract
called for the delivery of 16 manholes with heights of 2,620mm, Sunrise’s
unilateral change of the designs of these manholes resulted in only 15 of them
being required. Despite this, Sunrise charged the full contract price for
these non-compliant manholes and for the manhole that was not required.

67 Sunrise’s response to the complaint about non-compliant goods was that the
contractual specifications were altered by PT OKI and the contract did not
require an adjustment of prices in such a situation. Sunrise asked the court
to note that whether compliant or not, all the manholes supplied by it had
been utilised by PT OKI. However, PT OKI retorted that it had to incur costs
in rectifying the manholes that did not comply with specifications before they
could be utilised. In fact, in its Counterclaim against Sunrise, PT OKI
claimed the sum of IDR7,080,400 in respect of costs incurred to modify certain
goods and additional goods so that they could be utilised for the Project.

68 There is nothing to suggest that PT OKI’s concerns about non-compliant
goods were fraudulent or unconscionable and the court is in no position to
find on the basis of affidavit evidence that the allegation of non–compliant
manholes does not merit further investigation at the trial. Admittedly, if it
is proven at the trial that there were non-compliant goods, the damages to
which PT OKI is entitled for this particular breach may not amount to 10% of
the contract price, which is the amount claimed by it under the Bank
Guarantee. However, this alleged breach may be taken into account with other
alleged breaches and, in particular, the alleged delayed delivery of the goods
and additional goods when assessing whether PT OKI’s call on the said
guarantee is fraudulent and/or unconscionable.

Non-delivery of Special Tools

69 Another dispute between Sunrise and PT OKI concerns the non-delivery of two
containers, in which were packed “tools, special tools, consumables, plant and
machineries” (the “Special Tools”) required for the installation of the FRP-
Piping for the Project. The non-delivery of the Special Tools was relied on by
PT OKI to show that Sunrise has not fully performed its obligations under the
Supply Contract.

70 According to PT OKI, the Special Tools were to be shipped together with the
main equipment, failing which they were to be shipped on a “delivery duty
paid” (“DDP”) basis, which means that the seller has to pay for all costs
associated with transporting of the goods until they are received by the
buyer. Such costs include export and import duties as well as insurance.
Although the Special Tools, which reached Indonesia on 24 March 2016, were not
shipped together with the main equipment, the shipping documents indicated
that the delivery terms were on a cost and freight basis and not on a DDP
basis. Furthermore, according to PT OKI, the shipping documents did not
accurately describe the Special Tools. PT OKI wanted Sunrise to amend the
shipping documents to correct the alleged errors and to make it clear that the
goods were shipped to Indonesia on a DDP basis. However, despite repeated
requests for the amendments to be made, Sunrise did not amend the documents.
On 17 May 2016, the Directorate General of Customs and Excise of South Sumatra
informed PT OKI in writing that if the duties on the Special Tools were not
promptly paid, the goods would be processed in accordance with prevailing
Indonesian regulations. As neither party budged from their entrenched
positions, the two containers of Special Tools were left with the Indonesian
customs authorities and are apparently still being held by them.

71 The position in relation to the Special Tools is rather problematic. To
begin with, it is not altogether clear from the affidavits and arguments
advanced by the parties whether they fall within the ambit of the Supply
Contract or Installation Contract. PT OKI insisted that cl 3.1 of Annex III of
the Supply Contract makes it clear that the Special Tools are within the ambit
of the said contract as it provides:

The delivery of the Plant shall include, within the delivery limits given in
Annex IV, without any extra charge to [PT OKI], all goods which, even if not
specifically mentioned in flow sheets or in other Annexes and Appendices in
the Contract, are necessary for the completion, function, operation and
maintenance of the Plant to form a complete functional unit for the Project in
accordance with this Contract so that the specified products for the Plant can
be produced in specified quantities and qualities.

[emphasis added]

72 On the other hand, Sunrise pointed out that the Special Tools fell within
the ambit of the Installation Contract because the scope of the Installation
Contract is described as “LUMPSUM INSTALLATION & SUPERVISION (INCL HEAVY
EQUIPMENTS, TOOLS, WITHHOLDING TAX, ACCOMMODATION & MEALS)”. Furthermore, the
word “goods” is defined in the Installation Contract to mean “all machinery
and equipment with auxiliaries and materials for the project supplied by
Purchaser to be installed and maintenance tools required supplied by Purchaser
to set up a complete Plant as specified in the Contract” [emphasis added].
Sunrise insisted that the non-delivery of these tools could not be a reason
for PT OKI to call on the Bank Guarantee, which only covers breaches of the
Supply Contract.

73 Sunrise contended that whether or not the Special Tools are within the
ambit of the Supply Contract need not be further considered because PT OKI had
conceded that these tools are within the scope of the Installation Contract.
To begin with, Sunrise relied on an affidavit dated 16 November 2016 filed by
Mr Hendy Edi Sutikno (“Sutikno”) on behalf of PT OKI in the Indian
proceedings. However, when this affidavit is closely examined, it will be seen
that Sutikno insisted at paragraph 21 that the Special Tools had already been
paid for by PT OKI according to the agreed terms of payment under the Supply
Contract. As such, he did not concede that the Special Tools are not within
the ambit of the Supply Contrast.

74 Sunrise also submitted that PT OKI admitted in email exchanges between the
parties from 18 March 2016 to 2 May 2016 that the Special Tools are within the
ambit of the Installation Contract because the heading for the emails was
described as the Installation Contract. However, PT OKI, which pointed out
that the chain of emails in question was started by Sunrise, who inserted the
heading, contended that while its staff did not bother to change the heading
for the emails, what was crucial was that they made it amply clear in the
emails that PT OKI regarded the Special Tools as part of the equipment
required under to Supply Contract. PT OKI referred to its emails on 18 and 23
March 2016, where it insisted that the shipment of the Special Tools should be
made on a DDP basis and that all charges under the shipment, including
“clearance, import duty, VAT [and] income tax” were to be borne by Sunrise. As
only the Supply Contract made provision for delivery of goods on a DDP basis,
it should have been clear to Sunrise that PT OKI did not accept that the
Special Tools fell within the ambit of the Installation Contract.

75 As for Sunrise’s argument that the Special Tools are within the ambit of
the Installation Contract because they were included in its Commercial
Invoices Nos E-52 and E-53, which were issued pursuant to the Installation
Contracts, PT OKI pointed that it had consistently objected to the inclusion
of the Special Tools in these two invoices. In any case, at the material time,
Sunrise should not have issued any invoices under the Installation Contract
because the first payment of 20% under this contract is due and payable “2
months after the arrival of the Supplier’s Supervisor(s) working continuously
at the Mill Site”. PT OKI noted that as Sunrise failed to send the required
supervisors to supervise the Installation Works for the required period, no
payment was due to the latter under the Installation Contract at the material
time.

76 Sunrise submitted that even if the Special Tools were within the ambit of
the Supply Contract and not the Installation Contract, the liquidated damages
clause is likely to be unenforceable in relation to the non-delivery of these
tools because it would be regarded as a penalty clause. The reason for this is
that damage or loss resulting from the alleged non-delivery of the Special
Tools is unlikely to amount to US$832,413.20, which is the sum called upon
under the Bank Guarantee. However, PT OKI’s complaints against Sunrise that
led to its call on the said Guarantee were not limited to the non-delivery of
the Special Tools. As explained earlier, PT OKI also claimed that it was
entitled to the maximum liquidated damages provided for under the Supply
Contract on the basis that Sunrise delivered other goods and additional goods
late and supplied some non-compliant goods. As such, whether or not the
liquidated damages clause is or is not to be struck down as a penalty clause
cannot be determined solely on the basis of PT OKI’s claim for damages for the
non-delivery of the Special Tools.

77 There is clearly a dispute between the parties as to whether the Special
Tools fall within the ambit of the Supply Contract or Installation Contract.
There is also a dispute regarding the delivery of the Special Tools and
responsibility for payment of the duty on the said Tools. These genuine
disputes should be resolved at the trial and may, at this stage of
proceedings, be relied on by PT OKI in combination with its other claims to
make a call on the Bank Guarantee.

Whether the call on the Bank Guarantee was for an excessive amount

78 Sunrise contended that PT OKI’s call on the Bank Guarantee was made in bad
faith as the amount demanded under the Bank Guarantee was excessive. It
pointed out that the crux of PT OKI’s allegations against it concerns the
alleged late delivery under the Supply Contract, in respect of which the
maximum liquidated damages under the contract is only 10% of the contract
price. In contrast, PT OKI contended that it did not claim an excessive amount
under the Bank Guarantee and that Sunrise is fully aware that the quantum of
its claims for breaches of the Supply Contract exceeded the value of the Bank
Guarantee.

79 A call on a performance bond should not be made for an excessive amount.
Where an excessive amount is claimed, the court may, in the exercise of its
equitable jurisdiction, reduce it. The court is not obliged to restrain the
call on the bond altogether. In Eltraco International Pte Ltd v CGH
Development Pte Ltd [2000] 3 SLR(R) 198 (“Eltraco”), where the respondent
employer employed the appellant as the main contractor for super-structure
works of a proposed service apartment building development, the Court of
Appeal accepted that as there were genuine disputes between the parties with
respect to liability for defects in the building works and the cost of
rectification works, the respondent could not be faulted for calling on the
performance bond furnished to them. However, as the amount demanded by them,
namely S$2.43m, which was the entire amount of the bond, was more than what
was required for the rectification works, the amount payable to the respondent
was reduced by the court. Chao Hick Tin JA pointed out (at [36]) that in
restraining a beneficiary from calling on a bond on the ground of
unconscionability, the court is exercising an equitable jurisdiction and may
limit the restraint to only that part of the call which was clearly excessive
and allow the other part, a call which is not unconscionable, to remain. He
added that to restrain the entire call on a performance bond when part of it
is clearly not unconscionable would be inconsistent with the object of
exercising equitable jurisdiction in such a case, which is to achieve equity
and justice and not to punish the beneficiary for making an excessive call.

80 PT OKI pointed out that Sunrise’s breach of the delivery deadlines already
entitled it to claim liquidated damages of 10% of price of the goods, which
was the same amount claimed under the call on the Bank Guarantee. Furthermore,
PT OKI also claimed damages from Sunrise for the non-delivery of the Special
Tools as well as damages for the delivery of non-compliant goods, which
necessitated the incurring of costs to modify them to fit the purposes for
which they were purchased. PT OKI thus contended that if all the circumstances
are taken into account, there was nothing unfair or dishonest about its call
on the Bank Guarantee for 10% of the price of the goods as its different
claims, if upheld, would exceed the amount claimed under the call on said
Guarantee.

81 I find that it cannot be said at this juncture that the call on the entire
amount of the Bank Guarantee is excessive or was made in bad faith. As such,
there is no reason for the amount claimed under the said Guarantee to be
trimmed.

Whether PT OKI is entitled to recover all monies paid to Sunrise

82 PT OKI also sought to justify its call on the Bank Guarantee on the basis
that it is entitled under cl 16 of Annex III of the Supply Contract to
terminate the said contract on account of Sunrise’s breaches and recover all
payments which it has made to Sunrise under the Supply Contract, together with
interest at 12% per annum. The relevant part of cl 16 provides as follows:

16.1 The Purchaser shall be entitled to unilaterally terminate this Contract
…:

….

c) if the delivery of the Plant has been delayed so much that the Purchaser is
entitled to the maximum amount of liquidated damages as stated in the Contract
Text …

….

Should the Contract … be terminated for a reason due to the Supplier as stated
in Clause 16.1 above, the Supplier shall return all paid payments received by
him with 12% annual interest calculated from the date of each payment to the
pay-back date of the respective payment and the Purchaser shall be entitled to
recover all reasonable damages and additional reasonable expenses for any loss
caused by the termination due to the Supplier or otherwise mutually agreed by
the Parties. …

83 As I am satisfied that PT OKI is entitled to call on the Bank Guarantee for
reasons stated earlier on in this judgment, I need not consider the effect of
cl 16. While I will leave it to the trial judge to consider the effect of the
said clause, I should add that I must not be taken to have accepted that PT
OKI is entitled under the Supply Contract to a refund of all the money it has
paid to Sunrise.

Whether the call on the Bank Guarantee affects Sunrise’s reputation

84 Finally, Sunrise’s point that PT OKI’s call on the Bank Guarantee should be
restrained on the ground that it damages its reputation may be briefly
considered. In his affidavit affirmed on 6 January 2017, Kunjukutty stated at
paragraph 59 as follows:

If the Defendants are not restrained from respectively calling on, and paying
on, the Bank Guarantee, they are threatening to do so. I they do so, the
Plaintiff will suffer loss … including having its credit worthiness
blacklisted, potentially facing legal actions from its creditors and a
winding-up action being commenced against it. …

The same point was made in Sunrise’s Statement of Claim at paragraph 32.

85 In Bocotra Construction Pte Ltd and others v Attorney-General [1995] 2
SLR(R) 262, the Court of Appeal pointed out (at [51]) that if damage to
reputation is accepted generally as a form of irreparable damage, “[b]ank
guarantees and performance bonds will become practically worthless since in
every case, all that the plaintiffs have to show is that they have some valid
interest in protecting their commercial reputation.” This, the court added,
negatives the purpose of performance bonds and, in effect, rewrites the
underlying agreement between the parties because it precludes a call for
payment if some vague notice of damage to reputation can be said to arise. It
follows that the fear that the call on the Bank Guarantee will affect
Sunrise’s reputation and business is, by itself, not relevant to whether PT
OKI’s call on the Bank Guarantee was made fraudulently and/or unconscionably.

Conclusion and costs

86 There are genuine disputes between the parties on a number of issues
relevant to PT OKI’s call on the Bank Guarantee. Bearing in mind that the
threshold for proving fraud or unconscionability in order to restrain a call
on a performance bond is rather high and courts should not unnecessarily
interfere with contractual arrangements freely entered into by Sunrise and PT
OKI, I find that the former did not prove that there is a strong prima facie
case that the latter’s call on the Bank Guarantee was either fraudulent and/or
unconscionable. Undoubtedly, Sunrise may feel that it is unfair that PT OKI
should be allowed to call on the Bank Guarantee but as the Court of Appeal
pointed out in Eltraco (at [30]), while there would be an element of
unfairness in every instance of unconscionability, the reverse is not
necessarily true and it does not mean that whenever there is unfairness, there
is unconscionability. It follows that PT OKI succeeds in SUM 1940 to set aside
the Injunctions obtained by Sunrise on 6 January 2017 and Sunrise fails in SUM
1510 to obtain fresh Injunctions on the same terms.

87 PT OKI is entitled to costs to be taxed if not agreed.

Tan Lee Meng  
Senior Judge

Christopher Anand Daniel, Ganga Avadiar and Eileen Yeo Yi Ling (Advocatus Law
LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Sushil Nair, Darius Bragassam and Teo Wei Ling (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
first defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

