Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 248

Suit No 113 of 2018 (Summons No 1488 of 2018)

Between

(1)| Sea Trucks Offshore Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Consolidated Projects Ltd  
(3)| West African Ventures (C.I.) Ltd  
(4)| Sea Trucks Group Limited (in liquidation)  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Jacobus Johannes Roomans  
---|---  
(2)| Mariah Binte Mahat  
(3)| Al Shouf Trading FZC  
(4)| Kwong Soon Engineering Company Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Civil procedure] — [Mareva injunctions] — [Variation of disclosure
obligations ancillary to Mareva injunctions]

[Civil procedure] — [Mareva injunctions] — [Filing of affidavit disclosing
existence of foreign proceedings brought on the basis of information
disclosed]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sea Trucks Offshore Ltd and others

  

v

  

Roomans, Jacobus Johannes and others

[2018] SGHC 248

High Court — Suit No 113 of 2018 (Summons No 1488 of 2018)  
Andrew Ang SJ  
14 May, 8 June 2018

16 November 2018

Andrew Ang SJ:

Introduction

1 This application pertains to the circumstances in which a party subject to a
Mareva injunction and the ancillary disclosure obligations within it can apply
to the court to limit the said disclosure obligations to the sums restrained
by the Mareva injunction.

2 The parties before the court are parties to an underlying suit in the High
Court. The plaintiffs had commenced an action against the four defendants for
certain payments that were allegedly made wrongfully and sought to recover
them. On 28 February 2018, the plaintiffs obtained a Mareva injunction against
the first and second defendants which prohibited them from dealing with assets
up to a certain value and requiring them to disclose the details of all their
assets. Pursuant to the Mareva injunction, the first and second defendants
filed three joint affidavits of disclosure, in which they disclosed the
details of some, but not all, of their assets. In Summons No 1488 of 2018
(“SUM 1488”), the first and second defendants applied to the court for the
following orders:

(a) that their disclosure obligations under the Mareva injunction be varied on
the basis that the assets that they had disclosed were sufficient to meet the
sums restrained by the Mareva injunction and thus further disclosure would
serve no purpose but would continue to be an intrusion upon their privacy;

(b) that the plaintiffs give certain undertakings not to use the information
disclosed for the purposes of civil or criminal proceedings in foreign
jurisdictions; and

(c) that the plaintiffs disclose by affidavit whether they had commenced
proceedings, used information, sought enforcement of the Mareva injunction or
sought an order of a similar nature that would have required leave of the
court had the said undertakings been given on the date that the Mareva
injunction was issued.

3 After hearing the arguments by the parties on 14 May 2018 and further
arguments by the parties on 8 June 2018, I disallowed the application to vary
the disclosure obligations under the Mareva injunction. Further, while I
agreed with the first and second defendants that it was appropriate to order
the plaintiffs to furnish the relevant undertakings, I did not think it was
necessary for the plaintiffs to make the disclosure sought by the first and
second defendants by way of affidavit. As the first and second defendants have
appealed against my decision in respect of the first and third prayers above,
I now set out the reasons for my decision. The plaintiffs have not appealed
against my decision in respect of the second prayer and thus I will not
address that issue in these grounds of decision.

Facts

The parties

4 The first to third plaintiffs are Sea Trucks Offshore Ltd, Consolidated
Projects Ltd and West African Ventures (C.I.) Ltd. They were in the business
of providing, amongst other things, marine support services to major oil and
construction companies in West Africa since the late 1970s. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim, Amendment No 1, paras 1–2.

All three companies were subsidiaries of the fourth plaintiff, Sea Trucks
Group Limited (in liquidation), which was placed in liquidation in June 2017
after it defaulted on certain bonds that it had issued to its creditors. The
fourth plaintiff currently acts under the direction of its liquidators. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim, Amendment No 1, paras 5–6.

5 The fourth plaintiff had been founded by the first defendant, Jacobus
Johannes Roomans, who was a director of the first to third plaintiffs until
early 2017 and of the fourth plaintiff from October 2015 to December 2016. He
was removed from the board of directors of the fourth plaintiff following its
default on the bonds that it had issued. The second defendant, Mariah Binte
Mahat, is the first defendant’s partner. She too had been a director in the
fourth plaintiff and was also ousted from the board in December 2016 as a
result of the bond default. It should be noted, however, that the second
defendant had confirmed that in spite of her appointment, she had not provided
any services for any of the plaintiffs. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Claim, Amendment No 1, paras 4–5, 27–28 and 33.

6 The third and fourth defendants, Al Shouf Trading FZC and Kwong Soon
Engineering Company Pte Ltd, were companies that were closely related to the
first and second defendants and had various dealings with the fourth
plaintiff. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Claim, Amendment No 1, paras 40–45.

These companies, however, played no part in the present application, which
squarely focused on the disclosure obligations of the first and second
defendants.

The underlying claim and the Mareva injunction

7 After the fourth plaintiff was placed in liquidation in June 2017, its
liquidators started investigations into the prior acts of the first and second
defendants. According to the plaintiffs, it was discovered that the first and
second defendants had been engaged in various improper transactions. Pursuant
to the liquidators’ directions, on 2 February 2018, the first to third
plaintiffs commenced Suit No 113 of 2018 against all four defendants, making
the following claims. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions in SUM 2031, para 2.

(a) First, that the first defendant had mismanaged the plaintiffs in breach of
his directors’ duties and fiduciary duties, in the sense that he had dealt
with the assets of the plaintiffs interchangeably with the assets of another
company that he owned. In particular, this was of concern to the creditors who
held bonds issued by the fourth plaintiff, as they only held security over the
assets of the fourth plaintiff and not the company that the first defendant
owned. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of Claim, Amendment No 1, paras 48(a), 48(e) and 49.

(b) Secondly, that the defendants had caused the second plaintiff to make
inflated payments to the fourth defendant, allegedly to take into account
certain sums to be paid by the fourth defendant to the third defendant under a
consultancy agreement, The plaintiffs alleged that the consultancy agreement
was a sham and that the defendants needed to return the sums paid. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Statement of Claim, Amendment No 1, para 59.

(c) Thirdly, that the first and second defendants had caused monthly payments
to be made to the second defendant and the son of the first and second
defendants, despite the fact that neither had contributed to any of the
plaintiffs. Although the second defendant had been a director of the fourth
plaintiff, she admitted that she did not make any contributions to any of the
plaintiffs (see [5] above); and as for their son, he was three years old when
he first began receiving monthly payments and obviously could not have
contributed to the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs alleged that these sums were
paid in order to circumvent the limit on the remuneration that the first
defendant could receive from the plaintiffs. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Statement of Claim, Amendment No 1, paras 67–73.

8 It is evident from the foregoing that a large portion of the plaintiffs’
claims focused on sums of money paid by one or more of the plaintiffs to one
or more of the defendants, and that the central plank of the plaintiffs’
claims was that the first and second defendants had been the central movers of
the scheme alleged to have been hatched and carried out. In the light of these
claims, the issue of the location and details of the first and second
defendants’ assets becomes critical, because if the plaintiffs had no means of
ensuring that the said assets were not moved, then they ran the risk of
obtaining nothing more than a paper judgment.

9 Although the suit was initially commenced by the first to third plaintiffs,
the fourth plaintiff was later added as a party to the suit. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See Summons No 1128 of 2018 dated 7 March 2018.

10 On the same day, the plaintiffs filed Summons No 633 of 2018, seeking to
obtain an ex parte worldwide Mareva injunction against the first and second
defendants. On 28 February 2018, I heard the plaintiffs ex parte and was
satisfied that the requirements for such an injunction were met. I therefore
granted the Mareva injunction, under which the first and second defendants
were restrained from disposing or dealing with their assets up to the value of
US$25,350,328.85 and US$7,385,310 respectively. These sums corresponded to the
value of the plaintiffs’ claims against them as indicated in the statement of
claim. In addition, para 6 of the Mareva injunction required the first and
second defendants to disclose all of their assets by way of affidavit. It is
helpful to set out para 6 of the Mareva injunction in full: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PBOD filed in SUM 2031, Tab A.

Disclosure of information

6\. The 1st and 2nd Defendants must inform the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Plaintiffs in
writing at once of all their assets whether in or outside Singapore and
whether in their own name or not and whether solely or jointly owned, giving
the value, location and details of all such assets. The information must be
confirmed in an affidavit which must be served on the 1st, 2nd and 3rd
Plaintiffs’ solicitors within fourteen (14) days after this order has been
served on the 1st and 2nd Defendants.

11 Although para 6 of the Mareva injunction did not specifically identify
assets of the first and second defendants to be disclosed, para 3 of the
Mareva injunction states that the restraint on the assets of the first and
second defendants “includes, without limitation, the following assets”:

(a) a list of five bank accounts owned by the first defendant and another five
bank accounts owned by the second defendant;

(b) a list of 12 companies in which the first defendant had shareholding
interest in; and

(c) a list of three real properties owned by the first defendant and another
one such property owned by the second defendant.

Thus, it would be expected that the first and second defendants should, at
minimum, disclose information relating to these assets.

12 It should also be noted that para 6 of the Mareva injunction corresponds
exactly to para 2 of Form 7 of Appendix A of the Supreme Court Practice
Directions, 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PBOD filed in SUM 2031, Tab D, p 76.

which is the standard form in which a Mareva injunction would be issued. In
other words, the disclosure obligations that were imposed on the first and
second defendants by the Mareva injunction were ordinary and not exceptional.
I will return to this point later as it is a significant one in evaluating
whether the variation of this disclosure obligation should be granted.

13 The claim documents and the Mareva injunction were served on the first and
second defendants on 3 March 2018. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions in SUM 2031, para 7.

Initial partial provision of information by the first and second defendants

14 On 12 March 2018, the first and second defendants’ lawyers wrote to the
plaintiffs’ lawyers, stating, amongst other things, that the terms of the
disclosure order within the Mareva injunction were “too wide and ought to be
limited to information on all assets whether in or outside Singapore amounting
to [the sums claimed in the statement of claim]”. They therefore asked if the
plaintiffs were agreeable to a variation of the disclosure obligation to this
effect. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

DBOD filed in SUM 1488 (Further Arguments), Tab 4, Second Joint Affidavit of
the first and second defendants dated 3 April 2018, pp 20–21.

This proposal was rejected by the plaintiffs’ lawyers on 14 March 2018 on the
basis that limiting the assets to be disclosed in this manner would render the
Mareva injunction “pyrrhic and ineffective”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

DBOD filed in SUM 1488 (Further Arguments), Tab 4, Second Joint Affidavit of
the first and second defendants dated 3 April 2018, pp 22–23.

15 Faced with the plaintiffs’ refusal, the first and second defendants had no
choice but to file an affidavit in order to comply with their disclosure
obligations. Their first joint affidavit dated 19 March 2018 was thus filed on
20 March 2018, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

DBOD filed in SUM 2031, Tab 2.

although it should be noted that the said affidavit was initially sworn on 17
March 2018 and sent to the plaintiffs’ lawyers on 19 March 2018. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PBOD filed in SUM 2031, Tab E, p 100.

That initial version of the affidavit was discovered to have contained certain
errors, which required the revised affidavit filed on 20 March 2018 to
rectify. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defendants’ Skeletal Submissions in SUM 1488, para 13.

16 The first joint affidavit disclosed information pertaining to the first and
second defendants’ assets in 13 bank accounts, which included all ten of the
bank accounts listed in para 3 of the Mareva injunction (see [11] above). The
affidavit also disclosed information pertaining to three real properties owned
by the first and second defendants, which, however, only included one of the
four properties listed in para 3 of the Mareva injunction as being subject to
the restraint. It was evident from the face of the affidavit that there had
been no information disclosed by the first and second defendants in relation
to the 12 companies that the first defendant had shares in and the three real
properties owned by the first defendant in the Netherlands and Nigeria.

17 No attempt was made by the first and second defendants to explain why they
did not provide information in relation to the 12 companies and three real
properties even though these assets were specifically listed in para 3 of the
Mareva injunction as being subject to the restraint. Instead, the first and
second defendants simply stated in the affidavit that further information
would need to be obtained, coupled with an assurance that an update would be
provided to the court and to the plaintiffs “as soon as possible”:

3\. … Since the time [the Mareva injunction] was served on us, we have been
gathering information on our assets to answer the Freezing Injunction. It has
been a time-consuming process and we set out in the affidavit our assets, as
far as we have been able to determine at this point in time. When further
information is available we will update this Honourable Court.

7\. … We will provide an update by affidavit when we receive information from
the banks from which we have yet to hear on our bank balances at the date of
this affidavit. We are also ascertaining if we have any other assets that are
to be disclosed pursuant to the Freezing Injunction and we will provide this
Honourable Court and the Plaintiffs’ solicitors with an update as soon as
possible.

[emphasis added]

18 On 19 March 2018, the plaintiffs’ lawyers responded to the initial version
of the first joint affidavit that had been sent to them. They inquired about
the shares and real property that had been identified in para 3 of the Mareva
injunction but did not feature in the affidavit, and asked for the reasons for
the non-disclosure of the information pertaining to these assets. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PBOD filed in SUM 2031, Tab D, p 85.

19 The first and second defendants’ lawyers replied on 22 March 2018, stating
their belief that there was no further utility to disclosing further
information about their assets, given that they had already disclosed assets
of more than US$35m in value, which exceeded the sums restrained by the Mareva
injunction. It is helpful to set out the relevant parts of that letter in
full: 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PBOD filed in SUM 2031, Tab D, p 86.

2\. … It is clear from the said joint affidavit that our clients have
disclosed assets of more than US$35million in value which is greater in
aggregate value or amount than required to in the Freezing Injunction. If
there is any doubt on the sufficiency of assets disclosed by Mr Roomans, our
clients are prepared to file a further affidavit that the monies in the joint
accounts may be used to satisfy any judgment against Mr Roomans that your
clients may obtain in the above-captioned proceedings.

3\. Our clients’ position is that the purpose of the order to disclose assets
is to ensure that the asset value of the Freezing Injunction is kept in a
steady state. The amounts disclosed by our clients have satisfied this purpose
and, consequently, our clients regard the purpose of the disclosure order to
be satisfied. We therefore invite your clients to agree to a variation of the
Freezing Injunction to the effect that upon disclosing assets to the value
referred to in the Freezing Injunction (i.e. USD25,350,328.85 in respect of
the 1st Defendant and USD7,385,310.00 in respect of the 2nd Defendant), no
further obligation is imposed on our clients to declare any additional assets.

20 While the issue of the undisclosed information pertaining to the shares and
real property owned by the first defendant was not directly addressed, it was
clear that the first and second defendants considered that they did not need
to disclose this information despite the assets being specifically named in
para 3 of the Mareva injunction. Further, similar to the assurance made in the
first joint affidavit, another assurance was given in this letter to the
effect that the first defendant would be prepared to file a further affidavit
stating that the assets were sufficient to meet any judgment that could be
obtained by the plaintiffs.

21 Unsurprisingly, the plaintiffs’ lawyers replied on 23 March 2018 in a
strongly-worded letter, stating that it was not for the defendants to
“unilaterally decide how much disclosure of their assets to provide” given the
express scope of the disclosure obligation within the Mareva injunction. They
noted that the first and second defendants’ failure to disclose was “not by
reason of inadvertence or the constraint of time or circumstance, but by
choice”, and thus the plaintiffs were left “with little choice but to take the
necessary steps to enforce the Freezing Injunction”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PBOD filed in SUM 2031, Tab D, p 88.

Summons to vary the first and second defendants’ disclosure obligations

22 There was no further reply to this letter. Instead, it appears that having
been faced with the prospect of an application for committal by the
plaintiffs, the first and second defendants then filed SUM 1488 on 28 March
2018 seeking to vary their disclosure obligations. In their second joint
affidavit dated 3 April 2018 filed in support of SUM 1488, the first and
second defendants also made clear what had previously been implicit: that
while they were under an obligation to disclose all their assets, 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DBOD filed in SUM 1488 (Further Arguments), Tab 4, Second Joint Affidavit of
the first and second defendants dated 3 April 2018, para 8.

they chose not to do so because “no further purpose would be served by [them]
disclosing any assets beyond the values stated in the Freezing Injunction”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

DBOD filed in SUM 1488 (Further Arguments), Tab 4, Second Joint Affidavit of
the first and second defendants dated 3 April 2018, para 9.

Further, in respect of the properties listed in para 3 of the Mareva
injunction, the first and second defendants took the position that the
injunction did not compel them to “disclose specifically [their] properties in
Nigeria and the Netherlands”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

DBOD filed in SUM 1488 (Further Arguments), Tab 4, Second Joint Affidavit of
the first and second defendants dated 3 April 2018, para 19.

23 I should point out that the position taken by the first and second
defendants here appears to be at odds with the assurances that they had given
in the first joint affidavit and in the letter dated 22 March 2018, in the
sense that if the first and second defendants took the position that they did
not need to disclose further information given that the purpose of the Mareva
injunction had been met, then there would be no need for them to assure the
court and the plaintiffs of future updates of information pertaining to their
other assets. Instead, the absolute position taken by the first and second
defendants in this affidavit is consonant with the views expressed in their
letters dated 12 and 22 March 2018, in which the first and second defendants
had repeatedly asked for a consensual variation of the disclosure obligations
such that they would not need to disclose any further information about their
assets. I shall return to this point later.

24 SUM 1488 was fixed for hearing on 14 May 2018. In the interim period, the
plaintiffs’ lawyers wrote to the defendants’ lawyers on 27 April 2018,
indicating that the plaintiffs intended to file an application to cross-
examine the first and second defendants in respect of the first joint
affidavit because the information disclosed therein was not adequate or
meaningful. The plaintiffs also noted that despite the assurance of further
updates given in the first joint affidavit, no such update had been given
despite more than a month having passed since the first joint affidavit was
filed. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

DBOD filed in SUM 1488, Tab 10, p 6.

25 Seemingly in response to this letter, the first and second defendants filed
a fourth joint affidavit on that very day and sent it to the plaintiffs on 30
April 2018. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

DBOD filed in SUM 1488, Tab 10, p 8.

In the affidavit, the first and second defendants explained that they had
attempted to ask for more information from their banks about their other bank
accounts by email but were told that they needed to call the bank instead. And
although their personal secretary had since attempted to do so, the bank’s
customer service officer was still unwilling to provide this information. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

DBOD filed in SUM 1488 (Further Arguments), Tab 6, Fourth Joint Affidavit of
the first and second defendants dated 27 April 2018, para 10.

While email correspondence between the first and second defendants and the
bank officer was exhibited in the affidavit, no evidence was produced to show
that they had followed up with a phone call. Nor was there an affidavit
deposed by the secretary who had allegedly contacted the banks to state that
she had taken such steps to obtain further information.

26 The plaintiffs were clearly dissatisfied with this explanation. On 30 April
2018, they filed Summons No 2031 of 2018 (“SUM 2031”) seeking to cross-examine
the first and second defendants on the first joint affidavit. This summons was
fixed to be heard before me together with SUM 1488.

27 On 14 May 2018, I heard both summonses. I granted the plaintiffs’
application in SUM 2031 to cross-examine the first and second defendants. In
respect of SUM 1488, I ordered the plaintiffs to furnish undertakings to the
effect that they would not use any information disclosed for the purpose of
civil or criminal proceedings in foreign jurisdictions; the plaintiffs did so
by way of an affidavit deposed by one of the fourth plaintiff’s liquidators
dated 18 May 2018, although it was stated that the undertakings were given
with effect from 14 May 2018. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

See Fifth Affidavit of Chad Griffin dated 15 May 2018 and filed on 18 May
2018, para 3.

However, I did not grant the first and second defendants’ application for a
variation of their disclosure obligations. I also did not grant the first and
second defendants’ oral application to have full disclosure made by a new
deadline to be determined by the court, because to do so would be to impliedly
bless the previous breaches of the disclosure order. Instead, I left it to the
plaintiffs to take the necessary action to enforce the order of court that
would be extracted as a result of my decision. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

See Statement of the plaintiffs filed pursuant to the summons for committal,
para 18.

Subsequent provision of information by the first and second defendants in
stages

28 Pursuant to my decision, the first and second defendants’ lawyers wrote to
the plaintiffs’ lawyers on 17 May 2018 stating that the first and second
defendants would “at once” observe their disclosure obligations. This promise
to comply was, however, subject to two qualifications:

(a) disclosure would only be made “on terms of strict confidence and on the
terms of the undertakings ordered by the Learned Judge on [the first and
second defendants’] application”; and

(b) the first and second defendants would undertake a global search on their
other assets and would disclose the results of the search by correspondence,
but these disclosures would only be “aggregated together at convenient stages
on affidavit”. The letter then disclosed a “customer overview from HSBC” which
was said to have been received by the first and second defendants on 16 May
2018. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PBOD filed in SUM 2031, Tab F, p 392.

29 On the same day, the first and second defendants’ lawyers also wrote in to
the court to ask for further arguments in respect of the variation of their
disclosure obligations. They explained that the first and second defendants
had “struggled with an absolute, unconditional order on the one hand and their
own view that the court would recognize that once sufficient assets had been
identified and an assurance given to the court that they would not be dealt
with or disposed, the purpose of the Freezing Injunction would be met and they
would be released from further disclosure”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Letter to the court dated 17 May 2018, para 6.

The letter further confirmed that there were no encumbrances on the disclosed
bank accounts, and whilst there were mortgages on the property disclosed, the
value of the assets still exceeded the sums that were restrained by the Mareva
injunction, even taking into account the sum of the mortgages. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Letter to the court dated 17 May 2018, para 15.

The request for further arguments was granted and fixed to be heard on 8 June
2018.

30 On 19 May 2018, the first and second defendants’ lawyers made a second
disclosure of information by letter, stating that the first and second
defendants held shares in one Jamaro Development Company and one Jamaro
Capital Limited. The statements of share capital annexed to the letter as
proof were correct only as at 24 November 2014, which is the date on which the
first defendant had signed off on these documents. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

PBOD filed in SUM 2031, Tab F, pp 383–390.

31 On the same day, the plaintiffs’ lawyers replied, rejecting the first and
second defendants’ approach of disclosing their assets in stages. In
particular, the plaintiffs’ lawyers noted that the first defendant had
recently gone through or was at that time going through divorce proceedings,
and would thus have had a “current overview” of his assets. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

PBOD filed in SUM 2031, Tab F, pp 381–382.

It should be noted that this allegation was never contested by the first and
second defendants, and indeed, the financial statement that had been sworn by
the first defendant in September 2016 in relation to the divorce proceedings
was subsequently obtained and exhibited by the plaintiffs in an affidavit
dated 25 June 2018. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Affidavit of Ong Xuan Ning Christine dated 25 June 2018, p 19 et seq (see p 58
for signature and date).

The plaintiffs then followed up this letter by filing Summons No 2323 of 2018
on 21 May 2018, in which they sought leave to commence committal proceedings
against the first and second defendants. The parties continued corresponding
on 22 and 24 May 2018, each restating the same positions that they had taken
prior. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PBOD filed in SUM 2031, Tab F, pp 375–378; p 380.

32 On 23 May 2018, the first and second defendants filed Summons No 2402 of
2018, seeking leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal against my decision in
relation to the variation application. It was not entirely clear why they had
filed this summons since their previous application for further arguments had
already been granted and was slated to be heard on 8 June 2018. Indeed, the
first and second defendants eventually withdrew this application after I
queried them on this at the hearing. A separate summons for leave to appeal
was later filed after the hearing of 8 June 2018, at which I confirmed my
earlier decision made on 14 May 2018.

33 Before I heard the parties on 8 June 2018, however, the first and second
defendants filed their sixth joint affidavit on 4 June 2018. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PBOD filed in SUM 2031, Tab E, p 349 et seq.

They placed on affidavit the information pertaining to their assets that had
been disclosed in the two letters dated 17 and 19 May 2018, together with
further information about a bank account with DBS Bank Ltd that had not
previously been disclosed. The assets disclosed in the sixth joint affidavit
can be summarised as follows.

(a) A bank account with HSBC Bank (Singapore) Limited, which had been
identified in the letter dated 17 May 2018 (see [28] above). In addition to
the customer overview dated 16 May 2018, an additional account statement dated
7 May 2018 was included as an exhibit.

(b) The first and second defendants’ shares in Jamaro Development Company and
Jamaro Capital Limited, which had been identified in the letter dated 19 May
2018 (see [30] above).

(c) A bank account with DBS Bank Ltd, as evidenced by a statement summarising
the first and second defendants’ unit trusts. Significantly, the statement was
dated 31 March 2018, 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PBOD filed in SUM 2031, Tab E, p 366.

which meant that the first and second defendants had in their possession this
information during the period in which the parties had exchanged
correspondence in relation to the issue of disclosure. But the information
relating to this bank account was never disclosed until this sixth joint
affidavit.

34 At the hearing on 8 June 2018, the first and second defendants relied not
only on their first and sixth joint affidavits, but also tendered a draft
affidavit that had not yet been sworn and filed, which set out the following
information: 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DBOD filed in SUM 2031, Tab 3.

(a) the first and second defendants’ shareholdings in nine companies, eight of
which had been listed in para 3 of the Mareva injunction. However, no estimate
of the value of the shares was given;

(b) the first and second defendants’ confirmation that they were not the
owners of one of the four properties listed in para 3 of the Mareva
injunction, although this still left two properties in the Netherlands for
which information had not been disclosed; and

(c) details of a three bank accounts that the first and second defendants held
with Citibank, Switzerland.

35 The verifying documents pertaining to these assets, however, were variously
dated between 2009 and 2015 and were thus, although this draft affidavit
provided more information about the first and second defendants’ assets, the
information provided did not reflect their assets as at the date which the
variation was sought, ie, May and June 2018.

36 The first and second defendants relied on all three affidavits during the
further arguments on 8 June 2018 and subsequently filed the draft affidavit on
13 June 2018. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DBOD filed in SUM 2031, Tab 3.

37 I also note that during this period, from March to June 2018, the first and
second defendants had indicated their intention to use some of the assets that
had been disclosed by them for their ordinary expenses and legal fees. In
particular, the first and second defendants informed the plaintiffs that they
intended to pay their lawyers various sums which totalled about $440,000 as
professional fees for the present proceedings, despite the matter still being
at the interlocutory stage. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Affidavit of Ong Xuan Ning Christine dated 25 June 2018, p 61 et seq.

They also indicated that they would draw money from their bank accounts – the
first defendant $20,000 per week and the second defendant $10,000 per week for
the months of April and May 2018. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PBOD filed in SUM 1488, Tab H.

Other summonses filed by the first and second defendants after the further
arguments on 8 June 2018

38 After my decision on 8 June 2018, the first and second defendants continued
to take out further applications in respect of the present case. Most
pertinently, the first and second defendants filed Summons No 2873 of 2018 on
21 June 2018, seeking to have the entire Mareva injunction set aside on the
basis that, inter alia, the courts of Nigeria were the most appropriate courts
to hear the plaintiffs’ claims and to be asked to issue a worldwide Mareva
injunction. In the same vein, on 29 June 2018, the first and second defendants
filed Summons No 2975 of 2018, in which they sought to stay the underlying
proceedings in favour of the courts of Nigeria on the ground of forum non
conveniens.

39 I note that these summonses were filed after I had made my decision at the
hearing of 8 June 2018, and to that extent, they are not strictly relevant in
my consideration of the present application. I mention them, however, to give
a complete picture of the procedural skirmishes that have taken place between
the parties up until the date of these present grounds of decision. It is
against this backdrop that I turn to consider the parties’ contentions.

The parties’ cases

40 I heard the parties on 14 May 2018 and then on 8 June 2018 for further
arguments at the request of the first and second defendants. The first and
second defendants, who were the applicants in respect of the application to
vary their disclosure obligations, made the following arguments.

(a) The purpose of a Mareva injunction is to preserve sufficient assets to
satisfy any judgment obtained. Thus, where a Mareva injunction is qualified by
stating the maximum sum that can be restrained, it follows that the disclosure
order must also be qualified to the same extent, especially since such a
disclosure order is by its very nature an invasion of a defendant’s privacy.
42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defendants’ Skeletal Submissions, para 21; Defendants’ Skeletal Submissions
for Further Arguments, paras 15–16.

(b) In the present case, the purpose of the Mareva injunction was fulfilled
when the first and second defendants disclosed assets in excess of the maximum
sums indicated in the Mareva injunction. Further disclosure would serve no
purpose and would instead be oppressive to them. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defendants’ Skeletal Submissions, paras 15–16.

(c) The first and second defendants did not agree with the plaintiffs’
submission that they had deliberately failed to disclose the full extent of
their assets. Instead, the first and second defendants contended that they
were “doing their very best under the circumstances” 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defendants’ Skeletal Submissions for Further Arguments, para 2.

and that the plaintiffs instead were behaving disingenuously by attempting to
saddle the defendants with unrealistic disclosure obligations. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defendants’ Skeletal Submissions for Further Arguments, paras 19–22.

41 In response, the plaintiffs made the following submissions.

(a) Even where a Mareva injunction is limited to maximum sums, full disclosure
of assets is still necessary because a Mareva injunction confers no security
upon the plaintiff over the assets. Thus, if a defendant discloses only up to
the amount that is restrained by the Mareva injunction, there may ultimately
be insufficient funds to satisfy the judgment if the disclosed assets turn out
to be encumbered or spent pursuant to the exceptions in the Mareva injunction.
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions, paras 25–26.

This interest in ensuring that justice is done as between the parties
overrides any concerns pertaining to a defendant’s right to privacy. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions for Further Arguments, para 24.

(b) In the present case, the first and second defendants had refused to comply
with the clear terms of the disclosure obligations within the Mareva
injunction. Instead, in order to neuter the effectiveness of the Mareva
injunction, they employed a “drip-feeding” strategy 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions for Further Arguments, para 19.

by filing joint affidavits of disclosure that slowly revealed the existence of
their assets even though the said assets had been known to them all along.
Such a strategy has been roundly condemned by courts in previous cases and
should also not be endorsed in the present case. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions, paras 18–24.

Issues to be determined

42 There are two issues which will be addressed in these grounds of decision,
which correspond to the first and third prayers in SUM 1488.

(a) First, whether the first and second defendants’ disclosure obligations
within the Mareva injunction dated 28 February 2018 should be varied, such
that the first and second defendants need not disclose information about any
assets once they have disclosed assets sufficient to meet the sums restrained
by the Mareva injunction.

(b) Secondly, whether the plaintiffs, who had been directed to furnish
undertakings to the effect that they would not use the disclosed information
for the purposes of civil and criminal proceedings in foreign jurisdictions,
should nevertheless be required to disclose by affidavit whether they have
done so thus far.

43 I will address each in turn.

My decision in relation to the disclosure obligations

Whether a defendant who discloses assets with a value equivalent to or more
than the restrained sum is entitled to a variation of his disclosure
obligations

44 In the main, the first and second defendants’ submission is that once a
party who is subject to a Mareva injunction has disclosed assets sufficient to
meet the sum restrained by the injunction, then any further disclosure would
not serve the purpose of the injunction but would, instead, continue to be a
restriction on that party’s right to privacy. In these circumstances, the
first and second defendants argued that such a party should be entitled to a
variation of the disclosure obligations to the effect that no further
disclosure of assets would be required.

45 I did not agree with this submission. A Mareva injunction aims to prevent a
defendant from dissipating his assets and thus rendering nugatory a judgment
which might eventually be obtained by a plaintiff against him. It does so,
however, not by way of giving a plaintiff security or a proprietary interest
over the defendant’s assets, but simply by restraining the said assets from
being moved (see Lee Shieh-Peen Clement and another v Ho Chin Nguang and
others [2010] 4 SLR 801 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PBOA Tab 2.

at [17] and [26]). Because the plaintiff is given no interest, security or
priority in any of the assets, the only way to allow the plaintiff to
effectively police the Mareva injunction is by giving him sufficient
information about the location and details of the defendant’s assets, so that
he can determine whether the defendant has been moving his assets in breach of
the Mareva injunction. It is for this reason that the disclosure order,
although ancillary to the Mareva injunction itself, has been described by the
Court of Appeal to be “an integral part of the court’s Mareva jurisdiction and
an ordinary adjunct to a Mareva injunction” (see Bouvier, Yves Charles Edgar
and another v Accent Delight International Ltd and another and another appeal
[2015] 5 SLR 558 (“Bouvier”) 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

DBOA Tab 4.

at [101]).

46 Even in a situation where the defendant has disclosed assets sufficient to
meet the sums restrained by the Mareva injunction, there is still utility in
requiring the defendant to disclose information pertaining to the defendant’s
other assets. It is well-established that the information disclosed by the
defendant by way of affidavit in such situations is often “rough and ready”,
in the sense that the value of the assets is often estimated rather than
forensically prepared under microscopic scrutiny (Bouvier at [103]). This is
because, as the Court of Appeal explained in Bouvier, such a disclosure
affidavit is usually compiled and filed under stringent timelines (at [103]).
Under such circumstances, it would be unrealistic to expect that the value of
the defendant’s assets, as listed in the disclosure affidavit, would be so
close to the true value of the defendant’s assets, such that it can be said
with confidence that no other assets are required to be disclosed in order to
preserve the efficacy of the Mareva injunction.

47 Indeed, I note that in further arguments, the first and second defendants
had themselves relied on Bouvier and the Court of Appeal decision of Wallace
Kevin James v Merrill Lynch International Bank Ltd [1998] 1 SLR(R) 61
(“Wallace”) 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DBOA (Further Arguments) Tab 5.

for the proposition that a “realistic” approach must be taken in relation to
the disclosure of assets by the defendant, in the sense that the value of the
assets in the affidavit is often “rough and ready”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defendants’ Skeletal Submissions for Further Arguments, para 4.

While the first and second defendants had made this point in the context of
explaining why they did not make full disclosure of their assets in their
first joint affidavit (which is a point I will deal with below), in my view
this proposition was equally pertinent to the question of whether disclosure
obligations should be discontinued once the defendant has filed an affidavit
disclosing assets which were just enough to meet the sum restrained by the
Mareva injunction.

48 To illustrate the point, I refer to the assets disclosed in the present
case. In their first joint affidavit, the first and second defendants
disclosed a bank account with Citibank Switzerland that was said to be held
solely in the name of the first defendant. The account balance was stated as
US$1,770,044.53 and no encumbrances were identified on the said account. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DBOD filed in SUM 2031, Tab 2, para 6, item 8.

However, in the draft affidavit that was placed before me at the hearing on 8
June 2018 and which was later filed on 13 June 2018 (see [34] above), it was
revealed that the funds in the Citibank account were extended pursuant to an
“On Demand Credit Facility Agreement” dated 2 April 2015, under which Citibank
could demand repayment at any time and, in the meantime, had a security
interest over the assets in the bank account. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

See exhibit JM-19 to the draft affidavit, cll 8 and 14.

Although this information was known to the first and second defendants at the
time they filed the first joint affidavit, it was not disclosed. Thus, even if
the sums in the Citibank account had been sufficient to meet the sums
restrained by the Mareva injunction, the existence of such undisclosed
encumbrances would have meant that the Mareva injunction would have been
deprived of a substantial part of its efficacy. This illustrates the situation
which I have explained above: that at best, the disclosure affidavit is a
“rough and ready” estimate of the value of the assets which may not truly
reflect their true value. Indeed, as the present facts illustrate, there could
well also be situations in which a defendant, while disclosing the existence
of the assets, deliberately omits to mention the encumbrances on the said
assets. In either situation, it would not be safe to free a defendant from the
obligation to disclose all his other assets just because the assets in the
disclosure affidavit appear, on their face, to meet the sums restrained by the
Mareva injunction.

49 Further, it is often the case, as is the situation on the present facts
(see [37] above), that the Mareva injunction would contain exceptions which
allow the defendant to use some of the restrained sums of money towards
ordinary expenses and legal fees. So if the defendant only discloses assets
that are equal in value or slightly above that restrained by the Mareva
injunction, then the use of monies for the purposes of ordinary expenses and
legal fees could reduce the value of the assets disclosed to a value below
that which had been restrained by the Mareva injunction, further reducing its
efficacy.

50 In the light of these uncertainties inherent in situations of partial
disclosure, I agreed with the plaintiffs that the disclosure obligations of
the first and second defendants should not be attenuated even in such
situations, in order to preserve the efficacy of the Mareva injunction.

51 It was also no answer for the first and second defendants to say that
requiring them to make further disclosure of their assets would unjustifiably
impinge on their right to privacy or confidentiality. As the Court of Appeal
explained in Bouvier in the context of a similarly wide disclosure obligation,
the “highly intrusive” nature of such an absolute obligation is tolerated
because without an accompanying disclosure obligation, a Mareva injunction
will “often be toothless” (at [102]).

52 Because a wide disclosure obligation is typically required to give a Mareva
injunction teeth, such widely-phrased disclosure obligations are the norm
rather than the exception, and have even been described as being the “standard
terms” on which a disclosure order ancillary to a Mareva injunction is made
(see OCM Opportunities Fund II, LP and others v Burhan Uray (alias Wong Ming
Kiong) and others [2004] 4 SLR(R) 74 (“OCM Opportunities”) 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PBOA Tab 1.

at [48]). Indeed, as I have noted at [12] above, the standard form disclosure
order, as contained in para 2 of Form 7 of Appendix A of the Supreme Court
Practice Directions, requires a defendant to disclose all his assets, even
though the substantive terms of the Mareva injunction in the same standard
form only restrain the assets of the defendant up to the sum that is
reasonably claimed by the plaintiff in the underlying proceedings. This shows
that as a general rule, a defendant will be required to make disclosure of all
his assets even though the assets restrained are limited to those of a certain
value.

53 In contrast, it has only been in cases where the disclosure obligations go
further than requiring the defendant to disclose all his assets that the court
has found such obligations to be overly onerous. In Wallace (see supra [47]),
the Court of Appeal held that the disclosure obligations were “totally
unjustified” because they not only required the appellant to disclose all his
assets, but also required him to give his consent for his bankers to provide
“any information” to the respondent upon request (at [34]). Similarly, in
Petromar Energy Resources Pte Ltd v Glencore International AG [1999] 1 SLR(R)
1152 (“Petromar”), the Court of Appeal concluded that disclosure obligations
requiring the defendant to disclose all its assets and to specifically
disclose information pertaining to certain specific items of assets were “far
too wide and extensive to be made at such an early stage” of the proceedings
(at [17]). These cases demonstrate that it is only in situations where the
disclosure order has imposed obligations over and above what is necessary to
police the Mareva injunction that the court has stepped in to attenuate the
disclosure obligations. But as I have explained, this concern does not apply
to situations of partial disclosure given the inherent uncertainties arising
from the “rough and ready” information provided in such situations.

54 For the foregoing reasons, I do not accept the first and second defendants’
contention that they were entitled to a variation of the disclosure obligation
simply by virtue of having disclosed assets in their first joint affidavit
that appeared to have met the sums restrained in the Mareva injunction.

55 This does not mean, however, that a defendant’s disclosure obligations in
the context of a Mareva injunction can never be attenuated. There may well be
circumstances which call for such a variation, for instance if it can be shown
that the plaintiff is using the disclosure order not for the purpose of
policing the Mareva injunction, but for an extraneous purpose such as to
obtain information to support the plaintiff’s other claims against the
defendant (see Petromar at [21]). In the present case, however, the first and
second defendants did not allege that the plaintiffs had such an extraneous
purpose in demanding that the first and second defendants fully disclose their
assets, and in any event, I was of the view that the plaintiffs’ request for
information pertaining to the first and second defendants’ assets was entirely
bona fide. Indeed, for the reasons that follow, I was not convinced that the
circumstances of this case called for the first and second defendants’
disclosure obligations to be attenuated. To the contrary, I found that the
first and second defendants had been evasive and uncooperative in their
compliance with their disclosure obligations and should thus be required to
make full disclosure of their assets. I turn to this next.

Whether the first and second defendants were otherwise entitled to a variation
of their disclosure obligations

56 The first and second defendants accepted that para 6 of the Mareva
injunction imposed an “absolute” and “unconditional” obligation on them to
disclose information pertaining to all their assets (see [29] above). Despite
acknowledging this, it can be seen from the detailed chronology of events that
I have set out above that they had consciously chosen not to comply with the
disclosure order because they did not think it was necessary to do so.

57 Against this, the first and second defendants contended that they had tried
their best to obtain information of their assets but had been unable to do so.
I did not accept this explanation. It was evident from the conduct of the
first and second defendants that their actions were as a result of choice and
not circumstance. The key facts in this regard are the following.

(a) First, the first and second defendants had repeatedly taken the position
that there was no further utility that could be obtained by disclosing more
information about their assets, given their belief that the purpose of the
Mareva injunction had been met: see for instance the letter of 22 March 2018
(at [19] above) and the second joint affidavit filed in support of SUM 1488
(at [22] above).

(b) Secondly, the conduct of the first and second defendants is consonant with
the position that they had expressed. In their first joint affidavit, the
first and second defendants failed to even provide information pertaining to
the assets that had been specifically identified in para 3 of the Mareva
injunction as being subject to the terms of the injunction (see [16] above).
While more information was eventually furnished by way of the draft affidavit,
this information was still incomplete: for instance, no information was
provided as to the real properties located in the Netherlands (see [34(b)]
above). The natural inference arising from the non-disclosure of such
information coupled with the statements made by the first and second
defendants in the documents was that they were unwilling, rather than unable,
to provide the said information.

(c) Thirdly, it is true that the first and second defendants had made
assurances that they would provide the court and the plaintiffs with more
information (see the first joint affidavit at [17] above and the letter of 22
March 2018 at [20] above) and had eventually explained in their fourth joint
affidavit that they had attempted to contact their banks but had been rebuffed
(see [25] above). In my view, however, these assurances and explanations rang
hollow. The assurances which had been given in the first joint affidavit and
the letter of 22 March 2018 were not acted upon until the plaintiffs made
clear in their letter of 27 April 2018 that if no further information or
explanation was provided, they would apply to cross-examine the first and
second defendants on their first joint affidavit (see [24] above). It was only
when faced with the spectre of cross-examination that the first and second
defendants filed their fourth joint affidavit explaining the situation. And
even then, the explanation given was, in my view, unsatisfactory. No evidence
was adduced to show that the first and second defendants had followed up on
the email that they had sent to their banks on 14 March 2018. And although the
first and second defendants explained that their personal secretary had called
the banks but had been rebuffed, no affidavit was filed by the said secretary
explaining how or why the bank officers had rejected the inquiries and whether
further steps had been taken in that regard. Further, this explanation appears
to contradict the documentary evidence. For instance, in the sixth joint
affidavit that was filed on 4 June 2018, the first and second defendants
exhibited a bank statement from an account with DBS Bank Ltd that was dated 31
March 2018 (see [33(c)] above), indicating that this bank statement had been
in their possession at the time the first and second defendants were claiming
ignorance, but had not been disclosed. It was thus not a case where the first
and second defendants had no information in their possession that could be
disclosed despite trying their best to obtain this information.

58 Taking the evidence in the round, I was unable to accept the first and
second defendants’ contention that they had tried their best to comply with
their disclosure obligations but were prevented from doing so. My conclusion
in this regard also comports with the nature of the claims that had been made
by the plaintiffs in this case. As I noted at [8] above, the plaintiffs in
essence claimed that the first and second defendants had sowed a conspiracy
against the plaintiffs, had used the third and fourth defendants to carry out
this conspiracy, and had reaped the benefits of the conspiracy in the form of
the payments made by the plaintiffs to the defendants. The assets of the first
and second defendants thus became critical to the enforcement of any judgment
that may be obtained by the plaintiffs in the suit and this may explain why
the first and second defendants were reluctant to disclose the location and
the details of their assets.

59 In fact, even after the court had decided on 14 May 2018 that the
disclosure obligations would not be varied, the first and second defendants
continued to “drip-feed” the court and the plaintiffs with snippets of
information. In the meantime, they held out for the possibility that their
fates would take a turn for the better, either by way of further arguments to
this court (which were to be heard on 8 June 2018), or by way of an appeal to
the Court of Appeal, which is why an application for leave to appeal had been
filed even before the further arguments were heard (see [32] above). I should
also note that while this information was not available to the court at the
time of the hearings of 14 May 2018 and 8 June 2018, it can be seen from the
events following 8 June 2018 that the first and second defendants had taken
further steps to reverse their fortunes, for instance by applying to discharge
the entire Mareva injunction or to stay the underlying proceedings in favour
of the courts of Nigeria (see [38] above). Again, it was likely that this was
the approach taken by the first and second defendants because they did not
wish to open their assets to the plaintiffs in the event that the plaintiffs
prevailed in the underlying suit, but this did not make their approach
legitimate.

60 Turning back to the strategy of “drip-feeding”, while the first and second
defendants purported to comply immediately with their disclosure obligations
under para 6 of the Mareva injunction, they insisted that they would only be
prepared to state the location and details of their assets on affidavit in
stages and at their own convenience (see [28] above). Thus, although they
provided the court and the plaintiffs with further information about their
assets on three separate occasions, on each occasion it was clear that the
information provided only served to provide minimal compliance with their
disclosure obligations. I mention just four instances.

(a) First, while the first and second defendants had disclosed a HSBC bank
account in their letter dated 17 May 2018 (see [28(b)] above), the only
information provided in relation to the assets contained within it was a
customer overview dated 16 May 2018, which provided limited information. But
subsequently, in their sixth joint affidavit dated 4 June 2018, when the first
and second defendants finally disclosed information pertaining to this bank
account by way of affidavit, it turned out that there was an additional
supporting document for this account – a bank account statement dated 7 May
2018 (see [33(a)] above). This bank account statement would have been
available to the first and second defendants at the time they sent the letter
of 17 May 2018, but clearly, they had chosen not to disclose it.

(b) Secondly, the same technique was employed in relation to the DBS bank
account that was disclosed by the first and second defendants in their sixth
joint affidavit dated 4 June 2018 (see [33(c)] above). The first and second
defendants had held a bank account statement in respect of this account since
31 March 2018 but chose not to disclose it until 4 June 2018.

(c) Thirdly, in respect of the first and second defendants’ shareholdings in
Jamaro Development Company and Jamaro Capital Limited that were also disclosed
in the sixth joint affidavit dated 4 June 2018 (see [33(b)] above), only the
names of the companies and the number of shares the first and second
defendants held were disclosed. But no information was disclosed, for
instance, as to where these companies were incorporated, which was a critical
piece of information which would have been necessary for the plaintiffs to
monitor compliance with the Mareva injunction. Counsel for the first and
second defendants also admitted that he did not possess this information when
I queried him on this during the hearing of 8 June 2018. Further, the
documents filed in support of this disclosure pertained to the statements of
share capital and returns of allotment as of 2014, which would not have
necessarily reflected the sums that had actually been paid up by the first and
second defendants, nor would it have necessarily reflected their shareholdings
as of the date of the application. It was thus clear to me that even where
information about the assets had been disclosed, the first and second
defendants had chosen to disclose the minimum information necessary to comply
with their disclosure obligations, but had chosen to leave out crucial aspects
of that information, with the result that the plaintiffs were hamstrung in
their ability to police the Mareva injunction.

(d) Finally, apart from the information that had been disclosed but was
incomplete, I also note that some information had in fact not been disclosed
at all. For instance, it appeared that the first defendant had, in September
2016, filed a financial statement for a financial order in divorce proceedings
in London. That financial statement contained information pertaining to
certain properties and shares that were being held by the first defendant. But
despite being in possession of such information since September 2016, neither
this information nor the financial statement was disclosed to the court by the
first and second defendants. It was only when the plaintiffs subsequently
obtained this information that it was disclosed to the court in an affidavit
filed by the plaintiffs on 25 June 2018 (see [31] above).

61 Such a strategy is not new. A similar strategy of filing “holding
affidavits” was criticised in OCM Opportunities (see supra [52]). In that
case, the plaintiffs obtained a worldwide Mareva injunction against the
defendants which contained similar standard form disclosure obligations. The
plaintiffs complained that the defendants did not comply with their disclosure
obligations as their affidavits of assets were incomplete and lacking in
particulars. They thus applied to cross-examine the defendants on their
affidavits. Agreeing with the plaintiffs, Belinda Ang Saw Ean J held that (at
[48]–[49]):

48 The disclosure obligation was in standard terms … The defendants’
affidavits should have contained a proper and full list of assets, and should
not have been produced for the sake of meeting a deadline or to serve and
operate as a holding affidavit pending determination of the defendants’ appeal
to set aside the worldwide injunction. There has to be proper compliance
before a list of assets can qualify as a comprehensive list. The strategy of
using holding affidavits defeats the effectiveness of worldwide Mareva orders.
…

49 I use the expression “holding affidavit” as I am convinced that the
defendants had not really tried to properly comply with the disclosure
obligation. The majority defendants had cited insufficient time as an excuse.
It was a poor excuse. The plaintiffs’ review of the affidavits and lists filed
showed that the defendants were not treating their disclosure and other
obligations under the Mareva order seriously. The majority defendants seemed
to have done their best to hedge the situation they faced with minimal
compliance whilst waiting for a hearing date for the appeal. The defendants’
stance, however foolish it might have been, was nevertheless deliberate. They
obviously hoped to “get by” with the holding affidavits. It was not to be,
particularly when they had adversaries as resolute as the plaintiffs.

[emphasis added]

62 Belinda Ang J granted the plaintiffs’ application to cross-examine the
defendants because she was of the view that while the defendants had filed
affidavits of assets, they were not seriously trying to comply with their
obligations and instead only filed the affidavits to stave off the court-
imposed deadline while waiting for a hearing date for an appeal. Belinda Ang J
did not endorse this strategy of deliberately using a “holding affidavit” in
place of proper compliance.

63 Although OCM Opportunities pertained to a situation where the plaintiffs
sought to cross-examine the defendants, in my view, the same analysis relating
to the strategy of “holding affidavits” could apply in the present case. As I
have concluded above, the first and second defendants had consciously chosen
not to comply with their “absolute, unconditional” obligations under para 6 of
the Mareva injunction. And even after the court order of 14 May 2018 was made,
they had chosen to continue to file “holding affidavits” to, in Belinda Ang
J’s words, “hedge the situation they faced with minimal compliance” (see OCM
Opportunities at [49]) whilst waiting for their fortunes to turn around. Like
Belinda Ang J, I was of the view that this strategy ought not to be endorsed,
lest the efficacy of Mareva injunctions and the disclosure obligations
contained within them be undermined.

64 For the foregoing reasons, I found that the first and second defendants had
not been serious in complying with their disclosure obligations and had
instead been evasive and uncooperative in doing so. In the circumstances,
there was no reason to grant the first and second defendants a variation of
their disclosure obligations to the effect that they no longer needed to
disclose any further information about their assets.

My decision in relation to the need for the plaintiffs to disclose by
affidavit whether they had used the information obtained

65 I now turn to briefly set out my reasons for declining the first and second
defendants’ application for an order that the plaintiffs depose an affidavit
to declare whether they had used the information disclosed by the first and
second defendants from the date of the Mareva injunction until the date that
the undertakings were given. I had agreed with the first and second defendants
that it was appropriate for the plaintiffs to furnish undertakings not to use
the information for the purposes of civil or criminal proceedings in foreign
jurisdictions. The plaintiffs furnished the relevant undertakings on in an
affidavit dated 18 May 2018, but which were to take effect from 14 May 2018
(see [27] above). Thus, the only proceedings that would have been disclosed in
any such affidavit to be filed by the plaintiffs would be in relation to
information that had been disclosed by the first and second defendants prior
to 14 May 2018 (ie, in their first joint affidavit).

66 However, the preponderance of information that had been disclosed by the
first and second defendants in their first joint affidavit pertained to assets
that had already been known to the plaintiffs and were therefore specifically
listed in para 3 of the Mareva injunction. So even if the plaintiffs had
commenced proceedings by relying on their prior information of such assets of
the first and second defendants, these proceedings would not have been
commenced pursuant to information that had been obtained as a result of the
first and second defendants’ disclosure of information. It was thus not
necessary for me to require the plaintiffs to set out the existence and
details of such proceedings in an affidavit. Indeed, although there have been
numerous hearings since my decision on this issue on 14 May 2018, the first
and second defendants have not alleged that there have been any new
proceedings commenced by the plaintiffs using the information that had been
disclosed in their first joint affidavit. This only serves to confirm my
conclusion that such an affidavit was not necessary.

67 Further, I note that the existence and details of other parallel
proceedings had already been set out in detail by the first and second
defendants themselves in their second joint affidavit dated 3 April 2018 filed
in support of SUM 1488. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DBOD filed in SUM 1488 (Further Arguments), Tab 4, Second Joint Affidavit of
the first and second defendants dated 3 April 2018, paras 32–34.

It was thus clear to me that in any event, the first and second defendants
have had ample knowledge of the existence of such proceedings. In these
circumstances, it was not necessary to order the plaintiffs to file such an
affidavit.

Conclusion

68 In summary, I dismissed the first and second defendants’ application to
vary their disclose obligations for the following reasons.

(a) Disclosure obligations which require a defendant to disclose all his
assets are essential to the operation of a Mareva injunction, because this is
the only way in which a plaintiff can police a defendant’s compliance with the
terms of the injunction.

(b) This reasoning continues to apply even where a defendant has, by way of
affidavit, appeared to disclose assets which are sufficient to meet the
maximum sums restrained by the Mareva injunction. This is because affidavits
of disclosure often do not reflect the true value of the assets disclosed, and
it would thus not be safe to discharge further disclosure obligations purely
on that basis.

(c) Nevertheless, there may be situations in which a defendant should be
granted an attenuation of his disclosure obligations, including but not
limited to a situation in which a plaintiff has used the information obtained
by the disclosure orders for extraneous purposes.

(d) There were no circumstances which called for such an attenuation in the
present case. To the contrary, the first and second defendants had been
evasive and uncooperative and had not seriously tried to comply with their
disclosure obligations. And even after the court had declined to vary their
disclosure obligations on 14 May 2018, they continued to “drip-feed” the court
and the plaintiffs with “holding affidavits”. In such circumstances, the first
and second defendants should not be allowed an attenuation of their disclosure
obligations. While the first and second defendants may have been reluctant to
disclose information about the location and details of their assets to the
plaintiffs given the nature of the claims made, this did not mean that their
approach was legitimate.

69 I further dismissed the first and second defendants’ application for an
order that the plaintiffs disclose the existence of proceedings on affidavit
because the preponderance of information disclosed in the first joint
affidavit of the first and second defendants had disclosed information that
was already known to the plaintiffs, and in any event, the first and second
defendants had ample knowledge of the existence of these proceedings.

Andrew Ang  
Senior Judge

Daniel Chia and Christine Ong (Coleman Street Chambers LLC) for the
plaintiffs;  
Teh Kee Wee Lawrence, Ravin Periasamy and Chan Wai Yi Kevin (Dentons Rodyk &
Davidson LLP) for the first and second defendants;  
Third and fourth defendants unrepresented and absent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

