Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 192

Suit No 273 of 2015

Between

Super Group Ltd (formerly known as Super Coffeemix Manufacturing Ltd)  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Contract] — [Breach]

[Evidence] — [Presumptions] — [Electronic records]

[Evidence] — [Proof of evidence] — [Standard of proof for fraud]

[Limitation of Actions] — [Extension of limitation period] — [Acknowledgement]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Super Group Ltd

  

v

  

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik

[2018] SGHC 192

High Court — Suit No 273 of 2015  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
25–27 April; 14 August 2017

14 September 2018

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 In early 2008, a company controlled by the defendant – and known as Master
Beverage Industries Russia Pte Ltd (“MBIR”) – owed the plaintiff about
US$1.3m. It is the plaintiff’s case that the defendant signed a written
agreement in April 2008 in which he undertook to settle MBIR’s debt by
personally paying to the plaintiff US$600,000 and procuring the transfer to
the plaintiff of a property in Russia valued at US$700,000. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of claim (Amendment No 1) at para 3; affidavit of evidence in chief
of Lee Chee Tat, page 52.

It is common ground that the defendant has not paid the plaintiff US$600,000
and has not procured the transfer of the Russian property to the plaintiff.
The plaintiff therefore brings this action against the defendant to claim the
liquidated sum of US$1.3m, alternatively damages to be assessed for breach of
contract. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of claim (Amendment No 1) at para 7(A).

2 The defendant denies liability to the plaintiff. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defendant’s defence (Amendment No 2) at para 5.

His case is that he did not sign any written agreement, whether as alleged by
the plaintiff in April 2008 or at any other time. In any event, he says that
the plaintiff’s action is time-barred.

3 Following a trial on liability alone, 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s opening statement (18 April 2017) at para 3.

I have found that the defendant did sign a written agreement in April 2008,
and that he did so in the terms alleged by the plaintiff. I have also found
that the plaintiff’s action is not time-barred. I have accordingly entered
interlocutory judgment against the defendant for the liquidated sum of
US$600,000 and ordered an assessment of the plaintiff’s damages arising from
the defendant’s failure to procure the transfer the Russian property to the
plaintiff as agreed.

4 The defendant has appealed against my decision. I now set out my grounds.

Background facts

5 The plaintiff is a public listed company in the business of manufacturing
and exporting food products and beverages. It is best known for its coffee
products. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Statement of claim (Amendment No 1) at para 1; Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of
evidence in chief at para 5.

6 The defendant is a Singapore citizen who now resides permanently in Russia.
6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at paras 7 to 9.

7 MBIR is a general wholesale trader trading in, amongst other things, coffee
products. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 10; Mysore Nagaraja
Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 5.

At all material times, MBIR was owned and controlled by the defendant and a
Russian business associate of his. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 16.

8 In September 2006, the plaintiff agreed to supply coffee products to MBIR. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 9.

The defendant nominated a company other than MBIR to be the counterparty to
the supply contract. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at paras 11 and 13.

But the understanding was that it was MBIR who would receive and pay for the
products which the plaintiff was to supply under the contract. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 12.

9 The plaintiff duly entered into the supply contract in October 2006. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at p 18.

Pursuant to the parties’ understanding, the plaintiff duly supplied coffee
products to MBIR beginning in 2007 and invoiced MBIR for those products.

10 By early 2008, MBIR had accumulated unpaid invoices for the products
totalling about US$1.39m. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 14.

It appears also that MBIR had raised some disputes with the plaintiff which
were alleged to give rise to set-offs and cross-claims against the US$1.39m
due under the unpaid invoices.

11 In an effort to resolve all of their claims and cross claims, MBIR and the
plaintiff had a meeting on 22 February 2008. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 15.

MBIR was represented at the meeting by the defendant. The plaintiff was
represented at the meeting by, amongst others, Mr David Teo and Mr Lee Chee
Tak. Mr Teo was then the chairman and managing director of the plaintiff. Mr
Teo did not give evidence at trial. Mr Lee was then a director of the
plaintiff. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 15.

Mr Lee did give evidence at trial. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 7.

12 The defendant accepts that he attended the February 2008 meeting. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Certified Transcript (Day 1) at page 136 lines 11 to 20.

But his account of the meeting and of the events that followed it diverges
sharply from the plaintiff’s account. It is therefore convenient from this
point forward to summarise the parties’ accounts separately.

The plaintiff’s account

13 The plaintiff’s account of the February 2008 meeting is that the defendant
proposed to settle MBIR’s debt to the plaintiff by personally paying the
plaintiff the sum of US$600,000 and by transferring to the plaintiff the
Russian property as security for MBIR’s debt. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 16.

As evidence of this, the plaintiff relies on three emails sent by the
defendant to the plaintiff in February and March 2008, after the February 2008
meeting, by which the defendant reiterated and confirmed this proposal. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 17.

14 First, on 29 February 2008, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at pp 33 to 45.

the defendant sent to Mr Lee a draft undertaking which had been prepared by
the plaintiff and amended by the defendant’s then solicitors. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Certified Transcript (Day 1) at page 124 lines 4 to 7.

In the draft undertaking, the defendant proposes in his personal capacity to
procure a transfer of the Russian property to the plaintiff “forthwith” in
consideration of the plaintiff reducing MBIR’s debt by US$700,000 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at pp 37 and 43.

and forbearing to sue MBIR for the remainder of its debt. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at page 34, para 2.

This undertaking was never signed.

15 The second email is dated 5 March 2008. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at p 46.

In this email, the defendant refers to the February 2008 meeting and
acknowledges that the sum of US$1.3m appears to be due to the plaintiff while
reserving MBIR’s rights on its alleged cross claims.

16 The third and last email is dated 11 March 2008. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at pp 46 to 47.

This email bears the subject line “Minutes of meeting of 22nd Feb 2008”. The
defendant begins the email by referring to an exchange of correspondence
between the parties’ solicitors on 4 March 2008 before summarising the
discussions at the February 2008 meeting. He confirms that the discussions
resulted in a settled account between the parties showing US$1.3m owing by
MBIR to the plaintiff. This sum is arrived at by taking into account the value
of all goods supplied by the plaintiff to MBIR and deducting from that all of
MBIR’s cross claims against the plaintiff.

17 The defendant concludes the email with an offer to procure a transfer of
the Russian property to the plaintiff and personally to pay the plaintiff an
additional sum of up to US$600,000 to resolve the parties’ claims and cross
claims amicably:

… with a view to resolving the matter amicably, I as a director of MBIR, has
already provided a security on his property in Russia to [the plaintiff] which
is actually valued at USD900,000. As [the plaintiff] is aware, land in Russia
cannot be owned by foreigners. Hence the legal owner of the land is
Promfinaktiv, which is 100% owned by me and not MBIR. The land alone is more
than sufficient as a security of any debts owed to [the plaintiff] by MBIR.
However, as indicated in the meeting on 22 February 2008, I in my personal
capacity as a director of MBIR is willing to pay [the plaintiff] a sum of up
to US$600,000 from his own personal resources when such resources are
available. My discussions with Lee Chee Tak and Mr. David Teo in respect of
MBIR’s accounts with [the plaintiff] have been on this basis.

We trust that [the plaintiff] will view this issue practically. Any litigation
proceedings will not be in the interest of any party. With my personal
assurances, we trust that the matter can be resolved amicably without the
necessity of bringing all issues before the court.

The defendant in this email introduces a Russian company called Promfinaktiv,
a corporate vehicle owned and controlled by the defendant though which he
holds the Russian property. The defendant explains in this email that, because
Russian law does not allow foreigners to own Russian land, a transfer to the
plaintiff of his shares in Promfinaktiv is the only way in which he can effect
a transfer of the Russian property to the plaintiff.

18 The parties met again on 2 April 2008. At this meeting, the defendant
undertook to the plaintiff to do the same two things in full and final
settlement of MBIR’s debt to the plaintiff: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 18.

(a) First, the defendant undertook to procure a transfer of Promfinaktiv, and
with it the Russian property, to the plaintiff.

(b) Second, the defendant undertook to pay US$600,000 to the plaintiff. The
defendant proposed to do this by way of two post-dated cheques in the sum of
US$300,000 each, with the final cheque to clear by 9 May 2008.

19 The following day, 3 April 2008, Mr Lee sent an email to the defendant 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at pp 49 to 50.

enclosing a document recording in writing the agreement reached on 2 April
2008. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 20.

Mr Lee asked the defendant to print and sign the written agreement and to
forward it to the plaintiff as soon as possible. It is the plaintiff’s case
that both the plaintiff and the defendant duly signed the written agreement.
The defendant denies ever signing the written agreement.

20 The plaintiff tendered the written agreement at trial. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Exhibit P1.

I pause at this point to describe it. As I have mentioned, it is drawn up, not
in the form of a contract, but as a record of the parties’ agreement at the 2
April 2008 meeting. It does not bear any date indicating when it was drawn up
or when it was signed. Two signatures appear at the foot of the document, side
by side. The signature on the left is identified as Mr Teo’s, signing for and
on behalf of the plaintiff. The signature on the right is identified as the
defendant’s, signing “for himself and for and on behalf of Promfinaktiv Ltd”.
30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at p 52.

21 Pursuant to the April 2008 agreement, in order to fulfil his obligation pay
the plaintiff US$600,000, the defendant issued in favour of the plaintiff five
post-dated cheques bearing various dates in May 2008 in various amounts
totalling US$600,000. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at p 56 to 57.

All of the cheques were dishonoured upon presentation. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at paras 24 to 25.

22 The next four emails on which the plaintiff relies were exchanged in April
2009, a year after the April 2008 meeting. In these emails, Mr Lee urges the
defendant to perform his obligations under the April 2008 agreement:

(a) On 4 April 2009, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at p 60.

Mr Lee sends the defendant an email with the subject line “Our Agreement dated
2/04/2008”. Mr Lee begins the email by referring to “said agreement to settle
the outstanding account between our two companies”. He notes that the matter
is still not yet resolved and warns the defendant that the plaintiff will
commence legal action to recover the debt owed by MBIR to the plaintiff if the
defendant does not give a “satisfactory final settlement proposal” by 7 April
2009.

(b) On the same day, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at p 61.

the defendant emails Mr Lee in reply. The defendant’s email reads as follows:

As I have earlier indicated i plan to amicably settle with your goodself and
will give you a proposal the coming week.

Looking forward to a amicable business relationship with super.

(c) On 9 April 2009, 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at p 62.

Mr Lee emails the defendant stating that the plaintiff has not received a
proposal and strongly advising the defendant to reply that very day with the
action he intends to take.

(d) On 11 April 2009, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at p 63.

Mr Lee emails the defendant to press him to perform his obligations under the
April 2008 agreement:

… you are strongly advise to take immediate action to fulfill your obligation
under our agreement dated 02/04/2008.

For your information, we took the liberty to extend the deadline ( 07/04/09 )
given to you earlier on to 13/04/09 upon you request.

Kindly take notice the above deadline will be final and appreciate very much
your full co-operation to resolve this issue amicably because the cost of
settlement will definitely be much higher thereafter notwithstanding the legal
costs.

23 The email dated 4 April 2009 (described at [22(b)] above) is of critical
importance in this case. As I have mentioned, one of the defendant’s defences
is that the plaintiff’s action is time-barred. To counter that defence, the
plaintiff relies on the 4 April 2009 email as an acknowledgment within the
meaning of s 26(2) of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, Rev Ed 1996).

24 Following the plaintiff’s 11 April 2009 email (described at [22(d)] above),
the defendant initiated steps to transfer Promfinaktiv to the plaintiff. As
evidence of this, the plaintiff relies on the following eight emails sent
between April 2009 and April 2010:

(a) On 13 April 2009, 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at p 63.

the defendant replies to Mr Lee’s email of 11 April 2009 (see [22(d)] above).
The defendant tells Mr Lee that his Russian lawyers are going to speak to the
plaintiff’s lawyers regarding the transfer of the Russian property.

(b) On 29 May 2009, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at p 66.

the defendant emails Mr Lee. The defendant apologises for the delay and says
that he has spoken to the plaintiff’s lawyers about the transfer of the
Russian property and will be transferring his shares in Promfinaktiv to the
plaintiff. He asks the plaintiff to instruct its lawyers on who is to be the
transferee of the shares. The defendant indicates that he expects the transfer
to be carried out in the following week.

(c) On 31 July 2009, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at pp 67 to 78; Plaintiff’s
closing submissions at p 9.

the defendant emails Mr Lee forwarding an email exchange between the
defendant’s representatives and the plaintiff’s Russian lawyers. The email
encloses a draft sale and purchase agreement prepared by the plaintiff’s
Russian lawyers providing for the plaintiff’s nominee to acquire Promfinaktiv.
The email exchange with the Russian lawyers and the draft contract are in the
Russian language, with an English translation of the draft contract attached.
The draft identifies “Super Coffee Corporation Pte Ltd” as the transferee of
100% of the shares in Promfinaktiv. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at page 77.

(d) On 5 August 2009, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at pp 79 to 82.

Mr Lee emails the defendant to point out to him that Promfinaktiv’s corporate
charter prohibits the transfer of shares to third parties. Mr Lee asks the
defendant to have the charter amended immediately to facilitate the transfer
of Promfinaktiv to the plaintiff’s nominee.

(e) On 6 August 2009, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at pp 79 to 82.

the defendant emails Mr Lee to inform him that the defendant has initiated the
change in Promfinaktiv’s charter. The defendant describes the process and
conveys his expectation that the change can be effected within a matter of
days.

(f) On 21 August 2009, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at p 83.

the defendant emails Mr Lee apologising for the delay in effecting the changes
to Promfinaktiv’s charter. He also informs Mr Lee that the “[n]ext step and
final step” would be to submit the changes to the Russian tax authorities
which he will do the following Monday.

(g) On 23 February 2010, 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at p 86.

the defendant emails Mr Lee telling him that the changes to Promfinaktiv’s
charter have been effected, that the relevant documents are being notarised
and legalised and that the defendant is “ready to conclude the [sale and
purchase agreement] with [the plaintiff’s] lawyers”.

(h) On 27 April 2010, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at pp 79 to 82.

Mr Lee emails the defendant a 2007 valuation of the Russian property and asks
him for an updated estimate of its value. It appears that this email is a
follow up to a telephone conversation between the plaintiff and the defendant
on the same subject.

It ultimately emerged that the defendant did not have clear legal title to the
Russian property. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 30.

As a result, the defendant never did transfer Promfinaktiv or the Russian
property to the plaintiff.

25 In November 2011, because the defendant had failed to perform both of his
obligations under the April 2008 agreement, the plaintiff commenced action
against MBIR to recover the sum of US$1.39m owing on the unpaid invoices. In
April 2013, MBIR failed to comply with an unless order in that action. As a
result, the plaintiff secured a judgment in default for the full sum against
MBIR. MBIR has not paid the judgment debt or any part of it to date. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 31.

26 In March 2015, the plaintiff commenced this action against the defendant to
recover US$1.3m, or in the alternative damages for breach of the April 2008
agreement. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 32.

27 In October 2015, MBIR was wound up by the court in proceedings unrelated to
the subject-matter of this action. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

ORC7298/2015 dated 30 October 2015 in HC/CWU 216/2015.

In June 2016, MBIR was struck off the companies register. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit, para 5 and page 21.

The plaintiff’s case

28 The plaintiff’s case on its account of the facts is a straightforward
action for breach of contract. It proceeds as follows. The defendant signed
the April 2008 written agreement. He is therefore bound by it. He has failed
to perform his obligations under it. He is therefore liable to the plaintiff
for breach of contract.

29 The plaintiff’s principal difficulty is evidential: it is unable to prove
by direct evidence that the defendant signed the April 2008 written agreement.
I use the term “direct evidence” here and throughout this judgment in the
technical sense given to that term by s 62(1) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, Rev
Ed 1997).

30 The plaintiff finds itself in this evidential difficulty because it accepts
that the parties did not execute the April 2008 written agreement on the same
occasion and in each other’s presence. In other words, even on the plaintiff’s
case, Mr Lee did not see the defendant sign the written agreement and
therefore cannot give direct evidence of that fact. All that the plaintiff is
able to say is that the defendant returned the written agreement to the
plaintiff, duly signed by the defendant, before end April 2008. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Plaintiff’s further and better particulars dated 7 March 2016 (Amendment No 1)
at para 1(d).

The defendant, on the other hand, presents direct evidence – in the form of
his own oral evidence – that he did not sign the document. Self-serving though
his oral evidence might be, it is still direct evidence; its self-serving
nature goes only to the weight to be attached to it.

31 In the absence of direct evidence that the defendant signed the April 2008
written agreement, the plaintiff has to rely on circumstantial evidence to
establish this fundamental fact. The plaintiff relies on three strands of
circumstantial evidence.

32 The first strand comprises the emails exchanged between the defendant and
Mr Lee in 2008 (see [13] and [19] above). 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at paras 27 and 29.

The plaintiff relies on these emails as evidence that the parties had reached
an oral agreement, the terms of which were then recorded in writing in the
April 2008 written agreement. The plaintiff’s point is that the preceding oral
agreement makes it more likely that the defendant signed the April 2008
written agreement, because it does no more than record the terms of the
parties’ oral agreement reached on 2 April 2008.

33 The second strand of circumstantial evidence comprises the emails exchanged
between the defendant and Mr Lee in April 2009 (see [22] above). 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at paras 27 and 29.

The plaintiff’s point is that if the defendant did not sign the April 2008
written agreement, he would have protested when the plaintiff called upon him
to perform his obligations under the agreement a year later in April 2009. But
he did not protest.

34 The third strand of circumstantial evidence is the defendant’s attempts,
again without protest, to perform both of his obligations under the April 2008
agreement. Thus, the plaintiff submits that the five post-dated cheques
totalling US$600,000 which the defendant issued in favour of the plaintiff in
May 2008 (see [21] above) were issued in performance of the defendant’s
obligation under the April 2008 agreement to pay the plaintiff US$600,000 by
way of post-dated cheques. Likewise, the defendant’s efforts between April
2009 and April 2010 to transfer Promfinaktiv to the plaintiff – as evidenced
by the emails exchanged during this period (see [23] above) – were efforts by
the defendant to comply with his obligation under the April 2008 agreement to
bring about a transfer of the Russian property to the plaintiff. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 29.

35 To summarise the plaintiff’s case on limitation, it is first necessary to
describe how the limitation issue arises. The plaintiff’s case is that it
entered into an agreement in writing with the defendant in April 2008. The
plaintiff commenced this action in March 2015, well over six years later. If
the plaintiff’s cause of action for breach of the April 2008 agreement arose
at any time before March 2009, being six years before the plaintiff commenced
this action, the plaintiff’s action is time-barred by s 6(1)(a) of the
Limitation Act.

36 To meet this defence, the plaintiff relies on the email sent by the
defendant to Mr Lee on 4 April 2009 (described at [22(b)] above) as an
acknowledgment by the defendant of the plaintiff’s claim in this action within
the meaning of s 26(2) of the Limitation Act. The plaintiff’s case, therefore,
is that its right of action against the defendant is deemed by s 26(2) to have
accrued on 4 April 2009 and not before. The plaintiff commenced this action
within six years of 4 April 2009 and it is therefore not time-barred.

The defendant’s account

37 The defendant’s account of events at and following the February 2008
meeting amounts to little more than a denial of the plaintiff’s account.

38 The defendant denies that there was any discussion of MBIR’s debt to the
plaintiff at the February 2008 meeting. The topic of discussion at the meeting
was not how MBIR was going to repay its debt to the plaintiff. The topic of
discussion, instead, was the problems which MBIR was facing in receiving the
goods from the plaintiff and MBIR’s resulting set-offs and cross claims
against the plaintiff. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript (Day 1) at p 137 (lines 6 to 25).

39 The defendant denies that he signed the April 2008 written agreement. His
evidence is that his credit card bills suggest that he was in Moscow and not
Singapore between 29 March 2008 and 13 April 2008. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 15.

He therefore challenges the authenticity of his signature on the April 2008
written agreement 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 26.

and asserts that it “is not [his] signature and was forged”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 21.

40 The defendant denies that he had anything to gain by entering into an
agreement – such as the April 2008 agreement – that would make him personally
liable for the US$1.3m which MBIR owed to the plaintiff. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 25.

After all, he had only a half-share in MBIR and was not responsible for its
debts. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at paras 7 to 9, 22
and 25.

His evidence is that it is not in his nature to undertake personal liability
in that way and that US$1.3m is a large amount of money for him. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 22.

41 The defendant denies that the five post-dated cheques which he issued in
favour of the plaintiff totalling US$600,000 were an attempt to perform his
obligation under the April 2008 agreement to pay US$600,000 to the plaintiff.
62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 45.

Instead, his evidence is that he issued these cheques to pay for coffee
products which MBIR purchased from the plaintiff. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 21.

Further, although he accepts that he countermanded the cheques, his evidence
is that he was justified in doing so, because the plaintiff failed to deliver
the products. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 46.

42 The defendant denies that the email correspondence about the transfer of
Promfinaktiv to the plaintiff is evidence of the defendant’s attempt to
perform his obligations under the April 2008 agreement. Instead, the attempted
transfer Promfinaktiv was in relation to a separate joint venture between the
plaintiff and the defendant to package the plaintiff’s products in Russia
using packaging machines to be housed on the Russian property. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Certified Transcript (Day 1) at page 130 line 7 to page 131 line 20.

43 The defendant denies the authenticity of 14 out of the 16 emails on which
the plaintiff relies as evidence in this action and which I have summarised
above (at [14]–[16], [22] and [24]):

(a) The defendant formally disputes the authenticity of five of these emails:
66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Notice disputing authenticity of documents (27 October 2015).

those dated 5 March 2008 (see [15] above), 11 March 2008 (see [16] above), 4
April 2009 (see [22(a)] and [22(b)] above) and 9 April 2009 (see [22(c)]
above). All of these emails were disclosed in the plaintiff’s original list of
documents filed on 7 September 2015.

(b) The defendant’s evidence in chief disputes the authenticity of four
additional emails: 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at paras 29 to 30 and
Tab L of Exhibit MNK-3.

those dated 3 April 2008 (see [19] above), 29 May 2009 (see [24(b)] above), 21
August 2009 (see [24(f)] above) and 23 February 2010 (see [24(g)] above). The
defendant’s position is that he had never seen any of these emails before this
litigation and that he “believes” that he did not send them. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 30.

All of these emails were disclosed in the plaintiff’s first supplementary list
of documents filed on 22 April 2016.

(c) The defendant’s reply written submissions, tendered after trial, reject
the authenticity of a further five emails: 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Defendant’s reply submissions (30 June 2017) at para 4, page 6,

those dated 29 February 2008 (see [14] above), 11 April 2009 (see [22(d)]
above), 31 July 2009 (see [24(c)] above), 6 August 2009 (see [24(e)] above)
and 27 April 2010 (see [24(h)] above). All of these emails were disclosed in
the plaintiff’s second supplementary list of documents filed on 8 March 2017.

44 There are only two emails on which the plaintiff relies and whose
authenticity the defendant has not disputed: the emails dated 13 April 2009
(see [24(a)] above) and 5 August 2009 (see [24(d)] above). Both of these
emails were also disclosed in the plaintiff’s supplementary list of documents
filed on 8 March 2017. However, the defendant’s failure to challenge the
authenticity of these two emails appears to result more from the defendant’s
oversight than from a considered decision to accept their authenticity. On the
other hand, the defendant expressly accepts the authenticity of the draft
undertaking attached to the email of 29 February 2008, even though he disputes
the authenticity of the covering email itself.

45 Because the defendant denies the authenticity of these emails, he also
denies that they are capable of being evidence of anything at all. In
particular, he denies the plaintiff’s case that these emails are
circumstantial evidence that he signed the April 2008 written agreement and
that he attempted to perform his obligations under the agreement.

46 Finally, the defendant denies that the plaintiff has brought its claim
within the six-year limitation period applicable to claims for breach of
contract 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 35.

and, further, denies that he acknowledged his liability to the plaintiff
within the meaning of s 26(2) of the Limitation Act.

The defendant’s case

47 Based on his account of the facts, the defendant’s case is as follows:

(a) His signature on the April 2008 written agreement is a forgery. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 21.

(b) The plaintiff’s action is time-barred under the Limitation Act. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 2) at para 7.

48 I should point out at this stage that the defendant’s pleading is deficient
in two material respects.

49 The first deficiency is that the defendant does not plead in terms that his
signature on the April 2008 written agreement is a forgery. His pleaded
defence is simply that he did not enter into the April 2008 agreement. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 2) at para 5.

But he does assert expressly in his affidavit of evidence in chief that his
signature on the April 2008 written agreement “was forged”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 21.

And both parties have prepared for trial on the basis that the defendant’s
case is that what purports to be his signature on the April 2008 written
agreement is a forgery. The defendant’s failure to plead forgery has caused no
prejudice to the plaintiff. I therefore deal with the defendant’s allegation
of forgery on the merits rather than excluding it in limine on a technicality
of pleading.

50 The second deficiency is that the defendant does not plead in terms that
the 4 April 2009 email is a fabrication. The plaintiff in its statement of
claim anticipates a limitation defence and therefore specifically and pre-
emptively pleads the 4 April 2009 email as an acknowledgment by the defendant
of his liability to the plaintiff. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Statement of claim (Amendment No 1) at para 6.

Despite this, the defendant does not in his defence specifically plead in
response that this email is a fabrication. His plea in response amounts simply
to a denial that he sent that email. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Defendant’s defence (Amendment No 2) at para 7.

However, the 4 April 2009 email is one of the emails the authenticity of which
the defendant formally disputed by his notice filed on 27 October 2015. Both
parties prepared for trial on the basis that the 4 April 2009 email – and
indeed all of the emails on which the plaintiff relies – are fabrications.
Once again, therefore, I deal with the defendant’s allegations of fabricated
emails on the merits, rather than excluding it in limine on a technicality of
pleading.

Issues to be determined

51 The two principal issues which I must determine are therefore:

(a) Did the defendant sign the April 2008 written agreement?

(b) Is the plaintiff’s action time-barred?

52 Before I determine these two principal issues, however, there is an
anterior evidential issue which I must determine. Whenever a party adduces any
evidence other than direct evidence, there are three evidential issues which
must be addressed but which must be kept conceptually distinct in the
analysis. The first is authenticity of the evidence. The second is
admissibility of the evidence as going to the truth of the statements which
the evidence contains. The third is the weight to be attached to the evidence.

53 Authenticity is a necessary condition of admissibility. It is true that
formal proof of authenticity is commonly dispensed with in civil cases. But
that should not be allowed to obscure the fundamental evidential point that,
until authenticity is established, admissibility has no meaning. Evidence
which has been fabricated is no evidence at all: it is incapable of proving
anything other than, perhaps, the very fact that it has been fabricated.

54 The email evidence before me is critical to both of the principal issues
which I have to determine. If the defendant is correct, and the emails are
fabricated, there is no circumstantial evidence at all that the defendant
signed the April 2008 agreement 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions (16 June 2017) at paras 17 to 31.

and his direct evidence to the contrary stands unrebutted. More specifically,
if the 4 April 2009 email is fabricated, it can in no way amount to an
acknowledgment within the meaning of s 26(2) of the Limitation Act and cannot
operate to defeat the defendant’s limitation defence. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions (16 June 2017) at paras 39 to 42.

55 I must therefore determine the anterior evidential issue of whether the
emails are authentic. And I must determine that anterior evidential issue
before I can even consider the further evidential questions of whether the
emails are admissible and the weight to be attached to them, let alone
determine the two principal issues before me on the merits of this action.

Are the emails authentic?

56 Authenticity is a condition of admissibility. The plaintiff is the party
who adduces these emails in evidence through Mr Lee. Section 106 of the
Evidence Act places squarely upon the plaintiff the burden of proving the
facts necessary to establish the threshold question of authenticity.

The parties’ evidence

57 The plaintiff seeks to discharge this burden with a combination of direct
evidence of fact and expert evidence of opinion.

58 The direct evidence of fact is Mr Lee’s evidence that, on the dates and
times stated on the face of each of the emails: (a) he composed and sent those
emails which bear his name as the sender and the defendant’s name as
recipient; and (b) he received those emails which bear the defendant’s name as
the sender and Mr Lee’s name as recipient. The expert evidence on which the
plaintiff relies is a report from an information technology expert, Mr Alireza
Fazelinasab, who examined and analysed the metadata embedded in the email
header of the original, electronic version of each of nine disputed emails.
These nine emails are the emails disclosed in the plaintiff’s initial list of
documents (see [43(a)] above) and in its first supplementary list of documents
(see [43(b)] above). Mr Fazelinasab’s opinion is that the emails are authentic
in that their “contents…remain complete and unaltered. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Alireza Fazelinasab’s affidavit of evidence in chief (2 March 2017) at paras
11 to 13.

59 To meet the plaintiff’s case on authenticity, the defendant too relies on
direct evidence of fact and expert evidence of opinion. The direct evidence is
the defendant’s oral evidence that he did not, at any time: (a) send the
emails alleged to have originated from him; and (b) receive the emails alleged
to have been sent to him. The expert evidence on which the defendant relies is
an opinion from another information technology expert, Mr Pravin Kumar Pandey.
Mr Pandey examined the same nine emails which Mr Fazelinasab examined and
conducted the same type of analysis on their headers. Mr Pandey’s conclusion,
however, is that the authenticity of the emails “appears to be questionable”.
80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions (16 June 2017) at para 61; Pravin Kumar
Pandey’s affidavit of evidence in chief (1 March 2017) at p 28, para 18.1.

60 Neither expert expresses an opinion on the remaining five emails which the
defendant challenged only in his reply submissions (see [43(c)] above). The
defendant complains that he has been severely prejudiced by not having had a
reasonable opportunity to produce an expert report from Mr Pandey analysing
the headers in these additional five emails because the plaintiff disclosed
these emails too close to trial. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendant’s reply submissions (30 June 2017) at para 4, page 9.

61 The defendant’s complaint is not well-founded. The plaintiff disclosed
these additional five emails almost seven weeks before trial. I consider that
period to be sufficient time for the defendant to have commissioned a report
on these five emails. I note that Mr Pandey took possession of the electronic
copies of the nine disputed emails on 1 July 2016 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Pravin Kumar Pandey’s affidavit of evidence in chief (1 March 2017) at p 9,
para 4.1.

and delivered his fairly detailed report on those emails within 11 weeks, on
16 September 2016. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Pravin Kumar Pandey’s affidavit of evidence in chief (1 March 2017) at p 6.

Considering that the defendant was presented with these five additional emails
to be analysed on 8 March 2017, and given that a fresh report from Mr Pandey
on them would have had the considerable advantage of building upon work Mr
Pandey had already done for his initial report on the nine disputed emails, it
appears to me that almost seven weeks was a sufficient period for Mr Pandey to
analyse these five further emails.

62 Quite apart from that, I also consider that this period of almost seven
weeks was sufficient time for the defendant to secure at least a preliminary
view from Mr Pandey whether there were any additional grounds for challenging
these five additional emails over and above the grounds Mr Pandey had already
identified and advanced for challenging the nine disputed emails in his
initial report. Mr Pandey did not suggest any such additional grounds.

63 Despite these findings, I do not shut the defendant out from challenging
these five remaining emails. Because of my finding at [62] above, however, I
proceed on the basis that the authenticity of these five additional emails
stands or falls with the authenticity of the nine disputed emails which Mr
Pandey did examine and analyse.

An analogy

64 The easiest way to conceptualise the parties’ cases on authenticity and to
understand the experts’ reports is by drawing an analogy between an email and
an ordinary letter, and to consider each disputed email as though it were
instead a letter which the plaintiff alleges was sent by the sender to the
recipient on or about the date which it bears. In the analogy which follows, I
shall draw a distinction between an email’s human-readable contents and to its
computer-readable contents. That distinction is something of an
oversimplification: the truth of the matter is that an email in its original
form is entirely and only computer-readable. What I mean, then, when I refer
to human-readable contents are those contents of an email which a standard
email client in ordinary usage renders human-readable when displaying an email
either on the screen or in print. An email’s computer-readable contents,
therefore, are those contents of an email which a standard email client in
ordinary usage does not render human-readable when displaying an email either
on the screen or in print.

65 On this analogy, the sender’s letter to the recipient is the analogue of
the textual content of an email which is human-readable. The sender’s and the
recipient’s street addresses recorded on the letter’s envelope are the
analogues of the human-readable email address of the sender and the recipient
of the email. The postal system is the analogue of the email system. The
postmark and other sorting information imprinted on the envelope by the post
offices through which the letter passes are the analogue of the computer-
readable metadata attached automatically to each email as it is transmitted
from server to server.

66 What the plaintiff is seeking to do in this case is, by analogy, to adduce
in evidence through Mr Lee and to rely upon a number of letters. The plaintiff
asserts that the letters which appear on their face to originate from Mr Lee
and to be addressed to the defendant were in fact written by Mr Lee and were
in fact sent and delivered by the postal system to the defendant. The
plaintiff asserts also that the letters which appear on their face to
originate from the defendant and to be addressed to Mr Lee were in fact
written by the defendant and were in fact delivered by the postal system to Mr
Lee. Finally, the plaintiff asserts that all of these letters were in fact
sent and received, on or about the dates indicated by the postmarks on the
envelopes in which each letter was posted and received, on various dates
between February 2008 and April 2010.

67 Taking the analogy further, what the defendant asserts is that the
plaintiff has fabricated all of these letters and that none of them were ever
sent by the ostensible author or delivered to the ostensible recipient through
the postal system, whether on the dates which they bear or otherwise. The
plaintiff’s fabrication includes the contents of the letters, the signatures
on them, the envelopes in which the plaintiff claims the letters were sent or
received and the postmarks which the envelopes bear. The fabrication even
encompasses the invisible computer-readable metadata in each email, for which
there is no physical analogue in a letter. Thus, the defendant says, none of
the disputed emails are capable of being evidence of anything.

68 An inquiry into the authenticity of email correspondence is aided by a
feature of email correspondence which has no analogue in analogue
correspondence. Every email, in its original electronic form, has a computer-
readable header created and attached to the email by the email system.
Embedded in the email header is metadata, ie data about the data in the email.
An email’s metadata includes data about, amongst other things: (a) the route
which the email takes as it is relayed from server to server on its way to its
addressee; and (b) a comprehensive set of time stamps. The information about
the route is recorded in the header as a series of internet protocol (“IP”)
addresses. The time stamps recorded in the header include the email’s
“Creation Time”, “Submit Time”, “Delivery Time”, “Sent” and “Last
Modification” time.

69 An email client will extract some – but crucially, not all – of the
computer-readable metadata from the header and render it human-readable. Thus,
the email address of the sender is automatically extracted from the metadata
and rendered human readable by the recipient’s email client. But of the
several time stamps recorded in the header, only the “Sent” time is rendered
human-readable. And the routing information including the IP addresses are not
rendered human-readable at all. The metadata in a particular email’s header
which is not automatically rendered human-readable can be rendered human-
readable and examined only by special tools. Further, this is possible only if
one has access to the native, electronic version of the email. It is precisely
this exercise which the parties’ respective information technology experts
have undertaken.

Three possibilities

70 The issue of authenticity is not only an anterior evidential issue. The
finding on authenticity, one way or the other, has far-reaching ramifications
for the credibility of the parties’ witnesses and their respective cases.

71 I take as my starting point the fact that amnesia on either side can be
discounted. I consider the chances that Mr Lee and the defendant could have
sent and received so many emails which are so critical to the issues in
question in this action and have forgotten all about all of them, even after a
lapse of almost a decade, are so fanciful that they can be safely disregarded.

72 The manner in which the parties have presented their respective cases on
authenticity to me therefore leaves one of only three possible conclusions
open to me.

73 The first possible conclusion is that the emails are genuine. If so, all of
the information set out in the emails’ human-readable and the computer-
readable contents can be taken at face value. It follows from this conclusion
that: (a) each email was composed by its ostensible author and submitted to
the email system from his email address; (b) the email system delivered each
email to its ostensible recipient at his email address; and (c) the header
records accurately the date and time at which the email was so submitted and
delivered.

74 This conclusion leads to a finding that Mr Lee’s evidence is the truth and
the defendant’s denials are false. But the result of this conclusion goes much
further than that. Amnesia having been discounted, this conclusion excludes
the possibility that the defendant is an honest but mistaken witness. Of
necessity, this conclusion dictates that the defendant did write and receive
the emails at or about the time they each bear, that he knows that he did, and
that he is deceiving the court when he claims that he did not.

75 The second possible conclusion is that the emails are fabrications. If so,
none of the emails – whether in the human-readable or in the computer-readable
contents – is capable of being evidence.

76 This conclusion leads to a finding that Mr Lee’s evidence is false and that
the defendant’s evidence is the truth. But, once again – amnesia having been
discounted – it cannot be that the disbelieved witness is honest but mistaken.
Mr Lee must know that he has perjured himself by testifying that he sent and
received these emails between February 2008 and April 2010. Further, because
Mr Lee is presenting these emails to the court as authentic with knowledge
that they are not, he must either have fabricated these emails himself or been
complicit in their fabrication.

77 The final possible conclusion is an intermediate position. On this
alternative, Mr Lee did: (a) send the emails which originated from him on the
dates and times indicated on their face; and (b) did receive responses to them
at or around the same time. But, unknown to him, he was corresponding with a
third party who was impersonating the defendant. This conclusion leads to a
finding that both Mr Lee and the defendant are honest witnesses and posits a
third party who, through electronic trickery, impersonated the defendant
electronically between 2008 and 2010 and made it appear to Mr Lee that the
defendant was his correspondent. This possibility was referred to at trial as
“spoofing”. Emails can be spoofed without access to the computer of the
ostensible sender and even without access to his email account.

78 But some of the disputed emails originated from Mr Lee and were addressed
to the defendant. So, this conclusion also leads to a finding that the third
party had access to the defendant’s computer, or at the very least to his
email account, so as to intercept Mr Lee’s emails and ensure that the
defendant would never receive them. Further, the third party would have had to
have intercepted and diverted only Mr Lee’s emails to the defendant in order
to avoid arousing the defendant’s suspicions by preventing all of his incoming
emails from getting through.

The expert evidence

79 I now turn to consider the experts’ evidence on authenticity. The key
difficulty in this case is that there are discrepancies in the IP addresses
and time stamps recorded in each email header. The experts draw differing
conclusions from the discrepancies. It is Mr Pandey who points out the
discrepancies and Mr Fazelinasab who attempts to explain them. It is therefore
convenient to start with Mr Pandey’s evidence. I am conscious throughout,
however, that the burden of proof on the issue of authenticity rests on the
plaintiff, and on the plaintiff alone.

80 I now consider each expert’s evidence in turn.

Defendant’s expert evidence

81 The defendant’s expert, Mr Pandey, accepts that the “Submit Time” and
“Delivery Time” recorded in the header of each email shows that each email was
delivered to the recipient within a second of being submitted by the sender.
84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Pravin Kumar Pandey’s affidavit of evidence in chief (1 March 2017) at paras
8.5, 9.5, 10.5, 11.5, 12.7, 13.5, 14.5, 15.8 and 16.5.

He accepts, further, that the “Delivery Time” recorded for each email is
consistent with the “Sent” time visible in the human-readable text of each
email. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Pravin Kumar Pandey’s affidavit of evidence in chief (1 March 2017) at paras
8.2, 9.2, 10.2, 11.2, 12.2, 13.2, 14.2, 15.2 and 16.2.

And the header records the same email addresses for both the sender and the
recipient as is visible in the human-readable content of the email. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Pravin Kumar Pandey’s affidavit of evidence in chief (1 March 2017) at paras
8.6, 9.10, 10.9, 11.8, 13.7, 14.8, 15.8 and 16.8.

82 However, Mr Pandey points to the following discrepancies in the time stamps
and routing information recorded in the headers:

(a) The header in all of the emails record that they were “Received” – as
opposed to being “Delivered” – years later, on either 19 or 20 December 2012.
87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Pravin Kumar Pandey’s affidavit of evidence in chief (1 March 2017) at pp 12,
14, 15, 17, 19, 20, 22, 23 and 26.

(b) The header for the first five emails record their “Creation Time” as being
identical: 15 December 2015 at precisely the same time of the day, down to the
second. Such a coincidence is “improbable” unless the first five emails were
“created as a batch”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Pravin Kumar Pandey’s affidavit of evidence in chief (1 March 2017) at p 27.

(c) The header for the first five emails record their “Last Modification Time”
as 24 November 2015, years after they were ostensibly sent.

(d) The header for the last four emails record their “Creation Time” as being
identical: 3 June 2016 at precisely the same time of the day, down to the
second. Such a coincidence is “improbable” unless the last four emails were
“created as a batch”. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Pravin Kumar Pandey’s affidavit of evidence in chief (1 March 2017) at p 27.

(e) The headers for the last four emails record their “Last Modification Time”
as April 2016, with the exception of the 29 May 2009 email, whose header
records its “Last Modification Time” as 29 May 2009. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Pravin Kumar Pandey’s affidavit of evidence in chief (1 March 2017) at pp 13,
14, 16, 17, 21, 22 and 26.

(f) Some of the disputed emails for which multiple electronic copies were made
available to Mr Pandey have no header recording the “Creation Time”, contrary
to what would be expected with authentic emails. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Pravin Kumar Pandey’s affidavit of evidence in chief (1 March 2017) at p 27.

(g) The routing information in the header contains only internal IP addresses.
The external IP address of the sender and of the servers through which the
email passed on its way to its recipient are not recorded in the routing
information in the header. An email which had been transmitted over the
internet – as opposed to one transmitted over an intranet – would record
external IP addresses in its routing information. The absence of external IP
addresses suggests that these emails were sent between two computers within a
closed network. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Pravin Kumar Pandey’s affidavit of evidence in chief (1 March 2017) at pp 27
to 28.

83 As a result of these discrepancies, Mr Pandey arrives at two conclusions:

(a) The electronic copies of the emails provided to him are likely not to be
the original electronic copies of the disputed emails which the plaintiff
claims to have sent to or received from the defendant; 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Pravin Kumar Pandey’s affidavit of evidence in chief (1 March 2017) at p 28,
para 17.7.

and

(b) The authenticity of the emails provided to him “appears to be
questionable”. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions (16 June 2017) at para 61; Pravin Kumar
Pandey’s affidavit of evidence in chief (1 March 2017) at p 28, para 18.1.

84 It is notable that Mr Pandey is unable to conclude from the 2012 “Creation
Time” recorded in the headers of the disputed emails that they are likely to
have been created in 2012 by transmission within the plaintiff’s internal
email network. Similarly, he is unable to conclude from the 2015 or 2016 “Last
Modification Time” recorded in the headers that these emails were modified in
2015 or 2016. Certainly, under cross-examination, he acknowledged that he did
not have enough information to conclude that the emails were likely to have
been spoofed or fabricated. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Transcript (Day 3) at p 55 (lines 13 to 21).

85 Nevertheless, the defendant relies on Mr Pandey’s evidence as having
established that the disputed emails are not genuine. Thus, the defendant
submits that the “most damning” evidence is that the headers of the emails
suggest that these emails were never transmitted over the internet. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Defendant’s closing submissions (16 June 2017) at para 79.

Plaintiff’s expert evidence

86 The plaintiff’s expert, Mr Fazelinasab, arrives at the following
conclusions:

(a) The disputed emails are authentic, complete and unaltered and not the
result of a fabrication; and

(b) The discrepancies in the headers which Mr Pandey identifies are the result
of changes which arose in the ordinary course of communicating and storing the
emails.

87 For the second of his conclusions, Mr Fazelinasab relies on Mr Lee’s
evidence that the plaintiff’s email system underwent a migration from
Microsoft Outlook to Google’s email servers in December 2012. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief (8 March 2017) at paras 37 to 38
and p 136.

Mr Fazelinasab opines unequivocally that the discrepancies in the “Creation
Time” and “Last Modification Time” recorded in the email headers are the
result of the plaintiff’s email migration. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Alireza Fazelinasab’s affidavit of evidence in chief (2 March 2017) at paras
11 to 13.

Specifically, Mr Fazelinasab gave the following evidence:

(a) Using a tool which Google makes available on the internet for public use,
he verified that the IP addresses recorded in the emails’ routing information
belong to Google’s email servers. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Alireza Fazelinasab’s affidavit of evidence in chief (2 March 2017) at para
13(a).

Mr Fazelinasab conceded that these IP addresses are not unique to Google and
are used as internal IP addresses in intranets around the world. But he
maintained that the internal IP addresses recorded in the header belong to
Google because the official tool that he used relies on more than just IP
addresses to determine the origin of emails. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Transcript (Day 2) at pp 11 (lines 10 to 15) to 12 (lines 5 to 16).

(b) The headers in the emails have a boolean flag for “Google-migrated” set to
true. That indicates that the emails were indeed migrated to Google’s email
servers as Mr Lee testified. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Transcript (Day 2) p 8 (lines 3 to 7).

(c) The fact that the headers record that the emails were “Received” in
December 2012 corresponds with the email migration exercise to Google’s
servers, which took place in December 2012. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Alireza Fazelinasab’s affidavit of evidence in chief (2 March 2017) at para
13(c).

(d) The “Creation Time” and “Last Modification Time” date stamps record the
time in December 2015 and June 2016 that the emails were isolated and exported
for the purposes of this litigation. This also explains why some of the emails
share exactly the same “Creation Time”. It is because they were exported at
the same time in a batch process, just as Mr Pandey surmised. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Alireza Fazelinasab’s affidavit of evidence in chief (2 March 2017) at para
13(d).

Authenticity

88 The email headers are critical on the anterior evidential issue of
authenticity. But a header is not direct evidence of authenticity in the same
way as Mr Lee’s oral evidence is. The header is electronic data recorded
automatically and contemporaneously by a computer when an email is sent and
while it is en route.

89 For the headers to be admissible as evidence of the truth of their contents
on the anterior evidential issue of authenticity, the plaintiff must establish
their admissibility under a provision of the Evidence Act. Section 62(1) of
the Evidence Act is of no assistance because the headers are neither oral
evidence nor direct evidence.

Presumption of regularity for electronic records

90 The plaintiff relies on the presumption in s 116A(1) of the Evidence Act.
That provision, for present purposes, entitles the court to presume that an
electronic record has been produced accurately on a given occasion if that
electronic record is produced by a device which, if properly used, ordinarily
produces an electronic record. The presumption created by s 116A(1) is not, of
course, absolute. It is rebutted if sufficient evidence is adduced to raise
doubt about the presumption. The provision and its accompanying illustration
are as follows:

Presumptions in relation to electronic records

116A.―(1) Unless evidence sufficient to raise doubt about the presumption is
adduced, where a device or process is one that, or is of a kind that, if
properly used, ordinarily produces or accurately communicates an electronic
record, the court shall presume that in producing or communicating that
electronic record on the occasion in question, the device or process produced
or accurately communicated the electronic record.

Illustration

A seeks to adduce evidence in the form of an electronic record or document
produced by an electronic device or process. A proves that the electronic
device or process in question is one that, or is of a kind that, if properly
used, ordinarily produces that electronic record or document. This is a
relevant fact for the court to presume that in producing the electronic record
or document on the occasion in question, the electronic device or process
produced the electronic record or document which A seeks to adduce.

91 Within the rubric of s 116A(1) of the Evidence Act, the role of the
evidence from the parties’ experts is to assist me in determining whether
sufficient doubt has been raised about the presumption such that I should not
admit the headers of the disputed emails as evidence of the truth of their
contents. I therefore have to consider two questions. First, has the plaintiff
discharged its burden to bring these electronic records within s 116A(1) of
the Evidence Act? If so, the rebuttable presumption applies prima facie. The
next question then arises: has the defendant adduced “evidence sufficient to
raise a doubt about the presumption”?

Has the plaintiff brought these electronic records within s 116A(1)

92 The defendant argues that the plaintiff has failed to bring these
electronic records within s 116A(1) of the Evidence Act. More specifically,
the defendant argues that the plaintiff has failed to adduce evidence in
relation to the technical aspects of the email migration that the plaintiff
claims took place in December 2012. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Defendant’s reply submissions (30 June 2017) at para 60.

He takes the position that it is insufficient for the plaintiff to rely on Mr
Lee’s own evidence that he used a personal computer connected to the internet
to migrate the emails. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Transcript (Day 4) at p 44 (lines 12 to 21).

He also argues that the plaintiff ought to have called the person who printed
out the emails as a witness at trial before the emails can be adduced as
evidence. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Transcript (Day 4) at p 45 (lines 21 to 30).

93 Both of the defendant’s arguments miss the point.

94 The first argument misses the point because it does not address the focus
of the first question which arises under s 116A(1). The first question is
whether the plaintiff has discharged its burden to bring these electronic
records within s 116A(1). Adapting the language of s 116A(1) to the facts of
this case, that requires only that the plaintiff show that the device (a
personal computer) or a process (email) is of a kind which, if properly used,
ordinarily produces an electronic record. The electronic records which the
plaintiff wishes to rely upon are the email headers which contain metadata
recording, amongst other things, the date and time on which the defendant sent
a disputed email to Mr Lee and the date and time on which Mr Lee sent a
disputed email to the defendant’s email address. The question now is whether a
personal computer and the email process ordinarily creates email headers. The
defendant’s point about the email migration has nothing to do with that
question. Within the rubric of s 116A(1), this point should properly be raised
when analysing whether the presumption is rebutted, not when analysing whether
the presumption arises at all.

95 The defendant’s second argument too misses the point. It is risible to
suggest that a person who prints an email ought to be called as a witness
before that email becomes admissible under s 116A(1). The legislative purpose
of s 116A(1) of the Evidence Act is to facilitate the use of electronic
records as forensic evidence (Telemedia Pacific Group Ltd v Credit Agricole
(Suisse) SA (Yeh Mao-Yuan, third party) [2015] 1 SLR 338 (“Telemedia Pacific
Group”) at [250]). In the case of an email, the electronic record is not the
human-readable contents of the email in printed form. The electronic record is
the computer-readable version of the email in its original electronic form. If
an electronic record comes within the scope of s 116A(1), rendering that
electronic record human-readable by using a standard email client to print it
on paper does not create new evidence for which a new test of admissibility
needs to be applied. The printed version does nothing more than set out the
electronic record in human-readable form. It is not suggested that the printed
versions are in any way inaccurate renditions of the human readable contents
of the emails.

96 Applying s 116A(1) of the Evidence Act to the facts before me, I am
satisfied that the presumption operates in the plaintiff’s favour. I note that
the provision was intended to avoid requiring the person who relies on the
electronic record to have detailed technical knowledge of the process behind
its production. Therefore, for the presumption to apply, it suffices that that
person has a broad understanding of the process (Telemedia Pacific Group at
[255]). Mr Lee’s evidence as the lay operator of his email system (the
process), comprising both his personal computer (the hardware) and the email
client (the software), suffices to satisfy me that the device or process in
question which produced the disputed electronic records in his email inbox or
sent folder was one which ordinarily produces electronic records. That is
virtually axiomatic. The presumption arises.

97 With the presumption in place, the burden shifts to the defendant to prove
on the balance of probabilities that the presumption should not apply. The
defendant has failed to do this. Although Mr Pandey suggested a number of
discrepancies with the headers of the disputed emails, this is insufficient to
tilt the balance in the defendant’s favour for the following reasons:

(a) First, Mr Fazelinasab opines that the discrepancies with the header
identified by Mr Pandey are explained by the email migration which took place
in December 2012 (see [87] above).

(b) Second, Mr Pandey accepts that the headers indicate that an email
migration did take place. But even though he was aware that a migration could
have taken place, he did not take into account the possibility of a migration
affecting the header when preparing his report. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Transcript (Day 3) at pp 30 (lines 1 to 25) to 31 (lines 1 to 12).

That is a factor which detracts significantly from the weight to be attached
to his opinion.

(c) Third, Mr Pandey is not an expert in Google email migration. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Transcript (Day 3) at p 31 (lines 24 to 25).

His evidence in relation to the impact of a Google email migration on email
headers is therefore based on his general understanding and not on any
specific expertise in relation to Google email migration. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Transcript (Day 3) at p 33 (lines 5 to 17).

(d) Fourth, Mr Pandey accepts that there are various ways to migrate emails to
Google’s servers, and that it was possible that different methods would affect
email headers differently. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Transcript (Day 3) at pp 32 (lines 10 to 25) to 33 (lines 1 to 4).

(e) Fifth, and perhaps most importantly, Mr Pandey accepts that he does not
have sufficient information to determine whether the emails are authentic or
not. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Transcript (Day 3) at p 56 (lines 14 to 21).

98 I therefore view Mr Pandey’s findings with circumspection, particularly
given that he failed to consider the possibility of an email migration when
preparing his report and given that he is not an expert in Google email
migration. Indeed, the concession from Mr Pandey that his evidence does not go
so far as to opine that the emails are fabricated or spoofed underscores the
defendant’s inability to rebut the presumption under s 116A(1) of the Evidence
Act.

99 I also discount the defendant’s objection that the plaintiff has failed to
call a representative of the external information technology contractor who
handled the plaintiff’s email migration in December 2012 to give direct
evidence as to the actual process which took place. I accept that Mr Lee’s
direct evidence as to the migration is sufficient. Mr Lee testified that he
personally sent and received the disputed emails and that they were initially
saved on the plaintiff’s servers. Mr Lee testified that these emails were
migrated to Google’s servers in December 2012. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at paras 36 to 37.

Mr Lee testified that, for the purposes of this litigation, the disputed
emails were simply retrieved from the inbox on his personal computer without
having their contents modified. I am conscious that this was not Mr Lee’s
initial evidence. Mr Lee initially testified that he downloaded the emails
from the plaintiff’s email server into his computer’s inbox with the help of
Mr Ng Keng Feong, the plaintiff’s information technology executive. The emails
were then saved in the Microsoft Outlook “.pst” format, used for offline email
archives, before they were uploaded to the Internet for the plaintiff’s
lawyers to retrieve. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 39.

But I accept as accurate Mr Lee’s clarification that he did not download the
emails from the server but merely retrieved the emails from the inbox on his
personal computer before Mr Ng helped him to save the emails in the “.pst”
format. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Transcript (Day 1) at pp 99 (lines 11 to 25) to 101 (lines 1 to 24).

100 In the light of all of the above, I accept Mr Fazelinasab’s opinion that
the discrepancies found in the headers of the disputed emails arose from the
migration of these emails to Google servers. I therefore find that the
defendant has failed to show that the presumption under s 116A(1) should not
apply. I therefore find that the disputed emails are authentic.

101 On the same analysis and for the same reasons, I also find that the
disputed emails are admissible as evidence of the truth of their contents
under s 116A of the Evidence Act on the two principal issues which I have to
determine on the merits of the plaintiff’s action.

102 Of the three possibilities which I raised and enumerated above at
[70]–[78], I therefore accept the first possibility and reject the second
possibility. I find that Mr Lee is an honest witness and that the defendant is
lying. I also reject the third possibility. While the defendant tried to
suggest that there might have been spoofing of the defendant’s email
communications, I find that possibility to be wholly fanciful and to be wholly
unsupported by the evidence.

103 Having found on the threshold issue that all of the emails on which the
plaintiff relies are authentic and admissible, I now proceed to determine the
two principal issues before me.

Did the defendant sign the written agreement?

104 The first principal issue I have to determine is whether the defendant
signed the April 2008 written agreement. The plaintiff’s case is that the
parties signed the April 2008 agreement, each signing separately, at some time
in April 2008 and no later than the end of April 2008, following the oral
agreement which the parties reached at the 2 April 2008 meeting. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions (16 June 2017) at p 5.

The plaintiff accepts that it has no witness who can give direct evidence that
the defendant signed the April 2008 written agreement. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Transcript (Day 1) at p 50 (lines 4 to 12).

The defendant concedes that the signature on the April 2008 written agreement
looks like his. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Transcript (Day 1) at p 151 (lines 2 to 6).

But he maintains that he did not sign it and claims that his signature has
been forged. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 21.

Burden of proving forgery

105 The burden of proving forgery is on the party alleging it (Yogambikai
Nagarajah v Indian Overseas Bank and another appeal [1996] 2 SLR(R) 774
(“Yogambikai Nagarajah”) at [39]). Counsel for the plaintiff relies on
Yogambikai Nagarajah for the proposition that the standard of proof for
proving forgery is higher than the ordinary civil standard, ie, something
higher than proof on the balance of probabilities. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions (16 June 2017) at para 58.

This is not correct. An allegation of forgery amounts to an allegation of
fraud. As the Court of Appeal held in Gimpex Ltd v Unity Holdings Business Ltd
and others and another appeal [2015] 2 SLR 686 at [183]–[184], the standard of
proof in all civil cases – even when fraud is alleged – is proof on the
balance of probabilities, nothing higher. The law does not require a party to
a civil case who alleges fraud to adduce more evidence in order to tip the
balance of probabilities in his favour.

106 It is true, however, that the law acknowledges that, on the probabilities
inherent in the general course of human experience, the more serious an
allegation is, the less likely it is that the allegation is true. That is why
the law require a person alleging fraud to adduce stronger or more cogent
evidence of fraud to discharge his burden than a person alleging, for example,
negligence.

107 In re H and other (Minors) (Sexual Abuse: Standard of Proof) [1996] 1 AC
563 (at 586D), Lord Nicholls examined, albeit in the different context of
family law proceedings, the interaction between the seriousness of an
allegation in a civil case and the standard of proof resting on the party
making the allegation:

The balance of probability standard means that a court is satisfied an event
occurred if the court considers that, on the evidence, the occurrence of the
event was more likely than not. When assessing the probabilities the court
will have in mind as a factor, to whatever extent is appropriate in the
particular case, that the more serious the allegation the less likely it is
that the event occurred and, hence, the stronger should be the evidence before
the court concludes that the allegation is established on the balance of
probability.

Fraud is usually less likely than negligence. Deliberate physical injury is
usually less likely than accidental physical injury. A stepfather is usually
less likely to have repeatedly raped and had non-consensual oral sex with his
underage stepdaughter than on some occasion to have lost his temper and
slapped her. Built into the preponderance of probability standard is a
generous degree of flexibility in respect of the seriousness of the
allegation.

Although the result is much the same, this does not mean that where a serious
allegation is in issue the standard of proof required is higher. It means only
that the inherent probability or improbability of an event is itself a matter
to be taken into account when weighing the probabilities and deciding whether,
on balance, the event occurred. The more improbable the event, the stronger
must be the evidence that it did occur before, on the balance of probability
its occurrence will be established. Ungoed-Thomas J expressed this neatly in
In re Dellow’s Will Trusts [1964] 1 WLR 451, 455: ‘The more serious the
allegation the more cogent is the evidence required to overcome the
unlikelihood of what is alleged and thus to prove it’.

This approach also provides a means by which the balance of probability
standard can accommodate one’s instinctive feeling that even in civil
proceedings a court should be more sure before finding serious allegations
proved than when deciding less serious or trivial matters.

Findings on forgery

108 After considering the evidence before me, I find that the defendant has
failed to discharge his burden of proving on the balance of probabilities that
the signature on the April 2008 written agreement is a forgery.

Preliminary evidential points

109 As a preliminary point, I note that the defendant takes issue with the
plaintiff’s evidence on the April 2008 written agreement itself. First, the
defendant submits that the plaintiff ought to have called Mr Teo (who signed
it on behalf of the plaintiff) as a witness to testify that the plaintiff had
entered into the April 2008 agreement. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Defendant’s closing submissions (16 June 2017) at para 22.

Second, the defendant submits that it weakens the plaintiff’s case
considerably that Mr Lee does not remember the order in which the parties
signed the April 2008 written agreement. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Defendant’s closing submissions (16 June 2017) at para 23.

Third, the defendant points out that the April 2008 written agreement bears a
stamp suggesting that Mr Teo signed it in August 2011 and not in April 2008.
122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Defendant’s closing submissions (16 June 2017) at para 24; Transcript (Day 4)
at p 29 (lines 24 to 32).

110 None of these submissions assist the defendant.

111 On the defendant’s first submission, the April 2008 written agreement
bears a signature which the document itself describes as Mr Teo’s signature.
Mr Lee has given direct evidence that Mr Teo signed the April 2008 written
agreement. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Plaintiff’s reply submissions (30 June 2017) at para 30; Transcript (Day 1) at
p 44 (lines 8 to 19).

That evidence, if accepted, suffices in itself to prove Mr Teo’s signature
without any need for Mr Teo himself to testify. In any event, the defendant
has not put the authenticity of Mr Teo’s signature in issue.

112 On the defendant’s second submission, the order in which each party signed
the April 2008 written agreement is irrelevant to the only point now in issue,
which is whether the defendant’s signature is genuine. Any uncertainty about
the sequence in which the parties signed the April 2008 written agreement can
go, at best, only to Mr Lee’s credibility as a witness and not to the merits
of the plaintiff’s case. But even on credibility, any small detraction from Mr
Lee’s credibility cannot overcome the mortal wound to the defendant’s
credibility by my finding that he has attempted knowingly to deceive the court
by falsely characterising the disputed emails as fabrications when they are in
fact genuine.

113 On the defendant’s third submission, it is true that the plaintiff has
offered no explanation for the August 2011 date stamp appearing on the
original April 2008 written agreement. Ultimately, however, that is also
irrelevant to the question of whether the defendant’s signature is genuine. As
counsel for the defendant concedes, even if I were to find that Mr Teo signed
the April 2008 written agreement only in August 2011, the defendant would
nevertheless be bound by the agreement if I were also to find that his
signature on it is genuine. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Transcript (Day 4) at p 33 (lines 1 to 28).

114 To discharge his burden of proof on forgery, the defendant relies on both
his own direct evidence and on expert evidence.

The defendant’s evidence

115 I consider first the defendant’s direct evidence that his signature on the
April 2008 written agreement is a forgery. There are a number of
unsatisfactory aspects about the defendant’s evidence. These aspects, coupled
with my finding that the defendant knowingly lied that the disputed emails are
fabricated, leaves the defendant bereft of all credibility.

116 The first unsatisfactory aspect of the defendant’s direct evidence is that
he is thoroughly equivocal on the issue of forgery. His initial evidence in
his affidavit of evidence in chief is that he does “not recall entering into”
the April 2008 agreement. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at paras 15 and 19.

Later in his affidavit, he asserts affirmatively that his signature on the
April 2008 written agreement is not his “signature and was forged”. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 21.

Then, in the very same paragraph, he equivocates again by repeating that he
does “not recall signing any such document”.

117 Saying that one did not sign a document is quite clearly different from
saying that one does not recall signing a document. The former disavows the
signature entirely whereas the latter leaves open the possibility that the
signature is genuine but the signer has forgotten about it. The defendant is a
relatively sophisticated businessman, fluent in the English language. He
clearly appreciates the distinction. His equivocation casts serious doubt on
his allegation of forgery.

118 The second unsatisfactory aspect of the defendant’s direct evidence is
that he equivocates again on the meetings leading up to the April 2008
agreement and what was discussed during these meetings. For example, he
initially accepted that he met the plaintiff’s representatives on 2 April
2008. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Transcript (Day 1) at p 139 (lines 4 to 7).

But he subsequently resiled from this position, stating that he was unsure
whether he was in Singapore at that time. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Transcript (Day 1) at p 139 (lines 8 to 9).

When pressed on his equivocation, he equivocated further, this time by
retreating to a middle position: he testified that he does not remember
whether he attended the meeting but accepts that he could have been there. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Transcript (Day 1) at p 149 (lines 6 to 21).

119 The final unsatisfactory aspect of the defendant’s direct evidence is his
attempt to grasp at straws to support his position that his signature on the
April 2008 written agreement is a forgery. For instance, he points out that
his ostensible signature appears in black ink whereas he never signs documents
in that colour because only signatures in blue ink are accepted in Russia. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Transcript (Day 1) at p 151 (lines 8 to 13).

120 This evidence is weak and a clear afterthought. It is weak because the
April 2008 written agreement has no legal connection to Russia. It records an
agreement between a Singapore citizen (the defendant) and a Singapore company
(the plaintiff) reached at a meeting in Singapore in relation to a Singapore-
sited debt owed to the plaintiff by a third party (MBIR) incorporated in
Singapore. Further, the defendant adduced no evidence, even indirectly, to
make good his assertion that it is mandatory in Russia to sign legal documents
with blue ink or that it is his invariable habit to sign legal documents with
blue ink even outside Russia.

121 The defendant’s evidence on this point is an afterthought because it
appears nowhere in his pleadings or in his affidavit of evidence in chief.

122 The defendant also argues that he could not have signed the April 2008
written agreement because it is likely that he was out of Singapore at that
time. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at p 73.

But he produces little documentary evidence to support this claim. He merely
adduces a credit card statement showing that he used his credit card in Russia
on 29 March 2008 and again on 13 April 2008 and suggests on that basis that he
was likely to have been in Russia throughout that period because he lives
there. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at p 38.

But that does not prove that he was in Russia on or about 2 April 2008 or that
he could not have signed the April 2008 written agreement. And, as I have
pointed out above, when the defendant was pressed in cross-examination on this
point, he conceded that he could have been at the 2 April 2008 meeting. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Transcript (Day 1) at pp 143 (lines 19 to 25) to 144 (lines 1 to 4).

123 In any event, I note that precisely where the defendant was when he signed
the April 2008 written agreement is no part of the plaintiff’s case. Its case
is merely that the defendant signed the April 2008 agreement somewhere and
returned it to the plaintiff by the end of April 2008. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Plaintiff’s further and better particulars (Amendment No 1) at para 1(d).

Thus, although Mr Lee could not remember whether the defendant was in
Singapore on or after 3 April 2008, he testified that the plaintiff would have
despatched the April 2008 written agreement to Russia for the defendant’s
signature if that was where the defendant was at that time. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Transcript (Day 1) at p 46 (lines 23 to 25).

Thus, even if the defendant is right that he was outside Singapore on and
after 3 April 2008, that has no bearing on whether he did or did not sign the
April 2008 written agreement.

124 In summary, the defendant’s direct evidence on the issue of forgery is
equivocal when it should be unequivocal and relies on non sequiturs. I find
that the equivocation and the non sequiturs are not the result of genuine
uncertainty but are instead the result of a deliberate lack of candour.

125 I turn now to consider the expert evidence on which the defendant relies.

The expert evidence

126 The expert evidence on which the defendant relies is an expert report by
the Health Sciences Authority of Singapore (“HSA”) and The Forensic Experts
Group (“FEG”). Both experts analysed the signature said to be the defendant’s
on the April 2008 written agreement and provide an expert opinion on whether
it is in fact his signature. Both experts are unable to conclude that the
signature is a forgery. The HSA opines that the signature “is too simple in
design and limited in nature for an effective examination to be made”. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at p 67.

In a similar vein, the FEG opines that the simple design of the signature
means that it cannot determine whether the signature is genuine or forged. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at p 73.

127 The defendant relies on these reports to submit that the evidence is
inconclusive as to whether he actually signed the April 2008 written
agreement. That submission amounts to reversing the burden of proof on the
question of forgery. It is the defendant’s burden to prove positively that his
signature on the April 2008 written agreement is forged. These expert opinions
do not help the defendant to discharge his burden. On the contrary, as the
plaintiff points out, the FEG report actually suggests that there is no
forgery involved 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Plaintiff’s reply submissions (30 June 2017) at para 8.2.

by effectively ruling out three indications of forgery. Thus, the report
confirms that there are neither “signs of cut and paste manipulation”,
“indication of impressed or handwritten guidelines which might be associated
with a tracing process”, nor “signature impressions which might be associated
with a ‘practising’ process”. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at p 73.

128 I therefore find that the defendant has failed to produce sufficient
evidence to establish on the balance of probabilities that the signature on
the 2 April 2008 written agreement which is said to be the defendant’s
signature is in fact a forgery. I therefore find that the defendant did sign
the 2 April 2008 written agreement.

The defendant’s attempts to perform his obligations

129 To the extent that it is necessary, I find also that the defendant
attempted to perform his obligations under the April 2008 agreement. The
evidence of these attempts goes beyond the defendant’s failure to prove
forgery and is positive evidence which supports the plaintiff’s case that the
defendant did sign the April 2008 written agreement and accepted that he was
bound by it.

130 The defendant attempted to perform his obligations under the April 2008
agreement in two ways: (a) by attempting to transfer the Russian property to
the plaintiff by transferring Promfinaktiv to the plaintiff; and (b) by
issuing to the plaintiff five post-dated cheques totalling US$600,000.

Transfer of the Russian property

131 In cross-examination, the defendant accepted that he took steps to
transfer the Russian property to the plaintiff. Because Russian law prevents a
foreign company such as the plaintiff from owning property in Russia, 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Transcript (Day 4) at p 24 (lines 14 to 26).

the steps which the defendant took were steps to transfer Promfinaktiv itself
to the plaintiff or its nominee. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Transcript (Day 1) at pp 131 (lines 19 to 23) and 130 (lines 1 to 6).

132 These efforts by the defendant are borne out by the emails. For example,
in an email dated 29 May 2009, the defendant tells Mr Lee that he will discuss
with the plaintiff’s lawyer a transfer of Promfinaktiv (see [24(b)] above).
142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at p 66.

Similarly, in an email dated 23 February 2010, the defendant tells Mr Lee that
he is ready to conclude a share transfer agreement with the plaintiff’s
lawyers (see [24(g)] above). 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at p 86.

133 Although the defendant accepts that he was trying to transfer the Russian
property to the plaintiff by transferring Promfinaktiv to the plaintiff, he
explains that he was not doing so pursuant to the April 2008 agreement.
Instead, he was doing so for the purposes of the parties’ “joint venture
packaging operations in Russia”. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Transcript (Day 1) at p 131 (lines 16 to 20).

But there is no evidence to support a finding that any such joint venture ever
existed. And there is evidence which contradicts its existence.

134 Thus, for example, the amended draft undertaking which the defendant sent
to Mr Lee on 29 February 2008 (see [14] and [44] above) explicitly connected a
transfer of the Russian property to a partial discharge of the debt which MBIR
owed to the plaintiff. This strongly suggests that the steps which the
defendant eventually took to transfer the Russian property to the plaintiff
were ultimately referable to MBIR’s debt to the plaintiff and not to any
alleged joint venture packaging operation. The draft undertaking undercuts the
defendant’s contention that his attempts to transfer Promfinaktiv to the
plaintiff were unconnected to MBIR’s debt to the plaintiff and hence
unconnected to the April 2008 agreement. When the defendant was confronted
with the draft undertaking in cross-examination, he was at a loss for words.
His response was only to complain that it is difficult to do business in
Russia. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions (16 June 2017) at para 27.

135 It is also noteworthy that the defendant initially claimed not to remember
instructing his solicitors at that time to amend the draft undertaking. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Transcript (Day 1) at p 124 (lines 4 to 8).

He admitted this only after counsel for the plaintiff threatened to issue a
subpoena to the solicitor in question. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Transcript (Day 1) at pp 126 (lines 7 to 10) and 196 (lines 3 to 20).

This prevarication further undermined what remained of the defendant’s
credibility and reinforces my conclusion that the defendant signed the April
2008 written agreement and accepted that he was bound to perform his
obligations under it.

Five post-dated cheques

136 The other way in which the defendant attempted to perform his obligations
under the April 2008 agreement was by issuing five cheques totalling
US$600,000 to the plaintiff. These cheques were issued in amounts ranging from
US$50,000 to US$200,000 and were post-dated with dates ranging from 3 May 2008
to 31 May 2008. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Transcript (Day 1) at p 164 (lines 15 to 17); Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of
evidence in chief at pp 56 to 57.

All of the cheques were dishonoured upon presentation. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Lee Chee Tak’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 24.

The defendant does not deny that he issued these cheques. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Transcript (Day 1) at p 163 (lines 6 to 25).

Once again, though, he claims that he did not do so in order to perform his
obligations under the April 2008 agreement but in connection with other
unrelated transactions with the plaintiff. Once again, his evidence is
unsupported and inconsistent.

137 First, the defendant avers that he issued these five cheques to the
plaintiff in the “normal course of business” 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Transcript (Day 1) at p 164 (lines 3 to 11).

as payment for coffee products that MBIR purchased from the plaintiff under an
agreement which MBIR purportedly had with the plaintiff in 2004. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 45.

He claims that he issued at least 20 to 25 cheques to the plaintiff in this
way, totalling more than $2m. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Transcript (Day 1) at p 164 (lines 3 to 11).

It is also his evidence that all the other cheques issued in this way were
honoured upon presentation. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Transcript (Day 1) at pp 165 (lines 20 to 25) to 166 (lines 1 to 4).

138 I do not accept the defendant’s evidence. There is no mention of these
other 20 to 25 cheques in the defendant’s affidavit of evidence in chief. The
defendant also produced no documentary evidence to support his contention. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Transcript (Day 1) at p 166 (lines 5 to 8).

Expecting some documentary evidence is not asking too much. These additional
20 to 25 cheques are the defendant’s own cheques drawn on his own bank. They
ought to be easily available to the defendant, if they exist. Equally, there
ought to be some documentary evidence available to the defendant of the
underlying transactions to which these cheques are said to be referable either
directly, from his own or MBIR’s records, or indirectly, through discovery
from the plaintiff.

139 Second, in a bid to show that these five cheques have nothing to do with
the April 2008 agreement, the defendant explains that he countermanded the
cheques because MBIR did not receive the goods in question from the plaintiff
because they were blocked at Russian customs after a counterfeit claim was
filed against them. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 46.

140 I do not accept this evidence either. It is, to my mind, too much of a
coincidence that the April 2008 agreement obliged the defendant to issue post-
dated cheques totalling US$600,000 in favour of the defendant and that the
defendant did precisely that shortly after, in April or May 2008. It is true
that the April 2008 agreement required the defendant to issue two post-dated
cheques totalling US$600,000 instead of five post-dated cheques totalling
US$600,000. But the fact remains that these five cheques add up to US$600,000
as stipulated in the April 2008 agreement, and there is no evidence to support
the defendant’s contention that he issued the cheques pursuant to another
agreement or transaction. On the contrary, the only evidence showing that
goods were blocked at customs pursuant to a counterfeit claim is a diplomatic
note dated 28 December 2007. That is dated long before the defendant issued
the five cheques, let alone his countermand of them. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at pp 32–34;
Transcript (Day 1) at pp 166 (lines 5–25) to 167 (lines 1–11).

This weighs heavily against the defendant’s contention that these cheques were
related to some earlier transaction and unrelated to the April 2008 agreement.

141 I also accept that the defendant issued five post-dated cheques instead of
two because the plaintiff extended the defendant an indulgence by waiving the
requirement under the April 2008 agreement for only two cheques. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Transcript (Day 4) at p 10 (lines 4 to 12).

This indulgence is consistent with the plaintiff’s further indulgence in not
suing the defendant upon breach of the April 2008 agreement or when the post-
dates cheques were dishonoured. I accept Mr Lee’s evidence that the plaintiff
indulged the defendant because its wished to find an alternative resolution
and continue working with him if possible. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Transcript (Day 1) pp 87 (lines 11 to 25) to 88 (lines 1 to 10).

142 I therefore find that the defendant issued the five post-dated cheques to
the plaintiff in an attempt to perform his obligations under the April 2008
agreement.

Conclusion on forgery

143 In conclusion, the defendant proved to be a thoroughly unreliable witness
on the question of the forgery of his signature, just as he did on the
question of fabrication of the disputed emails. He was deliberately equivocal
in his evidence in chief and palpably evasive under cross-examination. He
showed himself unwilling to commit to a position on critical aspects of his
case. The reports of the handwriting experts were of no aid to him, bearing in
mind that he bore the burden of proof on the issue of forgery.

144 For all of the reasons I have set out above, I find that the defendant
signed the April 2008 agreement, was contractually bound by it and accepted
that he was so bound by taking steps to perform his obligations under it.

Whether the plaintiff’s action is time-barred

145 The second principal issue that I have to determine is whether the
plaintiff’s action is time-barred. By the plaintiff’s own case, the April 2008
agreement was signed in or around April 2008. But the plaintiff commenced this
action in March 2015, more than six years later. Accordingly, the defendant
pleads that this action is time-barred under s 6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act.

146 Section 6(1)(a), as will be known, prevents an action in contract from
being brought more than six years after the cause of action accrues. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Defendant’s closing submissions (16 June 2017) at para 113.

The defendant is correct that this action is time-barred if (but only if) the
plaintiff’s cause of action accrued before March 2009.

147 The defendant’s case on limitation assumes that the plaintiff’s cause of
action on the April 2008 agreement accrued in April 2008. Taking that view
implies that the April 2008 agreement required the defendant to carry out his
obligations immediately and that he was in breach of contract as soon as he
signed it. In fact, the agreement is silent on the time frame within which the
defendant is obliged to perform his obligations. Indeed, the fact that the
defendant delivered and the plaintiff accepted the post-dated cheques and took
time to procure the transfer of Promfinaktiv to the defendant suggests that
neither party considered the defendant’s performance obligation to be
immediate. And so it must be an implied term of the April 2008 agreement that
the defendant should perform his obligations within a reasonable period after
April 2008. I assume in the defendant’s favour that that reasonable period
expired before March 2009, such that the plaintiff’s action was commenced more
than six years after the defendant breached the April 2008 agreement.

148 In response, the plaintiff argues that the 4 April 2009 email amounts to
an acknowledgement within the meaning of s 26(2) of the Limitation Act. It
submits that its cause of action therefore accrued on 4 April 2009, and that
its action is not time-barred because the plaintiff commenced action before 4
April 2015. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions (16 June 2017) at paras 100 to 111.

149 Section 26(2) of the Limitation Act provides that where a defendant
acknowledges a cause of action to recover a debt or other liquidated pecuniary
claim, the cause of action is deemed to have accrued on the date of the
acknowledgement and not before that date:

Where any right of action has accrued to recover any debt or other liquidated
pecuniary claim…and the person liable or accountable therefor acknowledges the
claim…, the right shall be deemed to have accrued on and not before the date
of the acknowledgement….

150 It is apposite to note at this point that the defendant has by his own
pleading failed to take full advantage of the limitation defence open to him.
It is a well-established procedural rule that a defendant cannot avail himself
of a limitation defence unless he raises it by an express plea. It is
therefore necessary to analyse the defendant’s express limitation plea in
order to understand the scope of the limitation defence as pleaded.

151 The pleadings in this action comprise only a statement of claim and a
defence. There is no counterclaim and the plaintiff did not file a reply. The
plaintiff’s principal claim is for the liquidated sum of US$1.3m. Its
alternative claim is for unliquidated damages for breach of contract. The
issue with the defendant’s limitation plea arises because only the plaintiff’s
primary claim is a claim “to recover [a] debt or liquidated pecuniary claim”
to which s 26(2) applies. Section 26(2) does not apply to the plaintiff’s
alternative claim for unliquidated damages.

152 On the pleadings, unusually, it was the plaintiff who took the initiative
to raise the limitation issue, albeit obliquely. Its statement of claim
expressly and pre-emptively pleads that the defendant’s 4 April 2009 email
“acknowledged the debt owed by the Defendant to the Plaintiff” 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 6.

under the April 2008 agreement. The defendant’s response in its defence is:
(a) to plead that the plaintiff’s cause of action did not accrue within the
six years preceding the commencement of this action; 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 2) at para 7.

and (b) to deny the plaintiff’s pleading that the 4 April 2009 email amounts
to an acknowledgment and to put the plaintiff to proof on that point. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 2) at para 8.

153 The defendant’s limitation plea – and indeed the entire thrust of his
affidavit of evidence in chief and submissions on the limitation point –
accepts that his limitation defence to the defendant’s alternative
unliquidated claim stands or falls with his limitation defence to the
plaintiff’s primary liquidated claim, even though s 26(2) of the Limitation
act does not apply to the former. The defendant has therefore failed to plead
the full protection of the Limitation Act in relation to the defendant’s
alternative claim.

154 The plaintiff’s alternative claim will therefore not be time-barred if the
plaintiff can establish that the 4 April 2009 email is authentic and is an
acknowledgment sufficient to defeat the defence of limitation on the
plaintiff’s primary claim.

155 On limitation, the defendant argues that: (a) the 4 April 2009 email is
not authentic; 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Defendant’s closing submissions (16 June 2017) at para 117.

and (b) that it does not constitute an acknowledgement within the meaning of s
26(2) of the Limitation Act. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Defendant’s closing submissions (16 June 2017) at paras 145 to 159.

156 I deal with these two arguments in turn.

Whether the 4 April 2009 email is authentic

157 Having found that all of the disputed emails are authentic (see
[96]--–[100] above), it is not necessary for me to deal with the authenticity
of the 4 April 2009 email separately. I add only that the defendant once again
equivocates on whether he sent the email. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions (16 June 2017) at paras 39 to 42.

In his affidavit of evidence in chief, the defendant avers that he did not
send the email. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Mysore Nagaraja Kartik’s affidavit of evidence in chief at para 28.

When cross-examined at trial, he equivocated. He first said that the email
could have been sent by him 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Transcript (Day 1) at p 156 (lines 7 to 9).

and then said that he did send the email. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Transcript (Day 1) at p 183 (lines 2 to 6).

In re-examination, he said that he could not be sure because he could not
remember whether he sent the email. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Transcript (Day 1) at pp 183 (lines 11 to 25) to 184 (lines 1 to 4).

158 In my judgment, one ought reasonably to expect the defendant to know
whether he sent the email, especially when it is a key pillar of his defence.
His prevarication in this respect reduced his already-diminished credibility
and supports the finding I have already reached that the 4 April 2009 email is
authentic.

Whether the 4 April 2009 email amounts to an acknowledgement

An acknowledgement under the Limitation Act

159 The final issue that I have to consider is whether the 4 April 2009 email
amounts to an acknowledgement within the meaning of s 26(2) of the Limitation
Act. I begin by examining the law on what constitutes an acknowledgement.

160 The plaintiff relies on the case of Fairview Developments Pte Ltd v Ong &
Ong Pte Ltd and another appeal [2014] 2 SLR 318. In that case, the Court of
Appeal held at [93] that an acknowledgment need only admit that a debt remains
due. It is not necessary for the acknowledgment to state the amount that is
due as long as the amount can be ascertained by reference to extrinsic
evidence. Further, the statement which is alleged to be an acknowledgment must
be seen and construed in context.

161 Contrary to the defendant’s contention, 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Defendant’s closing submissions (16 June 2017) at para 148.

therefore, the test for whether a statement amounts to an acknowledgement
within the meaning of s 26(2) of the Limitation Act is not a strict one.
Indeed, this was made clear in Murakami Takako (executrix of the estate of
Takashi Murakami Suroso, deceased) v Wiryadi Louise Maria and others [2007] 4
SLR(R) 565 at [36] where the Court of Appeal emphasised that an acknowledgment
does not have to be direct or explicit as long as it is a “sufficiently clear
admission”.

Analysis of the 4 April 2009 email

162 Construing the 4 April 2009 email in context, it is clear that the
defendant did acknowledge his indebtedness to the plaintiff under the April
2008 agreement. I set out the body of the email in full:

Subject: Re: Our Agreement dated 2/04/2008

Dear mr.Lee

As I have earlier indicated i plan to amicably settle with your goodself and
will give you a proposal the coming week.

Looking forward to a amicable business relationship with super.

regards

kartik

[emphasis added]

163 In this email, the defendant expressly acknowledged the “Agreement dated
2/04/2008” in the subject line, and acknowledged that he planned to “settle”
with the plaintiff in the body of the email. The defendant thus acknowledged
his obligations to the plaintiff under the April 2008 agreement, at least a
part of which was to pay the plaintiff a liquidated sum of US$600,000. That
liquidated sum, though not mentioned in the 4 April 2009 email, is readily
ascertainable by reference to the terms of the April 2008 written agreement.

164 The defendant’s acknowledgement is made even clearer when one considers
that the 4 April 2009 email was the defendant’s response to an email from Mr
Lee, which refers to an “agreement to settle the outstanding account between
[the parties]”:

Subject: Our Agreement dated 2/04/2008

Dear Mr. kartik,

We refer to said agreement to settle the outstanding account between our
companies.

Unfortunately, we are still not able to resolve this matter though we have
been given you varies [sic] settlement options over the year upon your
requests.

Hence, kindly take notice that we will not hesitate to commence the necessary
legal action to recover the FULL amount owing by MBI Russia Pte Ltd if we do
not receive any satisfactory final settlement proposal from you by 7/04/2009.

Please feel free to contact us should you require any further clarification.

Thanks and regards,

Lee Chee Tak

[emphasis added]

165 The defendant argues that the 4 April 2009 email does not constitute an
acknowledgement for a number of reasons. First, he points out that the email
from Mr Lee to which it responds refers to an agreement “between our
companies”. He argues that Mr Lee was thus referring to an agreement between
the plaintiff and MBIR, and not to an agreement between the plaintiff and the
defendant personally. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Transcript (Day 4) at pp 60 (lines 5 to 15) and 65 (lines 19 to 28).

But it is the defendant’s own case that there was no agreement between the
plaintiff and the MBIR. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Transcript (Day 4) at p 62 (lines 1 to 17).

Therefore, the only plausible reading of Mr Lee’s email is that he was
referring to the April 2008 agreement between the plaintiff and the defendant
personally. In my view, the word “companies” here signifies no more than the
very common conflation of an individual with a company of which he is the
principal.

166 Second, the defendant points out that the body of the 4 April 2009 email
does not contain an express reference to the April 2008 agreement. He argues
that the only reference to the 2 April 2008 agreement is in the subject line
of the email (ie, “Re: Our Agreement dated 2/04/2008”), which is insufficient
to constitute an acknowledgement of the debt because the text of the subject
line originated from Mr Lee. All that the defendant did was to leave the
subject line unchanged when he replied on 4 April 2009. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Transcript (Day 4) at p 72 (lines 2 to 10).

In a similar vein, the defendant argues also that the subject line refers to
an oral agreement allegedly concluded at the 2 April 2008 meeting, and not to
the April 2008 written agreement under which the plaintiff now claims. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Defendant’s closing submissions (16 June 2017) at para 152.

167 The defendant’s first contention is misconceived. The point is not that
the reference to the 2 April 2008 agreement originated from the defendant, but
that the defendant in his response on 4 April 2009 neither changed the subject
line which originated from Mr Lee nor rejected Mr Lee’s suggestion that there
was such an agreement. Instead, he merely told Mr Lee that he “plan[ned] to
amicably settle with [the plaintiff]”. Read together with the subject of the
email, the defendant did acknowledge his obligation under the April 2008
agreement, at least part of which was to pay a liquidated sum of US$600,000.

168 The defendant’s second contention is also misconceived. The April 2008
written agreement is titled “Record of agreement by parties at a meeting held
on 2nd April 2008 at 3:30 p.m. to 4:45 p.m., at No. 2 Senoko South Road, Super
Industrial Building, Singapore 038987” [emphasis added]. Therefore, as the
plaintiff points out, 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Plaintiff’s reply submissions (30 June 2017) at para 44.

the subject of the 4 April 2009 email is a reference to the title of the April
2008 agreement, not to the oral agreement.

169 Third, the defendant argues that the use of the verb “plan” in the 4 April
2009 email does not amount to an acknowledgement because it merely evinces an
aspiration on the defendant’s part to perform his obligations under the April
2008 agreement at some point in the future. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Transcript (Day 4) at p 69 (lines 19 to 31).

And relying on the English Court of Appeal case of Good v Parry [1963] 2 All
ER 59, the defendant argues that such a statement is not an acknowledgement
within the meaning of s 26(2) of the Limitation Act. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Defendant’s closing submissions (16 June 2017) at para 157.

But Good v Parry does not stand for the proposition alleged by the defendant.
As will be seen, it stands for the proposition that an acknowledgement must
contain an admission that a debt of an ascertainable quantum exists.

170 In Good v Parry, a landlord brought an action against a tenant for rent.
The tenant argued that the action was time-barred under s 2 of the English
Limitation Act 1939 (c 21) because the cause of action for arrears of rent
accrued more than six years before the action was commenced. In response, the
landlord adduced a letter which he claimed operated as an acknowledgement
sufficient to extend the time within which he could bring the action. The
salient portion of the letter stated as follows: “The question of outstanding
rent can be settled as a separate agreement as soon you present your account”
(Good v Parry at 60).

171 The English Court of Appeal held that the letter did not constitute an
acknowledgement. Lord Denning MR observed that an acknowledgment must be in
relation to a quantified debt or to a debt that can be ascertained by
calculation or extrinsic evidence without further agreement (Good v Parry at
61). He held that the statement fell short of an acknowledgement because there
was no admission of any debt that was defined or ascertainable by calculation
(Good v Parry at 62). Danckwerts LJ agreed, noting that the letter merely
admitted the possibility of a claim, but not that a debt existed (Good v Parry
at 62). Similarly, Davies LJ held that the letter did not acknowledge the
existence of a claim, but that there might be one (Good v Parry at 62).

172 It is thus apparent that Good v Parry merely requires an acknowledgement
to admit a debt, the quantum of which is either defined or capable of
ascertainment by extrinsic evidence (David W Oughton, John P Lowry & Robert M
Merkin, Limitation of Actions (LLP Reference Publishing, 1998) at p 153).

173 On the facts, the quantum of the plaintiff’s liquidated pecuniary claim
against the defendant, which was acknowledged by the defendant, can be easily
ascertained by reference to the April 2008 written agreement as amounting to
US$600,000. Accordingly, I find that the 4 April 2009 email is an
acknowledgment within the meaning of s 26(2) of the Limitation Act.

174 In light of the defendant’s failure to raise an express plea that an
acknowledgement within s 26(2) of the Act does not suffice to defeat the
plaintiff’s alternative unliquidated claim, that finding suffices to defeat
the defendant’s limitation defence to both the plaintiff’s primary claim as
well as to the plaintiff’s alternative claim.

175 The plaintiff’s action is therefore not time-barred. It was commenced by
the plaintiff within six years of the acknowledgment, ie, before 4 April 2015.

Conclusion

176 For the foregoing reasons, I find to be authentic: (a) all of the emails
relied upon by the plaintiff; and (b) the defendant’s signature on the April
2008 agreement. I also find that the plaintiff’s action is not time-barred.
Accordingly, I find liability in this action in the plaintiff’s favour.

177 Further, although this action is bifurcated, the plaintiff has established
in this phase of the proceedings that the defendant owes the plaintiff the
liquidated sum of US$600,000. On that aspect of the plaintiff’s claim, there
are no damages to be assessed. I have therefore ordered the defendant to pay
to the plaintiff:

(a) the sum of US$600,000 with interest thereon at the rate of 5.33% per annum
from 24 March 2015 to 14 August 2017;

(b) damages for his failure to transfer the Russian property to the plaintiff,
with such damages to be assessed by the court; and

(c) the costs of and incidental to this phase of this action, with such costs
to be taxed if not agreed.

178 Because the defendant’s liability to the plaintiff under the April 2008
agreement arises from the same underlying debt as MBIR’s judgment debt to the
plaintiff, there is at least a possibility of double recovery. Given that MBIR
is defunct, (see [27] above), that possibility is fanciful and theoretical in
the extreme. Nevertheless, to eliminate any prospect of double recovery, the
plaintiff has undertaken to the court to give credit to the defendant for any
sums which the plaintiff recovers from MBIR against the defendant’s liability
to the plaintiff under the judgment in this action. That undertaking is a
sufficient measure to eliminate even a theoretical risk of double recovery.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge

Bryan Ghows and Ahmad Firdaus Daud (Taylor Vinters Via LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Edmond Pereira and Goh Chui Ling (Edmond Pereira Law Corporation) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

