Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL OF the republic of singapore

[2018] SGCA(I) 04

Civil Appeal No 126 of 2017

Between

QILIN WORLD CAPITAL LTD  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

CPIT INVESTMENTS LTD  
---  
  
… Respondent

Civil Appeal No 145 of 2017

Between

CPIT INVESTMENTS LTD  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

QILIN WORLD CAPITAL LTD  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Singapore International Commercial Court – Suit No 5 of 2016

Between

CPIT INVESTMENTS LTD  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

QILIN WORLD CAPITAL LTD  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Costs] — [Singapore International Commercial Court]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Qilin World Capital Ltd

  
v

  

CPIT Investments Ltd and another appeal

[2018] SGCA(I) 04

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeals Nos 126 and 145 of 2017  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Bernard Rix IJ and Dyson Heydon IJ  
24 April 2018

11 July 2018 Judgment reserved.

Dyson Heydon IJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 These reasons concern the costs of certain proceedings both at trial and on
appeal. In the proceedings from which the present appeal was brought, CPIT
Investments Ltd (“CPIT”) brought claims against Qilin World Capital Ltd
(“Qilin”) arising from a loan agreement (“the Loan Agreement”) secured by
certain shares. CPIT asserted that Qilin had wrongfully disposed of these
shares when it was not entitled to do so under the Loan Agreement, and thus
held the proceeds on constructive trust for CPIT. On 17 July 2017, the learned
trial judge (Vivian Ramsey IJ) made an order that Qilin held HK$31.25m on
constructive trust for CPIT and granted related relief. But he also dismissed
CPIT’s claim that Qilin’s conduct had caused a very large fall in the value of
certain other shares owned by CPIT which were not used as security for the
loan (see CPIT Investments Ltd v Qilin World Capital Ltd [2017] 5 SLR 1 (“CPIT
v Qilin (trial judgment)”).

2 By Civil Appeal No 126 of 2017 (“CA 126”), Qilin appealed against the orders
relating to the constructive trust. By Civil Appeal No 145 of 2017 (“CA 145”),
CPIT appealed against the order rejecting its claim that Qilin was responsible
for the fall in the value of its shares.

3 On 5 March 2018, the trial judge made costs orders reflecting CPIT’s success
before him. He ordered Qilin to pay S$47,906.20 by way of costs and
disbursements for interlocutory applications, S$384,000.00 as costs for the
rest of the proceedings, and S$28,600.26 plus HK$648,427.57 as disbursements
for the proceedings, excluding interlocutory applications (see CPIT
Investments Ltd v Qilin World Capital Ltd [2018] SGHC(I) 02 (“CPIT v Qilin
(costs judgment)”)).

4 On 6 March 2018, this court allowed Qilin’s appeal and dismissed CPIT’s
appeal (see Qilin World Capital Ltd v CPIT Investments Ltd [2018] SGCA(I) 01).

5 That disposed of all issues between the parties except costs.

The submissions of the parties

6 On 23 April 2018, CPIT’s solicitors informed Qilin’s solicitors that on 20
April 2018 they had been discharged as CPIT’s solicitors and they had no
instructions to file costs submissions on behalf of CPIT. On 24 April 2018,
Qilin’s solicitors filed written submissions concerning costs. Thereafter, the
Registry informed CPIT by letter that if it had any views on the issue of
costs, it should provide these views to the court by 21 June 2018. No response
was received.

7 It is desirable at the outset to note that in their letter of 23 April 2018,
CPIT’s solicitors contended in effect that it was not open to Qilin to seek
the costs, or all the costs, of the proceedings at trial. They requested
Qilin’s solicitors to bring the following points to this court’s attention,
which they have done:

(a) The direction from the Court of Appeal on 10 April 2018 was for parties to
deal with the question of costs of the appeals. It did not include the costs
of the proceedings below, which was not the subject of Qilin’s Notice of
Appeal in CA 126.

(b) The trial judge held that Qilin was in breach of the terms of the Loan
Agreement by disposing of the shares used as security (see CPIT v Qilin (trial
judgment) at [79] and [91]).

(c) The trial judge also found that Qilin was in repudiatory breach of the
Loan Agreement and that CPIT was entitled to terminate the Loan Agreement as
it did on 4 January 2016. Qilin did not appeal against this finding.

(d) The trial judge dismissed Qilin’s counterclaim for loss arising from
CPIT’s allegedly wrongful repudiation of the Loan Agreement. Qilin did not
appeal against this finding.

(e) Apart from the fact that Qilin’s counterclaim had been dismissed, the
Court of Appeal only ordered CPIT to return the money that Qilin had paid to
CPIT pursuant to the lower Court’s judgment in favour of CPIT. CPIT’s
solicitors suggested this was relevant to how costs would be affected by an
offer to settle made by Qilin on 29 November 2016.

8 It is desirable to put to one side an interesting question: do persons who
were once solicitors for a party to litigation but have since been discharged
have any entitlement to be heard?

9 As to point (a), the fact that the costs of the first instance proceedings
were absent from Qilin’s Notice of Appeal is not surprising. The Notice of
Appeal was filed on 20 July 2017. The decision of the trial judge on costs was
published on 5 March 2018. Despite the fact that the costs of the proceedings
below are not mentioned in the Notice of Appeal, the court is entitled and
empowered to deal with the costs of the proceedings below. Even if the Notice
of Appeal is to be regarded as deficient in this respect, it is a deficiency
which could readily be cured by amendment. In the circumstances an amendment
is not necessary.

10 As to points (b)-(d), these factors do not deal with the fact that the
result of Qilin’s appeal was to deprive CPIT entirely of the fruits of its
victory at trial. The fact that certain findings were made against Qilin, and
the fact that no appeal was brought in these respects by Qilin, overlooks the
difficulties that appeals are made against orders, not findings. The orders of
the trial judge in favour of CPIT have been set aside. The failure of Qilin in
some respects at trial was not such as to justify departing from the principle
that, prima facie, costs follow the event. Nevertheless, Qilin’s failure in
relation to certain aspects of its case will be considered in relation to one
of Qilin’s arguments (see [23]–[24] below).

11 Point (e) will be referred to later.

The trial judge’s costs orders

12 In dealing with the issue of costs, the trial judge issued a closely
reasoned judgment which contains a careful exposition of the principles
applicable to costs in the Singapore International Commercial Court. These
reasons for judgment on costs should not be read as taking issue with the
trial judge’s reasoning on costs. They simply have a different starting point.
His reasoning on costs begins with a particular view of how the substantive
issues in the litigation should be resolved. This court’s reasoning begins
with a different view of how the substantive issues should be resolved.

13 It is worth noting that, with regard to the costs of the proceedings at
first instance, Qilin has sought to be compensated in amounts which are
substantially similar to those awarded by the trial judge to CPIT, subject to
adjustments to reflect its success on appeal.

14 Qilin’s success in its appeal has the consequence that the trial judge’s
costs orders in favour of CPIT must be set aside, subject to any material
consideration urged by CPIT to the contrary. Since nothing has been urged
apart from the five points summarised above, there is no reason why the trial
judge’s costs orders should not be set aside. It is now necessary to examine
what orders should be made in their place.

Interlocutory applications

15 There were six interlocutory applications where costs were ordered to be in
the cause. The sums claimed by Qilin correspond with those ordered by the
trial judge in favour of CPIT after the conclusion of the trial, save in
relation to one component. It is reasonable to uphold Qilin’s claim, save in
relation to that component. The component concerns High Court Summons No 171
of 2016 (“SUM 171”). In disposing of that application, the trial judge awarded
CPIT S$2,000 in costs and S$400 in disbursements. Qilin submitted that it
should be awarded S$3,500 in costs and S$550 in disbursements. Qilin submitted
that the trial judge’s award of S$2,000 plus S$400 in disbursements to CPIT
was reduced from CPIT’s claim for S$3,000 plus S$494 “given that the
application related to the alter ego argument that had been dismissed in the
Merits Judgment”. Qilin continued: “Having won on appeal, Qilin is entitled to
increased costs and disbursements because it had to address the alter ego
arguments that were dismissed in the Merits Judgment”. In our view, Qilin is
not entitled to any costs at all for SUM 171. That involved an application by
CPIT for leave to serve the writ and statement of claim out of the
jurisdiction. Naturally, Qilin did not appear at this hearing. It made no
submissions. It filed no affidavits. It incurred no costs. It is also unclear
what basis Qilin has for contending that it is entitled to S$550 in
disbursements. So far as Qilin incurred costs on the alter ego issue at the
trial, there is no reason why the relatively low figures involved should not
be treated as subsumed in the overall costs order for the proceedings at first
instance excluding the interlocutory applications. Hence Qilin is entitled to
the costs and disbursements ordered by the trial judge to CPIT below, save for
those relating to SUM 171. This totals S$41,500 in costs and S$4,022 in
disbursements.

Pre-trial conferences and case management conferences

16 In relation to pre-trial conferences and case management conferences, Qilin
claimed a total of S$11,500 in costs. It claimed S$500 for each of the seven
pre-trial conferences, S$1,000 for each of five case management conferences
held before trial, and S$3,000 for one case management conference held after
trial for the purpose of the parties making submissions on costs. Given the
length and nature of the proceedings, these claims are reasonable. Hence
Qilin’s claim for S$11,500 succeeds.

Other proceedings at first instance

17 Qilin sought costs in the sum of S$50,000 for the proceedings in the High
Court up until 28 June 2016, when the dispute was transferred to the SICC. The
trial judge felt it was appropriate to award CPIT S$50,000 for this period,
but deducted S$5,000 from this sum to account for the aspects of CPIT’s claim
which had failed (see CPIT v Qilin (costs judgment) at [45]). It is reasonable
to award Qilin S$50,000 in respect of this period, given that it has
successfully resisted all of CPIT’s claims.

18 Qilin sought costs in the sum of S$206,000 for the period from 28 June 2016
up to the commencement of the trial on 13 December 2016. The trial judge
awarded CPIT S$210,500 for the same period (see CPIT v Qilin (costs judgment)
at [46] and [47]). Qilin’s claim is thus reasonable and is accepted.

19 Qilin also sought costs in the sum of S$300,000 for trial and post-trial
matters. The trial judge awarded CPIT only S$128,500 for the equivalent period
(see CPIT v Qilin (costs judgment) at [47]). Two factors support the size of
Qilin’s claim, at least to a degree.

20 One factor is that Qilin incurred the costs of engaging Senior Counsel. The
complexity of the case and the size of the sums in dispute justified that
course.

21 The second factor is that the trial judge was dealing with a state of
affairs in which CPIT had defeated Qilin on one issue, but Qilin had won on a
claim involving a much greater monetary sum. This court has to deal with a
state of affairs in which Qilin’s defeat on the first issue has been reversed,
but its victory on the second issue has been confirmed.

22 Qilin also relied on two other factors. One is that at trial it “had to
address a greater number of issues, eg, the alter ego issue”. The other
supposed “issues” are not specified. No allowance should be made for them.
Some allowance should be made for the alter ego issue. It is included in the
figure of S$225,000 awarded below.

23 The other factor on which Qilin relied to justify its claim for S$300,000
was that “the costs should reflect that Qilin had made CPIT an offer to
settle”. The offer was made on 29 November 2016, shortly before the trial
began. Qilin’s submissions were very brief: “as CPIT has obtained a judgment
not more favourable than the terms of the [offer to settle], the [c]ourt
should take into consideration the [offer to settle] in awarding costs”. The
submission did not explain how the judgment was not more favourable to CPIT
than the offer to settle, or, cast another way, that the judgment was more
favourable to Qilin than its offer to settle. The offer to settle required
CPIT to pay HK$1.25m in interest; the outcome of the proceedings is that CPIT
is not required to do this. In that respect, the outcome was less favourable
to Qilin than the offer to settle. The offer to settle also required CPIT to
relinquish its claims on the remaining shares used as security for the Loan
Agreement which Qilin had not disposed of. In that respect, the outcome of the
proceedings is about the same as that of the offer to settle, had it been
accepted. The offer to settle also required each party to bear its own costs.
In this respect the outcome of the proceeding is much worse for CPIT than the
offer to settle.

24 It might be possible to demonstrate that Qilin has achieved an outcome more
favourable than the terms of the offer to settle to a degree sufficient to
justify an increase in Qilin’s recoverable costs. But Qilin did not attempt to
demonstrate this with any clarity. It did not deal with point (e) in the
letter from CPIT’s solicitors dated 23 April 2018. If CPIT had accepted
Qilin’s offer, Qilin would have received HK$1.25m in interest (S$210,000), but
it would have had to bear its own costs to that point. Qilin has not revealed
what its actual costs were, but its claim for S$206,000 up to 13 December 2016
is being upheld. That suggests that acceptance of Qilin’s offer by CPIT would
have left Qilin bearing a loss, given that it would also have had to bear the
costs of the interlocutory steps where costs had been ordered to be in the
cause up to the date of acceptance. Another matter is that the basis of
Qilin’s offer has not been vindicated by events. The basis of the offer was
that Qilin was entitled to keep selling the shares used to secure the loan,
while also receiving some interest under the Loan Agreement. Yet the trial
judge found that Qilin was in breach of the Loan Agreement and that CPIT was
entitled to terminate it. His conclusions on these points were not challenged
on appeal.

25 In all the circumstances, it is not possible to conclude that Qilin has
established that the outcome of the proceedings is so significantly superior
to Qilin’s offer as to justify an increase in the costs otherwise recoverable.

26 The claim that Qilin receive S$300,000 in relation to the costs of the
first instance proceedings for the period from the commencement of the trial
is rejected. A reasonable figure is S$225,000.

Disbursements arising from the first instance proceedings

27 Qilin claims S$28,600.26 as disbursements for the proceedings below
excluding interlocutory applications. This sum is reasonable, since it
corresponds with the amount allowed to CPIT by the trial judge.

28 Qilin also claims S$74,000 for the costs of engaging an expert on the value
of CPIT’s shares. That sum is reasonable.

29 Qilin also claims HK$1,328,089.94 and US$94,897.40 in legal fees for advice
on Hong Kong law from Reed Smith LLP and FisherBroyles LLP respectively. This
claim amounts to about S$350,000.00. CPIT only claimed about HK$25,000 (or
S$4,200) in legal fees for advice on Hong Kong law. Qilin did not explain how
it came to incur such high costs for advice on Hong Kong law. Nor did it
clarify which aspects of the proceedings below required extensive advice on
Hong Kong law. Apart from brief references in relation to stamp duties in Hong
Kong, the trial judge did not mention Hong Kong law in the trial judgment.
Given these uncertainties, the court declines to fix the amount of
disbursements and instead proposes to order that they be taxed if not agreed.

Costs of CA 126

30 Qilin claims S$70,000. That seems reasonable.

31 Qilin also claims disbursements of S$65,218.17. The bulk of that sum
comprises a figure of S$52,000 in estimated hearing fees, but the size of this
claim has not been explained. The appropriate order is that the quantum of
disbursements be taxed if not agreed.

Costs of CA 145

32 Qilin claimed S$100,000. CPIT’s estimate was identical. It is appropriate
to order that Qilin recover S$100,000. Qilin’s claim for disbursements of
S$3,055.37 should be taxed if not agreed.

Orders

33 The court orders:

(a) CPIT to pay Qilin its costs of S$170,000 for CA 126 and CA 145.

(b) CPIT to pay Qilin its costs of S$534,000 for the proceedings at first
instance.

(c) CPIT to pay Qilin’s disbursements of S$106,622.26 for the proceedings at
first instance excluding Qilin’s claim for legal fees in relation to advice on
Hong Kong law.

(d) CPIT to pay Qilin’s reasonable disbursements, to be taxed if not agreed,
in relation to:

(i) CA 126;

(ii) CA 145; and

(iii) Qilin’s claim for legal fees in relation to advice on Hong Kong law.

Sundaresh Menon Bernard Rix Dyson Heydon  
Chief Justice International Judge International Judge

Martin Roderick Edward SC, Renganathan Nandakumar, Nandhu and Yap Yongzhi,
Gideon (RHTLaw Taylor Wessing LLP) for the appellant in CA 126 of 2017 and the
respondent in CA 145 of 2017;  
the appellant in CA 145 of 2017 and the respondent in CA 126 of 2017 absent
and unrepresented.

**SINGAPORE INTERNATIONAL COMMERCIAL COURT**

11 July 2018

**Case summary**

_Qilin World Capital Limited v CPIT Investments Limited_[2018] SGCA(I) 04 _  
Civil Appeals Nos 126 and 145 of 2017_

\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Decision of the Court of Appeal (delivered by International Judge Dyson
Heydon):**

**Background to the appeal**

1 CPIT Investments Limited (“CPIT”) brought claims against Qilin World Capital
Ltd (“Qilin”) arising from loans made under a loan agreement (“the Loan
Agreement”) secured by certain shares. CPIT claimed that Qilin had wrongfully
disposed of these shares in breach of the Loan Agreement, and thus held the
proceeds on constructive trust for CPIT. In _CPIT Investments Ltd v Qilin
World Capital Ltd_[2017] 5 SLR 1, the learned trial judge, Vivian Ramsey IJ,
found that Qilin held HK$31.25m on constructive trust for CPIT. However, he
also dismissed CPIT’s claim that Qilin’s conduct caused a large fall in the
value of certain other shares owned by CPIT which were not used as security
for the loan.

2 Qilin appealed against the orders relating to the constructive trust. CPIT
appealed against the order rejecting its claim that Qilin was responsible for
the fall in value of its other shares which were not used as security for the
loan.

3 Shortly before the Court of Appeal issued its judgment on Qilin’s appeal and
CPIT’s cross appeal, the trial judge issued his decision on the costs of the
proceedings at first instance (see _CPIT Investments Ltd v Qilin World Capital
Ltd_[2018] SGHC(I) 02). He ordered Qilin to pay CPIT a total of S$431,906.20
in costs and S$28,600.26 plus HK$648,427.57 in disbursements.

4 On 6 March 2018, the Court of Appeal issued its judgment on Qilin’s appeal
and CPIT’s cross appeal in _Qilin World Capital Ltd v CPIT Investments
Ltd_[2018] SGCA(I) 01. The court reversed the trial judge’s finding that Qilin
held HK$31.25m on constructive trust for CPIT. It also upheld the trial
judge’s finding that Qilin did not cause the fall in the value of CPIT’s
shares. The result was that CPIT failed entirely to obtain any compensation
from Qilin.

5 The present judgment dealt with the costs and disbursements of the appeals,
as well as the costs and disbursements of the proceedings at first instance.

**Decision on costs**

**_The proceedings at first instance_**

6 With regard to the costs of the proceedings at first instance, the Court of
Appeal noted that the trial judge had issued a closely reasoned judgment on
costs which contained a careful exposition of the principles applicable to
costs in the Singapore International Commercial Court (“SICC”). The court did
not take issue with the trial judge’s reasoning in this regard. However, the
trial judge’s costs orders were made on the basis that CPIT had been partially
successful in its claims. It was necessary to set aside the trial judge’s
costs orders, in light of the fact that CPIT’s claims had failed entirely,
following Qilin’s successful appeal (at **[12]–[14]**).

7 The court noted that, with regard to several aspects of the proceedings at
first instance, Qilin had sought to be compensated in amounts that were
substantially similar to those ordered by the trial judge in favour of CPIT.
With regard to these aspects of the proceedings at first instance, the court
found that the costs sought by Qilin were generally reasonable and awarded
Qilin the following:

  1. S$41,500 in costs and S$4,022 in disbursements in respect of the six interlocutory applications where costs had been in the cause (at **[15]**);

  2. S$50,000 in costs for the proceedings in the Singapore High Court from commencement until 28 June 2016, when the matter was transferred to the SICC (at **[17]**);

  3. S$206,000 in costs for the proceedings from 28 June 2016 up until commencement of the trial on 13 December 2016 (at **[18]**);

8 The court also found that Qilin was reasonable in seeking costs of S$11,500
for pre-trial conferences and case management conferences, and awarded Qilin
this sum (at **[16]**).

9 With respect to the trial itself and post-trial matters, Qilin had sought
costs in the sum of S$300,000, whereas the trial judge awarded CPIT only
S$128,500 for the equivalent period. The Court of Appeal found that the size
of Qilin’s claim was partly supported by the fact that it had reasonably
engaged the services of a Senior Counsel, given the complexity of the case and
the large sums in dispute (at **[20]**). It was also supported by the fact
that Qilin had succeeded entirely in resisting CPIT’s claims (at **[21]**).
However, the court found that an offer to settle made by Qilin to CPIT did not
justify an increase in the costs otherwise recoverable. The outcome of the
proceedings was not significantly more favourable to Qilin compared to the
terms of its offer. Further, the basis of the offer, which assumed that Qilin
had not breached the Loan Agreement and was still entitled to receive
interest, had not been vindicated by the outcome of the proceedings (at
**[25]**). Taking the circumstances in the round, the court awarded Qilin
S$225,000 in costs for the trial and post-trial proceedings (at **[26]**).

10 With respect to disbursements, the court granted Qilin’s claims for
S$28,600.26 in standard disbursements, and S$74,000 for the costs of engaging
an expert on the value of CPIT’s shares (at **[27]–[28]**). However, it was
unclear how Qilin had incurred some HK$1,328,089.94 and US$94,897.40 in legal
fees for advice on Hong Kong law, and the court ordered that these
disbursements be taxed if not agreed (at **[29]**).

**_The appeals_**

11 The court found that Qilin’s claims for S$70,000 and S$100,000 in costs
(for Qilin’s own appeal and CPIT’s cross appeal, respectively) were reasonable
and awarded Qilin the sums it sought (at **[30]** and **[32]**). However, the
size of the sums sought by Qilin as disbursements for the appeals had not been
adequately explained and the court ordered that these be taxed if not agreed
(at **[31]** and **[32]**).

__This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
judgment. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the Court.
All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s judgment.__

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

