Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 54

Suit No 490 of 2013

Between

(1)| Thio Syn Kym Wendy  
---|---  
(2)| Thio Syn Ghee  
(3)| Thio Syn San Serene  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Thio Syn Pyn  
---|---  
(2)| Thio Syn Wee  
(3)| Kwik Poh Leng  
(4)| Thio Holdings Pte Ltd  
(5)| Malaysia Dairy Industries Pte Ltd  
(6)| United Realty Ltd  
  
… Defendants

judgment`

[Companies] — [Oppression] — [Minority shareholders]

[Companies] — [Shares] — [Valuation] — [Discount on minority shares]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Thio Syn Kym Wendy and others

  

v

  

Thio Syn Pyn and another

[2018] SGHC 54

High Court — Suit No 490 of 2013  
Judith Prakash JA  
12 January 2018

13 March 2018 Judgment reserved.

Judith Prakash JA:

Introduction

1 In this action, I granted the plaintiffs judgment on their minority
oppression claim against the first and second defendants, and ordered a buyout
of the plaintiffs’ shares in the company Malaysia Dairy Industries Pte Ltd
(“MDI”) on the basis of a share price to be determined by an independent
valuer. I further ordered that the parties be at liberty to apply for
directions in case any were needed in regard to the valuation and sale of the
shares. It turns out that the parties are indeed unable to agree on whether a
discount should be applied in the valuation of the plaintiffs’ minority
shares, and they now seek a court determination of this issue.

Background

Events leading to this action

2 The full facts underlying this action can be found in my earlier judgment,
Thio Syn Kym Wendy and others v Thio Syn Pyn and others [2017] SGHC 169 (“the
Judgment”). Here, I will only outline the broad factual background and set out
the facts that are relevant to the outstanding issue of share valuation.

3 Mr Thio Keng Poon (“Mr Thio”) was a businessman who, in the 1960s, procured
the incorporation of three companies: United Realty Ltd (“URL”), a property
investment holding company, MDI, a manufacturer and distributor of dairy
products and beverages, and Thio Holdings Pte Ltd (“THPL”), an investment
holding company. These three companies are the corporate defendants in this
action. Together with their subsidiaries and a Hong Kong company, they form
the Thio family’s group of businesses (“the Group”).

4 Mr Thio and his wife, Mdm Kwik Poh Leng (“Mdm Kwik”), have six children.
They are, in order of birth:

(a) Thio Syn Luan Vicki (“Vicki”);

(b) Thio Syn Pyn (“Ernest”);

(c) Thio Syn Kym Wendy (“Wendy”);

(d) Thio Syn Ghee (“Michael”);

(e) Thio Syn San Serene (“Serene”); and

(f) Thio Syn Wee (“Patrick”).

All of the children, save Vicki, are parties in this litigation, and I will
refer to them by their western personal names as I did in the Judgment.

5 The plaintiffs are Wendy, Michael and Serene. They are minority shareholders
in each of the three corporate defendants. Collectively, they hold 20% of the
shareholding in MDI and lower percentages of the share capital of URL and
THPL.

6 The three individual defendants are Mdm Kwik, Ernest and Patrick. Together,
they hold 30% of the shareholding in URL, 38.5% of the shareholding in MDI and
77.25% of the shareholding in THPL. All of them are directors of all three
companies. Ernest and Patrick are, respectively, the managing director and
deputy managing director of MDI.

7 Over the years, Mr Thio passed down the family wealth to his sons by
allotting shares in URL, MDI and THPL to them. Each of his sons initially held
the same number of shares but Michael’s shares were transferred to Ernest and
Patrick in 1991. By the year 2000, Mr Thio, Mdm Kwik, Ernest and Patrick were
the only family members who held shares in the Group. They were also directors
of the Group companies.

8 In 2002, Mdm Kwik expressed a wish that some financial provision be made for
the daughters. Mr Thio then decided that Michael, Vicki, Wendy and Serene
should receive shares in the Group companies by way of bonus issues. These
shares were allotted in March and April 2002.

9 On 23 December 2005, following a dispute in the family regarding certain
proposed changes to the shareholdings in the Group, the members of the family,
THPL and MDI entered into a Deed of Settlement (“the Deed of Settlement”)
which provided for an adjustment of shareholdings in the Group. After the Deed
of Settlement, Ernest and Patrick retained majority control of MDI through the
combination of their shareholdings in MDI and their control of THPL. Around
the same time as the Deed of Settlement, Michael and the three sisters were
appointed directors of each of the Group companies.

10 Despite the Deed of Settlement, friction between Mr Thio, on the one hand,
and Ernest and Patrick, on the other, increased. Mr Thio sued his wife and
children and several companies in the Group for, amongst other things,
oppression. Ultimately, he succeeded on part of his claims but, in 2010, the
shareholders of MDI voted to remove Mr Thio as a director.

11 From 2011, discussions took place between Wendy, Serene and Vicki on the
one hand, and Ernest and Patrick on the other, regarding a possible purchase
by Ernest and Patrick of their sisters’ shares. Without informing their
brothers, Michael and the sisters appointed Ernst & Young LLP (“E&Y”) to
prepare valuations of URL, MDI and THPL. According to Michael, their only
instruction to E&Y was to provide the indicative value of 100% equity stake in
each company and the indicative value of the siblings’ respective equity
stakes in each of the companies as of December 2010. E&Y provided its
indicative valuation results in a presentation dated 9 September 2011 which
was revised on 11 November 2011. E&Y valued MDI’s equity as being between
$1,197.6m and $1,295.2m.

12 The family met twice in November 2011 and February 2012 to discuss the
proposed buyout. Several proposals were made but most of the siblings were
unable to reach an agreement. Ernest and Patrick suggested that the valuation
of shares be conducted on a net tangible asset basis using reports produced by
the companies’ auditor. Wendy and Serene proposed a joint appointment of an
independent valuer. Ernest and Patrick then counter-proposed that Wendy
appoint another valuer at her own cost. Michael later presented the figures
derived from E&Y’s valuations, but Ernest and Patrick disagreed with them and
offered to purchase each of the sisters’ shareholding for $31.98m and
Michael’s for $70.64m. Although Vicki sold out to Ernest and Patrick in May
2013, the plaintiffs considered that the offers made to them were grossly
inadequate. Discussions on the proposed buyout eventually broke down.

My findings in the Judgment

13 In 2013, the plaintiffs brought a minority oppression action against the
defendants. After a trial, I made the following findings:

(a) Although the companies in the Group were “family companies” in the sense
that most of the directors in the relevant companies were members of the Thio
family, the Thios did not operate on the basis of a relationship of mutual
trust and confidence in relation to how the companies were run. I therefore
concluded that URL, MDI and THPL were neither quasi-partnerships nor companies
akin to quasi-partnerships.

(b) There was no common understanding among the parties that the plaintiffs
were entitled to participate in the management of the Group as directors.

(c) Only the claim of minority oppression against Ernest and Patrick in
respect of the affairs of MDI was made out and only in the following respects:

(i) their use of MDI to further their personal pursuit of Mr Thio when the
matter could have been settled by accepting Serene’s offer to make
compensation for the sums claimed from Mr Thio;

(ii) their conduct in selectively using the results of an independent report
prepared by a consultancy firm to justify increasing their remuneration,
drastically reducing Michael’s remuneration and taking away long established
benefits for non-executive directors, while simultaneously refusing to
implement comments that would have taken away their own benefits; and

(iii) perhaps to a lesser extent, their engineering of a situation where they
would have received unjustifiable backdated emoluments from MDI’s Malaysian
subsidiaries had they not renounced the payments at the last minute.

14 I granted the plaintiffs judgment against Ernest and Patrick in respect of
their claim in relation to MDI. Considering the breakdown of goodwill and
trust among the parties and that the relationships between them had unravelled
irretrievably, I ordered Ernest and Patrick to buy out the plaintiffs’
respective shares in MDI on the basis of a share price to be determined by an
independent valuer who was to value the company as of the date of the
Judgment, 17 July 2017, as a going concern. I further ordered that the parties
be at liberty to apply for directions in case any were needed in regard to the
valuation and the sale.

Events following the Judgment

15 The parties jointly appointed Mr Richard Hayler (“Mr Hayler”) as the
independent valuer. In the course of finalising Mr Hayler’s terms of
reference, Ernest and Patrick sought to include a term stating that the
plaintiffs’ shares in MDI were to be valued on the basis of “fair market
value”, which would allow for a discount to be applied to the valuation of the
shares. The plaintiffs disagreed and the parties were unable to reach a
compromise.

16 On 20 November 2017, the parties jointly wrote to the court requesting a
hearing to seek directions on the issue of whether a discount should be
applied to the valuation of the plaintiffs’ shares in MDI. The parties were in
agreement that no formal application needed to be filed.

The parties’ cases

17 The sole issue before the court is whether any discount should be applied
to the plaintiffs’ shares.

The plaintiffs’ case

18 The plaintiffs submit that the general rule is that no discount should be
applied when a buyout is ordered by the court under s 216(2)(d) of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) as a remedy in minority oppression cases.
In support of this proposition, they rely on several High Court cases such as
Low Janie v Low Peng Boon and others [1998] 2 SLR(R) 154 (“Low Janie”) and Poh
Fu Teck and others v Lee Shung Guan and others [2017] SGHC 212 (“Poh Fu
Teck”), which in turn cited the English decision of In re Bird Precision
Bellows Ltd [1984] 1 Ch 419 (“In re Bird”). These cases explain that it would
ordinarily be unfair for oppressed minority shareholders to be bought out at a
discount, as they should not be treated as having elected freely to sell their
shares (Low Janie at [63]–[64]; Poh Fu Teck at [38]; In re Bird at 430). The
plaintiffs further argue, on the basis of several decisions of the High Court
such as Tan Eck Hong v Maxz Universal Development Group Pte Ltd and others
[2017] SGHC 309 (“Tan Eck Hong”) at [223(a)] and Leong Chee Kin v Ideal Design
Studio Pte Ltd and others [2017] SGHC 192 (“Leong Chee Kin”) at [56] and [96],
that this general rule ought to apply regardless of whether the company in
question is a quasi-partnership.

19 On the facts of this case, the plaintiffs submit that no discount should be
applied and that their shares should be valued pro rata according to the value
of all the shares in MDI as a whole. They point out that Ernest and Patrick
are in fact consolidating their existing majority positions in MDI by
purchasing the plaintiffs’ shares, and thus there is no basis for applying a
discount to reflect the lower marketability of minority shares arising from
the disadvantage of not having control of the company. Although the plaintiffs
accept that the court may order a discount in circumstances where the minority
acted in such a way as to deserve their exclusion from the company, they
contend that there was no such finding here.

The defendants’ case

20 Ernest and Patrick made separate submissions through their respective
counsel but their positions are consonant. For convenience, I will henceforth
refer to them as “the defendants”, and I note for the avoidance of doubt that
the other named defendants in the action are not involved in the buyout of the
plaintiffs’ shares.

21 The defendants’ submissions begin by emphasising the distinction between a
discount for lack of control and that for lack of marketability. The former
refers to a discount that accounts for a minority shareholder’s lack of
control over the management of the company, while the latter reflects the
difficulty in selling the shares of a private company in general due to share
transfer restrictions and the narrowness of the market. Nonetheless, they
adopt the same stance as to both types of discounts as they argue that
discounts for lack of control and marketability should generally be applied
when the company in question is not a quasi-partnership.

22 The defendants disagree with the “general rule” characterised by the
plaintiffs and contend that In re Bird makes clear (at 431) that there is “no
universal or even a general rule in a case where the company had never been a
quasi-partnership”. The defendants then go further to cite other authorities
such as the English case of Irvine and another v Irvine and another (No 2)
[2007] 1 BCLC 445 (“Irvine”), which states that a minority shareholding “is to
be valued for what it is, a minority shareholding … [s]hort of a quasi-
partnership or some other exceptional circumstance” (at [11]). The defendants
read this to mean that there is a presumption or default position that a
discount should be applied if the company is not a quasi-partnership.

23 On the present facts, the defendants submit that a discount should indeed
be applied as MDI is not a quasi-partnership and no special circumstances
exist. They point out that the plaintiffs are not unwilling sellers as they
had entered into negotiations in 2011 to sell their shares to the defendants,
and that the acts which were found to be oppressive were not motivated by a
desire to buy out or worsen the plaintiffs’ positions. Moreover, the
defendants contend that a valuation of the shares without applying any
discount would result in a windfall for the plaintiffs. This windfall would be
unfair as the plaintiffs had received their shares as a gift from their father
and contributed minimally to the business and management of MDI. According to
the defendants, it would be just, fair and equitable for the court to order
that discounts be applied.

The law on the application of minority discounts

24 The different positions enunciated in the cases cited in the parties’
submissions indicate that the legal principles on the applicability of
minority discounts are not fully settled.

25 Where the company in question is a quasi-partnership, the legal position is
more certain. In such cases, there is a strong presumption that no discount
should be applied: In re Bird at 430; Strahan v Wilcock [2006] 2 BCLC 555
(“Strahan”) at [1]; Robin Hollington, Hollington on Shareholders’ Rights
(Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2013) (“Hollington”) at para 8-152. This presumption
may be displaced in special circumstances (O’Neill and Another v Phillips and
Others [1999] 1 WLR 1092 at 1107), such as when the minority shareholder has
acted in such a manner as to deserve his exclusion from the company or has
contributed to the oppressive conduct of the majority: see In re Bird at
430–431; Hollington at para 8-152.

26 The distinction between quasi-partnerships and other companies is a
principled one. As Lord Millett explained in CVC/Opportunity Equity Partners
Ltd and another v Demarco Almeida [2002] 2 BCLC 108 at [41], the rationale for
denying a discount in the context of a quasi-partnership “lies in the analogy
between a quasi-partnership company and a true partnership”. The valuation of
shares in a quasi-partnership is based on a notional sale of the company as a
whole to an outside purchaser, rather than a direct sale of the outgoing
partner’s share to the continuing partners. The majority shareholder must buy
the whole of the company, partly from themselves and partly from the minority,
“[i]n order to be free to manage the company’s business without regard to the
relationship of trust and confidence which formerly existed between them” (at
[42]).

27 While it is clear that a presumption of no discount exists where the
company is a quasi-partnership, the legal position is far less certain as to
whether the converse is true such that there would be a presumption of a
discount for shares in companies that are not quasi-partnerships. The
defendants rely on the obiter dicta of Arden LJ in Strahan at [17] that it
would be “difficult to conceive of circumstances in which a non-discounted
basis of valuation would be appropriate” where the company in question is not
a quasi-partnership, as well as the remarks of Blackburne J in Irvine at [11]
that “[s]hort of a quasi-partnership or some other exceptional circumstance”,
there is no reason to attribute a pro rata share of the overall value of the
company to minority shares.

28 On the other hand, in Poh Fu Teck at [38] and Sharikat Logistics Pte Ltd v
Ong Boon Chuan and others [2014] SGHC 224 (“Sharikat”) at [246], the High
Court stated that the “general rule” or “ordinary position” is that no
discount is to be applied in court-ordered buyouts under s 216(2) of the
Companies Act, without purporting to distinguish between quasi-partnerships
and other companies. The plaintiffs also cite several recent High Court
decisions such as Tan Eck Hong at [223(a)] and Leong Chee Kin at [56] and
[96], where no discount was applied even though the companies in question were
not quasi-partnerships. Similarly, in the English case of Re Blue Index Ltd
[2014] EWHC 2680 (Ch) at [51], Mr R Hollington QC, sitting as a Deputy Judge
of the English High Court, articulated “the general rule … that there should
be no discount for a minority shareholding unless [the minority shareholder
had] acquired his shares at a discounted price in the first place”. Curiously,
Mr Hollington QC does not take quite the same position in his own treatise,
where he comments that “where a petitioner has acquired his shares as an
investment without any entitlement to participation in the running of the
company, as a general rule it will be appropriate to apply a discount,
especially if the petitioner originally acquired the shares at a price which
was discounted to reflect their minority status”: Hollington at para 8-153. It
appears to me that the law on this area is in need of clarification.

29 Any rule I articulate on this issue must take into account two competing
considerations. The first is that, in general, an oppressed minority
shareholder should not be treated as having elected freely to sell his shares
(see Poh Fu Teck at [38]) and the court should ensure that the oppressor does
not profit from his wrongful behaviour: Low Janie at [63]; Hollington at para
8-149. In my view, this logically applies to all buyouts ordered under s
216(2) of the Companies Act regardless of whether the company in question is a
quasi-partnership or not. The second consideration is that minority
shareholding may be relatively harder to dispose of, due to the lack of
control that a minority shareholder has over the management of the company.

30 Having considered all of the cases cited to me by counsel, I find a
coherent and principled reading of the authorities to be as follows. The
starting point is that there is no general rule in cases involving companies
that are not quasi-partnerships. This was the position taken by Nourse J in
the seminal case of In re Bird at 431 (affirmed on appeal in In re Bird
Precision Bellows Ltd [1986] 1 Ch 658) upon which subsequent local and English
decisions such as Low Janie, Strahan and Irvine were based, although it seems
to me that the findings and dicta in some subsequent cases have strayed
somewhat from this original position while purporting to endorse it. I think
that this view adequately takes into account the balance of competing
considerations I have referred to at [29] above. Likewise, I decline to
recognise the existence of any presumption or “baseline” which has been
suggested to me by counsel.

31 Instead, the court must look at all the facts and circumstances when
determining whether a discount should be applied in any case. For instance,
the court will be more inclined to order no discount where the majority’s
oppressive conduct was directed at worsening the position of the minority as
shareholders so as to compel them to sell out (see Re Sunrise Radio Ltd [2009]
EWHC 2893 (Ch) at [305]), or entirely responsible for precipitating the
breakdown in the parties’ relationship: Over & Over Ltd v Bonvests Holdings
Ltd and another [2010] 2 SLR 776. As with cases involving quasi-partnerships
(see [25] above), the court is likely to order a discount where the conduct of
the minority contributed to their exclusion from the company or the oppressive
conduct complained of: Sharikat at [246]. The court will also consider
relevant background facts such as whether the minority had originally
purchased their shares at a discounted price to reflect their minority status,
or for full value: Hollington at para 8-153; Re Blue Index Ltd at [51].
Ultimately, the broad task for the courts is to ensure that the forced buyout
is fair, just and equitable for the parties in all the circumstances.

32 Last, but not least, I must clarify that the above principles relate only
to the question of whether the court should order a minority discount for lack
of control, and not in respect of a discount for non-marketability. I
acknowledge the point that the concern of preventing unfairness to a minority
shareholder who otherwise would not have sold out applies with equal force
even where the question of a discount for non-marketability is concerned, but
the countervailing considerations are different. Such a discount, as the
defendants point out, arises from the difficulty of selling shares due to
share transfer restrictions and the narrowness of the market, regardless of
whether the shares are majority or minority shares. The factors to be weighed
are also distinct. For instance, the defendants contend here that MDI’s shares
are less marketable because MDI is not a listed company and there are share
transfer restrictions which stipulate that the shares may only be sold to
Singaporeans. It seems to me that these are considerations that would be more
appropriately evaluated by the expert valuer when assessing the value of MDI
and its shares as a whole, rather than by the court. This may perhaps be why
it has been observed by counsel that the existing case law does not provide
much guidance on when a discount for non-marketability should apply as a
matter of law. In my judgment, the question of whether to apply a discount for
non-marketability should ordinarily be left to be determined by the
independent valuer in his expertise. With that said, I do not foreclose the
possibility that in an exceptional case, the circumstances may warrant an
order by the court that no discount be applied in order to remedy the
unfairness to the minority that would otherwise result.

Application to the present facts

33 Considering that I have found that MDI is not a quasi-partnership and that
there was no common understanding among the parties that the plaintiffs were
entitled to participate in MDI’s management, the starting point is that there
is no default position or presumption as to whether a discount should apply.
Instead, I will simply weigh the facts in coming to a decision on this issue.

34 The circumstances of this case make it a close one in my view. None of the
parties had behaved in a manner that would militate strongly in favour of
either outcome. Although I found oppressive conduct on the part of the
defendants, their actions had not been specifically directed at worsening the
plaintiffs’ positions as shareholders to compel them to sell their shares,
although the defendants’ actions in pursuit of their vendetta against Mr Thio
had used MDI in a manner that was commercially unfair on the plaintiffs.
Further, that the defendants had improperly worsened the plaintiffs’ positions
as directors by reducing Michael’s remuneration and taking away the benefits
of the non-executive directors does not impact the value of their respective
shareholdings. I do not ascribe to the defendants sole responsibility for
causing the breakdown in the parties’ relationship. In the context of family-
run companies, I would be slow to make such a finding against the majority
shareholders when the breakdown in relationship will most often be
attributable to a multitude of contributing factors that are unrelated to the
parties’ relationship as shareholders. Indeed in this case it appeared to me
that the crisis was precipitated by differing attitudes towards Mr Thio and
the different relationship which each sibling had with him. As for the
plaintiffs’ conduct, while Ernest and Patrick complained about annoying
questioning and attitudes, there was no serious action on the plaintiffs’ part
which justified their exclusion from MDI or the oppressive conduct complained
of. In particular, I note that Serene had offered to pay compensation on
behalf of Mr Thio in order to keep the peace, but this goodwill gesture was
roundly rejected by the defendants in their crusade against Mr Thio.

35 The parties rely on different factual aspects of this case to support their
respective positions as to whether a discount should be applied, but I am not
convinced that much weight should be placed on most of these facts. The
plaintiffs submit that a minority discount should not be applied as the
defendants would in fact be consolidating their existing majority positions in
MDI. Ernest and Patrick currently hold 26% of MDI’s shareholding in their own
names and 30% through THPL which they control. After the buyout, they would
hold 46% in their own names and 30% through THPL. I do not see why this is a
factor that would weigh in the plaintiffs’ favour. Indeed, in many cases of
buyouts ordered under s 216(2)(d) of the Companies Act, the minority would be
selling their shares to an existing majority. This is also not a situation
where the sale of the minority shares would give an oppressor (say, with a
plurality of the shareholding) an absolute majority of over 50% which he did
not have before. There is no added justification to order no discount to be
applied on this basis.

36 As for the defendants, they argue that the plaintiffs should not be treated
as unwilling sellers as the plaintiffs had expressed a willingness to sell the
shares to the defendants in 2011, and the sale only fell through because the
parties were unable to agree on a price. I do not think that the plaintiffs’
willingness to sell at what they considered a reasonable price should be held
against them. If anything, their refusal to accept the net tangible asset
method of valuation that was proposed by the defendants shows that they were
not desperate to sell at any price. Now the plaintiffs will have to sell at
the price set by the valuer and they cannot withdraw as they did previously if
they are not happy with the price so fixed. To me, therefore, the 2011
negotiations are not a significant factor in deciding the basis of the
valuation.

37 The defendants also submit that a discount is justified because the
plaintiffs received their shares by way of a gift. I disagree with the
defendants’ attempt to draw an analogy between a gift and a purchase of shares
at a discounted price, which would ordinarily point in favour of a discount
being applied: Hollington at para 8-153. This is because the gift was intended
by Mr Thio and Mdm Kwik to benefit the plaintiffs, and the fact that the
plaintiffs gave no consideration does not in any way reflect the reduced value
of their minority shareholdings. I note that the defendants, too, had received
their original shareholdings by way of gift from their parents. The High
Court’s decision in Lim Chee Twang v Chan Shuk Kuen Helina and others [2010] 2
SLR 209, which the defendants rely on to show that there ought to be a
minority discount where the shares had been received as a gift, is
distinguishable as the minority shares in that case had been gifted by the
oppressor rather than a third party: at [78] and [150(a)].

38 Finally, I see little relevance in the fact that the defendants were
largely responsible for the financial success of MDI in recent decades whereas
the plaintiffs were not involved in the day-to-day management of the company.
The cases that the defendants cite do not support their argument that a lack
of contribution by the minority shareholders per se is a reason to apply a
discount; the minority shareholders in the Nova Scotian case of Mathers v
Mathers [1992] NSJ No 266 and the Saskatchewanian case of Derdall v Derdall
Irrigation Farms Ltd [2010] SJ No 513 had respectively acted in ways that were
detrimental to the companies. This is plainly not the case here. Moreover, it
was accepted by the entire Thio family that the defendants would be
responsible for running the Group companies. Just as I found at [68] of the
Judgment that “the plaintiffs including Michael were happy to leave management
of the Group in Ernest’s and Patrick’s hands”, the defendants, too, were happy
to have management and control of the Group and should not be allowed to
complain now about the plaintiffs’ inaction.

39 On the balance, while I acknowledge that it is a close case in the absence
of strong factors that clearly point in either direction, I hold that no
minority discount should apply to the sale of the plaintiffs’ shares in MDI. I
reach this decision on the basis that the Group was family-run and family-
owned, even if it did not amount to a quasi-partnership or import any
obligations of mutual trust and confidence between the shareholders. The
family-run nature of the Group and the way in which the various parties had
come into their shareholdings suggest that the defendants were always meant to
ensure that the interests of MDI and their siblings would be protected or at
least not harmed. It is not a strong factor, but it is nonetheless one that
deserves consideration as part of the overall circumstances of the case. In my
judgment, a valuation of the plaintiff’s shares with no minority discount
applied would be an outcome that is fair and equitable to all of the parties,
especially in light of the defendants’ commercially unfair and oppressive
actions and the plaintiffs’ lack of culpability as minority shareholders in
causing the breakdown of the relationship between the parties.

Conclusion

40 For the above reasons, I order that no minority discount be applied to the
sale of the plaintiffs’ shares in MDI. However, I leave it to Mr Hayler to
consider whether it would be appropriate to apply any discount for a lack of
marketability of MDI’s shares.

41 The defendants are to bear the costs of these proceedings. I will hear the
parties if they are unable to agree on the quantum of costs payable.

Judith Prakash  
Judge of Appeal

Joy Tan, Jeremy Tan and Rich Seet (WongPartnership LLP)  
for the plaintiffs;  
Cavinder Bull SC, Kong Man Er and Fiona Chew  
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the first defendant;  
Ang Cheng Hock SC, Jason Chan, Melissa Mak and Afzal Ali  
(Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the second defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

