Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 250

  
Companies Winding Up No 183 of 2018

Between

| VTB Bank (Public Joint Stock Company)  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Anan Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
---|---  
|  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Companies] — [Winding up]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VTB Bank (Public Joint Stock Co)

  

v

  

Anan Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd

[2018] SGHC 250

High Court — Companies Winding Up No 183 of 2018  
Dedar Singh Gill JC  
7 September 2018

19 November 2018

Dedar Singh Gill JC:

Introduction

1 This was an application by the plaintiff, VTB Bank (Public Joint Stock
Company) (“the Plaintiff”) to wind up the defendant, Anan Group (Singapore)
Pte Ltd (“the Defendant”), on the ground that it was unable to pay its debts.
The Defendant opposed the application on the basis that there was a disputed
debt between them that was governed by an arbitration agreement. This raised
the issue of what standard of proof the Defendant was required to meet. Was it
the orthodox standard for a dismissal of a winding up application, which
requires the Defendant to show triable issues, or a different lower standard?

2 At the conclusion of the hearing on 7 September 2018, I found in favour of
the Plaintiff and ordered that the Defendant be wound up. I now set out the
full grounds of my decision.

Background facts

3 The Plaintiff is a state-owned Russian bank. The Defendant is a Singapore-
incorporated company and its principal activity is that of a holding company.

The Global Master Repurchase Agreement

4 On 3 November 2017, the Plaintiff entered into a repurchase transaction with
the Defendant on the terms set out in a global master repurchase agreement
(“the GMRA”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, Tab 1.

Under the GMRA, the Defendant agreed to sell global depository receipts
(“GDRs”) of shares in EN+ Group PLC (“EN+”) against payment of the purchase
price by the Plaintiff, and to repurchase the GDRs on a later date at pre-
agreed rates (“the Transaction”). The Defendant was under an obligation to
maintain sufficient collateral in respect of the Transaction by maintaining
the Repo Ratio (calculated in accordance with the formula in cl 20 of Annex 1
to the GMRA) at a level below the Margin Trigger Repo Ratio (defined as 60% in
the GMRA), failing which the Plaintiff could exercise its contractual right to
call on the Defendant to top up the amount of collateral. The Defendant was
also under an obligation to maintain the Repo Ratio at a level below the
Liquidation Repo Ratio (defined as 75% in the GMRA).

5 On 7 November 2017, pursuant to the GMRA, the Defendant sold the Plaintiff
approximately 35,714,295 EN+ GDRs for approximately US$249,999,990. At the
time, EN+ shares were worth approximately US$13 per share. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Zang Jianjun dated 30 August 2018, paras 6 and 13.

6 On 6 April 2018, the United States Department of Treasury’s Office of
Foreign Assets Control designated certain persons to its Specially Designated
Nationals List, and among those on the list included EN+, Mr Oleg Deripaska
(the ultimate controlling shareholder of EN+), and two direct major
shareholders of EN+. The effect of this designation was that any assets
belonging to these persons and subject to the US jurisdiction were frozen, and
US persons were generally prohibited from dealing with them (“the OFAC
Sanctions”). According to the Defendant, the OFAC Sanctions caused the share
price of EN+ to plummet. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Zang Jianjun dated 30 August 2018, para 17.

7 On the same day, the Plaintiff issued a margin trigger event notice,
informing the Defendant that the Repo Ratio had exceeded the Margin Trigger
Repo Ratio and sought payment of a sufficient cash margin to restore the level
of the Plaintiff’s collateral. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, Tab 2, p 66.

The Defendant failed to do so within the contractually stipulated timeframe.

8 On 9 April 2018, EN+ shares were trading at US$5.60 per share. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of Zang Jianjun dated 30 August 2018, para 17.

9 On 10 April 2018, the Plaintiff issued a notice to the Defendant setting out
the circumstances of the Defendant’s defaults under the GMRA. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, Tab 2, p 67.

This was followed by a default notice on 12 April 2018, in which the Plaintiff
designated 16 April 2018 as the early termination date. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, Tab 2, p 68–69.

10 On 24 April 2018, the Plaintiff sent a calculation notice to inform the
Defendant that the balance payable to the Plaintiff as of that date was
US$170,292,452.03. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, Tab 2, p 70–75.

11 On 19 July 2018, the Plaintiff sent a revised calculation notice to the
Defendant setting out the revised balance payable as of that date, which was
US$166,432,652.28. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, Tab 2, p 76–78.

12 On 23 July 2018, the Plaintiff’s solicitors served a statutory demand for
the sum of US$170,388,766.03 (being the revised balance payable plus accrued
interest) on the Defendant. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, Tab 5.

Three weeks lapsed without the Defendant paying the sum owed, or securing or
compounding the same to the reasonable satisfaction of the Plaintiff.

13 On 30 July 2018, a subsidiary of the Defendant, AnAn International Limited,
issued a company announcement on the Singapore Stock Exchange (“SGX”) website
stating that the Defendant had received a statutory demand from the Plaintiff.
The announcement went on to state: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, Tab 6.

4.1 It is understood from [the Defendant] that [it] has objections to the
statutory demand, including the fact that the amount claimed was formulated by
[the Plaintiff] independently of [the Defendant].

4.2 It is further understood from [the Defendant] that [it] had, as a
cornerstone investor, invested US$500,000,000 in EN+ Group PLC during the
latter’s listing on the London Stock Exchange, and that as a result of US
governmental sanctions made against EN+ Group PLC and its ultimate controlling
shareholder on 6 April 2018, the GDRs suffered great downward price movement.
[The Defendant] takes the view that this an unforeseeable force majeure.

14 On 10 August 2018, the Defendant’s solicitors wrote to the Plaintiff’s
solicitors stating that the Defendant “disputes” the outstanding sum, and that
the Defendant was in the process of applying for an injunction to restrain the
Plaintiff from commencing winding up proceedings. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, Tab 7.

15 On 11 August 2018, the Plaintiff’s solicitors responded via letter,
highlighting that the Defendant had not, apart from a bare allegation,
explained why the sum was disputed, or particularised or substantiated the
alleged dispute. It was also pointed out that the GMRA did not contain a force
majeure clause. Finally, the Plaintiff indicated its intention to proceed with
the winding up application. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, Tab 8.

Court proceedings

The Defendant’s application to restrain the Plaintiff from commencing winding
up proceedings

16 Meanwhile, on 10 August 2018, the Defendant filed an application in
Originating Summons No 975 of 2018 (“OS 975”) to restrain the Plaintiff from
commencing proceedings or making any application for the winding up of the
Defendant on the basis of the statutory demand. In its supporting affidavit
for OS 975, the Defendant detailed how the OFAC Sanctions (described at [6]
above) came about on 6 April 2018. According to the Defendant, the OFAC
Sanctions caused the share price of EN+ to plummet from approximately US$12.20
(on 5 April 2018) to US$5.60 per share (on 9 April 2018). The Defendant went
on to state: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Affidavit of Zang Jianjun dated 10 August 2018, paras 18–23.

22\. As a result of the far-reaching OFAC Sanctions which were unforeseeable
and were not brought about by the act or default of the [Defendant], the
Reference Price and Reference Value was decreased, which resulted in the
Margin Trigger Event and the Liquidation Event. The [Defendant’s] position is
that the GMRA has been rendered radically different from that which was
originally envisaged.

23\. As a result of the above, the [Defendant’s] case is that the GMRA has
been frustrated, and that therefore, the GMRA is terminated automatically
without more, thus releasing [the Plaintiff] and the [Defendant] from further
performance. As a result, the alleged debt of US$170,388,766.03 as stated in
the Statutory Demand is not due and owing from the [Defendant] to [the
Plaintiff].

17 On 13 August 2018, the Defendant filed Summons No 3677 of 2018 (“SUM 3677”)
in OS 975, which was an application for an interim injunction to restrain the
Plaintiff from commencing proceedings to wind up the Defendant pending the
disposal of OS 975. In the supporting affidavit for SUM 3677, the Defendant
again took the position that the GMRA had been frustrated, and so there was a
serious question to be tried as to whether the Plaintiff was entitled to the
debt amount of US$170,388,766.03. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Affidavit of Zang Jianjun dated 28 August 2018, p 9, paras 18–19 (an
unaffirmed version of this affidavit was exhibited in the Affidavit of Lee Wen
Rong Gabriel dated 13 August 2018, Exhibit LWRG-1).

18 SUM 3677 was heard by Andrew Ang SJ on 13 August 2018. At the hearing,
counsel for the Defendant argued that because the alleged dispute as to the
debt was governed by an arbitration agreement in the GMRA, the standard of
proof it was required to meet was not that of triable issues. Rather, a
different lower standard was applicable – the question was whether a prima
facie dispute existed. In support of this proposition, the Defendant cited the
English Court of Appeal decision of Salford Estates (No 2) Ltd v Altomart Ltd
(No 2) [2015] Ch 589 (“Salford”) and the Singapore High Court decision of BDG
v BDH [2016] 5 SLR 977 (“BDG”), which I will discuss in greater detail below.
After hearing the arguments, Ang SJ dismissed the Defendant’s application on
the basis that he was not satisfied that there was a bona fide dispute. Ang SJ
also pointed out that the Defendant had not suggested that the OFAC Sanctions
had prohibited it from performing its obligations under the GMRA. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, Tab 9, p 111.

The Defendant has not appealed against this decision.

The Plaintiff’s winding up application

19 On 17 August 2018, the Plaintiff filed the present application in Companies
Winding Up No 183 of 2018 (“CWU 183”) seeking to wind up the Defendant on two
alternative bases:

(a) First, that the Defendant is deemed to be insolvent and unable to pay its
debts, pursuant to s 254(2)(a) read with s 254(1)(e) of the Companies Act (Cap
50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the CA”).

(b) Second, that it is just and equitable that the Defendant be wound up,
under s 254(1)(i) of the CA.

20 On 20 August 2018, the Plaintiff filed an application in Summons No 3795 of
2018 (“SUM 3795”) to appoint three individuals as joint and several
provisional liquidators of the Defendant.

21 On 24 August 2018, Ang SJ heard SUM 3795 on an expedited basis and granted
the Plaintiff’s application to appoint the provisional liquidators. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, Tab 10, pp 115–121.

For completeness, I should mention that the Defendant appealed against this
decision and also sought a stay of execution pending the outcome of the
appeal. However, it subsequently withdrew the stay application after I ordered
the Defendant to be wound up on 7 September 2018. Soon after, the Defendant
withdrew the appeal against Ang SJ’s decision on SUM 3795 as well.

22 On 30 August 2018, the Defendant filed an affidavit-in-reply to the
Plaintiff’s supporting affidavit for CWU 183. The Defendant again disputed the
debt owed to the Plaintiff, arguing that the OFAC Sanctions had caused the
margin trigger event. Notably, this time, the Defendant not only alleged that
the OFAC Sanctions were an event of frustration, but also a force majeure
event: 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Affidavit of Zang Jianjun dated 30 August 2018, paras 24–26.

24\. The [Defendant] disputes that it owes the Alleged Debt to [the
Plaintiff]. The [Defendant’s] case is that the GMRA has been frustrated or
that there has been a force majeure event, and that therefore, the GMRA is
terminated automatically without more, thus releasing [the Plaintiff] and the
[Defendant] from further performance.

25\. As a result of the far-reaching OFAC Sanctions which were unforeseeable
and were not brought about by the act or default of the [Defendant], the
Reference Price and Reference Value was decreased, which in turn resulted in
the Margin Trigger Event and the Liquidation Event. The [Defendant’s] position
is that the GMRA has been rendered radically different from that which was
originally envisaged.

26\. As a result of the above, the [Defendant’s] case is that the GMRA has
been frustrated or a force majeure event has occurred, and that therefore, the
GMRA is terminated automatically on 6 April 2018 without more, thus releasing
[the Plaintiff] and the [Defendant] from further performance. As a result, the
[Defendant’s] position is that the Alleged Debt is not due and owing from the
[Defendant] to [the Plaintiff].

[emphasis added]

23 Further and in the alternative, the Defendant also disputed the
quantification of the debt at US$170,388,766.03: 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Affidavit of Zang Jianjun dated 30 August 2018, paras 27–29.

27\. Further, and in the alternative to the [Defendant’s] position as set out
above at paragraphs 12 to 22, the [Defendant], even if it is found liable at
arbitration, disputes the quantification of the Alleged Debt.

28\. Some of the reasons for the dispute of the quantification is [sic] as
follows:

a. [The Plaintiff] has included in its computation costs such as “hedge unwind
costs”, with no supporting documentation whatsoever;

b. [The Plaintiff] has not adequately explained or substantiated its selection
of “Appropriate Market” and computation of “Net Value”; and

c. the Interest Rate used by the [Plaintiff] is inaccurate and not supported
by documentation.

29\. Notwithstanding that the [Defendant] is in the midst of computing what
the precise amount it may theoretically owe to [the Plaintiff], if at all, I
believe that the difference is easily over USD$150 million, which is about
approximately 88% less than what the Plaintiff is alleging.

24 The Defendant then asserted that the question of whether it owed
US$170,388,766.03 to the Plaintiff as well as the dispute over the
quantification of the debt should both be resolved by arbitration, pursuant to
Clause 15 of Annex 1 of the GMRA. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Affidavit of Zang Jianjun dated 30 August 2018, paras 30 and 33.

The relevant portion of this clause reads:

(b) Any dispute arising out or in connection with this Agreement, including
any question regarding its subject matter, existence, negotiation, validity,
termination or enforceability (including any non-contractual dispute or claim)
(a “Dispute”), shall be referred to arbitration and finally settled on the
following terms:

(i) the arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the Arbitration
Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC Rules”) which
Rules are deemed incorporated into this Clause;

…

Arbitration proceedings

25 It transpired that on 23 August 2018 – which was after the Plaintiff filed
CWU 183, but before the Defendant filed its affidavit-in-reply to the
Plaintiff’s supporting affidavit for CWU 183 – the Defendant filed a notice of
arbitration at the Singapore International Arbitration Centre, referring
questions relating to the existence of the debt and the quantification of the
debt amount to the arbitral tribunal. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, Tab 11.

In relation to the former, the Defendant again referred to the OFAC Sanctions
as an event of frustration (though, notably, not a force majeure event):

12\. The OFAC Sanctions was [sic] a supervening event that significantly
changed the nature of the contractual rights and/or obligations between the
parties. As a result of the OFAC Sanctions, the GMRA was frustrated, and
parties released from their obligations under the GMRA forthwith.

26 The Defendant also took issue with the Plaintiff’s computation of the debt
amount of US$170,388,766.03:

15\. Further and/or in the alternative, even if the GMRA has not been
frustrated, the [Defendant] disputes the computation of the sum
US$170,388,766.03 by the [Plaintiff]. Amongst other things:

a. the [Plaintiff] has included in its computation costs such as “Hedge Unwind
Costs”, with no supporting documentation whatsoever;

b. the [Plaintiff] has not adequately explained and/or substantiated its:

i. selection of “Appropriate Market”;

ii. computation of the “Net Value”; and

c. the Interest Rate used by the [Plaintiff] is inaccurate and not supported
by documentation.

16\. In light of the foregoing, the amount allegedly owing by the [Defendant]
is not US$170,388,766.03, but is much lower.

17\. The [Defendant] therefore seeks the determination by the Tribunal to be
appointed on the issues of: (a) whether the GMRA is frustrated; and (b)
further and/or in the alternative, the amount owing by the [Defendant] to the
[Plaintiff].

My decision

27 The court may order a company to be wound up if one of the grounds under s
254(1) of the CA is satisfied. For present purposes, it is only necessary to
consider the ground in s 254(1)(e), ie, that the company is unable to pay its
debts. In this connection, a company shall be deemed unable to pay its debts
if a creditor to whom the company is indebted in a sum exceeding S$10,000 then
due has served a statutory demand on the company requiring it to pay the sum
so due, and the company has for three weeks thereafter neglected to pay the
sum or to secure or compound it to the reasonable satisfaction of the creditor
(see s 254(2)(a) of the CA). The court’s discretion to wind up a company is a
wide one which “must not [be] fetter[ed] by rigid rules from which a judge is
never at liberty to depart” (see Ward v James [1966] 1 QB 273 at 295, cited in
Malayan Plant (Pte) Ltd v Moscow Narodny Bank Ltd [1979–1980] SLR(R) 511 at
[16]), although in practice, this broad discretion has generally been
exercised along fairly settled lines under well-established categories. These
include disputed debts and cross-claims (see Woon’s Corporations Law (Walter
Woon SC, gen ed) (LexisNexis, Looseleaf Ed, 2018, September 2018 release) at
paras 755–800).

28 The present application concerned the first category mentioned above (ie,
disputed debts). The main issue was whether the Plaintiff’s application to
wind up the Defendant ought to be dismissed on the ground that the debt on
which its statutory demand was based was disputed. It is trite law that a
debtor-company cannot stave off a winding up application merely by alleging
that there is a substantial and bona fide dispute over the debt claimed by the
applicant-creditor. It is the duty of the court to evaluate whatever evidence
the company has raised and come to a conclusion on whether the alleged dispute
exists (see Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and another appeal
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 (“Pacific Recreation”) at [17]).

29 Ordinarily, the applicable standard of proof is one of triable issues (see
Pacific Recreation at [23]). However, the Defendant argued that because there
was an arbitration agreement contained in the contract from which the debt
arose (ie, the GMRA), the applicable standard of proof was whether there was a
prima facie case of dispute which fell within the scope of that arbitration
agreement. In support of this proposition, the Defendant again relied on
Salford and BDG, as it did at the hearing of SUM 3677 before Ang SJ (see [18]
above).

30 Having considered the parties’ submissions and the relevant authorities, I
concluded that despite the presence of the arbitration agreement in the GMRA,
the Defendant was required to establish the existence of a substantial and
bona fide dispute over the debt and that the relevant standard of proof in
this regard was that of triable issues. In my view, the Defendant failed to
establish this because its case was clearly unsustainable in law. Even if the
Defendant were correct that it was only required to meet a different and lower
standard of proof under the BDG approach, it would still be necessary to
establish that the dispute as to the debt was bona fide or genuine. In this
regard, I concluded that the Defendant’s lack of bona fides was betrayed by
the shifting nature of its case and the lack of any genuine attempt to
quantify the alleged reduced debt amount.

Whether the applicable standard of proof is one of triable issues or a prima
facie case of dispute

31 I turn first to the issue of the standard of proof that the Defendant was
required to meet in disputing the debt owed to the Plaintiff. In this regard,
it is useful to set out the difference between the two competing standards,
and the practical implications arising therefrom.

32 Under the triable issues standard, whether a dispute exists requires the
court to examine the affidavit evidence, and consider whether on such
material, an arguable case could be made meriting the holding of a trial of
the issues (see BDG at [20]). This is the same standard as that required to
defeat a summary judgment application (see Mohd Zain bin Abdullah v Chimbusco
International Petroleum (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another appeal [2014] 2 SLR
446 at [16]). While the triable issues standard has been noted to be a “low
threshold” (see Pacific Recreation at [26]), it still requires more inquiry
and assessment than a standard requiring only making out that a dispute exists
prima facie (see BDG at [20]). Thus, if the Defendant were correct that the
applicable standard is one of a prima facie case of dispute and not triable
issues, then it would effectively be easier for the Defendant to establish
that the Plaintiff’s winding up application should be dismissed.

Authorities in support of the standard of a prima facie case of dispute

33 I turn now to the authorities relied in support of the Defendant’s argument
that the lower standard of proof should apply. As earlier mentioned, the key
authorities relied on by the Defendant for this point were the English Court
of Appeal decision of Salford and Singapore High Court decision of BDG. For
completeness of analysis, I will also make reference to other decisions that
are relevant to the issue before me although they may not have been
specifically raised by the parties in the present application.

34 I begin with Salford. The key issue in that case was whether the petition
to wind up a company on the ground of its inability to pay its debts should be
stayed, where the underlying debt arose out of a contract containing an
arbitration agreement. The court first considered whether s 9 of the
Arbitration Act 1996 (c 23) (UK) (“UK AA”) applied. If so, then the grant of a
stay in favour of arbitration was mandatory. The relevant portions of s 9 of
the UK AA read:

(1) A party to an arbitration agreement against whom legal proceedings are
brought (whether by way of claim or counterclaim) in respect of a matter which
under the agreement is to be referred to arbitration may (upon notice to the
other parties to the proceedings) apply to the court in which the proceedings
have been brought to stay the proceedings so far as they concern that matter.

…

(4) On an application under this section the court shall grant a stay unless
satisfied that the arbitration agreement is null and void, inoperative, or
incapable of being performed.

35 Sir Terence Etherton C (as he then was) (with whom Longmore and Kitchin LJJ
agreed) held that s 9 of the UK AA did not apply to a winding up petition
brought on the basis of the company’s inability to pay its debt since such a
petition was not a “claim” for the payment of the debt (at [26] and [31]). The
learned judge further noted that it was “highly improbable that Parliament,
without any express provision to that effect, intended [s] 9 of the [UK AA] to
confer on a debtor the right to a non-discretionary order striking at the
heart of the jurisdiction and discretionary power of the court to wind up
companies in the public interest where companies are not able to pay their
debts” (at [35]). Accordingly, a mandatory stay in favour of arbitration under
s 9 of the UK AA could not be granted.

36 Nonetheless, Sir Etherton held that the court’s discretionary power to wind
up a company under the Insolvency Act 1986 (c 45) (UK) (“UK Insolvency Act”)
ought to be exercised consistently with the legislative policy embodied in the
UK AA:

39 My conclusion that the mandatory stay provisions in section 9 of the [UK
AA] do not apply in the present case is not, however, the end of the matter.
Section 122(1) of the [UK Insolvency Act] confers on the court a discretionary
power to wind up a company. It is entirely appropriate that the court should,
save in wholly exceptional circumstances which I presently find difficult to
envisage, exercise its discretion consistently with the legislative policy
embodied in the [UK AA]. This was the alternative analysis of Warren J in the
Rusant case, at para 19.

40 Henry and Swinton Thomas LJJ considered in Halki Shipping Corpn v Sopex
Oils Ltd [1998] 1 WLR 726 that the intention of the legislature in enacting
the [UK AA] was to exclude the court’s jurisdiction to give summary judgment,
which had not previously been excluded under the Arbitration Act 1975. It
would be anomalous, in the circumstances, for the Companies’ Court to conduct
a summary judgment type analysis of liability for an unadmitted debt, on which
a winding up petition is grounded, when the creditor has agreed to refer any
dispute relating to the debt to arbitration. Exercise of the discretion
otherwise than consistently with the policy underlying the [UK AA] would
inevitably encourage parties to an arbitration agreement – as a standard
tactic – to bypass the arbitration agreement and the [UK AA] by presenting a
winding up petition. The way would be left open to one party, through the
draconian threat of liquidation, to apply pressure on the alleged debtor to
pay up immediately or face the burden, often at short notice on an application
to restrain presentation or advertisement of a winding petition, of satisfying
the Companies Court that the debt is bona fide disputed on substantial
grounds. That would be entirely contrary to the parties’ agreement as to the
proper forum for the resolution of such an issue and to the legislative policy
of the [UK AA].

41 There is no doubt that the debt mentioned in the Petition falls within the
very wide terms of the arbitration clause in the Lease … For the reasons I
have given, I consider that, as a matter of the exercise of the court’s
discretion under s 122(1)(f) of the 1986 Act, it was right of the court either
to dismiss or stay the Petition so as to compel the parties to resolve their
dispute over the debt by their chosen method of dispute resolution rather than
require the court to investigate whether or not the debt is bona fide disputed
on substantial grounds.

37 Accordingly, the English Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal and
maintained the stay of the winding up petition.

38 I note that Salford has since been referred to in several English
authorities. These include the Court of Appeal decision of Revenue and Customs
Commissioners v Changtel Solutions UK Ltd (formerly ENTA Technologies Ltd)
[2015] 1 WLR 3911 and the High Court decisions of Eco Measure Market Exchange
Ltd v Quantum Climate Services Ltd [2015] EWHC 1797 (Ch) (“Eco Measure”) and
Fieldfisher LLP v Pennyfeathers Ltd [2016] EWHC 566 (Ch) (“Fieldfisher”).

39 Outside of England, Salford has been cited with approval by the Singapore
High Court. This brings me to the second key authority relied on by the
Defendant, BDG. The plaintiff in that case sought an injunction to restrain
the defendant from presenting a winding up application, on the basis that
there was a dispute between them that was governed by an arbitration clause.
The plaintiff argued that the position in Salford should be adopted because it
was consistent with Singapore’s pro-arbitration policy, and accordingly that a
different standard of proof ought to apply where an application to enjoin the
presentation of a winding up application is made on the basis that there is a
dispute between the parties which is subject to an arbitration clause (at [9]
and [21]). Aedit Abdullah JC (as he then was) agreed with the plaintiff, and
held as follows:

22 I accept that the broad approach in Salford Estates should be followed. The
objective of the triable issue or good arguable case standard is to ensure
that winding-up is not staved off on flimsy or tenuous grounds. Similarly,
summary judgment should not be avoided if the defendant’s case is without
foundation or basis. The triable issue standard thus ensures that remedies are
readily obtained when nothing much can be said against the claim or
application. This helps to oil the machinery of commerce and trade, and
presumably helps promote certainty and efficiency. That objective is however
less pressing and dominant when one is confronted with an arbitration clause.
The countervailing concern is to hold parties to their agreement; if they have
made a bargain that disputes are to be arbitrated, then they should be held to
it. It may be that their case is weak, and would be readily dismissed by the
arbitrators; but such weakness of the case would be a matter for the
arbitrators to decide. The Court should not generally step in; indeed, it may
be that the parties selected process, arbitration, may lead to a different
result from the Court’s assessment. Given such different considerations, the
adoption of a different standard from the usual one in the stay or enjoining
of winding up proceedings would be justified on principle. In addition, in
these situations, the parties are essentially in dispute about the existence
of a dispute. Trying to ascertain a triable issue in this context is likely to
be an exercise that is not fruitful, efficient or proportionate, without any
countervailing benefit.

23 It may be thought that adopting this lower standard would stymie the
winding up regime by opening the door to gaming of the system by companies
desperate to fend off their creditors. There are two responses to this.
Firstly, if indications are that issues are not raised bona fide, that would
be a reason to find that there is no dispute prima facie, or that the court’s
powers should not be exercised in the applicant’s favour. Secondly, any
apparent injustice suffered by the creditors would have to be assessed in the
context of the bargain struck between these creditors and the company.
Arbitration would have been contemplated as being part of the process from the
moment the parties signed off on the agreement. Nothing inequitable or unfair
would result from the parties being made to go through arbitration before they
invoke the winding up process. If an arbitration clause was included, there is
no real injustice: pacta sunt servanda.

40 On the facts, Abdullah JC found that the plaintiff-company had successfully
established a prima facie case that (a) a dispute existed; (b) it had complied
with the requirements of the dispute resolution clause; and (c) such dispute
fell within the scope of the arbitration clause (at [26], [28] and [30]).
Accordingly, the injunction against the defendant-creditor was granted. An
appeal was filed against Abdullah JC’s decision but the hearing was
subsequently vacated after the defendant-creditor was put into creditors’
voluntary liquidation.

41 Finally, there are two recent decisions of the Hong Kong Court of First
Instance which are relevant to the present case. The first of these is Lasmos
Limited v Southwest Pacific Bauxite (HK) Limited [2018] HKCFI 416 (“Lasmos”).
The learned judge, Jonathan Harris J, cited both Salford and BDG in the course
of conducting a general survey of the authorities in Hong Kong, England and
Singapore which considered the question of what impact the presence of an
arbitration clause in an agreement giving rise to a debt relied on to support
a winding up petition has on the exercise of the court’s discretion to make a
winding up order.

42 With reference to the reasoning employed by Sir Etherton in Salford (see
[36] above), Harris J observed that like the UK, Hong Kong has enacted
legislation advancing a policy encouraging and supporting party autonomy in
determining the means by which a dispute arising between them should be
resolved (ie, the Arbitration Ordinance (Cap 609) (HK)), and that the courts
of Hong Kong have been strongly supportive of the development of arbitration
and the policy underlying the Arbitration Ordinance (at [15]–[16]). He then
noted that to conduct a summary judgment type analysis of liability for an
unadmitted debt on which a winding up petition is grounded, when the creditor
has agreed to refer any dispute relating to the debt to arbitration, would
give no weight to the policy underlying the Arbitration Ordinance (at [17]).

43 As for BDG, Harris J noted that Abdullah JC considered that the standard of
proof that the debtor-company was required to meet was one of a prima facie
dispute, that the court would not be concerned with the strength of its
defence, and that it was also necessary for it to demonstrate prima facie
compliance with the dispute resolution clause (at [22]–[23]).

44 Having concluded his survey of the authorities, Harris J held at [31] that
he intended to depart from the approach taken by earlier Hong Kong
authorities, and thus held that a winding up petition should generally be
dismissed where:

(a) the company disputes the debt relied on by the petitioner;

(b) the contract under which the debt is alleged to arise contains an
arbitration clause that covers any dispute relating to the debt; and

(c) the company takes the steps required under the arbitration clause to
commence the contractually mandated dispute resolution process and files an
affidavit in opposition to the winding up petition.

45 On the facts of Lasmos, since the company sought to be wound up disputed
the debt and required the dispute to be resolved in accordance with the
arbitration agreement, the winding up petition was struck out (at [1] and
[32]).

46 The second case is Re: Hong Kong Sports Industrial Development Limited
(formerly known as LeTV Sports Culture Develop (Hong Kong) Co. Limited) [2018]
HKCFI 1309 (“HK Sports”), which was also decided by Harris J, and just several
months after Lasmos. The parties entered into a settlement agreement which
provided for the payment of US$40.6 million in accordance with an instalment
schedule. It also provided that in the event of default in the payment of any
of the instalments, the entire initial agreed amount of US$40.6 million less
any payments received should become immediately due and payable. Thus, when
the company failed to pay the last two instalments, the petitioners commenced
an arbitration to obtain an award in their favour for this amount. In the
meantime, the petitioners also filed a winding up petition on the basis of the
two instalments that were payable to them.

47 The company resisted the winding up petition on the basis of the on-going
arbitration. In response, the petitioners argued that they were entitled to
issue the present petition because there was clearly a significant sum payable
by the company, which could not be disputed. Harris J noted from the affidavit
filed on behalf of the company that there was no explanation of why at least a
sum of US$12,905,000 was not payable, and that the payment of this sum was not
an issue in dispute in the arbitration. He thus held as follows (at [5]):

That being the case, there is no evidence before the court which
demonstrate[s] a bona fide defence on substantial grounds to the claim for
that sum and I can see no justification for requiring the arbitration to be
completed before allowing the petitioners to petition to wind up the Company
for the significant debt which, on the basis of the evidence before me, is
indisputably payable to them.

48 Thus, notwithstanding the on-going arbitration, Harris J ordered that the
company be wound up. The significance of HK Sports is that the mere spectre of
arbitration does not mean that the court must invariably dismiss or stay a
winding up application. If, as in HK Sports, a significant portion of the debt
is not disputed in the arbitration and the company is unable to pay that sum,
it may be that the court’s discretion should be exercised in favour of
granting the winding up order. The decision in HK Sports thus supplements
Lasmos by making clear that in exercising its discretion, the winding up court
can and should consider the precise nature and extent of the dispute as to the
debt which the debtor-company says should be resolved in arbitration.

Authorities in support of the standard of triable issues

49 I turn now to the key authorities relied on by the Plaintiff for the
proposition that the applicable standard of proof is that of triable issues,
even if there is a dispute between the parties that is governed by an
arbitration agreement.

50 The first of these is the decision of the High Court in Re Sanpete Builders
(S) Pte Ltd [1989] 1 SLR(R) 5 (“Sanpete”). The parties, Sanpete Builder (S)
Pte Ltd (“Sanpete”) and Nakano Singapore (Pte) Ltd (“Nakano”), entered into a
sub-contract. Subsequently, Nakano petitioned for Sanpete to be wound up on
the basis that it had failed to pay a debt of $4 million demanded by Nakano by
way of statutory notice, among other reasons. In response, Sanpete argued that
Nakano was precluded from presenting the petition since the sub-contract
provided for the submission of disputes between the parties to arbitration.
Chao Hick Tin JC (as he then was) rejected this argument, holding as follows
(at [37]):

All this clause means is that instead of a dispute being submitted to the
ordinary courts of law the parties have agreed that it be submitted to
arbitration. But the real question is still whether the contention by Sanpete
that it is entitled to claim liquidated damages or unliquidated damages and
set them off against the moneys due to Nakano under the subcontract is a bona
fide claim based upon substantial grounds which ought to go to arbitration
under cl 18 …

51 In other words, Chao JC was of the view that it was for the court to
consider whether the debtor-company had a bona fide claim based on substantial
grounds which ought to go to arbitration. On the facts, Chao JC concluded that
the winding up petition was not a proceeding within the scope of the
arbitration agreement (at [38]), and that Sanpete had not shown that the sum
claimed by Nakano was bona fide disputed on substantial grounds or that it had
a counterclaim based on substantial grounds (at [47]). He thus granted the
winding up (at [64]).

52 The Plaintiff next relied on the decision of the Court of Appeal in
Metalform Asia Pte Ltd v Holland Leedon Pte Ltd [2007] 2 SLR(R) 268
(“Metalform”). In that case, the respondent (“Holland”) served a statutory
demand on the appellant (“Metalform”) requiring it to pay an undisputed debt.
Subsequently, Metalform applied to the High Court for an injunction to
restrain Holland from presenting a winding up petition until Metalform’s claim
for damages against Holland arising under a sale-and-purchase agreement
(“SPA”) had been determined in arbitration. Critically, it was common ground
between the parties that the arbitrator was the proper adjudicator of this
issue (see Metalform at [89(b)]).

53 The High Court judge held that Metalform had a genuine cross-claim based on
substantial grounds in that it did not invent the cross-claim in order to ward
off the threatened winding up proceedings. Nonetheless, the injunction
application was dismissed on the basis that the security held in escrow for
any claims against Holland under the SPA reduced the quantum of the cross-
claim to the extent that it was not equal to or in excess of the undisputed
debt.

54 On appeal, the Court of Appeal agreed with the High Court that Metalform
had a genuine cross-claim based on substantial grounds (see [47], [52]–[53]
and [55]). However, the Court of Appeal went on to explore the question of
what standard of proof the debtor-company should be required to meet in a
“cross-claim” situation. The Court observed that Singapore, England and
Australia uniformly took the position that in order for an injunction
restraining the filing of a petition to be granted, the debtor-company must
show that there is a likelihood that the winding up application may fail or
that it is unlikely that a winding up order would be made (at [77]). For
convenience, I refer to this as the “unlikely to succeed” standard. On the
other hand, the position in New Zealand required the debtor-company to show
that a winding up petition against it was bound to fail (at [80]). Ultimately,
the Court of Appeal rejected Holland’s argument that the “bound to fail”
standard should apply, in favour of retaining the “unlikely to succeed”
standard. The Court of Appeal held (at [86]):

In our view, the “bound to fail” test is in principle the wrong test to apply
in cross-claim cases, whether the debt is disputed or undisputed. As a matter
of evidence, until the cross-claim is tried, it would be impossible to tell
what the decision of the court would be, either on the merits of the cross-
claim or whether its quantum would equal or exceed the undisputed debt.
Applying such a stringent test at the hearing of any application to restrain a
winding-up petition would effectively lead to the dismissal of the
application. It would amount to applying a principle of law rather than a
principle of evidence.

55 To be clear, the “unlikely to succeed” standard in Metalform is no
different from the “triable issue” standard set out in Pacific Recreation. As
noted by Quentin Loh J in Denmark Skibstekniske Konsulenter A/S I Likvidation
(formerly known as Knud E Hansen A/S) v Ultrapolis 3000 Investments Ltd
(formerly known as Ultrapolis 3000 Theme Park Investments Ltd) [2011] 4 SLR
997 (“Denmark”) at [26]):

I would also add that any linguistic divergence between the “triable issue”
test (see Pacific Recreation at [23]–[24]) and the “unlikely to succeed test”
(see Metalform ([21] supra) at [86]–[87]) is a distinction without difference.
As Lawrence Collins LJ remarked in Ashworth v Newnote Ltd [2007] EWCA Civ 793
(“Ashworth”) at [33]:

It seems to me that a debate (see e.g. Kellar v BBR Graphic Engineers (Yorks)
Ltd [2002] BPIR 544, 551) as to whether there is a distinction between the
‘genuine triable issue’ test for cross-claims and ‘real prospect of succeeding
on the claim’ (i.e. on the cross-claims) involves a sterile and largely verbal
question, and that there is no practical difference between ‘genuine triable
issue’ and ‘real prospect’ of success and certainly not in this case.

56 Finally, the Plaintiff referred to the High Court decision of Denmark. The
defendant (“Ultrapolis”) owed the plaintiff (“DSK”) a debt pursuant to an
arbitration award, which was registered as a judgment under the International
Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”). Subsequently, DSK served a
statutory demand on Ultrapolis demanding payment of the judgment debt.
Ultrapolis did not comply with the statutory demand, and thus DSK applied for
it to be wound up. In resisting the application, Ultrapolis raised, among
other grounds, the argument that it had a genuine cross-claim against DSK
which was to be decided in a second set of arbitration proceedings between
them. Against this backdrop, in considering the standard of proof that
Ultrapolis was required to meet, Loh J held that regardless of whether the
case was one of a “cross-claim” or a “disputed debt”, the applicable standard
was no more than that for resisting a summary judgment application, ie, the
triable issues standard (at [24]–[25], citing Pacific Recreation at [23]). I
note that Ultrapolis’ appeal against this decision was deemed withdrawn due to
its failure to comply with certain procedural deadlines.

Discussion

57 As can be seen from the preceding paragraphs, there were two distinct lines
of authorities before this court. The authorities supporting the Plaintiff’s
position spoke with one voice that the applicable standard of proof is that of
triable issues, even where there is an arbitration agreement governing the
dispute. On the other hand, the authorities supporting the Defendant’s case
that a different and lower standard of proof should apply were all fairly
recent, with the common underlying thread of according greater primacy to
arbitration agreements and party autonomy in general. The question which then
arose was this: which line of authorities should be followed?

58 In my judgment, this court could not depart from the position established
by the line of authorities cited by the Plaintiff, which included the Court of
Appeal decision of Metalform. To briefly recapitulate, the debtor-company in
Metalform sought an injunction to restrain the creditor from presenting a
winding up petition on the basis that it had a cross-claim which was equal to
or in excess of the debt. Critically, it was common ground between the parties
that the proper adjudicator of the cross-claim was the arbitrator. Thus,
Metalform stands for the principle that even if there is a dispute between the
parties which goes to the crux of the applicant-creditor’s winding up petition
and such dispute is governed by an arbitration agreement, the standard of
proof is that of triable issues.

59 I should add that I did not consider it to be of much significance that
Metalform was a “cross-claim” case while the present application was a
“disputed debt” case. There is no distinction between a genuine cross-claim of
substance in an amount exceeding the amount of the petitioner’s debt and a
seriously disputed debt insofar as both situations may call into question the
locus standi of the creditor to present a winding up petition against the
debtor (see Metalform at [64]–[70], particularly at [68]).

60 Likewise, it did not matter that Metalform involved an application by the
debtor-company to enjoin the creditor from commencing winding up proceedings
in the first place, while the present case involved a debtor-company resisting
a winding up application that had already been filed. As noted by the Court of
Appeal in Pacific Recreation, the standards to be applied in both situations
mirror each other (at [25]):

The situation in Metalform Asia differed from that in the present case in that
in the former, the court was considering whether to grant an injunction before
the issuance of a winding-up petition, whereas in the latter, the question was
whether a winding-up application which had already been filed ought to be
stayed or dismissed. However, even in a case such as the present, the courts
should not be quick to condemn viable companies which have plausible responses
to claims made against them. Thus, this court noted at [87] of Metalform Asia
that:

This standard of proof [ie, the “bound to fail” test] is also inconsistent
with the standard that is applicable where the application is to stay the
petition after it has been filed. The standard of proof in a stay application
founded on a serious cross-claim on substantial grounds is that the petition
is unlikely to succeed or that it is likely that the court will hold over the
petition in order to allow the cross-claim to be determined first. There is no
particular reason why the standard of proof should be higher in the first case
[ie, in an application to restrain the filing of a winding-up petition] than
in the second case [ie, in a stay application]. Moreover, it is ironic that in
the second case, irreparable damage might well have been done to the company
by the filing of the petition, and yet the standard of proof in staying the
petition is lower than the “bound to fail” standard. We therefore conclude
that it is inappropriate to apply the “bound to fail” test in cross-claim
cases.

Both the strength of the company’s cross-claim and the strength of the case
raised by the company to dispute the debt can provide grounds for a court to
prevent a winding-up application from proceeding any further, or to dismiss it
entirely. The tests for both of the situations discussed in the passage quoted
above thus necessarily mirror each other.

[original emphasis in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

61 Therefore, notwithstanding these differences between Metalform and the
present application, I was of the view that the former was of direct relevance
and applicability to the case at hand. Accordingly, I was bound to follow the
Court of Appeal’s decision in Metalform that the standard of proof that a
debtor-company is required to meet in a disputed debt case is that of triable
issues, regardless of whether that dispute is governed by an arbitration
agreement.

62 Nonetheless, I do accept that there is force in the policy reasoning
underpinning the Salford approach. It is a well-established principle that for
a creditor to try to enforce a disputed debt by means of a winding up petition
amounts to an abuse of the court process (see Metalform at [62] and Pacific
Recreation at [16] and [17]). This is arguably all the more so when the
parties have expressly agreed that such disputes are to be resolved by
arbitration. In such a situation, as Sir Etherton noted in Salford at
[40]–[41], rather than encouraging parties to bypass their arbitration
agreement by presenting a winding up petition, the court should dismiss or
stay such petitions, and in so doing effectively compel the parties to resolve
their dispute over the debt by their chosen method of dispute resolution. As
noted by Abdullah JC in BDG, this approach holds the parties to their
agreement, and there is nothing inequitable and unfair about compelling the
parties to go through arbitration before invoking the winding up process (at
[22]–[23]).

63 Further, from a macro perspective, it is clear that the Salford approach is
largely pro-arbitration. One major pillar of Sir Etherton’s reasoning in
Salford was that the legislature’s intention in enacting the UK AA was to
exclude the court’s jurisdiction to give summary judgment (at [40]). It was in
that context that the learned judge concluded that it would be “entirely
contrary” to such legislative policy if the court hearing the winding up
proceedings were to be required to investigate whether or not the debt is bona
fide disputed on substantial grounds (at [41]). The same approach was adopted
by Harris J in Lasmos, who considered the legislative intent behind the
Arbitration Ordinance, and concluded that it would be inconsistent with such
intent for the court to conduct a summary judgment type analysis of liability
in the context of winding up proceedings when parties had agreed to refer any
disputes relating to the debt to arbitration (see [41]–[42] above).

64 Thus, a strong argument may likewise be made for the adoption of the
Salford approach in Singapore, given her strong leaning towards upholding
arbitration agreements. In this regard, the remarks of the Court of Appeal in
Tjong Very Sumito and others v Antig Investments Pte Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 732
(“Tjong Very Sumito”) are worth setting out at some length, since the Court
clearly articulates the judicial policy of facilitating and promoting
arbitration:

28 There was a time when arbitration was viewed disdainfully as an inferior
process of justice. Those days are now well behind us. An unequivocal judicial
policy of facilitating and promoting arbitration has firmly taken root in
Singapore. It is now openly acknowledged that arbitration, and other forms of
alternative dispute resolution such as mediation, help to effectively unclog
the arteries of judicial administration as well as offer parties realistic
choices on how they want to resolve their disputes at a pace they are
comfortable with. More fundamentally, the need to respect party autonomy
(manifested by their contractual bargain) in deciding both the method of
dispute resolution (and the procedural rules to be applied) as well as the
substantive law to govern the contract, has been accepted as the cornerstone
underlying judicial non-intervention in arbitration. In essence, a court ought
to give effect to the parties’ contractual choice as to the manner of dispute
resolution unless it offends the law.

29 … Courts should therefore be slow to find reasons to assume jurisdiction
over a matter that the parties have agreed to refer to arbitration. It must
also be remembered that the whole thrust of the IAA is geared towards
minimising court involvement in matters that the parties have agreed to submit
to arbitration. Concurrent arbitration and court proceedings are to be avoided
unless it is for the purpose of lending curial assistance to the arbitral
process. Jurisdictional challenges must be dealt with promptly and firmly. If
the courts are seen to be ready to entertain frivolous jurisdictional
challenges or exert a supervisory role over arbitration proceedings, this
might encourage parties to stall arbitration proceedings. This would, in turn,
slow down arbitrations and increase costs all round. In short, the role of the
court is now to support, and not to displace, the arbitral process.

65 However, with respect, I considered the Salford approach to be too extreme
insofar as it emphasises the absolute primacy of the arbitration agreement.
The key thrust of Salford was that “save in wholly exceptional circumstances”,
the court’s discretion should be exercised in favour of dismissing or staying
a winding up petition so as to compel the parties to resolve their dispute
over the debt by their chosen method of dispute resolution (see Salford at
[39]–[41], cited at [36] above). Notably, Sir Etherton did not elaborate on
what these “wholly exceptional circumstances” were, save to note that he found
such circumstances “difficult to envisage” (see Salford at [39]). In fact, as
candidly observed by Nugee J in Fieldfisher, “[i]t [was] apparent, from the
way in which the Chancellor expressed himself in [39] of Salford Estates, that
he did not envisage that there would be any circumstances which were wholly
exceptional” (at [29]). It may thus be appreciated that the Salford approach
represents an unprecedented fettering of the court’s broad discretion to order
a winding up (see [27] above).

66 Further, according to Salford (at [41]), as long as the unadmitted debt
falls within the terms of the arbitration agreement, the winding up court
should not be required to investigate into whether the debt is bona fide
disputed on substantial grounds. In reality, this would more often than not be
the case, given the tendency for arbitration agreements to be drafted in
rather wide terms. Thus, under the Salford approach, the debtor-company need
only refuse to admit the debt, and then the mere presence of an arbitration
agreement governing the dispute ipso facto means that the court should stay or
dismiss the winding up petition in favour of arbitration. This approach leaves
practically no allowance for the winding up court to examine the genuineness
of the dispute raised by the debtor-company. Indeed, as observed in
Fieldfisher at [26]:

If the Companies Court, when faced with a winding-up petition, ought to
refrain from investigating the genuineness of any dispute out of respect for
the policy of the Arbitration Act, then, as far as I can see, it ought equally
to refrain from doing that in the case of administration as in the case of
winding up. …

[emphasis added]

67 On the whole, the Salford approach appears to “place a very heavy obstacle
in the way of a party who presents a petition claiming sums due under an
agreement that contains an arbitration clause” (see Eco Measure at [10]). This
may be seen to deal a blow to the insolvency regime since creditors
legitimately seeking to wind up insolvent companies may be delayed in or
entirely derailed from the recovery of their debts by debtor-companies, which
would be able to stave off winding up proceedings simply by raising disputes
which they say should be resolved by arbitration, even if these allegations
may be entirely unmeritorious.

68 I illustrate the above point with reference to the present case. The
Defendant has raised three legal bases for its dispute as to the debt, in
terms of liability as well as quantum, all of which it alleges should be
resolved by arbitration: (a) frustration; (b) force majeure; and (c) the
Plaintiff’s computation method with regard to the damages payable by the
Respondent (see [22]–[24] above). Under the Salford approach, merely raising
these allegations would be sufficient cause for this court to dismiss the
Plaintiff’s winding up application. This would be so irrespective of any
concerns this court might have over the Defendant’s lack of bona fides in
raising these disputes. In other words, in favour of according primacy to the
arbitration agreement, the Salford approach effectively binds the hands of the
winding up court.

69 In this regard, Abdullah JC’s decision in BDG provided a helpful gloss to
the Salford approach, as follows:

(a) First, the applicable standard of proof should be pegged to that applied
in cases for a stay of proceedings in favour of domestic arbitration, ie, a
prima facie case of a dispute falling within the scope of the arbitration
agreement (see [21], [26] and [30]). In applying this standard, the court is
not concerned with the merits of the defence; the weakness of the case is a
matter for the arbitrators to decide (at [22]).

(b) Secondly, the debtor-company’s bona fides is a relevant factor. If
indications are that issues are not raised bona fide, that would be a reason
to find that there is no dispute prima facie, or that the court’s powers
should not be exercised in the debtor-company’s favour. This requirement would
prevent debtor-companies from abusing the lower standard of proof to stave off
winding up proceedings (at [23]).

70 I note that the concept of “bona fide” under the BDG approach bears a
slightly different meaning as compared to under the orthodox approach. Under
the latter, the inquiry into whether the dispute is “bona fide” is, in
substance, equivalent to the inquiry into whether the dispute is
“substantial”. As stated by Lord Greene MR in Re Welsh Brick Industries, Ltd
[1946] 2 All ER 197 at 198 (referred to in Pacific Recreation at [23]),
whether there is a bona fide dispute is simply “another way” of putting the
question of “whether or not there is some substantial ground for defending the
action”. Thus under the orthodox approach, the inquiry into the “bona fide”
nature of the dispute necessarily involves a consideration of the strengths or
merits of the debtor-company’s defence. In contrast, under the BDG approach,
the winding up court is not to consider the strength or merits of the debtor-
company’s case at all (see [69(b)] above); the inquiry into the “bona fide”
requirement is simply limited to a consideration of the genuineness of the
debtor-company’s defence.

71 Overall, it seemed to me that BDG provided a middle ground between the
orthodox approach and the Salford approach. In particular, BDG provided a more
nuanced approach than Salford on how the courts should respond to the
competing tensions at play at the intersection between the domains of
arbitration and insolvency. For clarity, I set out these three approaches
again:

(a) Under the orthodox approach (per Pacific Recreation and Metalform, among
others), the debtor-company needs to establish the existence of a substantial
and bona fide dispute over the debt. If the debtor-company is able to show
triable issues, the winding up court will grant an injunction to restrain the
applicant-creditor from commencing winding up proceedings or stay or dismiss a
winding up application, as the case may be.

(b) Under the Salford approach, the debtor-company need only show that there
is a dispute over the debt which is governed by an arbitration agreement. This
does not require the winding up court to investigate into whether the debt is
bona fide disputed on substantial grounds. Save in wholly exceptional
circumstances, the court should dismiss or stay the winding up petition.

(c) Under the BDG approach, the debtor-company needs to establish a prima
facie case that there is a dispute between the parties which falls within the
scope of the arbitration agreement, and that the debt is bona fide (or
genuinely) disputed.

72 Accordingly, if I had not considered myself bound by the Court of Appeal
decision of Metalform to apply the orthodox approach, I would have been
amenable to applying the BDG approach in the present case. I should mention
that Ang SJ also did not appear to apply the strict Salford approach in
determining SUM 3677, which was the Defendant’s application for an interim
injunction to restrain the Plaintiff from commencing winding up proceedings.
It will be recalled that both Salford and BDG were cited to the learned judge,
and that he dismissed the application on the basis that he was “not satisfied
that there [was] a bona fide dispute” (see [18] above). If Ang SJ had applied
the strict Salford approach, the mere fact that there was a dispute as to the
debt that fell within the scope of the arbitration agreement in the GMRA would
have been sufficient cause for the interim injunction to be granted for the
purpose of compelling the parties to resolve their dispute via arbitration.

73 As I will discuss in the following section, I did not consider that the
Defendant had raised a bona fide dispute regarding the debt of
US$170,388,766.03 – either in the orthodox sense that there were substantial
grounds for defending the action, or in the narrower BDG sense that the debt
was genuinely disputed. Accordingly, regardless of whether the orthodox or the
BDG approach applied, I held that the Defendant failed to establish its case
that the Plaintiff’s winding up application should be dismissed.

Whether the debt was bona fide disputed

74 To begin with, between the period of 10 April 2018 (when the Defendant was
first notified of its default under the GMRA) and 9 August 2018, the Defendant
never disputed its liability to pay the amount as stated in the various
calculation notices, or the amount itself (see [9]–[13] above). For
completeness, I should add that I do not consider that the announcement put up
by AnAn International Limited on the SGX website on 30 July 2018 counts for a
communication from the Defendant. The Defendant argued that its silence for
this period, even in the face of repeated claims against it, did not preclude
the existence of a dispute (see Tjong Very Sumito at [61]). I agreed that the
Defendant’s silence for this period, taken by itself, would have been
insufficient to demonstrate the Defendant’s lack of bona fides. However,
viewing this silence in context with what happened thereafter, I agreed with
the Plaintiff that the Defendant clearly lacked a genuine belief in any of the
grounds it put forward as the basis for the alleged dispute. In my view, the
fact that the Defendant’s case continually morphed and shifted over a short
span of time from 10 to 30 August 2018 betrayed its lack of bona fides.

75 The very first instance of direct communication from the Defendant was by
way of its letter dated 10 August 2018. However, that letter only mentioned in
vague terms that the Defendant “disputes that the said sum of
US$170,388,766.03 is due and owing”. It did not provide any elaboration as to
whether this was a dispute as to liability and/or quantum, and on what legal
basis this dispute was mounted (see [14] above). It was soon revealed that the
Defendant’s case was that the GMRA had been frustrated by the OFAC Sanctions
and the falling share price of EN+ (see [16]–[17] above). Aside from this, no
other grounds of dispute were raised in the Defendant’s supporting affidavits
for OS 975 and SUM 3677 dated 10 and 13 August 2018 respectively, and at the
hearing on 13 August 2018 before Ang SJ.

76 Yet, not long after, in its notice of arbitration filed on 23 August 2018,
the Defendant disputed for the first time the computation method used by the
Plaintiff, in addition to the initial ground of frustration (see [25] above).
Further, just one week later on 30 August 2018, the Defendant raised the force
majeure argument for the first time in these proceedings (although, as noted
at [74] above, it was mentioned in the SGX announcement by the Defendant’s
subsidiary). Thus, all in all, the Defendant raised three grounds on which it
disputed the debt.

77 I deal first with the frustration ground, which was essentially the only
aspect of the Defendant’s case that remained constant. It will be recalled
that the Defendant had first raised this argument at the hearing of SUM 3677
as its sole basis for seeking an interim injunction against the Plaintiff. Ang
SJ found no bona fide dispute as to the debt on the basis of frustration, and
noted that the Defendant had not suggested that it had been prohibited by the
OFAC Sanctions from performing its obligations under the GMRA. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, Tab 10, p 111.

The Defendant did not appeal against any portion of this decision (see [18]
above). Yet, the Defendant raised the exact same ground to resist the winding
up application subsequently filed by the Plaintiff, without providing any
further substantiation as to why and how the doctrine of frustration was
applicable. A party must be strictly held to its contractual obligations and
should only be released from them where supervening events make it impossible,
and not merely onerous, to fulfil them (see RDC Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo
(S) Pte Ltd [2007] 4 SLR(R) 413 (“RDC”) at [80]). It was entirely unclear how
the OFAC Sanctions and the falling share price of EN+ could be said to have
made it impossible for the Defendant to comply with its obligation to maintain
the required level of collateral in respect of the Transaction, such that the
doctrine of frustration could plausibly apply. Accordingly, it seemed to me
that the frustration ground could not have been raised bona fide – both in the
orthodox sense that there were no substantial grounds for defending the
action, and in the BDG sense that the dispute was not genuine.

78 I turn now to the force majeure ground. Quite aside from the belated nature
in which this argument was raised, this ground was a complete legal non-
starter. As observed by the High Court in Magenta Resources (S) Pte Ltd v
China Resources (S) Pte Ltd [1996] 2 SLR(R) 316 (cited with approval in RDC at
[57]), what is referred to as force majeure in our law is no more than a
convenient way of referring to contractual terms that the parties have agreed
upon to deal with situations that might arise, over which the parties have
little or no control, that might impede or obstruct the performance of the
contract (at [60]). The Court of Appeal in RDC also noted that the principal
purpose of a force majeure clause is to contractually allocate the risks with
regard to the occurrence of future events in specific circumstances, all of
which are stipulated within the clause itself (at [53]). In other words, force
majeure is a contractual doctrine, with its applicability strictly depending
on the precise scope and ambit of the particular contractual clause. However,
the GMRA does not contain a force majeure clause at all. The Defendant
therefore cannot rely on the doctrine of force majeure as a basis to claim
that the GMRA has been discharged by agreement. This was correctly pointed out
to the Defendant as early as 11 August 2018, by the Plaintiff’s letter to it
(see [15] above). Yet, the Defendant persisted in raising the force majeure
argument in its affidavit-in-reply dated 30 August 2018. Tellingly, even in
that affidavit, the Defendant did not point to any specific contractual clause
as the basis for its force majeure argument. This could only have been because
it knew that there was no such basis to begin with. Again, it seemed to me
that the force majeure argument could not have been raised bona fide, in both
the orthodox and the BDG senses.

79 Finally, I come to the argument relating to the computation method adopted
by the Plaintiff in calculating the damages payable by the Defendant. It
should again be pointed out that this particular ground of dispute was raised
at a fairly late stage. However, the more fundamental problem with the
Defendant’s case was that it did not properly substantiate its position as to
what the correct computation method should be, nor did it state its case on
the quantum of the debt owed to the Plaintiff. The closest that the Defendant
came to doing so was in its affidavit-in-reply dated 30 August 2018, filed by
its director Mr Zeng Jianjun. After listing the aspects of the Plaintiff’s
computation method with which it took issue, Mr Zeng merely stated as follows:
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Affidavit of Zang Jianjun dated 30 August 2018, para 29.

Notwithstanding that the [Defendant] is in the midst of computing what the
precise amount it may theoretically owe to [the Plaintiff], if at all, I
believe that the difference is easily over USD$150 million, which is
approximately 88% less than what the Plaintiff is alleging.

80 As can be seen, the Defendant took no firm position on the amount by which
the debt should allegedly be reduced. It also provided no explanation of how
it arrived at its conclusion that the debt amount should be reduced by at
least US$150 million. It was particularly ironic that the Defendant complained
of the Plaintiff’s failure to explain its computation method when this
statement in its own affidavit-in-reply was bereft of any such explanation. I
therefore did not consider that the dispute that the Defendant raised as to
the computation method used by the Plaintiff was a bona fide dispute in the
orthodox sense that there were substantial grounds for defending the action.

81 Further, in my view, the absence of any attempt to quantify the alleged
reduced debt amount spoke to the Defendant’s lack of bona fides in the BDG
sense. Having regard to the fact that the margin trigger event notice had been
issued on 6 April 2018 and the subsequent conduct of the Defendant (as
detailed at [75]–[76]), I took the view that the Defendant deliberately
omitted to particularise its case because it knew that even if it quantified
the amount that the debt should allegedly be reduced by, there would still be
a substantial debt owed to the Plaintiff, and that alone would be sufficient
basis for the court to grant a winding up order. After all, the presumption of
insolvency under s 254(2)(a) of the CA operates so long as the debtor does not
pay a sum which is not in dispute, and that sum exceeds the prescribed minimum
amount for the issuance of a statutory demand (see Salford at [28]–[29];
Sanpete at [53]–[63]; and Denmark at [38], citing Pacific King Shipping Pte
Ltd v Glory Wealth Shipping Pte Ltd [2010] 4 SLR 413 at [26]). The fact of the
matter was that the Plaintiff had purchased approximately 35 million EN+ GDRs
for nearly USD$250 million, before the share price plummeted from US$13 to
US$5.60 per share (see [4]–[8] above). Under the GMRA, the Defendant was under
an obligation to top up the amount of collateral; and having failed to do so,
the Defendant was liable to pay damages to the Plaintiff (the frustration and
force majeure grounds being unsustainable in law: see [77]–[78] above).
Bearing in mind the massive sums involved in the Transaction, it was difficult
to see how the Defendant’s debt to the Plaintiff could ever be reduced to a
sum below S$10,000, the prescribed minimum amount for the issuance of a
statutory demand. Thus, the presumption of insolvency would still operate,
leaving the Defendant liable to be wound up on the basis that it was unable to
pay its debts.

82 This outcome is also consistent with the approach in HK Sports (see
[46]–[47] above). The approach of the Hong Kong Court of First Instance may be
summarised as follows: even if there is a dispute as to the underlying debt
and such dispute is governed by an arbitration agreement, the winding up court
is entitled to look at the precise nature and extent of the dispute as to the
debt. In my view, as long as there is a sum payable which is greater than the
statutory minimum required for the issuance of a statutory demand, and this
sum is not disputed or cannot be disputed in the arbitration, the court’s
discretion may be exercised in favour of granting the winding up order. Given
the massive sums of money involved in the Transaction, it was obvious that any
debt owed by the Defendant would on any view exceed the minimum required for
the issuance of the statutory demand. I therefore saw no justification for
requiring the arbitration to be completed before allowing the Plaintiff to
proceed to wind up the Defendant.

83 Ultimately, I was not convinced that the Defendant’s dispute as to the
Plaintiff’s computation method was a genuine one, even if it appeared to be
governed by the arbitration agreement in the GMRA. To my mind, if the defence
raised is so obviously lacking in merit – as in this case – that the
defendant’s bona fides in raising that defence in the first place can be
rightly called into question, the court cannot then turn a blind eye and allow
such a plainly unmeritorious claim to go to arbitration. In such
circumstances, it would only be proper for the winding up court to exercise
its discretion in favour of granting the winding up.

84 Accordingly, regardless of whether the orthodox approach or the BDG
approach applied, I did not consider that the debt was bona fide disputed by
the Defendant. The Defendant therefore failed to establish its case that the
Plaintiff’s winding up application should be dismissed.

Conclusion

85 For the foregoing reasons, I granted the prayers sought by the Plaintiff in
the following terms:

(a) pursuant to s 254(1)(e) read with s 254(2)(a) of the CA, that a winding up
order be made against the Defendant;

(b) that Bob Yap Cheng Ghee, Wong Pheng Cheong Martin and Toh Ai Ling be
appointed as joint and several liquidators of the Defendant; and

(c) the costs of the proceedings be taxed, if not agreed or fixed, and paid to
the Plaintiff out of the assets of the Defendant.

Dedar Singh Gill  
Judicial Commissioner

Shobna d/o V Chandran, Lee Chia Ming, Ashwin Nair Vijayakumar and Alexander
Choo Wei Wen (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Daniel Soo and Cumara Kamalacumar (Selvam LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

