Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 33

Originating Summons No 631 of 2017  
Summons No 2625 of 2017

Between

Milan International Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Cluny Development Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Etiqa Insurance Pte Ltd  
  
… Respondents

grounds of decision

[Building and construction law] — [Building and construction related
contracts] — [Guarantees and bonds]

[Credit and security] — [Performance bond]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Milan International Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Cluny Development Pte Ltd and another

[2018] SGHC 33

High Court — Originating Summons No 631 of 2017 and Summons No 2625 of 2017  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
19 July; 4 October 2017

13 February 2018

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 On 20 May 2016, Cluny Development Pte Ltd (“Cluny”) engaged Milan
International Pte Ltd (“Milan”) to build six units of strata detached houses
at Jalan Harom Setangkai and Cluny Park Road (“the Project”). The Project was
to be completed by 19 May 2018. This 24-month contract period included a four-
month mobilisation period in which Milan was to obtain various permits to
commence work from the Building and Construction Authority (“the BCA”) and the
Land Transport Authority (“the LTA”).

2 As things panned out, the permit applications were substantially delayed and
were only made between November 2016 and January 2017, some two to four months
after the expiry of the mobilisation period. Eventually, Cluny discovered that
the application for a permit to commence work in respect of permanent
structural works was rejected by the BCA because Milan’s particulars were
irregular. Specifically, Milan’s General Builder Class 1 Licence (“GB1
Licence”) had expired on 8 October 2016, which meant that Milan was not
authorised to carry out any building works. Cluny terminated Milan’s
employment on 22 February 2017, relying on Milan’s failure to renew its GB1
Licence, failure to proceed with diligence and failure to maintain the
contractually-stipulated minimum sum in its project account.

3 On 29 May 2017, Cluny made a demand on a performance guarantee dated 22
November 2016 (“the PG”) furnished by Etiqa Insurance Pte Ltd (“Etiqa”) in
relation to Milan’s performance in this Project. On 7 June 2017, Milan applied
for an injunction to restrain Cluny from receiving the sum of $991,883.60 from
Etiqa based on the call on the PG. Milan also applied for an interim
injunction of the same nature.

4 I heard both matters and dismissed the applications on 4 October 2017. In my
view, Milan failed to establish a strong prima facie case of fraud and/or
unconscionability on Cluny’s part. In fact, the documentary evidence
contradicted Milan’s position in material ways. Milan has appealed against my
decision and I now set out my full grounds.

Background facts

The Contract and the PG

5 As mentioned, the Project was for the construction of six units of strata
detached houses. On 9 April 2015, Cluny obtained written permission from the
Urban Redevelopment Authority (“the URA”) for the proposed development. On 25
April 2016, the BCA approved Cluny’s building plans.

6 By way of a letter of award dated 20 May 2016 (“the Contract”), Cluny
engaged Milan as its main contractor for the Project for the lump sum price of
$9,918,836 (“the Contract Sum”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defendant’s Core Bundle (“DCB”), Tab 1.

The Contract incorporated the Singapore Institute of Architects’ Articles and
Conditions of Building Contract – Lump Sum Contract (9th ed, September 2010)
(“the SIA Conditions”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

DCB, Tab 1 cl 4.0.

The scope of Milan’s works under the Contract included, but was not limited
to, site clearance and demolition of existing structures; detection and
protection of existing underground services and cables; excavation for a
basement with a depth of about 4.8m; construction of a reinforced concrete
structure for two-storey strata detached houses with attic and roof; roofing
and canopy, architectural finishes, installation of mechanical and electrical
services; and external works including roadways and landscaping.

7 Liu & Wo Architects Pte Ltd (“the Initial Architect”) were engaged as
Cluny’s architect until they ceased employment on 1 October 2016 and were
replaced by AGA Architects Pte Ltd (“the Architect”) on 1 November 2016. Cluny
engaged JIB Specialist Consultants Pte Ltd as the Project’s structural
engineer (the Structural Engineer”). Milan engaged its own professional
engineer, GNG Consultants Pte Ltd (“Milan’s PE”), to act as a Qualified Person
(“QP”) in relation to matters falling within its scope of works.

8 Clause 9.1 of the Contract required Milan to provide Cluny with a
performance bond amounting to 10% of the Contract Sum in the form of a
Banker’s Guarantee. However, cl 5 of the Terms and Conditions in Appendix A of
the Contract stated that Milan “may not need to submit the Performance bond
(Demand Bond) during [the] mobilisation period”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

DCB, Tab 1 at Appendix A.

Milan was only asked to furnish the PG after the mobilisation period had
expired. On 22 December 2016, Milan submitted the PG dated 22 November 2016 to
Cluny at a site meeting for the sum of $991,883.60. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, pp 243–245; Affidavit of John Seah, Tab 2-75.

The relevant terms of the PG are as follows:

In consideration for the Employer [ie, Cluny] not insisting on the Contractor
paying cash as a Security Deposit for the Contract the Guarantor [ie, Etiqa]
hereby undertakes as follows:

1\. The Guarantor [ie, Etiqa] unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes and
covenants to pay in full forthwith upon demand in writing any sum or sums that
may from time to time be demanded by the Employer [ie, Cluny] up to a maximum
aggregate sum of Singapore Dollars Nine Hundred Ninety One Thousand Eight
Hundred Eighty Three and Cents Sixty Only (S$991,883.60) without requiring any
proof that the Employer is entitled to such sum or sums under the Contract or
that the Contractor has failed to execute the Contract or is otherwise in
breach of the Contract. Any sum or sums so demanded shall be paid forthwith by
the Guarantor unconditionally, without any deductions whatsoever and
notwithstanding the existence of any differences or disputes between the
Employer and the Contractor arising under or out of or in connection with the
Contract or the carrying out of work thereunder or as to any amount or amounts
payable thereunder and notwithstanding that such differences or disputes have
been referred to arbitration or are the subject of proceedings in Court or is
in the midst of any other means of dispute resolution.

Delays in obtaining statutory approvals

9 The circumstances leading up to Cluny’s termination of Milan and subsequent
call on the PG mainly revolve around Milan’s alleged failure to obtain the
requisite permits to commence works and delay in commencing works (apart from
preliminary works that do not require statutory approval). It is undisputed
that as at the time of Milan’s termination on 22 February 2017, only
preliminary works or part thereof had been carried out and none of the
structural works, whether temporary or permanent, had been commenced.

10 It is common ground that, to comply with the Building Control Act (Cap 29,
1999 Rev Ed), building works may only commence after obtaining a permit from
the BCA to carry out the proposed structural works, also known as a permit to
commence work (“the BCA Permit”). In addition, due to the nature of the
proposed works, some specific permissions had to be obtained before work could
commence: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of John Seah, paras 19–20.

(a) As the scope of works included excavation to a depth of 4.8m, the BCA had
to approve the plans for the Earth Retaining or Stabilising Structures
(“ERSS”) and grant a permit to commence work (collectively referred to as “the
BCA-ERSS Permit”) (see ss 5–6 and 7(2) of the Building Control Act); Regs 4(1)
and 21 of the Building Control Regulations 2003 (GN No S666/2003)).

(b) As the site for the Project was situated directly above tunnels servicing
the Circle Line Mass Rapid Transit, a permit to carry out works (“the LTA-Rail
Permit”) had to be obtained from the LTA (see Rapid Transit Systems (Railway
Protection, Restricted Activities) Regulations (Cap 263A, Reg 3, 1997 Rev
Ed)). It appears from the parties’ documents that for this purpose, the ERSS
plans and engineering plans had to be submitted to the LTA as well. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Affidavit of John Seah, Tab 2-89; Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, para 41.

11 The Contract provided for a mobilisation period of about four months until
12 September 2016 “to obtain the Permit to Commence Work from BCA ERSS and LTA
(Rail) DBS”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

DCB, Tab 1 p 16 at para 1.

Under cl 7 of the Terms and Conditions in Appendix A of the Contract, the
value of Milan’s work done within the mobilisation period was deemed to be not
more than $30,000. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

DCB, Tab 1 at Appendix A.

The parties disputed what other approvals had to be obtained prior to or
concurrently with the BCA Permit. They also disputed who was responsible for
obtaining the various permits and whose fault it was that the permits had not
been obtained by the time that the Contract was terminated.

12 During a site meeting on 2 June 2016, Milan reported that it was making
progress with the design of the ERSS. Milan targeted submitting the ERSS
application to the BCA in early July 2016. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Affidavit of John Seah, para 68 and Tab 2-2 (Item 3.2).

In subsequent site meetings, this target was shifted to 1 August 2016 and then
to 10 August 2016. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Affidavit of John Seah, para 68, Tab 2-23 (Item 4.1) and Tab 2-38 (Item
4.1.4).

However, by the end of the mobilisation period, Milan had not made ERSS
submissions to the BCA or the LTA. Milan did not formally apply for an
extension of the mobilisation period.

13 On 1 October 2016, the Initial Architect ceased to act as the architect for
the Project. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Affidavit of John Seah, Tab 1-34.

The Architect came on board on 1 November 2016. As of that date, none of the
three permits set out above had been obtained. The Architect also assessed
that there were delays in other aspects of Milan’s initial works, such as the
construction of the site office, the supply of electricity and water
facilities, and the furnishing of the performance bond and other documents,
among other things. Therefore, on 17 November 2016, the Architect issued
Architect’s Direction No 1 requiring Milan to take specific steps to secure
compliance with the Contract. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

DCB, Tab 5.

These specific steps included the obtaining of the “Permit to Commence Work
from BCA, ERSS and LTA (Rail)”.

LTA-Rail Permit submission

14 On 24 November 2016, Milan’s PE submitted the ERSS plans and an application
for the LTA-Rail Permit to the LTA. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Affidavit of John Seah, para 27 and Tab 2-89.

The LTA responded on 7 December 2016 stating they would not process the
submission until the Architect resubmitted a fresh notice of approval of the
development proposal since the Initial Architect was no longer supervising the
Project. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, p 251.

On 9 December 2016, the Architect duly notified the LTA and the BCA that it
was the new architect for the Project and assumed responsibility for the
previous architect’s approvals. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, pp 258–259, 264.

According to the Architect’s email update to Milan, the LTA noted the change
in Architect and allowed Milan to proceed with the LTA-Rail Permit submission
concurrently. Milan’s PE resubmitted the application to the LTA on 19 January
2017. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, para 45 and p 311; cf Affidavit of John Seah, Tab
2-89.

15 In the meantime, the Architect continued throughout November and December
2016 to remind Milan that structural works were to commence no later than 20
December 2016. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Affidavit of John Seah, Tab 1-81–1-82.

Amongst the outstanding tasks by Milan set out in the correspondence were the
ERSS submission to the BCA and LTA Rail, the BCA Permit and LTA-Rail Permit.
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Affidavit of John Seah, Tab 1-82.

On 21 December 2016, the Architect issued a further letter to notify Milan
that the contract would be terminated if Milan continued to fail to fulfil the
conditions of the Contract (“the 21 Dec 2016 Letter”). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DCB, Tab 7.

The Architect highlighted that despite reminders, Milan had failed to submit
all necessary documentation to expedite the works, in particular the
performance bond and the master programme.

BCA-ERSS Permit submission

16 On 30 December 2016, Milan’s PE submitted its application for the BCA-ERSS
Permit. The BCA responded with a written direction dated 23 January 2017 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, pp 306–309.

requiring more documentation, including a soil investigation report and the
LTA’s clearance letter for the design of the ERSS. In other words, it seems
that without the LTA’s prior clearance of the ERSS, which was still pending,
the BCA would not grant the BCA-ERSS Permit. Based on the evidence before me,
it is not clear whether Milan’s PE managed to submit this additional
documentation by the BCA’s deadline of 6 February 2017 or whether the
application was allowed to lapse.

BCA Permit submission

17 On 20 January 2017, the Structural Engineer applied for the BCA Permit. On
23 January 2017, the BCA rejected this application because the “Builder,
[Milan] has an on-going application and changes have not been updated yet”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Affidavit of John Seah, Tab 1-136.

It was discovered shortly after that Milan’s GB1 Licence had expired on 8
October 2016. A GB1 Licence is required for a builder to undertake any project
of any value, including projects above $6m in value. Milan does not dispute
that it is an offence under Part VA of the Building Control Act for builders
to carry out building works without a valid licence. Instead, Milan claims
that the GB1 Licence was not important until works commenced and that it could
have renewed its licence in two weeks if it had been alerted. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, para 96.

18 The Structural Engineer forwarded the BCA’s rejection letter to Milan on 23
January 2017 and requested Milan’s updated company registration with the BCA.
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Affidavit of John Seah, Tab 1-137.

On 4 February 2017, the Structural Engineer reminded Milan to follow up with
the BCA immediately and to provide them with the information required to
update Milan’s particulars and proceed with the application for the BCA
Permit. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Affidavit of John Seah, Tab 1-167.

Milan responded on 9 February 2017, providing only its bizfile profile. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Affidavit of John Seah, Tab 1-192.

In response, the Structural Engineer reiterated its earlier request for
Milan’s certificate of registration issued by the BCA.

19 On 17 February 2017, the Structural Engineer informed Cluny by way of
letter that the application for a BCA Permit was rejected by the BCA because
Milan had an ongoing application with the BCA and changes had not been
updated. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Affidavit of John Seah, Tab 1-270–271.

As Milan had yet to provide the relevant documentation, the application could
not be regularised.

Termination of Milan’s employment

20 On 21 February 2017, the Architect issued a Termination Certificate 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

1st Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, p 365; DCB, Tab 17.

to Milan, certifying that Cluny was entitled to terminate Milan’s employment
on the grounds that Milan had “failed and [was] still failing to proceed with
due diligence or expedition in its [w]orks, in that it [had] to date failed to
obtain the Permit to Commence Works and [had] also failed to commence
mobilization of its [w]orks at the site”. The Termination Certificate cited cl
32(3)(d) of the SIA Conditions as the ground of default.

21 The next day, Cluny gave Milan a Notice of Termination pursuant to cl 32(2)
of the SIA Conditions. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DCB Tab 18.

As an alternative ground for termination, Cluny alleged that Milan had
repudiated the Contract in the following ways:

4.1 Allowing your [GB1] licence to lapse and failing to renew the licence till
today;

4.2 Failing to maintain a minimum sum of $300,000 in the project account with
the bank for this Project;

4.3 Failing to proceed with due diligence in your Works in that you have till
today failed to obtain the Permit to Commence Works and failed to commence
mobilization of your works at the site.

Cluny thereby accepted Milan’s repudiation and terminated the Contract under
the common law.

22 Following the termination of Milan’s employment, on 4 May 2017, Cluny
engaged another contractor, BHD Construction Pte Ltd (“BHD”), to complete
Milan’s outstanding work for the sum of $10,630,000. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DCB, Tab 19.

On or about 18 May 2017, the Architect and the Project’s Quantity Surveyor
jointly issued a Cost of Termination Certificate pursuant to cl 32(8)(e) of
the SIA Conditions. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

DCB, Tab 20.

The Cost of Termination Certificate states that Cluny has incurred or will
incur an amount of $10,694,968.75 in completing the works in the Project
previously undertaken by Milan. It also states that the difference between the
Contract Sum and the price of the contract with BHD, ie, $776,132.75, is due
and owing by Milan to Cluny. In all Cluny alleges that it will suffer
additional costs and damages of $3,431,132.75 from the termination of Milan’s
employment, being $776,132.75 plus liquidated damages of $2,655,000. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Affidavit of Sum Kwok Khuen, paras 40–43.

23 Cluny issued a written call on the PG on Etiqa on 29 May 2017. Milan
disputed Cluny’s right to make a demand on the PG and commenced the present
applications on 7 June 2017.

Parties’ arguments

24 Milan claimed that Cluny’s call on the PG ought to be restrained because it
was fraudulent and/or unconscionable for the following reasons:

(a) Cluny, the Architect and the Structural Engineer had prevented Milan from
commencing works through their own delays in providing Milan with
documentation required for the BCA-ERSS and LTA-Rail Permit applications and
in obtaining other permits that were necessary to commence work. Therefore,
Cluny was responsible for the delays in the Project. Cluny did not honestly
believe that Milan had breached the Contract and should not be entitled to
rely on its own default to call on the PG.

(b) Cluny had shown through its actions that it did not want to be bound by
the terms of the contract between the parties, and was in repudiatory breach
of the Contract. In this regard, Milan relied on Cluny’s alleged attempts to
reduce the Contract Sum by $600,000.

(c) Cluny had unlawfully terminated the Contract because Cluny had not issued
a written notice as required by cl 32(3)(d) of the SIA Conditions. Further,
Milan had not committed the breaches alleged against it. Therefore, Cluny did
not honestly believe that it had grounds to terminate the Contract.

(d) Finally, Cluny has not suffered any damages and the figures stated in the
Cost of Termination Certificate are unsubstantiated.

25 In response, Cluny argued that Milan’s failure to commence works at the
site was due to Milan’s own delay in applying for the BCA-ERSS Permit and LTA-
Rail Permit and Milan’s poor financial standing. Milan’s permit applications
were not hampered or stalled by Cluny. Second, Cluny refuted the allegation
that it was in repudiation for offering a supplementary agreement for a lower
contract price. As for the validity of the termination, Cluny relied on
Milan’s failure to proceed with due diligence, the lapsing of Milan’s GB1
Licence, and Milan’s failure to maintain the requisite sum in the project
account as grounds for termination under cl 32 of the SIA Conditions and/or
the common law. Cluny claimed to have satisfied the procedural requirements
for termination under cl 32 of the SIA Conditions. Lastly, Cluny asserted that
it had a valid claim against Milan in excess of the sum guaranteed in the PG.

26 At the hearing, Cluny’s counsel, Mr Raymond Chan, sought to impress upon me
that the most material factor in the round was the lapse of Milan’s GB1
Licence on 8 October 2016, for which Milan had no good explanation. The lapse
of the GB1 Licence was a fundamental breach entitling Cluny to terminate the
Contract and would have caused all permit applications to be rejected in any
event. Mr Chan also clarified that Cluny was relying upon Milan’s failure to
obtain only the BCA-ERSS and LTA-Rail Permits, and not any other permits.
Therefore, I considered only Cluny’s allegations that Milan failed to obtain
those two permits and Milan’s rebuttals in that regard in support of its case
for an injunction.

Applicable legal principles

27 The applicable legal principles were not disputed. The parties did not
dispute that the PG was in the nature of an on-demand performance bond, and I
agreed that this was so based on the construction of the PG. Thus, in calling
upon the PG, Cluny was not required to establish or prove any breach by Milan
before Etiqa was obliged to pay under the PG.

28 To obtain an injunction to restrain Cluny from calling on the PG, Milan
must establish a strong prima facie case that Cluny has engaged in fraudulent
or unconscionable conduct (BS Mount Sophia Pte Ltd v Join-Aim Pte Ltd [2012] 3
SLR 352 (“BS Mount Sophia”) at [20]–[21]). This is a high threshold, and calls
on performance bonds will be restrained only in a narrow class of cases (BS
Mount Sophia at [24] and [31]). A high threshold is required because the
courts have recognised a perennial tension in determining if a call on a
performance bond should be restrained. On the one hand, calls made in bad
faith would result in the beneficiary receiving something he is not entitled
to and would damage the liquidity of the obligor who must compensate the bond
issuer (BS Mount Sophia at [27]). On the other hand, depriving the beneficiary
of its right to call on the performance bond could be detrimental to its
liquidity and its prospects pending the resolution of the substantive dispute
(BS Mount Sophia at [29]). Since the parties must abide by the bargain they
have struck and the allocation of risk they have decided upon for themselves,
the burden lies on the obligor to show why the beneficiary should be
restrained.

29 It is well established that unconscionability and fraud are separate and
independent grounds for restraining a call on a performance bond under
Singapore law. Since Milan has alleged both grounds, and unconscionability is
the lower standard of the two, Milan’s case turns on showing strong prima
facie proof of unconscionability. What amounts to unconscionable conduct
depends on the facts of each case. Unconscionability has been described as
involving abuse, unfairness or dishonesty (BS Mount Sophia at [19]), or
“conduct of a kind so reprehensible or lacking in good faith that a court of
conscience would either restrain the party or refuse to assist the party”
(Raymond Construction Pte Ltd v Low Yang Tong [1996] SGHC 136 at [5]). The
existence of genuine disputes and mere breaches of contract do not amount to
unconscionable conduct.

30 To put the principle in more concrete terms, where it can be said that the
beneficiary under the performance bond did not honestly believe that the
obligor whose performance is guaranteed by the bond has failed or refused to
perform his obligations, the court may find that a demand was made dishonestly
and in bad faith. Similarly, if the beneficiary has made a call for payment of
a sum well in excess of the quantum of his actual or potential loss and could
not have justified the demand for that amount, the beneficiary may be found to
be acting unconscionably and in bad faith (see JBE Properties Pte Ltd v Gammon
Pte Ltd [2011] 2 SLR 47 (“JBE”) at [11]). This is because a performance bond
is merely security for the secondary obligation of the obligor to pay damages
if the obligor breaches its primary contractual obligations to the beneficiary
(JBE at [10]).

31 Lastly, it should be borne in mind that in hearing such an application, the
court is not required to decide on the substantive entitlements of the parties
and or to engage in a protracted consideration of the merits of the
substantive disputes between the parties (BS Mount Sophia at [40]). In other
words, the court is not concerned with whether Milan was in fact in default or
not. This makes it important that the overall tenor and entire context of the
parties’ conduct leading up to the call on the PG supports a strong prima
facie case of unconscionability (BS Mount Sophia at [40]).

Analysis

32 Having reviewed the affidavits filed by the parties, the chronology of
events and the documents produced – particularly the minutes of the site
meetings and the correspondence between the parties – I am of the view that
Milan had not established a strong prima facie case of fraud and/or
unconscionability on Cluny’s part. In fact, I find that the documentary
evidence contradicted Milan’s position in various ways. I shall analyse each
of Milan’s grounds for asserting fraud and/or unconscionability (set out at
[24] above) in turn.

Whether Cluny had prevented Milan from commencing works

33 I begin with Milan’s allegation that Cluny had prevented Milan from
commencing works through their own delays in providing Milan with
documentation required for the permit applications and in obtaining other
permits that were also necessary to commence work. Specifically, Milan alleged
that Cluny was responsible for delays in the Project in the following ways:

(a) First, Milan’s initial position was that it was not responsible for
applying for and obtaining the BCA-ERSS and LTA-Rail Permits. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, para 49.

Subsequently, Milan appeared to accept that it was responsible, and claimed
instead that Cluny hampered the BCA-ERSS submission and LTA-Rail Permit
submission in two ways. First, the Structural Engineer only obtained approval
for the sub-structure scheme on 24 November 2016. Milan claimed the sub-
structural plans were required for Milan’s PE to prepare the submissions for
the BCA-ERSS and LTA-Rail Permits because the proposals for ERSS or excavation
works had to mirror and make calculations based on the sub-structural plans.
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Milan’s Submissions, paras 29–30 and 36.

Second, the Architect or Structural Engineer did not issue construction
drawings for the permanent basement works and Mechanical and Engineering
drawings (“M&E drawings”) which were required for Milan’s PE to prepare
calculations for its BCA-ERSS submission. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Milan’s Submissions, paras 54–56.

Cluny had only issued preliminary drawings.

(b) Second, Milan alleged that Cluny hampered the application for the BCA
Permit and the BCA-ERSS Permit, which had to be jointly submitted by the
developer, QP (for structural and architectural works), builder and site
supervisor. Cluny failed to endorse on the application forms even though Milan
had sent the forms to Cluny as early as August 2016. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Milan’s Submissions, para 41.

Cluny also failed to endorse on a document titled “Request for Consent for
Access”, which was allegedly to be submitted with the application for the BCA
Permit. This document was meant to seek the consent of the owners of
neighbouring properties for Milan to gain access to carry out pre-construction
surveys, install monitoring instruments, plaster and paint walls, and erect
scaffolding. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Milan’s Submissions, paras 42–43.

(c) Third, Cluny hampered the applications for statutory permits because there
was no QP (Architectural) lodged with the BCA for the Project between 1
October 2016 and 22 December 2016 after the Initial Architect discharged
itself. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Milan’s Submissions, paras 52–53.

Though the new Architect was appointed on 1 November 2016, Milan claimed that
the BCA only formally recognised the Architect as the QP for the Project on 22
December 2016.

(d) Finally, Cluny failed to promptly obtain other approvals that were
necessary to commence work. Cluny only obtained approval of the building plans
from the Public Utilities Board (“PUB”) on 24 March 2017. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Milan’s Submissions, para 38.

Further, Cluny failed to liaise with the occupant of the neighbouring plot of
land about its request for a higher height of hoarding so that Milan could
commence tree felling works. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Milan’s Submissions, paras 47–49.

Milan explained that tree-felling works had been halted by the National Parks
Board (“NParks”), which had been in discussions with Cluny and the
neighbouring residents about how to proceed. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, paras 51–52.

34 At the outset, I should state that it was clear from the Contract and the
site meeting minutes that Milan was responsible for applying for and obtaining
the BCA-ERSS and LTA-Rail Permits. Clause 1 of the Terms and Conditions in
Appendix 1 of the Contract provides for a four-month mobilisation period “to
obtain the Permit to Commence Work from BCA ERSS and LTA (Rail) DBS”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

DCB, Tab 1 (p 1-16).

The preparation and submission of ERSS works by Milan’s PE was priced into the
“Bill No 3 – Schedule of Works” in Milan’s tender submission. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, p 411.

As early as 11 May 2016, Milan had informed the Initial Architect that they
would be engaging their own PE for the purposes of the ERSS and LTA-Rail
submissions. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Affidavit of John Seah, Tab 1-8 at paras 1 and 5.

In the same letter, Milan confirmed that they would “be using 4 months or less
to obtain [LTA-Rail] and BCA ERSS permit”. At the site meetings, it was
invariably Milan which was tasked to provide updates on the BCA-ERSS and LTA-
Rail Permit applications and follow up accordingly. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, pp 64 (at 4.1 and 7.1.1), 71 (at 4.1), 81 (at 4.1
and 4.3), 249 (at 4.2 and 4.4), 267 (at 2.3(a)), 268 (at 4.2 and 4.4).

There is therefore no basis for Milan to suggest that it was Cluny’s
responsibility to obtain the permits.

Whether Cluny hampered the permit applications by failing to provide plans and
drawings

35 Turning to the first allegation that Cluny hampered the BCA-ERSS and LTA-
Rail Permit applications by failing to provide plans/drawings to Milan, the
evidence shows that either the plans/drawings had been provided, or they were
not necessary for the applications.

(a) While it is true that the plans for permanent sub-structural works were
only approved by the BCA on 24 November 2016, there was no evidence that Milan
required these plans for the permit applications. Milan did not pursue Cluny,
the Architect or the Structural Engineer for the approved permanent sub-
structural plans, which it would reasonably have done if the plans were
critical to its submissions. Nor did Milan cite Cluny’s failure to provide the
approved permanent sub-structural plans as an explanation for its delays in
any correspondence.

(b) Next, based on the site meeting minutes, the Initial Architect and the
Structural Engineers issued construction drawings and preliminary structural
drawings to Milan on 2 and 23 June 2016. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Affidavit of John Seah, p 3 and Tabs 2-3 (Item 5.11) and 2-14 (Item 5.11).

Given that Milan also did not pursue the Architect and Structural Engineer for
any further drawings, I accepted Cluny’s submission that Milan could have
relied on the drawings already issued to prepare its calculations for the BCA-
ERSS and LTA-Rail applications.

(c) As for the M&E drawings, Milan referred to letters dated 26 and 30
September 2016 in which Milan requested for them and alleged that the lack of
M&E drawings delayed their “planning and coordination works”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, pp 191–192.

However, none of these letters stated that Milan was unable to proceed with
the applications for the BCA-ERSS and LTA-Rail Permit applications without the
M&E drawings. Milan did not challenge the evidence of Mr John Seah (on behalf
of the Architect) that it was premature for M&E drawings to be issued because
the excavation and substructure works had not even commenced. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Affidavit of John Seah, para 31.

Whether Cluny’s failure to endorse on documents hampered the permit
applications

36 Second, in relation to Cluny’s alleged failure to endorse on documents
required for the BCA Permit and BCA-ERSS Permit applications, I accepted that
the joint permit application forms were handed to Cluny on 25 August 2016, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, pp 148 and 238.

and that Cluny did not promptly endorse the forms. However, Milan did not
actively pursue Cluny for its signature at any time between 25 August 2016 and
11 November 2016. After Cluny issued a notice of compliance on 9 November
2016, Milan pointed out in a letter dated 11 November 2016 that Cluny had held
back the applications for the BCA Permit and BCA-ERSS Permit by failing to
endorse on the joint application form which had been handed to Cluny. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, p 238.

On 15 November 2016, Cluny replied to state that they were not aware that
their signature was critical to the BCA-ERSS submission. Cluny noted that “if
it was that important [Milan] should have [made] it known and [Cluny] would
have reverted”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Affidavit of John Seah, Tab 1-74.

In my view, it is not unconscionable for Cluny to attribute the substantial
delay in the BCA-ERSS submission to Milan. Cluny’s signature did not affect
the substance of the BCA-ERSS submission and Milan’s preparation of the
supporting documents. If Milan had prepared the application in all other
respects without delay, Cluny’s endorsement could have been promptly obtained.
It was a fair inference from the evidence that the real delay was because
Milan had not prepared the application expeditiously.

37 As for the “Request for Consent for Access” forms, Cluny did not endorse
them because it had been advised by the BCA that these forms were not
required. This view was made known to Milan in correspondence. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Affidavit of John Seah, Tab 1-202.

I considered it to be a genuine dispute between Cluny and Milan whether this
contributed to the delays.

Whether Cluny’s change in architect hampered the permit applications

38 Third, I was not convinced that Milan’s permit applications were stalled by
the change in the architect appointed by Cluny. The Initial Architect ceased
its employment on 1 October 2016, by which time the four-month mobilisation
period had expired. At that point, Milan had still not applied for any
permits. Cluny appointed the new Architect a month later on 1 November 2016
and notified Milan on 10 November 2016. Milan’s PE was present at the site
meeting with the Architect on 10 November 2016 and could have begun working
with the Architect. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Affidavit of John Seah, Tab 2-50.

39 I note that Milan had to re-submit its application for the LTA-Rail Permit
because the new Architect had to submit a fresh notice of its approval, as a
QP, of the development proposal (see [14] above). However, the Architect
promptly submitted the requisite notice on 9 December 2016 after learning of
this requirement on 7 December 2016. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, pp 258–259.

40 Milan contended that the LTA-Rail submission was delayed because the LTA
only approved of the change in architect in its letter dated 22 December 2016.
54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, p 264.

In my view, this did not show that Cluny or the Architect was responsible for
the delay because the Architect had acted promptly. Further, the Architect had
informed Milan on 12 December 2016 that the Architect had spoken to the LTA.
The LTA had noted the change in QP and it was possible for Milan to re-submit
the LTA-Rail Permit application concurrently whilst the Architect’s notice was
pending the LTA’s acceptance. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, p 258.

Yet, Milan only re-submitted the LTA-Rail Permit application more than a month
later on 19 January 2017. There was no explanation for this delay. Hence,
Milan failed to show that Cluny’s change in architect was a cause of the delay
in obtaining the LTA-Rail Permit.

Whether Cluny prevented Milan from commencing work by failing to obtain other
statutory approvals

41 Finally, even if, as Milan alleges, Cluny had failed to obtain approvals
from the PUB, NParks, and the neighbouring property owner, these other
approvals are separate from Milan’s independent failure to obtain the two
permits within its scope of work and to commence work expeditiously. Milan has
not proved that these other approvals were necessary for the BCA-ERSS and LTA-
Rail Permit applications. To the contrary, Milan in fact applied for the BCA-
ERSS and LTA-Rail Permits before the PUB approved of the building plan on 24
March 2017 and the NParks issues were resolved. At no point did Milan
highlight to Cluny that delays on those fronts were holding up the BCA-ERSS
and LTA-Rail Permit applications, both of which were necessary to commence
work.

Conclusion

42 Given my views on Milan’s allegations, it followed that Milan has failed to
show a strong prima facie case that Cluny acted unconscionably or fraudulently
in alleging that Milan failed to commence works with diligence and expedience.

Whether Cluny was in repudiatory breach of the Contract

43 Milan’s next allegation was that Cluny had no intention of abiding by the
Contract and was in repudiatory breach because Cluny had attempted to reduce
the Contract Sum by $600,000 on three different occasions. In my view, the
evidence did not show that Cluny intended to repudiate the Contract.

44 First, Milan alleged that in May 2016, Cluny had proposed that the Contract
Sum would be inclusive of Goods and Services Tax (“GST”) such that Milan would
have to absorb the GST component amounting to $694,318.52. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, paras 55–57.

Milan rejected this proposal. Cluny’s director, Mr Sum Kwok Khuen, denied that
this took place. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Affidavit of Sum Kwok Khuen, para 15.

There is no documentary evidence of such a proposal by Cluny.

45 Next, Milan claimed that Cluny attempted once again to obtain a discount
when in May 2016, Mr Sum proposed that an architectural firm of which he was
the sole proprietor provide Milan with design and consultancy services in
relation to the Project for a price of $600,000. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, paras 58–65.

Milan alleged that this consultancy proposal was merely a “sham” for Cluny to
obtain a lower Contract Sum. In my view, this consultancy proposal was
unrelated to Cluny’s obligations under the Contract. It was put forward
independently by Mr Sum and ultimately was not carried out. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Affidavit of Sum Kwok Khuen, para 25.

46 Finally, on 26 January 2017, Cluny sent Milan a supplementary letter of
award in which the Contract Sum was reduced by about $600,000 to $9,300,000,
and the value of work done during the mobilisation period was capped at
$70,000 instead of the original $30,000. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, para 75 and pp 345–347; DCB, Tab 10.

Milan refused to sign the supplementary letter and formally rejected it in a
letter dated 8 February 2017. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DCB, Tab 12.

In my view, this appeared to be but an attempt by Cluny to procure Milan’s
agreement to vary the Contract Sum in exchange for more liquidity for Milan
prior to the commencement of works. When Milan rejected the proposed
variation, Cluny acknowledged its rejection in a letter dated 11 February
2017, and noted that the terms of the original Contract would stand. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DCB, Tab 14.

Cluny’s conduct did not disclose a strong prima facie case that Cluny
repudiated the Contract.

Whether Cluny’s termination of the Contract was unlawful

47 Milan’s allegation that Cluny’s termination was unlawful was two-pronged:
(a) that Cluny failed to comply with the procedural requirements for
termination under the SIA Conditions; and (b) that Cluny did not have a valid
basis for termination. On both grounds, Milan claimed that Cluny did not
honestly believe that it had grounds to terminate the Contract and was
therefore acting unconscionably in making a demand on the PG.

Cluny’s compliance with procedural requirements for termination

48 I deal first with the procedural requirements for termination. The SIA
Conditions provide as follows at cl 32(2): 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, p 527.

32\. TERMINATION BY EMPLOYER

…

Termination for Default

32.(2) Without prejudice to any right of the Employer in an appropriate case
to treat the Contract as repudiated by the Contractor under the general law,
the Employer may at any time within 1 month of the receipt of a certificate of
the Architect (in this Contract called a “Termination Certificate”) give
Notice of Termination of the employment of the Contract, which Notice shall
take immediate effect. In such a case the Notice of Termination shall identify
any relevant Termination Certificate upon which it is based, and the date of
its receipt by the Employer. The reliance upon a Termination Certificate in
the Notice of Termination may take effect additionally or as an alternative to
reliance by the Employer upon any alleged repudiation by the Contractor which
is also stated in the Notice, or which is the subject of any other notice or
contemporary letter or document passing between the Employer and the
Contractor. A Termination Certificate shall be issued to the Employer with a
copy to the Contractor, who shall be informed by the Architect in writing of
the date of its receipt by the Employer.

49 As mentioned at [20] above, the Architect’s Termination Certificate
identified cl 32(3)(d) as the ground for termination. Clause 32(3)(d) provides
as follows: 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, pp 527–528.

Grounds of Termination for Default

32.(3) The Architect may issue a Termination Certificate on any one of the
following grounds:

…

(d) If the Contract has wholly suspended work without justification or is
failing to proceed with diligence and due expedition, and following expiry of
1 month’s written notice from the Architect to that effect has failed to take
effective steps to recommence work or is continuing to proceed without due
diligence or expedition, as the case may be;

…

50 Reading cll 32(2) and 32(3)(d) together, the procedure to be followed when
terminating a contractor on the ground of failure to proceed with diligence
and due expedition is as follows: 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, p 528.

(a) The architect must issue a notice to the contractor that the contractor
has failed to proceed with diligence and due expedition;

(b) If, one month after the issue of the written notice in (a), the contractor
continues to proceed without due diligence or expedition, there would be
grounds for termination for default under cl 32(3)(d);

(c) If the architect assesses that there are grounds for termination for
default, the architect must issue a Termination Certificate to the employer.
The architect must issue a copy to the contractor and inform the contractor of
the date of receipt of the Termination Certificate by the employer.

(d) Within one month of receipt of the Termination Certificate from the
architect, the employer may give the contractor a Notice of Termination. The
Notice of Termination must identify the Termination Certificate upon which it
is based and the date when it was received by the employer.

51 Milan complained that the Architect did not issue a notice more than one
month before the Termination Certificate was issued (ie, a lapse in step (a)).
Cluny relied on Architect’s Direction No 1 dated 17 November 2016 and the 21
Dec 2016 Letter as the requisite notice under step (a) above. Architect’s
Direction No 1 stated: 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DCB, Tab 5.

Compliance to Conditions of Contract

Your immediate attention and actions are required to fully comply to Terms and
Conditions of Contract as stated therein the Letter of Award ... :

1\. To Obtain Permit to Commence Work from BCA, ERSS and LTA (Rail);

2\. To erect Site Office immediately;

3\. To complete 3m high hoarding and 6m high sound barrier fronting French
Embassy;

4\. To submit Construction Master Programme for approval;

5\. Commencement of works shall not [be] later than 20th November 2016;

6\. To submit Performance Bond equivalent to 10% value of contract sum;

7\. To submit proof of minimum operational sum of $300k;

8\. To apply for electricity, water and sanitary facilities connection.

The 21 Dec 2016 Letter stated: 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DCB, Tab 7.

We wish to highlight that despite our requests and reminders to submit all
necessary documentation to expedite works on site, we are disappointed that
these actions have not been carried out. In particular, you have failed to
submit the Performance Bond and Master Programme.

We wish to reiterate that failure to fulfil the full conditions stated in the
LOA and your obligations under the Contract would leave us no further choice
but to terminate your contract.

We hereby give you seven (7) days’ notice to meet all requirements as stated,
failing which the contract would be terminated without further reference to
you.

52 Cluny’s position was that in spite of these notices and reminders, Milan
continued to fail to proceed with diligence, and the Architect was thereby
entitled in February 2017 to issue a Termination Certificate on the ground of
cl 32(3)(d) of the SIA Conditions. Milan’s position was that neither the
Architect’s Direction No 1 nor the 21 Dec 2016 Letter could constitute the
notice under cl 32(3)(d). This was because, after the receipt of Architect’s
Direction No 1, Milan had taken steps to comply with the Contract by
completing the construction of hoarding, submitting the master programme and
performance bond, showing proof of a minimum operational sum in its project
account, and applying for electrical, water and sanitary facilities. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, para 110.

However, Cluny disagreed that Milan had accomplished these tasks with due
expedition. Specifically, by 21 February 2017, Milan had not obtained the BCA-
ERSS and LTA-Rail Permits and had not applied for electricity, water and
sanitary facilities.

53 Thus, the parties dispute to what extent the tasks listed in Architect’s
Direction No 1 were behind schedule and were outstanding on the date of the
Termination Certificate. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Affidavit of John Seah, para 99.

It is, however, clear that some of the steps outlined in Architect’s Direction
No 1 were accomplished, if not by the contractually-stipulated time, then at
least by 21 February 2017 when the Termination Certificate was issued. For
example, Mr Seah accepted in his affidavit that the PG was tendered on 22
December 2016, the construction programme was submitted on 5 January 2017, and
a container site office was erected on or about 17 November 2016. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Affidavit of John Seah, p 7 (first row) and paras 66–67.

54 In my view, there is some merit in both sides’ contentions. In Milan’s
favour, the Architect’s Direction No 1 did not give notice of a breach under
cl 32(3)(d) specifically or give notice that termination would follow if the
lapses were not rectified within a month. The 21 Dec 2016 Letter did not
particularise the failure to obtain the BCA-ERSS and LTA-Rail Permits but
instead cited the failure to furnish the PG and the master programme, both of
which were subsequently furnished before February 2017. On the other hand,
Milan does not deny that Architect’s Direction No 1 was a notice of non-
compliance with the Contract. The Architect’s Direction No 1 is, on its face,
a notice that Milan was behind schedule in relation to the specified tasks, at
least some of which remained outstanding on the date of the Termination
Certificate.

55 On balance, I find that Milan failed to prove a strong prima facie case
that Cluny terminated Milan without the prior written notice required under cl
32(3)(d). The correspondence also showed that the deadline for commencement of
works was postponed multiple times and Milan was reminded at numerous
junctures that the BCA-ERSS and LTA-Rail Permit applications were late and had
to be expedited.

Cluny’s substantive grounds for termination

56 I turn to the allegation that Cluny had no valid basis for termination. I
deal first with the ground under cl 32(3)(d) of the SIA Conditions. I was of
the view that whether and to what extent Milan had complied with Architect’s
Direction No 1 in substance – and thus whether Cluny had grounds for
termination under cl 32(3)(d) of the SIA Conditions – was a matter of genuine
dispute between the parties. This is borne out by my summary of the parties’
positions at [52] above. Further, it follows from my earlier examination of
the delay in the BCA-ERSS and LTA-Rail Permit applications (at [35]–[42]
above) that Cluny’s claim that Milan failed to obtain the BCA-ERSS and LTA-
Rail Permits with diligence and due expedition was not a baseless one. Thus,
Milan has not shown that Cluny did not honestly believe that it had grounds to
terminate the Contract.

57 Besides cl 32(3)(d) of the SIA Conditions, Cluny also claimed that it was
entitled to terminate the Contract under the common law on the basis of
fundamental breaches by Milan, namely: (a) Milan’s failure to carry out works
and obtain permits to commence work; (b) Milan’s failure to renew its GB1
Licence which expired on 8 October 2016; and (c) Milan’s failure to maintain a
minimum stipulated sum in its project account.

58 I was of the view that Milan failed to demonstrate a strong prima facie
case that Cluny had no grounds to assert these fundamental breaches against
Milan. I deal briefly with each ground in turn:

(a) As regards Milan’s failure to carry out works and obtain permits, I have
addressed Milan’s failure to obtain the BCA-ERSS and LTA-Rail Permits at
[35]–[42] above.

(b) As regards the GB1 Licence, Milan did not dispute that as at the date of
termination, it had not had a valid GB1 Licence since 8 October 2016. Milan
claimed that the licence could have been easily renewed within two weeks if it
had been notified. However, the evidence showed that Milan had in fact been
notified of this lapse. The BCA had informed Milan by way of letter dated 1
July 2016 that its GB1 Licence would be expiring on 8 October 2016 and
expressly stated that there would be no subsequent reminder. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

DCB, Tab 2.

It was entirely within Milan’s responsibility to ensure the GB1 Licence was
renewed. Later, when the application for a BCA Permit was rejected on 23
January 2017 because Milan had “an ongoing application”, 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Affidavit of John Seah, Tab 1-136.

the Structural Engineer became aware that Milan’s particulars lodged with the
BCA were not in order. Milan was duly notified (see [18] above). The
Structural Engineer did not seem to be aware that the lapse was with regard to
the GB1 Licence specifically. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Affidavit of John Seah, Tab 1-168.

However, the Structural Engineer pointedly inquired about Milan’s BCA
certificate of registration. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Affidavit of John Seah, paras 81–82, Tab 1-137 and 1-192.

This ought to have been sufficient to prompt Milan to ensure that all its
licencing and registration details were in order.

(c) As regards the minimum sum in the project account, cl 10 of the Terms and
Conditions in Appendix A of the Contract required Milan to maintain a minimum
sum of $300,000 in the project account. Milan claimed that the project account
was topped up to $300,000 on two different occasions, on 28 July 2016 and 29
December 2016. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, para 100 and pp 78–79 and 276–280.

However, this was clearly not representative of the whole picture. The account
statement adduced by Milan in relation to the deposit on 28 July 2016 shows
that later that same day, Milan withdrew the bulk of those deposits, causing
the project account to dip far below $300,000. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, pp 78–79; Affidavit of John Seah, para 94.

The account statement that related to the 29 December 2016 was for a different
joint account between Milan and a company named Westcom Solutions Pte Ltd; it
is not clear on its face that this was a designated project account. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Affidavit of Ng Giok Beng, pp 276 and 278; Affidavit of John Seah, para 95.

59 Therefore, Milan has failed to establish a strong prima facie case that
Cluny has no valid basis for asserting these breaches. In the event that these
breaches are established at a hearing, the question of whether any or all of
these breaches constitutes a fundamental breach entitling Cluny to terminate
the Contract is, again, a matter of genuine dispute. Cluny’s position was not
so clearly untenable as to prompt an inference that Cluny was acting
unconscionably.

60 Thus, even if I am mistaken regarding Cluny’s compliance with the
procedural requirements of cl 32(3)(d) of the SIA Conditions, I am of the view
that Milan has not established a strong prima facie case that Cluny has no
grounds for termination under the common law and was thereby acting
unconscionably in asserting breach and termination.

Whether Cluny has suffered loss

61 Finally, Milan alleged that Cluny has not suffered any damages and the
figures stated in the Cost of Termination Certificate are unsubstantiated,
such that Cluny is acting unconscionably in making a demand on the sum
guaranteed under the PG. In Mr Sum’s affidavit, Cluny estimated its damages to
be $3,431,132.75. This comprised $776,132.75 (being the difference between the
Contract Sum and the price of the replacement contract with BHD Construction
Pte Ltd) and liquidated damages of $2,655,000 calculated at the contractual
rate of $7,500 per day for 354 days. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Affidavit of Sum Kwok Khuen, paras 40–43.

Since a new builder has been engaged for a higher price and the completion of
the Contract has indeed been delayed, there is no sign of unconscionability in
Cluny asserting these sums as damages.

Conclusion

62 For the reasons explained above, I dismissed both applications for an
interim and final injunction. Bearing in mind that the court’s role in such an
application is not to decide on the parties’ substantive entitlements but to
assess the overall tenor and entire context of the parties’ conduct leading up
to the call on the PG (BS Mount Sophia at [40]), I was not satisfied that a
strong prima facie case was shown that Cluny acted unconscionably or
fraudulently. Not only were there matters of genuine dispute between the
parties, I found that the evidence materially supported Cluny’s position, at
least on a prima facie review. Having dismissed the applications, I awarded
costs of $10,000 (all inclusive) to be paid by Milan to Cluny.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge

Poonaam Bai d/o Ramakrishnan Gnanasekaran, Lawrence Tan Shien Loon and Ho Shao
Hsien (Eldan Law LLP) for the applicant;  
Raymond Chan and Soh Wan Cheng Denise (Chan Neo LLP) for the first respondent;  
The second respondent unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

