Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 232

Suit No 65 of 2013

Between

Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology

… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Stansfield College Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| TSG Investments Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Pleadings]

[Contract] — [Discharge] — [Breach]

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation] — [Statements of intention]

[Contract] — [Waiver]

[Restitution] — [Mistake] — [Mistake of law]  
[Restitution] — [Unjust enrichment] — [Failure of consideration]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology

  

v

  

Stansfield College Pte Ltd and another

[2018] SGHC 232

High Court — Suit No 65 of 2013  
Quentin Loh J  
19, 23–26 May, 25, 28 September 2017; 1 December 2017

24 October 2018 Judgment reserved.

Quentin Loh J:

Introduction

1 Suit No 65 of 2013 is the plaintiff’s claim for sums purportedly owed by the
defendants under a contract and, in the alternative, reasonable remuneration
on a quantum meruit basis for services it provided to the defendants. In its
defence, the first defendant claims that its contractual liability was
discharged by its acceptance of what it claims were repudiatory breaches on
the plaintiff’s part. The first defendant also counterclaims damages for these
breaches; sums of money which it paid to the plaintiff under a purported
mistake of law; damages for misrepresentation; and reasonable remuneration on
a quantum meruit basis for services it provided to the plaintiff.

2 By consent of the parties, the trial was bifurcated and this judgment deals
only with the issue of liability. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

HC/ORC 2405/2017; HC/SUM 4872/2016.

Having considered the evidence and the parties’ submissions, I allow the
plaintiff’s claim and dismiss the first defendant’s counterclaims save that I
find that the plaintiff breached one clause in the contract (see [74] below).
Damages for the breach will be assessed separately.

The parties

3 The plaintiff is the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (“RMIT”), a
university situated in Melbourne, Australia. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at para 1.

It was founded in 1887 and presently has campuses in Australia, Asia and
Europe. The plaintiff offers its programmes in Singapore through private
education institutions, including (in this case) the defendants. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Mr Crighton’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) at paras 5–6.

4 The first defendant, Stansfield College Pte Ltd (previously known as
Stansfield College Group Pte Ltd), is a company incorporated in Singapore on
25 January 2005 whose business includes providing private education, including
teaching courses in collaboration with overseas universities. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

First Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 1; Agreed Bundle of Documents
(“ABD”) 260.

It also trades under the name “Stansfield College”, which is separately
registered as a sole proprietorship with the first defendant as its current
owner. The key directors of the first defendant at all material times were
Kannappan Karuppan Chettiar (“Mr Chettiar”) and his wife, Cenobia Majella (“Ms
Majella”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at para 2; Plaintiff’s Opening Statement
at para 2.

5 The second defendant, TSG Investments Pte Ltd (formerly known as The
Stansfield Group Pte Ltd), is a limited exempt private company incorporated in
Singapore and founded by Mr Chettiar. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at para 3; Plaintiff’s Opening Statement
at para 2.

The second defendant was wound up on 25 January 2013. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

First Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 3.

6 Another company which is relevant to these proceedings, though not a party,
is SIC College of Business and Technology Pte Ltd (“SCBT”), previously known
as SIC Education Group Pte Ltd (“SEGP”), a limited private company
incorporated on 27 January 2005. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ABD 247.

Mr Chettiar had management and control of this company at all material times.
9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 4.

The facts

7 From 2006 to around 2012, the plaintiff contracted with a number of
different entities to teach its courses in Singapore. All these entities were
represented by Mr Chettiar. I first set out a timeline showing the changes to
the contracting parties, before explaining in detail how these changes came
about:

Date| Contracting parties  
---|---  
2 January 2006 –  
14 July 2008| PlaintiffSecond defendant  
15 July 2008 –  
15 December 2009| PlaintiffSecond defendant and SEGP  
16 December 2009 – 22 March 2011| PlaintiffSEGP with second defendant as
guarantor  
23 March 2011 onwards| PlaintiffSCBT and first defendant, with second
defendant as guarantor  
  
The 2006 Agreements

8 The relationship between the plaintiff and the second defendant began in
2005, when the plaintiff needed to find a new education institution in
Singapore to take over 37 students of mechanical engineering who were midway
through the plaintiff’s mechanical engineering course with another school,
Auston School of Management and Technology. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Mr Crighton’s AEIC at paras 10–11.

The plaintiff therefore approached the second defendant in around September
2005 to negotiate a collaborative venture. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Mr Crighton’s AEIC at para 8; Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at
para 8; Reply to Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 7) at para 6.

9 On or around 2 January 2006, the plaintiff entered into an agreement with
the second defendant for the latter to offer the plaintiff’s Bachelor of
Engineering (Mechanical Engineering) Programme (“BME Programme”) in Singapore.
This was effected by way of two contracts, one titled “Singapore Services
Agreement” and the other “Australian Services Agreement” (together “the 2006
Agreements”). The terms of the 2006 Agreements allowed the second defendant to
take in new students for the BME Programme up to 2009. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ABD 58–59, 75–76, 84 at Cl 4.1.

The 2006 Agreements are not the subject of the present suit.

10 In July 2008, the parties agreed to join SEGP as a party to the 2006
Agreements. The first defendant says that this was because of an internal
restructuring within the second defendant. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

DBAEIC 13 at para 20; Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 8(b).

It was also necessary for SEGP to be joined as a party because, even though
the second defendant was the counterparty under the 2006 Agreements, the
Ministry of Education had given approval for SEGP (and not the second
defendant) to administer the BME Programme in Singapore 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Mr Crighton’s AEIC at para 19; Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEICs (“PBAEIC”) 115.

and the courses were being marketed under SEGP 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

DBAEIC 13 at para 20.

.

11 On 15 July 2008, Mr Chettiar signed and returned a letter to the plaintiff
acknowledging that SEGP agreed to be a party to the 2006 Agreements and be
bound by all the terms and conditions thereof, and that the obligations of the
second defendant and SEGP under the 2006 Agreements would be joint and
several. On 1 August 2008, the board of directors of SEGP passed a resolution
resolving the same. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PBAEIC 111–114.

SEGP accordingly became jointly and severally bound by the terms of the 2006
Agreements together with the second defendant. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 7.

SEGP was the sole proprietor of a business registered on 27 October 1988 under
the name “Singapore Institute of Commerce” 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

First Defendant’s Bundle of Documents (“DBD”) 3051.

, and administered the BME Programme through that business.

The 2009 Agreements

12 The 2006 Agreements only permitted the second defendant and SEGP to accept
new intakes for the plaintiff’s BME Programme up to 2009. This required the
parties to enter into a new set of contracts thereafter for their
collaborative venture to continue.

13 On or around 16 December 2009, the plaintiff and SEGP entered into another
agreement for the latter to offer the plaintiff’s BME Programme, as well as
another four of the plaintiff’s programmes: (1) Bachelor of Engineering
(Aerospace Engineering); (2) Master of Engineering (International Automotive
Engineering); (3) Master of Engineering (Management); and (4) Master of
Engineering (Integrated Logistics Management) (together “the Five
Programmes”). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ABD 333, 433, 443; Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 18; NE
(19 May 2017) at p 13 lines 15–22.

The arrangements took effect by way of two contracts, titled “Singapore
Services Agreement” and “Australian Services Agreement”, not to be confused
with the two identically-titled agreements constituting the 2006 Agreements. I
will refer to these as “the SSA” and “the ASA” respectively. The ASA and SSA
were entered into as two separate contracts so as to distinguish between
income earned in Singapore and income earned in Australia for tax purposes. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 9; Mr Crighton’s AEIC at para 14.

They were signed by the plaintiff, SEGP (referred to in the ASA and SSA as
“Organisation”), and the second defendant (as guarantor for SEGP’s
obligations). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ABD 133 and 153.

As was typical of the plaintiff’s contracts with overseas partners 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 8; Reply and Defence to
Counterclaim (Amendment No 7) at para 6.

, the ASA and SSA contained the general key terms for the relationship between
the plaintiff and SEGP, while the details of the programmes to be taught (such
as pricing, payment, location and the relevant subjects) were specified in
annexures to the two agreements. Only two of these annexures (the “ASA-
Annexure” and “SSA-Annexure” respectively; together “the Annexures”) are
relevant to the present suit. They concern the BME Programme and were executed
on 2 December 2009. The ASA, SSA and the Annexures are collectively referred
to as “the 2009 Agreements” 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 8.

and are governed by the laws of the State of Victoria, Australia. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ABD 132 and 152 (see Cl 18.1).

It is important to note that though the ASA and SSA were stated to “continue
for the minimum period of candidature of all students enrolled in intakes for
the years 2010 to 2015 (inclusive)”, the Annexures covered student intakes
from 2010 to 2012 only. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ABD 126 at Cl 4.1; ABD 146 at Cl 4.1; ABD 161 at Cl 3.1; ABD 175 at Cl 3.1.

14 Under the 2009 Agreements, SEGP was to inter alia market the programmes,
prepare promotional materials, collect application forms and fees from
students, review application forms to ensure the students’ eligibility, send
the forms to the plaintiff for each intake, and provide the infrastructure for
running the programmes at SEGP’s campus, located at 1192 Upper Serangoon Road.
SEGP was also to coordinate visits by the plaintiff’s staff to conduct
programme quality reviews, exam preparations and any other workshops. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 12; Mr Crighton’s AEIC at paras 30–32.

The plaintiff was to enrol the students in RMIT, maintain student records, and
provide course guides and learning packages to students. It also set the
method and content of any assessment, marked and moderated assessment
materials, forwarded SEGP the students’ final examination results, and issued
degrees or awards to students upon their completion of the programmes. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 13.

The Amending Agreements

15 In November 2010, the first defendant obtained EduTrust certification from
the Council for Private Education (“CPE”), now known as the Committee for
Private Education, a body constituted under the Private Education Act (Cap
247A, 2011 Rev Ed). Mr Chettiar and his associate, one Ken Yeo Poh Siah (“Mr
Yeo”), suggested that registration of the plaintiff’s courses be transferred
from the Singapore Institute of Commerce to the first defendant for the future
intakes of the plaintiff’s courses, for the reason that EduTrust certification
would enhance student recruitment efforts locally and overseas. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Mr Crighton’s AEIC at para 42; PBAEIC 243; Mr Chettiar’s AEIC at paras 29 and
37; DBAEIC 250.

It was therefore decided in early 2011 to make the first defendant a party to
the 2009 Agreements. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 18.

16 The parties accordingly signed two amending agreements dated 23 March 2011,
one in respect of the SSA and the other in respect of the ASA (individually
“the SSA Amending Agreement” and “the ASA Amending Agreement”; together “the
Amending Agreements”). 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ABD 191 and 194.

The effect of the Amending Agreements was to add the first defendant as a
party to the 2009 Agreements. Pursuant to Cl 1.1 of the Amending Agreements,
the entity described as “Organisation” in the 2009 Agreements henceforth
comprised SEGP, the first defendant and SCBT. In actual fact this was only two
companies, because SEGP and SCBT were one and the same (SEGP changed its name
to SCBT on 12 March 2010 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ABD 252.

). Pursuant to Cl 4 of the Amending Agreements, the second defendant’s
obligations as guarantor under the ASA and SSA were also extended to the
obligations of the first defendant. The ASA and SSA were also stated to
“[remain] in full force and effect”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

ABD 191–192 and 194–195.

17 Although the 2009 Agreements and the Amending Agreements refer to “SIC
Education Group Private Pte Ltd”, it is not disputed that the parties intended
this to refer to SIC Education Group Pte Ltd (ie, SEGP).

18 Throughout the parties’ relationship only one of the Five Programmes was
conducted, ie, the BME Programme. There were no intakes for any of the other
programmes covered by the annexures. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 14; Mr Crighton’s AEIC at para 38.

Termination of the 2009 Agreements

19 Fault lines soon began to surface in the parties’ relationship. A month
after the Amending Agreements were signed, the plaintiff had started
discussions with other private education institutions with a view to having
them take over the courses which were the subject of the 2009 Agreements. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents (“PBD”) 384; NE (24 May 2017) at p 1 lines
13–29.

By 2012, the plaintiff says, the first defendant was late with payments, had
changed the location of its campus without informing the plaintiff beforehand,
and was experiencing a low take-up for the BME Programme (and no take-up for
the other four courses). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Mr Crighton’s AEIC at para 75.

The first defendant, on the other hand, alleges that the plaintiff entered
into the Amending Agreements with the primary purpose of saddling the first
defendant with SEGP’s debts, and was not interested in maintaining a long-term
relationship with the first defendant thereafter. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

1DCS at para 3.

It also alleges that the plaintiff promised to contribute S$70,000 towards its
advertising costs but reneged on this promise. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 32B(a)(iv).

20 On 20 July 2012, the plaintiff sent the first defendant a letter to
“clarify a key contractual requirement that [would] apply” to the final intake
of students later that year. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

ABD 475.

Pursuant to Cl 9.3 of the Annexures, the first defendant was required to pay
the plaintiff fees for a minimum number of 15 students per trimester for each
of the two Bachelor’s courses, even if the actual enrolments were fewer in
number. I hereafter refer to this as the “minimum payment obligation”. Clause
9 of the SSA-Annexure states: 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

ABD 163.

9\. FEES FOR SINGAPORE SERVICES

9.1 Allocation of Fees for Singapore Services

The fee payable to RMIT University for services provided in Singapore is AUD
$480 per 12 credit point course per student (of a total of AUD$1000).

9.2 Fee income will be subject to review in November of each year and will be
subject to 5% increase each year unless otherwise agreed by both parties.

9.3 In the event of total enrolments in a course in any trimester being less
than 15, [SEGP] agrees to pay RMIT for 15 enrolments per course offered in the
trimester.

…

21 Clause 9 of the ASA-Annexure is worded in nearly identical terms. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

ABD 177–178.

22 Prior to 2012, notwithstanding the minimum payment obligation, the
plaintiff had consistently charged its fees on the basis of the number of
actual enrolments. In its letter of 20 July 2012, for the first time, the
plaintiff declared its intention to enforce the minimum payment obligation
“for all courses delivered in each program”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NE (26 May 2017) at p 80 lines 19–20; NE (24 May 2017) at p 54 lines 25–28.

The plaintiff further stated its willingness “to negotiate terms with [the
first defendant] for the cessation of further student intakes and the teach-
out of current students that would be in the interests of both parties”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

ABD 474–475.

23 The first defendant replied on 27 July 2012. It construed the plaintiff’s
letter as an attempt to “intimidate” it into ceasing the upcoming intake. The
letter concluded, “Kindly therefore confirm if you wish to repudiate the
contract. If we do not hear from you by close of business on 31 July 2012, we
will assume that your letter of 20 July 2012 was intended to repudiate the
contracts with us.” 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

ABD 481–482.

24 On 30 July 2012, the first defendant sent the plaintiff the following
letter: 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DBD 1145–1146.

Our records indicate that you have yet to settle our Debit Note No.
05/2012/013 for S$70,000 towards cost of advertising for RMIT Engineering
Programmes.

Kindly settle the said amount immediately failing which, we have no other
alternative but to issue a Notice of Default. Your prompt attention to the
above is appreciated.

25 On 2 August 2012, the first defendant e-mailed the plaintiff as follows: 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

ABD 484.

As we have not heard from you in response to our letter dated 30 July 2012, we
will accept that RMIT has repudiated the contract. Accordingly, we will cease
all marketing and admission activities in relation to the RMIT programmes for
the upcoming intakes unless we hear to the contrary by close of business
today.

26 On 3 August 2012, the plaintiff replied. It denied the assertions contained
in the first defendant’s letter of 27 July 2012 and denied that it had
repudiated the agreement. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

ABD 489.

27 The first defendant reiterated its acceptance of the plaintiff’s purported
repudiation on three more occasions: two e-mails to the plaintiff on 25 August
2012 and 5 September 2012, and verbally during a teleconference between Ms
Majella and Scott Crighton, a representative of the plaintiff (“Mr Crighton”).
47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 32B(b); ABD 493; PBAEIC 582.

Nevertheless, the first defendant continued to teach the BME Programme until
2014. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE (26 May 2017) at p 61 lines 2–4; NE (24 May 2017) at p 36 line 26.

The plaintiff’s claim

28 On 23 January 2013, the plaintiff commenced the present suit, by which it
claims unpaid fees pursuant to seven invoices issued under the ASA and SSA.
Following the trial, the plaintiff revised the sums which it claims to be
entitled to, as follows: 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 4; ABD Tabs 17–23; PCS at paras 30–32.

No.| Date| Invoice no.| Amount (A$)| Description  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| 30 July 2012| 100089643| 207,375 (revised from 217,744)| For Semester 1 of
2012  
2| 30 July 2012| 100089644| 192,150 (revised from 201,758)| For Semester 2 of
2012  
3| 30 October 2012| 100091299| 158,025 (revised from 165,926)| For Semester 3
of 2012  
4| 05 March 2013| 100093168| 115,762.50| For Trimester 1 of 2013  
5| 30 July 2013| 100095237| 102,532.50| For Trimester 2 of 2013  
6| 3 April 2014| 100097909| 100,327.50| For Trimester 3 of 2013  
7| 3 April 2014| 100097906| 66,150| For Trimester 1 of 2014  
Total| A$942,322.50 (revised from A$970,200.50)  
  
29 The sums stated in these invoices are based on payment for a minimum number
of 15 students for each course delivered in each trimester as part of the BME
Programme (save for courses which only had one or two students, in which case
the plaintiff charged based on the actual numbers as a gesture of goodwill),
pursuant to the minimum payment obligation. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PCS at para 27; ABD 217–246.

The sums also factor in a 5% increase in fees per year pursuant to Cl 9.2 of
the Annexures. The plaintiff claims that it did not enforce the 5% increase in
2011 as a gesture of goodwill, but has applied it to its invoices from 2012
onwards. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PCS at paras 25–26.

30 The plaintiff claims that, even if the first defendant is not contractually
liable for the invoices, the plaintiff is entitled to reasonable remuneration
from the first defendant on a quantum meruit basis for the services which it
provided to the students enrolled by the first defendant in the BME Programme
from 2012 to 2014. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at paras 23–25.

The plaintiff avers that the first defendant has benefited from the fees paid
by the students which it taught at the plaintiff’s expense, ie, by relying on
the plaintiff’s degree programme curriculum, course materials and the
contributions of the plaintiff’s academic staff. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Reply to Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 7) at para 24.

31 The first defendant initially denied that it was contractually liable under
the 2009 Agreements to pay the plaintiff’s invoices. On 18 October 2013, the
parties agreed to appoint a Neutral Evaluator qualified to advise on the laws
of Victoria, Australia to determine the following questions on a binding and
final basis, his decision to apply mutatis mutandis in respect of the ASA,
ASA-Annexure and ASA Amending Agreement: 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

ABD 1071; ABD 631, para 10(a); Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at paras 23–24;
Reply to Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 7) at paras 25–26.

(a) In respect of the SSA, SSA-Annexure and SSA Amending Agreement, was the
plaintiff under any obligation to the first defendant, SEGP or SCBT to issue
any further annexures for the duration of the agreement (ie, 2010–2015)?

(b) Was the first defendant liable to pay the plaintiff under the SSA, SSA-
Annexure and SSA Amending Agreement?

(c) Under the terms of the SSA Amending Agreement, would the first defendant
be liable for any indebtedness of SEGP? If so, to what extent?

32 The Neutral Evaluator, Mr Neil Young QC, issued a written opinion on 3
March 2014, in which he answered the questions as follows: 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

ABD 643 at para 66; ABD 647 at para 86; ABD 648 at para 90; Reply to Defence
and Counterclaim (Amendment No 7) at para 27.

(a) The plaintiff was not under an obligation to issue further annexures for
the duration of the SSA.

(b) The SSA and the SSA Amending Agreement do not impose any retrospective
liability on the first defendant to pay amounts that SEGP (renamed SCBT)
incurred in relation to the SSA-Annexure prior to 23 March 2011. However, the
first defendant is prospectively liable to pay amounts incurred by SEGP/SCBT
under the SSA-Annexure in the period following 23 March 2011.

(c) The first defendant would not be liable for any indebtedness incurred by
SEGP/SCBT in relation to the SSA-Annexure prior to 23 March 2011. But if SCBT
became indebted to the plaintiff after 23 March 2011, the first defendant
would be liable therefor. (I add that the seven invoices which form the
subject of the plaintiff’s claim relate to debts incurred after 23 March 2011.
56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 26.

)

33 Given the Neutral Evaluator’s opinion, the first defendant no longer denies
that it is contractually liable under the terms of the 2009 Agreements to pay
the plaintiff’s invoices. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE (19 May 2017) at p 20 line 17 – p 21 line 9.

Its defence is threefold: 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

1DCS at para 4.

(a) The first defendant’s obligation to pay five of the seven invoices was
discharged on 2 August 2012 (see [25] above) when it accepted the plaintiff’s
repudiation of the 2009 Agreements. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at paras 32A and 32B.

(b) The quantum claimed in the seven invoices is incorrect. They should not be
based on the minimum payment obligation but on the actual number of students
enrolled in each of the courses and the unit price of A$1,000 per student per
course. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 36.

(c) The plaintiff’s claim for reasonable remuneration for the goods and
services provided from 2012 to 2014 on a quantum meruit basis is unsupported
by the evidence.

34 As regards [33(a)], the first defendant alleges that the plaintiff
repudiated the 2009 Agreements in the following ways: 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at paras 32A and 32B; 1DCS at para
17.

(a) breaching Cl 11.2 of the 2009 Agreements;

(b) breaching Cll 4.1 and 20 of the 2009 Agreements read with Cl 3 and
Schedules 1B and 2B of the Annexures;

(c) breaching Cl 3.3(a) of the ASA and Cll 11.9 and 11.10 of the ASA-Annexure;

(d) breaching Cl 3.2(m) of the ASA and Cl 3.2(c) of the SSA;

(e) sending its letter dated 20 July 2012 to the first defendant (see [20]
above); 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 32B(a)(v).

and

(f) wrongfully issuing various Notices of Default against the first defendant
between 30 June 2011 and 4 October 2012, which threatened to immediately
terminate the SSA and ASA. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 32B(a)(vi).

35 The plaintiff denies breaching the 2009 Agreements. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 41.

It claims that even if it breached them, the first defendant accepted the
breach and treated the 2009 Agreements as continuing even after August 2012 by
continuing to teach the BME Programme and receiving services from the
plaintiff. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Reply to Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 7) at para 23L.

Moreover, besides the plaintiff’s failure to pay S$70,000 for advertising
costs, the first defendant never raised any of the other breaches until this
action was commenced. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 48.

The first defendant’s counterclaim

36 The first defendant counterclaims the following: 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

1DCS at para 4(b).

(a) loss and damage for the plaintiff’s alleged repudiatory breaches of the
2009 Agreements, including but not limited to: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at paras 38A and 59(iii).

(i) loss of profits suffered as a result of being unable to accept new student
intakes for the Five Programmes (including the BME Programme), from around
August 2012 onwards;

(ii) losses suffered for refund of the sum of S$36,805 to students who had
signed up for the September 2012 intake for the BME Programme; and

(iii) loss of profits suffered in being unable to attract students to enrol in
the first defendant’s Diploma and Advanced Diploma in Engineering courses, as
these students could no longer progress to the BME Programme and the Bachelor
of Engineering (Aerospace Engineering) programme;

(b) two sums (altogether S$905,054.88) that the first defendant claims it paid
to the plaintiff under a mistake of law, but which the plaintiff claims were
paid by SEGP/SCBT;

(c) damages to be assessed with respect to the plaintiff’s failure to issue
further annexures to the first defendant, including damages for
misrepresentation pursuant to s 2 of the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994
Rev Ed) (“the Misrepresentation Act”); and

(d) reasonable remuneration on a quantum meruit basis for the costs it
incurred in marketing and advertising the plaintiff’s courses and promoting
the plaintiff’s brand name. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at paras 44, 45 and 59(vi).

Issues

37 The issues that fall to be decided are as follows. In relation to the
plaintiff’s claim against the defendants:

(a) Was the first defendant’s contractual liability to pay the plaintiff’s
invoices discharged by the alleged repudiatory breaches on the plaintiff’s
part and the first defendant’s acceptance of the same?

(b) If the answer to (a) is no, do the seven invoices correctly calculate the
fees which the plaintiff is contractually entitled to charge the first
defendant?

(c) If the answer to (a) is yes, is the plaintiff entitled to reasonable
remuneration on a quantum meruit basis for services which it provided to the
first defendant from 2012 to 2014? In addition, is the first defendant
entitled to damages in respect of the plaintiff’s repudiatory breaches?

38 The counterclaim further raises the following issues:

(a) Is the first defendant entitled to damages on the basis that the plaintiff
misrepresented that further annexures would be issued?

(b) Was the payment to the plaintiff of two sums totalling S$905,054.88 made
by SEGP/SCBT or by the first defendant? If the latter, is the first defendant
entitled to return of those sums in the law of restitution?

(c) Is the first defendant entitled to reasonable remuneration on a quantum
meruit basis for costs which it incurred in marketing and advertising the
plaintiff’s courses and promoting the plaintiff’s brand name?

Issue 1: The plaintiff’s alleged repudiatory breaches

General principles

39 I first set out the general principles regarding repudiatory breach before
turning to the individual breaches alleged by the first defendant. It is well-
established that a repudiatory breach arises in the following scenarios:

(a) First, “where the contract clearly and unambiguously states that, in the
event of a certain event or events occurring, the innocent party will be
entitled to terminate the contract” (RDC Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte
Ltd [2007] 4 SLR(R) 413 (“RDC Concrete”) at [91]). This was described in RDC
Concrete as “Situation 1”.

(b) Secondly, “where a party, by his words or conduct, simply renounces its
contract inasmuch as it clearly conveys to the other party to the contract
that it will not perform its contractual obligations at all” [emphasis
omitted] (RDC Concrete at [93]). This was described in RDC Concrete as
“Situation 2”.

(c) Thirdly, where the term breached is what is often described as a
“condition”, ie, one which the parties intended “to designate … as one that is
so important that any breach, regardless of the actual consequences of such a
breach, would entitle the innocent party to terminate the contract” [emphasis
omitted] (RDC Concrete at [97]). This was described in RDC Concrete as
“Situation 3(a)”.

(d) Fourthly, where the breach gives rise to “an event which will deprive the
party not in default … of substantially the whole benefit which it was
intended that he should obtain from the contract” [emphasis omitted] (RDC
Concrete at [99], citing Hongkong Fir Shipping Co Ltd v Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha
Ltd [1962] 2 QB 26). In other words, the nature and consequences of the breach
are so serious that the breach may be described as one going “to the root of
the contract” or a “fundamental breach” (RDC Concrete at [99], citing Suisse
Atlantique Société d’Armement Maritime SA v NV Rotterdamsche Kolen Centrale
[1967] 1 AC 361 and Photo Production Ltd v Securicor Transport Ltd [1980] AC
827). This was described in RDC Concrete as “Situation 3(b)”.

Whether the first defendant may rely on the pleaded breaches

40 The first defendant’s position is that the repudiatory breach which it
purported to accept by its letter of 2 August 2012 was the plaintiff’s letter
dated 20 July 2012. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

1DCS at para 19.

The plaintiff submits that the purported breach in question was really the
plaintiff’s failure to pay S$70,000, and that the first defendant may not rely
on any of the purported breaches at [34] above with the exception of [34(d)]
and possibly [34(e)] because the first defendant did not cite any of those
breaches at the time that it purported to accept the plaintiff’s repudiation,
thereby depriving the plaintiff of an opportunity to rectify the same. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PCS at paras 35–36.

41 The law in this area is settled. Although the innocent party must justify
an election to terminate for breach of contract by the other party, any ground
of termination which existed at the time of election may subsequently be
relied upon, unless one of the two exceptions to this rule applies (Alliance
Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd v Comfort Resources Pte Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 602
(“Alliance Concrete”) at [63]; CAA Technologies Pte Ltd v Newcon Builders Pte
Ltd [2017] 2 SLR 940 (“CAA Technologies”) at [31]). First, where the innocent
party’s conduct was such that it would be unfair or unjust for him to later
rely on a different ground for termination. This exception is premised on the
traditional doctrines of wavier and estoppel (CAA Technologies at [31]).
Secondly, where the party in breach could have rectified the situation had it
been afforded the opportunity to do so (Alliance Concrete at [67]).

42 The plaintiff relies on the second of these exceptions. However, it has not
adduced any evidence to substantiate this, beyond a bare assertion that it
could have rectified the situation had it been given an opportunity to do so.
72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PCS at para 39.

In any event, as will be seen, it is not necessary for me to consider this in
relation to any of the alleged breaches because I find that the plaintiff did
not commit any repudiatory breaches of the 2009 Agreements.

Alleged breach of Cl 11.2 of the ASA and SSA

43 Clause 11.2 of the ASA and SSA states: 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

ABD 130 and 149–150.

RMIT agrees that during the term of this agreement or any extension thereof
RMIT will not enter into any arrangement with any other person to provide in
the Location the Program or any other course of studies similar to the
Program, except where agreed by both parties.

44 “Location” was defined in the ASA and SSA to mean “the countries and cities
that programs are operated in”, ie, Singapore. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

ABD 121 and 142.

The term of the 2009 Agreements was from 2010 to 2015 (inclusive). 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

ABD 126, Cl 4.1; ABD 146, Cl 4.1.

45 The plaintiff is alleged to have breached Cl 11.2 of the 2009 Agreements by
(1) entering in early June 2011 into discussions, negotiations and/or
arrangements with other persons to provide the Five Programmes in Singapore
without the first defendant’s agreement; and (2) informing the first defendant
on or around 4 November 2011 that it wanted to negotiate an exit agreement
with the first defendant so that it could move its courses to another private
education institution in Singapore. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 32B(a)(i).

The first defendant further submits that this breach was repudiatory in that
it fell within the two situations described at [39(b)] and [39(d)] above. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

1DCS at para 31.

46 The plaintiff admits that it entered into such discussions in or around
June 2011, but avers that the term “arrangement” in Cl 11.2 refers to an
agreement or contract, whereas these discussions did not materialise in any
agreement with other institutions while the first defendant was conducting the
BME Programme. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Reply to Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 7) at paras 23B and 23D;
Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 36.

The plaintiff denies repudiating the SSA or ASA on 4 November 2011. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Reply to Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 7) at para 23E.

The first defendant, on the other hand, submits that Cl 11.2 prohibits a range
of conduct falling short of a contract, such as discussions and/or
negotiations, because the 2009 Agreements use the words “agreement” and
“contract” elsewhere and so the parties must have intended “arrangement” to
mean something else; and because the ordinary meaning of “arrangement” is a
measure taken or plan made in advance of some occurrence, or an agreement or
settlement of details made in anticipation. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

1DCS at para 34.

47 I agree that if Cl 11.2 was meant to prohibit the plaintiff from
contracting with another private education institution, it could have used
“contract” instead of “arrangement”. However, I do not think that Cl 11.2
prohibits the plaintiff from merely discussing the future provision of the
Five Programmes with other private education institutions. Had that been the
case, they could easily have substituted the word “arrangement” with the word
“discussion” or “negotiation”. Moreover, a “discussion” may be tentative,
preliminary or superficial, and may not lead to any agreement. It is very
different from an “arrangement”, which at the very least implies some sort of
consensus or agreement, even if falling short of the level of certainty and
completeness required for a legally binding contract. Whether the plaintiff’s
discussions with other institutions had attained such a level of detail and
certainty as to constitute an “arrangement” is a question of fact.

48 One of the plaintiff’s arguments is that it is not commercially sensible to
interpret “arrangement” to include mere discussions because that would prevent
the plaintiff from negotiating with other institutions during the term of the
2009 Agreements even as regards the provision of such courses after 2015, ie,
after the 2009 Agreements had come to an end. In other words, the plaintiff
would have to wait until the 2009 Agreements had expired before it could begin
negotiations with other institutions. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE (26 May 2017) at p 95 lines 1–5, p 96 lines 1–3; PCS at para 62;
Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 7.

While this would certainly be a grave inconvenience to the plaintiff, I do not
think that makes this interpretation absurd or implausible. Such a provision
could, for example, have been intended to incentivise the plaintiff to
continue its collaboration with the first defendant after 2015. I nevertheless
reject the first defendant’s interpretation of “arrangement” for the reasons
in the preceding paragraph.

49 The first defendant referred to the plaintiff’s negotiations with three
other institutions: the Singapore Institute of Management (“SIM”), the
Singapore Manufacturers’ Association (“SMa”) and the East Asia Institute of
Management (“EAIM”). I find that the plaintiff’s discussions with SIM (but not
SMa or EAIM) had indeed advanced to the point that they could be considered
“arrangements” for the purposes of Cl 11.2 even though no contract was
ultimately entered into. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PCS at para 72.

Discussions with SIM

50 The plaintiff had made contact with SIM before 11 April 2011. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE (23 May 2017) at p 76 lines 5–7.

There is also evidence that the plaintiff wished to exit its contractual
relationship with the first defendant at that time. On 10 April 2011 – less
than a month after the Amending Agreements were signed – the plaintiff’s
Stephen Connelly (“Mr Connelly”) wrote to Mr Crighton, “[W]hich begs the
question why we are persisting with Stansfield. What is our exit strategy?” 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

PBD 384.

The next day, Mr Connelly wrote, “I need you to map out an exit strategy which
takes into account our contractual obligations but also takes into account any
breach of contract by Stansfield … what triggers can we use[?]”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

PBD 383.

During cross-examination, Mr Crighton agreed that the plaintiff’s “real
intention” in contacting SIM and SMa in April 2011 “was because they already
had Stansfield College to take on the liabilities of SEGP and they were keen
to exit the partnership at the same time”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE (24 May 2017) at p 3 lines 27–32.

51 However, the fact that the plaintiff subjectively desired to exit the
contract with the first defendant does not mean that it breached or repudiated
the same. In fact it is clear from an e-mail which Mr Crighton wrote to Mr
Connelly on 11 April 2011 that the plaintiff had not, as of that date, entered
into any arrangements with other institutions: 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

PBD 383.

As you know, the possibility of moving one or more programs over to SIM has
been (at least informally) flagged on several occasions but we have obviously
not progressed anything to date. …

Mechanical [Engineering] is more difficult, given that we have cohorts of
students in place and would most likely lose accreditation status if we moved
this to another provider. There are of course back up plans to manage the
student pipeline should we choose to exit from Stansfield, but no alternative
provider is in place at the moment.

Would recommend that you don’t pull any punches about the seriousness of the
situation when you meet with [Mr Chettiar] this morning and see if he is able
to give you any confidence. Also, might be a good idea to informally sound SIM
out again when you are there today as to whether they are still interested in
taking on any of these Engineering programs.

[emphasis added]

52 Mr Crighton explained at trial that the “sounding out” related to checking
with SIM if it was still interested in taking on the engineering programmes,
including the BME Programme. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE (23 May 2017) at p 80 lines 12–21.

The fact that the plaintiff had “not progressed anything to date”, that “no
alternative provider [was] in place at the moment” and that SIM had to be
sounded out indicates that the plaintiff had not made plans with SIM or any
other institution to provide these courses.

53 On 19 May 2011, Lee Kwok Cheong (“Mr Lee”) from SIM wrote to the plaintiff
saying, “I look forward to receiving more info on lab and other facilities
required for SIM to run RMIT engineering courses. With this info, we can move
from in principle agreement to implementation.” 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

PBD 402.

Again, on 1 June 2011, Mr Lee wrote to the plaintiff saying, “We would very
much like to hear what are the facilities needed to run RMIT engineering
[programmes], as we are in the midst of space planning & allocation.” 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

PBD 401.

Mr Connelly did not specifically address either of these queries. The
description of an “in principle agreement” was, according to Mr Crighton,
“overstated”; the plaintiff and SIM never put anything on paper. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE (23 May 2017) at p 82 lines 1–2.

54 From May to July 2011, the plaintiff attempted to progress discussions with
SIM so that it could transfer students from the first defendant to SIM. On 24
May 2011, Mr Crighton wrote to Mr Connelly: “Have been discussing program
details with Mary [from SIM] - but keeping it unofficial and the trick will be
getting this to the next stage.” Mr Connelly also wrote to his colleague on
the same date: 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

PSBD 32.

Stansfield is playing funny buggers with our payments and we need to do
something about it. I have had a preliminary chat with [Mr Lee] and in
principle SIM is prepared to take these programs on, as [l]ong as they
understand the facilities and equipment requirements and financials
notw[i]thstanding.

55 Mr Crighton agreed, on the basis of this e-mail, that “[t]here was an in
principle understanding” between SIM and the plaintiff “based on discussions
that could happen”, although there were “key issues” (such as facilities,
equipment requirements and financials) that had to be finalised. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE (23 May 2017) at p 86 lines 10–16.

56 On 29 May 2011, Mr Connelly asked Mr Crighton to contact their colleague,
Prof Subic, “as a matter of urgency to develop a transition plan for our
engineering programs in Singapore”. When his colleague asked, “So I take it
this means we are pulling out of Stansfield and switching to SIM?” Mr Connelly
replied: 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

PBD 400.

[W]e are getting our ducks lined up, but hopefully that will be possible

I need to be in a position … to put pressure on Stansfield to pay us all
outstanding monies, but SEH does not want to press until we have a few more
details lined up – engineering accreditation, more detailed agreement [with]
SIM.

57 On 30 May 2011, Mr Crighton wrote: 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

PBD 400.

… I talked to [Prof Subic] on Friday at some length. He is I think convinced
that we would be better off with SIM, but does have concerns (accreditation is
a main one). Have a further phone meeting with Mary at SIM organised for Wed
(she is away Mon & Tues), and am also meeting [Prof Subic] that same day. Will
keep you updated on progress.

58 Matters seem to have progressed fairly quickly thereafter. An e-mail from
Mr Crighton on 26 June 2011, reporting on his meeting with SIM on 24 June
2011, records that “SIM are agreeable to take on the existing Mechanical
Engineering program, but unsurprisingly there are a number of things that need
to be worked out”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

PSBD 36.

First, SIM and the plaintiff were not agreed over what the market price of the
programme should be. Secondly, SIM wished to invest in some equipment for its
prospective students and wanted to send some of its IT personnel to the
plaintiff for training and information. Thirdly, Mr Crighton “had been pushing
[to start intakes in] 1st semester 2012” but recognised that this “may be
difficult to pull off” and it was more “realistic … to start intakes in the
second half of 2012”. Notably, he added:

If, however, we are in a position where we need to move students from
Stansfield to SIM we will have to find ways to move more quickly. My personal
view is we see the students through with Stansfield, but appreciate that we
may not necessarily be able to do this.

59 Mr Crighton’s e-mail concluded with a reference to “how fast things are now
moving”. However, there was still no written agreement as of 7 July 2011, when
Mr Crighton wrote to Prof Subic: 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

PBD 407.

I … am worried what will happen if the worst happens and we need to be able to
move existing students over to SIM in the short to medium term. We need to get
some kind of agreement on paper with SIM ASAP I feel, but SIM is obviously
wanting all of the details before this can happen. …

60 On 12 July 2011, Mr Crighton wrote that it was “increasingly looking like”
the plaintiff would have to move students from the first defendant to SIM “by
late August so we have very little time to waste”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

PBD 406.

The plaintiff hoped to have transition arrangements ready by the end of
August. An e-mail from Mr Crighton on 8 July 2011 records that “SIM … wants to
know these details [about two pieces of equipment] before committing” 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

PBD 407.

, which can only mean that SIM had not yet committed to delivering the
plaintiff’s courses.

61 An e-mail from Mr Connelly to a colleague on 26 August 2011 states that he
had “discussed the option of transferring the engineering programs to SIM with
[Mr Lee]” the night before, and that they were “progressing those discussions
over the next two weeks”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

PBD 409.

The e-mail appended a file named “Engineering Transition Plan (Singapore)
2011-08-26” which forecast the signing of programme agreements with SIM on 9
September 2011 and the commencement of a new intake at SIM from 22 August 2011
to 2 January 2012. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

PBD 411.

62 An internal briefing note of the plaintiff’s, also dated 26 August 2011,
shows that the plaintiff aimed to exit its contractual bargain with the first
defendant. The note states that the plaintiff had set a deadline of 2
September 2011 for payment of the first defendant’s outstanding debt of
$420,650. If the deadline was breached then “RMIT [would] have reason to
terminate the contracts and can seek to move the programs to another provider
in time for the start of Trimester 2 in September 2011”. On the other hand, if
payment was made within time, “RMIT will seek a negotiated exit and
partnership termination. This will be easiest if [the first defendant is] not
able to recruit the minimum numbers required for any of the programs for the
Trimester 3 intake.” 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

PBD 413–414.

Mr Crighton agreed, on the basis of the note, that the plaintiff wanted to
exit the arrangement with the first defendant even if it made payment and had
“great doubts” about their relationship. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NE (23 May 2017) at p 98 lines 27–30, p 99 line 11.

In other words, the plaintiff was casting about for an excuse to terminate the
contract.

63 The note also shows that the plaintiff’s discussions with SIM had
progressed to an advanced stage: 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

PBD 413–414.

It is believed that the existing [BME Programme] can be moved as/if required,
and that the main challenges in moving this program can be satisfactorily
addressed.

While termination of agreements may be possible following the 2 September
deadline, it is recommended not to terminate the agreements until at least 8
September to ensure that all trimester two activities can be completed for the
[BME Programme] and that final agreement is obtained from an alternative
provider to take this program and the existing cohorts of students on.

Advanced discussions with an alternative provider have taken place that have
covered facilities and equipment requirements, staffing and other resourcing
issues. Possible business models have also been discussed and in-principle
agreement to take the existing program on has been obtained[.]

64 However, the note also states that the plaintiff would have to “[o]btain
clear commitment from the alternative provider to take the existing [BME
Programme] on, including the transfer of existing students in that program”.
The note cautioned that the plaintiff should not terminate the 2009 Agreements
“until this [was] achieved”. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

PBD 414.

65 On 4 November 2011, the plaintiff’s Mr Connelly met with the first
defendant’s Ms Majella. The plaintiff’s briefing note prepared in advance of
that meeting states, “An internal decision has already been made by RMIT not
to renew any of the contracts beyond 2012 intakes. This has not yet been
communicated to Stansfield College.” 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

PBD 426.

The plaintiff was conscious that arrangements with an alternative provider
after 2012 would involve a breach of Cl 11.2; the section titled “Preferred
negotiation positions and outcomes” states: “Negotiation of exit arrangements
should include the overriding of the Restraint clause in the Umbrella
agreement, giving RMIT the ability to progress with intakes with a different
provider after 2012 (if not earlier).” 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

PBD 427.

66 Ms Majella says she was “shocked” when Mr Connelly told her at the meeting
on 4 November 2011 that the plaintiff “would not be renewing the contract”
(ie, not allowing the first defendant to accept further intakes of students
after 2012). 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NE (26 May 2017) at p 30 lines 1–7; PBD 436 under section 1.2; see also DBD
963.

The 4 November 2011 meeting is recounted in a report by the plaintiff dated 28
April 2012: 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

DBD 957.

As a result of these and other ongoing partnership issues, RMIT notified
Stansfield in November 2011 of its intention not to renew contracts after they
expire at the end of 2012. This step was made following commitments made by
the SIM CEO [Mr Lee] and other senior SIM staff to take on the [BME
Programme], and possibly the Bachelor of Engineering (Aerospace) program.

67 According to Mr Crighton, these words overstated the strength of the
commitment from SIM and there was only, at that stage, an in-principle
discussion regarding SIM taking on the BME Programme. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NE (24 May 2017) at p 5 lines 5–12.

He nevertheless agreed that the plaintiff “had a strong inclination towards”
ending its business relationship with the first defendant forthwith. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE (24 May 2017) at p 8 lines 23–29.

68 On 1 December 2011, SIM met with the plaintiff to discuss the proposed
transfer of the BME Programme to SIM. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

PBD 435.

The briefing note prepared by the plaintiff for this meeting stated: 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

PBD 435.

Detailed planning in relation to facilities and equipment requirements,
staffing and other resourcing has been advanced with SIM. Business models and
contract arrangements have also been discussed and an in-principle agreement
to take on the existing [BME Programme] has been obtained.

There is, however, some reluctance on the part of SIM to take on the pipeline
of students, especially if in doing so they become embroiled in a dispute
between RMIT and Stansfield College. Current commitment to taking on the RMIT
programs also only extends to the [BME Programme], and possibly the Bachelor
Aerospace program at a later date. …

69 Although SIM had reservations about taking on students who had already
begun being taught by the first defendant (ie, those already in the pipeline),
it appears to have agreed to teach new intakes. The plaintiff’s discussion
points for the 1 December 2011 meeting state:

• Update SIM … that Stansfield have been advised that RMIT does not intend to
contract with them for new intakes after 2012.

• Timelines for moving the [BME Programme] to SIM. If there is to be a January
2013 start, what needs to be done and by when?

• The possibility of SIM taking on the existing pipeline of students.
Currently it is expected that current students will continue with Stansfield,
at least into 2012. However, if the relationship with Stansfield further
deteriorates it is important that SIM is prepared to allow the transfer of
these students over to SIM.

70 These briefing notes show that SIM agreed to take on new students for the
BME Programme; the only ambiguity was whether SIM would accept transfers from
the first defendant. The plaintiff also observed that it was “unlikely” for
SIM to launch the BME Programme in 2012 and wanted “discussions … regarding a
2013 start”. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

PBD 438.

71 The minutes of the 1 December 2011 meeting record: 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

PBD 458–459.

1\. Engineering programs

• Provided an update on RMIT’s partnership with Stansfield College. RMIT
informed SIM that there will be no more intakes after 2012.

• A proposal was put forward for SIM to consider accepting future intakes onto
[BME Programme] from 2013. This would also include pipelining current students
at Stansfield College towards SIM to complete the award.

…

Actions:

(a) SIM to consider accepting future intakes onto [BME Programme] from
Stansfield College for 2013 …

(b) RMIT to manage marketing material being distributed by Stansfield College
…

…

(d) All contract and documentation need to be in place for the launch of
engineering programs in 2013 (TNE? by July 2012).

72 In March 2012, notwithstanding that SIM had previously indicated what the
plaintiff described as a “very strong commitment to taking on the [BME
Programme]”, SIM aborted this plan due to unfavourable market conditions for
the BME Programme in Singapore. The plaintiff’s attempts to get it to
reconsider were unsuccessful. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

PBD 473.

A briefing note prepared by the plaintiff for a meeting with SIM, dated 3
April 2012, recounts the advances that had been made towards SIM taking over
the BME Programme: 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PBD 467.

… RMIT notified Stansfield in November 2011 of its intention not to renew
contracts after they expire at the end of 2012. This step was made following
commitments made by the SIM CEO [Mr Lee] and other senior SIM staff to take on
the RMIT [BME Programme] …

Significant work was undertaken with SIM throughout 2011 in relation to the
transition of the [BME Programme] to them, including the detailing and pricing
of equipment, the identification of Singapore suppliers, and clearly
establishing facility and software requirements.

Work was also undertaken in 2011 in the preparation of draft agreements with
SIM, and discussions took place regarding contract terms – but progression of
these agreements and detailed negotiations has been constrained by the fact
that RMIT was (and still is) contracted to run the Engineering programs with
[Stansfield].

73 A fairly clear picture emerges from the documentary evidence of the
plaintiff trying to migrate the BME Programme from the first defendant to SIM
from as early as April 2011 (see [51] above). Mr Crighton agreed that the
plaintiff had a change of heart early in its relationship with the first
defendant and entered into “advanced discussions and negotiations” with other
institutions “to begin student intakes as early as September 2011 and to also
consider taking on pipeline students currently taught by [the first
defendant]”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE (23 May 2017) at p 100 line 25 – p 101 line 5.

The plaintiff’s discussions with SIM started out “informal” and “unofficial”,
but matured into an in-principle agreement for SIM to run the plaintiff’s
engineering courses possibly by May 2011 (see [53]–[55] above) and certainly
by June 2011, though there were still matters to be worked out such as
pricing, equipment and timelines (see [58] above). By August 2011, the
plaintiff’s discussions with SIM had progressed to an advanced stage, covering
facilities and equipment requirements, staffing and resourcing issues,
although the plaintiff had not obtained “clear commitment” from SIM to take
over the BME Programme (see [63] and [64] above). Notably, the plaintiff only
informed the first defendant that it would not issue further annexures past
2012 after it had obtained “commitments” from SIM to provide the BME Programme
(see [66] and [72] above). The plaintiff’s briefing note prepared for the 1
December 2011 meeting stated that SIM had committed to taking on the BME
Programme, and there appear to have been discussions on draft agreements with
SIM, but SIM was uncomfortable taking over the first defendant’s students for
fear of being embroiled in a dispute between the plaintiff and the first
defendant (see [68], [71] and [72] above). The BME Programme was to commence
at SIM from 2013 (see [71] above).

74 In my judgment, the plaintiff’s discussions with SIM were sufficiently
advanced to constitute an “arrangement” with SIM to provide the BME Programme.
SIM had agreed to teach the BME Programme to new intakes of students, if not
also to existing students being taught by the first defendant, and that gave
the plaintiff confidence to tell the first defendant that it would not
continue their relationship past 2012. The plaintiff was clearly intent on
transferring the BME Programme from the first defendant to SIM during the term
of its contract with the first defendant, which it knew would constitute a
breach of Cl 11.2 (see [65] above). Discussions between the plaintiff and SIM
were “advanced” and detailed, including the detailing and pricing of
equipment, the identification of Singapore suppliers, the establishing of
facility and software requirements, business models, contract arrangements,
staffing and other resourcing issues (see [63], [68] and [72] above). Although
no written contract had been executed even by end 2011, the main reason for
this appears to be that the plaintiff could not extricate itself from the
contract with the first defendant (see [72] above), and not because SIM was
not keen on providing the BME Programme. It was only in March 2012 that SIM
decided not to deliver the BME Programme, because market conditions had by
that point become unfavourable. The plaintiff therefore breached Cl 11.2.

75 As for the meeting on 4 November 2011, which the first defendant relies on
as the second breach of Cl 11.2 of the ASA and SSA (see [45] above), I do not
find that this constituted a breach of the ASA and SSA. The plaintiff did not
say at the meeting that it was repudiating the 2009 Agreements, nor did it say
that it would cease performing its contractual obligations. The plaintiff
merely expressed a desire to negotiate an exit agreement, as it was unhappy
with the first defendant, but this did not amount to a breach of contract.

Discussions with SMa and EAIM

76 After SIM withdrew from the discussions to take over the BME Programme, the
plaintiff discussed this with alternative partners, namely SMa and EAIM.
However, I do not find that any of these discussions amounted to an
arrangement.

77 The plaintiff had previously met with the SMa in April 2011, although there
is little evidence of what was discussed then. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

PBD 479 and 480.

As of April 2012, the plaintiff was exploring having SMa take over the
existing students taught by the first defendant. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NE (24 May 2017) at p 48 line 30 – p 49 line 1.

Briefing notes prepared for Mr Connelly in advance of his meeting with SMa on
18 April 2012 state that “further exploration” was needed with SMa to “gauge
[its] interest” in running the BME Programme. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PBD 483.

The plaintiff’s report after the meeting, dated 28 April 2012, states that
there were “extensive ongoing discussions and planning undertaken with SMa to
identify and establish new RMIT programs with them”. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

DBD 961.

The report also delineates further steps for the plaintiff to re-establish its
engineering programmes with a different local partner, including: 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

DBD 962.

1\. Refresh the due diligence for potential alternative partners – starting
with SMa and EAIM[.] This will include a desk due diligence (Complete by 14
May 2012), which should then be followed by a visit for the detailed
assessment of facilities, equipment, administrative systems, etc (Complete by
end June 2012)

2\. Finalise decision on which alternative partner to progress the RMIT
Engineering programs with (end May 2012, but contingent on facilities
assessment)

3\. Progress discussions and planning with partner on delivery model, program
design, transfer of students in the pipe-line and other key matters (ongoing,
from end May).

…

9\. Program start: January/February 2013.

In addition to the above, further negotiations will be required with
Stansfield to ensure RMIT’s ability to contract with another provider during
the teach-out period from 2012. Of particular importance is addressing the
current restraint clause. Based on current contract conditions, RMIT (or
Stansfield) are not allowed to enter into any agreement with another provider
during the term of the agreement, which is until the end of 2015 (see
Restraint clauses 11.1 to 11.3).

78 The foregoing extract shows that – at least as of 28 April 2012 – the
plaintiff had not chosen an alternative partner, much less progressed
discussions with that partner to the point of confirming key details such as
the delivery model and programme design. In other words, there was no
“arrangement”.

79 The plaintiff’s report from the 18 April 2012 visit stated that EAIM had
“expressed a strong interest in running Engineering programs with RMIT,
including [the BME Programme] and Aerospace Engineering Bachelor programs”.
124

##### Foot Note 124

×

DBD 961.

Mr Crighton agreed that the plaintiff’s meetings in April 2012 with EAIM and
SMa were “promising” and “positive”, but were “only at an early level of
discussion”. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NE (24 May 2017) at p 50 lines 19–25.

There is no evidence of any more concrete agreement between the plaintiff and
either of these entities. The plaintiff eventually contracted with Kaplan
Singapore in 2015 to run the BME programme in Singapore. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

DBAEIC 574 at para 39(b).

Breach was not repudiatory

80 I have found that the plaintiff had breached Cl 11.2 of the ASA and SSA by
virtue of its discussions with SIM. However, I do not find that this breach
was a repudiatory one under Situations 2 or 3(b) of RDC Concrete. I therefore
do not find that the breach of Cl 11.2 entitled the first defendant to
terminate the 2009 Agreements.

81 First, the discussions with SIM did not amount to a renunciation of the
contract for the purposes of Situation 2 of RDC Concrete (see [39(b)] above).
This type of repudiatory breach may arise from the promisor’s communication to
the promisee via words or conduct of the promisor’s deliberate intent not to
perform the contract or not to go on with the contract (Andrew Phang Boon
Leong, The Law of Contract in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“Phang”)
at para 17.012). The test is to “ascertain whether the action or actions of
the party in default are such as to lead a reasonable person to conclude that
he no longer intends to be bound by its provisions” (San International Pte Ltd
(formerly known as San Ho Huat Construction Pte Ltd) v Keppel Engineering Pte
Ltd [1998] 3 SLR(R) 447 at [20]).

82 In this case, the plaintiff’s breach of Cl 11.2 cannot have constituted a
clear communication to the first defendant that the plaintiff would not
perform the contract, for the simple reason that its breach was not made known
to the first defendant. Although a ground for termination may be
retrospectively relied on if it existed at the time of termination (see [41]
above), the essence of RDC Concrete Situation 2 is a clear communication by
the repudiating party to the innocent party that the former will not perform
its contractual obligations at all (RDC Concrete at [93]). Without such
communication of intent, the ground for termination simply does not exist. A
secret breach of contract, unknown and undisclosed to the innocent party,
cannot in my view amount to a renunciation of contract and does not entitle
the innocent party to terminate unless it can be shown that the breach falls
within the other grounds for termination in RDC Concrete. Had the plaintiff
told the first defendant of its attempts to transfer the latter’s current
students to SIM, that might arguably have amounted to a renunciation, but
these discussions were kept secret from the first defendant. All that the
plaintiff told the first defendant was that it would not issue further
annexures after 2012. However, the plaintiff was not contractually obliged to
issue further annexures in any event (see [32(a)] above), so its decision not
to do so cannot reasonably have been construed by the first defendant as an
intention not to perform the 2009 Agreements at all.

83 Secondly, the plaintiff’s breach of Cl 11.2 did not deprive the first
defendant of substantially the whole benefit which it was intended that it
should obtain from the contract (see [39(d)] above). Situation 3(b) of RDC
Concrete requires the court to focus on “what exactly constituted the benefit
that it was intended the innocent party should obtain from the contract”, and
then “examin[e] very closely the actual consequences which have occurred as a
result of the breach at the time [of termination] in order to ascertain
whether the innocent party was, in fact, deprived of substantially the whole
benefit of the contract that it was intended that the innocent party should
obtain” [emphasis omitted] (Sports Connection Pte Ltd v Deuter Sports GmbH
[2009] 3 SLR(R) 883 (“Sports Connection”) at [62]). Regard should be had only
to the actual consequences and events resulting from the breach (ibid). In
determining whether the breach falls within Situation 3(b), the court may
consider the nature of the contract, the relationship it creates, the nature
of the term, the kind and degree of breach, and the consequences of breach for
the innocent party (Sports Connection at [63] and [64], citing Koompahtoo
Local Aboriginal Land Council v Sanpine Pty Limited (2007) 233 CLR 115 at
[54]).

84 In this case, the benefit which the first defendant was intended to obtain
from the 2009 Agreements was financial gain from running the plaintiff’s
programmes in Singapore, such courses to be agreed by way of the annexures
issued pursuant to the ASA and SSA. I do not find that the parties agreed for
the first defendant to run the plaintiff’s courses all the way until the
expiry of the 2009 Agreements in 2015, because the 2009 Agreements do not
oblige the plaintiff to issue annexures up to 2015 (see [32(a)] above). The
ASA and SSA merely set out broad terms governing the parties’ rights and
duties in relation to the courses provided by the first defendant; these
courses were to be agreed on by way of annexures issued pursuant to the ASA
and SSA.

85 One of the consequences of the plaintiff’s breach of Cl 11.2 was a business
decision not to issue further annexures to the first defendant. The rate at
which the plaintiff’s discussions with SIM were advancing, and the stage to
which they had advanced, gave the plaintiff confidence to inform the first
defendant that it would not issue further annexures during the 4 November 2011
meeting. The plaintiff’s report recounts that this step was taken “following
commitments made by [SIM] to take on the RMIT [BME Programme]” (see [66] and
[72] above). Consequently, the first defendant accepted no new intakes past
August 2012 (after the Annexures had expired). However, the plaintiff
continued to perform its contractual obligations vis-à-vis the students who
had already been enrolled in the BME Programme through the first defendant. It
continued to provide services in respect of the BME Programme so that the
students could complete their courses, for example by teaching part of the
course, moderating students’ grades, conducting pre-exam workshops, conducting
revision classes and issuing degrees. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NE (26 May 2017) at p 73 line 8 – p 76 line 29.

The first defendant continued to teach the BME Programme from 2012 to 2014 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NE (24 May 2017) at p 36 lines 24–28; First Defendant’s Reply Submissions at
para 33(b).

and to collect payment from students 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NE (26 May 2017) at p 76 line 30 – p 77 line 1.

. I therefore do not find that the plaintiff’s breach of Cl 11.2 deprived the
first defendant of substantially the whole benefit that it was intended to
obtain.

86 The first defendant submits that the plaintiff’s breach of Cl 11.2 caused
it to go into “exit mode” vis-à-vis the first defendant, as a result of which
it “did not provide … assistance and support in important aspects of the
parties’ partnership”, such as advertising and accreditation. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

1DCS at para 39(b).

For reasons which I state at [95]–[96] below, I do not think that the
plaintiff’s conduct in respect of accreditation breached its contractual
obligations. In any event, any lack of co-operation as regards advertising and
accreditation on the plaintiff’s part did not deprive the first defendant of
substantially the whole benefit described at [84] above. I therefore find that
the plaintiff did not commit a repudiatory breach of the 2009 Agreements by
breaching Cl 11.2 of the ASA and SSA, although the first defendant will be
entitled to claim such damages as it may be able to prove at the assessment of
damages tranche in respect of that breach (see [2] above).

Alleged breach of Cll 4.1 and 20 of the ASA and SSA

87 Clauses 4.1 and 20 of the ASA and SSA read with Cl 3 and Schedules 1B and
2B of the SSA-Annexure and ASA-Annexure required the parties to arrive at a
consensus regarding the feasibility of proceeding with an intake in the event
that there were fewer enrolments than the minimum (ie, 15 students for each of
the Bachelor’s courses). Clause 20 of the ASA and SSA states: 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

ABD 133 and 152.

Before the commencement of any intake for a Program, if it is determined that
the number of [s]tudents for that particular [i]ntake is less than the number
referred to in the relevant Annexure, RMIT and Organisation jointly undertake
to arrive at a consensus regarding the feasibility of proceeding with that
[i]ntake.

88 According to the first defendant, the plaintiff informed CPE in April 2012
that the BME Programme would be changed to run on a “teach-out” basis, which
meant that the first defendant could no longer accept any new student intakes.
132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 32B(a)(iii).

The first defendant theorises that the plaintiff must have told CPE this at
its meeting with CPE on 19 April 2012 – one day after its meeting with EAIM
and SMa on 18 April 2012 – as part of its ongoing “campaign to force the
[first defendant] into agreeing to the early exit of the partnership”. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

1DCS at para 89.

The plaintiff denies this and asserts that it merely informed CPE verbally on
or around 19 April 2012 that it intended to teach out the BME Programme after
the intakes scheduled in the SSA-Annexure and ASA-Annexure had expired. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Reply to Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 7) at para 23G.

89 The first defendant tendered a printout dated 8 March 2013 of its profile
on CPE’s website. The BME Programme is listed next to the words “(TEACH OUT)”,
and marked with an asterisk to denote, “This is a teach-out course. [Private
education institution] is not recruiting new students for this course.” 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

ABD 1195.

Although the printout is dated 8 March 2013, Ms Majella claimed that she first
found out about this change to the first defendant’s profile in around May or
June 2012. She also claimed to have had an earlier printout of that page, but
misplaced it, and therefore she had to reprint another copy in March 2013. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Ms Majella’s AEIC at para 50; NE (26 May 2017) at p 59 lines 27–31.

Ms Majella also said that she contacted CPE to ask why they had indicated
“teach-out” on their website, and was told that the plaintiff had informed CPE
that the first defendant was already in teach-out mode. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

NE (26 May 2017) at p 54 lines 30–32.

90 I do not find that the plaintiff breached Cll 4.1 and 20 of the ASA and
SSA. First, it is not clear that CPE reflected the BME Programme as a teach-
out course prematurely. The programme would have been taught out from the last
trimester of 2012, for which 28 September 2012 was the last day to add
classes. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

ABD 668.

The printout of CPE’s website was obtained nearly half a year later, when the
first defendant would in fact have been in the course of teaching out the
programme. Secondly, even if CPE had made this change to its website in 2012,
I would not be persuaded on a balance of probabilities that this was the
plaintiff’s fault. The plaintiff claims that it verbally informed CPE that the
course would be taught out after the intakes scheduled in the SSA-Annexure and
ASA-Annexure. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Reply to Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 7) at para 23G.

The first defendant has not adduced any evidence to controvert this claim,
save Ms Majella’s evidence that CPE told her that it had been told by the
plaintiff that the course would be taught out with immediate effect. However,
there is no documentary evidence of Ms Majella’s communications with CPE. Ms
Majella also confirmed that she did not write to the plaintiff about this
incident. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NE (26 May 2017) at p 57 lines 26–27.

She could not even remember if she had raised this with the plaintiff by
phone. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

NE (26 May 2017) at p 56 lines 4–16, p 57 lines 26–32.

Ms Majella agreed during cross-examination that, if this statement on CPE’s
website had seriously upset her and Mr Chettiar, they would have written to
the plaintiff about it. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NE (26 May 2017) at p 56 lines 22–27.

If this misleading statement on CPE’s website was so severe that it “severely
jeopardized, if not brought about the cessation of, the enrolment for future
intakes” of the BME Programme, as the first defendant claims 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

1DCS at para 90.

, its failure to raise this with the plaintiff is inexplicable.

Alleged breach of Cl 3.3(a) of the ASA and Cll 11.9 and 11.10 of the ASA-
Annexure

91 Clause 3.3(a) of the ASA states that the plaintiff must “use its best
endeavours” to “maintain the accreditation, quality and reputation of the
Award for the program”. “Award” is defined in Cl 1.1 of the ASA as an RMIT
award conferred pursuant to the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology Act
1992 (Vic). 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

ABD 141, 145.

Clause 1 of the Annexures states, under “RMIT Awards”, the BME Programme and
the Bachelor of Engineering (Aerospace Engineering) programme. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

ABD 160, 174.

Clause 11.9 of the ASA-Annexure states that the plaintiff “will provide [SEGP]
with documentation and support required for local government registration and
in-country professional accreditation of the program”. Clause 11.10 of the
ASA-Annexure states that “RMIT will be responsible for maintaining
professional accreditation of the programs with Engineers Australia”.

92 The first defendant alleges that the plaintiff breached these clauses in
respect of accreditation by Engineers Australia (“EA”) and by the Institution
of Engineers Singapore (“IES”). I find that the clauses were not breached.

Accreditation with IES

93 The first defendant accuses the plaintiff of breaching the clauses in
question in relation to IES accreditation in two ways:

(a) by furnishing erroneous information to IES regarding the BME Programme,
giving it the erroneous impression that “Singapore Institute of Commerce” was
the entity to be accredited; 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 32B(a)(ii); 1DCS at para
111(b).

and

(b) by failing to either make a fresh application for IES accreditation in the
first defendant’s name or inform the first defendant of the possibility of
doing so 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

1DCS at paras 112 and 123.

.

94 I address these in turn. In my view, the first allegation is true as a
matter of fact but does not amount to a breach of the 2009 Agreements. The
plaintiff does not deny that it submitted the application for IES
accreditation under the name “Singapore Institute of Commerce”. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 29; ABD 304.

However, it contends that responsibility for the acquisition of IES
accreditation lay with the first defendant by virtue of Cl 12.14 of the SSA-
Annexure, which states, “SIC [ie, SEGP] will be responsible for local
government registration and in-country professional accreditation of the
programs”. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

ABD 165; PCS at para 78.

The plaintiff claims it was obliged only to provide SEGP with the
documentation and support required to obtain such accreditation, which it did.
150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Reply to Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 7) at para 23F.

The first defendant does not take issue with the plaintiff’s interpretation of
Cl 12.14 of the SSA-Annexure. Its reply is that “the party applying for the
IES accreditation (i.e. the Plaintiff) must bear the responsibility of
ensuring that accurate information is provided to the IES, regardless of
whether the responsibility for making the application lies with the Plaintiff
or the 1st Defendant”. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

First Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 38(b).

The first defendant relies on what it says was an admission on the part of the
plaintiff’s Caryn Nery (“Ms Nery”) during cross-examination that the plaintiff
should have checked with Mr Chettiar to confirm its impression that “Singapore
Institute of Commerce” and SEGP were the same entity. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

1DCS at para 121; First Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 38(b); NE (25
May 2017) at p 66 line 31 – p 67 line 4.

However, Ms Nery appears to have disagreed with this proposition; at best her
response is ambiguous.

95 According to Cl 12.14 of the SSA-Annexure with Cl 3.3(a) of the ASA and Cl
11.10 of the ASA-Annexure, SEGP (rather than the plaintiff) bore contractual
responsibility for IES accreditation. Whether or not the first defendant
acquired that responsibility from SEGP following the Amending Agreements, it
is clear that the 2009 Agreements do not place that obligation upon the
plaintiff. The fact that the plaintiff took it upon itself to apply for IES
accreditation – notwithstanding its unwise decision not to confirm the
identity of the entity to be accredited with Mr Chettiar – cannot affect its
contractual rights and duties under the 2009 Agreements. Moreover, the
application for IES accreditation was made before the Amending Agreements, and
cannot be a repudiatory breach thereof. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 28.

I therefore do not find that the plaintiff breached the 2009 Agreements in
relation to its application for IES accreditation.

96 The second allegation (see [93(b)] above) was not pleaded. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 32B(a)(ii); Plaintiff’s
Reply Submissions at para 28.

In any event it would fail for the same reason. Though the plaintiff’s e-mail
to the first defendant on 12 December 2011 did not apprise the latter of the
possibility of applying afresh for IES accreditation, the plaintiff was not
contractually obliged to do so, and its failure to do so cannot constitute a
breach of contract. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

ABD 437.

97 Finally, even if the plaintiff’s conduct in relation to IES accreditation
amounted to a breach of contract, I do not think such breach would be
repudiatory:

(a) As regards [39(d)] above, the first defendant submits that the lack of IES
accreditation adversely affected the appeal of the programmes and the
enrolment of students, thereby depriving the first defendant of the benefit
under the 2009 Agreements. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

1DCS at para 124(c)(i).

While I can accept that the lack of IES accreditation may have affected the
number of enrolments, I do not see how it can have deprived the first
defendant of “substantially the whole benefit” of the 2009 Agreements,
particularly when the first defendant accepted students in 2011 and 2012 and
continued to teach out the course until 2014.

(b) As regards [39(b)] above, the first defendant submits that the plaintiff’s
provision of inaccurate information to IES and subsequent inaction on the
fresh application for IES accreditation demonstrated its intention not to
perform the contract. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

1DCS at para 124(c)(ii).

I disagree. There is no evidence that the plaintiff deliberately misinformed
IES about the entity to be accredited. That would have amounted to shooting
itself in the foot, since it stood to benefit financially from the first
defendant enrolling more students. Moreover, at the time of the accreditation
application, SEGP ran the school under the name “Singapore Institute of
Commerce”. “Singapore Institute of Commerce” was also stated in Cl 10.1 of the
SSA-Annexure as the approved location for the delivery of the programme, and
described as SEGP’s trading name in Mr Yeo’s e-mail to the plaintiff dated 16
November 2009. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

ABD 164 and DBD 142.

The first defendant’s prospectus in 2011 stated the school name as “Stansfield
College incorporating Singapore Institute of Commerce”. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Ms Neryn’s AEIC at para 28.

Moreover, as Mr Chettiar confirmed, CPE would register the schools and not the
businesses that operated them. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NE (28 September 2017) at p 38 line 28.

The plaintiff may therefore have simply made an honest mistake in submitting
the application to IES under “Singapore Institute of Commerce” instead of
SEGP.

Accreditation with EA

98 The first defendant alleges that the plaintiff furnished erroneous
information to EA, giving it the erroneous impression that the first defendant
and SEGP were the same entity. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

1DCS at para 111(a).

The plaintiff avers that it maintained accreditation with EA for the BME
Programme throughout the term of the Annexures. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Reply to Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 7) at para 23F.

99 On 8 December 2015, the first defendant wrote to EA observing that it was
listed as “formerly SIC College of Business and Technology [ie, SCBT],
formerly Singapore Institute of Commerce” on EA’s website. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

ABD 649 and 1135.

This information was inaccurate because the first defendant and SCBT are
different entities. EA’s reply to the first defendant suggests that this
information was supplied by the plaintiff. It stated: 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

ABD 651.

We have been in contact with [the plaintiff] in regard to the issues you raise
in it.

Accreditation is initiated by the education provider, in this case [the
plaintiff], and it is the responsibility of the provider to supply factually
correct information. Nevertheless, we do note your concern about the naming of
[the first defendant] in the accreditation listing and we have specifically
requested [the plaintiff] to clarify the situation with both [the first
defendant] and Engineers Australia.

100 Mr Crighton agreed that the plaintiff may have provided EA with
information which gave it the impression that “Stansfield College” was the new
name for SEGP, for example by submitting an application with SEGP’s name in
it. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

NE (25 May 2017) at p 16 line 19 – p 17 line 9.

However, there is no evidence that the plaintiff told EA in terms that the
first defendant was SEGP/SCBT. Even if the plaintiff caused EA to have the
mistaken impression that the first defendant and SEGP/SCBT were the same
entity, this would not constitute a breach of the clauses in question. As the
plaintiff points out, these clauses only required the plaintiff to obtain
accreditation under the first defendant’s name, which it in fact did. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

PCS at para 83.

Moreover, I do not see how causing EA to reflect the first defendant as
“formerly [SCBT], formerly Singapore Institute of Commerce” on its website can
have at all diminished the benefit which the first defendant received under
the 2009 Agreements, or demonstrated the plaintiff’s intention not to perform
its contractual obligations. The first defendant did not adduce any evidence
that it had sustained any loss or damage in practical terms as a result of
this inaccuracy on EA’s website.

Alleged breach of Cl 3.2(m) of the ASA and Cl 3.2(c) of the SSA

101 Clause 3.2(m) of the ASA and Cl 3.2(c) of the SSA state that the plaintiff
must “as mutually agreed provide support for promotional events deemed
beneficial to a Program”. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

ABD 126 and 145.

The first defendant submits that this “mutual agreement” took the form of a
commitment from the plaintiff to contribute S$70,000 towards the first
defendant’s advertising costs. The plaintiff denies that it was contractually
obliged to contribute to the costs of promotional events pertaining to the
course. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Reply to Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 7) at para 23H.

It says that at most it considered paying for two full-page advertisements in
a local newspaper, but did not agree to contribute S$70,000, and subsequently
decided not to contribute towards the advertising costs because of the sums
owed to it by the first defendant. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 31; PCS at para 46.

In any event, any contribution from the plaintiff would be subject to its
prior approval of the costs of the promotional materials. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Reply to Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 7) at para 36; NE (25
September 2017) at p 37 lines 2–4; NE (23 May 2017) at p 53 lines 21–28.

102 I do not find that the plaintiff breached these clauses. The plaintiff
never agreed to contribute a fixed sum of S$70,000 towards the first
defendant’s advertising cost. It simply agreed to contribute towards the cost
of two full-page newspaper advertisements. This was attested to by Mr Crighton
and Ms Nery 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

NE (23 May 2017) at p 57 lines 8–10; NE (25 May 2017) at p 81 lines 1–4.

and is borne out by the documentary evidence. On 1 March 2011, Mr Chettiar
wrote to the plaintiff’s Mark Shortis that the plaintiff and first defendant
were “putting up 3 full page advertisements in the Straits Times sometime
during the end of March or early April”. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

ABD 322.

Mr Chettiar met Mr Connelly on 11 or 12 April 2011 to discuss various matters,
including marketing and advertising. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

NE (25 September 2017) at p 13 lines 4–8.

A list of key points from that meeting, sent from Mr Crighton to Prof Subic,
records that “SAMME [School of Aerospace, Mechanical and Manufacturing
Engineering] will pay for two full page ads and will visit Singapore for info
evenings when ads are run”. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

ABD 552.

Prof Subic sought clarification on 27 April 2011. He thought that they had
previously agreed for the plaintiff to fund two advertisements, one funded by
SAMME and the other funded by the International and Development department.
175

##### Foot Note 175

×

ABD 551.

Notably, their discussion centred solely on who, ie, which department within
RMIT should fund the two advertisements, not whether such funding should take
place. They do not mention any pledge of support in purely monetary terms.

103 On 24 May 2011, Ms Nery wrote to the first defendant requesting a quote
for the cost of a full-page advertisement in the Straits Times so she could
“put it through for approval”. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

ABD 380.

When Mr Chettiar was shown this e-mail, he accepted that the plaintiff was not
aware of the cost of the advertisement. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

NE (25 September 2017) at p 19 lines 6–28.

This supports the plaintiff’s case that it had agreed to sponsor a newspaper
advertisement, rather than pledge a specific sum of money. The first defendant
replied on 23 June 2011 with quotations for advertisements in the Straits
Times, the Today Paper and The New Paper. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

ABD 379.

The cost of a Straits Times advertisement was about S$35,000, such that two
advertisements would have cost about S$70,000. But that is merely incidental
to the plaintiff’s agreement to sponsor the advertisements. Moreover, the
parties appear to have discussed placing advertisements in other papers
besides the Straits Times. This is shown by the plaintiff’s internal briefing
notes dated 30 May 2011: “In May two ads were approved. The first was for
Engineering programs at Stansfield, and the second was a full page ad
advertising Stansfield College programs in the Straits Times, The New Paper
and the Today paper for the week commencing 30 May.” 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

PSBD 34.

The total cost of these advertisements is unknown.

104 Mr Chettiar’s own letter to the plaintiff on 6 December 2011 shows that
the plaintiff only agreed to contribute to two full-page advertisements: 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

ABD 435.

Although we were reassured on several occasions that RMIT would contribute to
2 full page adverts, we have been recently made aware by Mr Scott Crighton
that RMIT does not intend to honour this understanding. … As you are aware,
you have represented on several occasions that RMIT will place the 2 full page
advertisements which we estimate will cost about $70,000. [emphasis added]

105 I note that the first defendant’s minutes of its meeting with the
plaintiff on 19 April 2012 record that Mr Connelly confirmed that there had
been an agreement to contribute S$70,000 towards the first defendant’s
advertisement costs. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

DBD 951.

However, I do not accept those notes as accurate, given that they were
unilaterally prepared by the first defendant. The plaintiff’s internal notes
of that meeting did not state any such agreement; in fact they stated that the
plaintiff was to confirm its approval for a particular advertisement. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

DBD 955.

Moreover, Mr Crighton took issue with many aspects of the first defendant’s
minutes; his e-mail to Ms Majella of 5 May 2012 states that “there was no
formal agreement for RMIT to contribute to advertising costs, and … any
informal agreement was contingent on certain important conditions”. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

DBD 980.

It therefore appears that by this stage the parties were edging away from
their original agreement, probably due to the breakdown in their relationship,
and I therefore place greater weight on the earlier correspondence as evidence
of what was or was not agreed.

106 I also note that the plaintiff did not rebut the assertion in the first
defendant’s letter dated 4 February 2012, and e-mail of 25 August 2012, that
the plaintiff had agreed to contribute S$70,000 to the first defendant’s
advertising costs. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

See 1DCS at paras 107(c)–107(d); ABD 458–461; ABD 493; NE (23 May 2017) at p
61 lines 22–28 and p 66 lines 1–3.

However, this is inconclusive because the plaintiff did not agree with or
accept this assertion either. There could be other reasons for the plaintiff’s
silence on this point. It may, for example, have interpreted that assertion as
a reference to the agreement to sponsor two advertisements, and felt that it
could not honestly deny having made such a commitment.

107 There is no other documentary evidence of the plaintiff agreeing to
contribute S$70,000 towards the first defendant’s advertising costs. Besides
Mr Crighton’s agreement that Prof Subic might possibly have agreed to
contribute to the first defendant’s advertising costs 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

NE (23 May 2017) at p 43 lines 6–9.

(which is inconclusive), the only evidence of this is Mr Chettiar’s
recollection of his discussions with the plaintiff. I found his oral evidence
in this respect imprecise and unconvincing:

(a) When he was asked during cross-examination what exactly were the terms of
the plaintiff’s agreed contribution, Mr Chettiar was unable or unwilling to
answer directly. After recounting various discussions with persons from RMIT,
and upon being repeatedly questioned by counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Chettiar
simply said that the arrangement was that “RMIT will support us” 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

NE (25 September 2017) at p 9 lines 1–4.

.

(b) Mr Chettiar then said that the plaintiff had agreed to contribute S$70,000
for two full-page advertisements 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

NE (25 September 2017) at p 9 lines 17–28.

, and that whatever remained of the S$70,000 could be used in a discretionary
manner with the plaintiff’s approval. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

NE (25 September 2017) at p 11 lines 1-4.

However, Mr Chettiar acknowledged that his affidavit of evidence-in-chief
(“AEIC”) did not state that the S$70,000 was to be used at the first
defendant’s will and discretion. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

NE (25 September 2017) at p 37 lines 22–26.

In addition, upon further questions from the court, Mr Chettiar said that the
S$70,000 was not limited to the two full-page advertisements but could be
applied towards the first defendant’s advertisement costs generally, with the
plaintiff’s approval. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

NE (25 September 2017) at p 11 line 23 – p 12 line 14.

But Mr Chettiar did not refer to any documentary evidence of such an
agreement. He said only that he had discussed and proposed a contribution of
this nature during his meeting with Mr Connelly on 11 April 2011, and in the
absence of any objection from Mr Connelly, took it that the plaintiff agreed.
191

##### Foot Note 191

×

NE (28 September 2017) at p 72 lines 16–23.

108 Moreover, Mr Chettiar’s evidence was not consistent with the documentary
evidence. He claimed that the plaintiff pledged at the 11 April 2011 meeting
to contribute S$70,000 towards the first defendant’s advertising costs, but
this is contradicted by the plaintiff’s internal e-mails on 27 April 2011 (see
[102] above). When these e-mails were brought to his attention, Mr Chettiar
agreed that they had discussed full-page advertisements in the newspapers
during that meeting. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

NE (25 September 2017) at p 17 lines 1–10.

109 On the evidence, I find that the plaintiff never agreed to contribute
S$70,000 towards the first defendant’s advertising costs – only to sponsor two
full-page advertisements, such advertisements being subject to the plaintiff’s
approval. The first defendant’s reply submissions appear to concede this. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

First Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 15–17.

Such an agreement does not, in my view, fall within Cl 3.2(m) of the ASA and
Cl 3.2(c) of the SSA. I do not think that “support for promotional events” can
be reasonably interpreted as requiring the plaintiff to sponsor newspaper
advertisements. Mr Chettiar agreed during cross-examination that Cl 3.2(m) of
the ASA did not use the word “advertisement”, that “promotional events” would
include things like educational fairs and recruitment roadshows, and that the
plaintiff had “always provided” support in “open talks and other events”. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

NE (25 September 2017) at p 31 lines 9–26.

110 On the contrary, the SSA requires the first defendant to bear the costs of
such advertisements. Clause 2.1(a) of the SSA states that “Organisation”
(meaning SEGP/SCBT and the first defendant) must, “at its own expense”: 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

ABD 123.

undertake marketing to generate applications for the Program and prepare a
promotional brochure and other agreed media to advertise the Program, the form
and content of which must be agreed between RMIT and Organisation prior to
distribution and which will provide the basis of all advertising material for
the Program …

111 Compared to “support for promotional events” in Cl 3.2(m) of the ASA and
Cl 3.2(c) of the SSA, which cannot be reasonably interpreted to include the
placement of print advertisements, the newspaper advertisements would clearly
fall within the terms “marketing”, “promotional brochure”, “other agreed
media” and “advertising material”. I therefore find that the plaintiff’s
agreement to sponsor two approved advertisements was not part of its
contractual obligations under the ASA and SSA. If anything it was a collateral
agreement regarding advertising costs in particular, a breach of which could
not have constituted a repudiation of the 2009 Agreements. However, this is
not an issue that arises on the pleadings.

112 Even if I am wrong, and such an agreement does fall within the terms of Cl
3.2(m) of the ASA and Cl 3.2(c) of the SSA, I would not have found a breach
thereof. Mr Chettiar agreed unequivocally during cross-examination that the
plaintiff would not be obliged to contribute towards any advertising
initiatives unless it had approved the advertising materials. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

NE (25 September 2017) at p 11 lines 4–5; p 12 lines 11–14; p 43 lines 12–14;
p 45 lines 14–26.

However, the first defendant concedes that there is no evidence to show that
two full-page advertisements were actually placed with the plaintiff’s
approval. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

PCS at para 48; First Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 17.

113 Finally, even if I am wrong on both counts and the plaintiff did breach Cl
3.2(m) of the ASA and Cl 3.2(c) of the SSA by failing to sponsor two full-page
advertisements, I do not see how such a breach could be a repudiatory one:

(a) As regards [39(d)] above, the first defendant submits that advertising
“would enhance the appeal of the programs” and the number of enrolments, such
that the plaintiff’s non-contribution would have “deprived the [first
defendant] of the benefit which it expected to obtain from the 2009
Agreements”. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

1DCS at paras 110(a) and 110(c)(i).

As I said above, even if the lack of advertising affected the number of
enrolments, I do not see how it can have deprived the first defendant of
“substantially the whole benefit” of the 2009 Agreements when the first
defendant accepted students in 2011 and 2012 and continued to teach out the
course until 2014.

(b) As regards [39(b)] above, the first defendant submits that the plaintiff’s
non-contribution demonstrated its intention not to perform the contract. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

1DCS at para 110(c)(ii).

In my view there is no evidence to support such a conclusion. The
correspondence from the plaintiff shows that it declined to contribute to
advertising not because it wished to repudiate its contractual obligations
under the 2009 Agreements, but because it considered that the first defendant
was behind in payment. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

ABD 402 and 469.

Demanding payment by way of letter dated 20 July 2012

114 The first defendant claims that the stance taken by the plaintiff in its
20 July 2012 letter at [20] above was “clearly aimed at exerting financial
pressure on the [first defendant]” to dissuade it from accepting a final batch
of students for the final trimester of 2012 and continuing to teach existing
students. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

1DCS at para 93.

In other words, the plaintiff was trying to incentivise the first defendant to
agree to terminate their contractual relationship by hinting at the
“significant financial implications” of continuing. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

ABD 475.

115 Even if that is true, I do not find that this constituted a repudiatory
breach of the 2009 Agreements. Nowhere in the 20 July 2012 letter is it stated
or implied that the plaintiff will not continue with its contractual
obligations under the 2009 Agreements. On the contrary, the letter states
unambiguously that the plaintiff “is prepared to honor its contractual
obligations” and requests the first defendant to confirm whether or not it
wishes to proceed with the final intake for the contracted programmes. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

ABD 475.

Though the plaintiff may well have hoped that this letter would persuade the
first defendant to agree to a termination, that does not make it a breach –
much less a repudiatory breach – of the contract. Moreover, though the
plaintiff had not previously enforced the minimum payment obligation, its
declaration of its intent to do so henceforth cannot have been a breach of
contract. It was contractually entitled to do so under Cl 9 of the Annexures.

116 The first defendant also asserts that the plaintiff’s threat to enforce
the minimum payment obligation was “wrongful” because Ms Majella’s evidence is
that the parties understood that the obligation “would only apply to a new
cohort of students, as opposed to every trimester”. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

1DCS at para 94.

However, that is unsupported by any other evidence and is contradicted by the
wording of Cl 9.3 (see [20] above).

Issuance of Notices of Default from 30 June 2011 to 4 October 2012

117 The first defendant submits that the plaintiff issued five notices of
default between 30 June 2011 and 4 October 2012 with the aim of exerting
financial pressure upon the first defendant, so as to “force” it to agree to
an early exit from the contractual relationship. Two of these, dated 30 June
2011 and 26 July 2011, pertained to student intakes conducted by SEGP prior to
the Amending Agreements. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

ABD 405–406, 411–412, 438–439, 465–466, 512–513.

The first defendant submits that it is clear from the Neutral Evaluator’s
opinion that these two notices of default ought not to have been issued to the
first defendant because the first defendant was not liable for the invoices to
which they relate. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

1DCS at paras 97–99.

118 I do not find that the issuance of the notices of default constituted a
breach of contract. The first defendant has not identified any contractual
term that was breached by the issuance of those notices. Nor do the notices
purport to terminate the 2009 Agreements; they simply warn that the plaintiff
“will … terminate” [emphasis added] the ASA and SSA “and pursue recovery
against SEGP, [the first defendant], SCBT and [the second defendant]” if the
sums are not paid within 30 days. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

ABD 405–406, 411–412, 438–439, 465–466, 512–513.

In the end, the plaintiff never terminated or purported to terminate the 2009
Agreements; the first defendant was the one that did so.

Acceptance of repudiatory breaches

119 For the foregoing reasons, I find that the plaintiff did not commit a
repudiatory breach of the 2009 Agreements. This means that the first defendant
was not entitled to terminate the 2009 Agreements on 2 August 2012 by
purporting to accept the plaintiff’s repudiation of contract. Its first
defence against the plaintiff’s invoices therefore fails. This obviates any
need for me to consider the plaintiff’s quantum meruit claim, which was
pleaded in the alternative to its contractual entitlement to payment (see [30]
above). 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at para 23.

Issue 2: Whether invoices were correctly calculated

120 The second issue is whether the plaintiff’s invoices correctly calculate
the fees to which it is entitled under the 2009 Agreements. The invoices are
calculated on the basis of Cll 9.2 and 9.3 of the Annexures, ie, for the
minimum number of students (save for courses which only had one or two
students, in which case the plaintiff charged based on the actual numbers as a
gesture of goodwill) and with an increase of 5% per year. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

PCS at para 27; ABD 217–246.

121 The first defendant submits that, given the parties’ previous course of
dealing under the 2009 Agreements, the plaintiff had waived its right to now
enforce Cll 9.2 and 9.3 of the Annexures. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

1DCS at para 134.

The plaintiff accepts that it had, prior to the invoices in question, charged
SEGP and the first defendant on the basis of the actual number of students
enrolled. The plaintiff’s Mr Crighton explained that this was done as a
gesture of goodwill as the plaintiff was keen on maintaining good business
relations with SEGP and the first defendant. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Mr Crighton’s AEIC at para 71.

However, the plaintiff denies that this disentitles it from enforcing the
minimum payment obligation in the present suit and emphasises that the first
defendant did not plead waiver. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

PCS at para 19; Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 38.

122 I first address the objection that the first defendant did not plead
waiver. All that is said in the defence and counterclaim on this subject is
that “the quantum of the Plaintiff’s claim is incorrect as: (a) it should be
based on the actual number of students enrolled in each of the courses; (b)
the unit price for each student for each of the courses was incorrect and
should have been AUD$1,000”. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 36.

The plaintiff did not plead the doctrine of waiver by election or the material
facts establishing waiver (ie, that the plaintiff had not previously sought to
enforce Cll 9.2 or 9.3 of the Annexures in the history of its relationship
with the first defendant).

123 The general rule is that parties are bound by their pleadings, but the law
permits departure from this rule “in limited circumstances, where no prejudice
is caused to the other party in the trial or where it would be clearly unjust
for the court not to do so” (V Nithia (co-administratrix of the estate of
Ponnusamy Sivapakiam, deceased) v Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam and another
[2015] 5 SLR 1422 (“V Nithia”) at [40]). The court may permit an unpleaded
point to be raised if no injustice or irreparable prejudice will be occasioned
to the other party, and evidence given at trial can (where appropriate)
overcome defects in the pleadings provided that the other party is not taken
by surprise or irreparably prejudiced (V Nithia at [40], citing OMG Holdings
Pte Ltd v Pos Ad Sdn Bhd [2012] 4 SLR 231 at [18]). However, cases where it is
clear that no prejudice will be caused by reliance on an unpleaded cause of
action or issue that has not been examined at trial are likely to be uncommon
(V Nithia at [41]). In V Nithia, the High Court found in favour of the
plaintiff on the basis of proprietary estoppel, which had not been pleaded.
While the Court of Appeal accepted that the precise words “proprietary
estoppel” did not have to be specifically pleaded, it stated that the
pleadings “should at the very least disclose the material facts which would
support such a claim, so as to give the opponent fair notice of the substance
of such a case” [emphasis in original] (at [43]).

124 In this case, I find that the first defendant’s failure to plead the
doctrine of waiver and the material facts required to establish the same is
fatal to this aspect of its defence. A waiver is, by its very nature, fact-
dependent and pleading the material facts is an indispensable foundation upon
which a plea of waiver rests. I disagree that no prejudice was caused to the
plaintiff by this failure. Because waiver was not pleaded in the defence and
counterclaim, the plaintiff’s reply and defence to counterclaim likewise did
not address this issue. It merely denied the assertion in the defence and
counterclaim quoted at [122] above and cited Cll 9.2 and 9.3 of the Annexures.
214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Reply to Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 7) at para 24A.

Mr Chettiar’s AEIC made no mention of the minimum payment obligation. Ms
Majella’s AEIC did refer to the minimum payment obligation, but took the
position that it did not bind the first defendant as it was not a party to or
named in the Annexures. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Ms Majella’s AEIC at para 73.

This is clearly a different argument from waiver. While Mr Crighton’s AEIC
explained the plaintiff’s past non-enforcement of the minimum payment
obligation, and both he and Ms Nery were asked during cross-examination to
confirm the same, counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Liow, decided not to traverse
these points in re-examination. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Mr Crighton’s AEIC at paras 71 and 77; NE (24 May 2017) at p 54 lines 25–28;
NE (25 May 2017) at p 41 lines 17–19.

He might have decided otherwise had the defence of waiver been pleaded.

125 Mr Liow may also have approached his cross-examination of the first
defendant’s witnesses differently had waiver been pleaded. Mr Liow’s cross-
examination of Ms Majella regarding the minimum payment obligation focused on
the fact that Cl 9.3 of the Annexures entitled the plaintiff to charge for a
minimum of 15 enrolments. Ms Majella’s initial response to this was that the
Annexures did not bind the first defendant. It was only when Mr Liow exposed
the difficulties with that position that Ms Majella then countered that the
plaintiff had not previously sought to enforce that clause. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

NE (26 May 2017) at p 78 line 20 – p 81 line 3.

Mr Liow expressly chose to leave that point aside and continued to stress the
plain meaning of Cl 9.3. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

NE (26 May 2017) at p 81 line 6 – p 84 line 20.

He adopted the same approach for Cl 9.2. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

NE (26 May 2017) at p 84 line 24 – p 86 line 15.

Mr Liow did not broach the subject of the minimum payment obligation with Mr
Chettiar in cross-examination.

126 Even if it were open to me to consider this defence on its merits, I would
reject it. First, the plaintiff’s past non-enforcement of Cll 9.2 and 9.3 is
properly characterised (if at all) as waiver by estoppel (also called
“equitable forbearance”) rather than waiver by election. In Audi Construction
Pte Ltd v Kian Hiap Construction Pte Ltd [2018] 1 SLR 317 (“Audi
Construction”), the Court of Appeal explained (at [54]) that the doctrine of
waiver by election:

… concerns a situation where a party has a choice between two inconsistent
rights. If he elects not to exercise one of those rights, he will be held to
have abandoned that right if he has communicated his election in clear and
unequivocal terms to the other party. … Once the election is made, it is final
and binding, and the party is treated as having waived that right by his
election: see [Motor Oil Hellas (Corinth) Refineries SA v Shipping Corporation
of India (The “Kanchenjunga”) [1990] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 391] at 397–398, which was
approved by this court in Chai Cher Watt v SDL Technologies Pte Ltd [2012] 1
SLR 152 at [33].

127 On the other hand, waiver by estoppel “requires an unequivocal
representation by one party that he will not insist upon his legal rights
against the other party, and such reliance by the representee as will render
it inequitable for the representor to go back upon his representation” (Audi
Construction at [57]). While both doctrines require an unequivocal
representation (Audi Construction at [59]), the requisite representation in
each of the two doctrines is different. “A party making an election is
communicating his choice whether or not to exercise a right which has become
available to him”, whereas a party to an estoppel “is representing that he
will in future forbear to enforce his legal rights” (Audi Construction at
[57]). Under the doctrine of waiver by election, in electing between distinct
legal positions, the electing party is not promising to exercise (or not to
exercise) his legal rights in some fashion in future; the election is itself
an exercise of the right which has become available to him (see Phang at para
18.088).

128 The electing party’s “right” of election – more accurately described as a
power to alter the legal rights and duties of another vis-à-vis himself or a
third person – can only be exercised once, and is thereafter final and binding
(Audi Construction at [54] and [55]). But the plaintiff’s entitlement to
charge fees under the 2009 Agreements was recurring, and the plaintiff merely
seeks to enforce its contractual right to charge fees in accordance with Cll
9.2 and 9.3 of the Annexures from 2012 onwards. The plaintiff has not sought
to reverse or undo a choice which it previously made, for example by claiming
further payments in respect of past invoices which had already been charged on
the basis of the number of actual enrolments. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 42.

The gravamen of the first defendant’s complaint, although not expressed in
these words, is that it is unfair and inequitable for the plaintiff to
abruptly enforce these clauses despite having never before enforced them. This
complaint falls squarely within the terms of the doctrine of waiver by
estoppel. Since the first defendant neither pleaded nor submitted on this
doctrine, I need not consider it.

129 In any event, neither waiver by election nor waiver by estoppel is
established on the facts, given the lack of an unequivocal representation on
the plaintiff’s part. The mere fact that the plaintiff had not hitherto
enforced Cll 9.2 and 9.3 of the Annexures could not by itself constitute an
unequivocal representation not to do so in future. This is all the more so
given that the first defendant only entered into a contractual relationship
with the plaintiff in March 2011. Although the plaintiff had contracted with
SEGP and the second defendant in the past, these were different entities from
the first defendant. This means that the plaintiff’s non-enforcement of these
clauses vis-à-vis the first defendant only lasted for about a year. It is not
difficult to believe Mr Crighton’s evidence that the plaintiff initially
decided not to enforce these clauses “as a gesture of goodwill”. This did not
amount to a clear and unequivocal representation that the plaintiff would
never henceforth seek to enforce them. I therefore find that the invoices are
correctly calculated.

Issue 3: Counterclaim for sums paid pursuant to the 1st and 2nd NODs

130 The first defendant counterclaims the sum of S$905,054.88, which it paid
to the plaintiff pursuant to two notices of default. The first Notice of
Default (“the 1st NOD”), issued by the plaintiff on 30 June 2011, required the
first defendant to pay A$322,200, comprising the fees for Semester 1 of 2010
and Semester 1 of 2011. The second notice (“the 2nd NOD”), issued by the
plaintiff on 26 July 2011, required the first defendant to pay A$420,650,
comprising the fees for Semesters 2 and 3 of 2010. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

ABD 406 and 412; Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 15.

Though the two NODs refer to “SIC Education Group Private Pte Ltd”, it is not
disputed that they meant to refer to SIC Education Group Pte Ltd (ie, SEGP).
222

##### Foot Note 222

×

In respect of the 1st NOD, see NE (26 May 2017) at p 18 line 30 – p 19 line
10.

The first defendant claims that it paid both NODs via two payments of
S$371,010.03 on or around 20 July 2011 and S$534,044.85 on 25 August 2011. It
counterclaims these sums on two bases: 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at paras 48–50.

(a) First, the first defendant paid these sums under a mistake of law, wrongly
believing that it was liable to pay the plaintiff for SEGP’s indebtedness
accruing prior to 23 March 2011 (the date of the Amending Agreements). The
plaintiff admits that there was no such liability. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

Reply to Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 7) at para 13.

(b) Secondly, and in the alternative, the first defendant is entitled to
return of these sums in restitution for unjust enrichment.

131 Although the first defendant pleaded mistake of law as an alternative to a
claim in restitution for unjust enrichment, mistake is simply one possible
unjust factor among many (see Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole
executrix of the estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another [2013] 3 SLR
801 (“Anna Wee”) at [131]–[134]). Another unjust factor, cited in the first
defendant’s closing submissions, is that of failure of consideration. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

1DCS at para 238.

The requirements for a successful claim in unjust enrichment are as follows:
(a) that the defendant has been benefited or enriched; (b) that the enrichment
was at the claimant’s expense; (c) that the enrichment was unjust; and (d)
that there are no defences (Anna Wee at [98]–[99]).

132 The plaintiff avers that the payments in respect of the 1st and 2nd NODs
were paid not by the first defendant, but by SEGP/SCBT. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Reply to Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 7) at para 33A.

The plaintiff further avers that estoppel by representation prevents the first
defendant from claiming the sum of S$905,054.88 or any part thereof, because
the first defendant expressly represented that it would pay the debts owed by
SEGP and/or indemnify the plaintiff and/or guarantee the debts owed by SEGP,
with the intention that the plaintiff should act on such representations, and
the plaintiff did in fact act on those representations. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Reply to Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 7) at para 39; Plaintiff’s
Reply Submissions at para 72.

133 The following issues arise in turn:

(a) Were the sums in fact paid by the first defendant or by SCBT?

(b) Is the first defendant entitled to repayment of those sums on the basis
that (i) they were paid under a mistake of law and/or (ii) that there has been
a total failure of consideration?

(c) If so, is the first defendant estopped from claiming those sums?

Who paid the sums

134 The plaintiff asserts that the two sums were paid by SCBT (formerly known
as SEGP) and not the first defendant, as evidenced by three letters: 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

PCS at para 120; Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 68.

(a) SCBT sent a letter to the plaintiff dated 22 July 2011 in respect of the
1st NOD. It described the 1st NOD as “defective” because the invoices in
respect of the 1st NOD had been wrongly issued to the first defendant and not
to SCBT. Nevertheless, SCBT’s letter enclosed payment of A$322,200 “on a
strictly without prejudice basis” and “on the condition that [the plaintiff]
reissue the [relevant] invoices in the name of [SCBT] within the next 7 days”.
229

##### Foot Note 229

×

ABD 407.

(b) The first defendant sent a letter to the plaintiff on 26 July 2011, also
referring to the 1st NOD. It stated that SCBT, and not the first defendant,
had conducted the plaintiff’s courses in 2010. The letter stated that the
invoices issued to the first defendant for the first to third semesters of
2010 were “therefore incorrect and certainly not due or payable by [the first
defendant]”, and the first defendant had been “wrongly billed”. The first
defendant requested that the plaintiff withdraw the invoices. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

ABD 410.

(c) SCBT sent another letter to the plaintiff on 25 August 2011 in response to
the 2nd NOD. It stated that the 2nd NOD was “defective” because it had been
issued to the first defendant instead of to SCBT. SCBT enclosed payment of
A$420,650 “on a strictly without prejudice basis” and “on the condition that
[the plaintiff] reissue invoices … in the name of [SCBT] within the next 7
days”. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

ABD 417.

135 These letters clearly show that SCBT and the first defendant were aware
that SCBT, rather than the first defendant, was liable in respect of the 1st
and 2nd NODs. For this reason they insisted that the plaintiff re-issue the
invoices in SCBT’s name. I return to this later in my analysis of the unjust
factors.

136 I find that the 1st NOD was paid by SCBT, not by the first defendant, and
the first defendant can have no claim to it. The sum of A$322,200 was
withdrawn by way of demand draft from SCBT’s bank account on 21 July 2011. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

ABD 407, 408 and 413.

That sum appears to have been credited into SCBT’s account by the first
defendant the day before. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

ABD 413: “Quick Cheque Deposit ‘from Stansfield’”; ABD 415–416.

However, contrary to what Mr Chettiar said at trial, it is not reflected in
any of the first defendant’s accounts as an advance to the plaintiff. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

NE (25 September 2017) at p 54 lines 21–29; NE (28 September 2017) at p 14
line 30, p 18 line 31 – p 19 line 3.

Mr Chettiar agreed that the first defendant “banked in the money into [SCBT]
so that [SCBT] could buy this cashier’s order”. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

NE (25 September 2017) at p 47 lines 4–6.

He explained that the first defendant did not wish to admit liability for
courses which it had never conducted, but wanted to ensure that the plaintiff
received payment. At the same time, the payments could not be lawfully made
from SCBT because it was facing insolvency at the time. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

NE (25 September 2017) at p 48 lines 1–4, p 50 lines 11–25.

The first defendant submits that, though payment for the 1st NOD was made out
of SCBT’s bank account, the first defendant was in reality the source of the
bulk of the funds in SCBT’s bank account. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

1DCS at para 235(b).

In other words, Mr Chettiar deliberately orchestrated the transactions such
that SCBT would pay the plaintiff (because the first defendant was not liable
on the invoices), using funds obtained from the first defendant (so that SCBT
could not be accused of disposing of its own assets while insolvent). It was
therefore SCBT that paid the A$322,200 in discharge of its liability to the
plaintiff under the 2009 Agreements. The fact that it obtained those funds
from the first defendant, whether by way of loan or gift or some other
arrangement, is irrelevant.

137 The circumstances of the payment of the 2nd NOD were different. Although
the letter at [134(c)] above was sent by SCBT, the cashier’s orders it
appended (dated 25 August 2011) were purchased by the first defendant
directly. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

DBD 735 and 738; ABD 416 and 418.

They correspond to two demand draft applications, dated 24 August 2011, for
A$196,150 and A$224,500 (total A$420,650), which list the first defendant as
the applicant and the plaintiff as the beneficiary. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

DBAEIC 393d and 393g.

There is also a payment voucher from the first defendant to the plaintiff in
respect of the plaintiff’s two invoices for Semesters 2 and 3 of 2010. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

DBAEIC 393A.

(Though the payment voucher is dated 19 August 2011, it must have been pre-
dated, because it reflects the Singapore dollar values of the sums
transferred, which would only have been known on 25 August 2011. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

NE (25 September 2017) at p 57 line 30 – p 58 line 7.

However, I do not think that makes it unreliable.) It therefore appears that
payment for the 2nd NOD was made by the first defendant directly to the
plaintiff. The plaintiff also issued receipts dated 29 August 2011 for these
two invoices to the first defendant, not to SCBT. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

Exhibit C, pp 8 and 9.

138 On the other hand, I note that the plaintiff subsequently issued revised
invoices (dated 16 June 2011) for Semesters 2 and 3 of 2010 in SCBT’s name.
243

##### Foot Note 243

×

ABD 419; Exhibit C, pp 6–7.

However, this does not change the fact that the first defendant paid the
A$420,650, though it may have done so in discharge of SCBT’s debt. The first
defendant essentially admitted this in a letter to the plaintiff dated 6
December 2011, which stated: “Although the amount was due to you from [SCBT],
you insisted that payment be made by Stansfield College. We therefore duly
made payment …” 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

ABD 435.

The plaintiff’s reply on 12 December 2011 did not dispute that the first
defendant had made payment. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

ABD 437; NE (24 May 2017) at p 83 lines 7–9.

I therefore find that the first defendant paid the sum demanded in the 2nd
NOD.

Whether there was an unjust factor

139 The next question is whether the first defendant is entitled to the sum of
A$420,650 in unjust enrichment. The first defendant claims that it made this
payment “under a mistake of law relating to its liability to pay the Plaintiff
for SEGP’s indebtedness to the Plaintiff accruing prior to 23 March 2011”. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 50.

140 The parties agree that the first defendant was not contractually liable to
pay any liabilities incurred by SEGP/SCBT prior to 23 March 2011 (see [32(b)]
above). 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

1DCS at para 221, Reply to Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 7) at para
13.

However, this does not necessarily mean that the first defendant paid the
plaintiff A$420,650 under a mistake of law. The letters sent by SCBT and the
first defendant (see [134] above) from July to August 2011 show that these two
companies were under no illusion as to the first defendant’s contractual
liability. Mr Chettiar agreed that the first defendant’s letter on 26 July
2011 denied liability for the invoices because it had not conducted the
plaintiff’s courses. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

NE (25 September 2017) at p 50 lines 4–5.

Had the first defendant truly believed that it was liable to pay the fees
SEGP/SCBT incurred in 2010, it would not have described the invoices issued to
the first defendant as “not due or payable by us” or “wrongly billed”. The
first defendant’s witnesses did not explain at trial how the position that it
took in its letter could be reconciled with its alleged mistake of law. On the
contrary, Mr Chettiar clearly testified that he “chose to make payments”
through the first defendant in order to placate the plaintiff, not because he
believed the first defendant was contractually obliged to do so. At the same
time, Mr Chettiar sought to protect the first defendant by requesting the
plaintiff to reissue invoices in SCBT’s name, because he was conscious that
“if Stansfield College accept the liability for courses which it never
conducted, then it means that there is an admission. So we didn’t want to
admit.” 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

NE (25 September 2017) at p 50 lines 11–25.

Mr Chettiar “wanted to make sure that RMIT agreed with [his] perspective that
Stansfield College was not liable for those invoices”. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

NE (25 September 2017) at p 53 lines 28–31.

141 I note that the first defendant did previously represent to the plaintiff
that it would pay SEGP’s/SCBT’s 2010 liabilities, but not because of a mistake
of law. On 29 March 2011, after the date of the Amending Agreements, Mr
Chettiar “agreed that Stansfield College will take over the liability of
[SEGP/SCBT] for 2010 payments”, to be paid in two instalments. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

ABD 357.

Nowhere in Mr Chettiar’s e-mail does he suggest that the first defendant was
bound by the terms of the 2009 Agreements to pay SEGP’s/SCBT’s liabilities.
Had he thought it was, there would have been no need for him to agree again
specifically for the first defendant to take over SEGP’s/SCBT’s liabilities
for 2010. His explanation of this e-mail is telling: 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

NE (28 September 2017) at p 82 line 25 – p 83 line 12.

Q Mr Chettiar … you had referred to an email that you sent on 29th of March
2011. Do you recall that, Mr Chettiar?

A Yes, I do, Your Honour.

Q And in this email, in---according to your evidence, you said that you were
giving some proposals on the repayment. Do you remember that?

A Yes, Your Honour.

Q Mr Chettiar, can you explain to the Court why and the thinking behind making
these proposals? Why did you make these proposals? What did you seek to
achieve?

A My intention, Your Honour, was to build a relationship of trust. As I’ve
said in my email, that was very important to me because the programme came to
us from another organisation in 2005. I’ve always been excited for the
engineering programme and RMIT’s reputation was one that convinced me that
it’s a partnership worth having. So it was incumbent, I felt, personally upon
me that I need to resolve this problem and not burn my relationship with RMIT
personally, and I sought to do that by ensuring that they were happy, even
though I wasn’t going to make a profit in running the programme for the next 2
or 3 years.

[emphasis added]

142 I therefore find that the first defendant paid the A$420,650 not because
it mistakenly thought it was legally obliged to do so as a result of the 2009
Agreements, but so as to maintain a good relationship with the plaintiff.

143 Since the first defendant made the payment voluntarily, the unjust factor
of failure of consideration also does not apply. For reasons which I state at
[149]–[157] below, I find that the plaintiff did not promise to issue further
annexures to the first defendant after 2012. While the first defendant may
have hoped that the plaintiff would do so, and that its payment of
SEGP’s/SCBT’s liabilities would therefore be offset by potential gains
following 2012, this was a gamble. The first defendant made a business
decision to pay SEGP’s/SCBT’s liabilities for 2010, even though it knew it was
not contractually obliged to, in order to preserve its business relationship
with the plaintiff and prevent the plaintiff from terminating the contract.
253

##### Foot Note 253

×

NE (25 September 2017) at p 50 lines 21–25.

With the benefit of hindsight, that may have been a poor bargain or a
miscalculation; but it cannot be said that the basis for the plaintiff’s
payment has totally failed, particularly given that the first defendant did in
fact benefit from the contractual relationship by commencing new intakes under
the existing Annexures and teaching these students until 2014.

144 My dismissal of the counterclaim obviates any need to decide on the
plaintiff’s argument of estoppel.

Issue 4: Counterclaim for plaintiff’s failure to issue further annexes

145 The first defendant claims that Mr Crighton verbally represented to Mr
Chettiar on around 10 or 11 March 2011 that the plaintiff would provide
separate annexures in respect of the Five Programmes upon the first defendant
signing the Amending Agreements. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 39; DBAEIC 29–30 at para 50.

These representations allegedly induced the first defendant to enter into the
Amending Agreements. In or around June to August 2011, after the Amending
Agreements were signed, Mr Crighton allegedly told Mr Chettiar that the
separate annexures would be issued upon the first defendant making the
payments which were the subject of the 1st and 2nd NODs. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 42A.

In reliance on the plaintiff’s representations, the first defendant developed
a new business plan, a new prospectus and spent capital expenditure to support
the new partnership agreement with the plaintiff’s approval. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 42.

It incurred costs of around S$240,000 developing various prospectuses to
market the plaintiff’s courses and promote the plaintiff’s brand name in
Singapore. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 44.

However, the plaintiff failed and/or refused to issue further annexures in the
first defendant’s name.

146 The plaintiff denies that it made any such representations or was obliged
by the 2009 Agreements to provide or issue any further annexures to extend or
expand the programme under the existing Annexures. Nor did the first defendant
ever request replacement annexures; on the contrary, it commenced new intakes
pursuant to the existing Annexures. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

Reply to Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 7) at paras 20, 30 and 34.

147 The parties do not dispute the legal principles relating to
misrepresentation. The elements are satisfied when a party relies on a false
representation in entering into the contract with the representor (Straits
Colonies Pte Ltd v SMRT Alpha Pte Ltd [2018] 2 SLR 441 at [33]).

148 I dismiss the first defendant’s counterclaim in misrepresentation. First,
I am unable to find that the plaintiff represented that it would issue further
annexures. Secondly, even if it had made such a representation, this was a
statement of intention rather than a misrepresentation as to fact. Thirdly,
even if this was an actionable misrepresentation, I do not think that it
induced the first defendant to enter into the Amending Agreements.

No representation to issue further annexures

149 First, the first defendant has not proved that such a misrepresentation
was made. Mr Crighton denied that he had made any representations to Mr
Chettiar, or anyone from the first defendant, that further annexures would be
issued to it. In his AEIC, Mr Crighton stated that there was “no discussion
and/or request for new annexures at that time” and that it was understood that
the first defendant would be able to teach and/or accept new intakes pursuant
to the existing Annexures. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

PBAEIC 46–47 at paras 127 and 129.

During his evidence-in-chief, however, Mr Crighton said that was not entirely
accurate. According to his recollection, “there may have been some discussion”
with Mr Chettiar prior to the signing of the Amending Agreements, probably in
March 2011 or slightly earlier. Mr Crighton said it was “possible there was
discussion about the possibility of discussing the possibility of new
annexures after the signing of the amending agreement”. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

NE (23 May 2017) at p 5 lines 30–32.

His evidence was as follows: 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

NE (23 May 2017) at p 6 lines 6–15.

Q: In your recollection … what was discussed?

A: Only that from my recollection … the possibility or the request for issuing
new annexures may have been made.

Q: What was your response or RMIT response as you know to that request?

A: My response---and my response would always have been that the progression
of the amending agreement was to tie the---the different Stansfield entities
to the existing agreements rather than there being a need for new annexures,
that the possibility of new annexures would be further down the line once the
existing agreements were completed.

150 When it was suggested to Mr Crighton that Mr Chettiar had requested
further annexures after 11 March 2011, Mr Crighton said he “[could not] be
sure but [he] believe[d] that that may have happened”. 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

NE (23 May 2017) at p 25 lines 4–10.

151 The first defendant submits that this change in Mr Crighton’s evidence
renders his evidence unreliable and Mr Chettiar’s account should be preferred.
263

##### Foot Note 263

×

1DCS at para 187.

However, the fact that Mr Crighton amended his AEIC, bringing it closer to Mr
Chettiar’s account, does not mean that his evidence is unreliable. If
anything, it suggests to me that he honestly attempted to recount the events
as they really happened. I also note that Mr Crighton was no longer employed
by RMIT at the time of the trial, which further reinforced the credibility of
his testimony.

152 Besides Mr Chettiar’s and Ms Majella’s assertions there is no evidence of
Mr Crighton saying that further annexures would be issued. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

NE (28 September 2017) at p 45 lines 10–22, p 48 lines 1–3; NE (26 May 2017)
at p 49 lines 24–28, p 41 lines 4–7; First Defendant’s Reply Submissions at
para 70(b).

Given how important the issuance of further annexures appears to be to the
first defendant, I find it odd that there is no documentary evidence of the
alleged representation or of the first defendant confronting the plaintiff
regarding its failure to issue further annexures, and that no such promise was
incorporated as a contractual term.

153 Mr Chettiar says he requested further annexures on several occasions.
First, on 11 March 2011, when the Amending Agreements were being discussed, Mr
Crighton allegedly said that the plaintiff would hold off on issuing the
further annexures in the first defendant’s name until the latter was able to
confirm the city campus location for the future delivery of the plaintiff’s
courses. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

DBAEIC 30 at para 50(c); NE (28 September 2017) at p 81 lines 12–14; 1DCS at
para 184(b).

Secondly, at the 11 April 2011 meeting with Mr Connelly, Mr Chettiar “had the
opportunity of discussing the annexures with Mr Stephen Connelly”. Subsequent
to that discussion, the parties “signed the new agreement to take new
premises, because [Mr Chettiar] was assured that [the plaintiff] would be
supporting [him]”. However, it is not clear what exactly was discussed between
Mr Chettiar and Mr Connelly, and Mr Chettiar did not say that Mr Connelly
agreed to issue further annexures. Rather, Mr Chettiar said, rather
elliptically, that he “did not feel a need … to remind [the plaintiff] of
[its] contractual obligations” because it had always acted honourably towards
him. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

NE (28 September 2017) at p 81 lines 14–23.

Finally, Mr Chettiar claimed that he requested further annexures during “other
instances up to the point when [he] handed over the operations to [Ms
Majella]”, though he did not elaborate on these instances.

154 I found Mr Chettiar not to be an entirely credible witness. His responses
during cross-examination were often indirect and irrelevant (see, eg, [107]
above) and he claimed not to understand fairly simple questions. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

NE (25 September 2017) at p 7 lines 12–25, p 8 line 4 – p 9 line 4, p 10 lines
9–30, p 14 lines 2–7 and 22–31, p 30 lines 27–31.

I received the impression that he was deliberately evasive and sought to turn
the cross-examination to his advantage when a simple “yes” or “no” response
would have sufficed. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

See, eg, NE (25 September 2017) at p 19 lines 2–28, p 20 line 19 – p 22 line
1, p 35 line 3 – p 36 line 27, p 38 lines 13–30.

Given my doubts about the reliability of Mr Chettiar’s evidence, I am unable
to find on the basis of his testimony alone that the plaintiff represented
that it would issue further annexures. While Mr Chettiar may have hoped and
perhaps even expected the relationship between the parties to be a long-term
one 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

1DCS at para 199(b).

, that does not ipso facto entitle him to damages for misrepresentation.

155 The first defendant offers two other reasons why I should accept Mr
Chettiar’s evidence. First, the Annexures expired in 2012, meaning that there
would be three years between the last student intake under the Annexures and
the expiry of the ASA and SSA in 2015. For these three years, Cl 11.2 of the
ASA and SSA would prevent the plaintiff from delivering its programmes through
other private education institutions. The first defendant says this would be
“commercially illogical and would have been unacceptable to the parties”. 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

1DCS at paras 189–191.

I disagree. The plaintiff may have preferred to reserve its decision whether
to issue further annexures until the expiry of the Annexures. If the first
defendant proved an unsatisfactory business partner it might have made more
sense for the plaintiff simply to forgo accepting new intakes in the three
years between the last student intake under the Annexures in 2012 and the
expiry of the ASA and SSA in 2015. In fact that was precisely what happened:
the plaintiff declined to issue any further annexures after 2012 and new
intakes for the BME Programme only resumed in 2015 through an alternative
institution. If the plaintiff had intended the first defendant to accept
intakes for the BME Programme all the way until 2015, it could easily have
provided for the Annexures to expire in 2015 instead of 2012.

156 Secondly, the parties contemplated in early 2011 that there would be a
change in delivery location in the future. The first defendant therefore
submits that Mr Crighton would have promised to issue further annexures with a
view to reflecting the new delivery location in the new annexures. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

1DCS at paras 193–194.

But this would have simply required an amendment to the existing Annexures,
not the issuance of new annexures for a longer term. 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

NE (23 May 2017) at p 24 line 20 – p 25 line 3.

157 I deal briefly with Ms Majella’s evidence. As she only took over
responsibility for the management of the plaintiff’s programmes conducted by
the first defendant around August 2011 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

DBAEIC 558 at para 8.

, her evidence related to discussions after execution of the Amending
Agreements. Any representations made after that date cannot have induced the
first defendant to enter into the Amending Agreements. Ms Majella had no
first-hand knowledge of such representations being made before the Amending
Agreements, save what she had been told by Mr Chettiar. 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

NE (26 May 2017) at p 53 lines 18–26.

Moreover, her evidence does not show that the plaintiff unequivocally agreed
to issue further annexures. Though she requested Mr Crighton to issue further
annexures on or around 7 September 2011, Mr Crighton merely “assured [her]
that the outstanding issue of annexures would be sorted out when he visited
Singapore in October 2011”. 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

DBAEIC 563–564 at para 18.

Ms Majella also said that various issues – such as the change of address, the
fees and the intake schedules – remained to be discussed at the meeting on 4
November 2011, and if they were not agreed upon, no annexures would be issued.
276

##### Foot Note 276

×

NE (26 May 2017) at p 52 line 11 – p 53 line 3.

This makes it even less likely that the plaintiff promised to issue further
annexures in the first defendant’s name, since the issuance of such annexures
would have been contingent upon their ability to agree on these terms.

Not an actionable misrepresentation

158 Even if Mr Crighton had said that the plaintiff would issue further
annexures, this would constitute a future promise rather than an actionable
misrepresentation. As stated by the Court of Appeal in Tan Chin Seng and
others v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd [2003] 3 SLR(R) 307 (“Tan Chin Seng”) at
[21], citing Andrew Phang’s Law of Contract (Second Singapore and Malaysian
Edition) (Butterworths Asia, 1998) at pp 444–445:

A representation, as we have seen, relates to some existing fact or some past
event. It implies a factum, not a faciendum, and since it contains no element
of futurity it must be distinguished from a statement of intention. An
affirmation of the truth of a fact is different from a promise to do something
in futuro, and produces different legal consequences. This distinction is of
practical importance. If a person alters his position on the faith of a
representation, the mere fact of its falsehood entitles him to certain
remedies. If, on the other hand, he sues upon what is in truth a promise, he
must show that this promise forms part of a valid contract. The distinction is
well illustrated by Maddison v Alderson [(1883) 8 App Cas 467], where the
plaintiff, who was prevented by the Statute of Frauds from enforcing an oral
promise to devise a house, contended that the promise to make a will in her
favour should be treated as a representation which would operate by way of
estoppel. The contention, however, was dismissed, for:

The doctrine of estoppel by representation is applicable only to
representations as to some state of facts alleged to be at the time actually
in existence, and not to promises de futuro, which, if binding at all, must be
binding as contracts. [see (1883) 8 App Cas 467 at 473].

159 Phang states at para 11.029:

A statement as to something that will happen in the future is not a statement
of a present or past fact. Neither is a statement as to what the maker will or
intends to do in the future. …

However, as such statements are essentially promises, they will attract
liability if they are included in a contract as terms of the contract. In the
words of Sir Mellish LJ [in Beattie v Lord Ebury (1872) LR 7 Ch App 777 at
804]:

[T]here is a clear difference between a misrepresentation in point of fact, a
representation that something exists at that moment which does not exist, and
a representation that something will be done in the future. Of course, a
representation that something will be done in the future cannot either be true
or false at the moment it is made, and although you may call it a
representation, if it is anything, it is a contract or promise.

160 The first defendant refers to the principle that a misstatement of a man’s
intention or state of mind is a misrepresentation of fact (Tan Chin Seng at
[12], citing Edgington v Fitzmaurice (1885) 29 Ch D 459 (“Edgington”) at 483
per Bowen LJ). 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

1DCS at para 176.

However, as Tan Chin Seng goes on to state at [13], this was “further
elucidated” by Tudor Evans J in Wales v Wadham [1977] 2 All ER 125 at 136 in
the following terms:

A statement of intention is not a representation of existing fact, unless the
person making it does not honestly hold the intention he is expressing, in
which case there is a misrepresentation of fact in relation to the state of
that person’s mind.

161 Phang therefore states the principle as follows at para 11.040: “[I]f it
can be shown that, at the time the statement of intention was made, the person
who made it had no intention of doing what he asserted he would do, there
would be a misrepresentation of that person’s state of mind.” At para 11.041,
Phang highlights as an example the facts in Edgington, in which the directors
of a company issued a prospectus inviting subscriptions for debentures,
stating that the object of the issue of debentures was to raise funds for
alterations to buildings owned by the company, the purchase of horses and
vans, and for the development of the company’s business, whereas in fact the
real object was to enable the directors to pay off the company’s pressing
liabilities. To show that there was a misrepresentation of fact as to Mr
Crighton’s mind, the first defendant would have to prove that Mr Crighton made
a promise to issue further annexures while intending not to do so. There is no
evidence of this.

No inducement

162 I also accept the plaintiff’s argument 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

PCS at paras 141–147.

and find that Mr Chettiar was the one who suggested that the first defendant
be party to the 2009 Agreements for his own reasons, and was not induced into
entering the Amending Agreements by any representation on the plaintiff’s part
to issue further annexures. It was Mr Yeo who, in mid-December 2010, first
proposed transferring the BME Programme from the Singapore Institute of
Commerce to the first defendant for the reason that the latter had obtained
EduTrust certification. 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

Mr Crighton’s AEIC at para 42; PBAEIC 243.

Mr Chettiar reiterated this suggestion in an e-mail to Prof Subic on 7 January
2011, in which he said he was “personally keen on re-branding the RMIT
Engineering qualifications in Singapore”. 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

Mr Chettiar’s AEIC at paras 29 and 37; DBAEIC 250–251.

Mr Chettiar mentioned that the first defendant had been awarded EduTrust
certification and that enrolment numbers had declined due to the plaintiff’s
higher fees compared to previous years. Mr Chettiar wrote that these fees
could only be “sustained by a complete re-branding with our superior
Stansfield College brand”, and said that his “value proposition [was] for RMIT
to be directly conducted under Stansfield College”. 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

ABD 293–294.

163 On 21 February 2011, Mr Chettiar prompted Mr Crighton to decide whether to
migrate the plaintiff’s courses to the first defendant. Mr Chettiar’s e-mail
strongly emphasised that, unless the courses were migrated, “RMIT will lose
out on the international market as there is no EduTrust guarantee” and pressed
the plaintiff for a decision “by end of the day”. 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

ABD 318.

The impetus to transfer the plaintiff’s programmes to the first defendant
clearly came from the first defendant. The e-mails do not mention the issuance
of further annexures. Mr Chettiar agreed during cross-examination that moving
the plaintiff’s programmes from the Singapore Institute of Commerce to the
first defendant was “very important to [him]”. 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

NE (28 September 2017) at p 43 line 30.

It is also noteworthy that Mr Chettiar wanted the plaintiff to give a firm
indication that it was agreeable to the delivery of its programmes through the
first defendant by 21 February 2011, before the alleged representation that
the plaintiff would issue further annexures. If that is so, any promise to
issue further annexures cannot have played a real and substantial part in
inducing the first defendant to enter into the Amending Agreements.

Issue 5: Counterclaim for marketing and advertisement costs

164 Finally, I dismiss the first defendant’s counterclaim in unjust enrichment
regarding the marketing and advertising services which it provided to the
plaintiff. The first defendant submits the following: 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

1DCS at paras 210–214.

(a) The plaintiff was enriched by the first defendant’s marketing and
advertising of the plaintiff’s courses and promotion of the plaintiff’s brand
name, between April 2011 and July 2012, which enhanced the attractiveness of
the plaintiff’s programmes to students in Singapore.

(b) This enrichment was at the expense of the first defendant, which expended
approximately S$240,000 on advertising and promoting the plaintiff’s courses
and brand name.

(c) This enrichment was unjust in that the plaintiff had failed to provide
consideration in respect of this enrichment. The plaintiff neither subsidised
the costs of marketing and advertising nor issued further annexures.

165 The plaintiff counters that the marketing and advertising benefited both
the plaintiff and the first defendant, and that there was no unjust factor.
285

##### Foot Note 285

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 64.

166 I accept that the first defendant provided marketing and advertising
services. However, I dismiss this counterclaim for want of an unjust factor.
The unjust factor of failure of consideration requires the failure to be total
(Goff & Jones: The Law of Unjust Enrichment (Charles Mitchell et al, eds)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2016) at para 12-16). As I stated at [110] above, Cl
2.1(a) of the SSA required the first defendant to “undertake marketing to
generate applications for the Program”. Mr Chettiar agreed that, reading this
clause as it stood, the advertising and promotional expenses were to be borne
by “the organisation” (ie, SEGP/SCBT and the first defendant). 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

NE (25 September 2017) at p 25 lines 8–10.

The first defendant was therefore contractually obliged to bear the costs of
marketing and advertising, along with its other contractual obligations under
the 2009 Agreements, in consideration of the various benefits it would acquire
under those agreements (ie, the services to be rendered by the plaintiff).
Since the first defendant did receive the services promised by the plaintiff
(see [85] above), any failure of consideration or basis cannot be total.

167 Separately, though there is no need for me to decide this, I am not sure
it can be said that the plaintiff benefited at the first defendant’s expense.
The principle underlying an unjust enrichment claim is that “the claimant …
lost a benefit to which she is legally entitled or which forms part of her
assets and which is reflected in the recipient’s gain” [original emphasis
omitted; emphasis added in italics] (Anna Wee at [128]; see also [108]). In
this case, however, the marketing and advertisement of the plaintiff’s courses
would have benefited both the plaintiff and the first defendant, as both
parties stood to gain from an increase in enrolments. In other words, the
first defendant’s loss does not correspond solely to the plaintiff’s gain; the
first defendant would also have benefited from the costs it incurred. The
logic of an unjust enrichment claim therefore does not seem to apply, or at
least not to apply to the entire expense incurred by the first defendant.
However, given my dismissal of the counterclaim, the proper approach in such
cases may be left to another day.

Conclusion

168 For the foregoing reasons, I allow the plaintiff’s claim against the first
defendant for A$942,322.50 (see [28] above). I also find that the plaintiff
breached Cl 11.2 of the ASA and SSA by making arrangements with SIM to offer
the plaintiff’s courses (see [74] above). The quantum of damages for such
breach is to be assessed separately. I will hear the parties on costs.

Quentin Loh  
Judge

Joseph Liow Wang Wu, Charlene Cheam Xuelin and Celine Liow (Straits Law
Practice LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Gregory Vijayendran Ganesamoorthy, Cheng Jin Edwin, Pradeep Nair and Tan Tian
Hui (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the first defendant;  
the second defendant unrepresented, absent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

