Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2018] SGHC 51

Originating Summons No 936 of 2017

(Summons No 4920 of 2017)

| In the matter of Regulations 79 and 80 of the Companies Regulations (Cap.
50, Section 411)  
---|---  
  
And

| In the matter of Acesian Star (S) Pte. Ltd. (formerly known as Air System
Technology (S) Pte Ltd)  
---|---  
  
Between

| TAKENAKA CORPORATION  
---|---  
  
… Applicant(s)

And

1.| TAM CHEE CHONG  
---|---  
2\. | LIM LOO KHOON   
  
… Respondent(s)

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Arbitration] — [Stay of court proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Takenaka Corp

  
v

  

Tam Chee Chong and another

[2018] SGHC 51

High Court — Originating Summons No 936 of 2017 (Summons No 4920 of 2017)  
Aedit Abdullah J  
17 January 2018

7 March 2018

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 A stay of proceedings in favour of arbitration was sought and granted. The
party opposing the stay application has now appealed. In Originating Summons
No 936 of 2017 (“OS 936/2017”), Takenaka Corporation sought to set aside the
rejection by the Judicial Managers of Acesian Star (S) Pte Ltd (“the Company”)
of a proof of debt filed by Takenaka Corporation. In Summons No 4920 of 2017
(“SUM 4920/2017”), the Judicial Managers sought a stay of OS 936/2017 on the
basis of an arbitration agreement between the Company and Takenaka
Corporation.

2 As Takenaka Corporation is the applicant in OS 936/2017 but the respondent
to the stay application in SUM 4920/2017, while the Judicial Managers are in
the opposite position, for clarity, the terms applicant and respondents will
not be used in this judgment. In addition, no distinction needs to be drawn in
this judgment between the Judicial Managers and the Company.

Background

3 The Company, inter alia, provides engineering, mechanical, electrical and
plumbing services for construction projects. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Judicial Managers’ written submissions dated 12 January 2017 (“JM
Submissions”) at paras 2.1.2 and 2.1.4.

It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Acesian Partners Limited (APL). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

JM Submissions at para 2.1.4.

4 Takenaka Corporation is the main contractor for various projects at Changi
Airport, including the provision of addition and alteration works for Terminal
1 (“the T1E project”) and Terminal 4, (“the T4 project”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

JM Submissions at para 2.2.1.

By way of subcontracts, Takenaka Corporation engaged the Company for air-
conditioning works under the T1E project and the T4 project. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

JM Submissions at paras 2.2.2 – 2.2.3.

5 A dispute arose between Takenaka Corporation and the Company in respect of
payments due under the subcontract for T4. An adjudication determination was
made under the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap
30B, 2006 Rev Ed) under which Takenaka Corporation was to pay a sum of about
$7.9 million to the Company. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

JM Submissions at para 2.3.5.

Subsequently, Takenaka Corporation sought partial review of the sum, which led
to a determination reducing the sum awarded to the Company to about $7
million. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

JM Submissions at para 2.3.7.

Takenaka Corporation however asserted that it was entitled to refuse further
payments as it had a counterclaim for back charges and liquidated damages. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

JM Submissions at para 2.3.8.

6 On 4 November 2016, the T1E subcontract was terminated by Takenaka
Corporation because of an alleged breach by the Company. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

JM Submissions at para 2.3.10.

The Company then applied for Judicial Management in Originating Summons No
1163 of 2016, and this was ordered in January 2017. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

JM Submissions at paras 2.3.11 and 2.3.13.

In the meantime, Takenaka Corporation terminated the T4 subcontract on the
basis that the Judicial Management application was a default event under the
T4 subcontract. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

JM Submissions at para 2.3.12.

7 In February 2017, Takenaka Corporation filed a proof of debt for an amount
of about $27.8 million under both the T1E and T4 subcontracts against the
Company. This proof of debt was rejected by the Judicial Managers five months
later in July 2017. In August 2017, by way of OS 936/2017, Takenaka
Corporation sought an order for the setting aside of the rejection of the
proof of debt and for the claim set out in its proof of debt to be accepted by
the Judicial Managers. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

JM Submissions at paras 2.4.1 – 2.4.3.

8 After the appointment of the Judicial Managers, on Takenaka Corporation’s
application in Summons No 4023 of 2017 (“SUM 4023/2017”), a third Judicial
Manager was appointed to investigate the viability of a clawback action.

The Judicial Managers’ case

9 Both the T1E and T4 subcontracts contain arbitration clauses. The Judicial
Managers argued for a stay of OS 936/2017, relying on the arbitration
agreement between the Company and Takenaka Corporation under Clause 33(1) of
the T4 subcontract, which reads: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

JM Submissions at para 2.5.3.

If any dispute arises between the Contractor and the Sub-Contractor in
connection with this Sub-Contract, it shall, subject to the provisions of this
clause, be referred to arbitration and final decision of a single arbitrator
to be agreed upon between the parties or failing agreement by either party
within twenty-eight (28) days of being requested in writing by the other party
to be nominated by the President of the Singapore International Arbitration
Centre (SIAC) and any such references shall be a submission to arbitration in
accordance with and subject to the provisions of the Arbitration Act (Cap. 10)
or any statutory modifications thereof for the time being in force in
Singapore and the rules of the SIAC.

10 Specifically, it was argued that there is a clear overlap in the disputes
which form the subject matter of OS 936/2017 and the arbitration that has been
filed in ARB 316 at the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (SIAC). The
arbitration agreement covers the subject matter of OS 936/2017 insofar as it
relates to the dispute under the T4 subcontract. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

JM Submissions at paras 5.1.1-5.1.2.

The Court should grant a stay of OS 936/2017 under s 6(2) of the Arbitration
Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the Arbitration Act”) as there is no sufficient
reason why the dispute should not be referred to arbitration and the Judicial
Managers have been and remained ready and willing to do all things necessary
for the proper conduct of the arbitration. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

JM Submissions at paras 6.1-6.2.

11 In particular, the Judicial Managers contended that the criticisms by
Takenaka Corporation of the alleged delay in the adjudication of the proof of
debt and pursuit of clawback claims were unfounded. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

JM Submissions at paras 5.2.1-5.2.2.

It could not also be said that the proceedings in OS 936/2017 are so
inextricably linked to the clawback and Judicial Management proceedings that
arbitration would not be appropriate. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

JM Submissions at paras 5.2.4.

Further, the ends of justice would be better served by allowing the
arbitration to proceed in precedence to OS 936/2017, as the latter is only
limited to the rejection of the proof of debt; the dispute between the parties
arising out of the T4 subcontract cannot be fully determined by OS 936/2017.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

JM Submissions at paras 5.3.1-5.3.3.

12 Furthermore, the Company was, and remained ready and willing to arbitrate.
Allegations made by Takenaka Corporation that there was a pattern of conduct
showing a lack of readiness or willingness to arbitrate were unfounded. The
present application was filed shortly after Takenaka Corporation raised
jurisdictional objections to the arbitration. APL, the parent company, has
also committed firmly to funding the Company’s participation in the
arbitration, and to indemnify the Judicial Managers against any cost orders.
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

JM Submissions at paras 6.2.1-6.2.5.

In any event, as noted in Sim Chay Koon v NTUC Income Insurance Co-operative
Ltd [2016] 2 SLR 871, cost savings or the subjective preference of one party
for litigation would not be sufficient grounds for the Court to refuse to
grant a stay in favour of arbitration. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

JM Submissions at para 6.2.3.

Takenaka Corporation’s case

13 Takenaka Corporation argued against a stay as the Company was not ready or
willing to do all things necessary for the proper conduct of the arbitration,
and other sufficient reasons existed for the matter not to be referred to
arbitration.

14 At the time of the commencement of OS 936/2017, it is said that the conduct
of the Judicial Managers was not consistent with them being ready or willing
to do all necessary things for the proper conduct of the arbitration. Both the
arbitration and the application to stay OS 936/2017 were not taken promptly.
The Judicial Managers did not act until the Court directed the Judicial
Managers to decide whether the disputes would be referred to arbitration by a
specific date. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Takenaka Corporation’s written submissions dated 12 January 2018 (“TC
submissions”) at para 22.

The Judicial Managers’ claim that they needed to firm up financing showed that
they were not ready. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

TC submissions at para 23.

Indeed, this showed that there was a lack of funding at the material time.
Even at the hearing for the present application, all that the Judicial
Managers had was a bald representation that APL had committed to fund the
Company’s participation in the arbitration, which provided no comfort. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

TC submissions at paras 25-26.

The stay application was also only taken up two months after the commencement
of OS 936/2017, and one month after the commencement of the arbitration. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

TC submissions at para 27.

No explanation was given for this delay. The Judicial Managers have also not
paid the Company’s share of the arbitration deposit. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

TC submissions at para 31.

15 Takenaka Corporation also argued that sufficient reasons existed for the
stay not to be granted. The Court should have direct and overall conduct of
all proceedings arising from the judicial management of the Company, including
the resolution of mutual claims between Takenaka Corporation and the Company.
The Judicial Managers in rejecting Takenaka Corporation’s proof of debt had
invoked the claims of the Company against Takenaka Corporation; it could not
be argued then that OS 936/2017 is merely limited to the proof of debt. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

TC submissions at para 39-42.

In addition, significant cost savings would be made if the dispute is resolved
by litigation rather than arbitration. Arbitration costs were estimated to be
high. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

TC submissions at paras 44-45.

No evidence was adduced to show a binding funding arrangement between APL and
the Company to see the arbitration to its conclusion. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

TC submissions at paras 46.

It was also not known if there were any cap to APL’s commitments. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

TC submissions at paras 47.

This is particularly dire in view of the fact that the Company is insolvent.

Decision

16 I determined that stay of OS 936/2017 should be granted as the requirements
of s 6 of the Arbitration Act were made out: there was no sufficient reason
why the dispute should not be referred to arbitration in accordance with the
arbitration agreement under the T4 subcontract, and the Company, through the
Judicial Managers, was ready and willing at the time of the commencement of
the proceedings to do all things necessary for the proper conduct of the
arbitration and remained so. I granted the stay subject to the condition that
payment of the deposit to SIAC be made by the Company by 31 January 2018 and
with liberty to apply if arbitration was not being diligently pursued. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NE at p 6.

Analysis

The law on stay of proceedings

17 Section 6(1) of the Arbitration Act permits any party to an arbitration
agreement to apply for a stay to a court in which proceedings are instated in
respect of a matter subject to the arbitration agreement. Under s 6(2), the
Court may stay proceedings if the Court is satisfied both that:

(a) There is no sufficient reason why the matter should not be referred to
arbitration in accordance with the arbitration agreement; and

(b) The applicant was, at the time when the proceedings were commenced, and
still remains, ready, and willing to do all things necessary to the proper
conduct of the arbitration.

The Court’s order may be made on such terms as the Court considers fit.

18 While the Court’s power to grant a stay in favour of arbitration under s 6
of the Arbitration Act is discretionary rather than mandatory, where the
applicant seeking a stay remains ready and willing to arbitrate, the Court
will only deny a stay in exceptional circumstances. As the High Court
explained in Maybank Kim Eng Securities Pte Ltd v Lim Keng Yong [2016] 3 SLR
431 (at [23]):

[I]t must be kept in mind that even though the court’s power to grant a stay
in favour of domestic arbitration under s 6 of the AA is discretionary, the
burden is on the party who wishes to proceed in court to “show sufficient
reason why the matter should not be referred to arbitration”. Assuming the
applicant is ready and willing to arbitrate, the court will only refuse a stay
in exceptional cases … This is in line with the desirability of holding the
parties to their agreement, as well as Singapore’s strong policy in favour of
arbitration … Hence, the courts should be slow to exercise the option of
allowing all the claims to proceed in court, including those governed by the
arbitration agreement. Certainly, the fact that there are related actions,
some governed by arbitration agreements and some not, is not in itself a
sufficient reason to sanction a breach of an arbitration clause and depart
from the policy in favour of arbitration.

Application of the arbitration agreement

19 The Judicial Managers argued that the arbitration agreement in the T4
subcontract clearly covered the dispute under OS 936/2017. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

JM submissions at paras 5.1.1-5.1.2.

Takenaka Corporation did not dispute the applicability of the Arbitration Act,
or that the dispute in OS 936/2017 fell within the scope of the arbitration
agreement. Rather, Takenaka Corporation’s focus was on making out that stay
should not be ordered as sufficient reasons existed for the matter not to be
sent to arbitration, and that the Company (or Judicial Managers) was not ready
and willing at the commencement of proceedings to do all things necessary for
the conduct of the arbitration and remained so.

Sufficient reason not to refer to arbitration

20 A broad range of factors is captured by the term “sufficient reason” (see
Fasi Paul Frank v Specialty Laboratories Asia Pte Ltd [1999] 1 SLR (R) 1138 at
[18]). This inquiry can be wide ranging, but the factors invoked should
outweigh the consideration that generally point to enforcing the arbitration
agreement, such as the fact that the parties had voluntarily bound themselves
to arbitrate, as recognised in Sim Chay Koon v NTUC Income Insurance Co-
operative Ltd [2016] 2 SLR 871.

21 Takenaka Corporation argued that it is necessary for the Court to exercise
overall supervision and oversight of all proceedings and matters arising from
the judicial management of the Company, as OS 936/2017 is linked to mutual
claims by the parties and the potential clawback actions. In the event that
the matter is not stayed, there would also be, it is said, significant cost
savings as well as avoidance of uncertainty and risk of prejudice from the
Company possibly running out funds to pursue the arbitration.

22 The Judicial Managers on the other hand argued that there is no sufficient
reason why the dispute in OS 936/2017 should not be referred to arbitration.
The Judicial Managers argued that only a bare assertion has been made by
Takenaka Corporation that the determination of the claim in OS 936/2017 would
have a bearing on the Company’s assets and clawback actions. Stay should not
be denied simply because the litigation proceedings are linked to the judicial
management as a whole and to potential clawback actions, as this would mean
that any dispute in respect of a company undergoing judicial management would
not be arbitrable. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

JM submissions at paras 5.2.4-5.2.5.

OS 936/2017 also cannot fully determine the issues between the parties arising
out of the subcontract, as OS 936/2017 is only an appeal against the rejection
of Takenaka Corporation’s proof of debt, and cannot address the Company’s
counterclaims against Takenaka Corporation. In contrast, the claims by the
respective parties would be fully adjudicated in the arbitration. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

JM submissions at paras 5.3.1-5.3.3.

23 I was not persuaded that there was anything much to be gained by the
Court’s supervision and oversight if the matter proceeded instead of being
stayed in favour of arbitration. I accepted the Judicial Managers’ argument
that not all aspects of the dispute between the parties would be canvassed if
the court proceedings were to be pursued; in contrast, the arbitration would
cover the claim and counterclaim between the parties. It may be that there are
other areas that are covered neither by OS 936/2017 or the arbitration, but
that does not rob the arbitration of the advantage it has over the proof of
debt.

24 Takenaka Corporation argued that as its proof of debt was rejected because
of the set-off from other claims that the Company had against Takenaka
Corporation, those other claims were thus linked to OS 936/2017, and therefore
court oversight would be beneficial. However, this argument could not be taken
as far as Takenaka Corporation hoped. While it may be that the existence of
other claims may have led to the rejection of the proof of debt, this fact did
not expand the scope of OS 936/2017, which, as argued by the Judicial
Managers, was still limited to the question of such rejection only, and there
could not be any determination of the other claims. Additionally, Takenaka
Corporation could not identify any specific advantages that were to be gained
by the Court’s oversight. It may be that court proceedings may ultimately lead
to a faster resolution of the entire bundle of disputes between the parties,
but that alone could not provide sufficient reason for the Court to disregard
the parties’ agreement to arbitrate.

25 In addition, I was doubtful of Takenaka Corporation’s argument that it
would be better for the Court to have oversight, given the ongoing Judicial
Management and other proceedings, including the potential clawback action.
These matters are related, and it may be that there will be impact by one on
the other. Indeed, the rejection of the proof of debt was tied to the
counterclaims by the Company against Takenaka Corporation. But such linkage
does not by itself require overview by the Court and the displacement of
arbitration. Even if the dispute would be more efficiently resolved through
litigation rather than arbitration, greater efficiency alone is not a reason
to displace arbitration: the parties’ choice in agreeing to arbitrate would
mean that they would be taken to have considered the possibility that
arbitration may not proceed as speedily or as efficiently as court-managed
cases.

26  I noted that Takenaka Corporation cited Tomolugen Holdings Ltd v Silica
Investors Ltd [2016] 1 SLR 373 (“Tomolugen”) (at [186] and [188]) for the
proposition that the Court needs to find a balance that serves the ends of
justice between a plaintiff’s right to choose where he wants to sue, the
Court’s desire to prevent circumvention of the operation of an arbitration
agreement, and the Court’s inherent case management power. Tomolugen was a
case concerned with the management of multiple proceedings and parties as the
arbitration clause in question only applied to one part of a larger dispute in
the court proceedings. In contrast, as I found above, not all aspects of the
dispute between the parties in the present case would be canvassed if
litigation were to be pursued since the court proceeding is limited to the
issue of the proof of debt; on the other hand, the arbitration would cover the
claim and counterclaim between the parties. In any event, I was of the view
that granting the stay was aligned with the ends of justice in the present
case, as it was not established that the advantages to be gained from court
oversight and case management, if any, were such as to outweigh the need to
give effect to the parties’ intention embodied in the arbitration agreement,
in the context of Singapore’s strong policy in favour of arbitration.

Ready and willing to arbitrate

27 Takenaka Corporation argued that the evidence showed that the Company was
not ready or willing to do all things necessary for the conduct of the
arbitration when OS 936/2017 was commenced, and remained so at the hearing of
the present application. The Company, it was said, failed to promptly commence
arbitration or to stay OS 936/2017, and the Judicial Managers also delayed the
adjudication of the proof of debt and was slow in pursuing clawback claims.
The Court had to in fact intervene to direct Judicial Managers to decide if
the matter was to be referred to arbitration. As the Judicial Managers claimed
that the delay was because they were firming up funds, it could not be said
that the Company was ready and willing to do all things necessary for the
proper conduct of arbitration. The Company’s readiness is conditional on its
ability to secure funding. The Judicial Managers have nothing to substantiate
its position that APL had firmly committed to fund the arbitration. Even at
the time of the hearing, it had not paid its share of the first deposit to the
SIAC. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

TC submissions at paras 20-36.

28 The Judicial Managers responded that their conduct could not be impugned.
No finding of impropriety was made by the Court in respect of Takenaka
Corporation’s previous application in SUM 4023/2017 for, inter alia, a third
Judicial Manager to be appointed. Any possible prejudice to Takenaka
Corporation from the conduct of the Judicial Management has also been
addressed by the appointment of the third judicial manager. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

JM submissions at para 5.2.

Further, any delay in commencing the arbitration arose solely out of the need
to secure funding, and the Company did proceed to pursue its claim
expeditiously once such funding was secured. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

JM submissions para 6.1.

29 I accepted the evidence of the Judicial Managers that they were trying to
secure funds, which was a necessary task given the insolvency or near
insolvency of the Company. I do not read the statutory requirement that the
party seeking a stay be ready and willing at the commencement of the
proceedings and remain so at time of the hearing to pursue arbitration as
imposing an obligation to pursue arbitration immediately and without any time
for preparation. Rather, the objective of the requirement is to ensure that
arbitration is not merely a theoretical possibility, and that there is a
genuine intention to pursue it. Any delay here was not such as to show that
the Company was not ready and willing to do all things necessary for the
proper conduct of the arbitration and remained so.

30 As for the argument that insufficient assurance has been given even at the
point of the hearing that the Company will be able to bear the costs of the
arbitration if they lose, APL’s letter of indemnity which was tendered to the
Court gave sufficient certainty.

31 In any event, the possibility that the party seeking arbitration is not
good for any adverse cost order is not in itself a ground to deny a stay in
favour of arbitration. A party remains ready and willing so long as it is in
position to pursue the arbitration. Neither statute nor case law requires that
that party be in a position to pay for the costs that may be incurred by the
other side. Exercising the Court’s discretion against a stay in such a
situation would not give sufficient weight to the binding nature of the
arbitration agreement entered into by the parties, who would have been
expected to have factored in the risk of non-reimbursement of costs following
arbitration in their choice to arbitrate their disputes.

Conclusion

32 For the above reasons, I allowed the stay. Costs were ordered in favour of
the Judicial Managers.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

Yeo Boon Tat (instructed counsel) (M Pillay) for the applicant in OS 936/2017;  
Fong Zhiwei, Daryl (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the respondents in OS 936/2017.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

