Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 135

Criminal Case No 10 of 2017

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

BPK  
---  
  
Grounds of Decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Attempted murder]  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

BPK

[2018] SGHC 135

High Court — Criminal Case No 10 of 2017  
Woo Bih Li J  
23, 30 April 2018

4 June 2018

Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 On 14 February 2018, the Accused was convicted of the Charge which was
framed under s 307(1) of the PC for attempted murder causing hurt:

YOU ARE CHARGED …

That you …

on the 20th day of December 2013, at about 8.30 a.m., at the void deck of [the
Block], did inflict multiple stab and slash wounds to [the Victim] on her
head, neck, chest, abdomen, back and arms with a knife measuring about 33 cm,
with such intention and under such circumstances that, if by that act you had
caused the death of the [Victim], you would have been guilty of murder, and by
such act you did cause hurt to the [Victim], and you have thereby committed an
offence punishable under Section 307(1) of the Penal Code (Chapter 224, 2008
Revised Edition).

2 The background to the offence has been set out in detail in Public
Prosecutor v BPK [2018] SGHC 34 (“the Judgment”) and I will not repeat it
here. There, issues relating to the Accused’s capacity to form mens rea at the
material time, his factual intention at that time, and the partial defence of
provocation have also been discussed. For reasons stated in the Judgment, I
found that the Prosecution had proven the Charge beyond a reasonable doubt and
that the partial defence of provocation was not made out.

3 On 30 April 2018, having heard the parties’ submissions, I sentenced the
Accused to 14 years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane. The term of
imprisonment was backdated to 21 December 2013. These are my grounds of
decision. For ease of reference, I adopt the abbreviations used in the
Judgment.

Submissions on sentence

4 The Prosecution urged the Court to impose a sentence of at least 14 years’
imprisonment and six strokes of the cane, based on the following:

(a) The paramount sentencing considerations in this case were deterrence, both
general and specific, as well as retribution. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 8.

In particular, general deterrence was needed for offences such as the present
which was committed in anger and out of vengeance. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Prosecution’s Further Submissions at paras 11–14.

(b) There were several aggravating factors including that:

(i) the offence was premeditated; 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at paras 19–20.

(ii) the offence was committed in a public place and caused public disquiet; 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at paras 21–23.

(iii) the assault was particularly vicious and violent; 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at paras 24–30.

and

(iv) the assault had long term implications on the Victim’s well-being. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at paras 31–33.

(c) As a matter of precedent, the present case warranted a heavier sentence
than that imposed in Public Prosecutor v Ravindran Annamalai [2013] SGHC 77
(“Ravindran”), 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at paras 40–51.

which was to date the only case under s 307(1) of the PC since the amendment
of the provision in 2007. In this regard, cases under s 304(a) of the PC for
culpable homicide not amounting to murder were not appropriate precedents. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at paras 52–55.

(d) The sentence urged was justifiable based on the Prosecution’s proposed
sentencing framework for attempted murder. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Prosecution’s Further Submissions at paras 23–30.

5 The Defence submitted that the appropriate sentence was no more than eight
years’ imprisonment 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Defence’s Submissions at para 2.

with no caning, or alternatively, not more than two strokes of the cane. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Defence’s Further Submissions at para 12.

The following main arguments were made:

(a) Deterrence, whether general or specific, did not have a role in the
present case. Retribution had been met by the fact, amongst other things, that
the Accused was going to “pay[] very heavily for the sin he was drawn into”.
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defence’s Submissions at paras 30–32.

Mercy should therefore be shown to him.

(b) The following factors should be taken into account:

(i) The assault arose in the context of a relationship between the Accused and
the Victim where the Victim was “essentially having fun at [the Accused’s]
emotional expense”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defence’s Submissions at paras 15–18.

(ii) The location of the offence was fortuitous, and there was no evidence of
public alarm or threat to public safety. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defence’s Submissions at para 28.

(iii) The Accused was remorseful, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defence’s Submissions at paras 19–24.

had no antecedents, and was of good character. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defence’s Submissions at para 13.

(iv) A long custodial term would cause hardship to the Accused’s parents. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defence’s Submissions at para 25.

(v) The likelihood that the Accused would be repatriated upon his release from
prison was itself punishment for him. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defence’s Submissions at para 29.

(c) As for the precedents, the Defence relied on Public Prosecutor v Seng Inn
Thye [2003] SGHC 88 (“Seng Inn Thye”) which it argued remained relevant even
though this was decided before the 2007 amendments to s 307 of the PC. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defence’s Submissions at para 34.

It further argued that Ravindran, which was the precedent cited by the
Prosecution, was factually distinguishable from the present case. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defence’s Submissions at paras 35–36.

My decision

6 Section 307(1) of the PC provides for the offence of attempted murder:

Attempt to murder

307.—(1) Whoever does any act with such intention or knowledge and under such
circumstances that if he by that act caused death he would be guilty of
murder, shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 15
years, and shall also be liable to fine; and if hurt is caused to any person
by such act, the offender shall be liable either to imprisonment for life, or
to imprisonment for a term which may extend to 20 years, and shall also be
liable to caning or fine or both.

Illustrations

(a) A shoots at Z with intention to kill him, under such circumstances that,
if death ensued, A would be guilty of murder. A is liable to punishment under
this section.

(b) A, with intention of causing the death of a child of tender years, throws
the child into a river. A has committed the offence defined by this section,
although the death of the child does not ensue.

(c) A, intending to murder Z, buys a gun and loads it. A has not yet committed
the offence. A fires the gun at Z. He has committed the offence defined in
this section; and if by such firing he wounds Z, he is liable to the
punishment provided by the latter part of this section.

(d) A, intending to murder Z by poison, purchases poison and mixes the same
with food which remains in A’s keeping; A has not yet committed the offence
defined in this section. A places the food on Z’s table or delivers it to Z’s
servants to place it on Z’s table. A has committed the offence defined in this
section.

7 As I observed in the Judgment at [322], s 307(1) of the PC has two limbs.
The first limb provides that for attempted murder simpliciter, the accused
“shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 15 years,
and shall also be liable to fine”. The second limb provides that for attempted
murder causing hurt, the accused “shall be liable to either imprisonment for
life, or to imprisonment for a term which may extend to 20 years, and shall
also be liable to caning or fine or both”. In the present case, the Charge was
brought and the Accused was convicted under the second limb of s 307(1) of the
PC.

Sentencing considerations

8 In my judgment, the paramount sentencing considerations in the present case
were general deterrence and retribution.

9 Specific deterrence was not totally irrelevant. The Prosecution submitted
that an enhanced sentence accounting for specific deterrence was necessary for
the following reasons: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 15.

(a) It is necessary to remind the Accused that using violence out of anger and
for vengeance would not be condoned.

(b) The Accused had admitted at several instances in his police statements
that he had wanted to kill the Victim.

(c) The Accused’s belief that the Victim owed him fidelity “expose[d] his
perverse sense of entitlement”.

10 I agreed that the first reason was a factor to be taken into account. While
it was true that the Accused’s strong feelings had arisen out of his romantic
relationship with the Victim, this was not to say that he would never have
another romantic relationship or be in a situation where his strong emotions
may again be stirred. That said, insofar as the Accused was not a local
citizen or permanent resident, he would likely be repatriated at the end of
his sentence, and this militated against giving paramount consideration to
specific deterrence (see Zhao Zhipeng v Public Prosecutor [2008] 4 SLR(R) 879
at [28]). As for the second reason, the Accused’s admissions in his statements
were evidential points with little, if any, relevance to sentencing. I also
did not agree that the Accused by desiring fidelity from the Victim (whether
rightly or wrongly) could be characterised as having a “perverse sense of
entitlement”, or that such entitlement would in itself warrant a sentence for
specific deterrence. In the broader context, it was not shown that the Accused
was recalcitrant or had a higher propensity for reoffending. Thus, specific
deterrence, while relevant, was not a paramount sentencing consideration.

11 General deterrence was necessary to send the important signal that the law
would not condone violence as a solution to problems, however personal they
may be, and however angry or justified one might feel. The Defence argued that
in Singapore it was “not a common phenomenon that someone will murder his or
her lover whenever there is love failure”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defence’s Submissions at para 31.

It was not clear that violent crimes arising out of lovers’ disputes were as
uncommon as assumed by the Defence. In any event, the focus here was on the
law’s expectation of self-restraint even in moments of grave anger and in
relation to disputes of a personal nature, and this reminder was relevant to
more than just the Accused. As the Court of Appeal in Public Prosecutor v
Leong Soon Kheong [2009] 4 SLR(R) 63 stated (at [61]), “[n]o one is entitled
to exact violence in order to seek redress for grievances whether real or
imagined.”

12 Retribution was also important to address the Accused’s highly culpable
state of mind at the time of the offence, and to vindicate the Victim’s
interests given the extensive injuries that she suffered as a result of the
assault, some of which were life-threatening and/or permanent. The Defence
asked for mercy on the basis that the Accused would “pay[] with his future,
the dishonourable name that he has earned for his family and the hardship that
had befallen on his parents and dependants.” 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defence’s Submissions at para 32.

I was not persuaded. Retributive justice required that, within the limits of
proportionality, the punishment imposed must reflect and befit the gravity of
one’s crime. None of the factors raised by the Defence was relevant to the
Accused’s culpability or the harm caused. As for their significance as
offender-specific mitigating factors, I will elaborate more on this later (see
[31]–[34] below).

Sentencing factors

13 I turn now to explain my consideration of the sentencing factors applicable
in this case. In this regard, I will focus first on the offence-specific
factors, which relate to the manner and mode in which the offence was
committed and which would assist the Court in assessing the twin factors of
culpability and harm, before turning to the offender-specific factors, which
are personal to the offender and relate to his particular personal
circumstances (see Ng Kean Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449
at [39]; Logachev Vladislav v Public Prosecutor [2018] SGHC 12 (“Logachev”) at
[34]–[36]).

Offence-specific factors

14 In relation to the harm caused by the offence, I noted at the outset that
the Victim had suffered extensive injuries as a result of the assault, some of
which were life-threatening and/or permanent. These injuries were tabulated in
the Judgment at [285] as follows:

Region| Injury  
---|---  
Head and neck| • 2cm wound at the right supra-clavicular region• 10cm wound at
the right neck• 2.5cm wound at left neck with ear lobe and inferior ear
incised• 3cm wound at the chin• 4cm wound at the right base of neck• 3cm wound
at left neck trapezium region with a separate 2cm wound parallel and a 2cm
wound perpendicular to it  
Chest and abdomen| • 3cm wound at the right upper abdomen• 2 separate wounds –
3cm and 1cm at the right upper chest• Wound at the left lumbar L3 region with
hematoma• Wound at the right scapular region  
Right upper limb| • 3 parallel wounds at the right shoulder (9cm, 3cm, and
5cm) • 3cm wound at the right biceps region  
Left upper limb| • 3 parallel wounds at the left shoulder (3cm, 6cm, and 3cm)•
6cm wound at the left posterior deltoid region• 5cm wound at the left biceps
region• 2 parallel T-shaped lesions at the left biceps (4cm and 3cm) • 3cm
open wound at the left dorsal wrist• 3cm open wound at the dorsum 3rd finger
metacarpophalangeal joint• 3cm wound at the left hypothenar eminence• Wound at
the base of the thumb  
Right lower limb| • 2 separate wounds on the right hip (8cm at the right
lateral hip and 8cm L-shaped wound at the right hip)  
  
15 In the present case, it was not disputed that there were serious injuries
which were life-threatening. As I noted in the Judgment at [303], Dr Thomas
Loh, the specialist involved in the management of the wounds on the Victim’s
head and neck, had testified that without medical intervention in the form of
haemostasis and ligation, the Victim would have continued to bleed and
eventually gone into a life-threatening haemorrhagic shock. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE Day 1 (31 January 2017), p 27, lines 8–13.

The parties also agreed that, at the very least, the Victim’s injuries fell
within the definition of grievous hurt under s 320(h) of the PC which provides
for “any hurt which endangers life, or which causes the sufferer to be, during
the space of 20 days, in severe bodily pain, or unable to follow his ordinary
pursuits”. Fortunately, due to the timely intervention by the doctors, the
Victim was saved.

16 Also fortunately, the Victim was not permanently incapacitated. I say this,
however, only in an attenuated sense, because while the Victim was able to
continue with her job and most other aspects of her life, some of her injuries
were permanent. For instance, the assault left multiple scars on the Victim.
According to the Victim Impact Statement, this negatively impacted her
confidence. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Victim Impact Statement at para 10.

In particular, because her occupation required her to tie her hair up, that
revealed the scar on her neck to persons who met her and invited probing
questions about the traumatising assault. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE Day 5 (9 February 2017), p 48, lines 15–20.

As a result of injuries to her left facial nerve, the Victim also had
difficulties smiling, talking, and closing her left eye properly. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Victim Impact Statement at para 3.

Emotionally, the Victim has had difficulties sleeping, flashbacks of the
incident, irrational fear, and she no longer felt safe being alone. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Victim Impact Statement at paras 5–6.

In my view, it was clear that the assault had long term implications on the
Victim’s well-being. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at paras 31–33.

17 Further, I should add that while the extent of the injuries caused went
primarily towards the indicium of harm, it was also indicative of the
Accused’s culpability. As Sundaresh Menon CJ explained in Logachev, the
categorisation of sentencing factors under the rubric of harm and culpability
“is simply intended to provide a convenient framework … [n]ot too much should
be made of the labels … and the categories may not always be watertight” (at
[38]). In this regard, the following passage of the Judgement (at [290]) was
relevant:

Looking at the injuries suffered by the Victim, the Accused had struck
repeatedly, relentlessly, and forcefully at several parts of the Victim’s
body, including her head and neck region which are vulnerable. The Accused
initiated his attack against the Victim while she was standing, and continued
to strike at her even after she had fallen to the ground. By the Accused’s own
account, he must have used significant force as he had caused the tip of the
knife blade to bend when he missed a strike and the knife hit the floor. Even
until the Victim’s father came to the Victim’s aid at the scene, the Accused
was positioned on top of the Victim with a knife and was about to strike at
the Victim. According to the father’s testimony, the Accused only stopped his
assault when the father pushed him, causing him to drop the knife and flee the
scene. [internal references and citations omitted]

18 After bearing in mind the need to avoid double-counting a sentencing factor
or giving it undue weight, I was of the view that some weight should still be
given to the relentless nature of the Accused’s attack on the Victim in
assessing his culpability.

19 As for the other indicia of the Accused’s culpability, I was of the view
that the primary factor was the finding that the Accused had harboured an
intention to kill the Victim at the material time. As I explained in the
Judgment at [126], drawing from s 300 of the PC providing for the offence of
murder, there were four alternative limbs of mens rea under s 307(1) of the PC
for attempted murder, which may be summarised as follows:

(a) intention to cause death (s 300(a));

(b) intention to cause such bodily injury as the accused knows to be likely to
cause the death of the person to whom the harm is caused (s 300(b));

(c) intention to cause bodily injury to any person, and the bodily injury
intended to be inflicted is sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to
cause death (s 300(c)); and

(d) knowledge that his act is so imminently dangerous that it must in all
probability cause death, or such bodily injury as is likely to cause death (s
300(d)).

20 The Accused’s intention to kill the Victim at the material time of the
offence represented the most culpable of the states of mens rea. This
suggested a high degree of culpability which should be reflected in the
sentence imposed.

21 Further, I also considered it aggravating that the Accused had used a
deadly weapon and, relatedly, that he had to some extent pre-planned the
assault on the Victim. In the Judgment, I held that the Accused did possess
the requisite intention to kill the Victim at the material time of the
offence. In fact, the night before the offence, the Accused had taken a knife
of around 33cm from his kitchen and hidden it in his right sock before
subsequently proceeding to look for the Victim at the Block (see the Judgment
at [45], [59], [69] and [313]). The Prosecution’s submission was that the
Accused had gone to the Block “for the sole purpose of killing [the Victim]”.
30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 45(a).

On the evidence, it was not clear whether the Accused had formed the intention
to kill the Victim at the time he took the knife or sometime later before he
assaulted her. Even if it was the latter, I was of the view that he had at
least formed an intention to injure the Victim when he took the knife and hid
it. As I explained in the Judgment at [308]–[319], I was not persuaded that
the Accused had spontaneously committed the offence upon having sight of an
allegedly provocative wallpaper on the Victim’s handphone immediately prior to
the assault.

22 On that premise, the fact that the Accused had taken preparatory steps to
give effect to his intention to injure the Victim should be considered an
aggravating factor, even though the Charge and conviction were on the basis
that he had an intention to kill at the material time of the assault. The two
states of mind were highly proximate and both involved the use of physical
violence against the Victim. Further, the preparatory steps taken evidenced
that the Accused had acted with deliberation rather than out of a momentary
lapse in judgment.

23 I also considered relevant the fact that the offence had caused public
disquiet. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at paras 21–23.

The assault took place at the void deck of the Block. In the Judgment, I noted
that a total of 15 First Information Reports had been lodged on 20 December
2013 by members of the public in relation to the assault (at [54]). These
reports illustrated varying degrees of alarm and distress. For instance, one
of the unrelated witnesses stated that he had been sleeping in his room when
he heard “a female voice screaming hysterically”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AB49.

The screaming stopped momentarily, and then resumed about ten seconds later.
From the window of his flat, the witness could see the Victim lying on the
floor of the void deck with “blood all over the upper part of her body”, and
the Accused sitting on her body and hitting her. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AB49.

24 The Defence submitted that the location of the offence was “not a usual
place of public entertainment”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defence’s Submissions at para 28.

This submission missed the point. It was not the nature or characterisation of
the place itself that was aggravating; it was the fact that members of the
public had been alarmed and the peace of the neighbourhood had been disturbed.
In this regard, Chao Hick Tin JA stated as follows in Public Prosecutor v Ong
Chee Heng [2017] 5 SLR 876 at [45]:

In my judgment, the fact that an offence – particularly a violence-related
offence – is committed in a public place will be an aggravating factor if it
causes public fear and alarm (as Rajah J considered in [Tan Kay Beng v Public
Prosecutor [2006] 4 SLR(R) 10 (“Tan Kay Beng”)] at [25]) and/or if it poses a
threat to the health and safety of the public (as Tay JC found in [Public
Prosecutor v Muhamad Hasik bin Sahar [2002] 1 SLR(R) 1069]). I agreed with
Rajah J’s view in Tan Kay Beng (at [25]) that the location where the offence
in question is committed is often a relevant sentencing consideration but it
need not invariably be so. What is required is an assessment of whether, on
the facts and circumstances of the case and having regard to the nature of the
offence committed, the conduct of the accused had the potential to cause fear
and alarm and/or to pose a danger to the public given the particular location
at which it occurred. I would also add that the fact that an offender chooses
to commit the offence in a public place is a factor that may enhance his
culpability in so far as it demonstrates the brazenness of his conduct and his
blatant disregard for law and order. [emphasis in original]

25 I agreed with the view expressed. In the present case, it was true that
fortunately no one else was in an immediate danger of bodily harm except
perhaps the Victim’s father, who was not initially present but later rushed
down to the scene upon hearing the Victim’s cries for help and pushed the
Accused away from her (see Judgment at [42]). However, that did not wholly
negate the aggravating aspect of this factor. Indeed, public disquiet was not
only a potentiality here; it was a fact supported by the evidence. The
Defence’s attempt to characterise the unrelated witnesses as “curious
onlookers” was an understatement. If it was all indeed pure curiosity, why
would there have been 15 reports to the police?

26 In this regard, I also could not accept the Defence’s submission that no
aggravating weight should attach to this factor because the location was “just
fortuitous”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defence’s Submissions at para 28.

As a matter of fact, even though there was no evidence that the Accused had
intended to cause public disquiet, it was the Accused himself who had chosen
to confront the Victim at the void deck of the Block. This was not a chance
encounter or a reverse situation where the Victim had confronted the Accused.

27 As for the offence-specific mitigating factors, I had found in the Judgment
at [304]–[321] that there was no provocation from the Victim amounting to the
partial defence of grave and sudden provocation within the meaning of
Exception 1 to s 300 of the PC. I accepted that there was some relationship
between the Accused and the Victim in which it could be said that she had led
him on somewhat. This the Victim did not deny and in fact candidly admitted to
(see Judgment at [15]). However, even if this could in law be mitigating, I
did not consider this to be a mitigating factor on the facts. The Victim had
made it clear to the Accused that she was ending their relationship sometime
before the assault on 20 December 2013. Further, I had expressed doubts in the
Judgment at [308]–[319] as to whether, immediately prior to the offence, the
Accused had in fact taken the Victim’s handphone from her hand and seen the
allegedly provocative wallpaper of the Victim and another man as he claimed.
In this context, I was of the view that no conduct on the part of the Victim
and nothing in the nature of their relationship could mitigate the Accused’s
culpability or the seriousness of the offence.

28 Insofar as the Defence appeared to be suggesting that the “frenzied” attack
by the Accused meant that he had acted in a moment of passion which should
“ameliorat[e] the harshness of the sentence”, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defence’s Further Submissions at para 7.

I also did not accept this as a mitigating factor. Even taking the Defence’s
argument at face value, it ran against the Court of Appeal’s decision in
Public Prosecutor v BDB [2018] 1 SLR 127 which held that, as a general rule,
the commission of an offence out of anger or strong emotions is not mitigating
as the law expects one to be in control of his emotions and conduct even in
moments of grave anger.

29 In the circumstances, I considered that there were the following offence-
specific aggravating factors and no offence-specific mitigating factors:

(a) the Victim suffered extensive injuries, some of which were life-
threatening and/or permanent;

(b) the Accused had harboured an intention to kill the Victim at the material
time;

(c) the Accused had committed the offence using a deadly weapon;

(d) the Accused had struck at the Victim repeatedly, relentlessly, and
forcefully in a particularly violent and vicious manner;

(e) the Accused had to some extent pre-planned the assault on the Victim; and

(f) the offence had caused public disquiet.

Offender-specific factors

30 In relation to the offender-specific sentencing factors, no aggravating
factors were identified by the parties and none was apparent to the Court.

31 As for the mitigating factors, the Defence submitted that the Accused’s
lack of antecedents and good character were “mitigating”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defence’s Submissions at para 13.

The Prosecution did not challenge this point. It appeared that the courts’
approach to the effect on sentence of an absence of antecedents had not been
entirely consistent (see Benny Tan, “An Offender’s Lack of Antecedents: A
Closer Look at its Role in Sentencing”, Singapore Law Gazette (May 2015)).
This may require closer examination on another occasion. In the present case,
whether or not the absence of antecedents could itself be considered
mitigating, I did not think much credit could be given to the Accused given my
finding that there had been some degree of pre-planning in relation to the
offence. The Accused thus could not claim to have acted merely in a momentary
lapse in judgment. The fact that the Accused’s employer had described him as
having “good character” must also be taken in context: she was testifying as
to the Accused’s punctuality and satisfactory work performance (see Judgment
at [158] and [234]). These were not relevant factors to be accounted for in
sentencing in the present case.

32 The Defence also stressed that the Accused was remorseful. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defence’s Submissions at paras 19–24.

I accepted that, factually, the Accused had cried after the assault and had
consistently stated in his police statements that he was apologetic. However,
it is trite that “remorse” is only mitigating if it is motivated by genuine
contriteness or regret. In this case, the Accused had to some extent pre-
planned the assault, was caught red-handed, faced an overwhelming amount of
evidence against him, and did not plead guilty (which was not an aggravating
factor but meant that he could not use the guilty plea as evidence of his
remorse). In these circumstances, no weight could be given to his apparent
expressions of remorse.

33 Other factors raised by the Defence included the dishonour that the
Accused’s parents would suffer in their hometown 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defence’s Submissions at para 18.

and the hardship that would be caused to his family members who were
financially dependent on him. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defence’s Submissions at para 25.

While the Court was not unsympathetic to these concerns, they did not
constitute mitigating factors.

34 The likelihood that the Accused would be repatriated upon his release from
prison was a factor I considered in holistically determining whether the
sentence needed to be enhanced on account of specific deterrence (see [10]
above), but this did not constitute an independent mitigating factor. Whether
the Accused would be repatriated or not was an extra-judicial decision which
bore no relation to the Accused’s culpability or the harm that the Victim
suffered. Neither principle nor precedent supported giving the Accused
specific credit for this.

35 In the circumstances, I was of the view that there was no operative
offender-specific factor in the present case, whether of an aggravating or
mitigating nature.

Precedents

36 Having identified the operative sentencing factors, I turn now to the
precedents. In this regard, the Prosecution relied on Ravindran while the
Defence cited Seng Inn Thye. I will discuss them in turn.

37 Ravindran was a recent decision of the High Court involving the physical
and sexual abuse by the offender of a victim who worked as a domestic helper
in a neighbouring flat. The brief facts were as follows. The offender switched
off the circuit box of the neighbouring flat to lure the victim out of her
house. After briefly conversing with the victim, the offender pushed her into
the flat and raped her. After the rape, the victim broke free and tried to
escape, but she was caught by the offender and raped for the second time.
Thereafter, the offender attempted to kill the victim by strangling her with
his hands and a raffia string. The offender only stopped when the victim fell
unconscious. As a result of the strangulation, the victim suffered bruises and
abrasions on her neck, a haemorrhage in the sclera of the right eye, and
medial congestion of the left eye. The force of strangulation was so strong
that the victim suffered urinary incontinence.

38 The offender claimed trial to the five charges brought against him, being
two counts of rape, one count of attempted murder, one count of voluntarily
causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means, and one count of house-trespass
with preparation to assault. Chan Seng Onn J convicted the offender on all
five charges and sentenced him to an aggregate term of 27 years’ imprisonment
and 24 strokes of the cane. In relation to the sentence for the offence of
attempted murder, Chan J sentenced the offender to 12 years’ imprisonment and
six strokes of the cane (at [75]):

… I took into account the fact that the accused had brought the raffia string
with him and had used it to strangle [the victim] until she was unconscious
and to such a degree of oxygen deprivation that she suffered urinary
incontinence. He had intended to kill her by strangulation to prevent her from
identifying him as the perpetrator of the rape, and fortunately for the
accused, she survived. If it were otherwise, he would be facing the death
penalty. In the circumstances, I sentenced the accused to 12 years’
imprisonment and 6 strokes of the cane in respect of the Amended Third Charge.

39 I should note at the outset that at the time of my decision, Ravindran was
apparently the only case involving attempted murder under s 307(1) of the PC
since the amendment of the provision in 2007. I will explain the relevant
statutory amendments later (see [45]–[48] below).

40 In my view, there were two main distinguishing factors between Ravindran
and the present case. One, the extent of the injuries in the present case was
significantly greater in number and severity. Indeed, some of the Victim’s
injuries were permanent and could not be concealed. There was no evidence of
harm of such a nature or degree in Ravindran. Two, the element of public
disquiet caused in the present case at the time of the offence was not
operative in Ravindran.

41 These factors warranted a heavier sentence in the present case than that
imposed in Ravindran.

42 I turn now to Seng Inn Thye on which the Defence relied. Here, the offender
had taken a fruit knife to confront his ex-wife. The ex-wife said “if you want
to kill me, you can kill me” and “come, come”. The offender then stabbed the
ex-wife a total of 14 times. Although most of the wounds were superficial, one
of them was “potentially life threatening”. The ex-wife was hospitalised for
eight days. The offender was found to be remorseful. He surrendered himself
and was diagnosed by a psychiatrist of the Woodbridge Hospital to be suffering
from a “recurrent depressive disorder”.

43 The offender pleaded guilty to one count of attempted murder. Choo Han Teck
J sentenced him to five years’ imprisonment and four strokes of the cane,
taking into account (a) the severity of the assault and the pain and danger he
had put the ex-wife through, (b) his “struggle against his mental illness”,
(c) that he may not have committed the offence “in a cooler hour”, (d) that he
did not plan to stalk her with the intention of killing her, and (e) his
hitherto unblemished record.

44 The Defence relied on this case as an analogous precedent. I did not agree.
At the outset, I noted that Seng Inn Thye was decided in April 2003. At that
time, s 307 had not yet been amended to its current version and the statutory
sentencing range was materially different:

Attempt to murder

307.—(1) Whoever does any act with such intention or knowledge and under such
circumstances that if he by that act caused death he would be guilty of
murder, shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 10
years, and shall also be liable to fine; and if hurt is caused to any person
by such act, the offender shall be liable either to imprisonment for life, or
to such punishment as is hereinbefore mentioned and shall also be liable to
caning.

…

Other offences by convicts

(2) When any person offending under this section is under sentence of
imprisonment for life, he may, if hurt is caused, be punished with death.

45 In relation to attempted murder causing hurt (as opposed to attempted
murder simpliciter), the pre-2007 statutory sentencing range under s 307(1)
was mandatory imprisonment for life or up to ten years, and liability for
caning. After a comprehensive review of the Penal Code in 2007, s 307(1) was
amended by the Penal Code (Amendment) Act 2007 (No 51 of 2007) to provide for
a statutory sentencing range of mandatory imprisonment for life or up to 20
years, and liability for caning and/or fine (see [6] above). Insofar as the
imprisonment term, apart from imprisonment for life, was concerned, the
maximum statutory sentence was doubled.

46 I pause to note that although the decision in Seng Inn Thye did not itself
clarify, the charge there was presumably brought for attempted murder causing
hurt, rather than attempted murder simpliciter, since caning was in fact
imposed by the High Court.

47 In my view, the 2007 legislative change to s 307(1) was a significant
development. In this regard, I agreed with the views expressed by Chao Hick
Tin JA in the High Court decision in Keeping Mark John v Public Prosecutor
[2017] 5 SLR 627 at [28]:

It is true that the maximum sentence prescribed for an offence is generally
indicative of its seriousness. It also follows that an increase in the maximum
sentence for an offence is an indication that Parliament intended that the
offence should thereafter attract heavier sentences, and the courts should
reflect that intention in their sentencing decisions. However, such a change
does not automatically have a conclusive effect, especially when Parliament
states otherwise (see Kow Keng Siong, Sentencing Principles in Singapore
(Academy Publishing, 2009) at paras 5.008–5.010).

48 In relation to s 307(1), there was no known contrary Parliamentary
intention that, assuming all else remained equal, this increase in the maximum
statutory sentence should not be given effect to by generally heavier
sentences imposed by the courts.

49 Furthermore, quite apart from the legislative amendment, the present facts
were significantly more serious than those in Seng Inn Thye. First, it
appeared that the offender in Seng Inn Thye had reacted spontaneously to the
ex-wife’s taunts. In the present case, the Victim did not taunt the Accused
and there was in fact some pre-planning by him (see [21] above). Second, there
was no mention of any public disquiet caused by the offending conduct in Seng
Inn Thye. Third, the ex-wife did not appear to have suffered as extensive or
serious injuries as the Victim. Fourth, the offender in Seng Inn Thye pleaded
guilty. Fifth, the court had found that the offender there suffered from a
“recurrent depressive disorder”, whereas in the present case I had found that
the Accused did not suffer from any major psychiatric condition at the
material time (see Judgment at [266]).

50 Accordingly, taking into account the legislative change to s 307(1) and the
distinguishing factors, I was of the view that the term of imprisonment for
the Accused should be significantly longer than the five-year sentence imposed
in Seng Inn Thye.

51 As for the number of strokes of the cane, six strokes were imposed in
Ravindran and four strokes in Seng Inn Thye. It was clear to me that in view
of the nature of the offence and the aggravating factors, the submission of
two strokes by the Defence was too lenient whereas the submission of six
strokes by the Prosecution was appropriate and not excessive.

52 In the circumstances, after considering both precedents, I was of the view
that a sentence of 14 years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane was
appropriate.

Sentencing framework

53 In its further submissions, the Prosecution proposed a sentencing framework
in relation to the offence of attempted murder under s 307(1) of the PC. It
submitted that the Court should take note of the maximum statutory penalty and
apply its mind to the question of where within the spectrum of punishment
devised by Parliament the particular offender’s conduct falls. Further, the
Court should also have regard to two parameters in determining the seriousness
of the crime: the degree of harm caused, and the offender’s culpability. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Prosecution’s Further Submissions at paras 24–25.

Applying these principles, the Prosecution urged the following sentencing
framework:

HarmCulpability| Slight| Moderate| Severe  
---|---|---|---  
Low| At least 5 years| At least 7.5 years| At least 10 years  
Medium| At least 7.5 years| At least 10 years| At least 12 years  
High| At least 10 years| At least 12 years| At least 14 years  
  
54 The Defence made no submissions on the Prosecution’s proposed framework.

55 I was of the view that it was not desirable at this stage for a single
judge sitting as a court of first instance to come to a concluded view as to
the appropriate sentencing framework for all attempted murder cases going
forward. In addition, I noted the following:

(a) Attempted murder cases are factually highly diverse. Unlike other violent
crimes, the offence of attempted murder can be committed even in situations
where little, if any, harm was caused (see, eg, illustration (d) to s 307(1)).
The offender’s culpability may also drastically differ depending on the steps
that he had taken and the reasons why the victim was not killed.

(b) As the Prosecution itself noted, there was a less than substantial body of
jurisprudence on offences committed under s 307(1). Indeed, it appeared that
there had only been one decided case under s 307(1) of the PC since the 2007
Penal Code amendments. Nuances in sentences and sentencing considerations may
thus not have been as well elucidated as compared to some of the other
offences.

(c) Furthermore, it was not apparent whether the framework was applicable only
to the second limb of s 307(1), or to both the first and the second limbs. If
the former, the Prosecution would have to explain how the framework compared
to the statutory sentencing range for the first limb as to sufficiently but
fairly distinguish between attempted murder cases with and without hurt
caused; if the latter, then the Prosecution should clarify how its sentencing
framework would account for the two-tiered statutory structure of s 307(1).
The relevance of s 307(2), and the option of caning, may also have to be
accounted for in the framework. These aspects of the proposed sentencing
framework could be refined.

(d) Importantly, as would be evident from the tabulated framework above, the
Prosecution chose to adopt a uniform “at least X years” expression to describe
the indicative sentencing ranges for each function in the harm-culpability
matrix. This expression meant that there was no upper limit to the indicative
sentencing ranges. This was a curious departure from the usual form of
sentencing ranges laid down in cases adopting a similar harm-culpability
matrix such as Logachev. While the Prosecution’s approach might not be
unjustifiable, it would have an impact on the way the courts identify a
starting point within the indicative sentencing range (which was, on the
Prosecution’s proposed framework, boundless in its upper end) and take into
account the operative offender-specific factors. These difficulties were also
not thoroughly explored.

Conclusion

56 For the foregoing reasons, I sentenced the Accused in respect of the Charge
to 14 years’ imprisonment, which was to commence from 21 December 2013 as the
date from which he was remanded, and six strokes of the cane.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge

Bhajanvir Singh and Lim Ai Juan Daphne  
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;  
Rengarajoo s/o Rengasamy Balasamy (B Rengarajoo & Associates) and Tan Heng
Khim (Apex Law LLP) for the Accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

