Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 182

Suit No 993 of 2012

Between

| Wei Siang Design Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Euro Assets Holding (S) Pte Ltd (formerly known as Euro Search International
Pte Ltd)  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

(By Original Action)

And Between

| Euro Assets Holding (S) Pte Ltd (formerly known as Euro Search International
Pte Ltd)  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| (1)| Wei Siang Design Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---|---  
| (2)| Chia Soo Ong Hector  
| (3)| Lee Ong Fee @ Lee Tat Sang trading as T S Lee Civil Structural
Associates  
  
… Defendants

(By Counterclaim)

judgment

* * *

[Building and Construction Law] — [Architects, Engineers and Surveyors] —
[Duties and Liabilities]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Architects, Engineers and Surveyors] —
[Statutory Obligations]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Construction Torts] — [Negligence]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Construction Torts] — [Economic Loss]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Drawings]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Scope of Works] — [Variations]

[Planning Law] — [Conservation Areas]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Wei Siang Design Construction Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Euro Assets Holding (S) Pte Ltd

[2018] SGHC 182

High Court — Suit No 993 of 2012  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
29 – 31 March; 1, 5 – 8 April 2016; 2 – 5, 8 – 9, 11 May; 21 July; 20
September; 13 November 2017

23 August 2018 Judgment reserved.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 When a conservation building in a historic district in Singapore is
renovated, all those involved in the renovation must comply with Conservation
Guidelines issued by the Urban Redevelopment Authority (“URA”). The case
before me arises from the renovation of a conserved shophouse in Chinatown
which deviated substantially from these guidelines. Parts of the shophouse
which were to be retained were demolished and rebuilt in a non-compliant way.
Parts of the shophouse which were to be constructed in a certain way were
constructed in a non-compliant way.

2 The URA refused to waive these deviations. The owner of the shophouse was
obliged to rectify the deviations. As a result, it incurred substantial costs
and suffered a delay of more than three years in securing the Temporary
Occupation Permit (“TOP”) for the shophouse. The owner now seeks compensation
from the three parties involved in the renovation: the contractor, the
architect, and the engineer.

3 The owner’s case is that: (a) the architect failed to ensure that the
drawings used for the renovation were consistent with each other; (b) the
engineer failed to ensure that his structural drawings were consistent with
the other drawings; and (c) the contractor failed to clarify with the
architect the obvious inconsistencies between the drawings presented to it and
instead proceeded to demolish architectural features and to rebuild them,
doing both in a manner inconsistent with the drawings. The plaintiff also
alleges that the architect and the engineer failed to detect the contractor’s
deviations and failed to insist that the contractor rectify them in a timely
manner.

4 The main question before me is which one or more of these three parties, if
any, is liable for the owner’s loss. A subsidiary question before me is
whether the owner owes the contractor certain sums for work done.

5 Having heard and considered the parties’ submissions, I now set out my
decision. On the owner’s claim, I hold that:

(a) The contractor, the architect, and the engineer are all liable to the
owner in respect of the deviations to: (i) the second and third storey rear
slabs; (ii) the rear roof slab; and (iii) the rear external staircase;

(b) The contractor and the architect, but not the engineer, are liable to the
owner for the deviation at the rear boundary wall.

The quantum of damages payable to the owner by these three parties will be
assessed separately. That assessment will also deal with the apportionment of
liability as between each of these three parties. As against the owner,
however, the three parties are jointly and severally liable for the whole of
the owner’s loss.

6 On the contractor’s claim against the owner, I allow the claim in respect of
variation works done to install an additional rainwater drop pipe. All of the
contractor’s remaining claims against the owner are dismissed.

The factual background

The shophouse

7 The conservation shophouse at the centre of this dispute is at 25 Boon Tat
Street, Singapore 069622. It is located within the Historic District of
Chinatown. The URA considers that district to be one in which the “strictest
form of conservation is practised”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

2.2.1 of Part 1 of the Conservation Guidelines, 12AB6156.

Renovation of shophouses in Chinatown are therefore subject to the URA’s
Conservation Guidelines. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

2.1.1.1 of the Conservation Guidelines, 12AB6165 and 6167.

The parties

8 The owner of the shophouse is Euro Assets Holding (S) Pte Ltd. In 2011, the
owner initiated a renovation project to make certain additions and to carry
out certain alterations to the shophouse. The owner is, as a matter of form,
the sole defendant to the contractor’s claim for unpaid sums due for work
done. As a matter of substance, however, the owner is the plaintiff in this
action in all but name.

9 The contractor is Wei Siang Design Construction Pte Ltd. The owner engaged
the contractor to carry out the addition and alteration works to the
shophouse. The contractor is the plaintiff in the action and the first
defendant to the owner’s counterclaim.

10 The architect is Chia Soo Ong Hector. He is a registered architect and the
Managing Director and a shareholder of Nota Design Architects + Engineers Pte
Ltd (“NDAE”). The architect was at all material times the principal architect
for the project and also the Qualified Person (Architectural) in the statutory
regime under which the alterations and additions were carried out. The
architect is not a party to the contractor’s claim and is the second defendant
to the owner’s counterclaim.

11 The engineer is Lee Ong Fee, also known as Lee Tat Sang. He is a
professional engineer and was the civil and structural engineer for the
project. He was also the Qualified Person (Structural) in the statutory regime
under which the alterations and additions were carried out. The engineer is
not a party to the contractor’s claim and is the third defendant to the
owner’s counterclaim.

The relationship between the parties

12 The only contract between any of the parties in this action is the contract
between the owner and the contractor. That contract came about when, under a
letter of award dated 19 July 2011, the owner engaged the contractor to be the
main contractor for the project. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

3AB1277 – 1284.

13 The owner has no contract with the architect or with NDAE. The owner’s
contract for architectural services is, instead, with a project consultancy
firm related to NDAE and known as Nota Group Pte Ltd (“NGPL”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1AB563 – 566.

Both NDAE and NGPL are members of a group of companies known as the Nota
group.

14 The owner entered into its contract with NGPL in September 2010. Under that
contract, NGPL was to provide the following professional services for the
project: “architectural, structural design, interior design, M&E design,
design development, submission and supervision of the … project”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1AB563.

NGPL acted as project consultants and managed various aspects of the project.
Three of its personnel in particular are important: Lee Boon Pin, Declan
Reilly, and Danny Goh. I shall refer to these three individuals collectively
as the “project management team”.

15 Pursuant to NGPL’s contract with the owner, NGPL engaged NDAE to provide
architectural services for the project. NDAE then nominated the architect as
the individual to provide the architectural services. The architect was the
only registered architect in NDAE and also in the wider Nota group. The
relationship between NGPL and NDAE, although contractual, is not recorded in
any formal written agreement. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Second Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 13.

16 In December 2010, by a written contract, NDAE engaged the engineer to
provide engineering services for the project. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 8; 6AB3022 – 3023.

17 For whatever reason, the owner makes no claim against NGPL or NDAE in this
action.

The drawings and colour coding convention

18 It is essential to begin the summary of the facts by describing and
distinguishing between five sets of drawings.

(a) First are the tender drawings. As the name suggests, these are drawings
issued to contractors who are invited to tender for the project. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

4AB1732 – 1817.

NGPL prepared the tender drawings.

(b) Second are the written permission drawings. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Exhibit C1.

These are the drawings submitted by the architect to the URA setting out the
work which the owner intends to carry out. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

4AB1843 – 1848.

The URA considered and approved these drawings before it granted written
permission dated 2 March 2011 for the owner’s works to proceed. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

4AB1854 – 1868.

The written permission drawings are architectural drawings which set out the
plan (top) and elevation (side) views of the shophouse. The written permission
drawings are substantially the same as the tender drawings.

(c) Third are the structural drawings. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Exhibit C3.

These plans were prepared by the engineer and were approved by the Building &
Construction Authority (“BCA”) on 5 May 2011. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

4AB1923.

(d) Fourth are the construction drawings. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Exhibit 1PB1 and 1PB2.

The contractor gave discovery of the construction drawings in this action. The
contractor says that the construction drawings were part of the tender
drawings and were turned into construction drawings. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Certified Transcript (29 March 2016) at page 24 (lines 27 – 29).

The construction drawings are substantially the same as the tender drawings,
except that the construction drawings are in black and white rather than in
colour. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Certified Transcript (30 March 2016) at page 73 (lines 25 – 28).

(e) Fifth and finally are the building plans. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Exhibit C2.

The building plans are architectural drawings prepared by the architect and
submitted to the BCA for approval.

19 Several of these drawings are prepared with the use of a software package
known as Auto Computer Aided Design or ‘AutoCAD’. Construction professionals
and contractors who use AutoCAD adopt a specific colour-coding convention in
depicting architectural features in these drawings. This convention is set out
the Code of Practice for Construction Computer Aided Design (“Code of
Practice”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Certified Transcript (29 March 2016), p 53, lines 7 – 28; See also Guidelines
for Submission of CAD Files to URA, Exhibit B2, Second Defendant by
Counterclaim, Bundle of Documents.

The colour-coding indicates whether a particular feature is: (a) an element of
the existing structure to be retained, indicated in blue or cyan; (b) a
proposed new element to be constructed, indicated in magenta or purple; or (c)
an existing element to be demolished, indicated in yellow.

The deviations

20 The project breached the URA’s Conservation Guidelines in the manner in
which four features of the shophouse were treated. These breaches also led to
the URA refusing to give its approval to BCA issuing a TOP for the shophouse.

21 The first of the four features is the rear slab on the roof of the
shophouse. The rear roof slab was to be demolished and reconstructed. The
original rear slab accommodated a drop in elevation from the front slab. As
required by the conservation guidelines, the reconstructed rear roof slab was
to retain this drop in elevation. Instead, the contractor reconstructed the
rear roof slab flush with the front roof slab, ie without any drop in
elevation.

22 The second feature is the rear floor slabs on the second and third storey.
The original rear floor slabs on the second and third storeys had a drop in
elevation from the original front floor slab on the same storey. This drop in
elevation was again to be retained. The contractor demolished these rear floor
slabs and reconstructed them flush with the front floor slabs on each storey,
ie without the drop in elevation.

23 The third feature is the rear external staircase. The contractor built this
staircase using a structure comprising thick columns and beams. The parties
refer to this as the “‘H’ structure”. The “H” structure appeared in neither
the written permission drawings nor the construction drawings. The URA
rejected the “H” structure as being in breach of the Conservation Guidelines
because it was “too heavy looking and [changed] the architectural character of
the rear service block”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

3AB1326 at para 3 of the table.

24 The fourth and final feature is the rear boundary wall. According to the
written permission drawings, the rear boundary wall was to be built with a
height of 1.0 metre. The contractor built the wall with a height of 1.8
metres.

The legal background

25 Having summarised the factual background, I now turn to the legal
background. At the root of the legal background is the statutory regime
governing constructions work in Singapore and, in particular, governing
structural work done to buildings covered by the URA’s Construction
Guidelines.

26 Where an owner proposes to do any structural work to a building in
Singapore, he must comply with the Building Control Act (Cap 29, 1999 Rev Ed).
In addition, where an owner proposes to do any work to a conservation building
in Singapore, he must also comply with the Planning Act (Cap 232, 1998 Rev
Ed). I will briefly describe each statute in turn.

The Building Control Act

27 The Building Control Act regulates structural works to any building. The
BCA is the competent authority to grant permission to carry out structural
works under the Act and to grant a TOP when the works are completed.

28 Section 6 of the Building Control Act sets out the procedure for an
application for a permit to carry out structural works in the course of any
building works. This application takes the form of a joint application by
three parties: (a) the developer of the building works; (b) the builder
appointed by the developer; and (c) the qualified person whom the developer or
builder has appointed to supervise the works.

29 Section 2 of the Building Control Act provides that the qualified person
may either be an architect or an engineer who has a practising certificate in
force. But rr 4 and 6 of the Building Control Regulations 2003 (S 666/2003)
read with the Third Schedule to those regulations provide that there are
certain categories of works for which only a professional engineer (and
therefore not an architect) can be the qualified person.

30 In this case, the engineer took it upon himself to declare in the joint
application to the BCA for permission to carry out structural works that he
was the qualified person to supervise the structural works. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

4AB1904 – 1905.

He also confirmed in cross-examination that the submissions which he made to
the BCA under the Building Control Act were made in his capacity as the
qualified person for structural works. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Certified Transcript (8 May 2017) at p 82 (lines 14 – 27).

Hence, I shall refer to the engineer as “QP (Structural)”.

31 It is not disputed, however, that it was the architect – and the architect
alone – who was responsible for submitting the building plans to the BCA under
the Building Control Act. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Certified Transcript (3 May 2017) at p 116 (lines 5 -10); Second Defendant’s
Closing Submissions at para 17.

The Planning Act and the Conservation Guidelines

32 Section 11 of the Planning Act read with the Planning Act (Appointment of
Competent Authority) Notification (Cap 232, N 7, 2007 Rev Ed) empowers the URA
to issue guidelines for the conservation of buildings or land within a
conservation area and for the protection of their setting. It is not disputed
that the owner’s shophouse is subject to a set of Conservation Guidelines
which the URA issued under this power in 2006.

33 Section 12(2) of the Planning Act prohibits any person from carrying out
any works within a conservation area without conservation permission.
Conservation permission is a type of “written permission” as defined in s 2 of
the Planning Act.

34 Under Schedule 1 of the Planning Act, a qualified person for the purposes
of the Act includes a registered architect, a registered professional engineer
and a registered land surveyor. Where a conserved building is involved,
however, the URA’s guidelines impose more stringent conditions on who can be a
qualified person, depending on the degree of the impact of the works on the
conserved building. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

6AB3050; Certified Transcript (31 March 2016) at p 108 (lines 19 – 22).

The URA defines Category 1 Works as works which “affect the key elements of
conserved buildings” and have a “significant impact on the architectural
character and spatial integrity of conserved buildings”. Where an owner
proposes to do Category 1 Works to a conserved building, the qualified person
in the submission for written permission can only be a registered architect
(and therefore not an engineer). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Certified Transcript (31 March 2016) at p 108 (lines 19 – 32); 109 (lines 1 –
5).

35 In the case before me, both the architect and the engineer knew that this
project involved Category 1 Works. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Certified Transcript (3 May 2017) at p 119 (lines 1 – 3) (Hector Chia);
Certified Transcript (8 May 2017) at p 18 (lines 9 – 10).

It is not disputed that the architect was the qualified person for all
submissions of plans to the URA. I therefore refer to him as “QP
(Architectural)”.

36 Rule 3 of the Planning (Declaration by Qualified Person) Rules (Cap 232, R
11, 2007 Rev Ed) provides that every application to the URA for written
permission must be accompanied by a declaration by a qualified person that the
information contained in the “form, document, plan or drawing” submitted for
the purposes of the application is true and correct in all material
particulars, and that every such form, document, plan or drawing has been
completed and prepared in accordance with the Act, with rule 3 of the Planning
(Development) Rules 2008 (S 113/2008), and such other requirements as may be
specified by the URA in respect of the application.

Interaction between the Building Control Act and the Planning Act

37 Where construction work to be carried out to a building is subject to both
the Building Control Act and the Planning Act, the BCA will not issue a TOP
unless the URA approves. The URA will not give its approval if the terms of
the URA’s written permission have been breached. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Lee Yan Chang’s AEIC at para 70.

38 In this case, as I have set out at [20]–[24] above, four features of the
work carried out on the shophouse deviated in significant respects from the
terms of the URA’s written permission. When the architect applied for TOP for
the shophouse, the URA declined to waive the deviations. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Lee Yan Chang’s AEIC at para 71.

The BCA therefore declined to issue the TOP until rectification works were
carried out to bring the work done to the shophouse into compliance with the
terms of the URA’s written permissions. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Lee Yan Chang’s AEIC at para 72.

The delays in obtaining URA’s approval and in obtaining TOP

39 The contractual completion date for the project was 22 November 2011. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

1AB125; 3AB1277 – 1284.

There was some suggestion that the contractor secured an extension of time to
11 December 2011. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 201.

That is not, however, material for present purposes.

40 On 28 November 2011, the architect applied to the URA for written
permission to amend the original drawings submitted to the URA in order to
align those drawings with the deviations which had taken place in carrying out
the works. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

7AB3707 – 3728.

The URA rejected his application. Instead, on 27 December 2011, the URA issued
a written direction objecting to the deviations at the rear roof slab and at
the rear external staircase. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

4AB2057 – 2064.

The URA made no mention of the deviations at the second and third storey
slabs. This is because the architect did not disclose these deviations in his
amendment application.

41 The architect submitted a series of similar amendment application in April
2012 and May 2012. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

4AB2160 – 2171; 4AB2203 – 2220.

The URA rejected them both. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

4AB2190 – 2197; 4AB2224 – 2229.

42 In October 2012, the owner changed architects. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

10AB5377 – 5381.

The new architect, Philip Yong, submitted another amendment application to the
URA in November 2012, in effect seeking again a waiver of the deviations. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

4AB2233 – 2251.

That too was rejected. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

4AB2260 – 2267.

43 Philip Yong then changed tack. In July 2013, he submitted a fresh
application to the URA, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

5AB2327 – 2353.

now seeking written permission to rectify the deviations. He proposed to do
this by:

(a) Demolishing the existing rear block, comprising the rear roof slab and the
second and third storey rear floor slabs, and reconstructing them at the
original heights as indicated in the written permission drawings;

(b) Demolishing the non-compliant rear external staircase and constructing a
new cantilevered staircase; and

(c) Demolishing the rear boundary wall and reconstructing it at a height of
1.0 metre as indicated in the written permission drawings.

44 In September 2013, the URA approved Philip Yong’s application and granted
written permission for the rectification works to be carried out. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

5AB2369 – 2372.

The owner appointed a new contractor and a new engineer to do so.

45 The rectification works were duly carried out and completed in September
2014. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 76.

The delay of almost three years meant that the necessary approvals for the
certificate of statutory completion (“CSC”) had already been obtained by
September 2014. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 77.

It was no longer necessary, therefore, for the owner to go through the
intermediate step of securing TOP before occupying the shophouse. The project
received its CSC on 4 December 2014 and the owner went into occupation. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

10AB5338.

This action

Procedural history

46 The contractor began this action in 2012 as a claim against the owner for
unpaid sums due for work done on the project. The owner in turn counterclaimed
damages from the contractor for loss cause by the deviations. The architect
and the engineer were then joined as defendants to the owner’s counterclaim.

47 The trial of the contractor’s claim has not been bifurcated whereas the
trial of the owner’s counterclaim is bifurcated. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

HC/ORC 7105/2015, Order of Court dated 25 September 2014.

As far as the claim is concerned, therefore, this judgment deals with both
liability and quantum. As far as the counterclaim is concerned, this judgment
deals only with liability.

48 By a series of agreements, the contractor’s claim against the owner has
been considerably narrowed. As a result, the substance of this action is now
really about the counterclaim rather than the claim. I therefore begin with
the counterclaim before turning to the claim.

The parties’ cases on the counterclaim

49 I shall set out in detail each party’s case on each deviation when I
analyse that deviation. At this juncture I set out only the general thrust of
each party’s case in order to crystallise the issues to be addressed.

50 The owner’s case is that all three defendants to its counterclaim are – to
varying extents – responsible for its loss. The contractor is liable because
it failed to clarify inconsistencies in the drawings with the architect.
Instead, the contractor blindly demolished what was not meant to be
demolished; and, in rebuilding the features, it failed to rebuild them
according to the drawings. The architect is liable because he was the
professional overseeing the project but failed to ensure that his drawings and
the engineer’s drawings were consistent with the drawings approved by the URA.
Finally, the engineer is also liable because he failed to ensure that his
structural drawings were consistent with the drawings approved by the URA.
Moreover, both the architect and the engineer failed to detect the
contractor’s deviations during their respective site inspections and failed to
have the deviations rectified in a timely manner.

51 The contractor, the architect and the engineer respond with mutual finger
pointing.

52 The contractor’s response is that it has no obligation to clarify
divergences between the drawings, and that as long as it follows one of the
various sets of drawings, it is not in breach of contract. In any event, the
architect approved the demolition and rebuilding of the various features.

53 The architect’s response is that he owed no duties to the owner because he
is not in a contractual relationship with the owner. But even if he did owe a
duty of care in tort to the owner, he says that he discharged that duty
because detecting deviations such as those which occurred here is not within
the scope of that duty. The cause of the owner’s loss and damage is the
contractor’s failure to follow the approved drawings.

54 The engineer’s response is that he owed no duty to the owner to ensure
consistency between drawings or to detect deviations from the drawings such as
those which occurred. Instead, it is the architect’s duty to ensure that the
various sets of drawings are consistent with each other and that no deviations
occur when the contractor carries out the works. That is because the architect
is required by statute to be the professional overseeing a project such as
this. Alternatively, the contractor should be held liable because he failed to
comply with the drawings.

Issues to be determined on the counterclaim

55 The most significant legal feature of this case is that the owner has no
contract with either the architect or with the engineer. The fundamental issue
which is in controversy, therefore, is whether either the architect or the
engineer owed a duty of care to the owner.

56 I therefore summarise the issues which I have to decide on the counterclaim
as follows:

(a) Did the architect owe a duty of care to the owner?

(b) Did the engineer owe a duty of care to the owner?

(c) Were any of the four deviations identified above at [21]–[24] above caused
by one or more of the following:

(i) a breach of contract by the contractor;

(ii) a breach of any duty of care which the architect owed the owner; or

(iii) a breach of any duty of care which the engineer owed the owner?

Preliminary issue: what were the exact duties owed?

57 Before I turn to analyse these issues, it is necessary to set out clearly
the specific duties which the owner claims the architect and the engineer owed
it. The owner argues two specific duties.

58 The first of these duties is a duty to: 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 95(a).

…[prepare] plans for submission to the relevant authorities to obtain their
approval for the works, and ensure that the said plans are in compliance with
the requirements of the authorities; and also to check and ensure that all the
drawings used in the course of construction of the [project] are consistent
with the plans approved by the relevant authorities…

I shall refer to this duty as the “drawings duty” and to the set of factual
allegations underlying this aspect of the owner’s claim as “drawings failure”.

59 The second duty is a duty to: 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 95(b).

…[supervise] the carrying out of the building works to ensure that the
building works comply with the requirements of the authorities, including,
inter alia, that the works are in accordance with the approved plans…

I shall refer to this duty as the “supervision duty” and to the set of factual
allegations underlying this aspect of the owner’s claim as “supervision
failure”.

Issue 1: did the architect owe the owner a duty of care in tort?

60 The first issue is whether the architect owes the owner a duty of care in
the tort of negligence. The Court of Appeal set out the universal test for
determining this question in the seminal case of Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte
Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“Spandeck”).
The test is so well-established that I need not set out the elements in
detail. I will, however, give an outline of the test to serve as the skeleton
for the analysis which follows.

61 The Spandeck test comprises a preliminary or threshold question coupled
with a two-stage test. The preliminary question asks whether it was factually
foreseeable that the plaintiff would suffer loss from the defendant’s actions.
The two-stage test considers at the first stage whether there exists
sufficient proximity between the parties. At the second stage, it considers
whether policy considerations point against a duty of care arising: Spandeck
at [75]–[83]. The Spandeck test is to be applied incrementally at each stage,
by reference to existing case law on analogous situations.

The threshold question: factual foreseeability

62 The owner argues that it was factually foreseeable that drawings failure
and supervision failure by the architect would result in the owner suffering
loss. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (21 July 2017) at para 129.

A foreseeable consequence of drawings failure is that the contractor carries
out works otherwise than in accordance with the written permission and the
Conservation Guidelines resulting in the owner having to bear rectification
costs. A foreseeable consequence of supervision failure is a delay in
obtaining TOP.

63 The architect rightly does not contest factual foreseeability. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Second Defendant’s Closing Submissions (21 July 2017) at paras 64 and 66.

This is no doubt because the Court of Appeal in Spandeck at [75] adopted the
views of Andrew Phang J (as he then was) in Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd
v Ng Khim Ming Eric [2007] 1 SLR(R) 853 at [55] that the requirement of
factual foreseeability will almost always be satisfied.

64 In my view, this is the typical case in which the threshold requirement of
factual foreseeability is easily satisfied. The real battle between the
parties is on the two-stage test.

Stage 1: Proximity between the parties

The law

65 The first stage of the Spandeck test asks whether there was sufficient
proximity between the plaintiff and the defendant to give rise to a duty of
care. Proximity may be established using various indicia, as identified by the
High Court of Australia in Sutherland Shire Council v Heyman (1985) 60 ALR 1
(“Sutherland Shire”) at 55-56, and adopted in Spandeck at [78]:

The requirement of proximity is directed to the relationship between the
parties in so far as it is relevant to the allegedly negligent act or omission
of the defendant and the loss or injury sustained by the plaintiff. It
involves the notion of nearness or closeness and embraces physical proximity
(in the sense of space and time) between the person or property of the
plaintiff and the person or property of the defendant, circumstantial
proximity such as an overriding relationship of employer and employee or of a
professional man and his client and what may (perhaps loosely) be referred to
as causal proximity in the sense of the closeness or directness of the causal
connection or relationship between the particular act or course of conduct and
the loss or injury sustained. It may reflect an assumption by one party of a
responsibility to take care to avoid or prevent injury, loss or damage to the
person or property of another or reliance by one party upon such care being
taken by the other in circumstances where the other party knew or ought to
have known of that reliance. Both the identity and the relative importance of
the factors which are determinative of an issue of proximity are likely to
vary in different categories of case… [emphases omitted]

66 Although the test for a duty of care in Spandeck is universal, the indicia
of proximity to be considered in the first stage are not universal. As the
passage from Sutherland Shire quoted in Spandeck recognises, the indicia of
proximity will vary, depending on the alleged tortfeasor’s negligent act or
omission and depending on the type of loss or injury sustained by the
plaintiff. The owner’s claim against the architect in this action involves an
allegation of professional negligence causing pure economic loss. The key
indicia for that class of case or that type of loss are the twin elements of
an assumption of responsibility by the tortfeasor and reliance by the
plaintiff of which the tortfeasor knew or ought to have known. Indeed, all of
the parties have been content to argue proximity based on precisely these twin
elements.

The owner’s arguments

67 The owner argues that the architect owes it a duty of care because there
was both an assumption of responsibility and reliance. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (21 July 2017) at para 134.

68 The architect assumed responsibility in respect of a drawings failure
because he was the QP (Architectural) for the project and was thus responsible
for obtaining the necessary approvals from the URA and the BCA. In particular,
the owner refers to several applications which the architect made to the URA
in each of which the architect declared that his proposal complied “with all …
[conservation] guidelines and all conditions imposed by URA” [emphasis
omitted]. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 137.

The owner also notes that the architect conceded in cross-examination that
even if he did not personally prepare the drawings which he submitted, he was
responsible for ensuring that the drawings complied with the URA’s
requirements before submission. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 137.

Similarly, the architect assumed responsibility in respect of a supervision
failure, because he essentially performed the role of project architect.

69 As for reliance, the owner relied on the architect as regards both the
drawings duty and the supervision duty. This was because the owner had no
prior experience of owning or renovating a conservation property and therefore
relied on the experience of the professionals – such as the architect – which
it engaged for the project. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 145.

70 The owner also notes that, although it is true that it did not have a
contractual relationship with the architect, the architect was the only
registered architect in the entire Nota group. He was thus the only person in
either NGPL or NDAE who could have given the owner the professional assistance
which NGPL had contracted to supply the owner. This, the owner says, is a
relationship which is “equivalent to contract” and which gives rise to a duty
of care. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 150.

The plaintiff cites on this point the observations of Lord Devlin in Hedley
Byrne & Co Ltd v Heller & Partners Ltd [1964] AC 465 at 529, which were
adopted by the Court of Appeal in Animal Concerns Research & Education Society
v Tan Boon Kwee [2011] 2 SLR 146 (“ACRES”) at [63].

The architect’s arguments

71 The architect’s response is that the contractual arrangements which the
owner agreed exclude any assumption of responsibility by the architect to the
owner, and thus any duty of care. The architect notes that the owner chose to
contract with NGPL and only with NGPL. It was NGPL who in turn contracted with
NDAE. The architect is an employee of NDAE. He has no relationship whatsoever
with NGPL or the owner. The contractual arrangements which the parties freely
bargained for therefore placed at least two degrees of separation between the
architect and the owner. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2017) at p 131 (lines 17 – 32); 132 (lines 1
– 2).

72 Further, the architect points out that the owner entered into a contract
with the contractor and therefore had the opportunity to secure protection for
himself in that contract. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Second Defendant’s Closing Submissions (21 July 2017) at paras 78 – 83.

If the owner thought his contract with the contractor was inadequate
protection, he had the opportunity to insist on an additional tripartite
contract with the architect. Indeed, the architect argues that Pacific
Associates Inc v Baxter [1990] 1 QB 993 (“Pacific Associates”) and Spandeck
indicate that where the owner has his rights protected under a bargained-for
contractual framework, the courts should not superimpose a duty of care in
tort which cuts across that framework. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Second Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 80.

73 The architect also argues that it was not his responsibility – and was
instead the responsibility of either NGPL, as the project manager, or of the
contractor – to check and ensure that the drawings which the contractor used
to carry out the works were consistent with the approved plans. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Second Defendant’s Reply Submissions (19 September 2017) at para 3.

In particular, the architect argues that Lee Boon Pin and Declan Reilly of
NGPL were trained in architecture and were in charge of the plans and were
responsible for reviewing the plans for consistency. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2017) at p 135 (lines 1 – 31); 136 (lines 1
– 18).

There is sufficient proximity between owner and architect

74 I hold that there is sufficient proximity between the owner and the
architect to satisfy the first stage of the Spandeck test. I agree with the
owner that the architect assumed responsibility to the owner for design
failure and supervision failure, notwithstanding the overarching contractual
framework for the project. I also find that it was reasonable for the owner to
rely on the architect, and that the owner did so rely.

(1) The law

75 There are a number of authorities which have considered the issue of an
architect’s duty of care and which are binding on me. In RSP Architects
Planners & Engineers (formerly known as Raglan Squire & Partners FE) v
Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 1075 and another [1999] 2 SLR(R)
134 (“RSP Architects”), the question before the Court of Appeal was whether an
architect who designed a condominium was liable in the tort of negligence to
the condominium’s management corporation for the cost of rectifying the
consequences of the architect’s design failure. As is typical in these cases,
the architect had a contract only with the developer of the condominium but
not with its management corporation.

76 The Court of Appeal held (at [38]) that there was sufficient proximity
between the architects and the management corporation for a duty of care to
arise. The architects were aware that, in the normal course of events, the
developers would apply to register a strata title plan for the condominium and
that a management corporation would then come into existence. The architect
assumed responsibility to the developer to be professionally competent, and
the architect knew that the developer relied on the architect exercising
reasonable care and skill. The management corporation was merely the successor
in title of the developer with respect to the common property. The architect
knew that the management corporation would depend on the architect’s care and
skill in designing and supervising the construction of the common property.
Further, the management corporation relied on the architect to get the design
of the building right. There was therefore a sufficient degree of proximity in
the relationship between the management corporation and the architect for the
architect to owe a duty of care to the management corporation to avoid causing
the loss sustained by the management corporation.

77 I acknowledge that RSP Architects was decided well before Spandeck. But the
adoption of the universal test in Spandeck does not mean the rejection of all
case law before Spandeck, particularly case law which deals with the concept
of proximity in the tort of negligence. Further, the Court of Appeal in
Spandeck held that the universal test is to be applied incrementally: at [73].
This means that it is desirable at each stage of the test to refer to decided
cases in analogous situations to see how the courts have reached their
conclusions in terms of proximity or policy: at [73]. I am therefore entitled
and indeed obliged to have regard to the decision of RSP Architects at the
proximity stage of the Spandeck test.

78 The case of RSP Architects is instructive for several reasons. First, RSP
Architects shows that the focus of the court is not on the degrees of
separation between architect and owner, but on the fact that the owner is
known by the architect to be the entity who is ultimately to benefit from the
architect’s professional skill. Thus, the fact that there are several degrees
of separation between the architect and the owner in the present case is of no
great consequence to the duty of care analysis because the architect here –
like the architect in RSP Architects – must have known that his skills were
being exercised for the ultimate benefit of the specific entity who is now
suing him. Indeed, the relationship between the architect and the management
corporation in RSP Architects can be said to be even more remote than the
relationship between the architect and the owner in the present case. The
owner in the present case existed from the outset. The management corporation
in RSP Architects did not even exist as a legal person at the time the
architects carried out the acts or omissions said to be negligent.

79 The second reason RSP Architects is instructive is because it shows that
the presence of a contract between the architect and one entity – in that case
the developer and in the present case with NDAE – does not in itself prevent a
duty of care from arising or otherwise exhaust the scope of the architect’s
potential liability. This observation has been echoed in more recent case law.
In ACRES, the Court of Appeal observed at [66] that the contractual
arrangements of the parties, although an important consideration to be taken
into account when deciding whether there is proximity, does not automatically
exclude a duty of care. Instead, the true principle is “whether or not the
parties structured their contracts intending thereby to exclude the imposition
of a tortious duty of care”: ACRES at [71].

(2) Assumption of responsibility

80 In this case, there is nothing in the contract between the owner and NGPL
to suggest that those two parties intended, by entering into that contract, to
exclude the architect’s potential personal liability to the owner in tort. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

1AB563 – 566.

Nor has the architect pointed to any evidence which suggests that, as between
the architect and the owner, it contracted in that way so as to exclude the
architect’s liability in tort. As for the contract between NGPL and NDAE, that
was not even an express contract. There is virtually no scope for extending
its legal consequences beyond those two parties.

81 Conversely, the evidence that is before me does suggest that the architect
stands in a sufficiently proximate relationship to the owner to give rise to a
duty of care. As the owner points out, the architect is the only registered
architect in the Nota group. Thus, whether one speaks of NGPL or NDAE as the
entity which bore the immediate obligation to provide architectural services
to the owner, the ultimate obligation fell upon the architect. He was the only
person in either entity with the qualifications and skills necessary to supply
the required architectural services.

82 Similarly, the behaviour of the architect suggests that he assumed the
responsibility of providing the architectural services. In the first place,
the architect assumed the role of QP (Architectural) for the project. Although
it is true that the Court of Appeal in ACRES recognised (at [21]–[23]) that
the presence of a statutory duty does not automatically give rise to a common
law duty of care, it acknowledged that the former can “form the backdrop to
and inform the existence” of the latter.

83 In the present case, the statutory duty does inform the existence of a
common law duty of care. By taking on the role of QP (Architectural), the
architect became the person with the primary responsibility for ensuring that
the project complied with the Conservation Guidelines. He became the
individual whom the URA would hold responsible for any deviations. And,
because successful completion of the project depended on obtaining the URA’s
approval for TOP, he became the person to whom the owner was looking to secure
that successful completion.

84 It is true that there are several degrees of separation between the owner
and the architect. NGPL served as a contractual intermediary between the owner
and NDAE. NDAE in turn served as an intermediary between NGPL and the
architect. But I do not make too much of this. The architect in his evidence
acknowledged that whenever NGPL takes on a project that requires architectural
services, it is NDAE who would provide those services. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Certified Transcript (3 May 2017) at p 112 (lines 31 – 32); 113 (lines 1 – 9).

In particular, when NGPL requires the services of a registered architect, the
architect acknowledged that he is the only person who can provide those
services. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Certified Transcript (3 May 2017) at p 113 (lines 2 – 4).

Indeed, there is also evidence that the staff of NGPL with an architectural
background – but who were not themselves at that time registered architects –
were accustomed to act under the direction of the architect. This occurred so
much so that the URA believed that the staff of NGPL acted for the architect.
61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Certified Transcript (31 March 2016) at p 59 (lines 27 – 31); 61 (lines 7 –
10).

85 In these circumstances, it is possible to find – and I do find – that the
architect assumed responsibility to the owner to provide his architectural
services with reasonable care and skill.

86 In any event, I would add that there is another distinguishing feature
between Spandeck and Pacific Associates and the present case. In both of those
cases, a plaintiff who stood in a direct contractual relationship with an
owner was arguing that other parties who were also in a contractual
relationship with the owner owed – in addition to their contractual duties to
the owner – a parallel duty of care to the plaintiff. The present case is
different. Here, it is the owner who is arguing that a professional providing
services to the owner’s project manager owes a duty of care to the owner
personally.

87 This is a material distinction. The person for whose benefit the services
are provided, and to whom a duty of care might be said to arise, differs
dramatically between these two categories of cases. In the first category, the
third parties perform their services for the benefit of the owner, not for the
benefit of the plaintiff asserting the duty of care. In the second category –
which includes the present case and RSP Architects – the third party performs
his services for the ultimate benefit of the owner. The duty of care in the
present category of case follows the grain of the parties’ arrangements rather
than going against it. Thus proximity is more easily found.

88 I would also add that Lee Boon Pin and Declan Reilly of NGPL were only
trainee architects, and thus could not be in a position to have provided the
architectural services which the owner contracted with NGPL for in this case.
Moreover, the evidence is that the architect had professional responsibility
for supervising the work of Lee Boon Pin, who was then a trainee architect. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2017) at p 136 (lines 20 – 22).

So that is another reason for saying that the architectural services which
NGPL provided to the owner ultimately originated from the architect, not from
NGPL.

89 I note that the architect has submitted that he did not supervise Lee Boon
Pin for this particular project and that, in any event, Lee Boon Pin was not
working as an architect or carrying out or performing architectural functions
for this project. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2017) at p 159 (lines 1 – 17).

But if this is true, that serves all the more to locate the architect as the
ultimate source of the architectural services in this case, including the role
of ensuring consistency between the various plans and supervising the works.

(3) The drawings duty

90 The question that follows from the above is whether assuming the
responsibility of providing the architectural services necessarily encompasses
the drawings duty and the supervision duty. In my judgment, it does.

91 So far as the drawings duty is concerned, the crux of the owner’s case is
that there is a duty on the part of an architect to ensure that the various
drawings prepared by the architect and the engineer in any given project are
consistent with the drawings approved by the authorities. Parties were unable
to cite any legislation spelling out such a duty. The evidence of both the
architect’s expert 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Certified Transcript (11 May 2017) at pp 31 (lines 5 – 11); 34 (lines 20 –
32); 35 (lines 1 – 5).

and the engineer’s expert, 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Certified Transcript (9 May 2017) at pp 84 (lines 8 – 29); 85 (lines 11 – 14).

however, is that this is the norm and the expectation in the construction
industry.

92 Although industry norms or expectations in themselves do not make law, I
find that the drawings duty was within the scope of the architectural services
which the architect assumed the responsibility of providing to the owner. This
industry norm has arisen for a good reason. The architect is the QP overseeing
the entire project. In a project involving a conservation building, he reports
to both the key authorities: the URA and the BCA. He is best placed in terms
of the skill and expertise of his profession to prepare, receive, and assess
the various drawings, and ultimately to ensure that they are consistent with
each other. Further, in a project involving Category 1 Works to a conservation
building, a registered architect is the only person permitted to apply to the
URA for written permission under the Planning Act. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

URA Guidelines and Procedures, 6AB3050.

That is understandable as a registered architect is clearly better placed
compared to an engineer to fulfil the objectives of the Conservation
Guidelines by ensuring that the aesthetic features crucial for a conservation
property are preserved.

(4) The supervision duty

93 As for the supervision duty, both the owner and the architect have heavily
contested whether the duty is one of supervision, or of inspection; and
further, if it is the former, whether it is a duty of continuous supervision,
or of standing supervision. In my view, the architect does owe the supervision
duty claimed by the owner.

94 The architect relies on extracts from a leading textbook, John Powell et
al, Jackson & Powell on Professional  Liability (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th ed,
2017) (“Jackson & Powell”) and the Singapore Institute of Architect’s
Conditions of Appointment and Mode of Payment (2002 Edition) (“SIA Conditions
of Appointment”). Both these extracts are cited for the proposition that the
architect typically bears only a duty of inspection, and not a duty of
supervision. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Second Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 88 – 95.

Further, Jackson & Powell expresses the view that the distinction between
“supervision” and “inspection” is an important one: supervision entails
detailed and continuous direction, whereas inspections are expected to be
limited in number, duration and frequency. Similarly, the SIA Conditions of
Appointment indicate that constant or daily inspection is not part of the
architect’s basic services, and the architect is required to inspect the works
only at periodic intervals as the architect deems necessary.

95 I do not accept that the architect owed only a duty of inspection. The
architect’s reliance on Jackson & Powell is misplaced. That extract addresses
changes made to the architect’s contractual duties across various editions of
Royal Institute of British Architects’ Conditions of Engagement for the
Appointment of an Architect. That standard form has no application here.
Similarly, as the owner has rightly pointed out, the architect was not
appointed under the SIA Conditions of Appointment in the present case.
Reliance on the contractual duties set out in that standard form contract too
is misplaced.

96 I instead accept the owner’s argument that the architect’s duty of care
encompassed a duty of supervision. The owner has drawn my attention to the
Court of Appeal’s decision in Sim & Associates v Tan Alfred [1994] 1 SLR(R)
146 (“Sim & Associates”). In that decision, the Court of Appeal considered it
to be settled law that an architect in a building contract has a duty to
supervise the building works to ensure that they are being carried out in
conformity with the contractual specifications; and that in the absence of
specific provision in the contract, such a duty will be implied in law: at
[39]. Further, that case was also a case where the owner did not have a
contract with the architect – the building contract the Court of Appeal
referred to was the building contract between the owner and the contractor.
The Court of Appeal’s decision therefore applies equally here.

97 I do add, however, that in my view the supervision duty does not go so far
as to oblige an architect to prevent all deviations before they occur. This is
because I accept that the architect, in carrying out the supervision duty,
does not have to be continuously present on site. An architect who complies
with the supervision duty may nevertheless fail to prevent a deviation that
occurs between the visits made to discharge the duty. That said, the
supervision duty does entail in practical terms a duty to detect a gross
deviation – in this case, either a fresh construction of a deviating new
feature or a deviating reconstruction of a demolished feature – and to act
promptly to get the deviation rectified in a timely manner so as not to
jeopardise the completion date of the project.

(5) Reliance

98 Turning now to the issue of reliance, I also find that the owner did rely
on the architect and did so reasonably. The owner had no expertise in dealing
with construction projects, and in particular, construction projects involving
conservation buildings such as the shophouse here. It was entirely reasonable
for it to rely on the expertise that the architect had, and held himself out
as having. Indeed, the architect himself recognises as much: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Certified Transcript (3 May 2017), p 123 (lines 14 – 16).

Q: So essentially, again, here the owner would rely on you to ensure that the
works, when completed, comply with the WP plans, correct?

A: Oh, yes.

The requirement of reliance is therefore satisfied.

(6) Conclusion

99 I conclude my analysis on proximity by observing that the requirement of
proximity is satisfied because of the parallels between this case and the
decision in RSP Architects. The relevant indicia of voluntary assumption of
responsibility and reliance are both present on our facts. I therefore
consider that it is unnecessary to go further into a consideration of other
indicia of proximity.

Stage 2: Policy considerations

100 The next stage of the universal test asks whether there are policy
considerations that might militate against the finding of a duty of care:
Spandeck at [83]. This stage is negative in nature and focuses on whether
policy considerations negate or limit the duty that is found prima facie to
exist at the proximity stage. However, it is legitimate at the policy stage to
have regard to positive policy considerations which undermine any negative
policy considerations raised by the defendant: ACRES at [77].

101 The owner contends that there are no policy considerations which would
operate to negate the duty of care which I have found prima facie to have
arisen at the proximity stage. On the contrary, the owner says that there are
positive policy considerations which point in favour of a duty. In this
regard, the owner cites the various responsibilities placed on the architect
by the Planning Act and the Building Control Act. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 153 – 161.

102 The architect's response is that a duty of care should not be superimposed
on a contractual duty, especially in this case where the owner is already
protected by a contractual framework comprising two contracts: one with the
contractor and another with NGPL. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Second Defendant’s Closing Submissions (21 July 2017) at para 85.

103 I hold that there are no policy considerations which militate against a
duty of care. While it is true that contractual arrangements can serve as a
policy consideration at the policy stage of the Spandeck test, these
arrangements can also be considered as an indicium at the proximity stage:
ACRES at [66]. The Court of Appeal recognised that contractual arrangements
could be relevant to both stages, and that it may in certain cases be
appropriate to analyse the effect of these arrangements at the proximity
stage: ACRES at [66]. This is such a case.

104 The architect’s argument is essentially that the owner’s contractual
arrangements set out a complete framework for liability of all of the
professionals involved in the owner’s project, and thus there is no scope for
the architect to be found to have assumed responsibility to the owner, nor for
the owner reasonably to have relied on the architect. This is an argument that
is best dealt with at the proximity stage. I have already done so above and
concluded that there was nevertheless sufficient proximity between the
architect and the owner for there to arise a duty of care owed by the former
to the latter. I therefore do not need to revisit this point.

Conclusion

105 For the above reasons, I find that the architect did owe a duty of care in
tort to the owner.

Issue 2: Did the engineer owe a duty of care in tort?

106 The owner also argues that the engineer owed it a duty of care. I analyse
whether the engineer does owe this duty of care by adopting the framework I
have already set out above in respect of the architect.

Threshold question of factual foreseeability

107 On the threshold issue of factual foreseeability, the owner points out
that the engineer was appointed as QP (Structural) and argues that it was
factually foreseeable that if the engineer failed to ensure consistency in the
drawings and failed to supervise, the owner would suffer loss. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 129 – 133.

108 Like the architect, and no doubt for the same reason, the engineer does
not contest factual foreseeability. Instead, his submissions jump straight to
the issue of proximity.

109 I therefore hold that factual foreseeability is established against the
engineer.

Stage 1: Proximity

110 As with its arguments on proximity as against the architect, the owner’s
arguments on proximity as against the engineer hinge on the indicia of
assumption of responsibility and reasonable reliance. Again, for the same
reason, I consider those to be the necessary and sufficient indicia for a
claim of this nature.

111 The owner argues that the engineer assumed responsibility because he was
the civil and structural engineer and the QP (Structural) for the project. In
that capacity he was obliged by the applicable legislation to submit
structural plans to the BCA for approval and to supervise the structural
works. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (21 July 2017) at paras 140 – 143.

112 The engineer contends that he owed no duty of care to the owner. He does
not specifically contest any particular indicia of proximity set out in
Spandeck. Instead, he raises certain discrete arguments broadly relating to
(a) his endorsement on the WP drawings; (b) the duties he owes as against
duties that the architect owes; and (c) the scope of his contractual
obligations. This is not the most helpful way to address proximity, but I
shall deal with each of these three broad areas below.

113 I hold that the engineer did stand in a relationship of proximity with the
owner such that a duty of care in tort arose. The principle to be drawn from
RSP Architects is that a professional in the construction industry owes a duty
of care to a person known to be the ultimate beneficiary of his professional
skill and expertise. That principle applies in this case. The engineer knew
that his professional skill and expertise was being applied for the ultimate
benefit of the owner even though his contract was with NDAE.

114 The parties have, however, devoted lengthy submissions addressing me on
proximity. I now go through them in detail to show how they do not disturb the
applicability of the general principle I have just identified. There are three
broad areas of contention between the parties.

115 The first broad area of contention I address concerns the statutory duties
of the engineer, as compared to the architect. Both the owner and the engineer
make much of these duties.

116 The owner relies on the engineer’s statutory obligations to argue that the
engineer assumed responsibility towards the owner, citing the engineer’s
responsibility to apply to the BCA for approval of the structural plans and
for the permit to carry out building works. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 141.

The owner also cites the engineer’s assumption of duties as QP (Structural).
74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 140.

117 In response, the engineer distinguishes between the various duties which
are imposed by statute upon him as opposed to those which are imposed upon the
architect. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 88.

He points to the fact that the architect was the QP for the URA and that the
architect was also the QP for the BCA so far as the building plans were
concerned. The engineer’s own role was only as QP for the structural plans
submitted to the BCA. The engineer does not submit specifically that this
argument is directed towards contesting assumption of responsibility as an
indicia of proximity. But I infer from his lengthy submission that it is his
case either that: (a) that he owes statutory duties alone, and therefore
cannot owe a duty of care at common law; or (b) that the operation of the
statutory framework excludes the possibility of a duty of care arising in
tort.

118 I agree with the owner that the engineer assumed responsibility to the
owner for design and supervision. It bears repeating that a duty of care in
tort at common law does not arise automatically out of a statutory duty on the
engineer under either Act: ACRES at [22]. The statutory duty may, however,
form part of the contextual backdrop or be a relevant factor pointing for or
against a duty of care: ACRES at [22]. Here, I find that it is a factor
pointing for a duty of care. I agree that the foremost purpose of the
statutory duty of a QP (Structural) is to ensure the structural safety and
integrity of the building works. But to achieve this purpose, the engineer
needs to ensure that his drawings are consistent with those of the other
professionals involved in the project – in this case, the architect – and also
to ensure that any deviations from the drawings are identified and rectified
in a timely manner.

119 With regard to the drawings, the engineer himself acknowledges in his
closing submissions that he owed a duty to incorporate the design intent of
the architect in his structural drawings. Indeed, he recognises that the
design in the written permission drawings – which are drawn up by the
architect – is the dominant design, and that he should generally adopt the
architect’s design in the written permission drawings. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 119.

120 Similarly, both the engineer’s expert 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Certified Transcript (9 May 2017) at pp 83 (lines 14 – 29); 84 (lines 8 – 15);
86 (lines 6 – 9).

and the architect’s expert 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Certified Transcript (11 May 2017) at pp 28 (lines 17 – 30); 29 (lines 6 – 8).

confirmed that this is industry practice. I reiterate that industry practice
or norms are not by themselves determinative of an assumption of
responsibility or a duty of care. But I do consider that this industry
practice is a powerful factor in favour of a finding that the engineer owes a
common law duty to ensure consistency between his drawings and the architect’s
drawings.

121 To my mind, this is a practice that supports and reinforces, and does not
detract from, the purpose of the statutory duty of ensuring structural safety
and integrity. It is conducive towards the structural safety and integrity of
construction projects that the building professionals working on them
coordinate their drawings to ensure that the contractors and builders who
ultimately have to construct the building are not misled or confused by
inconsistent plans and drawings. The engineer, as one of the professionals
responsible for preparing one of these plans, has a key role to play in this
endeavour. While it might be said that the engineer should not be liable for
failing to ensure that his plans are consistent with the written permission
drawings so long as no structural safety concerns are raised, I do not think
that the engineer’s duty should be made dependent on something so fortuitous
or arbitrary. No structural safety concerns may arise simply because the
contractor, faced with inconsistent architectural drawings and structural
drawings, opts for the latter. But he could well have chosen the former. The
point is that the engineer has introduced a risk of there being a structural
safety issue, and it cannot be that it is simply left to the contractor,
whether consciously or fortuitously, to mitigate this risk. Nor can it be that
the engineer should simply depend on the architect to check and discover the
error, although the architect is also subject to this duty. I therefore find
that the engineer did assume the drawings duty.

122 Similarly, in respect of the supervision duty, the engineer declared to
the BCA that he was the appointed site supervisor under s 10 of the Building
Control Act and that he would be supervising the structural works. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

4AB1904 – 1905.

The engineer argues that this declaration did not require him to exercise
standing supervision over the works, citing the Second Reading of the Building
Control Bill on 16 February 1989. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 141.

In that reading, the former Minister for National Development Mr S Dhanabalan
said that “for minor building works it is not necessary to have a full-time
supervisor for all the works”. The engineer submits that the value of the
works in this case categorises them as minor building works. He also notes
that in the declaration, he undertook to exercise only “immediate supervision
of critical structural works as required in Section 7(1)(c) of the Building
Control Act” and not the alternative of exercising “[f]ull-time supervision of
structural works as required in Section 7(1)(b) of the Building Control Act”.
81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 143.

He says that because demolition works are not critical structural works, he
was not required to supervise them. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 144.

123 I do not think these arguments are of much assistance to the engineer. The
crux of the owner’s complaint on the supervision duty is not to do with a
failure to supervise the demolition process or the reconstruction process, ie
as a failure to prevent the deviations from being carried out. The crux of the
complaint is that the engineer had a duty in carrying out his site inspections
to detect deviations of the magnitude which occurred here. However one
characterises the duty of the engineer – whether as a duty to supervise or to
inspect – I am of the view that the engineer did indeed have a duty to detect
gross deviations such as those which occurred here. This duty would be
meaningless if gross deviations as the non-compliant demolition or
reconstruction of an entire slab fell outside its scope.

124 To round things off, I would also add that the owner is clearly within the
class of individuals which the statutory duty was designed to protect. The
engineer is engaged to provide his professional services for the project
because the owner, not being a construction professional, and in particular,
not being a structural engineer, requires professional assistance. The
engineer takes it upon himself to provide that assistance by assuming the
statutory duties of QP (Structural). That to my mind is another factor
pointing towards the engineer bearing a duty of care in tort to the owner,
unless there are countervailing factors that militate against this.

125 I would also add, for the sake of completeness, that my view that the
engineer has assumed the drawings duty and supervision duty is fortified by
the fact that the engineer is not correct in saying that his statutory duties
encompass only ensuring the structural safety and integrity of the project.
The URA representative, Lee Yan Chang, testified in cross-examination that the
reasons the URA rejected the deviations in this project were not “related to
aesthetic nor structural integrity” but were instead “related to the
conservation principle of maximum retention”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Certified Transcript (1 April 2016) at p 3 (lines 19 – 23).

This principle is reflected in the URA Conservation Guidelines: 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

12AB6155.

The ‘3R’ Principle

The fundamental principle of conservation applicable to all conservation
buildings, irrespective of scale and complexity, is maximum Retention,
sensitive Restoration and careful Repair – the “3R”s [emphasis in bold in
original].

126 The preface to those guidelines further expressly states that “[owners],
architects and engineers intending to carry out restoration works or
development within conservation areas are required to comply with the
guidelines accordingly” 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

12AB6152.

[emphasis added]. The engineer himself recognised this, as evidenced by his
endorsement on the architectural drawings:

As a qualified person, I agree with and endorse the alterations to the
structure as shown on this plan and that they are generally in accordance with
conservation principles and good engineering practice.

127 The upshot of this is that the engineer’s duties, even as a structural
engineer, were not confined to ensuring structural safety and integrity in the
project. He also undertook that the structural alterations complied with the
URA’s conservation principles. In my view, discharging these duties required
ensuring that his drawings were consistent with the written permission
drawings. It is the written permission drawings which were approved by the
URA, the competent authority under the Planning Act, and the issuer of the
Conservation Guidelines. Moreover, an engineer should detect deviations which
have taken place so that they can be rectified in a timely fashion. This
therefore reinforces my views set out above that the engineer did assume
responsibility in respect of the drawings duty and the supervision duty to the
owner.

128 I now turn to address the engineer’s specific submissions to show why each
is not a bar to his having assumed responsibility to the owner. It is first
necessary to distinguish between the material which the engineer cites, which
in essence is nothing more than mere statements of fact, and those on which he
hints at a legal argument. The engineer makes several statements of fact. The
engineer points out that it was the architect, and not the engineer, who was
the QP for the written permission drawings submitted to the URA, and also the
QP for the building plans submitted to BCA. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 88.

His submission is that he therefore cannot be the QP for those drawings. There
is nothing wrong with making mere statements of fact, but if the engineer
means by this that he cannot have assumed responsibility for his own drawings,
then that is a non sequitur. Another point which the engineer raises is that
he cannot owe any duties of compliance with the URA’s Conservation Guidelines
because he is not the QP making submissions to the URA. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 115.

But the owner is not pursuing this point against the engineer, so it is not
necessary to consider this argument any further.

129 Turning now to material on which the engineer appears to make a legal
argument, the engineer points to the architect’s declarations to the URA and
the BCA. He says that the upshot of these declarations is that it is the
architect who assumed responsibility for reviewing the design in the
structural drawings to ensure consistency with the written permission
drawings. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 93 – 101.

But even if the engineer is right on this, that does not automatically exclude
a separate and parallel assumption of responsibility by the engineer to ensure
that his own drawings – for which he undoubtedly assumed responsibility – are
consistent with the architect’s written permission drawings. This argument
simply means that the architect has his own duty to review drawings.

130 The engineer next turns to his own duties. He acknowledges that he is the
QP responsible for submitting structural drawings to the BCA and points out
that the BCA approved these drawings. He says that the only conditions which
the BCA imposed on the approval granted had to do with the safety and
structural integrity of the building. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 111.

Thus, he says, his duties are confined to ensuring that the works are
structurally safe.

131 This must be correct so far as his statutory duties are concerned. But, as
I have already observed above, the engineer also concedes that he has a duty
to incorporate the architect’s design intent into his structural drawings. I
have found above that this duty, as supported by the industry practice, does
include the drawings duty.

132 The engineer makes a further point on this. He argues that the duty to
incorporate the architect’s design intent is not immutable and rigid, because
it is possible to apply to the URA for approval of an amended design or waiver
of deviation from the approved design. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 119.

But to my mind, this goes to a later element of the negligence analysis, ie
breach of duty. The fact that the structural drawings are inconsistent with
the written permission drawings is a prima facie breach which is capable of
then being cured by the approval of amended structural drawings which are
consistent with the written permission drawings, just as a deviation from the
approved design may be a prima facie breach that is treated as cured if waived
by the URA. This point does not really assist the engineer at this stage of
the analysis in tort, where the focus is on the existence of a duty of care.

133 The next broad area of contentions as far as the indicium of assumption of
responsibility is concerned is that the engineer did not himself endorse the
drawings that were actually submitted for approval to the URA and which were
ultimately approved, ie, the written permission drawings. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 67 – 75.

It flows from this that he also did not endorse the declarations made on the
face of those drawings, for example, the declaration that the alterations to
the structure comprised in the drawings are in accordance with the
conservation principles (see [126] above).

134 To make this point, the engineer draws a distinction between a statement
on the face of a drawing that a particular professional has endorsed a drawing
and the process whereby a particular professional applies his personal digital
encryption to a drawing at the time the drawing is electronically submitted to
the relevant authority. It is only the latter, he says, which represents the
professional’s assumption of responsibility for a specific drawing.

135 Here, the engineer applied his personal digital encryption to only one set
of architectural drawings, those submitted on 21 January 2011. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 71.

However, the architect continued to submit drawings on his own up until 22
February 2011, and it is on this last set of drawings that the WP drawings
were based. By that time, the design had changed from that comprised in the 21
January 2011 drawings. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 73.

The engineer did not apply his personal digital encryption to any of the later
drawings, and thus argues that he cannot be said to have assumed
responsibility for them. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 75.

136 The engineer further asserts that he applied his personal digital
encryption on 21 January 2011 on the understanding and assurance from the
architectural team at NGPL that these were merely preliminary architectural
and structural drawings 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 72.

and that the drawings would be further amended and that he would be allowed to
respond to those amendments and to update his structural drawings. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2017) at p 164 (lines 1 – 31).

137 I should note for the sake of completeness that the engineer does not
expressly submit that these arguments are directed towards contesting
assumption of responsibility. But it is obvious to me that it is this indicium
of proximity which the engineer is attacking by pointing out that he did not
personally encrypt the written permission drawings.

138 I find, however, that nothing material turns on the absence of encryption.
I asked counsel for the engineer specifically what material differences there
are between the drawings which the engineer did personally encrypt and the
drawings which the architect later submitted to the URA and which eventually
became the written permission drawings. Counsel confirmed that there
essentially “were no real, material differences”. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2017) at p 165 (lines 1 – 4).

I also asked counsel for the engineer whether the engineer knew that the
drawings which the engineer did encrypt for submission to the BCA were also to
be submitted to the URA. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2017) at p 165 (lines 31 – 32).

Counsel confirmed that this was the case. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2017) at p 166 (lines 1 – 2).

139 It is apparent to me that the engineer gave thought to the structural
drawings and assumed responsibility for them in the form in which they were
submitted. It is of no assistance to him that he thought his drawings were
only a preliminary drawing or a “draft” and that he could revisit or revise
his drawings later. By encrypting his drawings and submitting them, he assumed
professional responsibility for those drawings. His assumption of
responsibility was tied to those drawings, not simply to that specific
submission of those drawings. Nothing material in his drawings changed from
the first submission which the engineer personally encrypted and the
subsequent submissions which he did not. The engineer also knew full well that
his drawings were being reused in subsequent submissions even if he did not
personally encrypt them for each of those subsequent submissions.

140 In these circumstances, I find that the lack of personal encryption by the
engineer does not allow him to disclaim any assumption of responsibility for
his drawings whatsoever. It may be that the engineer cannot be held
responsible under the relevant statute for the contents of the later
structural drawings on the basis that he did not add his personal encryption
to them before submission. But that is not the question before me. Insofar as
the tort of negligence is concerned, and on the facts before me, the lack of
encryption does not negate the assumption of responsibility.

141 Under the third broad area of contention, the engineer argues that the
owner’s conscious and deliberate allocation of risk within the contractual
framework between the parties militates against the engineer owing a duty of
care to the owner. He also submits that this is a consideration to be
accounted for at the policy stage of the Spandeck test. For the same reasons I
have given in my analysis of proximity in relation to the architect, I
consider this to be an argument which goes largely towards proximity and not
policy. I therefore consider this argument now, at the proximity stage.

142 The engineer makes three points.

143 First, he submits that the owner contracted with the contractor on the
Singapore Institute of Architects Articles and Conditions of Building Contract
– Lump Sum Contract 9th Edition (“SIA Building Contract”). It is part of the
structure of that contract that the contractor takes instructions from the
architect rather than from the engineer.

144 Second, the engineer relies on the fact that the owner did not enter into
a contractual relationship with him. Instead, the owner entered into contracts
only with the contractor and with NGPL. Further, it was NGPL who in turn
engaged NDAE and NDAE who then engaged the engineer’s services.

145 Finally, the engineer submits that the need for distributive justice
militates against the engineer owing a duty of care to the owner. To support
this submission, the engineer cites the Court of Appeal’s decision in Tan Juay
Pah v Kimly Construction Pte Ltd and others [2012] 2 SLR 549. The engineer
submits that participants in the construction industry are in the business of
managing commercial risk through contracts and the imposition of a duty of
care in tort risks undermining the private, consensual and bargained-for
allocation of risk, and therefore the framework of distributive justice. The
engineer points to his small fee of $5,000 or 1% of the contract sum, 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

6AB3022 – 3023.

and the limited scope of his work – confined to structural design and
structural submissions to the BCA – as an indication of the limited risk which
the engineer assumed. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 168.

146 The owner’s response is twofold. Its first point is that the contractual
framework was not structured in the way it was in order to exclude a duty of
care owed by the engineer. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 158.

The owner points to the fact that its relationship with the engineer was under
a single and linear chain of three contracts and that the engineer knew that
his services were engaged for the owner’s ultimate benefit. On this point, the
owner also notes that is not unusual in the construction industry for the
owner to hire a project consultant who in turn hires the professionals. The
owner’s second point is that the policy considerations pointing towards a duty
of care resting on a QP (Structural) outweigh the engineer’s policy argument
on distributive justice. Even accepting that the engineer’s fee under the
contract was small and his scope of work limited, the engineer was aware that
the owner relied on him to exercise reasonable care in rendering his
professional advice and services.

147 To my mind, the owner’s contractual arrangements do not militate against a
duty of care. The engineer’s point that the contractual arrangement between
the owner and the contractor did not permit the engineer to direct the
contractor does not really assist engineer. The owner’s complaints centre on
the lack of consistency between the engineer’s and the architect’s drawings
and on the professionals’ failure to supervise. The owner’s complaint does not
centre on whether the contractor demolished or rebuilt the features under the
architect’s or the engineer’s direction.

148 Further, the engineer is right in saying that there were several degrees
of separation between him and the owner: there is one degree of separation
between the owner and NGPL, another degree of separation between NGPL and
NDAE, and a final degree of separation between NDAE and the engineer. But the
fact of these degrees of separation is not itself enough to exclude a duty of
care in tort from arising because the evidence does not suggest that these
arrangements were deliberately made to exclude such a duty.

149 As regards the degree of separation between NGPL and NDAE, the engineer’s
argument is that he did not know of this relationship when he agreed to take
on this engagement. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 10; Certified Transcript (13
November 2017) at p 195 (lines 2 – 15).

So for the purposes of this case, that degree of separation cannot be
considered to be a deliberate structuring of the contractual relationships to
exclude a duty of care in tort arising. In fact, the engineer would have
thought that there was only one intermediary between himself and the owner, ie
NDAE. Moreover, the engineer would have seen NDAE as being owner’s project
consultants. The hurdle that NDAE presents as an intermediary between the
owner and the engineer can then be overcome by the engineer’s own admission
that it is not unusual in the construction industry for an owner to hire a
project consultant, who then hires the professionals. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Certified Transcript (8 May 2017) at p 78 (lines 11 – 32).

The project consultant can then be thought of as the owner’s representative,
and a duty owed to the project consultant can thus be thought of as being owed
to the owner, as the engineer must have known that his services are performed
for the owner’s ultimate benefit, regardless of whether it is the owner who
contracts directly with the engineer or whether it is the owner’s
representative, the project consultant, who contracts with the engineer. This
therefore narrows that degree of separation between the owner and NDAE. Thus,
the contractual arrangements, viewed holistically, and bearing in mind that
the engineer must have known that his services were being performed for the
ultimate benefit of the owner, do not suggest that they were structured to
exclude a duty of care.

150 As for the point on distributive justice, I am not persuaded that it is an
accurate depiction of the allocation of risk and liability between the parties
to say that the engineer bears responsibility for his work only insofar as it
affects safety and structural integrity. As indicated above, the engineer by
taking on the duties of QP (Structural) took on more than simply that narrow
duty. More specifically, the engineer did assume responsibility to comply with
the conservation principles. So it does not appear to me that the scope of the
engineer’s responsibility is as narrowly confined as the engineer makes it out
to be.

151 I make a final point on the supervision duty. The supervision duty does
not require the engineer to be on site at all times. The duty cannot therefore
require the engineer to take pre-emptive action to prevent deviations from the
written permission drawings before the deviations take place. What the
supervision duty requires of the engineer in practical terms instead is to
carry out inspections with reasonable frequency and with reasonable care. If
such an inspection would have revealed the existence of deviations from the
written permission drawings, he would be expected to draw the architect’s
attention to the deviation and the need for rectification. A deviation in this
sense includes a feature which should not have been demolished, a feature
which has been constructed but which should not be there at all and a feature
which has not been reinstated correctly. The supervision duty thus framed
takes account of the contractual power granted to the architect under cl 1.(1)
of the SIA Building Contract to order the contractor to rectify works, a power
which the engineer does not have. The engineer’s supervision duty is therefore
slightly narrowed in this regard.

Stage 2: Policy considerations

152 The engineer submits that the statutory regime militates against the
engineer owing a duty of care to the owner. This is because the engineer’s
status was only the QP (Structural), with responsibility for making
submissions only to the BCA under the Building Control Act and not to the URA.
The focus of the BCA and the Building Control Act is only structural safety.
Conversely, the URA’s role arises under the Planning Act and is focused on
aesthetics.

153 The owner’s response is that the engineer’s duties are not so narrowly
confined. The engineer also owed a duty to comply with the Conservation
Guidelines. Further, the owner submits that even if the engineer’s duty is
only to ensure structural safety and integrity, that duty nevertheless
required the engineer to ensure that the structural aspects of the works
complied with the authorities’ requirements. That included ensuring that the
engineer’s structural drawings were consistent with the written permission
drawings. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 160 and 162.

154 I hold that the statutory regime does not militate against the engineer
owning a duty of care in tort to the owner. As I have already indicated above,
such a finding serves only to reinforce the objectives of the statutory
regime. Further, the owner is right in pointing out that the engineer’s duties
go beyond the ambit of the Building Control Act, and beyond the narrow
confines of ensuring structural safety and integrity.

155 From the above analysis, I conclude that the engineer also owes a duty of
care in tort to the owner to discharge the drawings duty and the supervision
duty.

Issue 3: Breaches of obligations in respect of the deviations

156 I now turn to consider whether, in respect of each of the four deviating
features, the contractor breached its contractual obligation to the owner and
whether the architect and the engineer breached their duty of care to the
owner.

Preliminary issue: contractor’s arguments on acquiescence, waiver and estoppel

157 The contractor has mounted arguments on acquiescence, waiver, and
estoppel. I understand these to be general arguments which are not specific to
any particular feature. I therefore consider them here at the outset. I
observe that these points were not pleaded and emerged only at the eleventh
hour, in the contractor’s submissions. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 155 – 174.

I therefore consider that the contractor is not entitled to rely on them as
defences to the owner’s claim for breach of contract.

Feature 1: the rear roof slab

158 The first feature in respect of which deviations have occurred is the rear
roof slab. There are two deviations complained of. The first deviation
concerns the demolition of the slab even though the written permission
drawings required the slab to be retained and even though the URA did not
grant permission for the slab to be demolished. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 233.

The second deviation concerns the reconstruction of the rear roof slab flush
with the front roof slab, without the original 510 mm drop in elevation. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 233.

159 I first set out my findings on what the drawings indicate in respect of
the rear roof slab.

What the drawings indicate

160 I find that the written permission drawings clearly show that the rear
roof slab was to be retained. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Exhibit C1.

The slab is indicated in cyan, which under the colour coding in the Code of
Practice means that that feature is to be retained. The written permission
drawings also indicate a drop in elevation.

161 I find that the construction drawings also show that the rear roof slab
was to be retained. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

1PB1 and 1PB2.

The rear roof slab is not delineated with a dotted line, which is used to
denote a feature which is to be demolished. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

See Legend on Construction Drawings.

There is also an annotation which indicates a 510mm drop in level from the
front roof slab.

162 I find that the structural drawings do not show that the rear roof slab is
to be demolished. But I do find that the structural drawings are inconsistent
with the written permission drawings and the construction drawings. The
inconsistency arises because the structural drawings are inconsistent on their
face. The evidence of both experts is that parts of the structural drawings
indicate a drop in the finished floor level, while the beams that support the
rear slab do not show such a drop. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Certified Transcript (11 May 2017) at pp 49 (lines 1 – 32), 50 (lines 1 – 32),
51(lines 1 – 32), 52 (lines 1 – 5) [Huay Kwok Meng]; Certified Transcript (9
May 2017) at p 100 (lines 15 – 17) [Dr Tan Teng Hooi].

The contractor

163 I first analyse the contractor’s liability. The contractor does not deny
that it demolished the rear roof slab and reconstructed it flush with the
front roof slab. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 122.

Its pleaded case, however, is that it demolished and reconstructed the roof
slab in accordance with the architect’s and the engineer’s instructions given
in an exchange of two emails on 1 September 2011. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Plaintiff’s Reply & Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 22.

First, the contractor sent an email to Lee Boon Pin from NGPL, copied to the
engineer. This email is important and deserves setting out in full: 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

7AB3590.

Dear Mr. Boon Pin,

As discussed during my visit to your office yesterday afternoon, we write to
confirm that we shall do away with the 510mm drop at rear portion of roof
terrace at GL: B-D/ 2-4 since we are constructing the slab.

Pls refer to autocad file attached.

Regards,

Tan Kim Siong

164 Second, Lee Boon Pin acknowledged that email on the same day: 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

7AB3592.

Dear Tan

We acknowledge, pls concur with [the engineer].

Regards,

BP

I shall collectively refer to these two emails as the “1 September 2011
correspondence”.

165 In its submissions, the contractor also refers to an extended line of
correspondence and face-to-face meetings beginning in 23 February 2011 and
ending on 30 September 2011 which it claims shows that the project management
team instructed it to demolish the rear roof slab and reconstruct it flush
with the front slab. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 124 – 134.

166 The owner argues that the contractor must fail on its pleaded case because
the rear roof slab had been demolished even before the 1 September 2011
correspondence and even before the discussions referred to in that
correspondence. The owner also attacks the new line of correspondence and
meetings the plaintiff now seeks to rely on, pointing out that the contractor
was not copied on any of the emails it now purports to rely on and did not
participate in any of those discussions. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 76.

167 I hold the contractor liable for breach of contract in respect of both of
these deviations. The contractor fails on its pleaded defence. The evidence of
Lau Teck Hwa, the contractor’s sole witness at trial, is that the rear slabs
were demolished by the end of July. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Certified Transcript (29 March 2016) at p 59 (lines 1 – 8).

This is confirmed by the Minutes of Site Meeting for 13 July 2013 (“13 July
2013 Minutes”) which at item 2.2 indicates that “WS inform that as of 13th
July 2011 demolition works to rear of development have been completed”. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

1AB538.

Indeed, the contractor’s submissions rely on these very minutes as evidence
that, by that date, it had brought its demolition of the rear roof slab to the
attention of the parties and had failed to hear any objections. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 128.

168 This means that the 1 September 2011 correspondence which the contractor
cites as being the instruction from the architect and the engineer to demolish
and reconstruct the slabs cannot possibly be a written instruction to carry
out such works. It simply came too late.

169 I note, however, that the contractor relies in its submissions on cl 1.(1)
of the SIA Building Contract. That provision deems an oral instruction of the
architect to have been given in writing and on the date it is given orally
provided that: (a) the contractor confirms the oral instruction in writing
within 14 days; and (b) the architect does not withdraw the instruction within
14 days after receipt of the contractor’s confirmation. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 19.

This is an important contractual provision: 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

1AB82.

… Any direction or instruction [of the Architect] given verbally shall be
deemed to have been given in writing, and have retrospective effect from the
date of the verbal direction or instruction, provided that the Contractor
confirms the direction or instruction in writing within 14 days of its being
given, and that the Architect does not within 14 days of receipt of the
written confirmation dissent from or withdraw the direction of instruction… In
addition the Architect may (but shall not be obliged to) at any time
subsequently confirm in writing any direction or instruction previously given
verbally by him, in which event the confirmation shall have retrospective
effect as a written direction or instruction given at the time of the verbal
direction or instruction…

170 This clause refers to instructions given “verbally”. I have read that to
mean “orally”. The two words are not synonyms, even though they are often
misused that way. An instruction is given verbally if it is embodied in words
rather than in some other form, eg, by conduct or in symbols. An instruction
is given orally if it is given by means of speech rather than in writing. A
written instruction is not an oral instruction but is a verbal instruction if
it is given in words. This point of usage aside, I understand the contractor’s
argument to be that the 1 September 2011 correspondence is its confirmation of
an oral instruction given by the architect no more than 14 days earlier.

171 I do not accept this argument. In the first place, the argument
contradicts the evidence of Lau Teck Hwa that the slab had been demolished by
July 2011. That is well outside the 14-day window stipulated by cl 1.(1) of
the SIA Building Contract. This argument also contradicts the demolition
recorded in the 13 July 2011 Minutes.

172 But even if that finding is wrong, I am in any event not persuaded that
the 1 September 2011 correspondence represents the contractor’s confirmation
within the 14-day window of an oral instruction from the architect. In
particular, I am not persuaded that the architect gave any such oral
instruction to the contractor in the first place. I am guided on this point by
two aspects of the contractor’s pleadings. First, the contractor’s pleaded
defence 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Contractor’s Reply & Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 22.

is that the architect and the engineer “on or about 1 September 2011
instructed” the contractor to demolish the slab. That plea is completely
inconsistent with the case that the architect gave an oral instruction earlier
which the contractor merely confirmed on 1 September 2011.

173 This reading is confirmed by further and better particulars which the
contractor supplied to the owner of this same paragraph of its defence. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Plaintiff’s Further & Better Particulars (“F&BP”) (15 March 2013).

The owner asked for particulars of the instruction which had been pleaded, and
asked specifically whether it was the contractor’s case that the instruction
had been given orally. The particulars supplied by the contractor asserted
that the instruction was “confirmed in writing”. That does not shed much
light. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Plaintiff’s F&BP (15 March 2013) at para 2(i).

But the owner also asked for the following particulars, in the event that the
contractor’s case was that the alleged instruction had been given orally: (a)
the date the alleged instruction was communicated; (b) the person(s) who
communicated the alleged instruction and to whom the alleged instruction was
communicated; and (c) the full terms of the alleged instruction. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Plaintiff’s F&BP (15 March 2013) at para 2(iii); (vi); (ix).

The particulars supplied by the contractor in response said that all of these
requests were “Not Applicable”. That indicates to me that an oral instruction
before 1 September 2011 was never part of the contractor’s case. I infer that
that there was in fact no such oral instruction. These particulars were given
much closer in time to the acts which gave rise to the parties’ dispute. I
consider the position which the contractor took in its particulars are more
reliable and free of artifice than the contractor’s belated attempt now to
rely on cl 1.(1) of the SIA Building Contract.

174 The contractor’s pleaded defence therefore fails.

175 The above analysis is sufficient to dispose of the contractor’s breach of
contract for the deviations in respect of the rear roof slab. I will, however,
make some brief observations on the other arguments offered by parties.

176 I agree with the owner that the contractor’s belated reliance on the line
of correspondence and discussions over a period from 23 February 2011 to 30
September 2011 does not assist it. The evidence before me does not suggest
that the contractor knew of the correspondence or participated in the
discussions at the relevant time.

177 So far as the correspondence is concerned, the contractor was not a
recipient of the 23 February 2011 email, 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

6AB3066 – 3067.

and was not copied on the reply. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

6AB3068.

I therefore fail to see how the contractor could have “accordingly” proceeded
to demolish the rear roof slab. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 128.

I have already dealt with the 1 September 2011 correspondence above, and found
that it does not assist the plaintiff. And similarly, the contractor was also
not party to the emails of 28 September 2011 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

7AB3649.

and 30 September 2011. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

7AB3649.

In those emails, the owner queried Lee Boon Pin why the original roof slab had
not been retained. His reply was that the engineer had indicated that the slab
should be new and thus was cast flush with the existing front roof slab. This
exchange of emails therefore also cannot serve as an instruction to demolish,
especially because it was far too late at that point in time in any event.

178 In sum, I do not see how the correspondence represents an instruction on
the part of the owner, or the architect, or the engineer, to the contractor to
demolish the rear roof slab and recast it flush with the front roof slab.

179 And as for the discussions, the contractor makes reference to the 13 July
2011 Minutes as evidence of it having informed the owner, the project
management team and the engineer – all of whom were present at the meeting –
of the fact that the rear roof slab had been demolished by that time. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 116.

I accept that this is what item 2.2 of the minutes indicate. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

1AB538.

I also accept that the minutes record no objection to this. But the lack of
objection does not in itself amount to an instruction – belated or otherwise –
that the rear roof slab be demolished.

180 In any event, I would add that the contractor has also not pointed me to a
legal basis on which a failure to object relieves the contractor of his
obligation to carry out his works in compliance with the SIA Building
Contract. The architectural drawings became the written permission drawings
and the structural drawings, both of which are part of the Contract Documents,
as defined in the SIA Building Contract: see [206] below.

The architect

181 I now examine the architect’s liability. The owner has not vigorously
advanced arguments in its written submissions against the architect in respect
of the rear roof slab, and seems to be content for the contractor to be
responsible alone for this breach. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 271.

The owner did, however, repeat in its oral closing submissions the arguments
for a breach of the supervision duty because of the architect’s failure to
detect, after the fact, either that the rear roof slab had been demolished or
that it had been reconstructed without the required drop in elevation. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2017) at p 48 (lines 1 – 8).

182 The architect’s arguments are pitched both quite generally in respect of
the architect’s standard of care as a whole, and also more specifically in
respect of these particular deviations. At the more general level, the
architect argues that the standard of care he should be held to requires him
to exercise only reasonable care and skill and not to discover each and every
defect. In this regard, he relies on the following passage in Jackson & Powell
which sets out the standard of care of an architect: 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Second Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 94.

The standard of reasonable care and skill is not a standard of perfection. It
does not make an architect, for example, the insurer or guarantor that work
has been properly done. It is not sufficient to prove an error in order to
show that there has been a failure to exercise reasonable care and skill.
Actual negligence must be proven. Similarly, an error of judgment or wrong
opinion is not necessarily negligent.

183 The architect also relies on another passage in Jackson & Powell to argue
that an architect can fulfil his obligation to carry out a reasonable
examination of the works even if he does not discover every defect in the
works: 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Second Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 92.

Reasonable examination of the works does not require the architect to go into
every matter in detail. It is recognised that some defects and insufficiencies
may escape his notice. Further, it by no means follows that in failing to
discover a defect which a reasonable examination would have disclosed the
architect is necessarily negligent.

184 Finally, at the more specific level, the architect also argues that it was
not his role to supervise the contractor’s method of working and thus not his
responsibility to stop the contractor from demolishing and reconstructing the
slabs if the contractor had adopted that as his chosen method of working. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Second Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 96; second Defendant’s Reply
Submissions at para 22.

185 In his reply submissions, the architect also argues 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Second Defendant’s Reply Submissions, para 24.

that the owner’s approach in its submissions does not assert any liability on
the part of the architect for this deviation. The architect relies on this as
the owner conceding that the contractor alone is responsible for this
deviation and as absolving the architect of liability for it.

186 I hold that the architect is liable for breaching both his drawings duty
and his supervision duty in relation to the demolition of the rear roof slab.
I do not perceive the owner’s failure to pursue arguments against the
architect in his written submissions as an abandonment of the owner’s pleaded
case that the architect is liable for this breach. Indeed, I take the view
that the analysis of the deviation in respect of the rear roof slab is
virtually identical to the analysis of the deviations in respect of the second
and third storey rear slabs, which I consider below. If the architect is
liable for one, he must also liable for the other.

187 So far as the drawings duty is concerned, the evidence before me is that
there is a divergence between the structural drawings on the one hand, and the
written permission drawings and the construction drawings on the other. The
drawings duty requires the architect to ensure consistency between the
drawings. This he has failed to do. He has therefore breached his drawings
duty. I do not consider this, however, to be a significant breach in that the
inconsistencies he failed to identify did not indicate that the slab was to be
demolished. And, in any event, all three drawings show that the drop in
elevation between the front and the rear slab was to be retained.

188 Similarly, as far as the supervision duty is concerned, there has been a
failure to identify the deviations and have them rectified in a timely manner.
I accept that the 13 July 2011 Minutes do not record the architect as being
present at that meeting. I therefore accept that he did not learn of the
demolition at the same time as the engineer or the owner. But I nevertheless
repeat my observations earlier that although it was not incumbent on the
architect to prevent the deviations from occurring – as it was not his duty to
visit the site frequently enough to do so – for this case at least, he should
have noticed that the rear roof slab had been reconstructed in a way that
deviated from the written permission drawings, and have the deviation either
rectified or waived prior to the project completion date.

The engineer

189 I now come to consider the engineer’s liability. As with his arguments
against the architect on this feature, the owner has not vigorously pursued
the engineer for breach of duty in his written submissions for the rear roof
slab deviation. The owner did, however, cite breaches of the supervision duty
because of the failure to detect the deviations in a timely manner. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2017) at p 48 (lines 1 – 8).

190 The engineer admits that he did recommend that the original roof slab be
demolished and replaced by a thicker slab. His evidence is that he did so for
reasons of safety, in order to increase the loading for the rear roof terrace
area. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 296.

He denies, however, that he is responsible for eliminating the drop in
elevation, as this was the architect’s decision. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 296.

191 I hold that the engineer has also breached both his drawings duty and his
supervision duty. The drawings duty was breached because the structural
drawings were inconsistent with the written permission drawings.

192 The engineer also breached his supervision duty because he failed to
detect the deviation in a timely manner and insist on its rectification. Quite
apart from whether demolition and recasting of the slab was necessary for
safety, the engineer should have detected that the rear slab should not have
been reconstructed flush with the front slab, because his own structural
drawings indicated a drop in elevation. I appreciate that the engineer does
not have the power under the SIA Building Contract to order the contractor to
rectify the deviation. But he could and reasonably should have detected this
deviation and drawn the architect’s attention to it and the need for it to be
rectified. The engineer opted instead to co-operate with the architect in
seeking a waiver from the URA of the reconstructed slab. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 299; 8AB4237 – 4239.

In this light, I consider that the engineer took on the risk of not obtaining
that waiver by the project completion date. The engineer therefore remains
liable for breaching his supervision duty, notwithstanding that the architect
had come to know that the slab had been incorrectly reconstructed without the
drop in elevation.

193 In summary, in relation to this deviation, I hold that the contractor is
in breach of contract and that the architect and the engineer both breached
their duties of care in tort.

Feature 2: the second and third storey slabs

194 The next feature in respect of which deviations occurred is the second and
third storey roof slabs. There are two key deviations. First, the contractor
demolished the slabs even though they were to be retained. Second, the
contractor reconstructed both slabs without the original drop in elevation,
which should never have been eliminated.

195 I first set out my findings on the drawings.

What the drawings indicate

196 The written permission drawings at Section 1-1 depict the original second
and third storey rear slabs in cyan. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Exhibit C1.

A feature indicated in cyan, under the recognised colour-coding convention for
AutoCAD drawings, is a feature which is to be retained. In addition, I find
that there is nothing in the written permission drawings to indicate in any
way that the existing drop in elevation is to be eliminated structurally.
Although there are magenta or purple lines in the written permission drawing
to indicate that the height of the rear section of the second and third
storeys should be raised to the same level as the rest of those storeys, this
is to do with the level of the floor to be laid over these rear slabs and not
with any change in the slabs themselves as structural elements. These lines do
not by themselves mean that the original slabs are to be demolished and
reconstructed flush.

197 The construction drawings, unlike the written permission drawings, are in
black and white. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

1PB1 and 1PB2.

Like the written permission drawings, however, I find that there is nothing in
the construction drawings to indicate that the second and third storey rear
slabs are to be demolished. Although the construction drawings indicate that
the height of the rear section of the second and third storeys should be
raised to the same level as the rest of the storey, the lines indicating the
new flush level are thinner than those indicating the original rear slabs.
This does not by itself mean that the original slabs should be demolished and
reconstructed at the new level.

198 I also find that there is nothing in the structural drawings 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Exhibit C3.

to indicate that the second and third storey rear slabs are to be demolished.
Where the structural drawings call for elements to be demolished, that intent
is indicated by drawing the elements using dotted lines and by the
accompanying annotations. But no such lines or annotations were used for the
second and third storey rear slabs. I do find, however, that the structural
drawings differ from the written permission drawings and the construction
drawings in that they suggest that a new concrete slab should be built on top
of the existing slabs, instead of the floor being raised using lightweight
material instead.

The contractor

199 I first examine the contractor’s liability. The contractor does not
dispute that it demolished the second and third storey rear slabs and
constructed them without a drop in elevation. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 96.

It justifies its actions in doing so on various grounds.

200 The contractor’s pleaded case is that the architect and the engineer
instructed the contractor around 1 September 2011 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

7AB3590.

that there was no need to accommodate any drop in elevation between the front
and rear slabs at the second and third storeys, thereby implying that the
contractor was to demolish the rear slabs and also to replace them with new
rear slabs flush with the front slabs. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Plaintiff’s Reply & Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 22.

The pleadings are not entirely clear as to what form the contractor says these
instructions took. The contractor’s counsel confirms in his closing
submissions that the contractor’s case is that these instructions were
reflected in the structural drawings. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2017) at p 79 (lines 18 – 27); 82 (lines 8 –
12); 94 (lines 8 – 15).

201 Evidence was given at trial in support of this argument. That evidence was
that the structural drawings showed that steps which covered the drop in
elevation from the front slab to the rear slab were to be removed. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Certified Transcript (29 March 2016) at p 25 (lines 8 – 12); 26 (lines 7 –
14).

202 The contractor’s final argument in its closing submissions is that it
could not have complied with the written permission drawings because it was
never given those drawings. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 66.

The contractor then submits, however, that in any event the finished floor
level for both these slabs in the written permission drawings indicates that
no drop in elevation from the front slab was meant to be accommodated. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 100.

It also submits that because the architect, the engineer and NGPL were aware
of the deviations but did not object to them, that there has been acquiescence
in the deviations. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 115.

Alternatively, the contractor argues that the owner is estopped from enforcing
its rights against the contractor.

203 The owner argues that the contractor has taken an incomplete view of the
drawings and ignored other aspects of the drawings which clearly indicate no
demolition and no reconstruction. The owner also argues that the
“instructions” referred to in the contractor’s pleaded case is a reference to
the 1 September 2011 correspondence. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2017) at pp 212 (lines 18 – 32); 213 (lines
1 – 9).

204 I hold that the contractor is liable for the deviations in respect of the
second and third storey slabs. I have found that there is nothing in the
structural drawings to indicate that the slabs were to be demolished. That
finding is sufficient to dispose of the contractor’s case on the demolition,
even on its own interpretation of its pleaded case.

205 Further, if the owner is correct that the pleaded “instructions” can only
mean the 1 September 2011 correspondence, I adopt my observations set out
above in respect of the rear roof slab. This correspondence could not possibly
have formed the instructions to demolish the second and third storey slabs
either. The evidence from Lau Teck Hwa is that the slabs had been demolished
by 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Certified Transcript (29 March 2016) at p 58 (lines 18 – 32); 59 (lines 1 –
8).

July 2011. This is confirmed in the 13 July 2011 Minutes. As mentioned above,
the minutes speak of the “demolition works to rear of development [having]
been completed” as of 13 July 2011. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

1AB538.

Those words are apt to cover not just the roof slab but also the second and
third storey slabs. So the 1 September 2011 correspondence would have come too
late to serve as instructions, whether one reads them as being the architect’s
written instruction themselves, or as written confirmation of the architect’s
earlier oral instructions.

206 As for the other deviation concerning reconstruction of the slabs at the
wrong height, the contractor’s pleaded reliance on the structural drawings as
instructions to do so also do not assist it. The contractor’s obligations are
set out in the SIA Building Contract. Clause 14 of the SIA Building Contract
requires the contractor immediately to give notice to the architect of any
“discrepancy or divergence… in or between any of the Contract Documents”. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

1AB93

Article 6 of the SIA Building Contract defines “Contract Documents” as
including “Drawings identified and signed by the parties as the Contract
Drawings on which the Contractor has based his prices”. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

1AB79.

This category of documents can be identified by having regard to the tender
documents, because the contractor based his prices on the tender that was
offered. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

1AB63.

In this case, the tender documents for the project include a “List of
Drawings”. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

1AB55, 411 – 414.

And this list in turn includes the architectural drawings that were eventually
submitted and approved as the written permission drawings, as well as the
structural drawings. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

1AB411 – 414.

Further, the contractor’s counsel has also confirmed that the construction
drawings form part of the Contract Documents. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2017) at p 88 (line 32); 89 (line 1).

207 What this means, therefore, is that the contractor was contractually
obliged to give notice to the architect about the divergence between the
drawings. The contractor had no contractual power to decide unilaterally to
follow one set of drawings and ignore the other. Indeed, Article 7 of the SIA
Building Contract expressly provides that the “Contract Documents shall be
read and construed as a whole, and no special priority other than that
accorded by law shall apply to any one document or group of documents”. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

1AB79.

So it is all the more the case that the contractor could not, at his own whim
and fancy, favour the structural drawings over the written permission
drawings.

208 A possible defence that might be raised is that the contractor’s
obligation to give notice to the architect about a divergence between the
drawings is not an absolute obligation but one which arises only in respect of
a divergence between the drawings which a contractor exercising reasonable
care and skill would have noticed. The expert evidence before me, however,
suggests that any contractor exercising reasonable care and skill would have
noticed this divergence. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Certified Transcript (9 May 2017) at p 98 (lines 13 – 28).

209 The above sets out my views on the contractor’s pleaded case. I will,
however, set out my observations on other arguments as parties devoted lengthy
submissions to them. I first deal with the contractor’s contention that it had
only the tender drawings and never received the written permission drawings.
Even if this were true, the contractor’s own list of tender drawings includes
architectural drawings “80085_A_100_FP01” and “80085_A_100_FP02”. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

1AB411 – 414.

These are the same architectural drawings that were submitted to the URA and
approved as the written permission drawings. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

See Exhibit C1 (bottom right corner).

So the contractor would have been contractually obliged to comply with the
content of the written permission drawings in any event, which content
indicates that there should not be demolition of the slabs. Indeed, it bears
noting that the contractor has also relied on the finished floor levels
indicated in these architectural drawings as justification for the deviations.
169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 100.

This argument therefore does not assist the contractor.

210 I turn now to the contractor’s arguments concerning the demolition of the
steps and the finished floor levels. In my view, neither of these arguments
assist the contractor. The fact that the finished floor level at the rear
portion of the building is flush with the front portion does not mean that the
rear slabs must be demolished and reconstructed flush. Instead, it is
consistent with a new deck being placed on top of the rear slab, with the
finished floor level at the front and rear rendered flush by the construction
of the deck rather than by the demolition and reconstruction of a structural
element. Indeed, this much was conceded by Lau Teck Hwa in cross-examination.
170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Certified Transcript (29 March 2016) at p 77 (lines 22 – 32).

This in turn explains why the indications that the steps were to be removed do
not necessarily require the demolition of the rear slab. The steps that led
down from the front slab to the rear slab would not be necessary once a deck
made the finished floor level of the rear flush with the front. The removal of
the steps does not mean that the rear slab must be demolished and
reconstructed flush.

211 In any event, I also agree with the owner’s arguments that the contractor
has taken a selective view of the drawings and ignored clear indications that
the slabs were not to be demolished and reconstructed. Even if it were true
that the contractor did not have the written permission drawings in colour at
the time it demolished the slabs, it did have black and white construction
drawings at that time. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 66.

The Code of Practice indicates that dashed lines are to be used for deleted
elements. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

DBOD, p 138.

The demolished slabs were not indicated using dashed lines, as conceded by Lau
Teck Hwa in cross-examination. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Certified Transcript (29 March 2016) at p 82 (lines 9 – 15).

The contractor should have observed these clear indications that the slab were
to be retained.

The architect

212 I now analyse the architect’s liability. The owner argues that the
architect breached his drawings duty because the written permission drawings
show that a non-permanent lightweight flooring system was meant to be built
over the second and third storey rear slabs to make the rear of the building
flush with the front, whereas the structural drawings indicate that the floor
level at the rear was to be achieved by constructing a new concrete slab on
top of (and not instead of) the existing rear slab. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 215.

213 The owner also argues that the architect breached his supervision duty
because he failed to detect the deviations in a timely way. The owner relies
on the contractor’s progress claim submitted on 12 July 2011 in which the
contractor claimed payment for demolishing these slabs. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 185(a).

The owner also points out that the architect failed to notice these
demolitions when he conducted a site inspection on 20 July 2011. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 217.

214 The architect’s arguments in response to the owner essentially parallel
those which I have summarised in respect of the rear roof slab at [182]–[184].

215 I hold that the architect is in breach of his drawings duty because there
is a failure to ensure consistency between the written permission drawings and
the structural drawings. I consider, however, that this breach did not cause
significant loss to the owner. The inconsistency did not suggest that the rear
slabs were to be demolished or reconstructed. Instead, the inconsistency
concerned the material to be used to render the finished floor level at the
rear of the building flush with the front.

216 As for the supervision duty, I hold that the architect has also breached
this duty. The Court of Appeal held in Sim & Associates at [57] that an
architect is required to exercise only reasonable supervision over building
works, to be measured against the standard of the reasonably skilled
architect. I accept that this standard of supervision does not entail
detection of every defect and breach. Similarly, I accept that the architect
is not obliged to be, and therefore may not be, physically present at the site
at all times. That said, I take the view that an architect exercising
reasonable care and skill would have detected these deviations from the
approved plans.

217 The 13 July 2011 Minutes indicate at item 2.2 that “demolition works to
rear of development have been completed with partial completion to 2nd and 3rd
stories at front of development”. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

1AB538.

This indicates that the second and third storey rear slabs had been demolished
at that date. The architect’s evidence is that he conducted a site inspection
on, among other dates, 20 July 2011. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Hector Chia’s AEIC at para 16.

But his evidence is that he did not detect the deviations at that time.
Indeed, he only came to know of these deviations only in November 2012. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Hector Chia’s AEIC at para 80.

218 I take the view that the architect’s failure to detect these deviations
was a breach of his supervision duty. These were not minor defects that might
have escaped the notice of a reasonable architect exercising reasonable care
and skill in supervision. This deviation involved gross structural features
being completely removed from the building. I accept that the architect may
not have been able to prevent the demolition. He was not obliged to be on-site
at all times and the demolition may have taken place between his site visits.
But in my view the supervision duty does require him to have detected the
demolition once it occurred, and to raise it with the contractor and require
rectification, or to obtain a waiver of the deviations from the URA before the
project completion date.

219 Further I do not think the argument as to the contractor’s method of
working assists the architect in any way. I do not consider demolition of
entire parts of the building to be merely a “method of working”. A method of
working, as the name suggests, is the process by which the contractor achieves
the intended outcome of a construction project. At any rate, it must refer to
a process that does not contravene the project intent. So any act which
breaches that intent, as shown in the project documents, cannot be
characterised as merely a “method of working”.

The engineer

220 I now consider the engineer’s liability. The owner argues that the
engineer breached both the drawings duty and the supervision duty. The
drawings duty was breached when the structural drawings did not conform to the
written permission drawings, as the former indicated that new concrete slabs
would be added on top of the existing rear slabs, instead of a lightweight
material as indicated in the latter. The supervision duty was breached when
the engineer failed to prevent the demolition of the slabs and when he failed
to ensure that the original drops in elevation were retained when the slabs
were reconstructed.

221 The engineer argues that his drawings duty was discharged once he had
submitted the structural drawings to the architect and received no
instructions from the architect to change the design. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 210 – 212.

According to the engineer, the architect’s express approval, failure to
comment or failure to object to the structural drawings must mean that the
engineer’s design obligations are fulfilled. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 212.

222 As for the supervision duty, the engineer contends that he did not breach
that duty because he was required to supervise only critical structural works.
182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 232, 238 – 240.

Demolition works are not critical structural works. There was thus no breach
of the supervision duty.

223 I hold that the engineer is liable for breaches of both the drawings duty
and the supervision duty. The drawings duty requires the engineer’s structural
drawings to conform to the written permission drawings, so far as structural
defects and irregularities are not contemplated within the latter. In that
event, the engineer’s duty is to draw the architect’s attention to them. There
is no allegation here that the written permission drawings contained any
structural defect or irregularity which required the structural drawings to
depart from the written permission drawings in respect of these particular
features. This being the case, the engineer is liable is liable for breaching
his drawings duty. I add also that this must be the right result, because
accepting the engineer’s argument effectively makes the architect the insurer
of the engineer’s design obligations, which cannot be right.

224 As for the supervision duty, I take the view that this duty was also
breached. I do not think that the supervision duty is as narrow in scope as
the engineer submits. A duty of care in tort does not necessarily mirror the
statutory duties to which the engineer is subject. As I observed above, the
duty of care that the engineer owes in this case is wider than the scope of
his statutory duties. I take the view that the supervision duty in this case
also extends to the detection of deviations from the written permission
drawings as occurred here. The engineer’s failure to detect the deviations is
therefore a breach of the supervision duty. The engineer, just like the
architect, was not required to be on site at all times and owed no duty to
prevent the demolition works from being carried out. But he should have
noticed that these features had been demolished and should have drawn the
architect’s attention to them.

225 But should I be wrong on this, I would also add that there has been a
breach of the supervision duty even on the engineer’s preferred
interpretation. The engineer has cited s 7(1)(c) of the Building Control Act
as authority for what is comprised in critical structural works. That
provision indicates that “concreting” is critical structural work. The
reconstruction of the demolished slabs would have involved concreting. The
failure of supervision lies in the failure to ensure that the slabs, upon
reconstruction, would be at the height specified in the written permission
drawings, ie, with a drop in elevation. This would hence be a breach of the
supervision duty in any event.

226 In summary, in relation to this deviation, I hold that the contractor is
in breach of contract and that the architect and the engineer both breached
their duties of care in tort.

Feature 3: the rear external staircase

227 I come now to the third feature in respect of which a deviation from the
approved plans – the written permission drawings – occurred. This involves the
construction of a rear external staircase towards the back of the building
using an “H” structure comprising thick columns and beams. The URA indicated
that this structure was non-compliant because it (a) did not end at the
original roof level of the rear service block; and (b) the beams and columns
“[were] too heavy looking and change[d] the architectural character of the
rear service block”. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

3AB1326 at para 3 of the table.

What the drawing indicate

228 I first set out my findings on what the various plans indicate in respect
of this feature. I find that the “H” structure was not indicated in the
written permission drawings and construction drawings. Conversely, I find that
the “H” structure was indicated in the structural drawings.

229 Before I turn to analyse the breaches committed each party, I note a
preliminary issue concerning the scope of this set of deviations. The owner
has submitted that the true issue concerning the rear external staircase is
the use of the “H” structure, as the deviation in respect of the staircase
failing to meet the original roof level of the rear service block is merely a
consequence that flows from the deviations in respect of the demolition and
reconstruction of the rear roof slab at a new, raised height. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 276 – 278.

I accept this submission. I have already analysed the deviations in respect of
the rear roof slab above. In the analysis which follows, therefore, I focus
only on the “H” structure.

The contractor

230 I now analyse the contractor’s liability. The owner accepts that the
contractor is not responsible for the inconsistency in the drawings, but
argues that the contractor is liable for failing to clarify the divergence
between the two drawings, and simply electing to follow the structural
drawings over the written permission drawings and the construction drawings.
185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 288(c).

The engineer has also makes these same arguments, although with the different
aim of absolving himself of liability. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Third Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 77 – 78.

231 The contractor submits that there were project managers, the architect,
engineers, an RTO, and an Accredited Checker engaged for the project, and any
one of these personnel could have stepped in to verify and ensure consistency
between the various drawings. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 141.

232 In any event, the contractor argues that it was reasonable for it to have
constructed the “H” structure in accordance with the structural drawings. This
was a structural element, and therefore the structural drawings should take
precedence over the written permission drawings and the construction drawings,
bearing in mind that the contractor only had in its possession the structural
drawings, the tender drawings, and the construction drawings. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 142.

233 The owner has rightly indicated that the contractor is not to be liable
for the inconsistency in the drawings. I agree, and I speak no more of this
matter.

234 I do find, however, that the contractor has nevertheless breached his
contractual obligations by constructing the “H” structure and simply choosing
to follow the structural drawings over the other drawings available to it. As
I have previously elaborated, cl 14 of the SIA Building Contract requires the
contractor to give notice to the architect of any divergence it identifies
between the drawings. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

1AB93.

Similarly, Article 7 of the SIA Building Contract indicates that no one
Contract Document is to be given precedence over another. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

1AB79.

The expert evidence before me indicates that this is not a divergence which a
reasonable contractor exercising reasonable care and skill could have failed
to identify. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Certified Transcript (9 May 2017) at pp 89 (lines 8 – 32); 90 (lines 1 – 10).

Thus, the contractor was in breach of contract in unilaterally electing to
follow the structural drawings over the other drawings. I would also add that
the contractor’s point about not having the written permission drawings does
not assist it. The written permission drawings are materially the same as the
tender drawings, as confirmed by the contractor’s own witness Lau Teck Hwa.
192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Certified Transcript (29 March 2016) at p 108 (lines 13 – 17).

Indeed, the tender drawings held by the contractor included the architectural
drawings that were essentially the same drawings approved by the URA as the
written permission drawings, as I observed earlier at [209]. Nothing turns,
therefore, on the different names of the drawings.

The architect

235 I now analyse the architect’s liability. The owner argues that the
architect is liable for breaching both his drawings duty and his supervision
duty. The architect breached the drawings duty because he failed to ensure
that the structural drawings were consistent with the written permission
drawings. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 288(a).

The architect breached the supervision duty because he failed to supervise the
contractor’s work and to ensure that it was carried out in accordance with the
written permission drawings in such a way as would allow the project to obtain
TOP. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 288(d).

236 On his part, the architect points out that it is patently clear that the
“H” structure was not part of his design and was not present in the written
permission drawings. The structural drawings which included the “H” structure
are incorrect. He submits that the written permission drawings must take
precedence over all other drawings. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Second Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 27.

237 I hold that the architect breached both his drawings duty and his
supervision duty. He breached the drawings duty because he failed to ensure
consistency between the written permission drawings and the structural
drawings. Similarly, the architect breached the supervision duty because he
failed to detect the deviation and failed to insist that the contractor
rectify it in a timely manner, even though the architect knew that it did not
comply with his own drawings.

The engineer

238 I next analyse the engineer’s liability. The owner argues that the
engineer breached both his drawings duty and his supervision duty. The
engineer breached the drawings duty when he failed to prepare his structural
drawings in accordance with the written permission drawings. The written
permission drawings ought to take precedence because only they are approved by
the URA. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 288(b).

The engineer also breached his supervision duty by failing to supervise the
contractor’s work and to ensure that it was carried out in accordance with the
written permission drawings in such a way as would allow the project to obtain
TOP. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 288(d).

239 The engineer argues that he had no duty to bring the “H” structure to the
architect’s attention. Instead, it was the architect whose duty it was to
review the structural drawings, together with the drawings of all the
consultants, before calling for tenders. There would have been no issue with
the “H” structure had the architect sought URA’s approval for it before
awarding the tender or allowing the works to start. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 323(i) and (ii).

The engineer also argues that even if he had a duty to bring the “H” structure
to the architect’s attention, he did so. Alternatively, if he failed to do so,
the failure did not cause loss to the owner. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 323(iii) and (iv).

240 I first deal with a preliminary point raised by the engineer: that he owed
no duty to ensure that his design was compliant with the Conservation
Guidelines, but only a statutory duty to ensure structural safety and
integrity of the project. This, strictly speaking, belongs under the duty of
care analysis, and I have already found that the engineer’s duty was not
confined to the statutory duty. It goes beyond that to include, in this case,
the drawings duty and the supervision duty. The engineer’s argument that the
“H” structure is a mere aesthetic feature therefore is neither here nor there.
Indeed, I am not sure how this submission that it is a mere aesthetic feature
can even be correct when this feature appeared only in the structural drawings
prepared by the engineer. One would expect the engineer to introduce
structural features and the architect to introduce aesthetic features.

241 I turn now to the substantive arguments on the “H” structure. The engineer
is correct that the architect has a duty to review drawings sent to him. But
he is wrong that this duty means that the engineer is given a free hand to
ignore the written permission drawings and design whatever he wishes, safe in
the knowledge that the architect will catch his errors. The architect is not
the insurer of the engineer’s mistakes. Nor is the engineer absolved of a
breach simply because he sends his structural drawings to the architect and
the architect fails to notice the breach. In that scenario, as here, both
parties are liable.

242 The simple fact of the matter is that the engineer’s drawings duty
included ensuring that his structural drawings conformed to the written
permission drawings save as required by his own discipline. He has breached
that duty here. I therefore find that he has breached his drawings duty.

243 I also hold that the engineer breached his supervision duty. The engineer
owes this duty not only in respect of detecting deviations that might affect
the building’s structural integrity and safety. The engineer’s duty of care is
not confined only to the strict confines of his statutory duty. What this
means is that the engineer should have detected deviations from the approved
plans, ie, the written permission drawings, and brought them to the attention
of the architect to ask that they be rectified in a timely fashion. This duty
is not discharged by merely sending structural drawings to the architect,
contrary to the engineer’s submissions. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 323(iii) and 335.

Even if that can be said to be notification, it addresses only deviation in
design. The breach here is that the engineer should have drawn to the
architect’s attention the fact that the “H” structure, as built, did not
comply with the written permission drawings, and asked that it be rectified.
It is not disputed that the engineer failed to do this. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

See also third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 338 and 345.

Feature 4: The rear boundary wall

244 I come now to the final feature in respect of which deviations occurred,
the rear boundary wall. Before proceeding further, I note that the owner has
conceded that the engineer does not bear any liability for this particular
feature. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2017) at p 50 (lines 18 – 21).

I therefore focus only on the liability of the contractor and the architect.

245 The deviation in respect of the boundary wall is that it was constructed
to a height above one metre, contrary to the written permission drawings.

246 I find that the written permission drawings and the construction drawings
both show a rear boundary wall of only one metre in height.

The contractor

247 I turn to analyse the contractor’s liability first. The contractor’s
pleaded defence is that it complied with all relevant construction drawings
which NGPL provided to it and that it complied with the instructions issued by
NGPL. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Contractor’s Reply & Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at para 25.

When asked to supply further and better particulars of where those
instructions could be found, 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Contractor’s F&BP (15 March 2013) at Answer 4(i).

the contractor identified specific drawings as reflecting the instructions it
was relying on.

248 The contractor took a different position at trial, however. At trial, the
contractor’s position is that the instructions are evidenced by an email from
Lau Teck Hwa on 9 December 2011 (“9 December 2011 email”) which purports to
record the agreement of the parties that the “[p]arty wall at 2nd storey
adjacent to rear spiral staircase to be extended to 1800mm high”. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

11AB5595.

The contractor contends that a “party wall” and a “boundary wall” are the same
thing. It also points to the fact that no other walls required work at the
time to argue that this could only have been a reference to the rear boundary
wall. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 149.

In this respect, it notes the sustained failure of the project management team
to object 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 150.

and points to evidence from the architect and engineer that no work was
required to be done save for the rear boundary wall. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 149.

249 It also notes that in any event this deviation did not require a great
deal of time to rectify, with rectification time measured in hours rather than
days. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 152.

It was therefore not a serious deviation.

250 The owner argues that the contractor is solely responsible for the breach
as both the written permission drawings and the construction drawings indicate
a rear boundary wall of only one metre in height. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 306.

The owner points out that the contractor has departed from its pleaded case
211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 298.

and, in any event, is wrong on its interpretation of the 9 December 2011
email. A party wall is quite different from a boundary wall, and no reasonably
skilled contractor could have mistaken one for the other. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 301.

The owner also argues that the contractor has taken the evidence of the
architect and the engineer out of context.

251 I find that the contractor breached his contractual obligation by
constructing the rear boundary wall at a height exceeding one metre. The
contractor’s pleaded defence fails for lack of evidence. Insufficient evidence
was given on how the drawings it relied on showed that the wall should be
built in excess of one metre in height, let alone how those drawings reflected
instructions from NGPL.

252 As for the contractor’s unpleaded defence, raised only at trial and in
arguments, I accept that a reasonably skilled contractor could not have
mistaken a party wall for a boundary wall. The 9 December 2011 email is
therefore of no assistance to the contractor. Further, I agree that the
engineer and the architect’s evidence was taken out of context, and no weight
should be placed on it in that regard.

The architect

253 The owner does not appear to have pursued arguments against the architect
for breach of duty in respect of the rear boundary wall. In my judgment, it is
clear that there is no breach of the drawings duty as the relevant drawings
were consistent and showed that the rear boundary wall was not to be built in
excess of one metre in height. But I do consider that there is a breach of the
supervision duty in failing to ensure compliance with the written permission
drawings, and timely rectification of the deviation once it had been
identified.

Issue 4: Causation

254 I come now to the issue of causation. It is first necessary to be clear
about what loss the owner claims it has suffered. The loss which the owner
claims can be classified under two broad headings. The first is the loss
suffered by reason of having to rectify the deviations. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 378 – 379.

The second is the loss suffered by reason of the delay in obtaining TOP for
the shophouse. As against the contractor, this would include liquidated and
other contractual damages for the delay. Additional losses which flowed from
the delay include the loss arising from the owner being unable to occupy or
utilise the shophouse until December 2014. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 378 – 379.

255 The owner has taken the position that the contractor, the architect, and
the engineer should be jointly and severally liable for all of the owner’s
loss. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2017) at p 59 (lines 22 – 30); 60 (lines 1 –
32); 61 (lines 9 – 19).

This is because each feature for which a deviation occurred was an effective
cause of the delay in the TOP being issued. Thus, should any party be found to
have caused even one deviation, that party becomes liable to bear the entire
loss which the owner has suffered.

256 The contractor, 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2017) at p 118 (lines 24- 25); 119 (lines 19
– 31).

the architect, 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2017) at p 119 (lines 19 – 31); 121 (lines 3
– 6).

and the engineer 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2017) at p 206 (lines 28 – 30).

have indicated to me that should I find any one of them liable in respect of a
particular deviation, they would like me to apportion liability as between
them. They have further agreed amongst themselves to waive the requirement of
serving contribution notices. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2017) at p 160 (lines 8 – 14).

This affects only the rights as between the parties found liable and not the
owner’s rights against them. Regardless of the apportionment, the owner
remains entitled to claim the entire loss from any one of the parties held
liable. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2017) at p 119 (lines 23 – 31); 121 (lines 3
– 6).

257 Despite the parties’ agreement, I decline at this stage to decide the
issue of apportionment between the defendants to the counterclaim. It appears
to me wrong in principle to decide that issue without hearing specific
submissions made by each defendant to the counterclaim in the light of my
findings in this judgment, in light of the specific heads of loss claimed
against that party. All of that can be done in the quantum phase of this
action. I therefore deal now only with causation.

258 I begin by considering the respective liabilities of the parties with
respect to each individual feature, before setting out my views on the
liabilities of the defendants collectively as against the owner.

Feature 1: rear roof slab

259 It is necessary to be clear about the loss to the owner by reason of this
deviation. The immediate loss to the owner is the cost of rectification.
Rectification involves reinstating the drop in elevation between the front
roof slab and the rear roof slab by demolishing the wrongly constructed rear
roof slab and constructing a new rear roof slab reinstating the drop in
elevation indicated in the written permission drawings. The loss to the owner
also includes the delay in obtaining TOP. It does not, however, include the
demolition of the original slab as that did not have to be rectified. What had
to be rectified was the reconstructed rear roof slab that was built flush.
Indeed, it appears that the elimination of the drop in elevation between the
front roof slab and the rear roof slab was the key cause for the URA refusing
to approve the TOP. The evidence before me suggests that the URA was prepared
to accept reconstruction of the rear roof slab if it had been necessary for
safety, ie to accommodate additional loading. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

3AB1322 at para 5; Certified Transcript (1 April 2016) at p 7 (lines 1 – 5).

260 Having defined the scope of the owner’s loss on this aspect of its case, I
now consider each party’s liability. I consider that the contractor caused
this loss. It constructed the slab flush despite the written permission
drawings and the construction drawings indicating a drop in elevation. The
contractor should have given notice to the architect of the divergence between
the structural drawings and the written permission drawings.

261 I consider that the architect and the engineer also caused this loss. The
architect and engineer breached their respective drawings duties in failing to
ensure consistency between the drawings. That said, this was not as potent a
cause given that the divergence was not large. The finished floor levels
indicated in the structural drawings do indicate a drop in elevation,
consistent with the written permission drawings and the construction drawings,
even if other parts of the structural drawings suggest otherwise. This being
the case, the structural drawings are inconsistent on its face and should have
invited greater scrutiny from the contractor.

262 The architect’s and engineer’s breaches of their supervision duties also
resulted in the loss occasioned by the delay in obtaining TOP. Upon
identifying that the slab had been wrongly reconstructed flush they did not
instruct rectification of the deviation by having the slab removed and drop in
elevation reinstated. Instead, they chose to seek a waiver of this deviation
from the URA. They failed to obtain that waiver. I consider that this too is a
cause of the owner’s loss.

263 In summary, I find that the contract, the architect and the engineer have
all contributed to the owner’s loss suffered in respect of the rear roof slab
deviations.

Feature 2: the second and third storey rear slabs

264 In my judgment, the relevant loss arising from the deviations to this
feature as are follows. First, there is the loss and damage involved in
rectifying the deviation. This is the cost of demolishing the reconstructed
slabs and reinstating the drop in elevation, as indicated in the written
permission drawings.

265 Second, so far as delay in obtaining TOP is concerned, the loss caused is
the delay in carrying out the rectification works I have just described. This
much is clear from the URA’s Direction of 12 December 2012, refusing
permission for the deviation as the wrong material was used (ie, the
reconstruction of the slabs using cement instead of a lightweight material as
indicated in the written permission drawings). 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

4AB2252 and 4AB2256 (item 5 of the table).

266 The relevant loss therefore arises out of the reconstruction of the slabs
with no drop in elevation, and a failure to ensure timely rectification or
waiver before the project completion date. I consider that the contractor, the
architect, and the engineer have each caused this loss.

267 The contractor contributed by reconstructing the slabs with no drop in
elevation. I accept, however, that based on the way the loss is characterised,
his breach of contract in demolishing the slabs does not go to this particular
loss.

268 The architect and the engineer also contributed to the loss by failing to
ensure that the structural drawings were consistent with the other drawings,
in particular the written permission drawings. This breach of their respective
drawings duties resulted in the contractor reconstructing the slabs with the
wrong material, which was a reason why the URA refused to grant permission for
them.

269 Further, the architect’s breach of his supervision duty in failing to have
the slabs rectified before the project completion date also contributed to the
loss, as did the engineer’s breach of his supervision duty. Even on his own
case, the engineer failed to supervise the concreting works to ensure that the
slab would not be reconstructed flush.

270 In the circumstances, I consider that all parties have caused the loss.

Feature 3: the rear external staircase

271 The deviation which occurred in respect of this feature was the
construction of the unauthorised “H” structure, to which the URA objected. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

URA’s Written Direction of 12 December 2012 at 4AB2252 – 2259.

Rectifying this defect involved demolishing this structure. The loss suffered
by the owner was therefore the cost of the rectification and the loss
occasioned by the delay in obtaining TOP as a result of the belated
rectification.

272 I hold that all three defendants are equally liable for the loss here. The
engineer failed to follow the written permission drawings and decided
unilaterally to include the “H” structure in his structural drawings. This was
a breach of his drawings duty. The architect failed to discover the divergence
between the drawings. That was a breach of his drawings duty. The contractor
failed to give notice of the divergence to the architect and instead
unilaterally chose to follow the structural drawings. That was a breach of the
contractor’s contractual duty.

273 The engineer argues that his breach did not cause the loss, because the
architect believed that the “H” structure was compliant with the URA’s
requirements, and would not have applied for a waiver or amendment in any
event. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 340.

I accept that the architect conceded in cross-examination that he did not
believe that the “H” structure was non-compliant and therefore never sought a
waiver of it. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

Certified Transcript (5 May 2017) at p 2 (lines 8 – 32); 3 (lines 1 – 6, 18 –
27).

This was a failure of the supervision duty on the architect’s part. But I am
not persuaded that this concession necessarily means that the architect would
still not have sought a waiver of this deviation or attempted to have it
rectified if the engineer had properly discharged his supervision duty and
pointed out the non-compliance to the architect. The engineer’s own
submissions suggest this was never done. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 338 and 345.

I therefore consider that both the architect’s and the engineer’s breaches of
their respective supervision duties also effectively caused the loss.

274 There was thus a cascading series of breaches committed by all three
defendants to the counterclaim which compounded one another’s breaches and
ultimately caused the loss.

Feature 4: the rear boundary wall

275 The deviation here involves the wall being built to a height of 1.8
metres, when it should only have been built to one metre. The loss suffered
was the cost of rectifying the deviation by removing the top part of the wall.
I do not, however, consider that the delay suffered in having the
rectification done contributed to the delay in obtaining TOP. I accept the
contractor’s submission, 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2017) at p 104 (lines 16 – 30).

which was supported by the engineer’s evidence, 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Certified Transcript (8 May 2017) at p 40 (lines 23 – 32).

that the deviation in respect of the excess height of the rear boundary wall
could have easily been remedied and thus was not an effective cause of the
delay. I have therefore not characterised delay caused by this deviation as a
loss suffered by the owner. So the owner’s only loss on this feature is the
cost of rectification.

276 I consider that the contractor and the architect have both caused this
loss. The contractor is primarily responsible for the loss because nothing in
the drawings indicated that the rear boundary wall should be constructed above
one metre. Insofar as there is any loss going beyond the cost of
rectification, the architect’s breach of his supervision duty will have caused
that loss together with the contractor’s breach of contract.

The contractor’s claim

277 Having dealt with the owner’s counterclaim, I come now to the contractor’s
claim. This is a claim against the owner for outstanding payments due under
the contract. The dispute concerns primarily the amount which is due to the
contractor for certain variation works under the contract. Both parties have
made a number of concessions since they pleaded their case. I set these out
here for the sake of clarity as to what ultimately remains in dispute before
me.

278 The contractor claimed several sums in its statement of claim. First, a
sum of $420,376.93 (the “Outstanding Sum”). 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at para 11.1.

Second, a balance sum of $300,367.27 comprising the aggregate sum certified
under Progress Valuation No 8 ($39,421.31) and the sum under Progress Claim No
9 ($260,945.96). 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at para 11.1A.

279 The Outstanding Sum is no longer in issue. The owner and the contractor
have consented to judgment in the contractor’s favour 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 5.

on the condition that the execution of that judgment be stayed until
determination of the owner’s counterclaim. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

JUD325/2013 at para 2.

This aspect of the contractor’s claim is therefore no longer in issue.

280 As for the balance sum, the owner does not now dispute the sum of
$39,421.31 assessed in respect of Progress Valuation No 8. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 335.

This aspect of the contractor’s claim is also no longer in issue.

281 Of the remainder of the balance sum, ie, the sum due under Progress Claim
No 9, the contractor has reduced the amount claimed from $260,945.96 to
$192,553.42. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 9(b) and 15(f).

This sum comprises eight disputed items and certain undisputed amounts. The
undisputed items need not be considered further. I deal now with the eight
disputed items in turn.

Item 1: Omission of timber decking

282 The first item concerns the amount due for omission of timber decking
pursuant to Variation Order No 16. The contractor is now willing to accept the
owner’s valuation of the omission at $16,556.80. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

Certified Transcript (29 March 2016) at p 18 (lines 15 – 18).

I therefore do not need to decide this item.

Items 2: Provision of rainwater down pipe

283 This is the subject of the contractor’s claim under Variation Order No 2.
The plaintiff claims that it is owed a sum of $4,140 for this provision of
this pipe. It argues that this pipe was not indicated in the architectural
drawings provided to it. Hence, it was additional work for which it should be
paid an additional sum. It further notes that the Minutes of Site Meeting for
7 September 2011 indicates that an “additional RWDP” or additional rainwater
down pipe was to be included in the works. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 26; 2PB21.

284 The owner points to the Schedule of Works and contends that this item was
included in the contractor’s original scope of work. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

2AB938.

The owner therefore submits that the contractor is not entitled to any sum at
all for this particular item.

285 On balance, I accept the evidence of the contractor. The fact that the
contract provided for a rainwater down pipe does not exclude the possibility
that the owner asked for an additional rainwater down pipe. The qualifier
“additional” which the parties used is significant to me. On balance I find
that this was outside the original scope of works in the contract and is
therefore a variation for which the contractor is entitled to be paid.

Items 3 – 6: spiral staircase; overtime works; changes to first storey kitchen
layout; additional brick walls

286 I have grouped the next four items together because the owner makes the
same complaint in respect of each of them. This complaint is that they were
variation works done without an architect’s instruction. As a result, they are
unauthorised variations for which the contractor has no contractual
entitlement to be paid.

287 These items are the subject of these variation orders: 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 20 and 28.

(a) Variation Order No 6: spiral staircase;

(b) Variation Order No 7: overtime works;

(c) Variation Order No 8: changes to first storey kitchen layout; and

(d) Variation Order No 9: additional brick walls.

288 The owner’s argument centres on cl 12.(1) of the SIA Building Contract.
That clause empowers the architect to direct or instruct the contractor to
carry out a variation to the contract work:

“In conformity with Clause 1.(3) or 1.(4) of these Conditions the Architect
shall have power at any time to give directions or instructions, as the case
may be, requiring a variation to be made in the original Contract work. The
Architect shall also have power at any time subsequently to sanction by way of
direction a variation previously carried out by the Contractor without any
authority, direction or instruction from the Architect. Such subsequent
sanction shall not entitle the Contractor to additional payment or
compensation or an extension of time, unless such variation was due to the
negligence or omission or default on the part of the Architect or the Employer
or was reasonably carried out in an emergency when it was not practicable to
obtain the prior instructions of the Architect, but shall relieve the
Contractor from liability to the Employer for departing from the contract
requirements without authority, and may involve a reduction in the Contract
Sum if any reduced value to the Employer or reduced cost to the Contractor,
whichever is greater, is involved in the sanctioned variation.”

289 Clause 12.(1) does not, however, deal directly with the contractor’s right
to be paid for variation work. That is covered by cll 1.(1) and 1.(2) of the
contract. The critical distinction is between an architect’s direction and an
architect’s instruction.

290 Clause 1.(2) explains that a “direction” is an order of the architect,
“compliance with which will not under the terms of the Contract entitle the
Contractor to additional payment or compensation or to an increase in the
Contract Sum, but which may in some cases result under the terms of the
Contract in a reduction of the Contract Sum”. Conversely, an “instruction”
means an order of the architect “compliance with which, while it may in some
cases involve a reduction of the Contract Sum, will in principle entitle the
Contractor in an appropriate case under the terms of the Contract to
additional payment or compensation or to an increase in the Contract Sum”. The
Contract Sum in this case is an amount of $1,129,700 (excluding GST). 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

3AB1278.

291 Clause 1.(1) explains how directions and instructions are to be given:

All orders of the Architect shall be expressed to be either directions or
instructions, and shall be given in writing if requested by the Contractor.
Any direction or instruction given verbally shall be deemed to have been given
in writing, and have retrospective effect from the date of the verbal
direction or instruction, provided that the Contractor confirms the direction
or instruction in writing within 14 days of its being given, and the Architect
does not within 14 days of receipt of the written confirmation dissent from or
withdraw the direction or instruction... In addition the Architect may (but
shall not be obliged to) at any time subsequently confirm in writing any
direction or instruction previously given verbally by him, in which event the
confirmation shall have retrospective effect as a written direction or
instruction given at the time of the verbal direction or instruction. Verbal
directions or instructions of the Architect Clerk-of-Works [sic], or written
or other orders or requests not expressed to be directions or instructions,
need not be complied with by the Contractor if the Architect fails or refuses
to confirm the same in writing in properly expressed terms with the minimum of
delay when requested to do so, and no claim will be permitted under this
contract based on an order or request of the Architect unless expressed as a
written direction or instruction of confirmed in writing to or by the
Architect under the terms of this Sub-Clause of the Conditions.

292 The following can be discerned from cl 12.(1) of the contract:

(a) The architect is empowered to give a direction or an instruction for a
variation to the contract, in advance of work being done;

(b) If the contractor proceeds to carry out a variation without a direction or
instruction, he will have done so “without any authority, direction or
instruction” from the architect. The contractor is then liable to the owner
“for departing from the contract requirements without authority” unless the
variation was necessitated by the negligence or default of the architect or
the owner or was done in an emergency; and

(c) A variation carried out by the contractor in situation (b) above may be
subsequently sanctioned by an architect’s direction. This direction will not
entitle the contractor to additional payment or compensation or an extension
of time, but it will relieve him from the liability to the owner described in
(b) above.

293 It might then be said that there is no architect’s instruction or
direction in writing, but that it was orally given. Clause 1.(1) then enters
the picture. Clause 1.(1) certainly contemplates that oral directions may be
given, but it also pertinently provides that “no claim will be permitted under
this Contract based on an order or request of the Architect unless expressed
as a written direction or instruction or confirmed in writing under the terms
of this Sub-Clause of the Conditions.”

294 I now apply the above clauses to the facts of this case. The very fact
that the Variation Orders are described as such is a clear indication that
they are variations from the original contract. That being the case, the
question is whether they were approved by the architect before they were
carried out, or were subsequently sanctioned by the architect. It appears to
me that these variations were carried out entirely without the architect’s
approval.

295 The summary of variation works is set out in a document prepared by the
quantity surveyor (“QS”) for the project. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

3AB1293.

In this document, the QS sets out the various variations, and the value
ascribed to each item by the contractor and by the owner. He has also
indicated in a “remarks” column whether or not an “AI” or architect’s
instruction was issued. His remarks for all these items, excepting the
overtime works, are that no architect’s instruction was issued. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

See items 9 – 12 on 3AB1293.

The evidence before me is also that no architect’s instruction was issued in
respect of the overtime works. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

Supplementary AEIC of Teo Jessica @ Zhang Jia Rong at para 16.

The owner relies on the QS’s figures as being the correct value for each item.
243

##### Foot Note 243

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 339.

296 The fact that the QS could find no architect’s instruction for these four
items is not necessarily fatal to the contractor’s case. Clause 12.(1) of the
contract provides that the architect is also empowered to sanction after the
fact any variations carried out without authority. That said, there is no
evidence before me that the architect gave any sanction for these variations
after the fact. I further note that contractor in its reply submissions does
not deny that the architect gave no instructions so far as Variation Orders No
8 and 9 are concerned, even after the owner raised this specific issue in its
closing submissions. Further, insofar as the contractor might argue that there
was in fact an oral direction or instruction given, cl 1.(1) is clear that a
direction or instruction must be given in writing if the contractor wishes to
pursue a claim on it.

297 In light of the above, I am satisfied that the architect did not instruct
these variations or approve them retrospectively. The scenario I described
above at [292(b)] therefore applies. The contractor – far from being
contractually entitled to compensation – is in fact in breach of contract by
having carried out these variations. It is therefore unnecessary for me to go
further to consider the arguments mounted by each party on the individual
items concerned.

Item 7: Teflon membrane

298 A substantial item in dispute is the omission of a Teflon membrane. This
is the subject of Variation Order No 15. The contractor submits that the
amount to be omitted should be $11,496. The contractor relies on the Schedule
of Rates (“SOR”) in the contract. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 33.

The owner submits that the amount to be omitted should instead be $46,000. The
owner takes this figure from the Bill of Quantities (“BQ”), also to be found
in the contract. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

2AB938; Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 370.

299 Clause 12.(4) of the SIA Building Contract deals with the valuation of
variations. Clause 12.(4) provides that “[variations] shall be valued as
closely as possible on the basis of the Contractor’s prices without regard to
any alleged element of high or low profitability in those prices”. The clause
then sets out certain rules for valuing variations. The applicable rule is
found at clause 12.(4)(f). That rule provides that in the case of omitted
work, “an allowance for the increased cost or reduced profitability (if any)
of the remaining work may … be made … against the prices for the remaining
work, but not for loss of profit on the omitted work itself.”

300 I accept the owner’s submission that the amount specified in the BQ is the
correct value to use here. The contractor sought to rely on the rule set out
in cl 12.(4)(a) of the SIA Building Contract. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 36.

That rule provides that “[work] ordered … shall be valued at the same prices
as those in the Schedule of Rates”. To my mind, that provision applies when
additional works are ordered. This means that the general rule – that
variations are to be valued as closely as possible on the basis of the
contractor’s prices – points to values actually specified in the BQ. That is,
after all, the part of the contract in which the contractor indicates the
value it ascribes to those works. The specific rule dealing with omissions
found in cl 12.(4)(f) does not disturb this conclusion. That rule merely
entitles the contractor to claim an allowance on the remaining works where a
part of it is omitted, thereby affecting any applicable economies of scale.

301 I am conscious that the evidence of the QS was that he would use the SOR
rates even to value an omission. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

Certified Transcript (5 April 2016) at p 32 (lines 17 – 19).

But he qualified that evidence by indicating that where there was a wholesale
omission, then the BQ rates would be most accurate, because the BQ rates
indicate the contractor’s pricing for that entire item. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

Certified Transcript (5 April 2016) at p 33 (lines 5 -25).

So this evidence does not assist the contractor.

302 The contractor accused the QS of cherry-picking between the SOR and the BQ
to favour the owner. In respect of another omitted item, the QS valued the
omission by using the rates in the SOR. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 37.

In the case of that item, the value arrived at by referring to the SOR was
higher than the value stated in the BQ. The QS’s approach valued the omission
at a higher sum and was therefore to the owner’s benefit. I do not accept that
the QS was cherry-picking his data. His evidence is that he adopted a
different approach for this different item because the contractor offered to
use the higher figure, as the difference between the two approaches was not
large. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

Certified Transcript (5 April 2016) at p 34 (lines 7 – 32).

I accept this evidence.

Item 8: Light fittings

303 The final item in dispute are certain light fittings which are the subject
of Variation Order No 20. The contractor has produced a sales order as
evidence of this work having been done. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 40.

It claims a sum of $1,383.18. The owner’s key contention is that the
contractor is unable to substantiate that the work was indeed carried out. A
sales order is not the same as receipt or an acknowledgement of payment by the
supplier of the light fittings. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 374.

304 On balance I accept the owner’s arguments. A sales order does not prove
that the fittings were actually ordered and paid for, let alone installed. I
therefore reject this item.

Summary of findings on the contractor’s claim

305 In summary, I make no finding on the omission of the timber decking, I
find in favour of the contractor for the additional rainwater down pipe, and I
find in favour of the owner in respect of the remaining six items, for the
reasons given above.

Conclusion

306 For the reasons given above, I hold largely in favour of the owner on both
its counterclaim, and on its defence to the contractor’s claim.

307 I will hear the parties on costs.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge

Michael Por and Cindy Er (Michael Por Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;  
Melvin Chan, Kishan Pillay and Geraldine Kuah (TSMP Law Corporation) for the
first defendant;  
Nigel Bogaars and Savliwala Din (Bogaars & Din) for the second defendant;  
Timothy Ng and Marjorie Kong (Timothy Ng LLC) for the third defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

