Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 10

Criminal Case No 69 of 2017

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

Siva Raman  
---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Siva Raman

[2018] SGHC 10

High Court — Criminal Case No 69 of 2017  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
17, 19–20, 24–26 October; 14 November 2017

12 January 2018

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 The accused, Siva Raman (“the Accused”), claimed trial to the following
charges:

1ST CHARGE

[That you,] on 16 May 2016, at about 5.00 a.m., at Woodlands Checkpoint,
Singapore, did import into Singapore a controlled drug listed in Class ‘A’ of
the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed), to wit,
six (6) packets containing not less than 2749.9 grams of granular/powdery
substance which was analysed and found to contain not less than 108.81 grams
of diamorphine, whilst travelling into Singapore on a lorry bearing Malaysian
registration number NDB 9549, without authorisation under the Misuse of Drugs
Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) or the Regulations made thereunder, and you have
thereby committed an offence under Section 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed), and punishable under Section 33(1) of the said Act.

2ND CHARGE

[That you,] on 16 May 2016, at about 5.00 a.m., at Woodlands Checkpoint,
Singapore, did import into Singapore a controlled drug listed in Class ‘A’ of
the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed), to wit,
three (3) packets containing not less than 473.6 grams of crystalline
substance which was analysed and found to contain not less than 315.74 grams
of methamphetamine, whilst travelling into Singapore on a lorry bearing
Malaysian registration number NDB 9549, without authorisation under the Misuse
of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) or the Regulations made thereunder, and
you have thereby committed an offence under Section 7 of the Misuse of Drugs
Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed), and punishable under Section 33(1) of the said
Act.

2 At the conclusion of the trial, I found that the Prosecution had proved the
charges beyond a reasonable doubt against the Accused, and convicted him of
the charges. By s 33(1) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“MDA”) read with its Second Schedule, the punishment prescribed for each of
the charges is death. Section 33B(1)(a) provides that in the prescribed
circumstances set out in s 33B(2), the court has a discretion not to impose
the death penalty. I found that the Accused had satisfied the requirements
under s 33B(2) of the MDA. Instead of the death penalty provided for under s
33(1), pursuant to s 33B(1)(a), I passed the sentence of life imprisonment
backdated to 17 May 2016. In addition, I imposed the minimum mandatory caning
of 15 strokes on each of the charges. Pursuant to s 328 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”), the aggregate sentence of caning
imposed was limited to 24 strokes.

3 The Accused has appealed against the sentence imposed on him on the ground
that it is manifestly excessive. I now furnish my reasons.

The Prosecution’s case

4 By and large, the facts were undisputed. These were contained in a statement
of agreed facts which was furnished pursuant to s 267(1) of the CPC (“ASOF”).
I now set out the key aspects contained in the ASOF.

Arrest of the Accused

5 The Accused is a 34-year-old Malaysian. On 16 May 2016, at about 5am, the
Accused drove a Malaysian-registered lorry bearing registration number NDB9549
(“the Lorry”) from Johor Bahru into Singapore. He was accompanied by Anathan
Kanapathy (“Anathan”), a lorry attendant. At the Woodlands Checkpoint, the
Lorry failed an image check, and the Accused was directed to drive the Lorry
to the Cargo Command Centre for further checks.

6 At the Cargo Command Centre, officers of the Immigration and Checkpoints
Authority (“ICA”) searched the Lorry. Nothing incriminating was found at the
back of the Lorry. When the Accused was informed that the front cabin of the
Lorry would be searched, he sighed.

7 During the search of the front cabin of the Lorry, Sgt Muhammad Adi bin
Zaroni (“Sgt Adi”) discovered three dark green plastic bags (which were later
marked as “A1”, “A2” and “A3”) inside a compartment beneath a brown mattress
placed behind the passenger seat. Sgt Adi took a black bundle out of one of
the dark green plastic bags. The Accused then shouted twice in Malay “Bukan
saya punya” – which means “It’s not mine”.

8 Suspecting that the black bundle contained drugs, W/Insp Siti Chotidjah
binte Mohd Ali (“W/Insp Chotidjah”) instructed the officers to stop the
search, and to place the Accused under arrest. The black bundle taken out by
Sgt Adi was placed between the driver seat and the passenger seat, while the
three dark green plastic bags were placed on the passenger seat. W/Insp
Chotidjah proceeded to inform the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) of the
matter.

Recovery of the drug exhibits

9 At about 5.15am, a party of CNB officers arrived at the scene. At about
5.25am, in the presence of the Accused, Sgt Muhammad Zuhairi bin Zainuri (“Sgt
Zuhairi”) emptied the remaining contents of the three dark green plastic bags.
In total, there were six packets of powdery/granular substance (later
established to contain diamorphine) and three packets of crystalline substance
(later established to contain methamphetamine). Specifically, including the
black bundle taken out earlier by Sgt Adi, the three dark green plastic bags
contained the following:

(a) In the dark green plastic bag marked as “A1”, there were three bundles
wrapped with black tape (which were marked as “A1A”, “A1B” and “A1C”
respectively), each containing a packet of powdery/granular substance (which
were marked as “A1A1A”, “A1B1A” and “A1C1A” respectively). There was also one
block wrapped with black tape (which was marked as “A1D”), containing one
packet of crystalline substance (which was marked as “A1D1A1”).

(b) In the second dark green plastic bag marked as “A2”, there were three
bundles wrapped with black tape (which were marked as “A2A”, “A2B” and “A2C”
respectively), which in turn contained three packets of powdery/granular
substance (which were marked as “A2A1”, A2B1” and A2C1A” respectively).

(c) In the third dark green plastic bag marked as “A3”, there was one block
wrapped with black tape (which was marked as “A3A1A”), which in turn contained
two packets of crystalline substance (which were later marked as “A3A1A1A1”
and A3A1A1B1”).

Analysis of the drug exhibits

10 Subsequently, the CNB submitted the nine packets to the Health Sciences
Authority for analysis. The six packets of granular/powdery substance
contained not less than 2,749.9 grams of the granular/powdery substance which
was found to contain not less than 108.81 grams of diamorphine. As for the
three packets of crystalline substance, these were found to contain not less
than 473.6 grams of the crystalline substance which was found to contain not
less than 315.74 grams of methamphetamine.

Statements of the Accused

11 Apart from the undisputed facts set out above, the Prosecution also relied
on ten statements which were recorded from the Accused in the course of
investigations. The Accused accepted that he provided the ten statements
voluntarily, and did not challenge the admissibility of any of them. However,
the Accused questioned whether, in the course of the recording of the
statements, the term “drugs” was properly interpreted to the Accused in Tamil,
and/or whether the Tamil terms used by the interpreters were properly
understood by the Accused. He also challenged aspects of his knowledge of the
different types of drugs. I shall return to deal with the objections at [24]
below.

12 In a contemporaneous statement recorded on 16 May 2016 at about 7.50am by
W/Sgt Rajendran Janani, the Accused denied any knowledge of the bundles in the
Lorry. In the two cautioned statements recorded on 16 May 2016 at about 9.46pm
and 10.32pm by ASP Prashant s/o Sukumaran under s 23 of the CPC with the
assistance of a Tamil interpreter Raman Narayanan (“Mr Raman”), the Accused
denied the charges. He claimed that one Ganesan A/L Sukumaran (“Ganesan”)
placed the “stuff” in the Lorry.

13 The remaining seven statements were recorded by the Investigation Officer,
ASP Mohammad Imran bin Salim (“IO Imran”), pursuant to s 22 of the CPC between
18 May 2016 and 24 October 2016 (“the long statements”). In the recording
process, IO Imran was assisted by a Tamil interpreter, Malliga Anandha
Krishnan (“Mdm Malliga”). In the first two long statements, the Accused
maintained that he did not know of the nine bundles of drugs in the Lorry.
From the third long statement onwards, the Accused admitted that he brought
the nine bundles of drugs into Singapore. While he knew that the bundles
contained drugs, he denied knowledge of the type of drugs. I now set out the
contents of the long statements in more detail:

(a) In the first long statement recorded on 18 May 2016, the Accused said that
he knew what drugs were, and that drugs “ruin[ed] people’s lives”. He said he
had seen people taking “ice” in his hometown, and that he had seen “other
types of drugs such as Heroin and Ganja in the Malaysian newspapers”.

Turning to the Lorry, the Accused said that he owned it, and used it to make
deliveries to Singapore. In February 2016, Ganesan asked to hire the Lorry
from the Accused. The Accused agreed. He was newly married, and he intended to
go on a honeymoon with his wife. Also, he had bought three shops, and was
renting each for RM$1,500 per month. Financially, he was able to take a break
from driving the Lorry. The Accused asked Ganesan to pay him RM$1,400 for
every delivery made using the Lorry. Ganesan agreed and began using the Lorry
to make deliveries into Singapore. In total, Ganesan hired the Lorry on 10
occasions, being five times each in March and April 2016. Ganesan paid him
promptly after each delivery.

Before the last time Ganesan hired the Lorry on 29 April 2016, the Accused
started hearing rumours that Ganesan was using the Lorry to bring drugs into
Singapore. The Accused did not know “what type of drugs they were but the word
that was generally used was ‘bothai marunthu’”. In Tamil, the term means
drugs. After the Accused handed Ganesan the key on 29 April 2016, a friend of
Ganesan’s called “Prakash” confirmed that Ganesan was using the Lorry to bring
drugs into Singapore. When Ganesan returned the Accused the Lorry on 1 May
2016, the Accused confronted Ganesan. Ganesan denied that he was using the
Lorry to bring drugs into Singapore. The Accused scolded him, and they almost
got into a fight. Thereafter, the Accused stopped renting the Lorry to
Ganesan.

(b) In the second long statement, also recorded on 18 May 2016, the Accused
said that he had known Ganesan for about six years. When he first met Ganesan,
both of them were lorry attendants. Thereafter, they would sometimes meet at
petrol stations and rest stops for lorry drivers. On one such occasion, they
exchanged contact numbers. The Accused invited Ganesan to his wedding
reception, and it was at the wedding reception that Ganesan asked to borrow
the Lorry.

On 16 May 2016, the Accused was delivering a consignment of empty paint tin
cans and spare parts in the Lorry to Singapore. During the search of the Lorry
by the ICA officers at Woodlands Checkpoint, he was shown a plastic bag. He
did not know what was inside the plastic bag.

(c) In the third long statement recorded on 19 May 2016, the Accused provided
descriptions of “ice”, “ganja” and “heroin”. The Accused said he did not know
who the items in the Lorry belonged to. Then, he said that he thought Ganesan
might have put the drugs inside the Lorry to take revenge on him. After that,
according to IO Imran’s note recorded within the third long statement, the
Accused hesitated. Then, the Accused admitted that he brought the drugs into
Singapore. He explained that on 12 May 2016, Ganesan had called him on his
handphone. Ganesan told him that after he had taken the Lorry back, Ganesan
got into some trouble. As Ganesan was not able to make a delivery, he had to
pay some money for the failed delivery. Ganesan asked the Accused to help him
make the delivery. The Accused said that “I know that ‘Ganesan’ wants me to
deliver drugs into Singapore. I suspected that it was drugs as he had not
denied it when I had confronted him on 1st May 2016.” Ganesan offered the
Accused RM$10,000 as payment.

Ganesan called the Accused on 13 and 14 May 2016 about the same matter.
Ganesan confirmed that the payment would be RM$10,000. The Accused agreed to
carry out the delivery. Ganesan told the Accused to go to a “Petron” petrol
station at Skudai on 16 May 2016, at about 2am.

On 16 May 2016, as the Accused was driving the Lorry, Ganesan called and asked
him if he had reached the “Petron” petrol station. The Accused said that he
would arrive in about five to ten minutes’ time. Ganesan told him to wait
there at the “Petron” petrol station, and that a “Perdana” car would go there.
Someone would pass him the “jaman”. “Jaman” meant “thing” in Tamil. The
Accused did not ask Ganesan what the “thing” was but he knew it was “drugs”.
Ganesan also told the Accused to drive straight to Sungei Kadut after clearing
Singapore customs, and that he would contact the Accused again.

As instructed by Ganesan, the Accused arrived at the “Petron” petrol station,
and less than five minutes later, a silver coloured “Perdana” car arrived. An
Indian man in the passenger seat passed some plastic bags to the Indian
driver. The Accused walked over to the car, and the driver passed the plastic
bags to him. They did not talk. The Accused returned to the Lorry, and placed
the plastic bags in the Lorry. He realised that there were three plastic bags,
and that they were quite heavy. He did not look inside. He could “roughly see
and feel the shape of the drugs inside the plastic bags”. He did not tell
Ananthan about the plastic bags, and Ananthan did not know anything about the
drugs.

Thereafter, they were arrested at Singapore customs. The Accused did not know
who the drugs were meant for. Ganesan was supposed to call him again after he
had reached Sungei Kadut. He was not paid the RM$10,000 as Ganesan had
promised.

(d) In the fourth long statement recorded on 20 May 2016, the Accused
explained that he decided to tell the truth about the drugs because he did not
wish to get Anathan into trouble. Anathan was not involved in the matter. He
said that he did not know where Ganesan stayed, and agreed to deliver the
drugs for Ganesan because of the sum of money offered by Ganesan.

(e) Finally, in the sixth long statement recorded on 12 July 2016, the Accused
confirmed that he knew that Ganesan wanted him to deliver drugs. However, he
maintained that he did not know what type of drugs they were.

Tamil terms for drugs

14 As mentioned at [11] above, there was some dispute by the Accused over the
interpretation of the word “drugs” to him during the recording of the
statements, and his understanding of the Tamil terms used by the interpreters.
According to both Mr Raman and Mdm Malliga, the two Tamil terms “bothai porul”
and “bothai marunthu” are commonly used to mean drugs. Both also testified
that literally, “bothai” means intoxicating, and “marunthu” means medicine.
Put together, however, “bothai marunthu” is commonly understood and used to
refer to controlled drugs.

The Defence

15 At the close of the Prosecution’s case, I found that there was sufficient
evidence against the Accused for the defence to be called. In giving evidence,
the Accused gave an account that was largely consistent with what he stated in
the long statements. Specifically, he related how Ganesan came to rent the
Lorry from him to transport “jaman” (which means “thing”), and paid him
RM$1,400 for each trip. Then, he was told by Prakash that Ganesan “was
bringing bothai marunthu” in the Lorry. Upon learning of this, the Accused
became angry. He confronted Ganesan. He fought with Ganesan to get back the
Lorry.

16 Despite cheating him, Ganesan called him to ask him for help with medicine.
The Accused did not know it would get him into such big trouble. Explaining
further, the Accused said that on 12 May 2016, Ganesan called him, and asked
him to transport “bothai marunthu”, and that he would give him RM$10,000.
Ganesan called him again on the subsequent days. Eventually, the Accused
agreed to the arrangement, and he brought the items into Singapore.

17 In cross-examination, the Accused explained that to him, “bothai marunthu”
is a “head-shaking” medicine used in pubs. When consumed, it would make heads
shake. However, he said it was not illegal in nature. To the Accused, “bothai
porul” would refer to illegal drugs. Referring to the long statements, he
accepted that to refer to drugs, Mdm Malliga used both terms – “bothai porul”
and “bothai marunthu” – when interpreting the long statements to him. In
relation to the first long statement, while he agreed that he mentioned “ice”,
he denied mentioning “ganja” or “heroin”. Those terms were used by Mdm
Malliga. Nonetheless, he admitted to reading about “ganja” and “heroin” in the
newspapers, and that he knew that these were illegal things. Eventually, the
Accused conceded that he knew he was being asked to deliver something illegal,
but that he did not know it would lead to such serious consequences.

The law

18 The applicable law was not in dispute. The relevant provision within the
MDA constituting the charges reads:

Import and export of controlled drugs

7. Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a person to import into or export from Singapore a controlled drug.

While “import” is not defined in the MDA, it is defined in s 2(1) of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) to mean “to bring or cause to be
brought into Singapore by land, sea or air”, and I adopted the meaning
accordingly.

19 As for the mens rea of the charges, being that of knowledge of the nature
of the drugs, s 18(2) of the MDA provides:

Presumption of possession and knowledge of controlled drugs

18\. ...

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

If the prosecution is able to invoke the presumption of knowledge, an accused
must prove, on a balance of probabilities, that he did not have knowledge of
the nature of the drug: Obeng Comfort v Public Prosecutor [2017] 1 SLR 633 at
[37].

Decision

20 The Accused admitted that pursuant to an arrangement with Ganesan, he had
brought the nine packets of drugs which were in the Lorry into Singapore,
being the actus reus of the charges. Further, the Accused did not dispute that
at the material time, he was in possession of the nine packets of drugs which
were in the Lorry, and was supposed to deliver them upon receiving further
instructions from Ganesan. Thus, the Prosecution was able to invoke the
presumption of knowledge of the nature of the drugs contained in s 18(2) of
the MDA against the Accused. The burden was for the Accused to rebut the
presumption that he knew that the drugs were diamorphine and methamphetamine
respectively. This formed the sole issue in the case.

21 The Prosecution submitted that the Accused had failed to rebut the
presumption, while Defence Counsel argued the contrary. To reiterate, at
trial, the Accused’s claim was that he thought he was delivering “bothai
marunthu” which was a form of “head-shaking” medicine used in pubs. Upon a
review of the whole of the evidence, I found that the Accused had not rebutted
the presumption of knowledge on a balance of probabilities. These are my
reasons.

22 To begin with, the Accused’s claim that by “bothai marunthu”, he thought
Ganesan meant a form of legal “head-shaking” medicine used in pubs was
unbelievable. This assertion, in my view, was an afterthought. If indeed this
was what the Accused believed, it was incredible that he did not mention this
in any of the ten investigation statements. In particular, from the third long
statement onwards, the Accused gave a detailed account of the events leading
to the transactions, and described his state of mind at various points in
time. Yet, there was no mention of this belief. More critically, even in his
examination-in-chief, he did not make this claim of what he thought “bothai
marunthu” was. It was only during cross-examination that the Accused explained
he believed “bothai marunthu” was a “head-shaking” medicine used in pubs.

23 Further, this assertion was inconsistent with the contents of the long
statements. In the first and third long statements, the Accused mentioned
three specific controlled drugs – being “ice”, “ganja” and “heroin”. Then, in
the third and sixth long statements, the Accused admitted that he knew that he
was being asked to deliver drugs by Ganesan. Instead of stating that he
thought the drugs was a “head-shaking” medicine (which was legal in nature),
he specifically stated that he did not know what type of drugs he was being
asked to deliver. It was evident that the Accused had shifted his position on
a material aspect of his defence.

24 At this juncture, I digress to deal with the Accused’s contention that in
the course of the recording of the statements, somehow, the term “drugs” was
not properly interpreted to him in Tamil, and/or that he did not properly
understand the Tamil terms used. Specifically, the Accused knew that “bothai
porul” and “bothai marunthu” were both terms which referred to drugs, and that
Mdm Malliga had used both terms. However, he thought that the former referred
to illegal drugs, but not the latter (see [17] above). Also, in the first long
statement, the Accused claimed that “ganja” and “heroin” were words used by
Mdm Malliga.

25 In this regard, Mdm Malliga explained that although she could not recall
the exact words in Tamil that the Accused used for her to interpret into
“drugs” in English, the common terms for drugs would be either “bothai porul”
or “bothai marunthu”. When she read back the long statements to the Accused,
she would interpret “drugs” as “bothai porul” or “bothai marunthu”. The
Accused did not say that he did not understand her. More importantly, if the
Accused had merely used the word “marunthu”, Mdm Malliga would have
interpreted it as “medicine”. As for the references to “ice”, “ganja” and
“heroin”, again, Mdm Malliga could not recall what the Accused said. However,
when she read back the first long statement, she thought she used the same
words as recorded, that being “ice”, “ganja” and “heroin”. The Accused did not
say that he did not understand the words.

26 I accepted that the statements were accurately recorded, with the Accused
properly understanding the Tamil terms – be it “bothai porul” or “bothai
marunthu” – to refer to controlled or illegal drugs, and not merely to
medicine. In particular, I found that the contents of the long statements were
accurate. In this regard, I accepted the clear evidence of Mdm Malliga. The
long statements were replete with references to drugs. After the recording of
each of the long statements, it was read back to the Accused. As the Accused
admitted, Mdm Malliga used both Tamil terms. The Accused did not express any
confusion over the contents of the long statements, and did not raise any
concern about any difference between the two terms to Mdm Malliga. In fact, in
the first long statement, when using the term “bothai marunthu”, he confirmed
that it meant drugs (see [13(a)] above). In my view, his attempt to draw the
tenuous distinction between “bothai porul” and “bothai marunthu” was merely
meant to support his belated claim that he thought the “head-shaking” medicine
was legal in nature.

27 Although the Accused denied mentioning “ganja” and “heroin” in the first
long statement, he provided a description of these drugs in the third long
statement. In fact, at trial, the Accused did not deny knowing “ice”, “ganja”
and “heroin” to be illegal drugs. I did not believe his claim that Mdm Malliga
mentioned the drugs “ganja” and “heroin”. Again, the fact that the Accused
named the three specific illegal drugs showed that the Accused did not have
any problems with understanding the term “drugs” during the recording process.

28 Furthermore, the assertion that he thought the drugs were a form of “head-
shaking” medicine which was not illegal in nature was inconsistent with his
conduct. When the Accused was told by Prakash that Ganesan had used the Lorry
to transport bothai marunthu, the Accused, by his own account, became very
angry. He confronted Ganesan, and even fought with him. He accused Ganesan of
cheating him. The Accused’s reaction showed that he knew that “bothai
marunthu” (which he was being asked to deliver on 16 May 2016) consisted of
illegal drugs, and not merely substances which were legal in nature. Moreover,
when the Accused was asked by Ganesan to collect and deliver the drugs, the
Accused did not immediately agree. He was worried about the consequences of
doing so. Again, this indicated that he knew of the serious and illegal nature
of the drugs. For these main reasons, I rejected the assertion that he thought
the nine packets contained “head shaking” medicine used in pubs which were
legal in nature.

29 Moreover, the Accused had received the nine packets of drugs in very
suspicious circumstances, but failed to take any steps to establish the nature
of the contents. Apart from the circumstances discussed at [28] above, there
was no reason for the Accused to trust Ganesan. After all, Ganesan had not
been upfront with the Accused when he rented the Lorry. The Accused even
admitted that he had no reason to trust Ganesan. Yet, he did not ask Ganesan
about the items to be delivered. The furtive circumstances in which he
received the drugs from two men without any conversation around 2am in the
morning (see [13(c)] above) would also have been telltale signs that his task
was illicit in nature.

30 Also, the Accused knew that he was being promised a substantial sum of
RM$10,000 to collect the items, and to deliver the items in Singapore. Since
the Accused was supposed to deliver a consignment of empty paint tins and
spare parts to Singapore, there was little extra work involved. I appreciated
that the Accused was not in financial difficulties. However, as the Accused
admitted in the fourth long statement (see [13(d)]), the quantum promised was
attractive enough for the Accused to agree to carry out the task. The Accused
was not a naïve person, and appeared to be financially savvy. As such, the
substantial payment promised to him would have indicated to the Accused the
illegal nature of the items.

31 Indeed, eventually in the course of cross-examination, the Accused admitted
that he knew he was being asked to deliver something illegal. With his
knowledge of all the surrounding circumstances, the Accused did not check on
the nine packets of drugs. He had every opportunity to do so after he
collected the nine packets of drugs in Johor Bahru. With the Accused’s
knowledge of the different types of illegal drugs, including “ice”, “ganja”
and “heroin”, such a check would not have been futile.

32 Accordingly, I rejected the Accused’s contention that he thought the drugs
were merely a “head-shaking” medicine which was not illegal, and found that he
had failed to rebut the presumption that he knew of the nature of the drugs.
For completeness, I should add that given all the facts and circumstances, his
bare claim that he did not know what type of drugs he was being asked to
deliver (which was his position in the long statements) also did not suffice
to rebut the presumption of knowledge. I found that the Prosecution had proved
both the charges against the Accused, and convicted him of both the charges.

Sentence

33 By s 33(1) of the MDA, read with its Second Schedule, the punishment
prescribed for importing more than 15 grams of diamorphine or 250 grams of
methamphetamine under s 7(1) is the death penalty. However, pursuant to s 33B,
the court has the discretion not to impose the death penalty. Under s
33B(1)(a), the court may order life imprisonment and caning of at least 15
strokes if two requirements within s 33B(2) are satisfied. First, the person
convicted must prove, on a balance of probabilities, that his involvement in
the offence under s 7(1) is restricted to that of a mere courier, as set out
in s 33B(2)(a)(i)–(iv). Second, the Public Prosecutor must certify that the
person convicted has substantively assisted the CNB in disrupting drug
trafficking activities within or outside Singapore.

34 On the first requirement, the Court of Appeal in Public Prosecutor v Chum
Tat Suan and another [2015] 1 SLR 834 at [63], observed that as recognised in
the High Court case of Public Prosecutor v Abdul Haleem bin Abdul Karim and
another [2013] 3 SLR 734 at [51], the definition of a courier in s 33B(2)(a)
is a narrow one. In that case, the High Court concluded that a courier is one
whose involvement is limited to delivering or conveying drugs from point A to
point B.

35 On the evidence before me, the Accused’s role was to collect the drugs at a
petrol station in Johor Bahru, bring them into Singapore, and then deliver
them in Singapore upon receiving instructions from Ganesan. I found that the
Accused had established, on a balance of probabilities, that he was only
involved in delivering the drugs, which brought him within the ambit of s
33B(2)(a) of the MDA. The Prosecution did not dispute this.

36 For the purpose of sentencing, the Prosecution tendered a certificate of
the Public Prosecutor under s 33B(2)(b) of the MDA. The Prosecution left
sentencing to the court. Defence Counsel urged the court to exercise its
discretion to impose the alternative sentence.

37 As the Accused had satisfied the requirements of section 33B(2) of the MDA,
in the exercise of my discretion within s 33B(1)(a), instead of imposing the
death penalty, I imposed the sentence of life imprisonment backdated to 17 May
2016 (being the date of remand). In addition, I imposed the mandatory minimum
caning of 15 strokes for each charge. By virtue of s 328 of the CPC, the
aggregate sentence of caning was limited to 24 strokes.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge

Tan Zhongshan and Chan Yi Cheng  
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;  
Suppiah S/O Pakrisamy (P Suppiah & Co) and Elengovan S/O V Krishnan (Elengovan
Chambers) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

