Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 63

Criminal Case No 15 of 2018

Public Prosecutor

v

1\. Paner Selvom a/l Rajoo

2\. Jagapalan Jayaram

GROUNDS OF decision

[Criminal law] — [statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Paner Selvom a/l Rajoo and another

[2018] SGHC 63

High Court — Criminal Case No 15 of 2018  
Choo Han Teck J  
27 February, 1 March 2018

19 March 2018

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The prosecution’s case led by Deputy Public Prosecutor (“DPP”) Andrew Tan
was that the two accused persons trafficked in 1,620.4g of cannabis and 1,264g
of cannabis mixture on 6 May 2016.

2 The prosecution’s evidence was that the first accused was driving a trailer
truck on the morning of 6 May 2016 and he stopped the truck along Pasir Ris
Grove where he packed three blocks of cannabis and cannabis mixture into a
brown paper bag. Officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) then
observed the second accused arriving in a car, bearing licence number SJJ
3969P. They saw the second accused walk to the trailer and climb into it. They
saw him getting out again a short while later, carrying the brown paper bag
that the first accused had packed the cannabis and cannabis mixture in.

3 The second accused then drove to a car park at Jalan Kayu where he was
arrested by CNB officers at 8.25am. The first accused was arrested at Pasir
Ris Grove about the same time.

4 Both men were charged with two charges of trafficking, in respect of the
same three blocks of cannabis and cannabis mixture weighing 1,620.4g and
1,264g respectively. The second charges for both accused persons, in respect
of the 1,264g of cannabis mixture, were stood down.

5 The brown paper bag was seized and forensic investigation by the Health
Sciences Authority found the DNA of the first accused on both the interior and
exterior surfaces of the bag. The prosecution also admitted, without
challenge, the statements of both accused persons. The first accused admitted
to the charge in his statements. The second accused denied knowledge of the
contents of the paper bag in his statements. I do not accept the second
accused’s denial. In the same statement, the second accused admitted that he
was told to put the paper bag near a drain in the vicinity of Seletar Mall.
The second accused also stated that he would be paid $300 – $500 for the
delivery, and admitted that even $150 would be a “good price … for such an
easy job”. Further, the person who arranged for the delivery, who the second
accused knew as ‘Abang’, instructed the second accused not to contact him, but
instead to wait for ‘Abang’ to contact the second accused. In the
circumstances, I find that the second accused knew that the paper bag
contained drugs.

6 On the evidence above, I called upon the defence of both accused and they
elected not to give evidence. No other evidence was called on their behalf
either. I was satisfied that the prosecution had proved its case and there
being no contrary evidence nor any factor that warranted otherwise, I found
both guilty as charged. The prosecution submitted a certificate of substantive
cooperation for both accused and DPP Andrew Tan further stated that the
prosecution would not challenge the court’s finding that both accused acted
merely as couriers. I therefore sentenced both accused to terms of life
imprisonment with effect from 7 May 2016 and 15 strokes of the cane.

Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Andrew Tan and Sia Jiazheng (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for prosecution;  
Allagarsamy s/o Palaniyappan (Allagarsamy & Co), Dhanaraj James Selvaraj
(James Selvaraj LLC) and Sheik Umar Bin Mohamed Bagushair (Wong & Leow LLC)
for the first accused;  
Mahadevan Lukshumayeh (S.T. Chelvan & Company) and Krishna Ramakrishna Sharma
(Krishna R Sharma) for the second accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

