Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 48

Suit No 873 of 2015

Between

| Ng Yok (sole executor of the Last Will and Testament of Ng Soh dated 24
December 2015)  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Ng Geok Lan  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Trusts] — [Constructive trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ng Yok (sole executor of the Last Will and Testament of Ng Soh dated 24
December 2015)

  

v

  

Ng Geok Lan

[2018] SGHC 48

High Court — Suit No 873 of 2015  
Kannan Ramesh J  
11–12 July; 9, 20 November 2017

6 March 2018

Kannan Ramesh J:

1 This was the tragic case of Mr Ng Soh (“Mr Ng”), who passed away in 2016 at
the age of 89, in an apparent suicide, after two disputes that splintered his
family. In August 2015, after the second dispute arose, Mr Ng commenced this
action against the defendant, Ms Ng Geok Lan, his daughter. Upon his demise,
Mr Ng Yok, Mr Ng’s eldest son, became the plaintiff in this suit in his
capacity as the executor of Mr Ng’s last will (“the Last Will”).

2 By this action, the plaintiff claimed that the defendant had fraudulently
converted and misappropriated Mr Ng’s monies. On 20 November 2017, I allowed
the plaintiff’s claim with detailed oral grounds, granting a declaration that
the defendant held monies on trust for the plaintiff (in his capacity as the
executor) and ordering an account and an inquiry. The defendant has now
appealed against my decision. These are the full grounds of my decision.

Facts

Events leading up to the first dispute

3 Mr Ng and his wife, Madam Goh Ah Chah (“Mdm Goh”), were immigrants from
Malaysia who came to Singapore in the early 1950s. Mr Ng received a Chinese
education up to Primary 6. He was not literate in English.

4 In 1955, Mdm Goh purchased a plot of land in Jalan Raya with her savings.
Thereafter, the family moved to Jalan Raya to reside in a zinc-roofed house on
the land. Mr Ng and Mdm Goh had ten children, including the plaintiff and the
defendant. The plaintiff was the eldest child of Mr Ng and Mdm Goh, and the
defendant was one of their three daughters.

5 In 1967, the plaintiff registered a partnership with Mr Ng and his uncle, Mr
Ng Teng. The business of the partnership was in building and construction.
Apart from working on other projects, the partnership built two semi-detached
bungalows on the plot of land in Jalan Raya, in place of the zinc-roofed
house. These properties were 34 Jalan Raya, Singapore 368586 and 36 Jalan
Raya, Singapore 368588 (collectively, “the Jalan Raya Properties”). The Jalan
Raya Properties were registered in the name of Mdm Goh.

6 After the Jalan Raya Properties were completed, the plaintiff, his family,
Mr Ng and Mdm Goh resided in 34 Jalan Raya, which was the bigger property. The
defendant and some of her other siblings resided in 36 Jalan Raya.

7 In 1975, the plaintiff, Mr Ng and Mr Ng Teng incorporated a company (“the
Company”) which replaced the partnership. The business of the Company was
similarly in building and construction. Mr Ng held 50% of the shares in the
Company, and the plaintiff and Mr Ng Teng held 25% each of the shares. The
plaintiff was the managing director of the Company since its inception. The
defendant, whose highest educational qualification was “O” Levels, worked as a
clerk in the Company.

8 The Company prospered under the direction of its three shareholders. It
built many properties and also won a Construction Excellence Award in 1997.

9 In 1985, Mdm Goh passed away intestate. Her estate comprised the Jalan Raya
Properties. In 1996, Mr Ng became the registered proprietor of the Jalan Raya
Properties as the administrator of Mdm Goh’s estate. However, Mr Ng did not
sell the Jalan Raya Properties and distribute the proceeds to the
beneficiaries of Mdm Goh’s estate. Rather, the Jalan Raya Properties continued
to be occupied by the same occupants as before Mdm Goh’s passing.

10 In 2002, the Company began to experience financial difficulties. The
defendant claimed that at this time, the plaintiff, Mr Ng and Mr Ng Teng were
on the brink of bankruptcy (apparently because they had given personal
guarantees for loans taken by the Company from banks). The Company then sold
most of its properties to pay off its loans. According to the defendant, she
and her husband played a vital role in managing the affairs of the Company
during this period, from 2002 to 2004. She asserted that it was their
financial acumen and business nous that steered the Company out of its
troubles. Notably, in 2005, the defendant’s husband was made a bankrupt. The
defendant’s husband’s bankruptcy was unconnected to the financial issues of
the Company. He was discharged from bankruptcy in 2014.

11 The plaintiff, however, disputed the extent of the role played by the
defendant and her husband in the Company during this period.

12 In 2005, the defendant purchased a five-room HDB flat (“the HDB flat”) in
Punggol with her husband. However, she continued to reside in 36 Jalan Raya
with him.

The first dispute

13 Sometime in early 2009, a dispute arose between the plaintiff, on the one
hand, and Mr Ng and Mr Ng Teng, on the other hand, regarding the Company. On
18 February 2009, against the backdrop of this dispute, Mr Ng granted a power
of attorney to the defendant (“the Power of Attorney”). By the Power of
Attorney, Mr Ng authorised the defendant to exercise all of his rights as a
shareholder of the Company and all of his powers as the administrator of Mdm
Goh’s estate, including his powers to deal with the Jalan Raya Properties. The
grant of the Power of Attorney was an important turn of events.

14 In April 2009, the plaintiff commenced Suit 315 of 2009 (“Suit 315”)
against Mr Ng and Mr Ng Teng. This was a minority oppression action, where the
plaintiff sought a declaration that Mr Ng and Mr Ng Teng held their shares in
the Company on trust for him or, in the alternative, an order for the buy-out
of their shares by the plaintiff.

15 On or about 1 July 2009, presumably in view of Suit 315, Mr Ng moved out of
34 Jalan Raya and into 36 Jalan Raya to live with the defendant and her
husband.

The sale of the Jalan Raya Properties and the purchase of the Eastwood
Property

16 On 9 October 2009, Mr Ng applied for the court to sanction the sale of 34
Jalan Raya. The application was driven by the defendant as the holder of the
Power of Attorney. Critically, it was undisputed that at this point, Mr Ng did
not wish to sell 36 Jalan Raya. This was because he wanted a roof over his
head. In response to Mr Ng’s application, the plaintiff took the position that
both of the Jalan Raya Properties should be sold. This was on the basis that
the properties would attract a higher value when sold together. On 12 November
2009, an order was made for the sale of both of the Jalan Raya Properties,
against Mr Ng’s original wish to retain 36 Jalan Raya as a roof over his head.
This is important. I shall return to this point below.

17 The following key events occurred in December 2009 and January 2010 in
quick succession. The chronology of these events was pivotal in this case:

(a) On 3 December 2009, an option to purchase (“OTP”) for the Jalan Raya
Properties was granted to a third party at the price of $3,980,000.

(b) Six days later, on 9 December 2009, the defendant obtained an OTP for 43
Eastwood Drive, Singapore 486588 (“the Eastwood Property”) at the price of
$1,750,000.

(c) On 11 December 2009, the OTP for the Jalan Raya Properties was exercised.

(d) On 22 December 2009, the defendant exercised the OTP for the Eastwood
Property and paid a 5% deposit for the purchase.

It is relevant that there was no evidence the defendant had any independent
means to fund the completion of the purchase of the Eastwood Property. Nor was
there evidence that she took steps to sell the HDB Flat at this time, which
could at least have provided her with some funds. Further, her husband was not
a source of funds as he was a bankrupt at that time.

18 Shortly after she exercised the OTP for the Eastwood Property, on 4 January
2010, Mr Ng and the defendant opened a joint account at OCBC Bank (“the Joint
Account”). On the very same day, Mr Ng made a will (“the First Will”) by which
he appointed the defendant as the executor and purported to gift $1,662,500 to
her to purchase the Eastwood Property. It is telling that this was the exact
balance of the purchase price for the Eastwood Property after taking into
account the monies that were paid under the OTP. Mr Ng later revoked the First
Will in the Last Will (see [35] below).

19 On 10 March 2010, the sale of the Jalan Raya Properties was completed.

20 On 15 March 2010, Mr Ng received a cheque of $1,939,955.50 for (most of)
his share of the proceeds of sale of the Jalan Raya Properties in his capacity
as Mdm Goh’s spouse, and signed a payment voucher acknowledging receipt.
Notably, on 16 March 2010, the cheque was deposited into the Joint Account.

21 Subsequently, Mr Ng signed a cheque dated 17 March 2010 for the sum of
$1,662,500 (“the 17 March 2010 cheque”) in favour of the defendant. (The
plaintiff initially claimed that Mr Ng’s signature on the 17 March 2010 cheque
had been forged. However, he withdrew this allegation subsequently.) Again,
the sum of $1,662,500 represented the exact balance of the purchase price for
the Eastwood Property, which the defendant paid using the proceeds of this
cheque.

22 From 18 March to 5 April 2010, a total of $127,115.78 was deposited into
the Joint Account. It was undisputed that this reflected the sum of (1) the
balance of Mr Ng’s share in the Jalan Raya Properties received in his capacity
as Mdm Goh’s spouse; (2) Mr Ng’s share in the Jalan Raya Properties received
in his capacity as a beneficiary of the estate of one of his sons who pre-
deceased him and (3) payments Mr Ng made on behalf of Mdm Goh’s estate in
selling the Jalan Raya Properties. Thus, it was undisputed that Mr Ng was
entitled to these monies.

23 On 30 March 2010, the sale of the Eastwood Property was completed.

24 In around May 2010, Mr Ng moved to the Eastwood Property with the defendant
and her family to live there. Notably, the defendant’s evidence was that from
2010 to 2015, she purported to charge Mr Ng a total of $211,224.90 for
expenses he allegedly incurred during his stay at the Eastwood Property. Mr Ng
was aware of this. In this regard, the evidence was as follows:

(a) The defendant produced a document which she had prepared that indicated
that from 2010 to 2015, Mr Ng’s living expenses amounted to $211,224.90 (from
2010 to 2013, the expenses amounted to $150,883.90). The sum of $211,224.90
included the cost of Mr Ng’s food, mobile phone, Chinese newspapers, “CNY
withdrawal” and his maid (including the cost of the maid levy and repatriating
the maid). In relation to the “CNY withdrawal”, a fixed sum of $5,000 was
withdrawn for each year between 2010 and 2015, apparently for Mr Ng to provide
ang pows (red packets). The same document indicated that from 2010 to 2015, Mr
Ng’s medical expenses amounted to $6,363.41 (the sum for 2010 to 2013 amounted
to $4,027.78).

(b) According to the defendant, Mr Ng did not pay her for these expenses.
Instead, from 2010 to 2013, she withdrew a total sum of $226,585.05 from the
Joint Account for payment of Mr Ng’s “medical and living expenses and other
matters” [emphasis added]. The last withdrawal for the alleged purpose of
paying Mr Ng’s living expenses was effected on 13 May 2013, when the defendant
withdrew a total of $193,172.87 from the Joint Account, leaving barely $3,000
in it. In other words, this final withdrawal for the alleged purpose of Mr
Ng’s living expenses took place in 2013, before Mr Ng actually incurred any
expenses in 2014 and 2015.

Even on the defendant’s account, the numbers just did not add up. Mr Ng’s
alleged medical and living expenses for 2010 to 2013 amounted to a total sum
of $154,911.68 (the sum of $150,883.90 and $4,027.78: see [(a)] above). This
was far less than the $193,172.87 that the defendant withdrew on 13 May 2013,
let alone the total sum of $226,585.05 that she withdrew from the Joint
Account from 2010 to 2013. She was not able to explain these discrepancies.
Clearly, the defendant withdrew significantly more than the amount she alleged
Mr Ng had incurred. I set out in a table in Annex A details of the withdrawals
from the Joint Account and the defendant’s descriptions of and remarks
regarding the same. The defendant admitted that apart from two withdrawals on
17 March 2010 for the total sum of $1,702,300, which were effected after Mr Ng
signed two cheques, she had issued and signed all the other cheques
authorising the withdrawals.

25 On 25 January 2011, the parties in Suit 315 settled their dispute by
executing a settlement agreement. The settlement provided for the Company to
pay a sum of $420,000 to Mr Ng, and for Mr Ng and Mr Ng Teng to transfer their
shares in the Company to the plaintiff for nominal consideration.

26 On or about 9 June 2011, the defendant collected a cheque for $420,000,
reflecting the monies that Mr Ng was entitled to under the Settlement
Agreement (see [25] above). This too was deposited into the Joint Account. It
should be emphasised that despite Mr Ng depositing a total of $2,487,071.28
into the Joint Account, by 13 May 2013 when the defendant did the very last
withdrawal of $193,172.87 (see [24(b)] above), the Joint Account was left with
only $3,000. In other words, the Joint Account had been almost completely
drained.

27 Sometime in 2011, about a year after she bought the Eastwood Property, the
defendant sold the HDB Flat.

The second dispute

28 On 27 March 2015, the plaintiff visited Mr Ng at the Eastwood Property and
the parties thereafter reconciled. Shortly thereafter, Mr Ng asked the
plaintiff to perform a title search on the Eastwood Property. The plaintiff
performed the search and discovered that title to the Eastwood Property was
not in Mr Ng’s name. The plaintiff’s evidence, which I accept, was that Mr Ng
was “shocked” when he found out about this.

29 On 4 May 2015, Mr Ng left the Eastwood Property to stay with the plaintiff.

30 On 26 June 2015, Mr Ng’s solicitors sent a letter to the defendant (“the
Letter”) with the heading “Misappropriation of Funds”. The Letter asserted in
strong language that the defendant had misappropriated and used Mr Ng’s monies
to purchase the Eastwood Property. The Letter further asserted that the
defendant “may be guilty not only of criminal breach of trust but cheating as
well as forgery”, and invited her to produce evidence to the contrary.

31 On 27 June 2015, Mr Ng filed a police report (“the Police Report”). The
Police Report stated as follows:

In the year of 1985, my wife, Mdm Goh, had passed away. … In the year 2009,
all of my sons and daughters decided amongst themselves, with my agreement, to
sell both our properties. …

However, after all the money is distributed, I realised that none of the
proceeds is credited into my own bank account. I then asked [the defendant]
with regards to the money and she informed me that she had settled everything.
[After which], I then started staying with [the defendant] at [the Eastwood
Property]. As my daughter never told me about the entitlement of the unit and
reassured me that everything was settled, I was convinced that the new unit
was entitled to me using the proceeds that was [sic] entitled to me.

In the year of 2015 at about March, I then found out through my son, Mr Ng
Yok, and he verified through SLA, that [the Eastwood Property] was not under
my name and was in fact entitled to [the defendant] ever since 30 March 2010,
the period whereby all the proceeds were distributed. [After which], I then
started quarrelling with [the defendant] and subsequently, she then chased me
out of the unit on [4 May 2015]. …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

32 In or around July 2015, around one month after receiving the Letter, the
defendant replied to the Letter through her solicitors. In her reply, she did
not comment on the serious allegations raised in the Letter. Rather, her
solicitors simply stated that they had instructions to accept service of
process. I found it strange that the defendant did not see fit to respond to
such grave allegations from her father.

33 On 26 August 2015, Mr Ng commenced this action against the defendant.

34 On 15 and 21 December 2015, Dr Ng Li-Ling (“Dr Ng”), a Senior Consultant in
the Department of Psychological Medicine at Changi General Hospital, reviewed
Mr Ng to assess whether he was mentally capable of making decisions regarding
the present suit. Dr Ng prepared a medical report on Mr Ng (“the Medical
Report”). The key parts of the Medical Report are as follows:

[Mr Ng] was able to give details of the case and claimed that he had told his
daughter, [the defendant], that he wanted to buy a house together with her but
unfortunately he later found out that she had not put his name in the
ownership of the house at Eastwood. He was able to give details of the house
and that he gave $1.65 million of his money to her to buy the house …

According to Mr Ng, he had quarrelled with [the defendant] and moved out of
her house about a year ago. After he had moved out, he found out that the
title deeds of the [Eastwood Property] were only in [the defendant’s] name. …
He was clear and consistent in his account about the house. On cognitive
assessment, there were some deficits found in his short-term memory but he was
found to be mentally capable of making decisions regarding the court case
where he was taking legal action against [the defendant].

When last seen on 20 January 2016, his son reported that the court case was in
progress and Mr Ng was upset and worried about the case.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

35 On 24 December 2015, Mr Ng executed the Last Will. By this Will, he
appointed the plaintiff as the executor and revoked the First Will. The
defendant did not challenge the Last Will.

36 As noted at [33] above, on 26 August 2015, Mr Ng commenced this action.
However, unfortunately, he was not able to see it through. On 11 February
2016, Mr Ng passed away from multiple injuries which he sustained in an
apparent suicide. He was found on a grass patch behind the HDB block where he
was living with the plaintiff. The plaintiff subsequently obtained an order
that he be added as the plaintiff to this action in his capacity as the
executor of the Last Will.

The parties’ cases

37 The plaintiff’s case was that the defendant had devised a scheme to
fraudulently and/or wrongfully convert and/or misappropriate a total sum of
$2,487,071.28 (the aggregate of $1,939,955.50, $127,115.78 and $420,000, the
sums referred to in [20], [22] and [25] above) from Mr Ng. The defendant was
thus a constructive trustee of the monies in the Joint Account to the extent
of the sum of $2,487,071.28. However, the plaintiff did not claim this full
sum from the defendant but the lesser sum of $1,782,701.32. This sum
comprised:

(a) the sum of $1,662,500, which the defendant used to purchase the Eastwood
Property (see [21] above) and;

(b) the sum of $120,201.32, which the defendant did not dispute she used for
renovation, improvement and furnishing works (“the Works”) carried out to the
Eastwood Property.

The plaintiff claimed the defendant had withdrawn these sums from the Joint
Account and used them without Mr Ng’s knowledge and consent. The plaintiff
accordingly sought a declaration that the defendant held these sums on trust
for Mr Ng, and both personal and proprietary remedies in respect of these
sums.

38 The defendant did not deny that the sum of $2,487,071.28 was initially due
to Mr Ng. Rather, her defence in relation to the sums claimed by the plaintiff
was as follows:

(a) First, Mr Ng had issued the 17 March 2010 cheque to her, for the sum of
$1,662,500, as a gift to fund the purchase of the Eastwood Property. He had
done so with the knowledge and the intention that the Eastwood Property would
be purchased in her sole name.

(b) Second, Mr Ng had agreed to give her $200,000 by way of a gift to carry
out the Works. Yet she had only withdrawn $120,201.32 from the Joint Account
to pay for the same.

The defendant therefore maintained that she did not convert or misappropriate
the sums claimed; and, that Mr Ng’s estate was not entitled to their return.

The issues

39 The dispute in this action centred on the sum of $1,662,500 which the
defendant had used to purchase the Eastwood Property. The plaintiff averred
that the defendant had withdrawn this sum from the Joint Account without Mr
Ng’s knowledge and consent (see [37] above). Nevertheless, the plaintiff
retracted his initial claim that Mr Ng’s signature on the 17 March 2010 cheque
was forged (see [21] above). It was also clear from the following pieces of
evidence, and I found, that Mr Ng had known and acknowledged or agreed that
the Eastwood Property would be purchased with his monies:

(a) First, according to the Medical Report, Mr Ng told Dr Ng that he “gave
$1.65 million of his money to [the defendant] to buy the [Eastwood Property]”
(see [34] above).

(b) Second, the Police Report records Mr Ng as having stated that when he was
residing with the defendant at the Eastwood Property, he “was convinced that
the [Eastwood Property] was entitled to me using the proceeds that was [sic]
entitled to me” (see [31] above). This showed that Mr Ng knew his monies were
used to purchase the Eastwood Property.

(c) Third, Mr Ng asked the plaintiff to perform a title search on the Eastwood
Property in March 2015 (see [28] above). This also indicated that he knew that
the Eastwood Property was purchased with his monies.

40 Thus, the principal issue in this case was the basis on which Mr Ng had
acknowledged or agreed that the Eastwood Property would be purchased with his
monies. Did Mr Ng gift the sum of $1,662,500 to the defendant to fund her
purchase of the Eastwood Property? Was the Eastwood Property to be purchased
for and registered in Mr Ng’s name? I will refer to this issue as “the
Purchase Price Issue”.

41 The second issue, pertaining to the sum of $120,201.32 which was used for
the Works (see [37(b)] above), was whether Mr Ng agreed to gift $200,000 to
the defendant to carry out the Works (“the Renovation Monies Issue”).

The Purchase Price Issue

42 I turned first to the Purchase Price Issue. I began by considering the
defendant’s account, before turning to the evidence adduced by the plaintiff.

The defendant’s account of the events

43 According to the defendant, the following events transpired in the lead-up
to the signing of the 17 March 2010 cheque:

(a) On 5 December 2009, the defendant had a conversation with Mr Ng. He told
her that he would give her money to buy a bigger house, as a “gesture of
gratitude” for supporting and caring for him over the years, helping to save
him from bankruptcy in 2003, and rescuing the Company in 2004 and
resuscitating its business thereafter.

(b) The defendant then obtained the OTP for the Eastwood Property on 9
December 2009 and exercised it on 22 December 2009 (see [17(b)] and [17(d)]
above). After exercising the OTP, she informed Mr Ng that she had purchased
the Eastwood Property. Mr Ng approved of the purchase of the Eastwood
Property, and told the defendant that he would pay for the balance of the
purchase price as a gift to her.

(c) On 4 January 2010, Mr Ng formalised his intention to pay for the balance
of the purchase price of the Eastwood Property. He did this by executing the
First Will, and expressly stating therein that he gave $1,662,500 to the
defendant for her to purchase the Eastwood Property.

According to the defendant, Mr Ng then duly issued the 17 March 2010 cheque to
her as a gift to finance her purchase of the Eastwood Property.

44 Having carefully considered the evidence and the parties’ submissions, I
did not accept the defendant’s evidence. I could not accept that Mr Ng would
have given such a substantial gift to the defendant, for two main reasons:

(a) First, the defendant’s account was internally inconsistent.

(b) Second, I found the defendant’s account inherently implausible.

The inconsistencies in the defendant’s account

45 The defendant’s account was internally inconsistent in several ways.

46 First, the defendant’s account that Mr Ng had gifted her $1,662,500 to
purchase the Eastwood Property was inconsistent with her own evidence as to
the purpose of the sale of the Jalan Raya Properties. According to the
defendant, Mr Ng had wanted to sell 34 Jalan Raya because he had needed money
to defend Suit 315, which the plaintiff brought against Mr Ng and Mr Ng Teng
in April 2009 (see [14] above). At trial, the defendant said that Mr Ng opened
the Joint Account with her for a similar reason. He wanted her to continue
defending Suit 315 in case he passed away. He “[could] not allow the defence
to collapse because it [would] affect [Mr Ng Teng]”, who was also a defendant
to Suit 315.

47 However, if the primary reason for the sale was to build a war chest for
the defence of Suit 315, I found it difficult to believe that Mr Ng would have
agreed to make such a substantial gift to the defendant on 5 December 2009,
just two days after the OTP for the Jalan Raya Properties was issued, as she
claimed (see [43(a)] above). The monies would have had to come from Mr Ng’s
share of the proceeds of sale of the Jalan Raya Properties because, as I note
at [57] below, that was Mr Ng’s principal source of wealth. In that light, I
could not accept that Mr Ng would have agreed to gift the defendant such a
substantial proportion of the proceeds of the sale on 5 December 2009.

48 The chronology of the events was of vital importance. The OTP for the Jalan
Raya Properties was granted on 3 December 2009 (see [17(a)] above). At that
stage, Suit 315 was very much alive and in early stages having been commenced
in April 2009. I therefore found it difficult to believe that on 5 December
2009, just two days after the OTP for the Jalan Raya Properties was issued, Mr
Ng would have been prepared to provide a substantial portion of the funds for
the acquisition of the Eastwood Property by way of a gift. That would have
undermined the very purpose of the sale according to the defendant, that is,
to ensure Mr Ng had enough funds to defend Suit 315. Mr Ng did not even know
at that stage whether the OTP for the Jalan Raya Properties would be
exercised. There would therefore have been little reason for him to have
committed to fund a substantial real estate acquisition.

49 On the defendant’s account, it appeared that there was no discussion on 5
December 2009 regarding what the exact purchase price of the Eastwood Property
would be. The assurance from Mr Ng appeared to be have been made blind, which
would not have made sense, even if Mr Ng had anticipated that the OTP would be
exercised, given that his only source of wealth was his share in the Jalan
Raya Properties. His resources were limited and needed to fund the litigation
costs for Suit 315. The sum in question turned out to be $1,662,500 which
amounted to more than 80% of the total sum of $2,057,848.28 that Mr Ng was to
receive from the proceeds of sale of the Jalan Raya Properties.

50 Furthermore, following from the point made in [49] above, if no specific
amount was discussed during the alleged conversation on 5 December 2009, on
what basis did the defendant proceed to commit to the purchase of the Eastwood
Property on 9 December 2009 for the sum of $1,750,000? The defendant would not
have known how much Mr Ng would have been prepared and able to give her. She
could not have been confident that he would pay whatever sum was necessary to
complete the purchase of the Eastwood Property given the purpose of the sale
of the Jalan Raya Properties and the proceeds thereof being Mr Ng’s only
source of wealth. Again, as noted earlier, there was no evidence that the
defendant herself had the means to fund the purchase (see [17] above]. In
fact, on her own case, she had to draw on a budget promised by Mr Ng to pay
for the Works (see [38(b)] above). Of course, if the defendant had trained her
sights on Mr Ng’s share of the proceeds of sale of the Jalan Raya Properties,
much of this would be explicable. She would after all have known what Mr Ng’s
share would be and when it would be paid. The sale process was very much under
her control as the grantee of the Power of Attorney. I consider this further
below (see [78] below).

51 For these reasons, I found the defendant’s account difficult to accept. I
sought clarification from her as to why Mr Ng would have gifted such a large
sum to her when he sold the Jalan Raya Properties to raise funds to defend
Suit 315. She could only say that at the material time, Mr Ng had “already
paid quite a lot for the legal fee[s]”. I was unable to accept this evidence
for three reasons:

(a) First, this response was inconsistent with the defendant’s own case. If a
substantial portion of the legal fees had already been paid, there would have
been no need to sell the Jalan Raya Properties in the first place. The
defendant could not have it both ways.

(b) Second, Suit 315 was only about eight months old at the time of the
alleged conversation on 5 December 2009. It was still at a fairly early stage
and was in fact only settled in early 2011 (see [25] above). The bulk of the
legal fees would surely not have been incurred at that stage. No evidence was
adduced by the defendant to back up her assertion.

(c) Third, one of the reasons that the defendant offered for the opening of
the Joint Account was so that there were funds available to the defendant to
continue defending Suit 315 in the event he passed away (see [46] and [54(b)]
below). If Mr Ng had paid quite a lot of his legal fees by 5 December 2009, it
is difficult to believe that he would have wanted to open the Joint Account
for this purpose.

(d) Fourth, for the reasons given in [(b)] above, I found that Mr Ng would not
have believed, in late 2009 and early 2010, that he had paid a large
proportion of his legal fees for Suit 315. Therefore, it would not have made
sense for him to gift a substantial proportion of the proceeds of the sale of
the Jalan Raya Properties to the defendant, if he had indeed sought to raise
funds for the defence of Suit 315, as she contended.

I made the points in [(b)] and [(d)] above to the defendant during the trial.
She did not give any satisfactory answer.

52 I now come to the second key inconsistency in the defendant’s evidence. She
claimed that Mr Ng had promised to pay for the Eastwood Property on 5 and 22
December 2009 (see [43(a)]–[43(b)] above). Yet if that were true, why would it
have been necessary for Mr Ng to formalise that promise in the First Will?
This was after all a promise by her very own father. Further, the Will was
ambulatory coming into effect only upon Mr Ng’s death. However, the defendant
needed funding almost immediately. When the First Will was executed on 4
January 2010, the defendant had already exercised the OTP for the Eastwood
Property on 22 December 2009 (see [17(d)] above); and the completion of the
sale, which occurred on 30 March 2010 (see [23] above), was imminent.

53 When faced with these difficulties, the defendant, who insisted that the
First Will was Mr Ng’s idea, could only speculate that he might have feared
that he would die within the few months before the sale was completed. I
should make clear that I did not accept that Mr Ng was the driver behind the
First Will. The evidence indicated that the defendant was the principal mover
behind the First Will (see [83] below). In any case, the defendant’s account
did not make sense.

(a) First, it did not gel with her own case on why the Jalan Raya Properties
were sold and why the Joint Account was opened. Critically, the First Will,
which provided for the distribution of Mr Ng’s entire estate, did not provide
for a single cent to be set aside for the defence of Suit 315. It must be
remembered that according to the defendant, Mr Ng’s reason for selling the
Jalan Raya Properties was to obtain monies that he would be able to set aside
for the defence of Suit 315 as he “[could] not allow the defence to collapse
because it [would] affect [Mr Ng Teng]”, his brother (see [46] above). If Mr
Ng was concerned that he would pass away imminently, then on the defendant’s
own case, he would have set aside monies for the defence of Suit 315. However,
he did not do so in the First Will.

(b) Second, it was not clear why Mr Ng would have become so concerned about
his mortality between 5 December 2009, when he allegedly spoke to the
defendant about a gift, and 4 January 2010, when the First Will was made, to
the extent that he feared that he would pass on before the completion of the
sale of the Jalan Raya Properties took place. Completion of the sale was after
all imminent.

54 Finally, there were two other inconsistencies in the defendant’s account:

(a) First, the defendant’s account of Mr Ng’s promises to gift her monies was
inconsistent. In her defence, she referred to a single conversation with Mr
Ng, on 5 December 2009, in which he allegedly promised to give her money to
buy a bigger home. Yet in her affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), she
alluded to a second conversation, on 22 December 2009, following the exercise
of the OTP for the Eastwood Property, during which Mr Ng allegedly agreed to
pay the balance of the price of the Eastwood Property. Also, it is strange
that the defendant would have a follow up conversation with Mr Ng about the
funding for the purchase of the Eastwood Property on 22 December 2009 when the
OTP was issued on 9 December 2009. Presumably, a second conversation would
have taken place just before the OTP for the Eastwood Property was issued as
the defendant would then have been able to discuss with Mr Ng the exact amount
that was needed from him.

(b) Second, the defendant’s account as to why the Joint Account was opened was
inconsistent. At trial, she said that Mr Ng had wanted the Joint Account so
that she could continue defending Suit 315 in the event that he passed away
(see [46] above). However, in her AEIC, she stated that Mr Ng had instructed
her to open the Joint Account for the more general reason that she was
attending to his personal, business and estate matters under the Power of
Attorney. I noted in this regard that the explanation in her AEIC did not sit
well with the date on which the Power of Attorney was granted, 18 February
2009, almost a year before the Joint Account was opened on 4 January 2010 (see
[13] above).

The inherent implausibility of the defendant’s account

55 Moreover, leaving aside the internal inconsistencies in the defendant’s
evidence, I found her account intrinsically implausible for three reasons.

56 First, the defendant received $290,993.33 from the sale of the Jalan Raya
Properties in her own right. Mr Ng would have known that she had received a
tidy sum from the proceeds of the sale of the Jalan Raya Properties. In the
circumstances, I did not accept that he would have seen fit to bestow such a
sizeable gift of money on the defendant as a “gesture of gratitude” for
several reasons.

57 To begin with, giving the defendant such a large sum would have left Mr Ng
very little for himself. Notably, it appeared that Mr Ng’s only source of
wealth was his share of the proceeds from the sale of the Jalan Raya
Properties; and at the material time in 2009, Mr Ng was already 82 years old.

58 Furthermore, and critically, at the time, the defendant owned another
property, a five-room HDB flat (see [12] and [27] above). Having contemplated
the prospect of mounting legal costs and applied for the sale of the Jalan
Raya Properties to meet them, why would Mr Ng have given the defendant money
to buy another house as a gift? The situation as regards Suit 315 was
uncertain at that time. The defendant’s explanation in this regard was that Mr
Ng had originally desired to move into the HDB flat to live with her and her
family. However, upon viewing the HDB flat, Mr Ng found it uncomfortable and
thus decided to fund the defendant’s purchase of a private property.

59 Yet this did not explain why Mr Ng would have gifted the defendant monies
to buy a private property in her own name. It must be reiterated that barely
two months earlier in October 2009, Mr Ng had only desired to sell 34 Jalan
Raya. He wanted to retain 36 Jalan Raya for himself as a roof over his head
(see [16] above). Why would Mr Ng, just after the OTP for the Jalan Raya
Properties had been issued, suddenly feel that he needed to make a gift to the
defendant when there was no indication that he had intended to make such a
gift before? Particularly when (a) she did not need one; and (b) Mr Ng was in
need of the monies himself? The defendant did not refer to any occasion before
5 December 2009 when Mr Ng had mentioned such a gift. What prompted the change
of heart on 5 December 2009?

60 Both of the Jalan Raya Properties were sold against Mr Ng’s original wish
because of the court order which was made. Bearing Mr Ng’s original intention
in mind, it seemed more likely than not that after the sale of the properties,
Mr Ng would have wanted to use his share of the proceeds to purchase a
property in his own name to have the roof over his head that he originally
desired. Notably, during the trial, the defendant conceded that Mr Ng
“definitely” wanted a house of his own.

61 For this reason and for the further reasons given in [69] and [73] below, I
found that Mr Ng knew and acknowledged or agreed that the Eastwood Property
would be purchased with his monies on the basis that title to the Eastwood
Property would be in his (sole) name. On that premise, if Mr Ng had indeed
wished to bestow a gift in the form of the Eastwood Property to the defendant,
he would have willed it to her. That would have fulfilled both his desire to
own a home, and his alleged wish to express his gratitude to her.

62 I would also add that it was not entirely clear what the defendant had done
to warrant such a sizeable gift from Mr Ng. While she claimed that she had
played a key role in the affairs of the Company during the period that it
faced financial difficulties (from 2002 to 2004), the plaintiff denied this
(see [10]–[11] above). It was undisputed that the plaintiff was the managing
director of the Company since its inception; while the defendant joined the
Company as a clerk (see [7] above). While I was prepared to accept that the
latter had assisted in the Company’s affairs from 2002 to 2004, I struggled to
accept that the defendant had played the pivotal role in resuscitating the
Company that she claimed she did.

63 I now come to the second reason why I found the defendant’s account
intrinsically implausible. Her evidence that Mr Ng gave her such a substantial
sum as a gift was undercut by the fact that she purported to hold him to
account for a staggering $211,224.90 for expenses that he allegedly incurred
during his stay at the Eastwood Property, including the cost of, amongst other
things, his food, Chinese newspapers and ang pows (see [24(a)] above); and, in
fact, withdrew even more than this sum from the Joint Account (see [24(b)]
above). If Mr Ng had given the defendant such a sizeable gift for the purchase
of the Eastwood Property, why would she have taken his monies for his alleged
expenses? And why would Mr Ng have readily accepted this state of affairs?
There was no trace of gratitude in the defendant’s conduct.

64 When pressed on this point during the trial, the defendant claimed that it
had been Mr Ng’s idea to pay for these expenses, adding that it had been his
practice to give money to Mdm Goh when the family was living in the Jalan Raya
Properties. This did not make any sense at all. First, the defendant agreed
that Mr Ng had given money to Mdm Goh to run the household for the benefit of
the whole family, and not for himself alone. She eventually admitted that this
was quite different from Mr Ng agreeing to pay for his share of the household
expenses. Second, and more importantly, the situation was completely
different. It beggared belief that if Mr Ng had already gifted her $1,662,500
to purchase the Eastwood Property, he would then have offered to pay for the
expenses the defendant incurred while he lived there. Surely he would not have
felt any obligation to the defendant after conferring such a generous gift
upon her. I therefore did not accept the defendant’s claim that it had been Mr
Ng’s idea to pay for his expenses. Further, it was significant that this was
not a case of Mr Ng giving the defendant monies voluntarily. It was a case of
her holding him to account for his expenses, and unilaterally withdrawing sums
from the Joint Account and up to a point where it was almost completely
drained. I would emphasise that the defendant’s evidence on this point was of
a piece with her evidence as a whole. I did not find her to be a credible
witness at all and I therefore gave very little weight to her evidence.

65 Third, the defendant’s account seemed just too convenient to be true. Even
if Mr Ng had intended to reward her, I found it difficult to believe that Mr
Ng allegedly made this intention clear on 5 December 2009, just two days after
the OTP for the Jalan Raya Properties was granted. Thus, the chronology of the
key events in December 2009 undercut the defendant’s evidence.

66 For all the above reasons, I did not accept the defendant’s account. In
that light, I turned to consider the evidence adduced by the plaintiff.

The evidence adduced by the plaintiff

67 The evidence adduced by the plaintiff fell into two broad categories:

(a) First, there was evidence in the form of the Letter, the Police Report and
the Medical Report of what Mr Ng had told third parties. I shall refer to
these three documents as “the Three Statements”.

(b) Second, there was circumstantial evidence which indicated that Mr Ng had
not gifted $1,662,500 to the defendant.

The Three Statements

68 The Three Statements were statements of what Mr Ng had told third parties.
The plaintiff relied on these statements for the truth of their contents. The
Three Statements were thus hearsay evidence. However, since Mr Ng had passed
away, I found that the Three Statements fell within the exception to the
hearsay rule in s 32(1)(j)(i) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the
Evidence Act”): they were statements made by a deceased person. The plaintiff
did not issue the requisite notice under s 32(4)(b) of the Evidence Act read
with O 38 r 4 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of
Court”). However, the Court of Appeal has ruled that breach of this
requirement can be cured under O 2 of the Rules of Court if the opposing party
does not suffer prejudice which would render it unfair for the evidence to be
admitted: Gimpex Ltd v Unity Holdings Business Ltd and others and another
appeal [2015] 2 SLR 686 at [137]–[138]. In this case, the defendant did not
contend that she would suffer such prejudice and I was satisfied that she did
not. Thus, I turned to consider the contents of the Three Statements.

69 Though there were minor variations between the Three Statements, there was
a common and continuing theme. In each statement, Mr Ng stated that the
defendant had misappropriated his monies by using them to purchase the
Eastwood Property in her own name. Significantly, in the Police Report, Mr Ng
stated that he had been “convinced that the new unit was entitled to me using
the proceeds that were entitled to me” (see [31] above). This indicated that
he had acknowledged or agreed that the Eastwood Property would be purchased
with his monies on the basis that title would be in his sole name (see [61]
above).

70 During the trial, however, counsel for the defendant, Mr Phua Hoon Chong
Justin (“Mr Phua”), suggested based on the Medical Report that Mr Ng may have
intended to purchase the Eastwood Property with the defendant jointly. Mr Phua
emphasised the following portion of the Medical Report:

[Mr Ng] was able to give details of the case and claimed that he had told his
daughter, [the defendant], that he wanted to buy a house together with her but
unfortunately he later found out that she had not put his name in the
ownership of the house at Eastwood. He was able to give details of the house
and that he gave $1.65 million of his money to her to buy the house …
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

However, Mr Phua then admitted that it was not the defendant’s case (nor the
plaintiff’s) that Mr Ng had intended to purchase the Eastwood Property with
the defendant jointly. Furthermore, reading the Medical Report in its
totality, I did not think it was possible to glean from it that Mr Ng had
intended to buy the Eastwood Property with the defendant in their joint names.
Mr Ng also did not take this position in the Letter and the Police Report. As
explained at [59] above, the fact that Mr Ng originally desired a house of his
own also corroborates the indication in the Police Report (see [69] above)
that Mr Ng intended that the Eastwood Property would be purchased in his sole
name. Hence, I did not accept that Mr Ng intended to purchase the Eastwood
Property with the defendant jointly.

71 I accorded some weight to Mr Ng’s account of the events in the Three
Statements for the following three reasons:

(a) First, the plaintiff testified that in taking statements from Mr Ng, his
solicitors and the police had interviewed Mr Ng alone, without the plaintiff
being present. Mr Ng did not rely on a written statement prepared beforehand
in making the Police Report. I found the plaintiff to be a credible witness
and therefore accepted his evidence on these points.

(b) Second, Dr Ng noted that Mr Ng was “clear and consistent in his account
about the house” and found him mentally capable of making decisions regarding
this suit (see [34] above). Similarly, there was no challenge to the Last
Will, which was made on 24 December 2015 (see [35] above). This implied (which
the defendant accepted) that Mr Ng was mentally capable and not under undue
influence when he executed the Last Will. The Last Will was made at around the
same time as Mr Ng’s statements to Dr Ng, and not long after the Letter and
the Police Report. The contents of the Letter and the Police Report were
broadly consistent with the contents of the Medical Report. I therefore
considered that the Three Statements accurately reflected Mr Ng’s views
regarding the purchase of the Eastwood Property.

(c) Third, in my judgment, in assessing the Three Statements, the following
point was crucial. Mr Ng made these very serious allegations to third parties,
including the police, against his own flesh and blood. This was about a father
pointing the finger at his daughter. The defendant, on her case, had taken Mr
Ng in after he fell out with the plaintiff in 2009 and had cared for him over
the next few years. This was also the very child who, according to the
defendant, saw Mr Ng and the Company through their financial malaise (see [10]
above). What reason was there for Mr Ng to falsely malign her? The defendant
could only say that the plaintiff persuaded Mr Ng to make false allegations
against her. He had convinced Mr Ng, who had promised to gift her the Eastwood
Property, to go back on his promise. I found this very difficult to believe.
On the defendant’s own account, the plaintiff had caused Mr Ng much anguish,
taking him to “one of the lowest points in his life”, by bringing Suit 315
against him. In this light, it seemed that the plaintiff was the last person
who could have persuaded Mr Ng to make these serious and allegedly false
claims against his own daughter. Further, it must be remembered that Mr Ng had
been living under the defendant’s roof at the Eastwood Property, and something
must have triggered his departure. It is telling that he left after the
results of the title search he had requested became known to him. I consider
this further below (see [73] and [74]).

72 Thus, the Three Statements indicated that Mr Ng did not gift $1,662,500 to
the defendant for her to purchase the Eastwood Property in her own name. I
then turned to the circumstantial evidence, which also indicated that Mr Ng
did not gift this sum to the defendant as she claimed.

The circumstantial evidence

73 First, as noted at [28] above, upon meeting the plaintiff in March 2015, Mr
Ng asked the latter to perform a title search on the Eastwood Property and was
shocked when he found out that title was not in his name. This was critical.
If Mr Ng had not intended and expected title to be in his name, there would
have been no reason for him to ask the plaintiff to do a title search, let
alone reason for him to be shocked when he learnt that title was not in his
name. The very fact that he requested the title search indicated that, at
least, he wanted confirmation that title to the Eastwood Property was in his
name. That implied that he did not issue the 17 March 2010 cheque intending
that it would be a gift to the defendant to finance her purchase of the
Eastwood Property in her own name.

74 Second, I found it very telling that Mr Ng left the Eastwood Property soon
after reuniting with the plaintiff, and after the title search was performed.
In my view, the mere fact that Mr Ng and the plaintiff healed the breach
between them did not explain why he would have left the Eastwood Property.
Having carefully considered the evidence, it appeared that there were two
reasons why Mr Ng left. First, the defendant’s astonishing conduct in
purporting to charge Mr Ng for all of his expenses in the Eastwood Property
(see [24] above). Second, and perhaps more importantly, the fact that the
title search revealed that title to the Eastwood Property was not in his name.
This latter factor must have been the straw that broke the camel’s back,
driving Mr Ng to leave the Eastwood Property. This is in fact what the Police
Report indicates. Mr Ng stated there that upon learning that title to the
Eastwood Property was in the defendant’s name, he began quarrelling with the
defendant and left the Eastwood Property shortly thereafter (see [31] above).

75 For these reasons, I found that Mr Ng did not gift the sum of $1,662,500 to
the defendant to finance her purchase of the Eastwood Property in her own
name. I found that he acknowledged or agreed to pay for the Eastwood Property
on the basis that title to the property would be in his sole name.

76 Furthermore, having reviewed all the evidence, I was driven to several
further findings. I shall now set out these findings and my reasons for them.

My further findings

77 The key events regarding the sale of the Jalan Raya Properties and the
purchase of the Eastwood Property occurred in very quick succession (see [17]
above). The defendant obtained the OTP for the Eastwood Property on 9 December
2009, less than a week after the OTP for the Jalan Raya Properties was granted
on 3 December 2009. This attracted grave suspicion. During cross-examination,
the defendant insisted that she only began searching for properties on 5
December 2009, after her alleged conversation with Mr Ng. I was unable to
accept this for two reasons.

(a) First, I found it difficult to believe that the defendant identified,
decided and agreed to make a significant real estate acquisition within four
days. For the reasons given at [50] above, it is not clear how she would have
known at which price point she should search.

(b) Second, there would have been no reason to rush once the alleged promise
by Mr Ng was made on 5 December 2009.

78 The short time interval between the OTPs for the Jalan Raya Properties and
the Eastwood Property suggested two things to me. First, the defendant had
already identified the Eastwood Property and negotiated its purchase even
before the OTP for the Jalan Raya Properties was issued. She was waiting for
that OTP to be issued before committing to the purchase of the Eastwood
Property. She had her sights trained on Mr Ng’s share of the proceeds of sale
of the Jalan Raya Properties. In this regard, I noted that control of the sale
of the Jalan Raya Properties was with the defendant pursuant to the Power of
Attorney (see [13] above). The application for the sale of the Jalan Raya
Properties was filed in October 2009, and the court order authorising the sale
made on 12 November 2009 (see [16] above). The defendant would thus have had
control over the process and could have, to a significant extent, determined
when the Jalan Raya Properties would be sold. In those circumstances, she
would have been in a position to source for properties such as the Eastwood
Property ahead of the sale of the Jalan Raya Properties. Having considered the
evidence, and taking into account all the difficulties with the defendant’s
case, I found that this was in fact what she did.

79 Second, it followed from this finding that the 5 December 2009 conversation
did not trigger the search for the Eastwood Property. This in turn meant that
the defendant was not truthful in her evidence that the conversation on 5
December 2009 was the trigger for her search for the Eastwood Property. This
raised significant doubts over whether the 5 December 2009 conversation had
indeed taken place. By the same token, I had serious doubts over whether the
alleged conversation on 22 December 2009 took place as well.

80 I noted that the defendant sourced for the Eastwood Property while her
family was in financial difficulties. I reiterate the absence of evidence as
to her ability to fund the purchase on her own. At the time, her husband was a
bankrupt (see [10] above). I thus found that the purchase of the Eastwood
Property was entirely dependent on the defendant obtaining monies from Mr Ng.

81 I also noted that the Joint Account was opened on 4 January 2010, not long
after the OTPs for the Jalan Raya Properties and the Eastwood Property were
exercised (see [18] above). It was not clear why the Joint Account was even
necessary. As I have noted (see [54(b)] above), the defendant’s evidence on
this point was inconsistent. It was undisputed that Mr Ng had his own personal
bank account. The plaintiff’s evidence was that it was not in “[Mr Ng’s]
nature to have a joint bank account”. This was corroborated by the defendant’s
evidence that Mr Ng, to her knowledge, did not have any joint account with Mdm
Goh.

82 Further, I noted that the First Will was executed on the very same day that
the Joint Account was opened. This too was suspicious, given that it was
unclear why the First Will was necessary to begin with (see [52]–[53] above).

83 In the light of these points, having carefully reviewed all the evidence,
and bearing in mind the quality of evidence that was necessary to prove fraud,
I reached the inexorable conclusion that the defendant devised a scheme to
appropriate Mr Ng’s monies. Her scheme was to use those monies to fund the
purchase of the Eastwood Property. The scheme subsequently enlarged to
encompass the expenses that she incurred thereafter. I found that she was the
driver behind the First Will, and that she procured Mr Ng to sign the 17 March
2010 cheque. She did all this to cloak her plan with the veneer of legality
and propriety. In making this finding, I was fortified by the fact that the
defendant purported to hold Mr Ng to account for expenses that he allegedly
incurred during his stay at the Eastwood Property from 2010 to 2015. Moreover,
the defendant’s “accounts” of Mr Ng’s alleged expenses did not even match the
sums that were withdrawn from the Joint Account allegedly as reimbursement for
his expenses (see [24] above). In my judgment, all this was further proof of
the defendant’s scheme to drain her father of his monies.

84 I now turn to the Renovation Monies Issue.

The Renovation Monies Issue

85 The defendant claimed that in April 2010, Mr Ng verbally gave her a budget
of $200,000 as a gift to carry out the Works. The plaintiff denied this;
though he admitted that in April or May 2010, the defendant and/or her husband
asked Mr Ng for monies for minor works to the Eastwood Property.

86 For similar reasons to those given above, I found that Mr Ng did not agree
to give the defendant $200,000 in April 2010 to carry out the Works:

(a) First, by April 2010, Mr Ng had parted with a substantial sum for the
purchase of the Eastwood Property. In that light, I found it very unlikely
that he would have agreed to gift $200,000 to the defendant for the Works. On
the defendant’s case, he would have been concerned about funding the defence
of Suit 315. It is worth pointing out that by April 2010, the total amount
that Mr Ng had deposited in the Joint Account was $2,067,071.28. With the gift
for $200,000, Mr Ng would have been left with only $204,571.28, hardly
sufficient for a war chest for Suit 315 let alone his expenses. But even
leaving that aside, I could not accept that Mr Ng gave the defendant a further
gift of $200,000. I noted that the Works included items such as converting a
pool to a fish pond, which were hardly urgent or necessary works for the
Property. It must be reiterated that the proceeds from the sale of the Jalan
Raya Properties constituted the principal asset that Mr Ng had (see [57]
above). It is very difficult to believe that he would have agreed to spend
what remained on the Works as a further gift to the defendant.

(b) Second, according to the defendant, she had arranged for some of the
Works, such as a walking ramp, to make the house comfortable for her father.
The thrust of her account in gist was that the Works were carried out of
filial piety. But on that premise, I found it strange that Mr Ng would have
agreed to pay for the Works.

(c) Third, there was no indication in the Three Statements that Mr Ng agreed
to give the defendant $200,000 as a gift for the Works.

(d) Fourth, as noted above, I did not find the defendant to be a credible
witness. I thus gave very little weight to her evidence that Mr Ng gifted her
a budget of $200,000. I would add that the defendant did not adequately
explain why there were separate conversations regarding the purchase price of
the Eastwood Property and the Works.

87 Having made findings on the Purchase Price Issue and the Renovation Monies
Issue, I turned to consider the appropriate orders.

My orders

88 As I have noted at [37] above, the plaintiff’s case was that the defendant
had devised a scheme to fraudulently convert and/or misappropriate a total sum
of $2,487,071.28 from Mr Ng, and was therefore a constructive trustee of the
monies in the Joint Account to this extent. The plaintiff sought a declaration
to this effect and both personal and proprietary remedies.

89 To recapitulate, I made the following main findings of fact:

(a) I found that the defendant had devised a scheme to appropriate Mr Ng’s
monies and, to this end, procured Mr Ng to sign the 17 March 2010 cheque (see
[83] above). Mr Ng had agreed or acknowledged that the Eastwood Property would
be purchased with his monies, but on the basis that title to the Property
would be in his sole name (see [75] above).

(b) I found that Mr Ng did not agree to give the defendant $200,000 in April
2010 to carry out the Works (see [86] above).

90 In Guy Neale and others v Nine Squares Pty Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 1097 (“Guy
Neale”) at [124], the Court of Appeal made the following observations
regarding (institutional) constructive trusts:

124 An institutional constructive trust arises by operation of law. Generally
speaking, it is imposed whenever the defendant knows that the property in
question has been dealt with in an unconscionable manner. … Millett LJ
ventured to offer a general definition of the doctrine of an institutional
constructive trust in Paragon Finance plc v DB Thakerar & Co [1999] 1 All ER
400 (“Paragon Finance”) at 409:

A constructive trust arises by operation of law whenever the circumstances are
such that it would be unconscionable for the owner of property (usually but
not necessarily the legal estate) to assert his own beneficial interest in the
property and deny the beneficial interest of another.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

91 On the facts, applying the test stated by Millett LJ in Paragon Finance
which the Court of Appeal endorsed in Guy Neale, I found that the defendant
held the following sums on constructive trust for the plaintiff:

(a) the sum of $1,662,500, which the defendant withdrew from the Joint Account
and applied towards the purchase price of the Eastwood Property; and

(b) the aggregate sum of $120,201.32 which the defendant withdrew from the
Joint Account and used to pay for the Works.

I accordingly granted a declaration in these terms.

92 In further written submissions, the plaintiff elected to pursue proprietary
remedies. The present action was bifurcated. Taking guidance from the order
made by the Court of Appeal in Caltong (Australia) Pty Ltd (formerly known as
Tong Tien See Holding (Australia) Pty Ltd) and another v Tong Tien See
Construction Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and another appeal [2002] 2 SLR(R) 94 at
[65], I made the following orders:

(a) I ordered the defendant to account to the plaintiff for the sums in
[91(a)] and [91(b)] above, including (1) the use of such monies (with details
of to whom such monies were paid, when such monies were paid, the quantum of
payment and the reasons for payment) and (2) all properties and/or benefits
and/or assets obtained from the use of such monies.

(b) I ordered an inquiry to trace the assets or proceeds into which the sums
in [91(a)] and [91(b)] above have been converted.

93 In relation to costs, the plaintiff claimed costs based on a letter which
he claimed was an offer to settle for the purposes of O 22A of the Rules of
Court. This proposed as a compromise that a 55% share in the Eastwood Property
be transferred to the plaintiff in satisfaction of the claim. I considered
that it would not be possible to assess the effect of this letter until after
the account and inquiry was heard and decided. I therefore deferred the issue
of costs until then.

Kannan Ramesh  
Judge

Shriniwas Rai and Ravi Arumugam (Wong Alliance LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Phua Hoon Chong Justin (Justin Phua Tan & Partners) for the defendant.  

* * *

Annex

A.1 The following table shows the withdrawals from the Joint Account between
17 March 2010 and 13 May 2013:

Date | Pre-withdrawal balance| Sum withdrawn| Defendant’s description of withdrawal| Defendant’s remarks| Post-withdrawal balance  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
17/03/2010 | $1,940,946.18| $39,800.00| Messrs William Poh & Louis Lim – Refund of 1% deposit of estate| Signed by Mr Ng| $1,901,146.18  
17/03/2010| $1,901,146.18| $1,662,500.00| The Defendant for purchase of the Eastwood house| Signed by Mr Ng | $238,646.18  
19/03/2010| $258,546.18| $15,501.00| Messrs Sng & Co – Legal fees for Suit 315| Signed by the defendant | $243,045.18  
24/03/2010| $243,045.18| $950.00| Mega discount store| Signed by the defendant
–withdrawal from budget| $242,095.18  
25/04/2010| $349,368.09| $40,000.00| Reimbursement of good will compensation
to resettle 4 tenants| Signed by the defendant| $309,368.09  
25/05/2010| $309,463.84| $40,000.00| Contribution to renovation| Signed by the
defendant –withdrawal from budget| $269,463.84  
03/06/2010| $269,544.48| $16,175.30| Messrs William Poh & Louis Lim – Legal fees for Suit 315| Signed by the defendant | $253,369.18  
23/06/2010| $253,369.18| $35,729.00| Contribution to renovation| Signed by the
defendant –withdrawal from budget| $217,640.18  
05/07/2010| $217,703.27| $13,904.70| Messrs Sng & Co – Legal fees for Suit
315| Signed by the defendant| $203,798.57  
02/08/2010| $203,850.06| $1,735.55| IRAS| Signed by the defendant –Mr Ng’s
expenses| $202,114.51  
24/08/2010| $202,114.51| $638.66| SP Services – utilities for the assets|
Signed by the defendant| $201,475.85  
27/08/2010| $201,475.85| $428.80| Messrs Sng & Co – Legal fees for Suit 315| Signed by the defendant | $201,047.05  
22/09/2010| $201,097.32| $17,927.85| Messrs Adept Public Accounting
Corporation for Suit 315| Signed by the defendant| $183,169.47  
08/10/2010| $183,217.36| $17,400.00| Messrs Sng & Co – Legal fees for Suit 315| Signed by the defendant | $165,817.36  
12/10/2010| $165,817.36| $14,679.32| Contribution to renovation | Signed by the defendant – part withdrawal from budget| $151,138.04  
25/10/2010| $151,138.04| $460.00| Messrs Sng & Co – Legal fees for Suit 315| Signed by the defendant | $150,678.04  
19/01/2011| $150,756.31| $75,916.50| Messrs Adept Public Accounting Corporation for Suit 315| Signed by the defendant | $74,839.81  
21/03/2011| $74,867.57| $32,100.00| Messrs Adept Public Accounting Corporation for Suit 315| Signed by the defendant | $42,767.57  
09/06/2011| Deposit of $420,000.00 (settlement sum)  
14/06/2011| $462,836.66| $68,178.90| Messrs William Poh & Louis Lim – Legal fees for Suit 315| Signed by the defendant | $394,657.76  
14/06/2011| $394,657.76| $72,681.10| Messrs Cheah Associates LLC – Legal fees
for Suit 315| Signed by the defendant| $321,976.66  
16/06/2011| $321,976.66| $3,800.00| Kwoi Heng – courtyard roof leak repair|
Signed by the defendant – part withdrawal from budget| $318,176.66  
28/06/2011| $318,176.66| $3,091.63| CASH| Cash cheque signed and drawn by the
defendant – for Mr Ng’s expenses| $315,085.03  
01/07/2011| $315,141.33| $36,358.31| Ng Teng – Reimbursement for Suit 315|
Signed by the defendant – per instruction from Nr Ng for salary in arrears and
claims| $278,873.02  
01/07/2011| $278,873.02| $26,483.31| The Defendant – Reimbursement for Suit 315| Signed by the defendant – per instruction from Mr Ng for salary in arrears | $252,299.71  
14/07/2011| $252,299.71| $623.17| AIA insurance| Signed and drawn by the
defendant– Mr Ng’s expenses| $251,676.54  
25/07/2011| $251,676.54| $1,581.30| Ng Teng – Reimbursement for Suit 315| Signed by the defendant– per Mr Ng’s instructions | $250,095.24  
26/07/2011| $250,095.24| $2,000.00| Bhudda Bummi Buddhist Centre - donation| Cash cheque signed and drawn by the defendant – per Mr Ng’s instructions | $248,095.24  
06/08/2011| $248,146.29| $1,332.00| Eden Lifestyle – Landscaping/Plants|
Signed by the defendant – part withdrawal from budget| $246,814.29  
23/11/2011| $246,933.35| $9,600.00| Onizer pools – convert pool to fish pond|
Signed by the defendant – part withdrawal from budget| $237,333.35  
29/02/2012| $237,392.77| $4,543.00| Kwoi Heng Renovation Contractor Repair Gate, Driveway | Signed by the defendant – part withdrawal from budget| $232,849.77  
23/04/2012| $232,877.26| $26,700.00| The Defendant’s reimbursements for allowance from 15-12-2009 to 06-06-2011 17.8 months @$1500 per month| Cash cheque signed and drawn by the defendant | $206,177.26  
20/07/2012| $206,225.84| $632.17| AIA insurance| Signed and drawn down by the
defendant – Mr Ng’s expenses| $205,602.67  
22/11/2012| $205,664.94| $4,880.00| Kwoi Heng Renovation Contractor Repair | Signed by the defendant– part withdrawal from budget| $200,784.94  
06/12/2012| $200,799.89| $2,000.00| Water Proofing for the Eastwood House|
Cash cheque signed by the defendant – part withdrawal from budget| $198,799.89  
26/12/2012| $198,799.89| $2,688.00| Yong Ping Renovation – Household Repair|
Cash cheque signed by the defendant – part withdrawal from budget| $196,111.89  
13/05/2013| $196,172.87| $193,172.87| The Defendant- Reimbursement for the
Plaintiff’s cash expenses| Paid and signed by the defendant| $3,000.00  
  
![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

