Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 166

Suit No 393 of 2012

Between

(1)| RICARDO LEIMAN  
---|---  
(2)| ROTHSCHILD TRUST GUERNSEY LIMITED  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| NOBLE RESOURCES LTD  
---|---  
(2)| NOBLE GROUP LIMITED  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Implied terms]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Implied terms] — [Discretionary power]

[Contract] — [Privity of contract] — [Common law]

[Damages] — [Liquidated damages or penalty]

[Employment Law] — [Employees’ duties] — [Good faith and fidelity]

[Employment Law] — [Employers’ duties]

[Tort] — [Conspiracy]

[Tort] — [Inducement of breach of contract]

[Tort] — [Unlawful interference]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Leiman, Ricardo and another

  
v

  

Noble Resources Ltd and another

[2018] SGHC 166

High Court — Suit No 393 of 2012  
George Wei J  
4–7, 12–14, 18–21, 24–28 July 2017, 3–4 August 2017; 4 November 2017

26 July 2018 Judgment reserved.

George Wei J:

Introduction

1 At the heart of this action lies a claim by the 1st plaintiff, Mr Ricardo
Leiman (“Mr Leiman”), for his entitlements under a contract of employment with
the 1st defendant, Noble Resources Ltd (“NRL”), and under which he served in
top-level executive positions at the 2nd defendant, Noble Group Limited
(“NGL”). The entitlements by and large concern shares and share options in NGL
awarded to Mr Leiman and placed into a family trust administered by the 2nd
plaintiff, Rothschild Trust Guernsey Limited (“Rothschild Trust”), as trustee.

2 Broadly, Mr Leiman asserts that his entitlements were wrongfully forfeited
or withdrawn after his resignation in end-2011. The defendants deny this
assertion and claim that they were entitled to forfeit/withdraw the
entitlements on account of various breaches of contract. These breaches
basically revolve around the assertion that Mr Leiman was not a “good leaver”
and because of non-disclosure of certain information, he was aware of relating
to events occurring before and during his years of service.

Facts

Dramatis personae

3 Mr Leiman, a Dutch national, was employed by NRL on 31 March 2006 to serve
as the Chief Operating Officer (“COO”) of NGL. On 1 January 2010, he became
the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of NGL. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions (“PCS”), para 6; affidavit of evidence-in-
chief (“AEIC”) of Mr Leiman, para 2.

The terms of his employment were contained in an employment agreement dated 6
December 2005 (“the Employment Agreement”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Agreed bundle vol 1 (“1AB”, subsequent volumes denoted “xAB”), p 307 et seq;
PCS, para 6.

In addition, Mr Leiman was appointed as an Executive Director of NGL in April
2009, a position which he retained until 1 December 2011. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AEIC of Mr Leiman, p 2973.

4 In short, over the five and half years Mr Leiman was employed at NGL, he
served three and a half years as COO followed by two years as CEO. He was also
an Executive Director for about two and a half years.

5 NRL and NGL are part of the Noble Group (which I shall generally refer to as
“Noble”), a supply chain manager of energy, gas and power products, metals and
minerals in over 140 countries. NGL is a Bermuda-incorporated company listed
on the Singapore Exchange. NRL is a principal subsidiary of NGL incorporated
in Hong Kong. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Amended statement of claim (“SOC”), paras 1–2.

6 Mr Richard Samuel Elman (“Mr Elman”) is the founder of NGL and served as its
Chairman until he took on the role of Chairman Emeritus in 2017. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PCS, paras 7 and 10; notes of evidence (“NOE”) of 3 August 2017, pp 1–2.

Mr Jeffrey Mark Alam (“Mr Alam”) is the Group General Counsel of NGL and a
director of NRL. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AEIC of Mr Alam, para 1; SOC, para 2.

7 During Mr Leiman’s employment, he was given shares and share options in NGL
as part of his remuneration, and was paid an annual discretionary bonus. The
share options were issued pursuant to rules contained in the Noble Group Share
Option Scheme 2004 (“the Share Option Rules”), whereas the shares were issued
pursuant to Noble’s Annual Incentive Plan (revised 10 September 2008) (“the
AIP”). Mr Leiman assigned most of his shares and share options to a trust
known as the Adelaide Trust. The stated purpose of the Adelaide Trust is to
benefit Mr Leiman’s family and to fund charitable ventures. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AEIC of Mr Koenig, para 2.

Rothschild Trust is the current trustee of the Adelaide Trust. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

PCS, paras 9, 11 and 12.

8 The award of benefits such as bonuses, shares and share options was
determined by NGL’s Remuneration and Options Committee (“the R&O Committee”).
At the material time, circa 2012, the R&O Committee comprised Mr Elman, Mr
Edward Walter Rubin (“Mr Rubin”) and Mr Robert Chan Tze Leung (“Mr Chan”). Mr
Rubin and Mr Chan were independent directors of NGL at the time. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

PCS, para 10.

I note that Mr Leiman had also served on the R&O Committee prior to his
resignation and would have been familiar and well-acquainted with the R&O
Committee’s procedures.

9 I further note that whilst Mr Leiman was formally employed by NRL, for all
practical purposes, his remuneration and entitlements to shares and share
options were determined by the R&O Committee of NGL.

The terms of Mr Leiman’s employment contract

10 Mr Leiman’s contract with NRL is set out in a letter dated 6 December 2005
on NRL’s letterhead and signed by Mr Elman as a director of NRL. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AEIC of Mr Leiman, p 139 et seq.

11 The letter states that the agreement “contains the whole agreement” between
Mr Leiman and NRL, and that Mr Leiman agreed to comply with Noble’s “policies
and procedures as issued and/or amended from time to time.”

12 The principal terms of the employment contract as relevant to the dispute
are, in brief terms, as follows:

(a) Clause 1: Appointment and Reporting. This provides that Mr Leiman (as COO)
would report to and be subject to the direction of Mr Elman in the latter’s
capacity as CEO.

(b) Clause 2: Remuneration. This provides for an annual salary of US$350,000,
which was subsequently increased to US$750,000 with effect from 1 April 2008.
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AEIC of Mr Leiman, p 144.

(c) Clause 3: Annual Performance Review. This provides that any salary
increase, bonus, stock option grant or promotion will “be determined at the
absolute discretion of [NRL]’s management and the frequency of such reviews
will be subject to [NRL]’s guidelines.”

(d) Clause 6: Confidential Information. This provides that Mr Leiman is not to
disclose or make accessible to any other person, without the prior written
consent of NRL, any confidential information of NRL, and related and
affiliated companies. Confidential information is defined to include trade
secrets and non-public information concerning financial data, business plans,
product and/or services development, client lists, supplier lists, marketing
plans and employee lists.

(e) Clause 7: Non-Competition Requirements. This clause contains various
prohibitions and restraints against engagement in competition. Clause 7 was to
apply during the duration of the employment and for a period of six months
post-termination. The geographical scope of cl 7 is limited to “the Asia-
Pacific and Americas Regions”. Among other things, cl 7 prohibits Mr Leiman
from competing, whether directly or indirectly, as a director, officer,
employee, independent contractor, advisor or otherwise, with the business of
NRL or a related or affiliate company which he was involved in or had
supervisory responsibility during the 12 months preceding his last day as an
employee of NRL. Clause 7 also prohibits soliciting the patronage of any
client or customer with whom Mr Leiman had personal contact or dealings on
behalf of NRL or a related or affiliate company over the 12 months preceding
his last day as an employee. A similar provision applies in respect of
prohibiting Mr Leiman from employing or soliciting senior management of NRL or
a related or affiliate company.

(f) Clause 8: Trading Policies. This clause prohibits trading in shares of
Noble without the written consent of Noble’s CEO and the Group Legal Counsel.

(g) Clause 11: Termination. This provides, inter alia, that the agreement
could be terminated on six months’ notice. It also provides that upon
resignation from NRL, Mr Leiman would not be entitled to any further
compensation, costs or damages resulting from such termination.

(h) Clause 12: Governing Law and Jurisdiction. This provides that the parties
agreed for the agreement to be governed by the laws of Hong Kong and to submit
to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Hong Kong.

Overview of Mr Leiman’s employment history

13 Given the broad range and numerous issues raised, it is convenient to set
out a brief overview of Mr Leiman’s background and his entry into Noble in
2005 before going into a more detailed discussion of the evidence.

14 Mr Leiman’s career has mostly been in what might be loosely referred to as
commodity trading in the area of agricultural and related products and
services. Previous companies he worked for include: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

8AB, p 5926; AEIC of Mr Leiman, paras 2 and 8.

(a) 1987 to 1989: Louis Dreyfus Corporation (“Louis Dreyfus”) as an export
manager;

(b) 1989 to 1991: Continental Grain Co (“Continental Grain”) as a senior
trader and import manager;

(c) 1991 to late 1999 or early 2000: Eximcoop SA (“Eximcoop”) as a senior
trader, then General Manager for Europe, and finally international General
Manager;

(d) early 2000 to 2002: Mr Leiman worked in the media industry;

(e) 2002 to 2005: Louis Dreyfus as COO for soft commodities;

(f) 2005 to 2009: NRL as COO for NGL; and

(g) 1 January 2010 to 1 December 2011: NRL as CEO of NGL.

15 It was when Mr Leiman joined Louis Dreyfus in 1987 that he first met a Mr
Ferdinando Carlier (“Mr Carlier”) and a Mr Ozeias Silva de Oliveira (“Mr
Ozeias”) (collectively, “Messrs Carlier and Ozeias”). At that time, they were
senior to Mr Leiman. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AEIC of Mr Carlier, para 5; AEIC of Mr Ozeias, para 4.

Shortly after Mr Leiman left Louis Dreyfus for Continental Grain, Messrs
Carlier and Ozeias founded Eximcoop together with several Brazilian
cooperatives. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AEIC of Mr Carlier, para 6; 8AB, p 5942.

One year later in 1991, the three were reunited when Mr Leiman joined
Eximcoop.

16 In 1998, shortly after the Asian Financial Crisis, Eximcoop ran into
financial difficulties. As a result, negotiations commenced with the Itochu
Group (“Itochu”), a potential investor from Japan. At or around the same time,
serious problems arose in respect of a contract and bill of lading involving
Continental Grain. These involved allegations of improper or irregular
discharge and delivery of cargo without proper bills of lading and or shipping
documents which could expose Eximcoop to an allegation of fraud. Whilst Mr
Leiman does not appear to be directly involved in the shipment and bills of
lading, it appears he was asked by Eximcoop to assist in resolving the
problem. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

8AB, pp 5942–5943, 5949 and 5991–5992.

17 On 2 February 1999, Itochu purchased 51% of the shares in Eximcoop. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

8AB, p 5942.

In October 1999, Eximcoop was declared insolvent and Mr Ozeias was dismissed
from Eximcoop. This was followed by the dismissal of Mr Carlier in December
1999 for mismanagement 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

10AB, p 7522; 8AB, p 5944.

I pause to note that Mr Carlier denies mismanagement and brought proceedings
in Brazil against Eximcoop for wrongful dismissal. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AEIC of Mr Carlier, para 11.

18 After their departures from Eximcoop, Messrs Carlier and Ozeias
incorporated Agricole – Agricultura, Comercio, Logistica e Exportacao Ltda
(“Agricole”), a grain trading company in Brazil. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

8AB, p 5950.

Agricole did work relating to the purchase and sale of soybeans and soymeal
for a company called Alliance Grain Inc. Agricole’s contract with Alliance
Grain Inc was subsequently terminated and its business was transferred to
Conagra, another Brazilian company, which was run at the time by a Mr Thomas
Daetwyler (“Mr Daetwyler”) and a Mr Jose Kfuri (“Mr Kfuri”). Subsequently, Mr
Daetwyler and Mr Kfuri joined Noble’s grain business in Brazil as its managing
director and trader respectively. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AEIC of Mr Carlier, para 13.

19 In brief, what followed were protracted legal proceedings between Eximcoop
and Messrs Carlier and Ozeias. Legal issues also arose in respect of Agricole.
On top of this, a legal dispute arose between Itochu and Eximcoop in
connection with the purchase of Eximcoop’s shares. Indeed, it is apparent that
various related legal proceedings ran from 2000 all the way to around 2006 and
beyond, including investigations by the Brazilian tax authorities for tax
offences. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

8AB, pp 5946–5947, 5948, 5951–5953 and 6018

20 The significance of the difficulties at Eximcoop, the Itochu litigation,
the tax investigation and so on will be examined in more detail later. The
general point is that the period from 1997 to 2000 was clearly difficult for
Messrs Carlier and Ozeias. Not only had Eximcoop run into financial problems,
there were problems with the Continental Grain dispute, the Itochu litigation
and the Brazilian tax authorities’ investigations. Whilst Mr Leiman was
included in an initial complaint for tax offences he was never convicted or
even charged with an offence. On the other hand, Mr Carlier was indicted on 23
June 2003 and convicted on 25 June 2007. Mr Carlier’s appeal against his
conviction was eventually dismissed by the Brazilian Federal Court in January
2010. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

8AB, pp 6017–6018; 10AB, p 7409.

21 Between 2000 and 2002, Mr Leiman was working outside of the commodities
trading industry. His evidence is that he did not have much contact with
Messrs Carlier and Ozeias during this time. In 2002, Mr Leiman made a
successful return to the commodities trading industry as he was appointed COO
of Louis Dreyfus. His evidence is that between 2002 and the end of 2005,
whilst he remained in touch with Messrs Carlier and Ozeias, there was little
direct contact and he was unaware of the details of the unresolved legal
problems regarding Eximcoop, Itochu and the tax investigations. I pause to
comment that whilst Mr Leiman tried to play down the closeness of his
relationship with Messrs Carlier and Ozeias, I have no doubt that they were
good friends. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

See DCS, paras 4–8.

22 These were the prevailing circumstances at the time when Mr Leiman joined
NRL to serve as COO of NGL on 6 December 2005. As will be seen (at [180]
below), at or around the time Mr Leiman joined NRL, he facilitated the
recruitment of Messrs Carlier and Ozeias into Noble Brasil SA (“Noble
Brazil”). Leaving aside the details for the moment (many of which are
disputed), Messrs Carlier and Ozeias were brought in by Mr Leiman to assist on
a specific mission Mr Leiman was undertaking for Noble, namely, the operation
of Noble’s newly-acquired sugar mill in Brazil and sugar commodity trading.
The question whether Mr Leiman concealed his relationship with Messrs Carlier
and Ozeias and their legal problems and proceedings (summarised above) is a
matter in dispute, and relates to the defendants’ assertion that Mr Leiman was
in breach of his duties to Noble by failing to make proper disclosures. The
defendants also complain that Mr Leiman recruited his friends and former
colleagues into Noble Brazil to manage and run the sugar mill business when
they did not have the necessary experience in sugar mill operations. On the
other hand, there is also a dispute as to whether Noble conducted a proper due
diligence check on Mr Leiman and Messrs Carlier and Ozeias, and whether it had
sufficient information to at least be put on notice as to Messrs Carlier and
Ozeias’s backgrounds and legal problems. I will return to address these
factual disputes later.

Mr Leiman’s resignation from NRL

23 Although the parties dispute the precise circumstances that led to Mr
Leiman’s departure from NRL, it suffices to say that in or about mid-2011,
there were disagreements between Mr Leiman and Mr Elman which resulted in the
former’s resignation at the end of October 2011. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PCS, para 15; NOE of 7 July 2017, pp 43–44; AEIC of Mr Leiman, para 19; AEIC
of Mr Elman, para 43.

In brief, according to Mr Leiman, he decided to leave NRL because he was
unhappy with Mr Elman’s interference with the performance of his duties as
CEO. Mr Leiman also alleged that he was “increasingly concerned with Noble’s
intention to adopt questionable accounting practices and how [Mr Elman] was
prepared to compromise on proper corporate governance in dealing with Noble’s
disclosure obligations.” 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AEIC of Mr Leiman, para 21.

24 On the other hand, according to the defendants and Mr Elman, they had
“serious concerns about [Mr Leiman’s] integrity and suitability to continue as
CEO of Noble”. They allege that Mr Leiman had: (a) given instructions to fire
the entire board of a Noble subsidiary, Gloucester Coal Ltd, but later
irreverently and flatly denied doing so; (b) represented to other senior staff
of Noble that he had the approval of the board to conduct certain trades in
sugar and cadmium when he did not; 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AEIC of Mr Elman, paras 41–56.

and (c) failed to observe Noble’s internal protocols before approving
amendments that were made to the agreement concerning the purchase of two
sugar mills in 2011. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AEIC of Mr Alam, para 17.

25 In any case, plans for Mr Leiman’s exit from Noble started to take shape
around late 2011. After Mr Leiman informed Mr Elman of his intention to
resign, there were discussions on the arrangements for his departure,
including the matter of Mr Leiman’s entitlements. According to Mr Leiman, Mr
Elman assured him that his entitlements would be honoured, and this was
followed by a similar assurance from Mr Rubin around 10 to 11 November 2011.
28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AEIC of Mr Leiman, para 23; SOC, paras 13–14.

The entitlements concern the shares and share options that had been awarded to
Mr Leiman under the Share Option Scheme and the AIP over the past years and
which (by and large) he had assigned/transferred to the Adelaide Trust. As
will be seen, the number of shares and share options is substantial. The
defendants do not agree that any such assurances or representations were
provided or made to Mr Leiman.

26 What is not in dispute is that Mr Leiman and Mr Alam negotiated and
exchanged drafts of a settlement agreement (“the Settlement Agreement”) and an
advisory agreement (“the Advisory Agreement”) over e-mail. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

3AB, p 2256 et seq; p 2336.

On 9 November 2011, Mr Leiman and NRL entered into the Settlement Agreement
and the Advisory Agreement, which were to take effect on 1 December 2011. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AEIC of Mr Leiman, pp 276–282.

The Settlement Agreement

27 The Settlement Agreement contains the terms of Mr Leiman’s resignation from
NRL and his severance benefits. Its preamble specifically states that NRL and
Mr Leiman agreed that the employment would cease on 1 December 2011 (the
effective date). Leaving aside for the moment Mr Leiman’s severance payments
and benefits, some of the key provisions in the Settlement Agreement are, in
brief, as follows: 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

4AB, p 2340 et seq.

(a) As of the effective date, Mr Leiman resigned from all his positions as an
officer or board member of any subsidiaries or affiliates of Noble.

(b) Mr Leiman was not required to report for work at Noble’s headquarters
after the effective date.

(c) NRL would continue to pay Mr Leiman his base salary through the effective
date and for six months thereafter as “notice period payments”.

(d) The duration of the non-competition clause of the Employment Agreement was
amended such that Mr Leiman would be restricted from competing with NRL as
long as the Advisory Agreement remained in force, or for nine months from the
effective date, whichever is longer.

(e) The Settlement Agreement set forth the entire agreement of NRL and Mr
Leiman and superseded the Employment Agreement in its entirety except as
specifically provided.

(f) The governing law was Singapore law and both parties agreed to submit to
the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore courts.

28 Clauses 3(c) to (e) of the Settlement Agreement relate to his shareholding
and his bonus for 2011 (“the 2011 Bonus”), and they read as follows: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

4AB, pp 2340–2341.

(c) [Mr Leiman] shall be entitled to exercise the outstanding 7,727,272
options he holds in the Noble Group Limited Share Option Schedule 2004 vesting
on 2nd April 2012 as well as all options vested to date but unexercised, in
each case provided he does so exercise on or prior to 2nd April 2013 and
provided that prior to exercise he has not acted in any way to the detriment
of Noble and the [R&O Committee] shall make a final determination in the event
of any dispute.

(d) [Mr Leiman] holds 17,276,013 restricted shares of Noble Group (the
“Restricted Stock”). The Restricted Stock and all accrued dividends shall vest
and become free of transfer restrictions in accordance with its term of grant
provided [Mr Leiman] does not act in any way to the detriment of Noble and the
[R&O Committee] shall make a final determination in the event of any dispute.

(e) [Mr Leiman] shall be entitled to be considered for a 2011 discretionary
bonus by the Company which (if any) will be payable in April 2012.

[emphasis added]

The Advisory Agreement

29 Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, Mr Leiman became an advisor of NRL and
was to be paid a retainer fee of US$350,000 per year for his advisory services
relating to commodities supply chain management. The preamble to the Advisory
Agreement states that Mr Leiman “wishes to perform advisory services for
[NRL]” and makes express reference to NRL’s desire to benefit from Mr Leiman’s
extensive experience in commodities supply chain management. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

4AB, p 2344 et seq.

30 I observe that even though Noble was parting company with Mr Leiman, Mr
Elman and NRL evidently still valued Mr Leiman’s knowledge, experience and
ability in commodities supply chain management. I note the annual retainer fee
was the same as the salary provided for in Mr Leiman’s original employment
contract of 2005 (see [12(b)] above). Furthermore, under the Settlement
Agreement, Mr Leiman was to be paid for six months at the same rate as he was
under the Employment Agreement (see [27(c)] above).

31 The term of the Advisory Agreement was set at a minimum of nine months,
renewable on mutual agreement. The Advisory Agreement contained another non-
competition clause under which Mr Leiman represented that he did “not have any
agreement to provide [advisory services] to any other party, firm, or company
and [would] not enter into any such agreement during the term of [the Advisory
Agreement].”

32 NGL publicly announced Mr Leiman’s resignation on 9 November 2011. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AEIC of Mr Leiman, para 8 and p 312; 4AB, pp 2338 and 2348.

As of 1 December 2011, Mr Leiman ceased to be CEO of NGL and thereafter was no
longer involved in meetings of the R&O Committee. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

AEIC of Mr Leiman, paras 2 and 8.

The request to exercise the share options

33 On 21 December 2011, Mr Peter Stephan Koenig (“Mr Koenig”), the Senior
Trust Manager of Rothschild Trust (Switzerland) Ltd (which is a company
related to Rothschild Trust), informed NGL of Mr Leiman’s intention to use a
cashless facility to exercise his share options in NGL. Mr Alam subsequently
replied by e-mail stating that as a significant employee shareholder, Mr
Leiman should be instructed not to sell his shares or use the cashless
facility. Further e-mail correspondence between Mr Alam, Mr Koenig and Mr
Leiman ensued, in which Mr Alam continued to deny Rothschild Trust’s attempt
to exercise the share options. Finally, in response to a query from Mr Leiman
regarding the basis and duration of the trading ban, Mr Alam stated in an
e-mail on 1 February 2012 that the trading ban would be lifted on 28 February
2012, and that Mr Leiman would be given approval to sell up to five million
shares at that time. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AEIC of Mr Leiman, paras 47–49 and 51–52; RL-70, RL-73, RL-74 and RL-75.

The engagement of the PI

34 In the meantime, unbeknownst to Mr Leiman, Noble had hired a private
investigator (“the PI”) to keep watch on his activities, in order to find out
whether Mr Leiman was attempting to set up a business that would compete with
Noble. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AEIC of Mr Alam, paras 94–96.

The PI’s reports to Noble revealed that Mr Leiman met up with a number of
current and former Noble employees between late 2011 and early 2012, including
Mr Elliott Spitz (“Mr Spitz”) who was an advisor to Noble at the time, and Mr
Kenneth Courtis (“Mr Courtis”) who was a former director of NGL. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AEIC of Mr Elman, para 98.

35 The PI also found e-mail printouts in Mr Leiman’s garbage bin outside his
home in England. These e-mails indicated that Mr Leiman was in discussions
with Mr Alexander Vinokurov (“Mr Vinokurov”), the President and CEO of a
company named Summa Capital. Summa Capital is part of the Summa Group, which
was one of Noble’s business and strategic partners. In an e-mail from Mr
Leiman dated 16 February 2012 titled “BTG”, he told Mr Vinokurov that he had
spent two days in Brazil with the CEO and partners of BTG Pactual, a Brazilian
financial investment management company. The e-mail added: 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

5AB, p 3443; AEIC of Mr Alam, paras 119–122.

They [BTG Pactual] have a strong presence in Brazil in all aspects of
finance,as well ownership of some agri firms(Argentina, Brazil, etc) and a
power platform there. They are expanding the franchise quickly into Lat Am,
having now a foothold in Chile, etc

They really like the project and the business plan, and are ready to move
quickly… They have been trying to get into commodities for 10 years but never
found the right avenue. They think this is the right opportunity for them.

They would like to do the project all by themselves, but I am convincing them
that to have a large strategic as you and perhaps 2 small ones would
accelerate and strengthen the platform to build a truly global firm.

BTG wish to move fast, and I spoke about your firm as a great potential
partner to build this into the new Glencore...

I note that Noble places much emphasis on the part of the e-mail where Mr
Leiman mentions the possibility of building BTG Pactual “into the new
Glencore”. Glencore plc (“Glencore”) is said to be one of the largest
commodities trading companies in the world. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

AEIC of Mr Elman, para 86.

The engagement of Wolfe Associates (2012)

36 In early February 2012, Mr Alam, on behalf of Noble, engaged Wolfe
Associates to conduct an investigation into Mr Leiman. Wolfe Associates is a
boutique consulting firm which is helmed by Mr Barry Wolfe (“Mr Wolfe”) and
specialises in, among other things, uncovering corporate crime through
investigative work. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AEIC of Mr Wolfe, paras 6, 7 and 9.

37 This was not the first time that Noble had engaged Wolfe Associates.
Previously in 2008, Wolfe Associates had prepared a confidential memorandum
(“the 2008 Wolfe Memo”) for Noble in relation to certain investigations it had
conducted in Brazil which I will discuss later. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AEIC of Mr Alam, para 100.

For now, it is sufficient to note that the 2008 Wolfe Memo was prepared
shortly after Mr Leiman was employed by NRL. It concerned the relationship
between Mr Leiman and Messrs Carlier and Ozeias and the possibility of
impropriety in respect of certain matters at or concerning Continental Grain
and Eximcoop. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

1AB, pp 631–633.

Whilst the 2008 Wolfe Memo raised some red flags, it does not appear that any
action was taken by NRL at the time the memorandum was produced.

38 The engagement of Wolfe Associates in 2012 was for the purpose of
conducting a further enquiry into certain matters contained in the 2008 Wolfe
Memo concerning Mr Leiman’s relationship and dealings with Messrs Carlier and
Ozeias. It is apparent that the ultimate purpose of the further investigation
into these matters was to ascertain whether there were any breaches of duty
owed to NRL by Mr Leiman in respect of these matters. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

8AB, p 5941.

39 Wolfe Associates submitted a preliminary report to Mr Alam on 23 February
2012 and an updated draft on 26 March 2012. The report continued to be amended
until the final version was later submitted in April 2014. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AEIC of Mr Wolfe, paras 11–15.

I will generally refer to this report along with its draft versions as “the
2012 Wolfe Report”. It is a lengthy report. It will suffice to summarise some
of the key points here:

(a) The 2012 Wolfe Report mentions at the outset that Wolfe Associates was
“instructed to investigate whether there exists evidence that [Mr Leiman]
acted to the detriment of Noble and/or in breach of his fiduciary duty,
specifically in relation to the employment of [Messrs Carlier and Ozeias] by
Noble and the relationship between [Mr Leiman], on the one hand, and [Messrs
Carlier and Ozeias], on the other hand, while employed by Noble.” 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

8AB, p 5941.

(b) In a nutshell, the 2012 Wolfe Report states that Messrs Carlier and Ozeias
had fraudulently mismanaged Eximcoop and fraudulently misrepresented its
financial situation to Itochu so as to induce it to acquire Eximcoop in 1998,
and that Mr Leiman had knowingly participated in these schemes. Messrs Carlier
and Ozeias were also involved in a separate case of fraud, conspiracy and
racketeering arising from their business in Agricole. The findings of the 2012
Wolfe Report were based on the Brazilian court files for the numerous legal
proceedings that arose out of the Eximcoop and Agricole affairs. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

8AB, pp 5942, 5944, 5950 and 5953.

Further, a criminal complaint was made to the Brazilian prosecution in 2000
requesting investigation on a number of persons including Mr Leiman and Messrs
Carlier and Ozeias for tax evasion and money laundering. Mr Carlier was
formally indicted in 2003 for not declaring funds he had received abroad, and
was later convicted in 2007. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

8AB, pp 5946 and 6017–6018.

(c) The 2012 Wolfe Report noted that despite Mr Leiman’s knowledge of these
matters – and in respect of the Eximcoop matters, his participation – he
instructed Noble’s hiring of Messrs Carlier and Ozeias and made them
responsible for running Noble’s newly acquired sugar mill notwithstanding
their lack of knowledge and experience in the field. The report found that Mr
Leiman had made misrepresentations to Mr Elman to the effect that Messrs
Carlier and Ozeias were experienced, knowledgeable, competent and trustworthy,
and that the allegations made by Itochu against them were false, just so that
they could be hired by Noble to run the sugar mill. The matters surrounding
the subsequent “management failures” of this sugar mill and the considerable
losses it caused to Noble were mentioned in the 2008 Wolfe Memo, as noted at
[37] above. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

8AB, pp 5954–5955.

The decision by the R&O Committee to refuse the request to exercise the share
options and to sell the shares

40 On 28 February 2012, the date on which Mr Leiman expected the trading ban
on his shares to be lifted according to Mr Alam’s earlier representations (see
[33] above), Mr Alam instead sent Mr Leiman an e-mail stating that Mr Leiman
was not entitled to use the cashless facility to exercise and sell his share
options. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

AEIC of Mr Leiman, p 450.

The next day, Mr Koenig sent NGL an e-mail stating that Rothschild Trust would
proceed with the exercise of five million share options without using the
cashless facility, and transfer the price of $3.4m to NGL accordingly.

41 Shortly afterwards on that same day, Mr Alam e-mailed the R&O Committee
stating that NGL had received Mr Leiman’s notice to exercise his five million
share options. Apart from the notice, Mr Alam’s e-mail also enclosed several
documents which he described as “rather disturbing information and
documentation” which Mr Elman had asked him to share with the R&O Committee,
namely: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

5AB, p 3569 et seq.

(a) the existing draft of the 2012 Wolfe Report, which Mr Alam’s e-mail
described as “a report from Brazil containing information that [Mr Leiman]
introduced inexperienced and unsuitable management into [Noble’s] top sugar
mills’ positions because he was in some murky way beholden to them, and
perhaps even in collusion with them, and he did not disclose to [Noble] that
[they] had criminal convictions and had been sued in the same case as himself
by a former employer”; and

(b) copies of Mr Leiman’s e-mails with Summa Capital which the PI had
retrieved from Mr Leiman’s garbage, which Mr Alam’s e-mail described as
“concern[ing] [Mr Leiman’s] current activities in building a new ‘Glencore’
(as he calls it); clearly a business to compete with Noble”.

42 The R&O Committee convened on 1 March 2012. Committee members Mr Elman, Mr
Rubin and Mr Chan were all present, as well as Mr Alam and Noble’s Director of
Human Resources, Ms Leila Konyn (“Ms Konyn”), who were invited to attend. The
existing draft of the 2012 Wolfe Report and copies of Mr Leiman’s e-mails with
Summa Capital were tabled before the R&O Committee. The R&O Committee
unanimously resolved to refuse to approve Mr Leiman’s/Rothschild Trust’s
exercise of the share options. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

5AB, p 3582.

43 Following the meeting, Mr Alam proceeded to convey the decision of the R&O
Committee to Mr Koenig via e-mail. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AEIC of Mr Leiman, p 464.

Representatives of Rothschild Trust replied by letter on 7 March 2012, stating
that the five million share options had vested and there were no grounds upon
which the R&O Committee could refuse the request to exercise the share
options. The letter requested that the R&O Committee furnish Rothschild Trust
with written grounds for its refusal.

44 On 12 March 2012, Mr Alam e-mailed Mr Koenig to inform him that the R&O
Committee would reconvene to review its decision. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AEIC of Mr Leiman, pp 468–469.

In the interim, Rothschild Trust was given the green light to sell the
remaining 900,589 NGL shares held in the Adelaide Trust. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

5AB, pp 3654–3657.

45 The R&O Committee affirmed its decision on 27 March 2012. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

6AB, pp 3924–3925.

In a letter to Rothschild Trust, Mr Alam explained that the right to exercise
the share options (which was conferred in the Settlement Agreement) was
conditional on Mr Leiman not “acting in any way to the detriment of Noble
prior to exercise”, and that the R&O Committee considered that this condition
had not been satisfied. Mr Alam’s letter also referred to the following:

(a) Mr Leiman’s actions in approaching clients, counterparties, advisors and
Noble employees and former employees with a view to setting up a competitor to
Noble; and

(b) Without naming Messrs Carlier and Ozeias specifically, that Mr Leiman had
appointed certain persons to run Noble’s sugar mills from 2006 despite their
participation in “fraudulent conduct at a previous employer” and lack of
expertise in the sugar and ethanol business. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

AEIC of Mr Leiman, pp 483–484.

Entitlements in dispute and the events following the R&O Committee’s decision

46 On 3 April 2012, Mr Koenig e-mailed Mr Alam requesting a status update
regarding 11,098,782 NGL shares and 7,727,272 share options which were held in
the Adelaide Trust and which had recently vested on 31 March 2012 and 2 April
2012 respectively. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

6AB, p 4007.

Mr Alam replied by way of a letter dated 10 April 2012 stating that the
vesting of these shares and share options were subject to the same conditions
as the exercise of the other five million share options, thus Mr Leiman was
not entitled to them in view of the fact that he had acted to the detriment of
Noble. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AEIC of Mr Leiman, p 497.

In other words, the R&O Committee’s decision was to cover these newly-vested
shares and share options as well. On 26 April 2012, Mr Alam sent a letter to
Rothschild Trust further clarifying that the R&O Committee’s decision also
applied to another lot of 5,652,421 shares that had previously been awarded to
Mr Leiman. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

6AB, p 4067.

47 To summarise, the NGL share options that are the subject of this action
(“the Share Options”) are set out in the following table. All of these options
are held in the Adelaide Trust.

Number of share options| Date of grant| Date on which share options were to
have vested  
---|---|---  
3,709,094| 19 March 2007| 22 December 2007  
5,563,636| 22 December 2008  
5,563,636| 22 December 2009  
18,545,454| 22 December 2010  
3,709,090| 18 July 2008| 22 December 2010  
7,727,272| 2 April 2009| 2 April 2012  
  
48 The NGL shares that are the subject of this action (“the Shares”) are as
follows: 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

SOC, para 8; PCS, para 74.

Number of shares| Date of award| Date on which trading restrictions were to
have been lifted  
---|---|---  
11,098,782| 31 March 2009| 31 March 2012  
1,544,307| 15 April 2010| 15 April 2012  
4,632,924| 15 April 2013  
1,413,105| 4 May 2011| 1 April 2013  
4,239,316| 1 April 2014  
  
Out of these shares, only the shares awarded on 4 May 2011 (totalling
5,652,421 shares) are held by Mr Leiman himself, while the remaining shares
are held in the Adelaide Trust.

49 In response to an earlier enquiry from Mr Leiman about the payment of the
2011 Bonus, Mr Alam e-mailed Mr Leiman on 3 May 2012 stating that the R&O
Committee had decided that no discretionary bonus was to be awarded to Mr
Leiman for 2011. Mr Leiman responded on 8 May 2012 asking Mr Alam to check
with Mr Elman, as they “had an understanding that [Mr Leiman] would be
receiving such a bonus”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

AEIC of Mr Leiman, pp 506–507.

Mr Leiman was ultimately not given the 2011 Bonus.

50 The nine-month term provided in the Advisory Agreement expired on 1 August
2012. Following that, Mr Leiman became a consultant at a Brazilian investment
bank, BTG Pactual, in October 2012, and joined BTG Pactual as a partner in
March 2013. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

AEIC of Mr Leiman, paras 99, 157 and 158.

Commencement of the present action

51 Mr Leiman commenced the present action against NRL on 11 May 2012, and
Rothschild Trust and NGL were later added as the 2nd plaintiff and the 2nd
defendant respectively. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

SOC, generally.

The plaintiffs seek the following relief: 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

SOC, pp 31–32.

(a) a declaration that the R&O Committee’s decisions pertaining to Mr Leiman’s
benefits are invalid, and consequent thereto, that:

(i) the plaintiffs are entitled to exercise the Share Options and/or sell the
Shares;

(ii) the plaintiffs are entitled to be paid the dividends accruing from the
Shares; and

(iii) Mr Leiman is entitled to be considered for and be paid the 2011 Bonus;

(b) a declaration that NRL is in breach of the Settlement Agreement, and
consequent thereto, for an order that the defendants shall forthwith take all
necessary action to remedy such breaches; and

(c) further or in the alternative, damages:

(i) against both defendants, for conspiracy;

(ii) against NGL, for inducing NRL’s breach of contract and/or unlawfully
interfering with NRL’s performance of the Settlement Agreement; and

(iii) against NGL, for causing loss to the Adelaide Trust by unlawful means.

52 NRL counterclaims the following relief: 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Amended defence and counterclaim (“DCC”), p 51 and paras 25.2 and 26.

(a) an account and repayment by Mr Leiman of all amounts that he received from
NRL under the Settlement Agreement and the Advisory Agreement; and

(b) further or in the alternative, damages for Mr Leiman’s breaches of
fiduciary and contractual duties.

53 Although the defendants initially pleaded that the Settlement Agreement and
the Advisory Agreement are void for fraudulent misrepresentation and/or
mistake, they are no longer pursuing this plea. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defendants’ closing submissions (“DCS”), para 46; PCS, paras 82–83.

The counterclaim also includes other prayers, namely: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

DCC, paras 25.2 and 26.

(a) a declaration that the plaintiffs are not entitled to the Share Options,
the Shares and the dividends;

(b) an account and repayment of all profits the plaintiffs made from the sale
of NGL shares Mr Leiman had been given; and

(c) an account and repayment of all salary, bonus and other payments he
received from NRL from the date of his breaches of fiduciary and contractual
duties.

However, the defendants state in their closing submissions that they are no
longer pursuing these prayers; they only seek the relief listed at [52] above.
69

##### Foot Note 69

×

DCS, para 399.

54 I heard the trial over 18 days in July and August 2017. The plaintiffs
called five witnesses, namely, Mr Leiman, Mr Koenig, Mr Courtis, Mr Carlier
and Mr Ozeias. The defendants called six witnesses, namely, Mr Elman, Mr
Rubin, Mr Chan, Mr Alam, Mr Wolfe and the PI, Mr Russell Bradley. I simply
note for now that much was said by the defendants about the veracity of the
testimony given by Mr Leiman and the other witnesses for the plaintiffs, and I
will go into my findings regarding the witnesses’ evidence in greater detail
below when discussing the relevant issues in which these points arise.

The plaintiffs’ case

Failure to reach a final decision

55 The plaintiffs’ case is advanced on several fronts. As a start, they take
the position that the decisions of the R&O Committee relating to Mr Leiman’s
entitlement to his benefits did not amount to a final determination under the
Settlement Agreement as they were expressed to have been made “pending …
investigations.” For this reason, the plaintiffs submit that the Court is
entitled to decide whether Mr Leiman had in fact acted to Noble’s detriment.
70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PCS, paras 82–87.

R&O Committee’s decisions invalid for being arbitrary and in bad faith

56 The plaintiffs further submit the R&O Committee’s decisions are in any case
invalid as they were made arbitrarily and in bad faith. They argue that the
R&O Committee was not entitled to rely on past misconduct to establish that Mr
Leiman had acted to Noble’s detriment for the purposes of cll 3(c) and (d) of
the Settlement Agreement, nor was it the parties’ intention for the Settlement
Agreement to cover conduct relating to competition that would not amount to a
breach of the express non-competition clauses. Further, they contend that the
defendants have not shown what detriment they suffered as a result of Mr
Leiman’s alleged acts. The R&O Committee’s decisions are therefore invalid
according to the plaintiffs. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PCS, paras 87–90 and 173.

Failure to consider the 2011 Bonus

57 As for the 2011 Bonus, the plaintiffs argue that this issue had not even
been considered by the R&O Committee. In short, the failure by the R&O
committee to consider Mr Leiman for the 2011 Bonus was a breach of the
defendants’ obligations in and of itself. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PCS, paras 87–90 and 173.

Scope of the Settlement Agreement

58 According to the plaintiffs, even though the Settlement Agreement only
expressly mentioned 17,276,013 of the Shares awarded to Mr Leiman, the true
intention was for the Settlement Agreement to cover all of the Shares that had
been awarded to Mr Leiman, which included the 5,652,421 shares awarded on 4
May 2011 and which were still held by Mr Leiman (and not yet transferred to
the Adelaide Trust). On this basis, the total number of shares that the
Settlement Agreement was actually intended to cover was 22,928,434. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

PCS, para 109.

59 In the alternative, they argue that Mr Leiman is entitled to the remaining
5,652,421 of the Shares (plus the accruing dividends) under the terms of the
AIP. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

PCS, paras 119–122.

60 The plaintiffs further contend that NRL is not entitled under cl 3(c) of
the Settlement Agreement (ie, on the ground that Mr Leiman had acted to the
detriment of Noble) to forfeit 37,090,910 of the Share Options which had
already vested prior to the R&O Committee’s decisions, as this would amount to
a penalty under the contract. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

PCS, paras 25(e) and 86.

Conspiracy and economic torts

61 Finally, the plaintiffs advance claims based on the economic torts of
conspiracy, wrongful inducement of breach of contract, and unlawful
interference/causing loss by unlawful means. The heart of their case is that
the defendants took active steps to procure an indefensible decision by the
R&O Committee to deprive the plaintiffs of the Shares and Share Options. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PCS, para 91.

The defendants’ case

Arguments in defence

62 In response, the defendants first argue that the plaintiffs have no cause
of action for the following reasons: (a) first, because Rothschild Trust is
not a party to the Settlement Agreement, and Mr Leiman had already assigned
his Shares and Share Options to Rothschild Trust; (b) second, because the
plaintiffs have not pleaded that the R&O Committee is an agent of either NRL
or NGL; and (c) third, because there is no basis upon which the R&O
Committee’s decisions may be challenged. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

DCS, paras 258–281 and 393–398; defendants’ reply submissions (“DRS”), paras
293–294.

63 Moreover, the defendants argue that Mr Leiman did in fact breach his
ongoing non-compete and confidentiality obligations, as well as his fiduciary
and contractual duties by soliciting Noble employees, competing with Noble and
hiring Messrs Carlier and Ozeias to run Noble’s sugar mill. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

DCS, pp 2–3 and para 143.

The R&O Committee’s decisions were therefore not made arbitrarily or in bad
faith, even if they could be challenged.

64 The defendants’ position with regard to the alleged conspiracy, unlawful
inducement of breach of contract, unlawful interference and loss by unlawful
means is that these claims are plainly unsustainable. The defendants contend
that these pleaded claims are devoid of particulars, were not put to the
witnesses and lack any evidential or logical basis. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DCS, pp 4–5 and paras 365–371.

Arguments in counterclaim

65 Finally, with regard to the counterclaim for an account and repayment of
all sums and benefits received by Mr Leiman under the Advisory Agreement and
the Settlement Agreement, the defendants’ case is that Mr Leiman breached the
implied condition and/or warranty in these agreements that he had complied
with his duties under the Employment Agreement.

66 To this end, the defendants again rely on Mr Leiman’s alleged acts in
having wrongfully solicited Noble employees, misused Noble’s confidential
information and engaged in competition with Noble. They further argue that Mr
Leiman breached his fiduciary duty to act in good faith and in the best
interests of Noble by hiring Messrs Carlier and Ozeias. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

DCS, paras 402–403.

The plaintiffs deny all of these breaches. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PCS, pp 242–249 generally.

Issues to be determined

67 Given the considerable number of issues which have been raised, it will be
convenient to approach them by segmenting them into groups.

68 The first consists of the threshold questions raised in light of the
defendants’ arguments which are set out at [62] above:

(a) Do the plaintiffs have the requisite locus standi to commence this action,
in view of the fact that Rothschild Trust is not a party to the Settlement
Agreement or the Advisory Agreement, and that Mr Leiman had already assigned
his Shares and Share Options to Rothschild Trust?

(b) Do the plaintiffs have a valid cause of action in view of the plaintiffs’
omission to plead that the R&O Committee is an agent of either NRL or NGL?

69 The second issue stands on its own: do the decisions of the R&O Committee
amount to a final determination under the Settlement Agreement?

70 The third set of issues concerns whether the R&O Committee’s decisions are
invalid, and on what basis such a finding might be made. This involves a large
number of sub-issues including the interpretation of the relevant contractual
terms in the Settlement Agreement, as well as an examination of the underlying
findings of the R&O Committee that Mr Leiman had acted to Noble’s detriment
within the meaning of cll 3(c) and (d) of the Settlement Agreement by
reference to his alleged acts of solicitation, competition, misuse of
confidential information and other breaches of fiduciary and contractual
duties.

71 The next question flows from the previous set of issues: is NRL entitled
under cl 3(c) of the Settlement Agreement (ie, on the ground that Mr Leiman
had acted to the detriment of Noble) to forfeit the 37,090,910 of the Share
Options which had already vested prior to the R&O Committee’s decisions, or
does this amount to a contractual penalty?

72 The fifth group of issues concerns the remaining 5,652,421 of the Shares
which were not expressly mentioned in the Settlement Agreement.

(a) Are these 5,652,421 shares covered by the Settlement Agreement, such that
they should be treated in the same way as the rest of the Shares which were
expressly mentioned?

(b) If not, is Mr Leiman entitled to these 5,652,421 shares under the terms of
the AIP?

73 The sixth issue relates to the question of whether Mr Leiman is entitled to
the 2011 Bonus or to bring a claim for the alleged failure by the R&O
Committee to even consider him for a bonus in 2011.

74 The seventh issue relates to whether the plaintiffs’ claims in conspiracy,
wrongful inducement of breach of contract and unlawful interference are
sustainable and made out in fact and in law.

75 The last group of issues concerns the defendants’ counterclaim. These
questions must be considered while keeping in mind the Court’s findings in
relation to the earlier issues (notably, Mr Leiman’s alleged breaches of
contractual and fiduciary duties).

(a) Was there an implied condition or warranty in the Advisory Agreement and
the Settlement Agreement that Mr Leiman had to have complied with his duties
under the Employment Agreement?

(b) If so, was this implied condition or warranty satisfied by Mr Leiman?

Preliminary issues

76 The defendants raise two preliminary objections. First, they contend that
Mr Leiman does not have the requisite standing to bring this action, because
he assigned the Shares and the Share Options to Rothschild Trust. Rothschild
Trust is not, however, a party to the Settlement Agreement or the Advisory
Agreement. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Defendants’ Opening Statement (27 June 2017) at [16].

Second, they contend that the plaintiffs have no cause of action against
either of the defendants, because the thrust of the plaintiffs’ complaint is
that they have suffered loss on account of the R&O Committee’s decisions; yet,
the plaintiffs never pleaded that the R&O Committee was acting as an agent of
either defendant.

Whether the plaintiffs have locus standi

77 I note at the outset that the question of locus standi is not new. NRL had
applied, unsuccessfully, to strike out Mr Leiman’s claim on the grounds that
the proper parties, which it said were NGL and Rothschild Trust, were not
before the court. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

High Court Summons No 2704 of 2012.

NRL’s appeal was dismissed on 17 September 2012. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

High Court Registrar’s Appeal No 346 of 2012.

This was before Rothschild Trust and NGL were added as parties to the
proceedings on 20 October 2014. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

SOC, p 1.

78 The defendants now take the position that Rothschild Trust, as a non-party
to the Settlement Agreement and the Advisory Agreement, has no right to sue on
these agreements. Further, whilst Mr Leiman is a party to both agreements, it
is said that he is disentitled from claiming in respect of the Shares and the
Share Options because these have been transferred to Rothschild Trust. In
short, the defendants’ objection is that Mr Leiman does not have property
rights in the Shares or the Share Options and any loss that arises accrues
only to the Adelaide Trust.

79 The somewhat “odd” consequence of the defendants’ argument is that it
effectively means no one apart from NRL can sue on the Settlement Agreement
and the Advisory Agreement. Respectfully, I am unable to agree with the
defendants’ locus standi objection.

80 There is no doubt that the issue as to when a claimant has sufficient
standing to sue and recover substantial damages in respect of a third party’s
property has long been a vexed issue in the common law. From privity of
contract through to agency, trust, bailment, causation of pure economic loss
and tort, the common law has strived to find the appropriate balance between
the interests and rights of the claimant, the defendant and the third party.

81 One approach has been to address the issue from the perspective of what
constitutes “substantial loss” in the context of a breach of contract. In
Family Food Court (a firm) v Seah Boon Lock and another (trading as Boon Lock
Duck and Noodle House) [2008] 4 SLR(R) 272 (“Family Food Court”), the Court of
Appeal stated at [31] (albeit by way of obiter dicta) that there are two
exceptions to the general rule that a plaintiff cannot ordinarily recover
substantial damages for a breach of contract where he has suffered no loss
(for instance, where the substantial loss was instead suffered by the third
party who was the intended beneficiary of the contract). These exceptions can
be referred to as the “narrow ground” and the “broad ground”. They are
exceptions which give effect to the reality that sometimes, where the promisor
contracts to render a contractual performance that would benefit a third party
to the contract, the promisee can also suffer substantial losses of his own,
and should therefore be entitled to recover substantial damages: see The Law
of Contract in Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing,
2012) (“The Law of Contract”) at para 15.093. It should further be noted that
both grounds are conceptually distinct and inconsistent with each other such
that it is not possible to apply both grounds simultaneously: Family Food
Court at [56].

82 The narrow ground allows a plaintiff to recover substantial damages on
behalf of a third party, and it is applicable where the contracting parties
have contemplated that the proprietary interest in the contractual subject
matter may be transferred from the plaintiff to the third party after the
contract had been entered into and before the defendant’s breach occurs. The
narrow ground, however, is only applicable where the third party has no
contractual remedy against the contractual promisor. The availability of an
action in tort does not, however, have the effect of rendering the narrow
ground inapplicable: Family Food Court at [47].

83 The broad ground, in contrast, allows the plaintiff to recover substantial
damages for breach of contract in respect of his own loss, on the basis that
the plaintiff has an interest in the performance of the contract: Family Food
Court at [31]. The broad ground, however, is subject to an overriding
objective test of reasonableness as to the performance interest claimed. This
serves the purpose of curbing what would otherwise be an unjustified windfall
and to limit the broad ground to cases where the performance interest is
genuine: Family Food Court at [53].

84 In the present case, it appears that the narrow ground is inapplicable. At
the time when the Settlement Agreement was entered into by Mr Leiman, the
parties knew that the Adelaide Trust had been set up by Mr Leiman. The parties
knew that Mr Leiman’s contractual entitlements to the Shares and the Share
Options had by and large been assigned to the trust. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NOE of 26 July 2017, p 105; see also PCS, para 11.

The identity of the trustee was known. This is not a case where the
contracting parties contemplated that the proprietary interest in the
contractual subject matter may be transferred from the plaintiff to the third
party after the contract was entered into and before the breach occurred.

85 Instead, this is a case in which the broad ground applies. The fact that Mr
Leiman had assigned his shares and share options to Rothschild Trust does not
detract from the fact that this dispute is about Mr Leiman’s claim that he has
not received the bargain he had contracted for under the Settlement Agreement.

86 It is clear that NRL was aware at all material times that the Share Options
and the bulk of the Shares had been assigned to Rothschild Trust, and that the
parties had intended all along that these Share Options and Shares would be
covered under the Settlement Agreement between Mr Leiman and NRL. Thus, when
Mr Alam first informed Mr Koenig of a trading ban on 21 December 2011 (see
[33] above), it was not on the basis of anything to do with Rothschild Trust,
but on the basis of Mr Leiman being a significant employee shareholder.
Moreover, when Mr Koenig sent the 29 February 2012 e-mail stating that
Rothschild Trust would exercise the five million share options without using
the cashless facility, it is telling that Mr Alam’s almost immediate reaction
was to inform the R&O Committee that NGL had received Mr Leiman’s notice to
exercise his five million share options. It is not surprising then, that in
his testimony, Mr Alam admitted that if Mr Leiman had not acted to Noble’s
detriment, Rothschild Trust would have been allowed to exercise those options.
87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NOE of 24 July 2017, p 16.

87 There is also no doubt that Mr Leiman’s interest in Rothschild Trust’s
exercise of the Share Options arises directly from his own interest in having
the Settlement Agreement performed. Mr Leiman’s performance interest is
reasonable and genuine. He was the settlor of the Adelaide Trust. The assets
of the trust were intended to comprise Mr Leiman’s entitlements under Noble’s
2004 Share Option Scheme and the AIP. It follows that Mr Leiman has standing
to bring this action and to seek substantial damages for his own loss. The
question as to how damages (if any) are to be assessed and whether it is
necessary to show that Mr Leiman as the plaintiff/promisee incurred loss in
making good the shortfall in performance will be addressed below after the
question of liability on the facts is determined.

The Adelaide Trust

88 It is convenient at this point to set out (in brief terms) some of the
salient features of the Adelaide Trust which was set up on 16 May 2006. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

AEIC of Mr Koenig, para 3.

The trust settlement is stated to be irrevocable (cl 12) and governed by the
laws of the Cayman Islands (cl 11). Mr Leiman is the settlor, the trust
protector, as well as one of the named beneficiaries. The trustees were
empowered to pay or apply the trust income to or for the benefit of any of the
beneficiaries as the trustees think fit during the trust period (cl 4.1).

89 Mr Leiman, as the protector, enjoyed certain powers to exclude and add
beneficiaries (cl 7.1). But, unless provided otherwise (for example, amendment
of administrative provisions), the powers of the trustees are exercisable at
their absolute discretion (cl 8.1).

90 The initial trust fund was US$10. Subsequent to the setting up of the
Adelaide Trust, Mr Leiman transferred NGL shares and NGL share options to the
trust by assignments. Notice of the assignments were given to the R&O
Committee. Further, Rothschild Trust also contractually undertook to be bound
by the Share Option Rules under which the options were granted. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Defendants’ core bundle (“DCB”), pp 46, 66, 73, 85 and 92.

91 The Shares and the Share Options referred to above (save for the 5,652,421
shares) were assigned to Rothschild Trust prior to the Settlement Agreement
and Advisory Agreement. It is clear that Rothschild Trust and NGL had
contractually agreed to be bound by the Share Option Rules. These rules, of
course, were also binding on Mr Leiman by virtue of the terms of his contract
of employment.

Whether the plaintiffs’ omission to plead agency precludes a cause of action
against the defendants

92 The defendants’ second objection is that, since the R&O Committee is a
separate body whose decision caused loss to Mr Leiman, Mr Leiman’s remedy is
against the R&O Committee. Mr Leiman only has a cause of action against NRL if
he pleads that the R&O Committee is an agent or is in any other way acting on
behalf of NRL. But since Mr Leiman did not so plead, he can have no remedy
against NRL. The defendants cite the cases of Steven Andrew Clark v Nomura
International Plc [2000] IRLR 766 (“Nomura”), Braganza v BP Shipping Limited
[2015] UKSC 17 (“Braganza”), and Mark Hills v Niksun Inc [2016] EWCA Civ 115
in support.

93 But I do not think that those cases assist the defendants in any way. If
anything, they show instead that “[c]ontractual terms in which one party to
the contract is given the power to exercise a discretion, or to form an
opinion as to relevant facts, are extremely common”: Braganza at [18], per
Lady Hale.

94 In Braganza, the issue was whether the deceased employee seaman who fell
overboard at sea had committed suicide or been a victim of an accident. BP
Shipping (the defendant), the owners and manager of the vessel, set up an
inquiry in accordance with its own internal procedures. A team investigated
the events and produced a final report (following several drafts and some
discussions with in-house legal) setting out the opinion that the most likely
cause was suicide. The report was forwarded to the General Manager of BP
Maritime Services (Singapore) Pte Ltd – the company which provided management
services to the defendant. On the basis of the report, the General Manager
concluded that there had been wilful default and that death in service
benefits were not payable.

95 Lady Hale stressed at [2] that the court’s task was not to decide what
actually happened to the deceased seaman. Instead the court’s task was to
decide whether the employer of the deceased seaman was entitled to form the
opinion which it did. It is clear that in many cases, the exercise of a
contractual discretion or power to form an opinion on relevant facts will
involve or require some sort of fact-finding exercise. Indeed, there may be
several inquiries on facts: external and internal. It must follow that the
exercise of contractual discretion may be based on findings made or opinions
reached by the party entitled to exercise that discretion or based on
findings, opinions or recommendations of other legal persons. But at the end
of the day, the key point for the purposes of the objection raised is that the
right under the contract to exercise that discretion still vests in the party
that is contractually granted that discretion.

96 In Nomura, the plaintiff was employed as a senior proprietary trader in
equities. His remuneration comprised a basic salary supplemented by an annual
bonus awarded under a discretionary scheme. The plaintiff was subsequently
dismissed on three months’ notice on the ground of irretrievable loss of
confidence in his ability, etc. Subsequently, whilst the plaintiff was serving
out the three-month notice, the employers learnt of certain disparaging
remarks made by the plaintiff. The plaintiff was informed that no
discretionary bonus would be paid because of the assessment of his financial
performance and his behaviour. Burton J found at [56] that the decision to
dismiss the plaintiff was taken during a two-day meeting of the International
Markets Division (“IMD”) Management Committee (of which he had not been given
prior notice). The decision to pay a nil bonus was reached later after the
head of the IMD consulted the IMD Management Committee (at [75]). The point
which I note is that the decision under review was made by the IMD Management
Committee and the head of that division.

97 In the present case, Mr Leiman’s employer is NRL. Under the Employment
Agreement, he was required to serve as COO of NGL, and subsequently, he was
tasked to serve as CEO of NGL. He was also bound by Noble’s policies and, in
particular, by the Share Option Rules and the AIP.

98 The Share Option Rules states at cl 3 that the scheme is a share incentive
scheme. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

7AB, p 5276.

The purpose of such a scheme is to provide executive directors and employees
of the group (ie, NGL and its subsidiaries, including NRL) an opportunity to
participate in the equity of NGL. The scheme is administered by “the
Committee”, which “compris[es] directors of [NGL], duly authorised and
appointed by the Board to administer the Scheme”. I pause to underscore that
there can be no doubt that the R&O Committee is “the Committee” as defined in
cl 2 of the Share Option Rules. The Share Option Rules goes on to set out
detailed rules including those on: (i) grant and acceptance of options; (ii)
subscription price; (iii) rights to exercise options; and (iv) exercise of
options. These rules include, for example, provisions on the lapse of the
right to exercise options because of cessation of employment and so on.

99 The AIP is concerned with the annual discretionary bonus as determined by
the R&O Committee. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

1AB, p 570.

I pause here to underscore the point that the R&O Committee is a committee
made up of the Chairman and members drawn from the board of directors. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

AEIC of Mr Leiman, para 7.

The AIP sets out detailed provisions such as one providing for a restricted
period during which the shares are held by a discretionary trust set up by NGL
and during which the shares cannot be transferred or assigned save in the
event of death. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

1AB, pp 571–572.

100 The decisions made by the R&O Committee in the present case were based,
inter alia, on: (i) the PI’s report, (ii) the Wolfe Report and (iii)
discussions and input from Noble’s legal team. The R&O Committee is not an
independent legal person. It simply comprises certain directors of the NGL
board together with the Chairman. There is no doubt that when the R&O
Committee considers an issue relating to discretionary bonuses, share options
or other entitlements under the Share Options Scheme or the AIP, it does so as
the duly-appointed committee of the NGL board tasked precisely with that
responsibility for NGL and indeed NRL (by virtue of the terms of the
Employment Agreement). NGL and NRL, as corporate persons, act through their
responsible officers, boards and committees.

101 Under the Settlement Agreement between NRL and Mr Leiman, NRL undertook
certain promises to Mr Leiman in respect of the Share Options and the Shares,
provided Mr Leiman did not act to Noble’s detriment. In short, Mr Leiman
retained his rights to exercise the Share Options and to sell the Shares so
long as he did not act to Noble’s detriment.

102 The R&O Committee’s role is to determine whether Mr Leiman had in fact
acted to Noble’s detriment in the case of a dispute. Put another way, the
parties to the Settlement Agreement designated the R&O Committee as the
mechanism that would have the final say in determining, in the event of a
dispute between the parties, whether Mr Leiman had acted to Noble’s detriment.
It is clear that the R&O Committee does not, as a result of such an
arrangement, become a party to any contract with either Mr Leiman or NRL.

103 Parenthetically, I note the defendants’ point that the plaintiffs have not
made submissions to the effect that: (a) there was a collateral contract
between either of them and the R&O Committee, or (b) NRL or NGL were under any
obligation to procure the R&O Committee to act in a particular way. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

DCS, para 267.

But the fact of the matter is that the plaintiffs need not frame their case as
such; although the R&O Committee’s decision undoubtedly impacts NRL’s
discretion to grant Mr Leiman’s entitlements, it is ultimately still a
contractual discretion which NRL exercises. The promise that is said to have
been breached remains a promise under the Settlement Agreement; the parties
thereto remain Mr Leiman and NRL. I find, therefore, that the plaintiffs are
not precluded from bringing this suit against the defendants.

Whether there was “a final determination”

104 As noted, cll 3(c) and (d) of the Settlement Agreement (see [28] above)
repose in the R&O Committee the authority to make a “final determination”, in
the event of a dispute between Mr Leiman and NRL, on whether Mr Leiman had
acted to the detriment of Noble.

105 The plaintiffs argue that the decisions of the R&O Committee relating to
Mr Leiman’s entitlement to his benefits do not amount to a final determination
under the Settlement Agreement, as they were expressed to have been made
“pending … investigations”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

PCS, para 173.

This is true in relation to the R&O Committee’s 1 March 2012 decision. Indeed,
all three Committee members (ie, Mr Elman, Mr Rubin, and Mr Chan) gave
evidence that the R&O Committee had declined Rothschild Trust’s exercise
request pending investigations into the matters raised at the meeting of 1
March 2012. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

AEIC of Mr Chan, para 18; AEIC of Mr Rubin, para 51; AEIC of Mr Elman, para
101.

This was confirmed in cross-examination. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NOE of 26 July 2017, p 11, 139; NOE of 27 July 2017, pp 91–93 and 97; NOE of 4
August 2017, pp 19–21 and 82–83.

Mr Alam, who was present when the exercise request was discussed, also
confirmed that the 1 March 2012 decision was not final. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NOE of 24 July 2017, pp 7 and 33.

The plaintiffs point out that, of the three R&O Committee members, only Mr
Elman took the position that this decision was a final one, even though Mr
Elman claims that the other R&O Committee members were prepared to reconsider
the decision if new information came to light. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

PCS, para 174.

106 However, I find that the R&O Committee’s decision of 27 March 2012 was a
final determination within the meaning of cll 3(c) and (d).

107 The plaintiffs say that Mr Chan and Mr Rubin were of the view that no
final decision was made at the conclusion of the 27 March 2012 meeting. They
assert this on the basis of Mr Chan’s and Mr Rubin’s evidence that the R&O
Committee had asked Mr Alam to “complete the Brazilian investigation” after
the 27 March 2012 decision was made. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

AEIC of Mr Chan, para 32; AEIC of Mr Rubin, para 64.

Yet, it seems to me that Mr Chan’s and Mr Rubin’s evidence is consistent with
Mr Elman’s, namely, that a final decision was indeed made on 27 March 2012,
subject to whatever new information that may come to light (if any) to cause
the R&O Committee to re-consider its decision. Thus, Mr Chan deposed that the
R&O Committee had unanimously decided to withhold its permission for
Rothschild Trust to exercise the Share Options, but tasked Mr Alam to invite
Mr Leiman to provide any response or explanation which the latter wished to
bring to the R&O Committee’s attention. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

AEIC of Mr Chan, para 30.

By a letter dated 10 April 2012, Mr Leiman was invited to advance any further
information in response to the R&O’s Committee’s 27 March 2012 decision. He
did not respond. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

AEIC of Mr Chan, para 34.

Mr Rubin’s account of events in this regard is similar. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

AEIC of Mr Rubin, paras 67.

108 Mr Alam, on the other hand, gave evidence that he did not consider the 27
March 2012 decision to be a final determination. But I ascribe little weight
to this in light of the consistency in the evidence of the three R&O Committee
members. In fact, the plaintiffs themselves recognise that although, after the
27 March 2012 decision, investigations have since been completed and the 2012
Wolfe Report finalised, there has been no further meeting of the R&O Committee
convened to reconsider its decision. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

PCS, para 175.

109 Accordingly, I find that the R&O Committee’s decision of 27 March 2012
amounts to a final determination under the Settlement Agreement.

The validity of the decisions of the R&O Committee

110 Clause 3 of the Settlement Agreement is titled “Severance Payments and
Benefits”. In particular, cl 3(c) sets out Mr Leiman’s entitlement to exercise
the Share Options, “provided that prior to exercise he has not acted in any
way to the detriment of Noble”. Clause 3(d) covers Mr Leiman’s entitlement to
the Shares and their accrued dividends, and provides that they “shall vest and
become free of transfer restrictions in accordance with its term of grant
provided [Mr Leiman] does not act in any way to the detriment of Noble”. In
both cases, the R&O Committee “shall make a final determination in the event
of any dispute”: see [27] above.

111 Having found that the R&O Committee had in fact made “a final
determination” within the meaning of cll 3(c) and (d), the inquiry now turns
to whether the R&O Committee’s decisions are valid. I begin by considering the
appropriate standard by which the R&O Committee’s decisions are to be
reviewed.

112 It is now established that where one party to a contract is given the
power to exercise a discretion, the courts will seek to ensure that such
contractual powers are not abused by implying a term as to the manner in which
such powers may be exercised. Such a term may vary according to the terms of
the contract and the context in which the decision-making power is given:
Braganza at [18]. In cases such as the present one, the court will imply “a
term that the decision-making process be lawful and rational in the public law
sense, [and] that the decision is made rationally (as well as in good faith)
and consistently with its contractual purpose”: Braganza at [30]. In other
words, “in the absence of very clear language to the contrary, a contractual
discretion must be exercised in good faith and not arbitrarily or
capriciously”: British Telecommunications plc v Telefonica O2 UK Ltd [2014]
UKSC 42 (“British Telecommunications”) at [37].

113 These principles have been accepted by the local courts. In MGA
International Pte Ltd v Wajilam Exports (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2010] SGHC 319
which concerned the extent of a party’s discretion to decide its own
remuneration and commission for services (see [9]), Belinda Ang J quoted with
approval (at [104]) the following passage from the English Court of Appeal’s
decision in Socimer Bank Ltd v Standard Bank Ltd [2008] All ER (D) 331
(“Socimer”) at [66]:

It is plain from these authorities that a decision-maker’s discretion will be
limited, as a matter of necessary implication, by concepts of honesty, good
faith, and genuineness, and the need for the absence of arbitrariness,
capriciousness, perversity and irrationality. The concern is that the
discretion should not be abused. Reasonableness and unreasonableness are also
not concepts deployed in this context, but only in a sense analogous to
Wednesbury unreasonableness …

114 The analogy drawn in Socimer to the concept of Wednesbury unreasonableness
(as developed in the seminal administrative decision of Associated Provincial
Picture Houses Ltd v Wednesbury Corp [1947] 2 All ER 680) presents the
interesting question of whether the principles of judicial review of
administrative action may apply in the contractual context. This was
considered by the United Kingdom Supreme Court in Braganza. Although their
Lordships found it fitting to draw some parallels to the Wednesbury test, they
did not reach a conclusion as to the precise extent to which an implied
contractual term may differ from the principles applicable to judicial review
of administrative action: Braganza at [30] and [32]. Likewise, it is not
necessary for me to decide this question, especially considering that the
parties are in agreement that the R&O Committee’s exercise of discretion would
be invalid if it was arbitrary, capricious or in bad faith. I pause to stress
that the present case, like Braganza, is only concerned with the exercise of
contractual discretion in an employment context.

115 The parties, however, do not agree as to whether the R&O Committee’s
decisions may also be invalid for its failure to act in accordance with
natural justice. In particular, the plaintiffs contend that Mr Leiman should
have been given notice of the allegations against him and a fair opportunity
to be heard by the R&O Committee. The defendants argue that there is no basis
in law for the imposition of any such duty or implied term for the R&O
Committee to accord due process to Mr Leiman.

116 I agree with the defendants that there was no requirement for the R&O
Committee to have informed Mr Leiman of the allegations made against
beforehand or to have given him an opportunity to be heard. The defendants
have not been able to cite any authority in which such a requirement was
recognised in the contractual context. They rely only on the cases of Kay Swee
Pin v Singapore Island Country Club [2008] 2 SLR(R) 802 and Singapore Amateur
Athletics Association v Haron bin Mundir [1993] 3 SLR(R) 407, both of which
involved decisions made by disciplinary committees. I do not think it is
appropriate to read such a requirement into the contract. In the present case,
there is no indication that the parties had envisioned that Mr Leiman would
have an opportunity to be heard. I add that Mr Leiman was himself a member of
the R&O Committee between January 2010 and December 2011, and would have been
familiar with the workings of the R&O Committee. There is no allegation that
the R&O Committee departed from its usual procedure in this regard when
dealing specifically with Mr Leiman. Mr Leiman was in any case aware that he
could make representations to the R&O Committee. Indeed, there is evidence
that on 10 April 2012, NRL wrote to Rothschild Trust stating that the R&O
Committee would consider any request from Mr Leiman to advance information in
response to the allegations that had arisen. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

DCS, para 291.

Mr Leiman did not take up the invitation.

117 I also do not think there is a separate duty for the R&O Committee to act
“fairly”, 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

See PCS, para 305.

over and above the existing requirement or implied term that it must not
exercise its discretion arbitrarily, capriciously or in bad faith. “Fairness”
appears to me to be no more than a more general and nebulous description of
this standard. I do not see how it adds anything to the test or how it serves
as a distinct ground upon which the decisions of the R&O Committee may be
challenged. It follows from this that the plaintiffs must still show that the
R&O Committee exercised its discretion arbitrarily, capriciously or in bad
faith. I shall return to the issue of fairness and good faith later when
considering the issue as to whether there was a breach in respect of the 2011
Bonus.

118 In order to satisfy the relevant standard (ie, arbitrary, capricious or in
bad faith), the plaintiffs advance a number of arguments which can be taken in
four general strands:

(a) first, that the R&O Committee acted arbitrarily, capriciously and/or in
bad faith by prejudging the matter;

(b) second, that the R&O Committee acted arbitrarily, capriciously and/or in
bad faith by failing to review the relevant contractual agreements which would
have made them realise that there had to be evidence of detriment caused to
Noble in order to deny Mr Leiman of his entitlements;

(c) third, that the R&O Committee acted arbitrarily, capriciously and/or in
bad faith in finding that Mr Leiman had solicited Noble employees, misused
Noble’s confidential information and competed against Noble, in the absence of
any evidence or proper discussion; and

(d) fourth, that the R&O Committee acted arbitrarily, capriciously and/or in
bad faith in determining that Mr Leiman had hired Messrs Carlier and Ozeias in
breach of his duties, even though they were already aware of the relevant
matters at the time the parties entered into the Settlement Agreement.

Whether the R&O Committee pre-judged the matter or acted partially

119 I deal first with the contention that the R&O Committee had already made
up its mind prior to the meetings that it would not allow Mr Leiman to
exercise the Share Options, and the related allegation that the R&O Committee
saw itself as a representative of Noble. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

PCS, paras 289 and 300.

The plaintiffs point to the following evidence in support of this argument:

(a) The R&O Committee did not inform Mr Leiman of the allegations prior to
their first meeting on 1 March 2012 or give him an opportunity to respond. Mr
Alam initially claimed that there was no time, but later conceded that there
was no real urgency to make a decision. The R&O Committee also did not invite
Mr Leiman to respond after the meeting on 1 March 2012. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

PCS, paras 290(a), 291 and 298.

(b) The R&O Committee did not make a final decision on 1 March 2012, and
instead asked that Mr Alam look into the issue of whether Mr Leiman had
informed Noble of Messrs Carlier and Ozeias’s legal troubles and that more
research be conducted by Wolfe Associates. According to the plaintiffs, this
showed that the R&O Committee recognised that they had insufficient
information at the time. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

PCS, para 290(e).

(c) On 1 March 2012 after Mr Leiman had been informed of the R&O Committee’s
decision, Mr Rubin sent the rest of the R&O Committee an update about a
telephone conversation he had with an agitated Mr Leiman. Mr Leiman had
allegedly told Mr Rubin that he was upset with Noble not giving him what it
owed him, and that he had a lot of material to use against Noble for a “full
blown legal war” that would be played out in the news. Mr Alam replied with
the comment that it sounded like Mr Leiman was “now adding blackmail to his
other dubious talents”, and added, “If we give him enough rope ….” Mr Chan
then replied, “I think we keep our cool and stick to our plan….cross the
bridge when we come to it.” 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

5AB, p 3587, cf NOE of 13 July 2017, pp 48–52.

(d) On 9 March 2012, Mr Alam e-mailed the R&O Committee conveying that Mr
Rubin’s preference was to “play for time” whilst the investigations against Mr
Leiman continued. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

5AB, p 3634.

Mr Elman replied and indicated his agreement with Mr Rubin’s preference.

(e) On 12 March 2012, Mr Alam e-mailed the R&O Committee stating that there
was no record with Noble’s human resources department that Noble was informed
about problems with Messrs Carlier and Ozeias, but that the Brazilian court
records of the relevant proceedings had just been located. Mr Chan replied,
“Hopefully the Court docs will be more revealing.” 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

5AB, p 3647.

(f) On 14 March 2012, Mr Alam forwarded the letter from Rothschild Trust
asking the R&O Committee to reach a fresh decision. Mr Rubin replied, “Let’s
just work on gathering the information we need [as soon as possible].” 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

5AB, p 3658.

(g) Mr Alam was able to send out the letter notifying Rothschild Trust of the
R&O Committee’s affirmation of its decision at 6.54pm on 27 March 2012, which
was less than two hours after the R&O Committee meeting. Mr Alam admitted that
the letter had been pre-drafted. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

PCS, para 296.

(h) The R&O Committee did not discuss Rothschild Trust’s request for full
reasons to be given for its decision. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

PCS, para 297.

(i) Neither Mr Rubin nor Mr Chan asked for the final version of the 2012 Wolfe
Report, and a fresh R&O Committee meeting was not reconvened to discuss the
findings contained therein. This indicated that the R&O Committee was not
genuinely interested in the outcome of the investigations because it had
already made up its mind. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

PCS, paras 301–304.

(j) Mr Rubin stated in his evidence that the R&O Committee “owed a duty to the
shareholders of Noble to properly investigate the matter before allowing [Mr
Leiman] to exercise the options under the Settlement Agreement.” Mr Elman was
the largest shareholder in NGL, yet he remained on the R&O Committee. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PCS, para 300; AEIC of Mr Rubin, para 51.

120 Having considered all the evidence in context, I do not think that the R&O
Committee’s general attitude towards Mr Leiman’s matter was arbitrary or
capricious. As I found at [116] above, the R&O Committee was not obliged to
allow Mr Leiman to make representations, nor did they have to provide full
reasons for their decisions. The fact that Mr Elman was concurrently a
representative and large shareholder of Noble while acting as a member of the
R&O Committee does not in itself taint the decisions of the R&O Committee,
considering that, at the time the Settlement Agreement was signed, Mr Leiman
knew and accepted that Mr Elman would be a member. In any case, I accept that
Mr Rubin and Mr Chan were independent non-executive directors.

121 The plaintiffs rely on certain phrases used by Mr Rubin and Mr Chan, such
as “stick to our plan”, to show that the R&O Committee had pre-judged the
matter and was merely trying to buy time and gather information to
substantiate its decisions. But I do not think that these messages should
necessarily be read in such a light. Instead, it seems more likely to me that
the R&O Committee made a tentative decision based on the reports that were
before them, and that their “plan” was that this decision would stand unless
further investigations revealed new information to the contrary. This was
consistent with Mr Chan’s testimony. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

AEIC of Mr Chan, pp 97–98.

Other comments about the need to gather the requisite information were likely
to have been in response to the real possibility of Mr Leiman taking legal
action – which I find that Mr Leiman did threaten, despite his denial – and in
view of ensuring that their decisions would be unassailable before the courts.
I note that Noble sought and obtained independent legal advice from Linklaters
between the R&O Committee’s meetings of 1 and 27 March 2012. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

AEIC of Mr Rubin, para 59.

122 I also do not make much of Mr Rubin and Mr Chan’s omission to ask for the
final version of the 2012 Wolfe Report, when they likely proceeded on the
basis (and reasonably so) that Mr Elman or Mr Alam would keep them apprised if
the final report revealed anything that would make them question their initial
decision. It does not appear that anything of this nature was revealed in the
final version of the 2012 Wolfe Report, and it was therefore reasonable that
another meeting was not held considering that the R&O Committee had already
met twice to discuss this matter. With all things considered, I am not
satisfied that the R&O Committee acted partially or unfairly prejudged the
matter, or acted arbitrarily, capriciously or in bad faith in this regard.

The R&O Committee’s omission to review the relevant agreements

123 Next, the plaintiffs contend that the R&O Committee “did not even bother
to review the [Settlement Agreement]” at either of its meetings. According to
the plaintiffs, this shows that the R&O Committee was not exercising its
discretion in good faith or rationally, and it failed to appreciate that Mr
Leiman had to have acted to Noble’s detriment if it wished to validly decline
his request to exercise the Share Options. They further argue that the R&O
Committee had erroneously assumed that a breach of Mr Leiman’s contractual or
fiduciary obligations would have been sufficient per se, without detriment
having been caused to Noble. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

PCS, paras 201–205.

124 I do not see why it was necessary for the members of the R&O Committee to
have had the Settlement Agreement in front of them during the meetings. The
minutes of the 1 March 2012 meeting show that Mr Alam “explained to the [R&O
Committee] [Mr Leiman’s] contractual obligations under his Settlement
Agreement and [Advisory] Agreement with Noble”. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

5AB, p 3582.

There is nothing to suggest that the R&O Committee did not appreciate their
task was to determine whether Mr Leiman had acted in a way that was
detrimental to Noble. This question was a relatively straightforward one. The
minutes of the 27 March 2012 meeting further make clear that the R&O Committee
did conclude that Mr Leiman had “acted or engaged in activity or conduct which
is inimical or contrary to or against the interests of [Noble]”, and I do not
read anything contained in the minutes to suggest that the R&O Committee
regarded detriment as an option rather than a requirement. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

6AB, p 3925.

While Mr Rubin’s testimony during cross-examination revealed that he did not
understand or realise the requirement of a detriment over and above a breach
of duty, 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NOE of 26 July 2017, p 77.

it is at least apparent to me that the R&O Committee did in fact base their
decision on a finding that Mr Leiman had acted in ways detrimental to Noble.

125 For similar reasons, I reject the plaintiffs’ arguments that the R&O
Committee did not have the Employment Agreement and the Advisory Agreement
before them. The members were already briefed by Mr Alam on Mr Leiman’s
relevant contractual obligations at the 1 March 2012 meeting, and a memorandum
from Noble’s solicitors at Linklaters on issues to be considered by the R&O
Committee was tabled at the 27 March 2012 meeting. Further, there was nothing
too unusual about Mr Leiman’s non-solicitation and non-competition
restrictions. The plaintiffs argue that the R&O Committee failed to consider
that the restrictions in the Employment Agreement were limited to the Americas
and the Asia-Pacific regions, whereas the PI had only reported Mr Leiman
attending meetings in London. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

PCS, para 210.

But the location of Mr Leiman’s meetings say nothing about where the actual
competition would take place, and it is at least clear that BTG Pactual, as a
Brazilian company with a large South American presence (see [35] above), would
be competing in the Americas. There is also nothing in the minutes indicating
whether the R&O Committee did or did not consider whether the persons Mr
Leiman had allegedly approached were part of Noble’s senior management or
otherwise fell within the restrictions contained in the Employment Agreement,
and I will shortly address this point as I turn to discuss the issue of Mr
Leiman’s alleged solicitation.

126 On a related note, the plaintiffs argue that the defendants have not shown
what “detriment” Noble has suffered, or provided any evidence of loss caused
to Noble as a result of Mr Leiman’s acts. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

See, eg, PCS, para 379.

However, I do not read the requirement that Mr Leiman “does not act in any way
to the detriment of Noble” (as stated in cll 3(c) and (d) of the Settlement
Agreement) to mean that the defendants or the R&O Committee would have to show
evidence of some tangible loss caused to Noble. As a matter of common sense
and a plain reading, this phrase simply means that Mr Leiman would not be
entitled to the Shares and the Share Options if he acted against Noble’s
interests. In my judgment, proof of actual detriment is not required,
especially on the present facts where all of the alleged acts would clearly
have been contrary to Noble’s business interests.

Alleged acts of competition, solicitation and misuse of confidential
information

127 Before moving to the next two issues (on which a substantial amount of
evidence was led), I pause to underscore that the Court is not meant to step
into the shoes of the R&O Committee and to conduct a de novo review, as the
cases make clear that the Court must not “substitute its own decision for that
of the decision-maker”: Braganza at [29]; see also ABN AMRO Clearing Bank NV v
1050 Capital Pte Ltd [2016] 1 SLR 186 at [84]. A decision-maker in the
contractual context should not be expected to undertake “the same expert,
professional and almost microscopic investigation of the problems, both
factual and legal, that is demanded of a suit in a court of law”: Braganza at
[31], quoting The Vainqueur José [1979] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 557 at 577. I reiterate
that the focus of the inquiry here is on whether the R&O Committee exercised
its discretion arbitrarily, capriciously or in bad faith, such as by making a
finding in the absence of any factual basis.

128 Part of the grounds relied upon by the R&O Committee in its refusal to
allow Mr Leiman to exercise his Share Options relate to his conduct following
the Settlement Agreement. The conduct in question is described in the minutes
of the R&O Committee’s 27 March 2012 meeting: 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

6AB, p 3925.

[W]hile being a party to valid and existing Settlement and [Advisory]
Agreements, both within [Noble], [Mr Leiman] is undertaking actions, such as
contacting employees and former employees of [Noble], clients of [Noble],
counterparties of [Noble], advisors to [Noble] with whom he had
contact/dealings while at Noble, seeking their co-operation in taking steps to
set up and/or operate an entity or entities which would compete with [Noble].

The defendants’ case is that Mr Leiman engaged in acts of competition and
solicitation against Noble’s interests, and misused Noble’s confidential
information. Although these are related points, I will deal with each of these
in turn for convenience, beginning with the alleged acts of competition
against Noble.

129 For now, I note that the plaintiffs argue that the parties did not intend
for “detriment” in cll 3(c) and (d) of the Settlement Agreement to apply to
conduct that relates to competition and solicitation which does not actually
amount to a breach of the non-competition and non-solicitation clauses in the
Employment Agreement. Otherwise, it is said this would unfairly widen the
scope of Mr Leiman’s non-competition and non-solicitation obligations. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

PCS, paras 337(b) and 358–359.

I agree but only in so far that “detriment” in terms of competition and
solicitation must be interpreted in line with the relevant clauses in the
Employment Agreement, and that it would be difficult for the defendants to
allege detriment as a result of such acts if the conduct complained of would
have been permissible under the Employment Agreement. For reference, cl 7 of
the Employment Agreement, titled “Non-Competition Requirements”, reads as
follows: 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

1AB, p 309.

During the term of your employment and in case of termination for a period
ending on the date which is six (6) months from the date you receive your
final payment as an employee of the Company, and within the Asia Pacific and
Americas Regions, you will refrain from:

\- directly or indirectly (as a director, officer, employee, independent
contractor, advisor or otherwise) engage in competition with, or own any
interest in, perform any services for, participate in or being connected with
any business or organization which engages in competition with the business of
the Company or a related or affiliate company with which you were involved or
had supervisory responsibility during the twelve (12) month period immediately
preceding your last day as an employee of the Company,

\- solicit directly or indirectly the patronage of any client or customer with
whom you have had personal contact or dealings on behalf of the Company, or a
related or affiliate company, during the twelve (12) month period immediately
preceding your last day as an employee of the Company.

\- directly or indirectly employ, solicit for employment or advise or
recommend to any person that they employ or solicit for employment, any senior
management of the Company or a related or affiliate company with which you
were involved or had supervisory responsibility during the twelve (12) month
period immediately preceding your last day as an employee of the Company.

Competition against Noble

130 It will be recalled from Mr Leiman’s e-mail to Mr Vinokurov of Summa
Capital (see [35] above) that Mr Leiman was assisting with BTG Pactual’s
efforts in breaking into the commodities market. Mr Leiman was reaching out to
Mr Vinokurov to assess if Summa Group would be interested in being a partner
on this project to build BTG Pactual’s commodities arm into “the new
Glencore”. I note that the defendants presented evidence that Summa Group was
one of Noble’s strategic partners with whom Noble was discussing potential
joint ventures in Russia and Indonesia, 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

AEIC of Mr Elman, paras 86(3) and 95; AEIC of Mr Alam, para 121.

and that Mr Leiman would have come to know about Summa Capital’s interest in
moving into the commodities sector through internal Noble e-mails sent between
August to October 2011 in which this was discussed and Mr Leiman was copied.
130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NOE of 12 July 2017, p 22.

Mr Alam gave evidence that he and Mr Elman were alarmed and deeply concerned
by the PI’s findings for these reasons. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

AEIC of Mr Alam, paras 120–122.

Scanned images of Mr Leiman’s e-mail to Mr Vinokurov were sent to the members
of the R&O Committee prior to the 1 March 2012 meeting, and tabled at that
meeting. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

5AB, p 3569.

131 At the 27 March 2012 meeting, Mr Alam informed the R&O Committee that the
PI had reported Mr Leiman meeting with certain Noble employees and advisors,
such as: 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

AEIC of Mr Chan, para 28; DCS at para 82(c).

(a) Mr Spitz, an advisor of NRL at the time, on 6 December 2011 and 9 January
2012;

(b) Mr David Cherrett (“Mr Cherrett”), then Chief Commodity Strategist of
Noble Europe Ltd, on 2 February 2012;

(c) Mr Andrea Valerio, then Managing Director in Oil Liquids of Noble Americas
Corps, on 22 February 2012; and

(d) Mr Nick Brewer (“Mr Brewer”), then Chief Operating Officer of Noble, 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

DCS, para 82.

on 9 March 2012.

Mr Leiman had also been seen meeting with representatives from BTG Pactual and
Summa Group. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

AEIC of Mr Chan, para 29.

132 During the course of discovery in these proceedings, the defendants
obtained further evidence relating to Mr Leiman’s conduct around and during
the time the Advisory Agreement was in effect. Briefly, this included the
following:

(a) A document dated 5 December 2011 detailed Mr Leiman’s concept plan for a
commodity merchant bank (“CMB”). The idea was to set up a commodity merchant
bank which would provide trade financing to commodities suppliers in exchange
for repayment in commodities, which the bank could then leverage or hedge
against to generate further returns. The CMB would also invest in and manage
assets relevant to the production and supply of commodities in the sectors of
agriculture, metals, mining, energy and shipping, as well as trade in
commodities. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

8AB, p 5655; AEIC of Mr Leiman, para 142.

I will refer to this concept as “the CMB Plan”.

(b) In November 2011, Mr Leiman was corresponding via e-mail with several
headhunting firms. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

DCS, para 75.

He stated to one firm that he wanted to find a new role outside of London and
that he was “looking at private equity/sovereign wealth funds that want to
start or expand into the commodity business”. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

4AB, p 2382.

In an e-mail dated 29 November 2011, another headhunting firm told Mr Leiman
that it would “follow-up with BTG Pactual as promised”. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

4AB, p 2384.

(c) On 6 December 2011, Mr Giovanni Salvetti (“Mr Salvetti”), a friend of Mr
Leiman, introduced him to one Mr Christian Ollig of global investment firm
Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co (“KKR”) by e-mail. Mr Salvetti stated that he was
making the introduction because he was aware that several private equity
investors were willing to enter into the commodities business, and that a way
to do so was to invest in a team and to build the business up from scratch. Mr
Salvetti added that Mr Leiman had “clear ideas on what [could] be done” and
could pull together a team. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

4AB, p 2921.

(d) On 13 February 2012, Mr Leiman e-mailed Mr Spitz with the executive
summary of what appears to be an evolved form of the CMB Plan with the name
“Alliance Commodities”. The summary stated that Alliance Commodities was
“[l]ed by an unrivalled management team” with an “[e]xcellent and long track
record in setting up, managing and scaling a global commodities business”. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

5AB, pp 3383–3384.

There was also correspondence in May and June 2012 showing Mr Leiman and Mr
Courtis’s attempts to convince prospective investors that an experienced
management team had been identified. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

See DCS, paras 79–80.

Although the defendants place substantial reliance on such evidence, I
reiterate that these documents and correspondence were not before the R&O
Committee when they made their decisions. As the inquiry for this Court is to
determine whether the R&O Committee’s decisions were arbitrary, capricious or
in bad faith, it is imperative that I look primarily to the documents which
were actually placed before the R&O Committee and which it relied on in coming
to its decisions.

133 In my judgment, Mr Leiman’s e-mail to Summa Capital was the “smoking gun”.
That e-mail made clear that Mr Leiman had actively reached out to and met with
Mr Vinokurov to assess if Summa Group would be interested in being a partner
in building BTG Pactual’s commodities arm into the “new Glencore”.

134 The plaintiffs characterise the above e-mail as being mere preparatory
steps, and cite the Court of Appeal’s decision in Smile Inc Dental Surgeons
Pte Ltd v Lui Andrew Stewart [2012] 4 SLR 308 at [67] for the proposition that
an employee’s implied duty of good faith and fidelity is only breached “if
more than mere preparatory steps [towards future competition] had been taken”
by the employee. The Court of Appeal highlighted at [68]–[70] that this would
be a highly fact-specific inquiry in each case, and endorsed Etherton J’s
remarks in Shepherds Investments Ltd v Walters [2007] FSR 15 at [108]:

… It is obvious, for example, that merely making a decision to set up a
competing business at some point in the future and discussing such an idea
with friends and family would not of themselves be in conflict with the best
interests of the company and the employer. The consulting of lawyers and other
professionals may, depending on all the circumstances, equally be consistent
with a director’s fiduciary duties and the employee’s obligation of loyalty.
At the other end of the spectrum, it is plain that soliciting customers of the
company and the employer or the actual carrying on of trade by a competing
business would be in breach of the duties of the director and the obligations
of the employee. It is the wide range of activity and decision making between
the two ends of the spectrum which will be fact sensitive in every case.

135 It is clear that an employee who has tendered his notice of resignation
and is serving out his notice period (the twilight period) still owes a
contractual duty of fidelity to his employer. That said, the law recognises
that if a question of compliance with the duty of fidelity arises in the
notice period, it is proper to make the assessment bearing in mind the fact
that the employee will soon cease to be an employee. This is because the law
recognises the tension between the interests of the employer and those of the
employee, especially during the twilight period of his employment as well as
post-employment: see Andrew Stafford and Stuart Ritchie, Fiduciary Duties:
Directors and Employees (Jordans Publishing Limited, 2nd Ed, 2015) (“Fiduciary
Duties”) at paras 4.30–4.31, where it is said at para 4.31 that:

An act should not be held to be a breach of the duty of fidelity if the
employee goes no further than reasonably required for the purpose of exploring
his employment prospects elsewhere. This is so even if the employee
contemplates setting up in competition.

136 This is why, leaving aside any express terms to the contrary, an employee
who in his spare time makes arrangements for setting up his own office, is not
necessarily in breach of the duty of fidelity unless such acts interfere with
his work or if he actually starts business whilst still employed: see Robb v
Green [1895] 2 QB 1 at 15; Balston Filters v Headline Filters [1987] FSR 330
generally; and Lancashire Fires Ltd v SA Lyons & Co Ltd [1996] FSR 629 at
678–679 where the defendant employee was held to have engaged in more than
purely routine acts in preparation for departure and was found to have
breached his duty of fidelity.

137 The line between permissible preparatory acts and those which breach the
duty of fidelity depends on the terms of the contract and the facts of each
case. It cannot be assumed that so long as the employee does not actually
start competition that he is free to embark on “preparatory” acts with full
speed and fervour. As suggested by Fiduciary Duties at para 4.45, as an
alternative to the label “preparatory steps”, it may be appropriate to ask
whether the steps taken reveal a potential conflict between the interests of
the employer and those of his employee. Yet another test or guide is to ask
whether a person of ordinary honesty and intelligence would regard the
employee’s acts as dishonest towards his employer: see para 4.38.

138 In the present case, I am of the view that Mr Leiman’s acts as evidenced
by his e-mail to Summa Capital indicated that he had gone beyond mere
preparatory steps. Instead, he had actively sought out Summa Capital to make
his pitch and flown to Russia to meet them (as well as to Brazil to meet BTG
Pactual), all while serving as Advisor to Noble. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

5AB, pp 3570–3571.

The e-mail mentioned a “project” and “business plan” which was already in
place, and BTG Pactual wanted things to “move fast”: see [35] above.

139 Further, I accept the defendants’ evidence that Summa Group was one of
Noble’s strategic partners with whom Noble was discussing potential joint
ventures in Russia and Indonesia, and it appears likely that Mr Leiman only
got to know about Summa Capital’s interest in moving into the commodities
sector by virtue of internal Noble e-mails which he was privy to (see [130]
above). Although neither Summa Capital nor Summa Group was a “client” or
“customer” for the purposes of the non-solicitation clause in the Employment
Agreement (see [129] above), such solicitation is nonetheless a fact that
lends itself strongly to a finding of a breach of the non-competition clause.

140 Indeed, as will be discussed later, it is clear Mr Leiman was using
sensitive confidential information about Summa Capital that he received when
he was CEO of NGL. Under these circumstances, there was certainly a valid
basis for the R&O Committee to find (or take the view) that Mr Leiman had
breached his duty of fidelity to Noble and acted in a way detrimental to
Noble’s interests. Further, even taking account of the fact that by January
2012 Mr Leiman was no longer CEO of NGL or an employee of NRL, he was a
highly-paid advisor to NRL. Mr Leiman was receiving not only a retainer but
also his base salary (as COO) under the Employment Agreement pursuant to the
Settlement Agreement. Furthermore, it bears repeating that the non-competition
provisions of the Employment Agreement had been incorporated into the
Settlement Agreement.

141 The plaintiffs make the argument that the CMB Plan would not have been
competing with Noble, as what Mr Leiman envisioned was akin to a private
equity fund that would invest in commodities and commodity assets, and engage
in asset management and trading. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

PCS, para 413.

Mr Elman was clear in his evidence that Noble was in the business of
commodities trading and asset management. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

AEIC of Mr Elman, para 7; NOE of 3 August 2017, p 75.

Noble was also involved in fund management until February 2012 when a fund it
was managing closed down. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

NOE of 4 August 2017, pp 1–2.

Although there were certainly novel elements to the CMB Plan which
distinguished its business model from Noble’s, this does not necessarily mean
that it was not in competition with Noble. Indeed, the first concept plan
document dated 5 December 2011 stated that “[t]he CMB is effectively a company
with three divisions”: (a) commodities trade finance; (b) “investment in and
management of assets relevant in commodities value chain”; and (c)
“traditional commodities trading business based on optimizing information
flows and optionality which is presently exclusive to the commodity trade
houses”. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

8AB, p 5655.

The CMB would certainly compete with Noble in terms of “traditional
commodities trading business” in category (c), if not also in categories (a)
and (b).

142 Nor do I accord much significance to the plaintiffs’ argument that the CMB
Plan did not ultimately take off. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

PCS, para 412.

Although the management committee of BTG Pactual declined the proposal to
establish a standalone commodities trading unit, it was open to have Mr Leiman
“join as a partner to build a commodities capability on an incremental basis
within BTG Pactual”. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

6AB, p 4607.

In any case, this subsequent event is of limited relevance to the R&O
Committee’s decisions in March 2012 and the nature of Mr Leiman’s conduct upon
which its decisions were based.

143 Given the above reasons, I do not find that the R&O Committee acted
arbitrarily, capriciously or in bad faith in the exercise of its discretion.
Its decisions were validly based – at least in part – on proof of Mr Leiman’s
acts which were in competition against and detrimental to the interests of
Noble.

144 I pause to note that the Advisory Agreement was entered into on the same
day as the Settlement Agreement. Whilst the Advisory Agreement does not make
express reference to the Settlement Agreement, the Settlement Agreement does
make reference to the Advisory Agreement and expressly extends or applies the
non-competition clause in the Employment Agreement to the Advisory Agreement.
Clause 4 of the Settlement Agreement states that the non-competition clause in
the Employment Agreement continued to apply until the end of the Advisory
Agreement, or for nine months from the effective date, whichever is longer:
see [27(d)] above.

145 The Advisory Agreement also expressly provides that Mr Leiman’s duty is to
“provide advisory services relating to commodities supply chain management …
as designated to him by Mr Richard Elman”. The basic remuneration provided was
the same as when he was first appointed as COO of NGL. Furthermore, Mr Leiman
undertook in cl 3 of the Advisory Agreement that he did not have any agreement
to provide advisory services in commodities supply chain management to any
other company and that he would not enter into such an agreement during the
term of the Advisory Agreement. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

4AB, p 2344.

146 The point that I make is that Mr Leiman as COO and later as CEO owed
duties of fidelity to NGL. Indeed, bearing in mind that he was also an
executive director of NGL, he was in the position of a fiduciary. As Fiduciary
Duties describes at para 3.17:

A fiduciary is someone who has undertaken to, or is obliged to, act in the
interests of another. He is required to demonstrate single-minded loyalty to
his principal. … Fiduciaries are obliged to avoid self-interest in their
dealings with their principals.”

147 After his resignation and termination of his positions as CEO and director
of NGL, Mr Leiman’s obligation not to compete against Noble (as originally
provided for in the Employment Agreement) continued. Even if Mr Leiman was not
in a fiduciary position as an advisor, I have no doubt that he owed a duty of
fidelity to NRL under the Advisory Agreement. Whilst NRL is not NGL, a
reasoned determination (that is not capricious, etc) by the R&O Committee that
Mr Leiman had acted to the detriment of NGL would, in my view, also provide a
reasonable and legitimate basis for finding that Mr Leiman had acted to the
detriment of NRL (a principal subsidiary of NGL).

Solicitation of Noble senior management

148 As stated at [131] above, Mr Alam informed the R&O Committee at the 27
March 2012 meeting that according to the PI’s reports, Mr Leiman had been
meeting a number of Noble employees and advisors. In their statement of claim,
the plaintiffs named six Noble employees (at the time they were allegedly
approached), two former Noble employees and four financial advisors
(companies) to Noble whom Mr Leiman had allegedly approached with a view to
soliciting them to compete against Noble, as well as a list of 23 former Noble
employees and directors who had joined BTG Pactual by the time the suit was
filed. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

SOC, para 36A.2.

149 The non-solicitation clause in the Employment Agreement prohibits Mr
Leiman from soliciting members of Noble’s senior management for employment, as
well as clients and customers of Noble: see [129] above. One of the
plaintiffs’ contentions is that the defendants have not shown that the persons
allegedly solicited by Mr Leiman fall within these categories.

150 It is clear that the four companies who were stated in the pleadings to be
Noble’s financial advisors (Ernst and Young, KKR, Royal Bank of Scotland and
UBS) were service providers and are not members of senior management or
clients and customers of Noble. Further, former directors and employees of
Noble such as Mr Courtis fall outside the non-solicitation clause as they were
not members of senior management at the material time.

151 Nevertheless, it is apparent from the job positions and titles that a
number of the named individuals such as Mr Brewer and Mr Cherrett were “senior
management of [NRL] or a related or affiliate company with which [Mr Leiman
had been] involved or had supervisory responsibility during the twelve (12)
month period immediately preceding [his] last day as an employee of [NRL]”:
see [131] above.

152 The difficulty with the allegations of solicitation of Noble’s senior
management, however, is that there was very little information before the R&O
Committee about the purpose of Mr Leiman’s meetings with these individuals.
According to Mr Leiman, these meetings were social in nature. Indeed, Mr
Leiman had served at NGL for many years and it is not at all surprising that
he might have occasional contacts and meetings with some of his former
colleagues. Even if the conversation included chit-chat on Mr Leiman’s plans
for the future, this does not mean that he was soliciting his former
colleagues for employment.

153 Against this, the defendants basically assert that an inference can be
drawn that Mr Leiman discussed employment opportunities with the former
colleagues whom he met up with, from the fact that 23 persons who used to be
with Noble are now with BTG Pactual. The problem, however, is that even now,
there is little evidence to show that Mr Leiman had in fact approached these
named individuals to solicit them for employment.

154 The defendants point to several documents suggesting discussions and
meetings between BTG Pactual and Mr Brewer with which Mr Leiman was involved,
but it appears that the first meeting only took place on 21 August 2012 which
was after the expiry of the Advisory Agreement on 1 August 2012. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

DCS, para 82(g); 4AB, pp 2344–2345.

That said, Mr Leiman did meet Mr Brewer earlier on 9 March 2012 in London,
although the plaintiffs’ position is that this meeting was for purely social
purposes. I note that Mr Brewer did end up joining BTG Pactual in March 2013
153

##### Foot Note 153

×

DCS, para 82(f).

and that he was not called by the plaintiffs as a witness. At the same time, I
note that several of the named individuals such as Mr Cherrett were still
Noble employees at the time of the trial, 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

PCS, para 387.

but were not called by the defendants as witnesses.

155 Looking at the evidence as a whole, I have doubts that there was
sufficient evidence by which the R&O Committee could have properly and
rationally concluded that Mr Leiman was soliciting all of the named Noble
senior management for employment. That said, even if the R&O Committee did not
have a sufficient basis to find that there was solicitation, the overall
evidence before them did show that around the same time as these meetings, Mr
Leiman had moved beyond mere preparatory steps in his discussions with Summa
Capital and BTG Pactual and was pursuing them hard. Even if Mr Leiman had not
specifically asked Mr Brewer or any of the other senior Noble employees to
come on board with his plans at this stage, the R&O Committee certainly had a
basis to take the view that Mr Leiman had discussed his plans with Mr Brewer
and others, and to take this into account when coming to its decision as to
whether Mr Leiman had acted to Noble’s detriment. I do not think that this
would have been an arbitrary or capricious finding.

156 In any event, nothing turns on the solicitation point given my finding
that the R&O Committee already had a proper basis for coming to the conclusion
that there was conduct detrimental to Noble because of Mr Leiman’s acts of
competition against Noble. Even if Mr Leiman was just discussing business
matters with senior Noble employees such as Mr Brewer for the purpose of
firming up his plans (BTG Pactual or the CMB Plan) as opposed to specific
solicitation of services, Mr Leiman would clearly be engaging in more than
preparatory acts in the period when he was bound by the non-compete
obligation.

157 I pause to reiterate that it is not for this Court to substitute the
opinion of the decision-maker. The task, as stated by Lady Hale in Braganza at
[2], is to decide whether the employer was entitled to form the opinion which
it did. The standard of review is whether the decision was made in good faith
and not arbitrarily or capriciously, that decision being the finding by the
R&O Committee that Mr Leiman had acted to the detriment of Noble. I am
satisfied that the R&O Committee made this finding in good faith, on the basis
of the evidence showing a breach of Mr Leiman’s non-competition obligations.

Misuse of confidential information

158 Given my above findings, it is not strictly necessary for me to consider
the allegations of misuse of confidential information for the purposes of
determining the validity of the R&O Committee’s decisions. Indeed, the minutes
of the meetings and the other contemporaneous documents do not indicate that
this particular issue was specifically discussed by the R&O Committee, and it
did not form part of the grounds for its decisions.

159 I note that Burton J in Nomura held at 780 that “whereas, in cases of
wrongful dismissal, an employer can, in order to justify a dismissal, rely on
matters which he can later show to have been the case, even if he did not know
of and/or rely upon them at the time to justify dismissal”, the position is
different where the issue is not wrongful dismissal but whether the employer
exercised a discretion in breach of contract. For this reason, it may be
thought that it is not appropriate for this Court to have regard to these
allegations in deciding whether the decisions made by the R&O Committee were
legally defensible. That said, it is clear that the R&O Committee was at least
aware of the approaches made to Summa Capital and BTG Pactual in light of Mr
Leiman’s e-mail to Mr Vinokurov. Further, even if the R&O Committee did not
specifically address the issue of breach of confidence, I am of the view that
this would have formed part of the context in which it found that Mr Leiman
had acted to the detriment of Noble.

160 In any case, I will set out my findings and observations on the issue of
breach of confidence, as it is relevant to NRL’s counterclaim against Mr
Leiman that is discussed towards the end of this judgment.

161 The basic principles of the law on confidence as set out in the seminal
English cases of Saltman Engineering Co v Campbell Engineering Co (1948) 65
RPC 203 and Coco v AN Clark (Engineers) Ltd [1969] RPC 41 (“Coco v Clark”),
which have been followed and applied in numerous Singapore cases including PH
Hydraulics & Engineering Pte Ltd v Intrepid Offshore Construction Pte Ltd and
another [2012] 4 SLR 36 at [55], and Invenpro (M) Sdn Bd v JCS Automation Pte
Ltd and another [2014] 2 SLR 1045 (“Invenpro”) at [129]. The three basic
elements to be satisfied are as follows:

(a) the information must possess the necessary quality of confidentiality;

(b) the information must have been imparted or received in circumstances such
as to give rise to an obligation of confidentiality; and

(c) there must have been unauthorised use and (possibly) detriment (see
[165]–[169] below).

162 The information that NRL claims to have been confidential was that “Summa
Capital was interested in moving into the commodities sector, and in
particular, that Summa Capital had been warned off working with Glencore, that
Glencore was being squeezed out of major Russian grain ports, and that the
business was being flipped to Noble or Louis Dreyfus”. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

DCS, para 112(a).

Mr Leiman was made privy to this information by way of Noble’s internal e-mail
discussions from August to October 2011 which related to Summa Capital. On 29
October 2011, a NRL director, Mr William Randall, e-mailed Mr Brewer and one
Mr Raj Kapoor, stating that Noble had “been closely working with a group
called Summa Capital (controlled by MgM) over last 4 months”. Among other
things, the e-mail stated that Summa Capital had  
“been warned off working with Glencore from the top” as “[s]omething went
wrong” and that “MgM is progressively squeezing them out of major Russian
grain ports and trying to flip business to Noble / [Louis Dreyfus]”. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

3AB, p 2283.

Mr Leiman and Mr Elman were the only other persons copied in the e-mail chain.

163 It is clear that this information regarding Summa Capital was in fact
confidential. Not only does it appear to cover commercially sensitive matters,
Mr Leiman also confirmed during cross-examination that such information was
not available in the public domain. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

NOE of 12 July 2017, p 23–24.

The circulation of such information was also restricted to a few key members
of Noble. Clause 6 of the Employment Agreement provides for the obligation not
to reveal Noble’s confidential information without prior written consent, and
defines “confidential information” to include “trade secrets and non-public
information concerning financial data … business plans, [and] product and/or
services development”. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

1AB, p 308.

In my view, the information in question falls squarely within the ambit of cl
6.

164 I also find that there was unauthorised use of the said confidential
information. Mr Leiman contacted Summa Capital without NRL’s knowledge and in
pursuit of his own CMB Plan, and effectively used the confidential information
in crafting a pitch to Summa Capital, which he knew to be interested in moving
into the commodities sector. I also do not think it was entirely a coincidence
that Mr Leiman used the phrase “the new Glencore” as part of his pitch.
Needless to say, none of this was authorised by NRL, whether implicitly or
expressly.

165 Megarry J in Coco v Clark (at 48) and the authors of Tanya Aplin et al,
Gurry on Breach of Confidence (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2012)
(“Gurry”) at para 15.43 remark that the case law contains no clear answer as
to whether there is a separate requirement to show detriment, although it is
suggested in Gurry that “i[n] almost all cases where there is an obligation
and there is breach, there is likely to be detriment in some form”.

166 Much of the uncertainty or hesitation over whether there is a separate
requirement of detriment arises because of lingering doubts over the doctrinal
basis of the cause of action of breach of confidence. Contract, tort, property
and equity have all been referred to as possible jurisdictional bases, while
some subscribe to the view that the law of confidence is sui generis in
nature. Under each of these approaches, a different emphasis may be placed on
the requirement of detriment. For example, analogising a breach of confidence
to a trespass in tort would mean that detriment is less important as the torts
of trespass to land, goods and the person are generally actionable per se,
while an approach grounded in equity may require detriment given the maxim
that “equity does not act in vain”: see Ng Siew Kuan, “The Spycatcher Saga:
Its Implications and Effect on the Law of Confidence” [1990] 32 Malaya Law
Review 1 at Part VI(1) and generally. Perhaps the real question is what
exactly is meant by “detriment”, and in particular, whether loss of
confidentiality (for example, from an unauthorised disclosure) is sufficient
in and of itself to establish detriment.

167 In the area of commercial or industrial trade secrets and confidential
information, the value or significance of confidential information lies not in
the information per se, but in the fact that the information is confidential
and not known to or readily available to the public at large: John Hull,
Commercial Secrecy: Law and Practice (Sweet & Maxwell, 1998) at p 44. In A-G v
Newspaper Publishing plc [1989] 2 FSR 27 at 48, Donaldson LJ likened
confidential information to an “ice cube”:

Give it to the party who undertakes to keep it in his refrigerator and you
still have an ice cube by the time the matter comes to trial… Give it to the
party who has no refrigerator or will not agree to keep it in one, and by the
time of the trial you just have a pool of water which neither party wants. It
is the inherently perishable nature of confidential information which gives
rise to unique problems.

168 I agree with the authors of Gurry at para 15.43 in preferring the view
that “the requirement of detriment is not a discrete element, but rather is
subsumed within both the nature of the information in question and the scope
of the obligation”. I note that the same “basic” law of confidence generally
applies to all types of information which passes the threshold test of
confidentiality (ie, not readily available to the public at large). The range
of information is enormous and is often organised into classes such as: (i)
personal information; (ii) state and/or official information; (iii) business
information; and (iv) trade secrets. That said, behind the classification of
convenience there remains a question as to whether different nuances or
details of the basic principles may apply depending on the nature of the
information, the scope of the obligation and the circumstances under which the
obligation arises.

169 I add by way of general observation that the question of detriment is also
relevant to the remedy that is in issue given the nature or scope of the
breach. For example, where the breach consists of unauthorised disclosure of
the confidential information to the public at large (eg, publication on a
website), the unauthorised use (disclosure) has the effect of destroying the
very subject matter of the confidence. On the other hand, where the
unauthorised use comprises disclosure to just one other person (an indirect
recipient) in breach of confidence, the information may still be confidential
as a matter of law if that other person is caught by an obligation of
confidentiality. In the former case, aside from an award of damages or
accounting of profits, there is a tricky question as to whether there remains
any basis for a grant of a final injunction against the defendant. On the
other hand, in the latter case, the timely grant of injunctive relief against
the defendant and the indirect recipient may: (i) preserve the confidentiality
of the information and (ii) avoid the prospect of consequential losses to the
plaintiff.

170 Coming back to the case at hand, it appears that no tangible consequential
loss was ultimately caused to NRL in light of the fact that the pitch to Summa
Capital did not succeed. Indeed, I note for the time being that NRL does not
contend that the Court ought to award damages beyond that necessary to
“compensate” for benefits received by Mr Leiman under the Settlement Agreement
and the Advisory Agreement. I will return to this issue in my analysis of the
counterclaim below.

171 NRL further submits that Mr Leiman misused confidential information
pertaining to the number of vessels owned by Noble. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

DCS, p 55.

This information was set out in a chart contained in a business plan for
Alliance Commodities dated January 2012. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

5AB, pp 3312 and 3323.

Other companies such as Cargill, Louis Dreyfus and Glencore were also listed,
but Mr Leiman did not have information on how many vessels they had. NRL
argues that it must be inferred that Mr Leiman had obtained the information
about Noble’s vessels by virtue of his position as CEO of NGL. I have doubts
about the confidentiality of this information, especially given that there is
no evidence about how this information was imparted to Mr Leiman. Even if it
is accepted that such information was confidential, it is unclear whether Mr
Leiman even shared this business plan document with anyone else. I therefore
do not think that the claim of misuse of confidential information can be
sustained on this separate ground.

Prior conduct in relation to Messrs Carlier and Ozeias

172 Another ground upon which the R&O Committee concluded that Mr Leiman had
acted in a way contrary to Noble’s interests was Mr Leiman’s hiring of Messrs
Carlier and Ozeias without disclosing that they had, as the defendants allege,
“serious integrity issues and were facing serious allegations of fraud, deceit
and other wrongdoings in multiple ongoing proceedings”. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

DCS, p 100.

As stated in the minutes of the R&O Committee’s meeting on 27 March 2012, the
R&O Committee concluded that the following formed part of the grounds of its
decision:

[T]he actions of Ricardo Leiman in hiring [Messrs Carlier and Ozeias] and/or
continuing to employ them whilst knowing of the legal accusations against them
(and a resulting criminal conviction of Mr. Carlier while an employee of Noble
Group) in Brazil in respect of their activities at Eximcoop and their actions
vis-a-vis Itochu, and never informing the Board of Noble or other senior
officers of the Group of same, and misleading Noble senior management about
their previous employment history and legal disputes, and further knowing
their work experience was not in the management of sugar mills, all the while
placing them in very senior positions of trust in the Group’s Brazilian sugar
mill operations which subsequently suffered poor financial results …

173 Extensive evidence pertaining to matters involving Mr Leiman and Messrs
Carlier and Ozeias was led during the trial. It is not necessary for me to set
this out in detail; a broad summary of the relevant facts will suffice for
present purposes and a short description has already been provided. In brief,
I accept the 2012 Wolfe Report’s factual findings on the situation regarding
Eximcoop circa 1998.

174 In November 1998, Eximcoop’s subsidiary, Graincoop, ordered soymeal from a
company named Continental Grain. Without having paid for the cargo, Graincoop
took possession of the master bills of lading in January 1999, procured the
cargo and sold it onwards to third parties. There was evidence from
Continental Grain that it had just been acquired by another company at the
time, and was a target for customers who were trying to evade payment. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

8AB, p 5991; DCS, paras 176–177.

Continental Grain demanded payment, but Eximcoop was in severe debt – its
liabilities exceeded its assets by over US$19m. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

9AB, p 6313; DCS, para 178(a).

Mr Carlier was Eximcoop’s CEO at the time, and Mr Ozeias’ position was
Commercial Director. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

AEIC of Mr Carlier, para 6; AEIC of Mr Ozeias, para 4; PCS, para 231.

175 On 21 January 1999, Mr Leiman e-mailed Messrs Carlier and Ozeias and two
other Eximcoop colleagues stating that Graincoop had been “officially
ac[c]used of fraud for cashing an unpaid [bill] and issuing two [bills]” by
Continental Grain and one of the third-party purchasers. Mr Leiman’s proposed
strategy to deal with this problem was to pay off Continental Grain by
borrowing funds from one of Eximcoop’s shareholders, CAROL, and to issue an
official statement stating that Graincoop was merely “late in payment” but not
responsible for any fraud. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

9AB, p 6751.

Graincoop then borrowed US$2.45m from CAROL to pay Continental Grain for the
soymeal cargo. When Itochu subsequently invested in Eximcoop believing that
the funds would be used to expand Eximcoop and develop new business, part of
the funds were instead used to repay CAROL without Itochu’s knowledge. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

9AB, pp 5998 and 6000; DCS, para 178(d).

This later became a subject of Itochu’s claim against Eximcoop, which was
settled following an arbitral award in Itochu’s favour. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

8AB, pp 6021–6022.

176 It is clear that there was fraud perpetrated by Graincoop in respect of
the Continental Grain incident, and that Mr Leiman was aware of such fraud.
The word “fraud” appeared in several of the e-mails from or involving Mr
Leiman such that the plaintiffs cannot reasonably maintain that no issue as to
fraud existed. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

NOE of 4 July 2017, p 131; see 9AB, pp 6751 and 6759.

In my view, this went beyond mere tardiness in making payment.

177 The plaintiffs also contend that Messrs Carlier and Ozeias had not
personally perpetrated the fraud against Continental Grain, but I am sceptical
of this argument in view of their respective positions as Eximcoop’s principal
managers 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

See 8AB, p 6025.

and their involvement in covering up the fraud. In any case, Mr Leiman was,
likewise, at least aware of the fraud even if he was not himself complicit in
it.

178 These were not the only legal troubles faced by Messrs Carlier and Ozeias.
On 7 November 2000, 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

9AB, p 6112.

after Itochu had taken over Eximcoop, Eximcoop filed a criminal complaint
alleging that the former administrators of Eximcoop were involved in tax
evasion through off-book payments to themselves and a number of other Eximcoop
employees. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

8AB, p 6008 et seq.

This included Mr Carlier, Mr Ozeias and Mr Leiman as the alleged three biggest
beneficiaries of the scheme. Only Mr Carlier was indicted on 23 June 2003 and
convicted on 25 June 2007, and his final appeal was dismissed on 17 October
2013. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

DCS, para 214, citing 10AB, p 7407 and AEIC of Mr Carlier, para 93.

The parties disagree as to when Mr Carlier told Mr Leiman about this
indictment, but Mr Carlier gave evidence that he probably told Mr Leiman about
it sometime around 2003, 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

NOE of 19 July 2017, p 97.

while Mr Leiman’s testimony on this matter was inconsistent. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

See DCS para 218.

Especially considering that Mr Leiman was himself involved in the criminal
complaint and would have likely stayed abreast of the developments on the
matter, and also given the fact that the criminal complaint was reported in a
Brazilian newspaper in 2001, 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

NOE of 19 July 2017, p 12.

it appears to me that Mr Leiman would have known about Mr Carlier’s indictment
prior to Mr Carlier joining Noble.

179 I add that around 2006, Messrs Carlier and Ozeias were involved in other
legal proceedings in respect of their running of Agricole, and they were
accused of fraud and racketeering in a criminal complaint which was later
dropped (see [39(b)] above). 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

8AB, p 5951.

The evidence regarding Mr Leiman’s knowledge of this was thin. The same goes
for Mr Leiman’s knowledge of the legal proceedings brought against Mr Carlier
by his former lawyers for the non-payment of legal fees, where they accused
him of lying and litigating in bad faith, even though these were ongoing at
the time that Messrs Carlier and Ozeias joined Noble. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

NOE of 19 July 2017, pp 3–4; DCS, para 225.

It suffices for me to focus on Mr Leiman’s knowledge of the matters mentioned
at [173]–[178] above.

180 Agricole was in the process of closing down around September 2006, and it
was around that time that Mr Ozeias told Mr Leiman that he was looking for a
job. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

NOE of 18 July 2017, p 54.

Shortly afterwards, Mr Leiman requested a meeting with Mr Carlier and told Mr
Carlier that he might potentially be able to offer Mr Carlier a job at Noble
Brazil. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

13AB, pp 9136 and 9145.

In early November 2006, Mr Leiman offered Mr Ozeias the job of managing and
operating a sugar mill. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

NOE of 18 July 2017, pp 31–32.

Following negotiations on the terms of their employment, Messrs Carlier and
Ozeias signed their employment contracts on 12 December 2006. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

1AB, pp 362 et seq; 13AB, pp 9149 and 9161.

Mr Carlier was employed as the CEO of the sugar mill operations at Noble
Brazil. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

AEIC of Mr Carlier, para 16.

Mr Ozeias was employed as the Commercial Director of the sugar plant business.
183

##### Foot Note 183

×

AEIC of Mr Ozeias, para 16.

181 On 26 December 2006, in response to an earlier request from Mr Elman
regarding the backgrounds of Messrs Carlier and Ozeias who had just been hired
by Noble Brazil to run its sugar mill, Mr Leiman set out their work experience
in an e-mail and described them in a positive light. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

1AB, p 370.

Mr Leiman made the following representations about Messrs Carlier and Ozeias,
which the defendants argue he knew were false: 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

DCS, para 171.

(a) that they had good track records which included working for and having
“joined” Conagra (a big name in the global agri-trading industry) 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

NOE of 6 July 2017, p 54.

and another “Brazilian trading company”, when they were in fact only agents of
Conagra 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

NOE of 6 July 2017, pp 56–60.

and had set up Agricole themselves;

(b) that they had “very good experiences that fit very well [with] the role”,
when they did not have any prior experience managing and operating sugar
mills;

(c) that they were “very knowledgeable and trustworthy”;

(d) that they “got hit by the false allegations” made by Itochu which “are
finished now” (presumably, this referred to the legal proceedings which were
in fact ongoing) and that they had “not done any wrongdoing”; and

(e) that initial references obtained by Mr Fabio Nascimento (“Mr Nascimento”),
Noble Brazil’s Chief Financial Officer, were positive, 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Cf 8AB, p 6053.

and that Mr Leiman would advise Mr Elman accordingly if anything out of the
ordinary was discovered.

182 There would have been nothing wrong with Mr Leiman being eager to hire
Messrs Carlier and Ozeias on the basis that he had worked with them and
trusted them, but I agree that several of these factual representations
(notably, those at [181(a)] and [181(d)] above) he had made to Mr Elman were
demonstrably false. I further note some inconsistencies in the plaintiffs’
case as to whether NGL’s board of directors was involved in the decision to
hire Messrs Carlier and Ozeias – contrary to what was pleaded, it appears that
the board was not in fact consulted. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

NOE of 6 July 2017, p 21, cf amended reply and defence to counterclaim, para
25(c).

The defendants therefore contend that Mr Leiman breached his fiduciary and
implied contractual duties to act in good faith and in Noble’s interests by
hiring Messrs Carlier and Ozeias despite his knowledge of the aforementioned
matters and by concealing the relevant facts from Noble. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

DCS, paras 250 and 254–256.

On this point, I note the statement in Fiduciary Duties at para 4.80 that
whilst a director owes a duty to report his own wrongdoing, a mere employee
does not necessarily owe such a duty simply as a result of his duty of
fidelity. That said, there is support for the view that an employee can owe a
duty to report the wrongdoing of a fellow employee: see Fiduciary Duties at
para 4.83, citing Sybron Corporation v Rochem [1984] Ch 112.

183 The plaintiffs, however, argue that Noble’s senior management did in fact
know of these matters relating to Messrs Carlier and Ozeias by October 2011 at
the latest, yet chose not to take action. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

PCS, para 487 et seq.

Indeed, there was ample evidence showing that the existence of civil and
criminal proceedings against Messrs Carlier and Ozeias had been raised to
Noble:

(a) Mr Leiman’s e-mail to Mr Elman on 26 December 2006 which introduced Messrs
Carlier and Ozeias mentioned that Itochu had brought proceedings against them
(see [181] above).

(b) Around the same time, Mr Nascimento found out “the whole story” about
Messrs Carlier and Ozeias from Mr Dinilson Lins (“Mr Lins”), the Controller of
the sugar mill. Mr Lins told Mr Nascimento that he had worked with them at
Allicorp, and that they did “not have a good record”. Mr Lins provided the
details of the problems at Allicorp and stated that there was a criminal
complaint as well as investigations against them “for fraudulent management
and illegal currency remittances”. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

1AB, pp 594–596.

Mr Nascimento was also given copies of documents relating to the Eximcoop
civil proceedings against Messrs Carlier and Ozeias, the Eximcoop criminal
complaint and charge against Mr Carlier, and the Allicorp criminal complaint,
193

##### Foot Note 193

×

8AB, p 6053.

which he showed to Noble’s lawyers at Linklaters. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

6AB, p 6053.

(c) In May 2007, Mr Alam e-mailed Mr Elman and Mr Leiman stating that there
were sentiments in Noble Brazil that Messrs Carlier and Ozeias “may not have
the expertise to manage sugar issues since they have non sugar backgrounds”
and that “they are ‘untouchable’ because they are hired and protected by [Mr
Leiman]”. Mr Leiman informed Ms Konyn (of Noble’s human resources department)
of these observations, and Mr Alam forwarded the e-mail to her upon her
request. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

1AB, pp 510–511.

(d) The 2008 Wolfe Memo mentioned the Eximcoop proceedings against Messrs
Carlier and Ozeias, the Eximcoop criminal complaint against them and Mr
Leiman, “a possible investigation/prosecution” against Mr Carlier, and the
Allicorp criminal complaint against Messrs Carlier and Ozeias. Mr Wolfe added
that he would be “able to verify and investigate these allegations and verify
the matters raised in the criminal and civil proceedings” if instructed to by
Noble. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

1AB, p 633.

(e) In November 2009, Mr Carlier’s lawyers sent Noble’s lawyers a report
summarising the status of the criminal proceedings against him. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

2AB, p 987–993.

184 It is clear that Noble indeed knew of the matters (at least in broad
terms) involving Messrs Carlier and Ozeias which the defendants now complain
of but did not take any action in relation to this. After all, a copy of the
2008 Wolfe Memo was provided by Mr Spitz to Noble’s then Group Finance
Director and its Accounts/Finance Director of Projects in November 2008. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

PCS, para 235; NOE of 28 July 2017, pp 85–86.

Indeed, the contents of the 2008 Wolfe Memo were shared with Mr Elman, even
though he claimed not to recall when this happened. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

PCS, para 235; NOE of 3 August 2017 at pp 33–34 and 99; NOE of 4 August 2017,
pp 105–106.

In all likelihood, the 2008 Wolfe Memo would have been shared with Mr Elman
closer to 2008 than 2011. Other senior staff such as Mr Alam and Ms Konyn
would also have been aware (and ought to have been aware) of the general
concerns, and they and Mr Elman could have easily taken action to pin down
details very much earlier if they thought necessary or desirable.

185 Instead, Mr Leiman was promoted to CEO of NGL in 2010, and Messrs Carlier
and Ozeias remained employed by Noble Brazil until 2012. Even if Mr Leiman’s
false representations in the hiring of Messrs Carlier and Ozeias amounted to
breaches of his fiduciary or contractual duties, Noble’s conduct between 2007
and 2011/12 indicates that it did not consider these to be sufficiently
serious or fundamental breaches (contrary to what they now argue) and that
they had, in any event, waived or chosen not to pursue their objections. I
also note that despite the alleged poor performance of Noble’s sugar mill
operations in Brazil and the information which Noble already had about Messrs
Carlier and Ozeias and the problems at Eximcoop, Mr Leiman was doing well at
NGL and in regular receipt of annual discretionary bonuses. According to Mr
Rubin, Mr Leiman “did do a lot of work and very hard work and very important
work” during his tenure. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

NOE of 26 July 2017 at p 25.

186 I therefore do not accept the defendants’ argument that the Shares and
Share Options would have been forfeited (as a result of Mr Leiman’s purported
breaches of his contractual and fiduciary duties with respect to the
allegations concerning Messrs Carlier and Ozeias) regardless of the validity
of the R&O Committee’s decision. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

DCS, para 257.

187 It also does not appear to me that the Settlement Agreement was intended
to cover detrimental acts prior to the parties entering into the agreement,
much less conduct that pre-dated it by several years. There are no express
terms to this effect, and I am of the view that this is not an interpretation
that a reasonable person with knowledge of the circumstances would come to on
the facts of this case.

188 Nor do I think it is appropriate, especially bearing in mind the well-
known stringent tests for implying terms into a contract (see The Law of
Contract at para 6.055), to read in an implied term that a past breach would
disentitle Mr Leiman from his benefits under the agreement. This is especially
so if the implied term included any past breach even if NRL/NGL knew of the
breach or relevant facts and had still awarded Mr Leiman discretionary bonuses
comprising shares and share options. If the position were otherwise it would
mean that Mr Leiman and NRL were entering into an agreement whereby Mr Leiman
was effectively surrendering shares and share options already awarded because
of the past breach. It would be inequitable and in bad faith for NRL to enter
into the contract knowing fully well that Mr Leiman would not be able to
satisfy its terms on the basis of past conduct, and then later seeking to
divest Mr Leiman of the benefits accruing under the contract as well as his
past entitlements. I note that the defendants’ case as pleaded and fought at
trial included a claim against Mr Leiman for an account and repayment of all
salary, bonus and other payments he received from NRL from the date of his
fiduciary and contractual breaches, although they have stated in their closing
submissions they are no longer pursuing these claims. The point I make is that
in the circumstances as a whole, there are insufficient grounds to suggest
that the metaphorical officious bystander would have said, “it is obvious
there must be this implied term,” or that the Settlement Agreement would not
have made commercial sense and would have lacked business efficacy without
such an implied term: see The Law of Contract at paras 6.060–6.064.

189 I note also that the tense used in cl 3(d) (“provided [Mr Leiman] does not
act in any way to the detriment of Noble” [emphasis added]) further suggests
that the condition was meant to apply prospectively. Although a different
tense was used for cl 3(c) (“provided that prior to exercise he has not acted
in any way to the detriment of Noble”), this was by reference to the
stipulated exercise date of the Share Options, and there is no indication that
the parties intended for the conditions governing Mr Leiman’s entitlement to
the Shares and the Share Options to be different. A plain reading thus
militates against the defendants’ interpretation of the Settlement Agreement.

190 Hence, the R&O Committee should not have considered Mr Leiman’s prior
conduct in relation to Messrs Carlier and Ozeias when determining whether or
not he had acted in a way detrimental to Noble’s interests within the meaning
of cll 3(c) and (d) of the Settlement Agreement. It follows that the R&O
Committee could not have rationally based their decisions on such conduct.
However, its decisions were also based on an independent alternative ground
(Mr Leiman’s acts of competition against Noble) which I have earlier found to
be valid in the sense that this decision was not capricious, arbitrary or made
in bad faith. In other words, I find that the R&O Committee’s decisions were
valid, but only in so far as they were based on Mr Leiman’s acts of
competition subsequent to the Settlement Agreement, and not on his conduct
relating to the hiring of Messrs Carlier and Ozeias prior to the Settlement
Agreement.

Whether cl 3(c) of the Settlement Agreement is a penalty clause

191 Although I have upheld the validity of the R&O Committee’s decisions, the
plaintiffs also advance the further argument that cl 3(c) of the Settlement
Agreement, which covers Mr Leiman’s entitlement to the Share Options, amounts
to a penalty clause and is unenforceable. The plaintiffs point out that
37,090,910 out of the 44,818,182 Share Options had already vested and could
have been exercised by Mr Leiman at any time prior to his resignation, under
the Share Option Rules. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

PCS, paras 124–126.

I note that the plaintiffs do not make the same argument in respect of cl 3(d)
which covers Mr Leiman’s entitlement to the Shares.

192 The defendants’ position is that cl 3(c) is not a penalty clause, as it
does not provide for forfeiture of any accrued right, but conferred on Mr
Leiman additional rights which he would not have otherwise had and which were
contingent upon him fulfilling his obligation not to act in a way detrimental
to Noble. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

DRS, paras 221 and 230.

They further argue that in any case, cl 3(c) is commercially justifiable and
not penal in nature. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

DRS, para 233.

193 The law on penalty clauses is helpfully summarised by Lord Dunedin in the
following oft-cited passage from Dunlop Pneumatic Tyre Co Ltd v New Garage and
Motor Co Ltd [1915] AC 79 (“Dunlop”) at 86–88, quoted with approval by the
Court of Appeal in Xia Zhengyan v Geng Changqing [2015] 3 SLR 732 (“Xia
Zhengyan”) at [78]:

1\. Though the parties to a contract who use the words ‘penalty’ or
‘liquidated damages’ may prima facie be supposed to mean what they say, yet
the expression used is not conclusive. The Court must find out whether the
payment stipulated is in truth a penalty or liquidated damages. This doctrine
may be said to be found passim in nearly every case.

2\. The essence of a penalty is a payment of money stipulated as in terrorem
of the offending party; the essence of liquidated damages is a genuine
covenanted pre-estimate of damage …

3\. The question whether a sum stipulated is penalty or liquidated damages is
a question of construction to be decided upon the terms and inherent
circumstances of each particular contract, judged of as at the time of the
making of the contract, not as at the time of the breach …

4\. To assist this task of construction various tests have been suggested,
which if applicable to the case under consideration may prove helpful, or even
conclusive. Such are:

(a) It will be held to be penalty if the sum stipulated for is extravagant and
unconscionable in amount in comparison with the greatest loss that could
conceivably be proved to have followed from the breach ...

(b) It will be held to be a penalty if the breach consists only in not paying
a sum of money, and the sum is a sum greater than the sum which ought to have
been paid …

(c) There is a presumption (but no more) that it is penalty when ‘a single
lump sum is made payable by way of compensation, on the occurrence of one or
more of all of several events, some of which may occasion serious and others
but trifling damage’ …

On the other hand:

(d) It is no obstacle to the sum stipulated being a genuine pre-estimate of
damage, that the consequences of the breach are such as to make precise pre-
estimation almost an impossibility. On the contrary, that is just the
situation when it is probable that pre-estimated damage was the true bargain
between the parties …

[internal citations omitted]

194 As Lord Neuberger and Lord Sumption (Lord Carnwath agreeing) remarked in
the UK Supreme Court decision of Cavendish Square Holding BV v Makdessi [2016]
AC 1172 (“Cavendish”) at [22], “Lord Dunedin’s speech in the Dunlop case
achieved the status of a quasi-statutory code in the subsequent case-law.”
However, their Lordships found that subsequent case law had developed the law
in an unsatisfactory direction (at [31]):

In our opinion, the law relating to penalties has become the prisoner of
artificial categorisation, itself the result of unsatisfactory distinctions:
between a penalty and genuine pre-estimate of loss, and between a genuine pre-
estimate of loss and a deterrent. These distinctions originate in an over-
literal reading of Lord Dunedin’s four tests and a tendency to treat them as
almost immutable rules of general application which exhaust the field. In
Legione v Hateley (1983) 152 CLR 406, 445, Mason and Deane JJ defined a
penalty as follows:

“A penalty, as its name suggests, is in the nature of a punishment for non-
observance of a contractual stipulation; it consists of the imposition of an
additional or different liability upon breach of the contractual stipulation
...”

All definition is treacherous as applied to such a protean concept. This one
can fairly be said to be too wide in the sense that it appears to be apt to
cover many provisions which would not be penalties (for example most, if not
all, forfeiture clauses). However, in so far as it refers to “punishment” and
“an additional or different liability” as opposed to “in terrorem” and
“genuine pre-estimate of loss”, this definition seems to us to get closer to
the concept of a penalty than any other definition we have seen. The real
question when a contractual provision is challenged as a penalty is whether it
is penal, not whether it is a pre-estimate of loss. These are not natural
opposites or mutually exclusive categories. A damages clause may be neither or
both. The fact that the clause is not a pre-estimate of loss does not
therefore, at any rate without more, mean that it is penal. To describe it as
a deterrent (or, to use the Latin equivalent, in terrorem) does not add
anything. A deterrent provision in a contract is simply one species of
provision designed to influence the conduct of the party potentially affected.
It is no different in this respect from a contractual inducement. Neither is
it inherently penal or contrary to the policy of the law. The question whether
it is enforceable should depend on whether the means by which the contracting
party’s conduct is to be influenced are “unconscionable” or (which will
usually amount to the same thing) “extravagant” by reference to some norm.

Instead, Lord Neuberger and Lord Sumption found at [32] the “true test” to be
“whether the impugned provision is a secondary obligation which imposes a
detriment on the contract-breaker out of all proportion to any legitimate
interest of the innocent party in the enforcement of the primary obligation.”

195 The plaintiffs highlight that the Dunlop test remains good law in
Singapore. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

PCS, para 132.

The Court of Appeal in Xia Zhengyan (decided just before Cavendish) expressly
stated at [78] that the law in Singapore on this area is still basically
embodied within the principles laid down by Lord Dunedin. Indeed, the Court of
Appeal has not yet considered the relevance or applicability of the statements
made in Cavendish. Nevertheless, the above passage in Cavendish does not
suggest that that Dunlop is no longer good law in the UK either. Instead, the
point made in Cavendish is that Lord Dunedin’s test in Dunlop remains
“perfectly adequate” to determine the validity of “a straightforward damages
clause”, but in other cases, “compensation is not necessarily the only
legitimate interest that the innocent party may have in the performance of the
defaulter’s primary obligations” (at [32]). In other words, “[a] damages
clause may properly be justified by some other consideration than the desire
to recover compensation for a breach”, and this will “depend on whether the
innocent party has a legitimate interest in performance extending beyond the
prospect of pecuniary compensation flowing directly from the breach in
question” (at [28]).

196 Cavendish has been cited in local decisions for the proposition that “the
rule against penalty clauses regulates only remedies available for breach of a
party’s primary obligations, ie, only secondary obligations, and not the
primary obligations themselves”: Allplus Holdings Pte Ltd and others v Phoon
Wui Nyen (Pan Weiyuan) [2016] SGHC 144 at [15]. As stated in Cavendish at
[73], the rule does not empower courts to review the fairness of parties’
primary obligations. Cavendish has also been cited for “the strong initial
presumption” in negotiated contracts between properly advised parties of
comparable bargaining power that “the parties themselves are the best judges
of what is legitimate in a provision dealing with the consequences of breach”:
iTronic Holdings Pte Ltd v Tan Swee Leon and another suit [2016] 3 SLR 663
(“iTronic”) at [177], citing Cavendish at [35]. It is not for the courts to
relieve a party from the consequences of what may prove to be an onerous or
possibly even a commercially imprudent bargain: iTronic at [177], citing
Export Credits Guarantee Department v Universal Oil Products Co [1983] 1 WLR
399 at 403.

197 It is clear that cl 3(c) of the Settlement Agreement is not “a
straightforward damages clause”. It provides for Mr Leiman’s entitlement to
exercise the Share Options, subject to his forbearance to act in a way
detrimental to Noble (see [28] above). In this connection, concepts such as
“in terrorem” and “genuine pre-estimate of loss” mentioned in Lord Dunedin’s
speech in Dunlop fit rather uneasily, just as Lord Neuberger and Lord Sumption
observed in Cavendish (see [194] above). In such circumstances, my view is
that the Cavendish inquiry as to whether the secondary obligation “imposes a
detriment on the contract-breaker out of all proportion to any legitimate
interest of the innocent party in the enforcement of the primary obligation”
(at [32]) offers the most appropriate guidance.

198 The defendants further cite the case of Imam-Sadeque v Bluebay Asset
Management (Services) Ltd [2012] EWHC 3511 (QB) (“Imam-Sadeque”), the context
and facts of which are quite close to those of the present case. That case
involved a senior employee of an asset management company, Mr Imam-Sadeque,
who had been remunerated over the years with shares under certain bonus plans
which would vest at future dates. These shares were invested in fund units
pursuant to Mr Imam-Sadeque’s directions. His entitlement to the shares under
the bonus plans and the fund units would be dependent on whether he was a
“good leaver”, if his employment were to be terminated before the vesting
dates of the shares. He would not be considered a “good leaver” if he were to
leave voluntarily. Mr Imam-Sadeque however entered into a compromise agreement
with his employer, which provided that Mr Imam-Sadeque was to be treated as a
“good leaver” for the purpose of the vesting of the fund units, provided that
he complied with the terms of the compromise agreement and his employment
contract. The employer later found out that Mr Imam-Sadeque had agreed to join
a new asset management start-up, which he assisted in setting up and launching
its competitive business while he was on garden leave. The employer thus
argued that Mr Imam-Sadeque had breached his employment contract and the
compromise agreement, and was thus not entitled to the fund units. In
response, Mr Imam-Sadeque argued, among other things, that the relevant
provisions in the compromise agreement concerning the forfeiture were
unenforceable by reason of the penalty doctrine: Imam-Sadeque at [3]–[6] and
[186].

199 Popplewell J rejected Mr Imam-Sadeque’s argument, finding that the penalty
doctrine did not apply on the facts (at [204]). His first reason was that the
compromise agreement “confer[red] upon [him] additional rights which he would
not otherwise have had” (at [207]). This was an amendment to his existing
rights under the bonus plans and was more advantageous to him. The additional
rights were conditional upon the fulfilment of the condition of compliance
with the relevant agreements, and were not acquired because these conditions
were not fulfilled. Popplewell J’s second reason was that any forfeiture was
only in respect of contingent future interests in the fund units, which were
not equivalent to the payment of a money sum by Mr Imam-Sadeque upon breach so
as to come within the penalty doctrine (at [210]). These rights were
contingent upon Mr Imam-Sadeque being a “good leaver” or the vesting of the
shares (at [211]).

200 Popplewell J further held that even if the penalty doctrine were
applicable in principle, the “forfeiture” provisions of the compromise
agreement were not penal so as to be unenforceable (at [233]). In making this
finding, Popplewell J considered, among other things, the fact that the
parties were both sophisticated and of comparable bargaining power, that the
compromise agreement contained a variety of rights and obligations which had
their individual commercial justifications and value which could not be easily
expressed in monetary terms, and the commercial objectives of such deferred
remuneration plans (ie, the bonus plans) which were commonplace and in
accordance with industry practice (at [225]–[230]). Popplewell J concluded
that this was not a case where “the value of the rights forfeited exceeds the
greatest loss which could conceivably be suffered from the breach”, and the
true loss to the employer was likely to be impossible to establish and recover
by a damages claim (at [228]). Instead, he expressed that “[i]t would be an
injustice to [the employer] if Mr Imam-Sadeque could escape his bargain” by
acting “in serious breach of his contractual duties as an employee, and yet
still enjoy the benefits of the vested Fund Units” (at [229]–[230]).

201 While I am cognisant of the factual differences between the cases and
certainly do not hastily conclude that they are identical in all material
respects, I find the approach taken by Popplewell J in Imam-Sadeque (in
particular, his first reason) to be largely instructive for the present
purposes. In my view, this approach is also a generally sound one, although I
prefer not to deal with the applicability of the penalty doctrine and the
question of whether the relevant contractual provisions are penal as
conceptually distinct or sequential inquiries.

202 In the present case, cl 8.3(a) of the Share Option Rules provides that any
share option which is unexercised will “immediately lapse” once the
participant “ceas[es] to be in the full-time employment” with Noble, “unless
the [R&O] Committee, in its sole discretion, determines otherwise”. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

AEIC of Mr Leiman, p 151.

Because of this, the defendants’ case is that Mr Leiman was already not
entitled to the Share Options in the absence of the Settlement Agreement. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

See DRS, para 226.

203 Following from the decision in Imam-Sadeque, it will be helpful to examine
the sequence of events pertaining to Mr Leiman’s resignation and departure
from NRL, the signing of the Settlement Agreement and the Advisory Agreement,
and the attempts to exercise the Share Options.

204 According to Mr Leiman, sometime between July and September 2011, he
informed Mr Rubin of his intention to resign and suggested that a replacement
CEO be found. Unfortunately, the e-mail to Mr Rubin which set out Mr Leiman’s
intention to resign is not in evidence. That said, Mr Leiman asserts that he
resigned sometime around the end of October 2011. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

PCS, para 15; NOE of 7 July 2017, pp 43–44; AEIC of Mr Leiman, para 19 and 22.

205 The evidence of Mr Elman is different. In an e-mail dated 2 September 2011
exhibited in Mr Elman’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief, Mr Leiman asked Mr
Rubin to assist in finding a way forward to resolve the conflict between
himself and Mr Elman. Mr Leiman presented four possible outcomes. His
preferred outcome was that he be given a proper mandate to run Noble as its
CEO with full executive powers. The last of the four outcomes was that he
would exit Noble. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

AEIC of Mr Elman, p 59.

Mr Elman gave evidence that he asked Mr Leiman to leave sometime in late
October 2011, and Mr Leiman eventually agreed to leave despite some initial
reluctance. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

AEIC of Mr Elman, paras 59–60.

Indeed, this is supported by an email dated 27 October 2011 from Mr Elman to
NGL’s board of directors informing them that Mr Elman was proposing that Mr
Leiman be moved from the post of CEO to an advisory position with effect from
1 December 2011. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

AEIC of Mr Elman, p 61.

206 On the whole, the evidence leads me to conclude that whilst Mr Leiman did
raise the possibility of resignation in mid-2011, what eventually happened was
that a mutual understanding was reached whereby Mr Leiman would leave Noble
and take up an advisory position. This was followed by discussion on the terms
of the Settlement Agreement and the Advisory Agreement.

207 The Settlement Agreement and Advisory Agreement were eventually entered
into and dated 9 November 2011 (see [26] above). On the same date, a special
NGL board meeting was held. It was recorded during this meeting that: 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

4AB, p 2347.

(a) Mr Leiman had decided for personal reasons to step down as Director and
CEO, and he had submitted his resignation on 9 November 2011; and

(b) Mr Leiman had agreed to remain as an advisor.

208 It will be recalled from [27]–[28] above that the Settlement Agreement
sets out, inter alia, the following rights to Mr Leiman:

(a) his base salary from NRL through 1 December 2011 and for six months
thereafter as notice period payments;

(b) entitlement to exercise the NGL share options vesting on 2 April 2012,
provided he does so by 2 April 2013 and that he has not acted in any way to
the detriment of Noble;

(c) entitlement to exercise the NGL share options vested but unexercised,
provided he does so by 2 April 2013 and that he has not acted to the detriment
of Noble;

(d) that the NGL restricted shares he holds would vest and become free of
transfer restrictions in accordance with the terms of the grant, provided he
does not act in any way to the detriment of Noble; and

(e) entitlement to be considered for the 2011 Bonus.

209 I accept that Mr Leiman could have exercised the Share Options which had
already vested (at [208(c)] above) prior to his resignation or the termination
of his employment, but the fact of the matter is that for some reason he did
not do so.

210 I pause to note that the Settlement Agreement states that Mr Leiman would
only cease to be employed by NRL on 1 December 2011, the effective date of the
agreement. Whilst it may be that Mr Leiman was still an employee of NRL
between 9 November and 1 December 2011, cl 8.4 of the Share Option Rules
states that for the purposes of cl 8.3(a) (see [202] above), the grantee or
participant is deemed to have ceased to be a full-time employee or executive
at the date when the notice of his resignation or cessation is tendered or
given to him unless the notice is withdrawn before its effective date. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

AEIC of Mr Leiman, p 151.

On this basis, Mr Leiman was not entitled to the Share Options at the time he
entered into the Settlement Agreement.

211 Hence, in the same vein as how Popplewell J construed the relevant
provisions in the compromise agreement in Iman-Sadeque, I likewise regard cl
3(c) as conferring upon Mr Leiman additional benefits which he otherwise would
not have had. But these additional benefits were, of course, subject to the
condition that Mr Leiman did not act in a way detrimental to Noble (as
determined by the R&O Committee).

212 Many of the considerations relied upon by Popplewell J in Imam-Sadeque at
[200] above, in finding that the “forfeiture” provisions in the compromise
agreement were not penal in nature, similarly apply here. Mr Leiman is an
experienced businessman and had comparable bargaining power. The Settlement
Agreement and Advisory Agreement were negotiated in detail over numerous
e-mails in which individual terms (especially ones related to the duration of
Mr Leiman’s non-competition restrictions) were discussed and drafts were
exchanged. It is not clear to me whether Mr Leiman obtained legal advice on
these agreements, but he was at least alive to the need to do so. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

3AB, p 2260.

In my view, this is a case where “the parties themselves are the best judges
of what is legitimate in a provision dealing with the consequences of breach”:
Cavendish at [35]; iTronic at [177].

213 Like the compromise agreement in Imam-Sadeque, the Settlement Agreement
contained a variety of rights and obligations with their own commercial
justifications and value which could not be easily expressed in monetary
terms. In my view, the secondary obligation stipulated in cl 3(c) (ie,
“forfeiture” of the Share Options) was not “extravagant and unconscionable in
comparison with the greatest loss that could reasonably or proved to have
followed from the breach”: iTronic at [176], citing Edwin Peel, Treitel: The
Law of Contract (Sweet & Maxwell, 13th ed, 2011) at para 20-139. Or, to follow
the phrasing used in Cavendish (at [32]), cl 3(c) does not impose a detriment
on Mr Leiman that is out of all proportion to Noble’s legitimate interest in
ensuring that Mr Leiman did not compete against it or otherwise act to its
detriment. Instead, it would be unfair to Noble if Mr Leiman were allowed to
breach his obligations under the Settlement Agreement while still enjoying the
benefits provided therein: see Imam-Sadeque at [229]–[230].

214 Given the reasons above, I am not satisfied that cl 3(c) is unenforceable
for being a penalty clause.

215 For the avoidance of doubt, in the event I am wrong and the approach
advocated in Cavendish is not applicable in Singapore, I make clear that I am
in any case of the view that cl 3(c) is not void for being a penalty on the
facts before the Court.

The remaining 5,652,421 shares

216 The fifth group of issues concerns the remaining 5,652,421 shares that
were not expressly mentioned in the Settlement Agreement. The relevant
questions are:

(a) Whether these 5,652,421 shares were covered by the Settlement Agreement,
such that they should be treated in the same way as the rest of the Shares
which were expressly mentioned?

(b) If not, is Mr Leiman entitled to these 5,652,421 shares under the terms of
the AIP?

217 I note at the outset that cl 3(d) of the Settlement Agreement, which
covers Mr Leiman’s entitlement to the Shares and their accrued dividends (see
[110] above), refers only to 17,276,013 shares. No mention is made of the
5,652,421 shares that are held by Mr Leiman himself and which were awarded to
him on 4 May 2011 (see [48] above).

218 The plaintiffs nonetheless argue that the Settlement Agreement
exhaustively covers all of the Shares that had been awarded to Mr Leiman,
including the 5,652,421 shares awarded to Mr Leiman on 4 May 2011. They
advance the following arguments in support: 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

PCS, para 108.

(a) The parties had intended this to be so, as evident from the negotiations
leading up to the Settlement Agreement.

(b) There was no reason to forfeit these 5,652,421 shares just because
shareholder approval had not yet been obtained. As Mr Chan himself recognised,
there was no obstacle to seeking shareholder approval in due course.

(c) The defendants themselves took the position subsequently that Mr Leiman
was not entitled to the 5,652,421 shares not because they had been given up,
but because it had been determined that Mr Leiman had acted in a manner
inimical to the interests of Noble.

219 In the event that the 5,652,421 shares were not covered under the
Settlement Agreement, the plaintiffs’ alternative argument was that Mr Leiman
remains entitled to these shares on the terms of the AIP, as he did not
forfeit them upon ceasing to be employed by NRL. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

PCS, para 119.

220 I find that nothing in the negotiations leading up to the Settlement
Agreement contradicts what cl 3(d) says on its face – that the Settlement
Agreement only covers the 17,276,013 shares. In fact, I find that those
negotiations further confirm what cl 3(d) states. By way of an email dated 24
October 2011, Mr Leiman requested information from Ms Konyn regarding his
options and vested and unvested shares. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

3AB, pp 2248–2249.

On that day, Ms Konyn replied with the statements requested. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

3AB, p 2292.

Those statements showed that Mr Leiman held 17,276,013 restricted shares. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

3AB, p 2255.

Ms Konyn also attached a copy of the 4 May 2011 share award letter under which
Mr Leiman was awarded 5,652,421 shares as remuneration shares for 2010.
Crucially, Ms Konyn stated in this e-mail that the 5,652,421 shares were not
included in the statements, as they were subject to shareholders’ approval. A
week later, on 31 October 2011, Mr Alam, having checked with Noble’s human
resources department, e-mailed Mr Leiman stating that the number of restricted
shares was 17,276,013. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

3AB, p 2303.

In this e-mail, Mr Alam also told Mr Leiman to advise him if he had a
different number. Mr Leiman did not dispute the number Mr Alam had provided.
Instead, he replied and confirmed that the number of shares (ie, 17,276,013)
seemed right. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

3AB, p 2302.

He also forwarded the statements Ms Konyn provided, asking Mr Alam to revise
and draft the final version of the Settlement Agreement. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

3AB, p 2292.

All this was done on the basis that the Settlement Agreement would not cover
the 5,652,421 shares.

221 The plaintiffs accept that the statements provided by Ms Konyn did not
include the 5,652,421 shares, but pointed out that it would have been clear to
Mr Alam that there was a separate lot of 5,652,421 shares. They say this
because Mr Leiman had forwarded Ms Konyn’s reply email of 24 October 2011 to
Mr Alam, in which the share award letter of 4 May 2011 was attached. They
submit that this would have made clear to Mr Alam that there was a separate
lot of 5,652,421 shares. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

PCS, para 109(c).

222 But just because it would have been clear to Mr Alam that there was a
separate lot of 5,652,421 shares does not mean that that separate lot of
shares would be included under the Settlement Agreement. Indeed, as earlier
pointed out, Ms Konyn’s reply email of 24 October 2011 stated clearly that
this separate lot of 5,652,421 shares was not yet included in the statements,
as they were subject to shareholders’ approval. That the parties understood
the Settlement Agreement to cover only the 17,276,013 shares was further
confirmed at trial, where Mr Leiman accepted that Ms Konyn had openly told him
that the statements did not include the 5,652,421 shares and the reason why
that was so. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

NOE of 7 July 2017, p 109.

Mr Leiman also accepted that the “17,276,013” figure entered into the
Settlement Agreement accorded with the number that was openly shared with him
before he signed the Settlement Agreement, and which he himself had forwarded
to Mr Alam to incorporate into that agreement. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

NOE of 7 July 2017, p 114.

I note Mr Leiman’s testimony that he made a mistake signing the Settlement
Agreement thinking that the 5,652,421 shares were included when in truth they
were not. But I did not give much weight to this, as he had every opportunity
to correct this mistake on his own accord in his correspondence with Ms Konyn
and Mr Alam leading up to his signing of the Settlement Agreement, but did not
do so.

223 This leads into the plaintiffs’ second and third arguments (see
[218(b)]–[218(c)] above), which can be dealt with together. It is common
ground that shareholders’ approval had not been obtained for the allotment of
these 5,652,421 shares. The plaintiffs point to Mr Chan’s testimony that Noble
was supposed to seek shareholders’ approval in due course and that there would
be no difficulty in seeking such approval for Mr Leiman’s 5,652,421 shares.
226

##### Foot Note 226

×

PCS, para 114–115.

Yet, accepting, as the plaintiffs do, that a simple majority of votes was
still needed to approve the award of these shares, 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

PCS, para 115.

I note that no evidence was adduced to show how such a simple majority would
have been obtained had the matter been tabled at the next annual general
meeting. And in any case, given the circumstances, I find that Noble was not
obligated to table any such request to begin with. Mr Chan had also testified
that, having regard to the R&O Committee’s decision in March 2012 to refuse
the exercise of any options by Mr Leiman or Rothschild Trust on the basis that
Mr Leiman had acted in a manner inimical to the interests of Noble, Noble
would no longer submit those shares for shareholders’ approval. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

NOE of 28 July 2017, p 58.

Moreover, as Mr Alam stated in his testimony, if an individual ceased to be
employed, as was the case for Mr Leiman, shareholders’ approval would not be
sought. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

NOE of 21 July 2017, p 47.

224 The plaintiffs also point to the fact that when Rothschild Trust queried
whether the R&O Committee’s decisions in March 2012 applied to the 5,652,421
shares, 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

PCS, para 116 and 6AB, p 4060.

Mr Alam’s response of 26 April 2012 was not that these shares had been given
up because they were not covered by the Settlement Agreement or because there
would be no shareholders’ approval obtained. Instead, Mr Alam replied that the
R&O Committee had decided not to approve the vesting because Mr Leiman had
acted in a way that was inimical to Noble’s interests. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

6AB, p 4067.

225 On its own, this reply might appear to support the position that the
5,652,421 shares had not been forfeited or given up at the time the Settlement
Agreement was entered into. Yet, this reply has to be seen in light of all the
other evidence that contradicts the position that the shares had not been
given up. First, there is the fact that cl 3(d) expressly states the number of
shares as 17,276,013 (see [217] above). Next, there is the fact that the
negotiations leading up to the signing of the Settlement Agreement did not
betray an intention that cl 3(d) should be construed in any other way. And
finally, there is also the existence of an entire agreement clause in relation
to the subject matter of the Settlement Agreement, as manifested in cl 10. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

5AB, p 2341.

This clause, when read alongside cl 3(d), which states expressly that the
Settlement Agreement covers only the 17,276,013 shares, gives strong support
for the view that the 5,652,421 shares were not included under the Settlement
Agreement. In the circumstances, I accepted Mr Alam’s evidence that his
response of 26 April 2012, which stated that the R&O Committee had denied the
vesting on the basis that Mr Leiman had acted in a way inimical to Noble’s
interests, was indeed a mistake. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

NOE of 21 July 2017, p 55.

226 In its alternative case, the plaintiffs submit that nothing in the
Settlement Agreement says that Mr Leiman was giving up or forfeiting his right
to the 5,652,421 shares, which he remains entitled to under the AIP regardless
of whether he remains in NRL’s employment. But this, I think, turns the matter
on its head. The question is not about which shares were stated to be excluded
from the Settlement Agreement; rather, it is about which shares are included
under it. As stated above, I find that the effect of cl 3(d) read with cl 10
of the Settlement Agreement is clear – the 17,276,013 shares referred to under
cl 3(d) exhaustively lays out the number of shares Mr Leiman was entitled to.

227 It may well be that under the AIP, shares are not automatically forfeited
upon Mr Leiman ceasing to be employed by NRL. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

NOE of 21 July 2017, p 27.

But this has to be seen in light of the bargain that Mr Leiman subsequently
struck with his employer in the form of the Settlement Agreement. Mr Leiman
had every opportunity to specify in the final form of the Settlement Agreement
whether the 5,652,421 shares ought to be included. They were not included in
the end. The Court is therefore not in a position to find otherwise now.

228 Given my finding that the 5,652,421 shares are not covered by the
Settlement Agreement, it is necessary to consider what rights, if any, Mr
Leiman has to these shares outside of the Settlement Agreement. These shares
were awarded to Mr Leiman under the AIP as distinct from the 2004 Share Option
Scheme. Under the Employment Agreement, Mr Leiman was bound by the terms of
the AIP. These include provisions on the consequences where an employee ceases
to be an employee during the restricted period.

229 Clause 3 of these provisions states that if, the employee changes his
status from that of an employee to that of a consultant, agent or advisor
during the restricted period, then this change will not be considered a
cessation of employment for the purposes of the AIP, provided that the change
is made with the written approval of the CEO. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

1AB, p 571.

230 Clause 5 of these provisions states that if the employee acts or engages
in conduct that is inimical or contrary to or against the interests of the
Company, then the common stock held for the employee’s account will be
forfeited. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

1AB, p 572.

231 It follows that Mr Leiman did not forfeit these shares simply because he
had changed his position to that of an advisor of NRL. The problem, however,
is cl 5. The restricted period for these shares was two years from the award
date of 4 May 2011. Given my earlier finding that Mr Leiman had engaged in
improper acts of competition (which were during the restricted period) it must
follow that he had acted in a way which was inimical to Noble’s interests such
that the forfeiture provision applies.

The 2011 Bonus

232 The plaintiffs’ pleaded case is that Mr Leiman is entitled to be
considered for and be paid the 2011 Bonus (see [51(a)(iii) above]). I note
that this plea raises two separate inquiries. First, there is the question of
whether Mr Leiman is entitled to be paid the 2011 Bonus. Second, there is the
question of his entitlement to be considered for the 2011 Bonus.

233 On the first question, the plaintiffs’ initial case was that Mr Leiman was
entitled to be paid the 2011 Bonus. This is seen in the references in their
pleadings to Mr Elman’s and Mr Rubin’s purported assurances that Mr Leiman
would receive the 2011 Bonus. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

SOC, paras 13–14.

It is quite clear, however, that the plaintiffs themselves are no longer
advancing this case. In their closing submissions, they have confined their
case on the 2011 Bonus to the complaint that Mr Leiman was not considered for
the 2011 Bonus. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

PCS, paras 524–525 and 534.

In any case, they have not been able to point to any evidence to support their
claim that Mr Elman and/or Mr Rubin had made any of those assurances. And this
is in light of both Mr Rubin’s and Mr Elman’s evidence on the stand that no
assurances were given to Mr Leiman about the 2011 Bonus. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

NOE of 26 July 2017, p 30; NOE of 4 August 2017, p 71.

234 Moreover, the alleged assurance that Mr Leiman would receive the 2011
Bonus is wholly inconsistent with the Settlement Agreement which Mr Leiman
entered into after negotiations. This is because cl 3(e) of the Settlement
Agreement only provides that Mr Leiman “shall be entitled to be considered for
a 2011 discretionary bonus by the Company which (if any) will be payable in
April 2012 [emphasis added]” (see [28] above). Clause 3(e) does not guarantee
that Mr Leiman will be paid a bonus, but only that he will be considered for a
bonus. It bears repeating that cl 10 of the Settlement Agreement sets out an
entire agreement provision. In my view, it is far more likely that if Mr Elman
or Mr Rubin had mentioned the 2011 discretionary bonus, all that was said was
that he would be considered for the discretionary bonus in the normal manner.

235 In Latham Scott v Credit Suisse First Boston [2000] 2 SLR(R) 30 (“Latham
Scott”), the Court of Appeal held (at [72]) that unless the bonus (in an
employment contract) had been expressed to be guaranteed, an employee could
not claim to be legally entitled to a bonus, the granting and quantum of which
are entirely at the discretion of the employer. Evidently, in such cases, much
will turn on the construction of the particular provision on bonus payments to
see whether the parties had intended the bonus to be guaranteed: see Leong Hin
Chuee v Citra Group Pte Ltd and others [2015] 2 SLR 603 (“Leong Hin Chuee”) at
[147].

236 In Latham Scott, the relevant provision stated that “a bonus may be paid
to you at the end of each calendar year, based on Company profitability and
your performance during the year”: at [56]. On that basis, the Court of Appeal
in Latham Scott found (at [57]) that the decision to grant a bonus was
entirely at the employer’s discretion.

237 The heart of the dispute over the 2011 Bonus is therefore about whether Mr
Leiman’s bonus was in fact considered by NGL. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

See NOE of 4 July 2017, p 41–42; NOE of 7 July 2017, p 98–99.

It is not disputed that the effect of cl 3(e) of the Settlement Agreement is
to entitle Mr Leiman to at least have his claim to a bonus be considered. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

NOE of 25 July 2017, p 99 lines 20–24.

It is also not disputed that the result may be that NGL decides not to award
any bonus at all. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

NOE of 4 July 2017, p 42.

At the very least though, NGL had to consider the question of the 2011 Bonus.

238 The plaintiffs submit that the R&O Committee – and thus, NGL – did not
even decide the 2011 Bonus (see [233] above), much less consider it rationally
or in good faith. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

PCS, para 528.

They say this because:

(a) the defendants’ own witnesses contradict one another on when the
discussion on Mr Leiman’s bonus would have taken place and the reasons for not
paying Mr Leiman the 2011 Bonus; and

(b) the defendants have not produced documents evidencing the alleged
discussions on the 2011 Bonus that were supposed to have taken place sometime
around February or March 2012. All that exist are some emails that were
exchanged in May 2012 after Mr Leiman had enquired about the 2011 Bonus, and
in which Mr Rubin and Mr Alam attempted to construct reasons for not having
paid Mr Leiman the 2011 Bonus.

239 In closing submissions, the plaintiffs cited the English High Court
decision of Rutherford v Seymour Pierce Ltd [2010] IRLR 606 (“Rutherford”) for
the proposition that where an employee had not in fact been considered for a
bonus (ie, there was simply no decision), the absence of a decision would
amount to a breach of contract. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

PCS, para 526.

That was a case where the clause on the employee’s bonus in the employment
contract provided that the employee would be “eligible to participate in the
company’s discretionary bonus scheme” and that “[a]ny bonus payments … are at
the discretion of the company”: at [7]. Clearly, the employee’s contractual
entitlement in Rutherford did not go beyond anything more than merely having
the question of his bonus considered by the company. There was certainly no
guarantee that a bonus will be paid, much less the amount that would be paid
if the employer in its discretion chose to declare a bonus. But because the
employer had failed to even consider the question of the employee’s bonus, the
court found that there was a breach of contract for which the employer was
liable to pay damages.

240 In reaching its decision, the court in Rutherford distinguished between
two types of cases in this area: at [76]. On the one hand fell cases like
Nomura (see [92] above) and Keen v Commerzbank AG [2006] EWCA Civ 1536, where
the claimant employees sought higher bonuses than those that were declared by
their employers. Whilst the employee in Nomura was awarded no bonus (ie, he
was awarded a zero bonus), the point is that at least the matter of his bonus
had been considered. Against this were cases like Horkulak v Cantor Fitzgerald
International [2005] ICR 402 (“Horkulak”) and Rutherford itself, where the
employer had not even made a decision at all about its employee’s bonus,
whether that decision was to award a lower bonus than the employee had
expected, or to award none at all.

241 The court in Rutherford stated (at [76]) that in the former class of case,
the dissatisfied employee would have to show the perversity or irrationality
of the employer’s decision to declare a bonus that was (invariably) lower in
quantum than what the claimant employee would be satisfied with. In the latter
class of case, since there was no decision at all, there could be no question
of perversity or irrationality of an existing decision to either award a bonus
or none at all. If there is an obligation on the employer to consider the
employee’s entitlement to a bonus, then the employer would have been in breach
of that obligation for not even making a decision regarding its employee’s
bonus. The court would then have to put itself in the employer’s position and
consider the employee’s possible entitlement to the bonus.

242 Additionally, if an employer is obligated to exercise its discretion to
consider the question of its employee’s bonus, then in order not to render the
contractual bonus provision otiose, when the employer does in fact exercise
its discretion, it must do so rationally and bona fide.

243 In Horkulak, the bonus provision in the employment contract stated that
the employer “may in its discretion, pay [the employee] an annual
discretionary bonus … the amount of which shall be mutually agreed by [the
employee], the chief executive of the company and the president of Cantor
Fitzgerald Ltd Partnership, [although] the final decision shall be in the sole
discretion of the President of Cantor Fitzgerald Ltd Partnership”. That
provision also stated that it was a condition precedent to the payment of the
bonus that the employee shall “exercise best endeavours to maximise the
commission revenue” and that he should still be working for the employer: see
[11]. In affirming the decision of the judge below, Potter LJ stated (at
[46]—[47]):

… the judge was correct ... to hold that the claimant was entitled, had he
remained in [the defendants’] employment, to a bona fide and rational exercise
by [the employer] of their discretion as to whether or not to pay him a bonus
and in what sum. It is correct … that the contractual discretion is drafted in
wider terms than those employed in the earlier cases. The use and positioning
of the word “may” attaches the discretion to the obligation to pay a bonus at
all rather than to the assessment of the amount payable (cf Clark v BET plc)
and it lays down no specific criterion of “individual performance” (cf Clark v
Nomura International plc) and no prima facie formula for calculation (cf
Mallone v BPB Industries Ltd) …

It is of course the position that the contract in this case leaves at large
the amount of such bonus or the rate at which it will be payable; there is no
particular formula or point of reference for its calculation. It does however,
provide for a process of attempted mutual agreement as between the employee,
the chief executive and the president prior to the making of any final
decision in the discretion of the president. This provision emphasises the
obligation of [the employer] to consider the question of payment of a bonus
(and amount) as a rational and bona fide, as opposed to an irrational and
arbitrary, exercise when taking into account such criteria as [the employer]
adopt[s] for the purpose of arriving at their decision. Failure so to construe
it would strip the bonus provision … of any contractual value or content in
respect of the employee whom it is designed to benefit and motivate. It would
fly in the face of the principles of trust and confidence which have been held
to underpin the employment relationship.

[emphasis added in bold and internal citations omitted]

244 At first blush, the test of perversity or irrationality of an employer’s
exercise of discretion (see [241] above) may seem different from the
requirement that the employer exercises its discretion rationally and bona
fide (see [243] above). But I think they are ultimately both sides of the same
coin, as evident from the quoted extract from Horkulak where Potter LJ
juxtaposed at [47] the “rational and bona fide, as opposed to [the] irrational
and arbitrary”. This is also consistent with the UK Supreme Court’s statement
in British Telecommunications at [37] that “a contractual discretion must be
exercised in good faith and not arbitrarily or capriciously”: see [112] above.

245 I pause to note that in such cases, the requirement to act rationally and
bona fide (as opposed to irrationally, arbitrarily or mala fide) is not an
application of any “good faith” doctrine as such. Whilst this is not a point
on which the parties raised submissions, I make clear that this Court is aware
that the existence of a doctrine of good faith in contract law has long been
the subject matter of dispute and discourse. For example, in Ng Giap Hon v
Westcomb Securities Pte Ltd and others [2009] 3 SLR(R) 518, the Court of
Appeal, after reviewing the approaches taken in other common law
jurisdictions, concluded at [44] that a duty of good faith could not be
implied in law into an agency agreement. On the other hand, as the learned
authors of The Law of Contract in Singapore (see [81] above) observed at para
6.074, this does not mean that a duty of good faith will never be implied in a
contract based on the particular factual matrix of the case.

246 Indeed, I would add that it is also clear that terms closely related to
the concept of good faith may be implied by law in appropriate areas. For
example, the well-known and well-established duty of fidelity that is imposed
on an employee (subject, of course, to qualification by express terms) has an
obvious affinity with the concept of good faith. Nevertheless, as Quentin Loh
J in Cheah Peng Hock v Luzhou Bio-Chem Technology Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 577 (“Cheah
Peng Hock”) observed at [45] and [46], the implied term of mutual trust and
confidence or fidelity imposed on the employee and employer should not to be
confused with a duty of good faith. As he explained, a duty of good faith was
a more far-reaching concept which might impose positive duties, fetter
parties’ freedom to contract, and even conflict with written terms.

247 I also note in passing the decision of Lionel Yee JC in Brader Daniel John
and others v Commerzbank AG [2014] 2 SLR 81 (“Brader”). In that case, the
employer had announced that a minimum guaranteed pool had been established
from which bonuses for the year 2008 would be paid out to employees. This was
followed by a letter to the plaintiffs declaring that the bonus was
provisionally awarded to them for 2008 and that the bonus would be reviewed if
there were material deviations from the employer’s earnings. Subsequently, the
employees were informed that the bonus awards had been reduced by 90% pro
rata. The plaintiffs brought an action for the balance 90% or damages. The
primary argument was that the earlier announcement amounted to a legally
binding contractual promise that there was a bonus pool with a guaranteed
minimum that would be paid out regardless of the employer’s financial
performance. The alternative argument was that the failure to pay the bonus in
full was a breach of the employer’s duty to behave in a way that preserved the
trust and confidence that an employee should have in its employer.

248 As can be seen, Brader concerned a case where the employer had declared a
bonus. The main issue was whether this had the effect of being a contractually
binding promise that could be enforced by the plaintiffs. Yee JC found that
the declaration did amount to a binding contract that the employer would pay
all or substantially all of the pool to the employees as bonus. As far as the
alternative argument was concerned, the court in Brader found that on the
facts there was no breach of the implied term of trust and confidence.

249 Whilst the facts in Brader are different from the case at hand, I note
that the High Court accepted at [110] the proposition that there is a term
implied in law that an employer shall not, without reasonable and proper
cause, conduct itself in a manner calculated and likely to destroy or
seriously damage the relationship of confidence and trust between employer and
employee. Yee JC also cited Wong Leong Wei Edward v Acclaim Insurance Brokers
Pte Ltd [2010] SGHC 352 and Cheah Peng Hock (see [246] above) in support of
this proposition (at [111] and [112]).

250 The short point is that Brader provides further support for the
proposition that where the contract provides or confers on the employer a
discretion to award bonus payments, the employee is entitled, at the very
least, to be considered by the employer for such an award. Second, whilst the
employer may well enjoy a very broad discretion in the decision reached, the
decision should be made rationally and not arbitrarily or capriciously. As was
said in Horkulak at [30], references to good faith in the context of the
contract is as a “requirement necessary to give genuine value, rather than
nominal force or mere lip-service, to the obligation of the party required or
empowered to exercise the relevant discretion”. The point is that “[w]hile, in
any such situation, the parties are likely to have conflicting interests and
the provisions of the contract effectively place the resolution of that
conflict in the hands of the party exercising the discretion, it is presumed
to be the reasonable expectation and therefore the common intention of the
parties that there should be a genuine and rational as opposed to an empty or
irrational, exercise of discretion.” Indeed, as Potter LJ stated in Horkulak
at [47], failure to read in an obligation on the part of the employer to
consider the question of an employee’s bonus rationally and bona fide may very
well “fly in the face of the principles of trust and confidence which have
been held to underpin the employment relationship”.

251 To this, I hasten to add that the requirement to act rationally and bona
fide is not to be seen as an invitation for the court to question the
employer’s decision at every turn simply because the court would reach a
different decision. In cases such as the present, the court is merely charged
with enforcing that entitlement and there is little scope for intensive
scrutiny of the decision-making process: Braganza at [57].

252 I note that in Tan Hup Thye v Refco (Singapore) Pte Ltd (in members’
voluntary liquidation) [2010] 3 SLR 1069 (“Tan Hup Thye”), Judith Prakash J
(as she then was) held that the position in Singapore is different from that
in the UK in so far as the question of an employer’s duties in exercising its
discretion to award bonuses is concerned. Prakash J took the view that whilst
the English authorities seemed to be moving in the direction of fettering an
employer’s right to exercise its discretion in this regard, the Singapore
position favoured the view that the employer’s discretion is unfettered: at
[69]–[71]. In particular, Prakash J held that she was bound by the decision of
the Court of Appeal in Latham Scott. In that case, the contract stated that a
bonus “may be paid” at the end of each calendar year based on profitability
and performance (see [236] above). The Court of Appeal held that the employee
(who had been dismissed) did not have a legal right to claim a bonus even if
he had continued to be employed. The right to a bonus was not guaranteed, and
the grant and the quantum of any bonus was held to be entirely a matter of the
employer’s discretion.

253 The High Court decision in Tan Hup Thye and the Court of Appeal decision
in Latham Scott were not, however, raised in the closing submissions of the
parties. Nevertheless, I observe that the question whether the employer might
at least be required to make the decision on a rational and non-capricious
manner was not a point specifically raised nor ultimately decided in Latham
Scott. Further, I note Tan Siong Thye J’s remarks in Leong Hin Chuee at [149]
that:

… [T]he implied term of mutual trust and confidence in employment contracts
was not argued before the court in Tan Hup Thye and since that decision, the
implied term of mutual trust and confidence has been accepted in Singapore as
an implied term in law subject to express terms stating otherwise or the
context implying otherwise (Cheah Peng Hock v Luzhou Bio-Chem Technology Ltd
[2013] 2 SLR 577 at [59]).

254 With due respect to the decision of the High Court in Tan Hup Thye and
bearing in mind the Court of Appeal’s decision in Latham Scott, I am of the
view that the question, therefore, is not only whether NGL had considered the
2011 Bonus, but whether it had considered the question rationally and bona
fide, bearing in mind that the court is not to overturn the employer’s
decision just because it disagrees with the outcome reached or the reasons
cited for the employer’s decision.

255 Having considered the plaintiffs’ submissions on this, I conclude that
their case fails on this issue. They point to Mr Alam’s evidence that the 2011
Bonus was not considered at the 1 March 2012 or the 27 March 2012 meetings of
the R&O Committee. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

PCS, para 529(a).

They also point to the fact that the R&O Committee’s deliberations on
employees’ bonuses would typically entail a significant amount of paperwork,
which shows that the R&O Committee had not considered the 2011 Bonus because
such paperwork was never adduced in evidence. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

PCS, paras 530–531.

They also relied on the discrepancies in the evidence of various of the
defendants’ witnesses concerning when the R&O Committee had considered the
2011 Bonus, as well as the reasons cited for refusing to grant the bonus.

256 But at the end of the day, the two common reasons cited for not granting
the 2011 Bonus were Noble’s poor performance in 2011 and Mr Leiman’s misdeeds.
247

##### Foot Note 247

×

AEIC of Mr Elman, para 129; AEIC of Mr Rubin, para 69; AEIC of Mr Chan, para
35.

Indeed, Mr Leiman accepted in his testimony that 2011 was when Noble posted
its first ever quarterly loss since it was listed on the Singapore Exchange.
248

##### Foot Note 248

×

NOE of 7 July 2017, pp 27–28.

And by this time, Noble must have been aware that Mr Leiman had acted in
competition against it (see [143] above).

257 Given these reasons, I find that Noble was acting bona fide and rationally
in not awarding the 2011 Bonus. In fact, I find that either of the above
reasons on its own would have stood as a reasonable ground for not awarding
the 2011 Bonus. The plaintiffs point out that Mr Rubin changed his evidence on
the stand when he stated that the decision not to award a bonus was based
solely on Noble’s poor performance and had nothing to do with Mr Leiman’s
alleged conduct. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

PCS, para 533(c).

But even then, I accept that Noble’s poor quarterly performance alone was more
than a sufficient basis for not awarding its top executives a bonus. This is
especially so given that no bonuses were awarded to Mr Harry Banga (NGL’s
executive vice-chairman at the time) (“Mr Banga”) and Mr Elman as well, which
is a fact not disputed by the plaintiffs. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

PCS, para 608.

258 The evidence supports the view that the R&O Committee had considered the
issue of the 2011 Bonus and reached a determination that no bonus would be
awarded to NGL/Noble’s top management. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

DCS, para 381.

The plaintiffs submit, however, that the fact that Mr Banga and Mr Elman were
not paid bonuses is “not a parallel” for the failure to pay Mr Leiman his
bonus. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

PCS, para 608.

Mr Elman’s situation is not a parallel because he never receives bonuses. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

PCS, para 608.

As for Mr Banga, it is not clear why the fact that he was under a “different
scheme” as far as bonuses are concerned should affect the consideration that
Noble’s poor quarterly performance ought to result in no bonuses for its top
executives. Nothing is known of what this different scheme is, save for the
fact that, in Mr Rubin’s testimony, “[Mr Banga] never got a discretionary
bonus. He had a separate deal where he did get percentages”. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

NOE of 26 July 2017, p 129.

Indeed, if even one who appears not to be under a discretionary bonus scheme
never got a bonus because of Noble’s poor quarterly performance, then I do not
see why an employee in the position of Mr Leiman, whose entitlement is to be
considered for a discretionary bonus, should be in any better a position.
Further, I note that in an e-mail dated 11 May 2012 from Mr Alam to Mr Leiman,
the only reason mentioned for not awarding the 2011 Bonus was in relation to
Mr Leiman’s alleged breaches of duties. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

6AB, p 4146; PCS, para 70.

Again, if that was the only reason, I find that it was sufficient reason for
not awarding Mr Leiman the 2011 Bonus.

259 In sum, I find that NGL had considered the question of the 2011 Bonus, and
had acted rationally and bona fide in concluding that no bonus ought to be
awarded to Mr Leiman.

The claims in conspiracy, inducement of breach of contract and unlawful
interference

260 The plaintiffs have also brought claims against the defendants alleging
conspiracy, inducement of breach of contract and unlawful interference. These
claims must, of course, be assessed in view of my earlier finding that the R&O
Committee’s decisions are valid. I will deal briefly with each of these claims
in turn.

Conspiracy

261 The elements of conspiracy were set out by the Court of Appeal in Gimpex
Ltd v Unity Holdings Business Ltd and others and another appeal [2015] 2 SLR
686 at [150], and are not in dispute:

(a) A combination of two or more persons and an agreement between and amongst
them to do certain acts.

(b) If the conspiracy involves lawful acts, then the predominant purpose of
the conspirators must be to cause damage or injury to the plaintiff. However,
if the conspiracy involves unlawful means, then such predominant intention is
not required; an intention to cause harm to the plaintiff should suffice.

(c) The acts must actually be performed in furtherance of the agreement.

(d) Damage must be suffered by the plaintiff.

The Court of Appeal further noted at [151] that “proof of conspiracy will
normally be inferred from objective facts”.

262 The plaintiffs’ case is that the defendants conspired to cause injury,
loss or damage to them by: 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

PCS, para 538.

(a) Directing or causing the [R&O] Committee to make the Decisions unfairly
and/or without due process, in bad faith, capriciously and unreasonably,
and/or irrationally;

(b) Directing, causing or otherwise manipulating the [R&O] Committee and NRL
to make unfounded allegations against Leiman, calculated to and with the
intention of interfering with the Plaintiffs’ interests in the [Shares] and
[Share Options] so as to cause loss and injury to the Plaintiffs;

(c) Acting in concert to breach the [Settlement Agreement] so as to cause loss
and injury to the Plaintiffs.

The plaintiffs then argue that the proof of conspiracy by unlawful means 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

PCS, para 585.

can be inferred from the following acts of the defendants (through Mr Elman
and Mr Alam):

(a) NGL commissioned Wolfe Associates and the PI to find potential wrongdoing
by Mr Leiman. Mr Elman and Mr Alam then took steps to delay Rothschild Trust’s
attempts to exercise the Share Options, claiming that there was a trading ban
when the real reason was that they had received information from Wolfe
Associates and the PI about Mr Leiman’s alleged misconduct and were making
arrangements to place this information before the R&O Committee. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

PCS, paras 545–558.

(b) Mr Alam sought to influence the outcome of the investigations by Wolfe
Associates by withholding relevant information, such as the fact that he knew
about Mr Carlier’s conviction and e-mails demonstrating such knowledge. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

PCS, paras 581–584.

(c) Mr Alam deliberately withheld from the plaintiffs details of the
allegations that had been made against Mr Leiman, who was not placed in a
position to respond to these allegations. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

PCS, paras 561–563.

(d) The R&O Committee made its decisions unfairly, without due process, in bad
faith, capriciously, unreasonably and/or irrationally. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

PCS, para 543(b).

In particular, it had no basis to do so when it was aware of matters relating
to Messrs Carlier and Ozeias. In the alternative, Mr Alam and Mr Elman
suppressed their knowledge about such matters from Mr Rubin and Mr Chan. 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

PCS, paras 559–560.

(e) Mr Alam, as NGL’s Group General Counsel, was present at the R&O
Committee’s meetings, advised the R&O Committee and was requested to convey
the R&O Committee’s decisions to Rothschild Trust. NRL assisted NGL in
implementing these decisions and neglected to procure the withdrawal of the
R&O Committee’s decisions despite the plaintiffs’ protests that the decisions
are invalid. 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

PCS, paras 543(d)–(e).

(f) Despite having received further information from Wolfe Associates
regarding the knowledge of Mr Nascimento and others in Noble Brazil about the
matters involving Messrs Carlier and Ozeias the R&O Committee did not convene
a further meeting. Mr Alam did not share this information or the final version
of the 2012 Wolfe Report with Mr Rubin or Mr Chan or discuss it with the R&O
Committee. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

PCS, paras 564–580.

263 The defendants’ preliminary objections are that the plaintiffs’ pleaded
conspiracy claim is devoid of particulars and that no suggestion of conspiracy
was put to the defendants’ witnesses. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

DCS, paras 346–357.

But, as the plaintiffs point out, the court had already found that there were
sufficient particulars when defendants unsuccessfully applied to strike out
the conspiracy claim for a failure to disclose a reasonable cause of action. I
also accept the plaintiffs’ argument that the existence of a conspiracy is a
legal conclusion, and it suffices that the defendants’ witnesses were asked
questions about the process by which the R&O Committee made its decisions and
on other material facts relied upon by the plaintiffs for the purposes of the
conspiracy claim. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

Plaintiffs’ reply submissions (“PRS”), paras 358–364.

264 With that said, I do not see any merit in the claim of conspiracy by
unlawful means. As I have upheld the validity of the R&O Committee’s decisions
as not being arbitrary, capricious, made in bad faith or otherwise irrational,
the plaintiffs cannot argue that any “unlawful means” were undertaken by the
defendants. The plaintiffs’ submissions do not characterise anything else as
“unlawful means”, 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

See PCS, para 585.

and in my judgment, none of the other acts complained of can conceivably
amount to an unlawful act. I have also found at [116] above that there is no
requirement for the R&O Committee to have informed Mr Leiman of the
allegations made against beforehand, or to have given him an opportunity to be
heard. I also found above that the R&O Committee’s omission to convene a
further meeting did not show that it had pre-judged the matter or otherwise
acted improperly. As such, none of these arguments can support the plaintiffs’
claim in conspiracy either.

265 Furthermore, I do not think that the defendants’ acts that are complained
of were intended to injure the plaintiffs or to cause them loss. NGL’s
engagement of Wolfe Associates and the PI was simply intended to ensure that
Noble’s interests were protected and that any breaches of contract or
detrimental acts by Mr Leiman would be discovered. Mr Elman and Mr Alam’s
actions in delaying the exercise of the Share Options was only after they had
received preliminary reports from Wolfe Associates and the PI, and it was
entirely reasonable for them to have wanted to hold off the exercise until the
R&O Committee convened to make a decision regarding Mr Leiman’s entitlements,
so as to protect the interests of Noble and its shareholders. The references
in the correspondence between Mr Alam and the members of the R&O Committee
about “play[ing] for time”, “gathering … information” and “giv[ing] him enough
rope” 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

DCS, para 361.

must be understood in that light, as well as in the context of potential legal
action against Noble. The defendants’ actions therefore do not suggest that
the defendants had an intention (much less a predominant one, which is
required to prove lawful means conspiracy) to injure the plaintiffs, only to
safeguard their own interests under the relevant contracts.

266 The only conduct that gives me pause is the fact that Noble knew about the
matters involving Messrs Carlier and Ozeias, yet Mr Elman and Mr Alam did not
inform the R&O Committee about such knowledge or the further information
arising from the interviews with Mr Nascimento and others (see [183]–[184]
above). This suggests that Mr Elman and Mr Alam were unduly eager to buttress
the case against Mr Leiman before the R&O Committee. But even if it can be
shown that the defendants had an intention to cause Mr Leiman loss, there
would have been no actual damage suffered by Mr Leiman in any event,
considering that the R&O Committee’s decisions were valid on other independent
grounds. Hence, I do not allow the plaintiffs’ claim in conspiracy.

Inducement of breach of contract

267 For the claim for inducement of breach of contract to be established,
according to the test as stated in M + W Singapore Pte Ltd v Leow Tet Sin and
another [2015] 2 SLR 271 at [88], the plaintiffs must show that:

(a) NGL knew of the Settlement Agreement between Mr Leiman and NRL and
intended for it to be breached;

(b) NGL induced the breach; and

(c) the Settlement Agreement was breached and damage was suffered.

268 It suffices for me to address this claim briefly. The plaintiffs’ case is
that NRL’s breach arises from the R&O Committee reaching its decisions
arbitrarily, capriciously, etc. 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

PCS, para 592.

As I have already rejected this allegation and found no breach by NRL in this
regard, the inducement claim cannot stand.

Unlawful interference

269 In view of my findings on the conspiracy and inducement claims, the claim
in unlawful interference can be disposed of succinctly as well. According to
the test set out in Paragon Shipping Pte Ltd v Freight Connect (S) Pte Ltd
[2014] 4 SLR 574 at [83], in order to establish a claim of causing loss by
unlawful means, which is also known as the tort of unlawful interference, the
plaintiffs must be able to show that:

(a) NGL committed an unlawful act affecting a third party;

(b) NGL acted with an intention to injure the plaintiffs; and

(c) NGL’s conduct in fact resulted in damage to the plaintiffs.

270 I have already found at [264] above that there was no unlawful act.
Moreover, NGL’s actions either were not intended to injure the plaintiffs or
did cause damage to them (see [265]–[266] above). Hence, the elements of
unlawful interference have plainly not been met.

The counterclaim

271 Finally, I turn to NRL’s counterclaim for an account and repayment of all
sums and benefits received by Mr Leiman under the Advisory Agreement and the
Settlement Agreement.

272 Paragraph 41 of the amended defence and counterclaim pleads:

It was an implied term of the Advisory Agreement that the 1st Plaintiff owed
the 1st Defendant a duty of good faith and fidelity, which he breached by his
conduct... The said term is implied as a matter of law and / or to give
business efficacy to the Advisory Agreement and the Settlement Agreement
and/or based on the legitimate and / or reasonable expectations of the parties
and/or to reflect the objective intention of the parties.

273 The breaches relied upon relate to the same conduct complained of and said
to provide the basis for the R&O Committee’s decision not to allow Mr Leiman
to exercise his Share Options and to forfeit the Shares. The essence of NRL’s
position is that Mr Leiman had, by the conduct complained of, acted to the
detriment of Noble and/or had engaged in conduct that was inimical to the
interests of Noble. The conduct complained of can, in brief, be organised into
the following categories for convenience:

(a) engaging in acts that amounted to competition with Noble whilst he was
still an advisor to NRL;

(b) approaching and soliciting senior management employees of Noble;

(c) using and/or disclosing confidential information belonging to Noble; and

(d) failing to disclose (or to disclose adequately) to Noble the issues that
had arisen in respect of Messrs Carlier and Ozeias, Eximcoop and the related
legal problems.

274 It will be recalled that the issue before this Court in respect of the
plaintiffs’ claim was whether the defendants were able to show that the R&O
Committee had acted properly in exercising the contractual power to deny the
exercise of the Share Options and to forfeit the Shares on the basis that Mr
Leiman had acted to the detriment of Noble. I note that, strictly speaking,
the R&O Committee was not making a decision as a matter of law that Mr Leiman
had breached the non-competition obligation, the duty of confidence and duty
of fidelity. Instead what was being decided by the R&O Committee was whether
Mr Leiman had acted to the detriment of Noble or engaged in conduct inimical
to the interests of Noble, even though the matters of concern before the R&O
Committee concerned acts of competition and so on.

275 It follows that the Court, in evaluating whether the R&O Committee
decision was valid, was not deciding as such whether Mr Leiman had breached
his contractual duty of fidelity, non-compete obligations, etc. Whilst his
contractual duties were of course relevant to the parameters of the enquiry,
the key issue was simply whether the R&O Committee had acted properly (ie, not
arbitrarily, in bad faith or in a capricious manner) in coming to the
decisions it did.

276 On the facts, I found that there was a proper basis for the R&O
Committee’s decisions viz the evidence and material showing that Mr Leiman had
engaged in acts of competition which exceeded mere preparatory steps. Further,
I found in any case that the R&O Committee had further grounds in that Mr
Leiman had made unauthorised use of Noble’s confidential information in the
course of his acts of competition, even though the R&O Committee did not
expressly rely on this.

277 For the avoidance of doubt, I make clear that I find that Mr Leiman was
indeed in breach of his duty of fidelity and the contractual non-compete
provisions discussed earlier. Further, I find that Mr Leiman was in breach of
his duty not to misuse the confidential information of Noble in his approaches
to Summa Capital and BTG Pactual: see [163]–[164] above.

278 The question that now arises for the counterclaim is whether NRL succeeds
in its prayer for certain monetary relief.

279 NRL’s case is that Mr Leiman is liable to account for and repay the
following sums: 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

DCS, para 409.

(a) US$262,500, being the retainer fee that was paid to him under the Advisory
Agreement; and

(b) the six months’ base salary as notice period payment under cl 2 of the
Settlement Agreement.

280 I pause to note that NRL in its closing submissions does not pursue any
claim to damages for misuse of the confidential information, or indeed for any
losses said to have been caused by Mr Leiman’s breaches such as any losses
said to arise from the alleged breach of duty in his hiring of Messrs Carlier
and Ozeias. Nevertheless, for completeness, I add that it does not appear that
any specific loss was caused by the misuse of the confidential information:
see [170] above. Further, there is no evidence at all before the Court as to
what losses if any were caused to NRL as a result of Mr Leiman’s acts of
competition whilst he was still an advisor of NRL.

281 NRL submits that an implied term or implied warranty exists in the
Settlement Agreement and the Advisory Agreement that Mr Leiman had complied
with his duties under the Employment Agreement. Its position is that it only
entered into these agreements on the premise that Mr Leiman had complied with
all the terms of the Employment Agreement. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

DCS, paras 407–408.

However, Mr Leiman had in fact instead been in breach of his duty of fidelity
and/or fiduciary duties given his failure to disclose to or warn Noble
adequately or at all of the problems relating to Messrs Carlier and Ozeias,
etc.

282 I am unable to agree with NRL’s submissions. Whilst in hindsight it may
have been desirable for NRL to have required such a warranty in the Settlement
Agreement and Advisory Agreement, I do not see how the implication of such a
term or warranty is “obvious” or necessary to give business efficacy to the
agreements. Mr Leiman had been employed by NRL since 31 March 2006. During the
course of his employment Mr Leiman had evidently performed well enough that he
was chosen to be the new CEO of NGL on 1 January 2010. By this time, it will
be recalled that Noble had already received the 2008 Wolfe Memo which
indicated problems or issues concerning Messrs Carlier and Ozeias. Noble has
internal legal counsel, human resource department managers and so on, and have
engaged investigators before. They are clearly aware of the importance of
conducting their own due diligence enquiries when engaging senior management
level staff including the COO. It is also clear that Mr Elman as Chairman and
former CEO was, as he described in his own words, “intimately involved” in the
running of Noble even up until the time of the trial, 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

NOE of 3 August 2017, pp 5–7; see also NOE of 7 July 2017, p 68.

and he was a hands-on Chairman who ensured that he had direct lines of
communication to his senior management staff. 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

NOE of 6 July 2017, pp 50–51.

For example, the Employment Agreement stated that Mr Leiman would report to
and be subject to the direction of Mr Elman in the latter’s capacity as CEO
(see [12(a)] above).

283 It will be recalled that at the time the Settlement Agreement and the
Advisory Agreement were being discussed, serious disputes had arisen between
Mr Leiman and Mr Elman over management and other matters. Mr Elman was unhappy
with Mr Leiman’s conduct or performance as CEO (a position to which the latter
had only relatively recently been appointed). In these circumstances, I find
there is no implied term or warranty that Mr Leiman had complied with his
duties under the Employment Agreement.

284 It follows that the counterclaim for return of the sums that Mr Leiman
received under the Settlement Agreement and the Advisory Agreement must fail.
It is not NRL’s case that there has been total failure of consideration, and
in any case it would be hard to see any basis for such an assertion. Whilst
there was some suggestion that Mr Leiman did not perform adequately as an
advisor in that he submitted very little by way of reports, 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

AEIC of Mr Alam, paras 86–90.

there is no claim made against Mr Leiman for breach or repudiation on that
account. Instead, the claim for return of the sums paid to Mr Leiman appears
to be founded simply on the submission that if NRL had known that Mr Leiman
had breached his duties under the Employment Agreement, NRL would never have
entered into the subsequent Settlement Agreement and Advisory Agreement and/or
would have terminated his employment on the grounds of breach of warranty. 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

DCS, para 408.

With respect, this is a submission I am unable to accept.

Conclusion

285 Given the numerous issues raised by the pleadings and submissions, I set
out a summary of the main findings:

(a) The locus standi issue. I find that Mr Leiman does have locus standi to
bring this suit for breach of the Settlement Agreement and the Advisory
Agreement. I also find that Rothschild Trust has locus standi to bring this
suit as NRL had agreed that the Adelaide Trust was entitled under the AIP and
the Share Option Rules to the Shares and the Share Options.

(b) The pleading issue. I find that the plaintiffs’ omission to expressly
plead that the R&O Committee is an agent of NRL and/or NGL does not make their
cause of action invalid.

(c) The issue of whether the R&O Committee reached a final determination. I
find that the R&O Committee did in fact reach a final determination under the
Settlement Agreement.

(d) Whether the R&O Committee decisions were valid. I find that the decisions
were validly made for the reasons that were extensively set out earlier. These
include the evidence and material relating to Mr Leiman’s engaging in acts of
competition against the interests of Noble as well as misuse of confidential
information.

(e) Whether cl 3(c) of the Settlement Agreement is void as a penalty. I find
that the clause is not void as a penalty.

(f) The 5,652,421 shares not expressly mentioned in the Settlement Agreement.
I find that these shares are not covered by the Settlement Agreement. The R&O
Committee had a proper basis for forfeiting these shares under cl 5 of the
AIP.

(g) The 2011 Bonus. I find that there was no breach by NRL in respect of the
2011 Bonus. The issue of the 2011 Bonus had been discussed and the decision
reached was that none of the senior management would receive a bonus for 2011
because of the poor performance of NGL. Further, in the case of Mr Leiman,
there were the problems arising from the perceived acts of competition, etc.

(h) The economic torts. I find that the claims for conspiracy, inducing breach
of contract and unlawful interference fail.

(i) NRL’s counterclaim. Whilst I find that Mr Leiman is in breach of his non-
competition obligations and his duty of fidelity, there is no basis for NRL’s
claim to repayment of the retainer fee that was paid to Mr Leiman under the
Advisory Agreement and the six months’ base salary as notice period payment
under cl 2 of the Settlement Agreement.

286 For these reasons, I dismiss both the plaintiffs’ claim and NRL’s
counterclaim.

Costs

287 Finally, I turn to the issue of costs. It is a well-established principle
that costs are generally to follow the event: O 59 r 3(1) of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed). Order 59 r 6A then provides that “where a
party has failed to establish any claim or issue which he has raised in any
proceedings, and has thereby unnecessarily or unreasonably protracted, or
added to the costs or complexity of those proceedings, the Court may order
that the costs of that party shall not be allowed in whole or in part”.

288 Further, I note that in a situation where both the claim and the
counterclaim are dismissed, the court will look to whether the subject matter
of the counterclaim was identical to or part of the defence. This will
determine whether there should be a substantial costs paid by the defendant in
relation to the counterclaim or an apportionment of the costs: Mok Kwong Yue v
Ding Leng Kong [2012] 1 SLR 737, citing Medway Oil and Storage Co Ltd v
Continental Contractors Ltd and others [1929] 1 AC 88.

289 Whilst the defendants have substantially succeeded in defending the
plaintiffs’ claim, they did not succeed on all of the issues and points
raised. In particular, I note that the defendants led an extensive amount of
evidence relating to Eximcoop and Messrs Carlier and Ozeias, and their cross-
examination of the plaintiffs’ witnesses on this issue took up a considerable
amount of time at the trial (totalling several days). As I found at [190]
above, Mr Leiman’s prior conduct in relation to Messrs Carlier and Ozeias was
not a valid ground upon which the R&O Committee could have determined that he
had acted in a way detrimental to Noble’s interests.

290 I also note that the counterclaim was dismissed. Although NRL chose to
abandon its prayers for an account and repayment of all payments received by
Mr Leiman from the date of his breaches of fiduciary and contractual duties
and the profits he received from the sale of NGL shares that had been given to
him over the years, this was only communicated to the plaintiffs and the Court
during closing submissions: see [53] above. I accept that the counterclaim in
large part related to the issues in the main claim and evidence regarding Mr
Leiman’s conduct and entitlements, but the focus in the main claim was on the
evidence before the R&O Committee (to determine whether it had a valid basis
to find that Mr Leiman had acted to Noble’s detriment) whilst evidence of Mr
Leiman’s conduct subsequent to the R&O Committee’s decisions was more relevant
for the purposes of the counterclaim (to determine whether he had in fact
breached his contractual and fiduciary duties). I am cognisant of the fact
that the counterclaim was brought by NRL alone (having locus standi as Mr
Leiman’s formal employer and a party to the relevant agreements), but I see no
reason to split hairs by making distinct orders as to costs for each of the
defendants given their relationship and unified conduct in these proceedings.

291 Having considered the overall conduct and outcome of these proceedings, I
am of the view that the defendants should be allowed to recover costs from the
plaintiffs, but not in full.

292 I, therefore, order the plaintiffs to pay two-thirds of the defendants’
costs in these proceedings. The quantum of the defendants’ costs in these
proceedings is to be agreed upon or taxed.

George Wei  
Judge

Andre Francis Maniam SC, Liew Yik Wee, Sim Mei Ling, Joel Quek and Jeremy Tan
(WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiffs;  
Davinder Singh SC, Jaikanth Shankar, Tan Ruoyu and Srruthi Ilankathir (Drew &
Napier LLC, instructed) and Kenetth Pereira and Jeremy Bay (Aldgate Chambers
LLC) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

