Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 13

Suit No 331 of 2013  
(Summons No 2275 of 2017)

Between

| GRANDE CORPORATION PTE LTD  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(2)| CUBIX GROUP PTE LTD  
---|---  
(3)| TOH WEE PING BENJAMIN  
(4)| GOH BEE HEONG  
(5)| CUBIX AND KOSMIC PTE LTD  
(6)| AXXIS GROUP PTE LTD  
(7)| AXXIS INTERNATIONAL PTE LTD  
(8)| AXXIS PTE LTD  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil procedure] — [striking out]

[Civil procedure] — [discovery of documents]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Grande Corp Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Cubix International Pte Ltd and others

[2018] SGHC 13

High Court — Suit No 331 of 2013 (Summons No 2275 of 2017)  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
19 October 2017

19 January 2018

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 Summons no 2275 of 2017 is the plaintiff’s application to have the defences
of the third, fourth, sixth, seventh and eighth defendants struck out, and for
judgment to be entered in favour of the plaintiff. The striking-out is sought
on the grounds that these defendants have been in contumelious breach of their
discovery obligations and have breached an unless order, and that a fair trial
is no longer possible.

The underlying dispute

Relationship between the parties

2 The plaintiff is Grande Corporation Pte Ltd (“the plaintiff”), a Singapore-
incorporated investment holding company. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), para 1.

3 The first defendant is Cubix International Pte Ltd (“Cubix International”),
a Singapore-incorporated company in the business of providing business and
management consultancy services, and art and graphic design services. On 1
February 2017, the plaintiff discontinued the claim against it. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Notice of discontinuance/withdrawal dated 1 February 2017.

The second defendant is Cubix Group Pte Ltd (“Cubix Group”), a Singapore-
incorporated investment holding company. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), paras 2–3.

4 The third defendant is Toh Wee Ping Benjamin (“Ben”). Ben is the sole
director and shareholder of Cubix International. He is also the sole director
and a 95% shareholder of Cubix Group. The fourth defendant is Goh Bee Heong
(“Bee”), who holds 5% of the shares in Cubix Group. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), paras 2–3.

5 The fifth defendant is Cubix and Kosmic Pte Ltd (“C&K”). C&K was
incorporated in March 2007 as a joint venture between the plaintiff and Cubix
Group, to carry out the business of developing, producing, distributing and
exploiting film, television, digital and interactive media. The plaintiff and
Cubix Group each held one share out of a total of two shares in C&K. Ben was
the sole director of C&K. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), para 5.

The plaintiff and Cubix Group entered into a joint venture agreement (“the JV
Agreement”) on 18 July 2007 to govern the terms of their joint venture. By the
terms of the JV Agreement, the plaintiff and Cubix Group undertook not to
solicit or entice away any business or custom from any customer or partner of
C&K, and not to engage in any business in direct competition with C&K’s
business (“the non-competition obligations”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), para 14.

6 As part of the joint venture between the plaintiff and Cubix Group, the
plaintiff claims that between 25 April 2007 and 28 January 2008, it
transferred to C&K sums totalling S$291,288.00 and US$458,000 as contributions
to, and/or loans for, the operating expenses of C&K. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), para 16.

The first, third and fourth defendants disagree that these sums were
transferred to C&K as “loans” and characterise these sums as “capital
contributions” instead. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defence (Amendment No 2), para 20.

I will refer to these sums as “funding”.

7 The sixth, seventh, and eighth defendants are AXXIS Group Pte Ltd (“AXXIS
Group”), AXXIS International Pte Ltd (“AXXIS International”) and AXXIS Pte Ltd
respectively. They will collectively be referred to as “the AXXIS Companies”.
Ben and Bee incorporated the AXXIS Companies in February 2008, and are both
directors and equal shareholders in each of the AXXIS Companies. The plaintiff
claims that the AXXIS Companies were established for the very same aims and
objectives for which C&K was established, and are involved in the same
business activities.

The plaintiff’s claim and the defendants’ defence

8 The plaintiff claims that the funding, business, clientele, projects and
staff of C&K were wrongfully transferred or diverted to the AXXIS Companies.
The plaintiff pleads the following causes of action (among others) against the
various defendants:

(a) Cubix Group owed fiduciary duties and duties of good faith and fidelity to
the plaintiff. These included the obligation to use funds that were extended
by the plaintiff to C&K for their intended purpose, a duty to act in the best
interests of the plaintiff, and a duty not to defeat the intention and purpose
of the joint venture. Cubix Group breached these duties by using and
transferring funding, business, clientele, projects and staff that were
intended for C&K to the AXXIS Companies. Cubix Group also breached its non-
competition obligations under the JV Agreement. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), para 19.

(b) Ben and Bee personally breached their fiduciary duties and duties of good
faith and fidelity which they owed to the plaintiff “as joint venture
partners”. They breached those duties by using and diverting the funding,
business, clientele, projects and staff that were intended for C&K towards the
AXXIS Companies. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), paras 19A–19B.

Ben and Bee are also liable to account to the plaintiff for any profits
derived from such breaches. The plaintiff also claims that Ben and Bee
breached s 340 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) by conducting the
business of C&K with the intention to defraud the plaintiff as its “sole or
main creditor”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), para 20.

The plaintiff also claims against Ben and Bee in dishonest assistance. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), para 30.

(c) Leading up to the entering of the JV Agreement, Cubix Group, Ben and Bee
fraudulently or recklessly made misrepresentations to the plaintiff, including
misrepresentations that Cubix Group would match any funding contributions that
the plaintiff made to C&K, that any funding which the plaintiff contributed to
C&K would be used for the business and expenses of C&K only, and that these
contributions (which the plaintiff describes as “loans”) would be repayable by
C&K on the plaintiff’s demand. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), paras 21–23.

(d) The AXXIS Companies are in knowing receipt of any profits or benefits
derived from the wrongful use of C&K’s funding, and the transfer of any
business, clientele and/or staff of C&K. Further, the corporate veil of the
AXXIS Companies should be lifted and Ben and Bee should be made jointly and
severally liable for all claims by the plaintiff. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), paras 26–27.

(e) The AXXIS Companies, Cubix Group, Ben and Bee are liable in conspiracy
because they conspired together to defraud the plaintiff by causing the
plaintiff to enter into the JV Agreement and to transfer the funding to C&K.
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), para 29.

9 On 14 June 2013, Cubix International, Cubix Group, Ben, Bee and the AXXIS
Companies jointly filed a defence. However, on 20 March 2014, Cubix Group, C&K
and the AXXIS Companies filed notices of intention to act in person. I note
that it is technically impossible for these defendants to act in person, since
under O 12 r 1(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of
Court”), a defendant to an action begun by writ which is a body corporate may
only defend the action through a solicitor. Further, none of these defendants
have applied for leave for their officers to act on their behalf. Since filing
these notices of intention to act in person, Cubix Group, C&K and the AXXIS
Companies have not taken any further steps in these proceedings. They also did
not appear at the hearing of the present application. This is an issue to
which I shall return later.

10 On 15 May 2014, Cubix International, Ben and Bee (collectively, “the
Represented Defendants”) filed an amended defence, which was subsequently
amended again on 18 April 2016. By their defence (as amended), the Represented
Defendants plead as follows:

(a) The intention to incorporate the AXXIS Companies was made known to, and
agreed to by the plaintiff. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defence (Amendment No 2), para 5.

The AXXIS Companies were set up as special purpose vehicles in order to
receive certain sums raised in connection with a project called the “Singapore
Media Hub and Animation Studio project”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defence (Amendment No 2), para 7.

(b) Ben and Bee never wrongfully used the moneys provided by the plaintiff to
C&K, or transferred any business, clientele or employees of C&K to the AXXIS
Companies. The moneys provided by the plaintiff to C&K were used solely and
specifically for C&K and its principal project, an animation known as
“Fabulous Fat Fish”. At all material times, the staff and management of C&K
were also working on Fabulous Fat Fish. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defence (Amendment No 2), para 8.

(c) Ben and Bee were not in the position of joint venturers vis-à-vis- the
plaintiff as they were never party to the JV Agreement.

The relevant procedural history

11 In this summons, the plaintiff seeks to strike out the defences of Ben, Bee
and the AXXIS Companies broadly on the basis that these parties have breached
their discovery obligations and certain court orders. As I shall elaborate on
later, the particular breaches which the plaintiff relies on relate to three
separate categories of documents. I shall first set out an overview of the key
events in the procedural timeline leading up to this application, before I
discuss the detailed chronology relating to each category of documents.

Overview

The plaintiff’s requests for specific discovery

12 After the plaintiff commenced its claim on 15 April 2013, the defendants
entered appearances from 22 April 2013 to 27 April 2013. They were all
represented by solicitors at the time. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Bee’s Memorandum of Appearance, 22 April 2013; Memorandum of Appearance for
Cubix Group, C&K, and the AXXIS Companies, 24 April 2013; Ben’s Memorandum of
Appearance, 27 April 2013.

Since 7 April 2014, the Represented Defendants have been represented by the
same set of solicitors, Messrs MG Chambers LLC (“MG Chambers”).

13 On 18 November 2014, the plaintiff’s solicitors, Messrs Characterist LLC
(“Characterist”), sent MG Chambers a letter (“the 18 November 2014 Letter”)
requesting specific discovery of several categories of documents set out in an
annex. One of the classes of documents requested was the “AXXIS Documents”.
These included the following: 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, pp 133–136.

(a) All bank account statements of the AXXIS Companies (“Item 1(2)”).

(b) All annual financial statements of the AXXIS Companies (including but not
limited to the balance sheets of the AXXIS Companies) (“Item 1(3)”).

(c) All documents evidencing or summarising the costs and expenses incurred
and revenue generated or received by the AXXIS Companies in respect of the
production, distribution and reproduction of each and every project (“Item
1(5)”).

14 On 24 December 2014, MG Chambers responded via a letter to Characterist,
which stated as follows: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, pp 167–169.

Our clients instruct that they are only able to locate the documents listed in
Items 1(2), 1(3) and 1(5) from 2010 onwards. Our clients instruct that the
documents prior to 2010 were thrown away sometime in the first quarter of this
year when the AXXIS companies became dormant. [emphasis added]

15 Subsequently, several letters were exchanged between Characterist and MG
Chambers. In gist, the plaintiff took the position that the documents it had
requested were relevant and necessary, and that it was within the Represented
Defendants’ power to obtain those documents by enquiring with the banks and
the accountants of the AXXIS Companies. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, pp 174–179.

MG Chambers said that the Represented Defendants would “endeavour to make the
necessary enquiries”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, pp 181–182.

On 25 March 2015, the Represented Defendants disclosed some documents falling
within Item 1(2) – specifically, AXXIS International’s bank statements from
HSBC bank for the months of April 2008 to December 2008. It did not, however,
disclose any other documents in Items 1(2), 1(3) and 1(5).

The plaintiff’s application for specific discovery

16 On 6 April 2015, the plaintiff took out Summons no 1531 of 2015 for
specific discovery of several categories of documents, including documents in
Items 1(2), 1(3) and 1(5) (“the SD Application”). The SD Application was heard
by assistant registrar Melissa Mak (“AR Mak”) on 13 July 2015. AR Mak granted
the plaintiff an order for specific discovery in respect of, inter alia, the
Item 1(2) documents for the period of 2008–2009, the Item 1(3) documents for
the period of 2008–2009, and the Item 1(5) documents (“the SD Order”). AR
Mak’s order was subsequently amended on 31 August 2016 (“the Amended SD
Order”) to correct certain “clerical mistakes and/or errors arising from
accidental slip or omission”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

1st Affidavit of Law Shiwei Jenna, 29 June 2016, para 4.

I reproduce the material portions of the Amended SD Order:

It is ordered that:

1\. [The Represented Defendants] do by 21 August 2015, 4pm, file and serve on
[the plaintiff] a List of Documents and an Affidavit verifying the following
documents … which are or have been in the possession, custody or power of [the
Represented Defendants], and insofar as they are no longer in their
possession, custody or power, explaining when and how they parted with the
said documents and what has become of them (if such document(s) have at any
time been but are no longer in their possession, custody or power):

…

b. Category 1(2): All bank account statements of the AXXIS Companies for the
period of 2008 to 2009. Further, [the Represented Defendants] are to file an
affidavit as to their possession, custody and/or power of the said bank
account statements and explaining why [AXXIS International’s HSBC bank
statements for April to December 2008] only emerged later;

c. Category 1(3): All annual financial statements of the AXXIS Companies
(including management accounts, including but not limited to the balance
sheets of the AXXIS Companies), if there are no audited financial accounts)
(sic) for the period of 2008 to 2009. In the alternative, [the Represented
Defendants] to file and [sic] affidavit to state that such documents are not
within their possession, custody and/or control and the reasons why;

d. Category 1(5): All documents, including but not limited to invoices,
receipts, payment slips, summary sheet(s), list(s), etc, evidencing or
summarizing the costs / expenses incurred and revenue generated or received by
the AXXIS Companies (including all contracts entered into with external
parties) in respect of the production, distribution and reproduction of each
and every project. In the alternative, [the Represented Defendants] to file an
affidavit to state that such documents are not within their possession,
custody and/or control and the reasons why;

…

I shall refer to the various categories of documents according to the terms
used in the Amended SD Order.

17 On 3 September 2015, the Represented Defendants filed a list of documents,
purportedly in compliance with the SD Order (“the Third LOD”).

The First Unless Order Application

18 On 6 September 2016, the plaintiff took out summons no 4362 of 2016,
seeking an order that Ben and Bee comply with the Amended SD Order and provide
discovery of the Category 1(2) and 1(5) documents within seven days, failing
which their defence be struck out (“the First Unless Order Application”). On
23 September 2016, the Represented Defendants filed a list of documents (“the
Fourth LOD”) by which they provided discovery of the remaining Category 1(2)
documents and some Category 1(5) documents.

19 The First Unless Order Application was heard by assistant registrar Lim Sai
Nei (“AR Lim”) on 21 November 2016. She ordered, inter alia, that: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

7th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 8 June 2017, pp 22–23.

(a) Ben and Bee were to explain why the Category 1(2) documents had emerged
late, and, if they had only obtained the documents after making enquiries with
HSBC bank, they were to explain why the enquiries to HSBC bank were not made
earlier. This was to be done within 14 days, failing which Ben and Bee’s
defences were to be struck out and interlocutory judgment entered in favour of
the plaintiff.

(b) Ben and Bee were to produce the Category 1(5) documents for the AXXIS
Companies’ projects prior to 18 December 2009 within 14 days, failing which
Ben and Bee’s defences were to be struck out and interlocutory judgment
entered in favour of the plaintiff.

The date for compliance with this order (“the Unless Order”) was 5 December
2016. I note for completeness that AR Lim also made certain orders in relation
to another category of documents, “Category 5”, which orders were successfully
appealed against by the plaintiff. However, the Category 5 documents are not
the subject of the present application. AR Lim’s orders in relation to the
Category 1(2) and 1(5) documents are undisturbed.

The Second Unless Order Application

20 On 8 February 2017, the plaintiff took out summons no 569 of 2017 seeking
an order that Ben and Bee comply with the Amended SD Order and provide
discovery of the Category 1(3) documents within seven days, failing which
their defence be struck out (“the Second Unless Order Application”). On 6
March 2017, the Represented Defendants filed another list of documents (“the
Fifth LOD”) disclosing certain Category 1(3) documents. On 7 April 2017, the
plaintiff wrote to court to withdraw the Second Unless Order Application. The
letter stated as follows:

The [plaintiff] had initially applied for the Unless Order to compel the
Represented Defendants to disclose the category of documents listed in order
1(c) of [the Amended SD Order]. As it appears that the Represented Defendants
have now complied with the terms of the Unless Order, we therefore write to
withdraw the Unless Order with costs of $800 (all-in) to be paid by the
Represented Defendants to the [plaintiff]…

The present striking out application

21 On 18 May 2017, the plaintiff filed the present application, summons no
2275 of 2017, to have Ben, Bee and the AXXIS Companies’ defences struck out.
At a hearing before me on 8 August 2017 (“the 8 August Hearing”), counsel for
the plaintiff Mr Dominic Chan highlighted that the Represented Defendants
have, at various junctures, claimed that they did not have certain documents
in their possession because they were allegedly destroyed by a bookkeeper
known as “Ms Khoo”. I ordered the Represented Defendants to file an affidavit
by the person who caused the AXXIS documents in Categories 1(2), 1(3) and 1(5)
to be destroyed or otherwise disposed of, setting out the reasons, date and
manner in which the disposal took place. On 28 August 2017 and 29 August 2017,
Ben and Bee filed affidavits purportedly in compliance with my orders given on
8 August 2017. I will discuss these affidavits in greater detail later in this
judgment.

22 To summarise, the following table sets out a timeline of the significant
stages in the procedural history leading up to this striking out application.
I also include in this table the key letters and affidavits which the
Represented Defendants have written or filed in connection with the
plaintiff’s various applications. I will frequently be referring to these
letters and affidavits in the following sections of this judgment.

Date| Event| Represented Defendants’ letter or affidavit  
---|---|---  
The request for specific discovery  
18 Nov 2014| Characterist requests discovery of the documents in Categories
1(2), 1(3) and 1(5) through the 18 November 2014 Letter.| MG Chambers responds
by letter dated 24 December 2014 (“the 24 December 2014 Letter”).  
The application for specific discovery  
6 Apr 2015| The plaintiff files the SD Application.| Ben affirms an affidavit
dated 25 May 2015 to resist the SD Application (“Ben’s sixth Affidavit”).  
13 Jul 2015| AR Mak issues the SD Order.In purported compliance with the SD
Order, the Represented Defendants file the Third LOD on 3 September 2015.| Ben
affirms an affidavit dated 3 September 2015 to verify the Third LOD (“the
Affidavit Verifying the Third LOD”).  
The First Unless Order Application  
6 Sept 2016| The plaintiff files the First Unless Order Application in respect
of the Category 1(2) and Category 1(5) documents.The Represented Defendants
file the Fourth LOD on 23 September 2016.| Ben affirms an affidavit dated 23
September 2016 which includes the Fourth LOD (“Ben’s tenth Affidavit”).  
21 Nov 2016| AR Lim issues the Unless Order.| Ben affirms an affidavit dated 2
December 2016 in purported compliance with the Unless Order (“Ben’s eleventh
Affidavit”).  
The Second Unless Order Application  
8 Feb 2017| The plaintiff files the Second Unless Order Application in respect
of the Category 1(3) documents.The Represented Defendants file the Fifth LOD
on 6 March 2017.The plaintiff writes to Court to withdraw the Second Unless
Order Application on 7 April 2017.| MG Chambers writes a letter to
Characterist dated 1 March 2017 (“the 1 March 2017 Letter”).Ben affirms an
affidavit dated 6 March 2017 to verify the Fifth LOD (“Ben’s Affidavit
Verifying the Fifth LOD”).  
The striking out application  
18 May 2017| The plaintiff files the present striking out application.| Ben
affirms an affidavit dated 30 May 2017 to resist the striking out application
(“Ben’s fifteenth Affidavit”).  
8 Aug 2017| I order the Represented Defendants to file an affidavit sworn or
affirmed by the person who caused the documents in Categories 1(2), 1(3) and
1(5) to be destroyed or disposed of.| Ben affirms an affidavit dated 28 August
2017 (“Ben’s seventeenth Affidavit”) and Bee affirms an affidavit dated 29
August 2017 (“Bee’s second Affidavit”) in purported compliance with my orders.  
  
Having set out an overview of the procedural history leading up to this
striking out application, I now turn to a more detailed chronology of the
exchanges between the parties and the positions taken with respect to each
category of documents. I shall first deal with Categories 1(2) and 1(5) which
were the subject of the First Unless Order Application, before I address
Category 1(3), which was the subject of the Second Unless Order Application.

Category 1(2)

23 It will be recalled that the Category 1(2) documents are bank account
statements of the AXXIS Companies for the period of 2008 to 2009.

24 After the plaintiff initiated the request for specific discovery in the 18
November 2014 Letter, MG Chambers stated in the 24 December 2014 Letter that
the Represented Defendants had “thrown away” these documents for the years
prior to 2010 sometime in the “first quarter of this year”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, p 167.

In response, the plaintiff insisted that the Represented Defendants could
obtain the statements by making enquiries with the banks (see [15] above).

25 The Represented Defendants wrote to HSBC on 16 March 2015 to request only
for AXXIS International’s bank statements for 2008. On 25 March 2015, the
Represented Defendants disclosed AXXIS International’s bank statements for
April to December 2008.

26 After the plaintiff filed the SD Application, Ben filed his sixth Affidavit
to resist the SD Application on 25 May 2015, in which he explained that “the
Represented Defendants obtained the HSBC bank statements for that particular
period ie, 2008 for reasons described in the section above”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, p 279, para 26(c).

It appears that the “section above” refers to an earlier portion of Ben’s
sixth Affidavit in which he had stated: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, p 276, para 20.

…the time frame relevant to the discovery of documents should relate to the
time when the AXXIS Companies were incorporated, i.e. in 2008. I am advised
and verily believe that the documents relating to the years after
incorporation are merely indirectly relevant to the Plaintiffs’ case against
the Represented Defendants and are not necessary for the purpose of disposing
of the matter fairly and/or saving costs. [emphasis in original]

27 After AR Mak issued the SD Order on 13 July 2015, the Represented
Defendants filed the Third LOD on 3 September 2015. In Ben’s Affidavit
Verifying the Third LOD, he stated as follows: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, p 337, para 4(b).

Category 1(2): When the AXXIS Companies closed its office on or around
December 2012, the other bank statements were disposed of by the bookkeeper,
one Ms Khoo. Ms Khoo wanted to minimise warehousing costs and made the error
of disposing these documents. Therefore, bank statements for years other than
2011 are no longer in the Represented Defendants’ possession, custody or
control.

28 I note that at this stage, the Represented Defendants had already requested
and successfully obtained AXXIS International’s bank statements for April to
December 2008 from HSBC in March 2015 (see [25] above). That raises the
question of why they did not also do the same in respect of the other AXXIS
Companies’ bank statements that they claimed were no longer in their
possession, custody or control, even after AR Mak had issued the SD Order.

29 On 19 August 2016, Characterist wrote to MG Chambers complaining that the
Represented Defendants had not disclosed any further Category 1(2) documents.
In their reply dated 25 August 2016, MG Chambers stated: “Our clients instruct
that AXXIS Pte Ltd and [AXXIS Group] were dormant companies with no
substantive business. Therefore there are no bank account statements for these
companies.” [emphasis added]. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, pp 376–377.

Yet on 19 September 2016, about two weeks after the plaintiff filed the First
Unless Order Application, the Represented Defendants wrote to HSBC to request
bank statements for all of the AXXIS Companies for the year of 2009. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, p 676.

Indeed, when the Represented Defendants filed the Fourth LOD on 23 September
2016, they disclosed HSBC bank statements for AXXIS Group for the period of
May 2008 to December 2009. This suggests that the Represented Defendants were,
at best, careless, or at worst, dishonest when they instructed MG Chambers
that there were no bank account statements for AXXIS Pte Ltd and AXXIS Group
as stated in their letter of 25 August 2016.

30 In the Fourth LOD, the Represented Defendants also disclosed AXXIS
International’s HSBC bank statements for the year 2009.

31 On 21 November 2016, AR Lim issued the First Unless Order, which required
Ben and Bee to explain why certain Category 1(2) documents had “only emerged
later”, and “why the enquiries to HSBC bank were not made any earlier”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

7th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 8 June 2017, p 23, para 1.

Ben’s eleventh Affidavit which was purportedly filed in compliance with the
Unless Order proffered the following explanation: 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, p 416.

4\. With regards [sic] to why the HSBC bank documents only emerged later, I
already explained in my affidavit dated 25 May [2015] (at paragraph [26]) that
the Represented Defendants did not have possession of these documents for the
period prior to 2010, and the HSBC bank statements were obtained after making
enquiries with HSBC.

…

c. Since the bank statements prior to 2010 were no longer in the Represented
Defendants actual possession, requests had to be made to HSBC. …

d. Further, I am advised and verily believed that the Plaintiff’s solicitors
letter 18 November 2014 was the first request for the bank statements of the
AXXIS Companies. ...

e. Therefore, the HSBC bank statements could not be disclosed earlier since
the Represented Defendants did not have actual possession, and had to request
copies from HSBC.

Whether or not this explanation amounted to “compliance” with the Unless Order
is a point that I will return to later in this judgment.

32 On 30 May 2017, about two weeks after the plaintiff had filed the present
striking out application, Ben affirmed his fifteenth Affidavit, in which he
again attempted to explain the Represented Defendants’ delay in disclosing the
Category 1(2) documents: 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

15th Affidavit of Toh Wee Ping Benjamin, 30 May 2017, para 8(b).

i. We only made the enquiries in 2016 as we were focused on the striking out
of part of the Plaintiff’s claim (in relation to the USD 900,000) and the
subsequent amendments to the Statement of Claim.

ii. Also, we had mistakenly thought that we had given copies of the 2009 bank
statements to our solicitors, and we then made the enquiries after confirming
that they did not have such copies. This resulted in the 2009 bank statements
being disclosed only in the [Fourth LOD] filed on 23 September 2016.

33 After I directed the Represented Defendants to file an affidavit by the
person who caused the AXXIS documents in Categories 1(2), 1(3) and 1(5) to be
destroyed or disposed of, Ben filed his seventeenth Affidavit on 28 August
2017, and Bee filed her second Affidavit on 29 August 2017. Ben’s 17th
Affidavit stated as follows: 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

17th Affidavit of Toh Wee Ping Benjamin, 28 August 2017, paras 6–7.

6\. My statements in my past affidavits were based on my limited memory of the
events, without checking with any other persons or contemporaneous documents.
I also made certain assumptions based on my limited knowledge of the
administration and operation of the [AXXIS] Companies, but I am not sure if
these assumptions are true.

7\. …

b. The [AXXIS] Companies had a policy of discarding documents which were not
needed for income tax reporting purposes. Bee will elaborate as she instituted
this policy, and was in charge of determining which documents were not
necessary and therefore could be thrown away.

8\. I actually cannot recall

a. When the [AXXIS] documents were thrown away;

b. Who threw them way; and

c. If the AXXIS documents were simply thrown away, destroyed in any particular
matter or lost.

34 Ben also stated that he had contacted a former employee of the AXXIS
Companies, Ms Khoo Chok Theng (“Ms Khoo”), by phone. According to Ben, Ms Khoo
told him that she had been serving her notice period “shortly before the lease
for the [AXXIS] Companies’ premises expired”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

17th Affidavit of Toh Wee Ping Benjamin, 28 August 2017, para 9(a).

According to Ben’s version of events, this would have been some time shortly
before 31 July 2012. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

17th Affidavit of Toh Wee Ping Benjamin, 28 August 2017, para 7(a).

Ben also stated that Ms Khoo had denied destroying any documents which were “5
or more years old”. Ben had requested that she make herself available for an
interview with MG Chambers and to affirm an affidavit. However, she had
ignored his attempts to contact her since 21 August 2017.

35 Ben’s seventeenth Affidavit stated that Bee would “elaborate” on his own
statements, because she had instituted the policy of throwing away documents
not needed for income tax reporting purposes, “and was in charge of
determining which documents were not necessary and therefore could be thrown
away”. However, in Bee’s second Affidavit she stated that she “cannot recall
who actually threw away or destroyed the [AXXIS] documents for 2008 and 2009,
or if [she] had instructed any of the [AXXIS] Companies’ staff to shred the
documents” [emphasis added]. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

2nd Affidavit of Goh Bee Heong, 29 August 2017, para 4(c).

36 Having set out the above sequence of events relating to the Category 1(2)
documents, I now turn to Category 1(5).

Category 1(5)

37 The Category 1(5) documents are those evidencing or summarising the costs,
expenses and revenue of the AXXIS Companies in relation to the production,
distribution and reproduction of its projects.

38 As with the Category 1(2) documents, Characterist requested discovery of
the Category 1(5) documents in the 18 November 2014 Letter. MG Chambers
replied via the 24 December 2014 Letter, stating that these documents had been
thrown away in the first quarter of 2014. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, p 167.

However, on 5 January 2015, MG Chambers sent Characterist a letter and
provided discovery of the Category 1(5) documents for the year 2010 and
onwards. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, pp 171 and 252.

The plaintiff was however dissatisfied that no Category 1(5) documents had
been provided for the years prior to 2010.

39 After the plaintiff filed the SD Application on 27 April 2015, Ben filed
his sixth Affidavit in which he averred that disclosure of the Category 1(5)
documents was unnecessary. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, pp 280–281.

He also stated that “the Represented Defendants are no longer in possession,
custody and power of the requested [Category 1(5)] documents within the
timeframe in question ie, 2008”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, p 282.

Ben re-iterated this same position when he filed his Affidavit Verifying the
Third LOD on 3 September 2015, purportedly in compliance with AR Mak’s SD
Order: 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, p 337.

Category 1(5): The Represented Defendants do not have [the Category 1(5)
documents] in their possession, custody or control, as these items in respect
of each and every project done by the AXXIS Companies do not exist anymore.
All other remaining and relevant documents relating to the AXXIS Companies
have been disclosed. [emphasis added]

40 Notwithstanding the above position, about two weeks after the plaintiff had
filed the First Unless Order Application on 6 September 2015, the Represented
Defendants filed the Fourth LOD, which included 134 items falling within
Category 1(5) including payment vouchers and invoices. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, p 395.

The vast majority of these documents, however, were dated from 2010 onwards,
save for one document, an “Invoice from Steven LeClair”, dated 18 December
2009. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, p 399.

41 At the hearing of the First Unless Order Application on 21 November 2016,
counsel for the Represented Defendants, Mr Ng Boon Gan, informed the court
that he had “no instructions as to whether there are further [Category 1(5)]
documents”. When AR Lim queried whether there were other documents dated
before 18 December 2009, Mr Ng stated that the Category 1(5) documents the
Represented Defendants had disclosed thus far “were the documents provided
after reasonable efforts”, and “if further efforts are required, [he would]
need to take [his] client’s instructions.” 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, p 410.

AR Lim was evidently satisfied that there were other Category 1(5) documents
dated before 18 December 2009, since she remarked that in respect of Category
1(5), “what is missing is the documents for the projects (including ledgers)
prior to 18 December 2009”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, p 411.

Under the terms of the First Unless Order, she directed that Ben and Bee were
to produce these “missing” documents dated before 18 December 2009 within 14
days, failing which their defences would be struck out. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

ORC 3484/2017.

42 In purported compliance with the First Unless Order, Ben filed his eleventh
Affidavit on 21 December 2016, in which he stated as follows:

There are no other documents in this category and within the Represented
Defendants possession, custody and control, as they were thrown away for the
same reasons stated at paragraphs [4(a)] and [4(b)] above.

This was a reference to an earlier portion of the eleventh Affidavit in which
Ben stated that, in order to reduce storage costs, when the AXXIS Companies
became dormant in 2014, documents before 2010 were discarded as they were not
required for accounting purposes. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, p 415.

43 A further exchange between the parties concerning the Category 1(5)
documents occurred between April and May 2017. To provide some context, in or
around April 2017, the Represented Defendants disclosed to the plaintiff some
unaudited general ledgers falling within Category 1(3). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Minute Sheet for Pre-Trial Conference before Senior Assistant Registrar
Christopher Tan Pheng Wee, 12 April 2017.

Seeing that these unaudited general ledgers revealed certain transactions
between the AXXIS Companies and other entities, the plaintiff took the view
that it was entitled to further discovery of Category 1(5) documents relating
to those transactions. However, after Characterist wrote to MG Chambers on 19
April 2017 to request such further discovery, MG Chambers replied on 3 May
2017, essentially reiterating its position that the Represented Defendants had
already fully complied with their obligations to disclose the Category1(5)
documents.

44 The plaintiff filed the present striking out application on 18 May 2017.
Ben filed his fifteenth Affidavit on 30 May 2017 to resist the striking out.
Before I discuss the contents of this affidavit, I should explain that when
Ben filed his Affidavit Verifying the Third LOD in September 2015, he had
alluded to the existence of an old computer (“the Old Computer”) which
possibly contained documents under Category 1(3): 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, p 337.

Category 1(3): The 4th Defendant is in possession of an old computer that may
or may not contain soft copies of the documents under this category. The files
can only be opened by an outdated, off-the-market version of an accounting
software called “Peachtree”. The Represented Defendants are in the process of
retrieving the data contained on said computer and will endeavour to produce
the management accounts and internal balance sheets upon successful retrieval.

45 Up until Ben’s fifteenth Affidavit was filed on 30 May 2017, the
Represented Defendants had only mentioned the possibility that the Old
Computer contained Category 1(3) documents. The plaintiff therefore says the
Represented Defendants took a “completely new position” when Ben stated the
following in his fifteenth Affidavit: 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

15th Affidavit of Toh Wee Ping Benjamin, 30 May 2017, para 8(d).

d. With regards (sic) to Category 1(5),

i. The only possible source of documents, which may fall within this category,
and is still in our possession, custody or control is the CPU containing the
Peachtree documents.

…

ii. The CPU has not been accessed by either of us since the [AXXIS] Companies
went dormant and it was put in storage. …

iii. I am advised and verily believe that there was a risk, if we took the
initiative to extract the Peachtree documents, that the Plaintiff’s solicitors
could raise the issue of the documents not being authentic. This was the
reason why the suggestions for the Plaintiff to appoint an expert, and later
to appoint a joint expert, in order to access the CPU, were made.

iv. We then had no choice but to start up the CPU when the plaintiff took out
[the present striking out application]. That is when we discovered that the
CPU had a copy of the Peachtree software.

v. I now disclose a copy of the directory listing of the Peachtree folder, in
order to show the Plaintiff that we are not hiding any documents that might
fall into Category 1(5). As to why this was not provided earlier, I am advised
and verily believe that the Plaintiff’s solicitors did not agree to an
electronic discovery process, and also did not conduct inspection of the CPU.

46 What is clear is that while the Represented Defendants had previously
suggested that only Category 1(3) documents were possibly stored on the Old
Computer, that position appears to have been arrived at without the
Represented Defendants ever having started up the Old Computer.

47 While Ben’s fifteenth Affidavit states that the directory listing of the
Peachtree folder (“the Peachtree Directory”) “show[s] … that [the Represented
Defendants] are not hiding any documents that might fall into Category 1(5)”,
the plaintiff takes the view that the Peachtree Directory does disclose
documents which may fall into Category 1(5). 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

7th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 8 June 2017, para 25; Plaintiff’s skeletal
submissions for Summons 2275/2017, para 46.

This is on the basis that the directory listing includes files such as “Aged
Payables v9.rpt”, “Aged Receivables v9.rpt”, “Customer Balance Graph v9.rpt”,
“Customer Detail List v9.rpt”, “Customer Sales by Item v9.rpt” and “Customer
Sales by Month v9.rpt”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions for Summons 2275/2017, para 46.

48 As I have mentioned at [33]–[35] above, Ben’s seventeenth Affidavit filed
on 28 August 2017 revealed that he had made the previous statements in his
affidavits without being able to recall whether the documents requested by the
plaintiff were actually thrown away, when they were thrown away, and who threw
them away. Bee also was unable to recall if she had ordered the destruction of
the requested documents, and if so, who had disposed of or destroyed the
requested documents. These facts are worth noting with respect to Category
1(5), since the Represented Defendants had initially taken the position that
the Category 1(5) documents had been destroyed or disposed of (see [38] and
[42] above).

Category 1(3)

49 The Category 1(3) documents are the annual financial statements of the
AXXIS Companies for the period of 2008 to 2009. As with Categories 1(2) and
1(5), the plaintiff requested discovery of these documents in the 18 November
2014 Letter, and the Represented Defendants stated in their reply of 24
December 2014 that documents in this category prior to 2010 had been “thrown
away sometime in the first quarter of [2014] when the [AXXIS] Companies became
dormant”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, p 167.

50 On 24 March 2015, the Represented Defendants filed a supplementary list of
documents in which they disclosed the corporate secretarial documents of the
AXXIS Companies from the time of their incorporation to 2013. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, p 280.

This evidently did not satisfy the plaintiff who nevertheless proceeded to
include the Category 1(3) documents in the SD Application which they filed on
27 April 2015.

51 After AR Mak issued the SD Order (which included the Category 1(3)
documents), the Represented Defendants filed the Third LOD on 3 September
2015, which list included a balance sheet for AXXIS Pte Ltd dated 31 December
2008, and balance sheets for AXXIS Group, AXXIS International and AXXIS Pte
Ltd dated 31 December 2009. However, the plaintiff complains, and the
Represented Defendants do not appear to dispute, that the actual documents
produced were only the fourth pages of each of these balance sheets. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions for Summons 2275/2017, para 62; 15th
Affidavit of Toh Wee Ping Benjamin, 30 May 2017, para 8(h)(i).

52 It should also be noted that in Ben’s Affidavit Verifying the Third LOD, he
did not explain how the Represented Defendants had managed to obtain these
documents despite their earlier statement in the 24 December 2014 Letter that
the Category 1(3) documents had been disposed of or destroyed.

53 As alluded to earlier, it was also in Ben’s Affidavit Verifying the Third
LOD that he first mentioned the Old Computer which “may or may not contain
copies of documents under [Category 1(3)]” (see [44] above). Notwithstanding
Ben’s statement that the Represented Defendants were “in the process of
retrieving the data contained on [the Old Computer]” and would “endeavour to
produce the management accounts and internal balance sheets upon successful
retrieval”, no further Category 1(3) documents were disclosed until the
Represented Defendants filed their Fifth LOD (see [55] below). As mentioned at
[45] above, in December 2016, the Represented Defendants stated that they
wanted the plaintiff to appoint, and bear the cost of appointing, an expert
who would be able to gain access to the contents of the Old Computer. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, p 431.

The plaintiff took a different view and the parties were unable to agree.

54 On 8 February 2017, the plaintiff filed the Second Unless Order Application
in respect of the Category 1(3) documents. On 1 March 2017, the Represented
Defendants wrote to the Plaintiff, stating as follows:

Our clients instruct that they have obtained the password for the Peachtree
software on the hard drive, and the documents falling under [Category 1(3)]
are now accessible despite being stored in a proprietary format.

55 Subsequently, on 6 March 2017, the Represented Defendants filed the Fifth
LOD, by which they provided discovery of the remaining Category 1(3)
documents. That same day, Ben affirmed the Affidavit Verifying the Fifth LOD,
in which he stated: 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, p 481.

The documents in the [Fifth LOD] are disclosed at this time because they were
contained in a hard drive and were stored in a format which can only be read
by the Peachtree software. The hard drive contained a copy of the Peachtree
software, but was password-protected. We only obtained the password from a
former employee on 28 February 2017, which then allowed us to access and
disclose the documents.

56 In letters to MG Chambers dated 19 April 2017 and 2 May 2017, Characterist
stated that the Represented Defendants had “yet to explain who was their
mysterious and unnamed “employee” who suddenly provided the password for the
Peachtree program”. The plaintiff also remarked on the “impeccable timing” of
the “employee” coming forward only after the plaintiff had filed the Second
Unless Order Application. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, pp 489, 494.

MG Chambers did not, however, respond to these portions of the letters from
Characterist.

57 The plaintiff wrote to court on 7 April 2017 to withdraw the Second Unless
Order Application on the basis that it “appeared” that the Represented
Defendants had now provided discovery of the Category 1(3) documents (see [20]
above). However, I note that in the written submissions for this application,
the plaintiff maintains that it has only been given disclosure of the AXXIS
Companies’ unaudited general ledgers, whereas it believes that audited
financial statements and accounts are still being suppressed. The plaintiff
also highlights that it has only been given p 4 of the balance sheets, which
indicates that there are many more pages which the Represented Defendants are
withholding. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions for Summons 2275/2017, para 63.

58 Again, since the Represented Defendants initially took the position that
the Category 1(3) documents had been destroyed or disposed of, it is relevant
to note Ben’s latest position in his seventeenth Affidavit that that he had
made the statements in his previous affidavits without being able to recall
whether the documents requested by the plaintiff were thrown away, when they
were thrown away, and who threw them away.

Inconsistencies in the Represented Defendants’ position

59 Before I discuss the parties’ arguments, I pause to summarise the
significant inconsistencies and variations in the Represented Defendants’
position with regard to the AXXIS documents.

60 First, the Represented Defendants have taken shifting positions regarding
when, and by whom the documents were destroyed. In the 24 December 2014
Letter, it was said that the documents in Categories 1(2), 1(3) and 1(5) were
destroyed “in the first quarter of this year when the AXXIS Companies became
dormant” [emphasis added]. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, p 166.

This must refer to 2014, since that is both (a) the year during which the 24
December 2014 Letter was sent, and (b) the year when the Represented
Defendants themselves say the AXXIS Companies became dormant. However, Ben’s
Affidavit verifying the Third LOD suggests that the destruction of documents
(or at least those in Category 1(2)) occurred in or around December 2012, when
the AXXIS Companies closed their office premises (see [27] above).

61 Secondly, the Represented Defendants have taken shifting positions
regarding who was responsible for the destruction of the AXXIS documents.
Ben’s Affidavit Verifying the Third LOD stated that the Category 1(2)
documents “were disposed of by the bookkeeper, one Ms Khoo” (see [27] above).
Yet Ben’s seventeenth Affidavit suggests that Ms Khoo was already “serving her
notice period” sometime shortly before July 2012 (see [34] above), five months
before December 2012, which is the earliest of the dates on which the
Represented Defendants variously claim the Category 1(2) documents were
destroyed. Finally, in Ben’s seventeenth Affidavit and Bee’s second Affidavit,
Ben and Bee admit that they simply cannot recall who threw the AXXIS documents
away.

62 Thirdly, the Represented Defendants have taken shifting positions regarding
whether some of the documents even existed to begin with. With respect to
Category 1(2), the Represented Defendants stated in a letter on 25 August 2016
that there were simply “no statements” for AXXIS Pte Ltd and AXXIS Group.
However, in their Fourth LOD, the Represented Defendants did disclose bank
statements for AXXIS Group for the period of May 2008 to December 2009.

63 Fourthly, the Represented Defendants have taken inconsistent positions
regarding whether they had any undisclosed AXXIS documents remaining in their
possession, custody or control. For example, in the Affidavit Verifying the
Third LOD dated 3 September 2015, Ben stated that the Represented Defendants
had no more Category 1(5) documents in their possession, custody or control,
and whatever Category 1(5) documents there were had already been disclosed
(see [39] above). However, on 6 September 2015, after the plaintiff had filed
the First Unless Order Application, the Represented Defendants suddenly gave
disclosure of 134 items under Category 1(5). Then, at the hearing of the First
Unless Order Application on 21 November 2016, counsel for the Represented
Defendants stated that the Category 1(5) documents that had been disclosed so
far were those obtained by “reasonable efforts”, and that he had “no
instructions” about whether there were any others yet to be disclosed.

64 At the broadest level, the most significant shift in the Represented
Defendants’ position is that they initially gave the impression that Ben and
Bee actually knew what became of the AXXIS documents, but much later revealed
that this was not the case at all. In the 24 December 2014 Letter, the
Represented Defendants refused disclosure on the basis that the documents in
categories 1(2), 1(3) and 1(5) had been thrown away. Then, in successive
affidavits, Ben spoke in considerable detail about when, by whom, and for what
reason they were disposed of or destroyed. These statements were made in no
uncertain terms. None contained the slightest indication that Ben was unsure
of what had happened to the AXXIS documents, or that he was speaking based on
his “limited memory”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

17th Affidavit of Toh Wee Ping Benjamin, 28 August 2017, para 6.

Yet in August 2017, Ben conceded in his seventeenth Affidavit that he cannot
recall when and by whom the documents were thrown away. In fact, he revealed
that he cannot even recall whether they were thrown away or destroyed at all,
or simply lost. Even Bee, whom Ben said was responsible for deciding which
documents were unnecessary and could be disposed of, cannot recall whether she
instructed any staff to dispose of the documents.

The parties’ submissions

The plaintiff’s submissions

65 The plaintiff argues that Ben, Bee and the AXXIS Companies’ defences should
be struck out on three grounds. First, a fair trial is no longer possible
because the Represented Defendants have destroyed core or essential documents:
64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions for Summons 2275/2017, paras 16–28.

(a) The Category 1(5) documents are essential because they would reveal the
name of the projects undertaken by the AXXIS Companies, which would allow the
court to determine whether projects intended to be carried out by C&K were in
fact carried out by the AXXIS Companies. The Category 1(5) documents would
also reveal the resources used by the AXXIS Companies to generate revenue for
themselves, and whether such resources are traceable to C&K. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions for Summons 2275/2017, paras 20–22.

(b) The Category 1(3) documents are essential because they would show “what
the AXXIS Companies were all about, and what they did”, including the AXXIS
Companies’ revenue, costs and expenses, what assets they held, what
liabilities they owed. This would all go towards establishing whether the
AXXIS Companies had misused the resources of C&K. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions for Summons 2275/2017, para 24.

The plaintiff says that the Represented Defendants’ deficiencies in discovery
“simply cannot be remedied” and that a fair trial is “objectively not
possible”. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions for Summons 2275/2017, para 27.

66 Secondly, the plaintiff argues that the defences of Ben, Bee and the AXXIS
Companies ought to be struck out because the Represented Defendants have
breached the Unless Order, and have not proven that such breach was
unintentional or a result of extraneous circumstances. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions for Summons 2275/2017, para 29.

In this regard, the plaintiff highlights that AR Lim must have granted the
Unless Order on the basis that the Represented Defendants had further Category
1(5) documents in their possession. Otherwise she would not have remarked that
the Category 1(5) documents for the period prior to 18 December 2009 were
“missing”, and would not have ordered the Represented Defendants to produce
Category 1(5) documents for that period. In view of this, the plaintiff says
that the Represented Defendants were not entitled to simply repeat their
position in Ben’s eleventh Affidavit that no further Category 1(5) documents
were in their possession, custody and control because they had been “thrown
away”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions for Summons 2275/2017, paras 35–40.

The plaintiff further argues that if the Represented Defendants had truly
disposed of the Category 1(5) documents for 2008 and 2009, such disposal was
“deliberate and selective, to prevent the [plaintiff] from having access to
such core and essential documents.” 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions for Summons 2275/2017, para 40.

The plaintiff also submits that the Represented Defendants have breached the
Unless Order because the Peachtree Directory discloses further documents
falling under both Category 1(3) and Category 1(5), but the Represented
Defendants had failed to disclose such documents until Ben filed the Affidavit
Verifying the Fifth LOD on 6 March 2017. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions for Summons 2275/2017, para 46.

67 The plaintiff also argues that the Represented Defendants breached the
Unless Order not only with regard to the Category 1(5) documents but also with
regard to Category 1(2). AR Lim had ordered that the Represented Defendants
were to “explain why the HSBC bank documents had only emerged later”, and to
“explain why the enquiries to HSBC bank were not made any earlier”. However,
the explanation given in Ben’s eleventh Affidavit “completely misse[d] the
point and is irrelevant and mischievous”. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions for Summons 2275/2017, para 55.

On this basis, the plaintiff says that the Represented Defendants failed to
comply with the Unless Order.

68 Thirdly, the plaintiff argues that Ben, Bee and the AXXIS Companies’
defences should be struck out because the Represented Defendants are in
contumelious breach of their discovery obligations. In this regard, the
plaintiff says that the Represented Defendants have shown a pattern of making
only “incomplete” disclosure of the documents in each category, taking
inconsistent and changing positions, lying about the existence of documents,
and acting to disclose documents only when they are forced to do so by the
plaintiff’s applications for specific discovery and unless orders. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions for Summons 2275/2017, paras 62–79.

Ben and Bee’s submissions

69 Although the plaintiff is also seeking to strike out the defences of the
AXXIS Companies, as I have mentioned (see [9] above), only Ben and Bee were
represented at the hearing of this application.

70 Ben and Bee argue that the plaintiff is attempting to avoid a full trial of
the issues in the main action because there are gaps and “obvious loopholes”
in the plaintiff’s case which would be exposed if the matter proceeded to a
full trial. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

3rd and 4th Defendants’ written submissions for Summons 2275/2017, para 6.

They argue that there are “issues which ought to be tried”, including whether
there were any transfers of money from C&K to the AXXIS Companies, and whether
the Represented Defendants owe fiduciary duties to the plaintiff. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

3rd and 4th Defendants’ written submissions for Summons 2275/2017, para 7.

It should be noted that a large part of Ben and Bee’s arguments are focused on
the merits of the plaintiff’s claim. Their written submissions descend into
the details of whether the plaintiff has adduced sufficient evidence to
support various aspects of its claim, and point out “flaws” in the plaintiff’s
case. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

3rd and 4th Defendants’ written submissions for Summons 2275/2017, paras 7 and
14.

71 Ben and Bee also deny that the Represented Defendants have intentionally
destroyed any documents, and re-iterate their previous explanations that any
documents which had been destroyed were destroyed “to reduce warehousing costs
and for accounting reasons”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

3rd and 4th Defendants’ written submissions for Summons 2275/2017, para 11.

72 Ben and Bee further argue that a fair trial remains possible. While the
plaintiff has complained that the Represented Defendants have not explained
the facts behind the delayed disclosure of the Category 1(2) documents, these
are merely “background facts”. The plaintiff has not demonstrated that it
cannot have a fair trial without knowing the reasons behind the delayed
disclosure of the Category 1(2) documents, or without knowing the identity of
the employee who provided the password to the Peachtree documents. In Ben and
Bee’s words, “These are not issues that have been pleaded or will be tried,
and they only arose tangentially out of ongoing discovery proceedings”. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

3rd and 4th Defendants’ written submissions for Summons 2275/2017, para 20.

It would be disproportionate to strike out their defences “for the late
disclosure of background facts, as these background facts are not required for
a fair trial of the issues in the action.” [emphasis added]. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

3rd and 4th Defendants’ written submissions for Summons 2275/2017, paras
18–20.

73 Finally, with regard to the plaintiff’s allegation that the Represented
Defendants have provided incomplete disclosure of the Category 1(3) documents,
Ben and Bee argue that this position is “untenable”. While the plaintiff
claims that the Represented Defendants must have selectively disclosed only
the fourth page of each of the balance sheets for the AXXIS Companies (see
[51] above), this argument “is simply non-sequitur, since the essential part
of the balance sheets, being assets and liabilities, are displayed in
documents already disclosed.” 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

3rd and 4th Defendants’ written submissions for Summons 2275/2017, para 17.

The issues

74 The plaintiff has relied on three separate arguments to found its attempt
to strike out the defences of Ben, Bee and the AXXIS Companies: that a fair
trial is no longer possible, that there has been a breach of the Unless Order,
and that Ben, Bee and the AXXIS Companies are in contumelious breach of their
discovery obligations. It should be noted, however, that these are not
distinct arguments and there is considerable overlap between some of them. In
particular, the considerations relevant to whether the defendants are in
“contumelious” or “inexcusable” breach of their discovery obligations are
equally relevant to whether their breach of the Unless Order (if any) warrants
a striking out of the defence. Similarly whether Ben and Bee have breached the
Unless Order is relevant to whether the defendants are in “contumelious” or
“inexcusable” breach of their discovery obligations. I therefore propose to
discuss these two arguments together, and will structure my decision according
to the following issues:

(a) Whether Ben, Bee and the AXXIS Companies’ defences should be struck out on
the basis that a fair trial is no longer possible.

(b) Whether Ben, Bee and the AXXIS Companies’ defences should be struck out on
the basis that Ben, Bee and the AXXIS Companies have inexcusably breached
their discovery obligations. Within this issue I shall discuss whether Ben and
Bee’s breach of the Unless Order (if any) warrants the striking out remedy
sought by the plaintiff.

Applicable law

75 The court’s power to strike out a defence or action for failure to make
discovery of documents is enshrined in O 24 r 16(1) of the Rules of Court
(“ROC”), which provides:

Failure to comply with requirement for discovery, etc

16\. – (1) If any party who is required by any Rule in this Order, or by any
order made thereunder, to make discovery of documents or to produce any
document for the purpose of inspection of any other purpose, fails to comply
with any provision of the Rules in this Order, or with any order made
thereunder, or both, as the case may be, then, without prejudice to Rule
11(1), in the case of a failure to comply with any such provision, the Court
may make such order as it thinks just including, in particular, an order that
the action be dismissed, or as the case may be, an order that the defence be
struck out and judgment be entered accordingly.

[emphasis added in italics]

76 It is well established that the classic case for striking out an action
under O 24 r 16 of the ROC is where there is a real or substantial risk that a
fair trial will no longer be possible as a result of the failure to provide
discovery (Mitora Pte Ltd v Agritrade International (Pte) Ltd [2013] 3 SLR
1179 (“Mitora”) at [48], citing Singapore Civil Procedure 2013 vol 1 (G P
Selvam eds) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2013) at para 24/16/1). It is also clear,
however, that the impossibility of a fair trial is neither a determinative
factor nor a pre-requisite for striking out, and that a court may order a
striking out even if a fair trial is still possible (K Solutions Pte Ltd v
National University of Singapore [2009] SGHC 143 (“K Solutions”) at [126]).
However, the Court of Appeal in Mitora (at [48]) stated that this would take
place in “exceptional circumstances”, where the breach is “inexcusable” (at
[47]).

77 In deciding whether there are such “exceptional circumstances” justifying a
striking out, the court is entitled to look at all the circumstances (Mitora
at [48]). The cases have commonly used terms such as “contumelious” and
“contumacious” to express the idea that something beyond ordinary procedural
default is required (see for example, Alliance Management SA v Pendleton Lane
P [2008] 4 SLR(R) 1 (“Alliance Management”) at [6] and K Solutions at [112],
citing Landauer Ltd v Comins & Co The Times (7 August 1991)). It is not the
law, however, that wilful disobedience is required. Even a failure to comply
with court orders “through negligence, incompetence, or sheer indolence” may
justify striking out, as noted by the Court of Appeal in Mitora at [40],
endorsing the remarks of Auld LJ in Hytec Information Systems Ltd v Coventry
City Council [1997] 1 WLR 1666 at 1677.

78 The courts draw a distinction between breaches of simple orders for
discovery, and breaches of unless orders which specify the consequences of
failure to comply (see Singapore Civil Procedure 2017, Vol 1 (Foo Chee Hock
gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2017) at para 24/16/3). The breach of an unless
order is more likely to be regarded as “contumelious” conduct (Von Roll Asia
Pte Ltd v Goh Boon Gay and others [2015] 3 SLR 1115 (“Von Roll Asia”) at
[49]). Once an unless order is breached, the onus is on the defaulting party
to demonstrate that the breach was not intentional and contumelious so as to
avoid the specified consequences (Mitora at [35]).

79 However, even where there has been an intentional, contumelious breach of
an unless order, the court must determine what sanction should be imposed as a
result (Mitora at [37]). The Court of Appeal in Mitora stressed the importance
of proportionality and judiciousness in deciding whether to enforce an unless
order according to its strict terms (at [39]).

80 In exercising the discretion under O 24 r 16 of the Rules of Court, the
factors which the courts have taken into account include the following:

(a) Whether a fair trial remains possible, which may include an inquiry into
whether the defaulting party’s conduct shows that they are unlikely to pursue
their claim honestly and fairly if the action is not struck out (Lee Chang
Rung at [34]).

(b) Whether the defaulting party’s delay has caused any “irremediable
prejudice” to the other parties to the litigation (Mitora at [41]).

(c) Whether there has been any deliberate suppression of highly relevant
documents (Lee Chang-Rung v Standard Chartered Bank [2011] 1 SLR 337 (“Lee
Chang-Rung”) at [35]).

(d) Whether the defaulting party’s conduct demonstrates a total disregard of
the Rules of Court or orders of court (Alliance Management at [9]). Factors
relevant to this inquiry include whether the defaulting party has shown that
it has taken any reasonable positive efforts to locate or obtain the documents
which it is required to disclose (Von Roll Asia at [52]), and whether the
defaulting party has shown an “unrepentant attitude” (Lee Chang-Rung at [35]).
Where an unless order requires a party to file a list of documents and an
accompanying affirmation, that party’s claim or action may be struck out if
the list is “wilfully defective” and displays no evidence of conscientious
effort to give proper discovery (see Singapore Civil Procedure 2017, Vol 1
(Foo Chee Hock gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2017) at para 24/16/1, citing Ka Wah
Bank Ltd v Low Chung-song [1989] 1 HKLR 451, CA).

(e) Whether the delay or default was due to any extraneous circumstances
(Mitora at [41]).

81 It is also worth noting that a failure to disclose need not be continuing
before it is capable of attracting a remedial response from the courts. A
court may strike out an action or defence even where the defaulting party has
rectified his non-compliance (Mitora at [47], citing Tan Kok Ing v Ang Boon
Aik [2002] SGHC 215 at [30]).

82 Finally, a litigant cannot obtain the remedy of a striking out under O 24 r
16 by raising a “formalistic declaration” that the allegedly defaulting party
has provided inadequate disclosure. So, in Mitora, the Court of Appeal held
that the Appellant’s action ought not to have been struck out despite the
Respondent’s contention that the Appellant had provided inadequate disclosure,
because the requested documents appeared not to exist, and in any event, an
“adequate substitute had been disclosed in their stead” (Mitora at [25]).

My decision

Whether the defences should be struck out on the basis that a fair trial is no
longer possible

83 As mentioned, the courts will strike out a defence or action where a
failure to comply with the rules on discovery has created a real risk that a
fair trial will not be possible (Mitora at [48]). The underlying reason for
this is that in such circumstances “any judgment in favour of the offender
[would be] unsafe” (Logicrose Ltd v Southend United Football Club Ltd The
Times (5 March 1988) (“Logicrose”), as endorsed in K Solutions at [111]).

84 Landauer Ltd v Comins & Co The Times (7 August 1991) (“Landauer”) provides
an example of a situation where a claim was struck out on the ground that
there was a real risk that a fair trial would be impossible as a result of a
breach of discovery obligations. The plaintiff in that case was the parent
company of three subsidiaries. The plaintiff and its subsidiaries engaged the
defendants to act as its auditors. The plaintiff alleged that it was its
policy to protect itself and its subsidiaries against foreign currency
fluctuations by buying or selling forward. Its claim was that the defendants
had on two occasions failed to draw the plaintiff’s attention to the existence
of substantial uncovered liabilities in US dollars, which in turn led to the
plaintiff failing to take measures to avoid substantial losses. An essential
element of the plaintiff’s case was that it was wholly unaware of its foreign
currency exposure. The defendants argued that the plaintiff’s managing
director, a Mr Axford, knew or should have known of the fact and extent of the
plaintiff’s foreign currency exposure. Lloyd LJ, who delivered the judgment of
the English Court of Appeal, noted that Mr Axford’s state of knowledge would
be “of critical importance” to the plaintiff’s claim.

85 The plaintiff was ordered to furnish discovery of, inter alia, “files
containing documentation prepared by the management of the subsidiaries and of
[the plaintiff] in connection with the accounts and trading figures insofar as
the same relates to dollar transactions” for a specific period between 1981
and 1985. However, it transpired that Mr Axford had destroyed certain
documents circulated in connection with management and board meetings of the
plaintiff and the subsidiaries (“management files”). The judge below struck
out the plaintiff’s claim on the basis that Mr Axford’s destruction of the
management files had created a real risk that a fair trial was no longer
possible.

86 The English Court of Appeal upheld the decision to strike out the
plaintiff’s claim. Lloyd LJ noted that based on the available evidence, it was
clear that Mr Axford’s management files would contain the types of documents
which would be “directly relevant to the question of foreign currency exposure
and the steps taken to cover that exposure”. These were also the types of
documents “which could prove vital in cross-examination of the plaintiff’s
witnesses on the all-important question of their knowledge”. Without those
documents, there was a real risk that a fair trial was no longer possible.

87 Landauer was a case concerning the destruction of relevant documents. As I
alluded to at [80(a)] above, there are also cases in which the withholding of
relevant documents has led to a similar conclusion that a fair trial may not
be possible. For example, in Lee Chang-Rung, Tay Yong Kwang J noted that the
plaintiffs’ “deliberate suppression of highly relevant documents”, their
“selective disclosures” and “hide and seek strategy” disclosed a “serious
risk” that a fair trial would not be possible because there was no indication
that the plaintiffs would pursue their claim honestly and fairly (Lee Chang-
Rung at [30]–[32]). In this regard there is some overlap between this ground
for striking out a claim or defence under O 24 r 16 and the ground of
“contumelious” conduct.

88 In the present case, the plaintiff claims that there is a real risk that a
fair trial is no longer possible based on the destruction and incomplete
disclosure of documents in Categories 1(3) and 1(5). Having considered the
arguments, I am not satisfied that there is a real risk that a fair trial is
not possible. I say this because I do not think that the allegedly missing or
destroyed Category 1(3) and 1(5) documents are so “vital” to the plaintiff’s
case such that their non-disclosure has foreclosed the possibility of a fair
trial.

89 It bears repeating that the crux of the plaintiff’s claim is that the
defendants wrongfully diverted the funds, clientele, projects and manpower of
C&K to the AXXIS Companies. I can well see that the balance sheets of the
AXXIS Companies (Category 1(3)) and documents showing the costs, expenses and
revenue of the AXXIS Companies in relation to their projects (Category 1(5))
are relevant and may lead to a train of inquiry which would result in the
discovery of other relevant evidence. No doubt that is why they were included
in the SD Order. This does not mean, however, that these documents are so
central to the issues that without them there cannot be a fair trial.

90 In Landauer, the specific issue of Mr Axford’s state of knowledge
concerning the plaintiff’s foreign currency exposure was described as “all-
important”, and the management files were said to be “directly relevant” to
this very issue. In my view the present case is quite different. The “all-
important” issue in the plaintiff’s claim is more broadly whether or not
funding, clientele, projects and manpower intended for C&K were wrongfully
diverted to the AXXIS Companies. It was not clear to me that the balance
sheets (Category 1(3)) and the costs, expenses and revenue in relation to each
project of the AXXIS Companies (Category 1(5)) were “directly relevant” to
this issue, at least not in the sense that the management files were directly
relevant to Mr Axford’s state of knowledge in Landauer. The assets and
liabilities of the AXXIS Companies, and the costs and expenses incurred and
revenue generated for each of their projects would not show directly whether
any wrongful diversion had occurred. In concluding that a fair trial is still
possible I have also considered that the plaintiff has already obtained a
significant amount of evidence relating to its claim, including evidence
showing what projects the AXXIS Companies were marketing or pitching as their
own, 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions (Summary & Supplementary) for Summons
2275/2017, para 5.

the bank statements of AXXIS International and AXXIS Group falling under
Category 1(2), 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions for Summons 2275/2017, para 71.

and the financial documents and ledgers of C&K. This is obviously not to say
that I am satisfied that there are no further undisclosed, relevant documents
under Category 1(3) and 1(5) which may well have a bearing on the issues in
this suit. Nevertheless, having regard to the totality of the circumstances I
do not think that this is a situation where the defences should be struck out
on the basis that a fair trial is no longer possible.

Whether the defences should be struck out on the basis that Ben, Bee and the
AXXIS Companies are in inexcusable breach of their discovery obligations

91 The plaintiff has argued that any breach of the Unless Order would
“automatically warrant” striking out. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions for Summons 2275/2017, para 14(2).

I will first discuss whether Ben, Bee and the AXXIS Companies’ defences should
be struck out on the basis of their alleged breaches of the Unless Order,
before I discuss the wider issue of whether their defences should be struck
out on the more general basis that they have committed inexcusable breaches of
their discovery obligations. I use the term “inexcusable” rather than
“contumelious” (which is the term the plaintiff has used) to reflect the idea
that apart from wilful disobedience, negligence and inaction can also justify
the sanction of striking out (see [77] above).

Breaches of the Unless Order

92 Whether the defences should be struck out on the basis that Ben and Bee
breached the Unless Order may be analysed in terms of two questions: firstly,
whether, and in what way, Ben and Bee have breached the Unless Order; and
secondly, if they have breached the Unless Order, whether these breaches
warrant a striking out.

(1) Have the Represented Defendants breached the Unless Order?

93 It will be recalled that the Unless Order related only to Categories 1(2)
and 1(5), and not to Category 1(3). There are two main obligations under the
Unless Order which are relevant for present purposes:

(a) First, Ben and Bee were required to explain why the Category 1(2)
documents had emerged “later”, and if they had only obtained the documents
after making enquiries with HSBC bank, to explain why such enquiries were not
made “earlier”.

(b) Secondly, Ben and Bee were to produce the Category 1(5) documents for the
AXXIS Companies’ projects prior to 18 December 2009 within 14 days.

94 I first consider whether Ben and Bee breached the Unless Order with respect
to Category 1(2). Although Ben and Bee were required to explain why these
documents had only emerged “later”, and why they did not make requests
“earlier”, the Unless Order does not specify what is meant by the terms
“later” and “earlier”. Nevertheless, I note the following exchange between AR
Lim and counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Eddy Hirono, at the hearing of the
Unless Order Application:

PC: For [Category 1(2)], all the statements are now in save for AXXIS Pte Ltd.
Defendants have given us letters form HSBC to say that there are no such
records for AXXIS Pte Ltd – given to us after application is filed.

3 main points on [Category 1(2)]. We believe that Plaintiff should be entitled
to costs. Prior to us taking out the application, they didn’t disclose. There
has been no explanation as to why the HSBC documents only emerged later. This
is the second point. Thirdly, see paragraph 17 of my submissions. As recently
as 25 August 2016, [Ben and Bee] had stated that AXXIS Pte Ltd and [AXXIS
Group] were dormant companies with no substantive business. After we took out
the application, the Defendants had written to ask for AXXIS Group’s
statements. At least in relation to AXXIS Group it had to be a lie.

Ct: So any remaining issue on Order 1b?

PC: Order asked them to explain why HSBC banks only emerged later. See
paragraph 22 of my submissions. They have not explained.

Ct: Your client said they only managed to obtain only after making enquiries
with the bank but why didn’t they make enquiries with the bank earlier?

DC: I don’t have instructions on that.

95 I agree with the plaintiff that the above exchange and the general context
of the First Unless Order Application make it amply clear that what was
required was an explanation for the Represented Defendant’s delay in obtaining
these documents only after the plaintiff had taken out the unless order
application (see [29] above). 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, pp 410–411; Plaintiff’s skeletal
submissions for Summons 2275/2017, paras 53–55.

Seen in that light it is remarkable that Ben’s eleventh Affidavit, which he
purportedly filed in compliance, proffers the “explanation” that: 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

15th Affidavit of Toh Wee Ping Benjamin, 30 May 2017, para 8(b).

(a) The reason why the HSBC bank documents only emerged later was that “the
Represented Defendants did not have possession of these documents” and only
obtained them “after making enquiries with HSBC.”

(b) The plaintiff had not requested for the bank statements of the AXXIS
Companies until the 18 November 2014 Letter.

96 Did such an explanation comply with the terms of the Unless Order? In my
view, it did not. The statements in Ben’s eleventh Affidavit do not explain
why the Represented Defendants had taken almost two years between the 18
November 2014 Letter and 19 September 2016 to write to HSBC to request the
bank statements for the AXXIS Companies for the year of 2009. I note that
initially, the Represented Defendants wrote to HSBC on 16 March 2015 only to
request for AXXIS International’s bank statements for 2008. Ben later revealed
in his sixth Affidavit that this was because the Represented Defendants took
the view that 2008 was “the only timeframe relevant to the discovery of
documents”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, p 276, para 20.

But even if I accept that the Represented Defendants may have legitimately
taken the initial position that some of the bank statements requested were
irrelevant or unnecessary when they first received the plaintiff’s request,
they could no longer take that view as of 13 July 2015, when AR Mak issued the
SD Order, which confirmed the relevance and necessity of the Category 1(2)
documents.

97 Yet even after AR Mak issued the SD Order, in Ben’s Affidavit Verifying the
Third LOD dated 3 September 2015, he simply reiterated the position that the
Category 1(2) documents were no longer in the Represented Defendants’
possession, custody or control. This was despite the fact that at that point,
the Represented Defendants had already requested for and obtained AXXIS
International’s bank statements for April to December 2008 from HSBC in March
2015 (see [25] above), and could obviously have done the same to obtain
further Category 1(2) documents. Ben’s eleventh Affidavit contains no
explanation for why this was not done. It was thus no answer for Ben to say
that the Represented Defendants had disclosed these documents as late as they
had because they needed to make requests from HSBC bank. The point was that
they did not make the necessary requests until September 2016, more than a
year after AR Mak had issued the SD Order.

98 Having regard to the above I was satisfied that Ben and Bee did breach the
Unless Order by failing to explain their delay with respect to obtaining the
Category 1(2) documents in Ben’s eleventh Affidavit. I further note that to
date, no satisfactory explanation has been given in any of the subsequent
affidavits filed on behalf of the Represented Defendants.

99 I turn now to discuss whether Ben and Bee also breached their obligation to
disclose the Category 1(5) documents for the AXXIS Companies’ projects prior
to 18 December 2009. Unlike the SD Order, the terms of the Unless Order did
not contain a statement to the effect that Ben and Bee could “file an
affidavit to state that [the Category 1(5) documents] are not within their
possession, custody or control and the reasons why”. The Unless Order simply
required Ben and Bee to produce the Category 1(5) documents dated prior to 18
December 2009. There was no alternative. AR Lim was evidently convinced that
there must have been such documents with Ben and Bee. Strictly speaking, that
must mean that Ben and Bee breached the Unless Order because they did not
disclose further Category 1(5) documents within 14 days. Instead, Ben’s
eleventh Affidavit simply stated that there were no further documents in
Category 1(5) in the Represented Defendants’ possession, custody and control.
If that were true, and if the Represented Defendants had taken steps to
satisfy themselves that it was, then they could not be faulted even if they
had technically breached the Unless Order. But that was not the case, as I
shall shortly explain.

(2) Do the breaches of the Unless Order warrant striking out of the defences
of Ben, Bee and the AXXIS Companies?

100 As mentioned, once an unless order is breached, it falls to the defaulting
party to demonstrate that the breach was not intentional and contumelious if
he is to avoid the specified consequences (Mitora at [35]). In the English
decision of In re Jokai Tea Holdings Ltd [1992] 1 WLR 1196 (“In re Jokai Tea
Holdings”) (cited by the Court of Appeal in Mitora at [35]), Sir Nicolas
Browne-Wilkinson VC stated that the defaulting party must show that “there was
no intention to ignore or flout the order and that the failure to obey was due
to extraneous circumstances”. The Court of Appeal in Syed Mohamed Abdul
Muthaliff v Arjan Bhisham Chotrani [1999] 1 SLR(R) 361 (“Syed Mohamed Abdul
Muthaliff”) at [14] observed that the defaulting party must “show that he had
made positive efforts to comply but was prevented from doing so by extraneous
circumstances”.

101 Even where a breach has been found to be intentional and contumelious,
however, the court must decide what is the appropriate response, having regard
to the “drastic” effects of striking out an action or defence (Von Roll Asia
at [43]). As stated by Chan Seng Onn J in Teeni Enterprise Pte Ltd v Singco
Pte Ltd [2008] SGHC 115 at [64]:

Clearly, the court must balance the need to ensure compliance with court
orders … and the need to ensure that a party would not be summarily deprived
of its cause of action or have default judgment entered against it without any
hearing of the merits especially when the non-compliance or breach, having
regard to all the relevant circumstances, was not so serious or aggravating as
to warrant such a severe consequence: see Wellmix Organics (International) Pte
Ltd v Lau Yu Man [2006] 2 SLR 117 at [4]. The discretionary power to enforce
the unless order according to its strict terms must therefore be exercised
judiciously and cautiously after weighing everything in the balance.

102 I am satisfied that in this case, the breaches of the Unless Order were
intentional and contumelious, and were not due to extraneous circumstances.

103 As for AR Lim’s orders relating to Category 1(2), it was clear from the
exchange between AR Lim and Mr Hirono at the First Unless Order Application
that Ben and Bee were required to provide an explanation for their delay in
obtaining the bank statements from HSBC - long after the plaintiff had first
requested discovery, long after AR Mak had issued the SD Order and only after
the plaintiff had taken out the First Unless Order Application. If there was
no explanation for such delay, the Represented Defendants ought to have been
upfront about this and apologised for their inaction. On any view, it was
unacceptable for Ben to simply rehash what the court obviously already knew –
that Ben and Bee had had to make inquiries with HSBC in order to obtain the
documents, and that the plaintiff’s request had only come in 18 November 2014.
Yet that was precisely what Ben did in his eleventh Affidavit, and that he did
so reflects the Represented Defendants’ cavalier attitude towards their
discovery obligations and the orders of the court. I further note that Ben in
his eleventh Affidavit had reprised the point that all AXXIS documents had
been discarded in order to reduce storage costs when the AXXIS Companies
became dormant in 2014. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

6th Affidavit of Sim Bee Har, 17 May 2017, p 415.

He has since revealed in his seventeenth Affidavit that he made this statement
without actually being able to recall if the AXXIS documents were ever really
thrown away or destroyed (see [33] above).

104 I am also satisfied that Ben and Bee have breached AR Lim’s orders with
respect to Category 1(5) in an inexcusable manner. Obviously, if it was true
that Ben and Bee had no further Category 1(5) documents in their possession,
custody or control, then even if they had technically breached the Unless
Order by not disclosing further documents, that would be due to “extraneous
circumstances” and not something which Ben and Bee could be faulted for. I
should stress that I make no finding as to whether it is true that there were
no more Category 1(5) documents. The plaintiff says the Peachtree Directory
discloses documents falling within this category but I am not prepared to draw
that conclusion based only on the filenames.

105 However, even if I give the Represented Defendants the benefit of the
doubt, and assume they in fact had nothing further to disclose within Category
1(5), it would surely be incumbent upon Ben and Bee to make the necessary
checks and enquiries to satisfy themselves that this was true. They would also
have to take steps to satisfy the court that they had made such checks and
enquiries. I stress the statement in Syed Mohamed Abdul Muthaliff at [14] that
the defaulting party must show that he made positive efforts to comply but was
prevented from doing so by extraneous circumstances.

106 Instead, Ben and Bee’s purported attempt to comply with the Unless Order
took the form of Ben’s eleventh Affidavit, in which he simply stated that
there were no other documents because they had been “thrown away” to reduce
storage costs and because they were unnecessary for accounting purposes when
the AXXIS Companies became dormant (see [42] above). It is by now clear that
the above statement was made without Ben actually remembering if the AXXIS
documents were ever really thrown away or destroyed or simply lost. It is also
clear that the statement was made without Ben and Bee having started up the
Old Computer to see if it contained any potentially relevant documents (see
[46] above). Ben’s eleventh Affidavit also does not speak of any other checks,
searches or enquiries that were made to verify that there were no further
Category 1(5) documents to be disclosed. In the circumstances, I was satisfied
that Ben and Bee have breached the Unless Order with respect to Category 1(5)
in an intentional and contumelious manner.

107 The next question to be considered is whether these intentional and
contumelious breaches of the Unless Order justify striking out the defences of
Ben, Bee and the AXXIS Companies. I am mindful that in In re Jokai Tea
Holdings, Parker LJ noted that there were “degrees of appropriate
consequences” which may be imposed. The Court of Appeal in Mitora (at [45(c)])
also noted that the court has in its arsenal other means of penalising
contumelious or persistent breaches, including awarding costs on an indemnity
basis, ordering the payment of the plaintiff’s claim or part thereof into
court, striking out relevant portions of a defaulting party’s pleading rather
than the whole, barring the defaulting party from adducing certain classes of
evidence or calling related witnesses, and raising adverse inferences against
the defaulting party at trial.

108 Nevertheless, in my view, this is a case where Ben and Bee’s breaches of
the Unless Order warrant the “draconian sanction” (Mitora at [46]) of striking
out their defence. Ben and Bee have been given ample opportunity to comply
with the SD Order which was first issued on 13 July 2015, and with the Unless
Order. Instead of making reasonable or good faith efforts to comply with these
orders, they have, at best, been slow to act and careless and at worst,
deliberately delayed the proceedings. Where called upon to explain their
delay, they have been evasive, and unapologetically so. They have repeatedly
asserted on affidavit that the documents they have been ordered to disclose
have been destroyed or disposed of, even though neither Ben nor Bee can
actually recall if this was the case. They have not demonstrated any positive
efforts to comply with the court’s orders, and have shown no indication that
they take their obligations and the court’s orders seriously. They have
dragged the Discovery process in this action over a period of more than two
years. This has unnecessarily increased the cost of the litigation and they
have throughout, displayed a cavalier attitude towards their discovery
obligations.

109 I note that the Represented Defendants have argued that the facts behind
the delayed disclosure of the Category 1(2) documents are merely background
facts and are not essential for a “fair trial” of the plaintiff’s claim. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

3rd and 4th Defendants’ written submissions for Summons 2275/2017, para 19.

The point, perhaps, is that there has been no prejudice to the plaintiff’s
ability to prove its claim as a result of Ben and Bee’s failure to comply with
AR Lim’s order that they should explain their delay. I do not accept this
argument because their obligation to provide an explanation derives from the
Unless Order itself. Subject obviously to their right to appeal (and Ben and
Bee have not appealed), Ben and Bee must provide the explanation, even if they
think their explanation would merely constitute “background facts”, as they
say. Not only have Ben and Bee effectively refused to explain themselves, they
are also still trying to justify their default by saying that the reasons for
their delay with regard to Category 1(2) are irrelevant to the issues at
trial. This is symptomatic of their utter disregard for the court’s authority.

110 Given Ben and Bee’s intentional, contumelious and inexcusable breaches of
the Unless Order, I see no reason not to enforce AR Lim’s Unless Order
according to its exact terms and to impose the very consequence that it
stipulates – the striking out of Ben and Bee’s defence. I have come to the
conclusion that this is not a disproportionate response having regard to the
breaches of the Unless Order as well as the other ways in which the
Represented Defendants have contumeliously breached their discovery
obligations, as I shall discuss below.

111 Before I turn to that, however, I should address one point: the
plaintiff’s application is to strike out not only Ben and Bee’s defences but
also those of the AXXIS Companies. The AXXIS Companies are legal entities
separate from Ben and Bee. They were not the subject of, and have not
breached, the Unless Order. It follows that their defences cannot be struck
out based on Ben and Bee’s breaches of the Unless Order. I shall later address
whether their defences can be struck out based on the wider argument that they
have breached their discovery obligations.

Inexcusable breaches of discovery obligations

112 As I have mentioned, the cases have frequently referred to the standard of
“contumelious” and “contumacious” breaches of discovery obligations, but it
has also been recognised that “negligence, incompetence, or sheer indolence”
(Mitora at [40]) may also justify the sanction of striking out under O 24 r 16
(see [77] above).

113 Having regard to the Represented Defendants’ behaviour from the time the
plaintiff requested specific discovery to the time of this application, I
agree with the plaintiff that they have committed inexcusable breaches of
their discovery obligations. I say this based on the following factors:

(a) The Represented Defendants breached the Unless Order contumeliously, as
discussed at [92]–[110] above.

(b) The Represented Defendants have taken shifting positions with regard to
numerous issues, including when and by whom the documents were destroyed,
whether the documents exist to begin with and whether they have further
undisclosed AXXIS documents remaining in their possession, custody or control
at various points in time. The biggest and most egregious shift in their
position was that they initially created the impression that Ben and Bee knew
what became of the AXXIS documents (ie that they had been destroyed), but
later, after having sworn numerous affidavits, revealed that they had made all
of their previous statements based on Ben’s limited memory and without making
any attempt to verify their claims. This is discussed in detail at [59]–[64]
above.

(c) The Represented Defendants have shown a consistent pattern of “drip-
feeding” documents in the discovery process. They have on numerous occasions
repeated the refrain that they have disclosed everything in their possession,
custody and control, only to later produce further documents under the various
categories without any explanation as to why this was not done earlier. These
further belated disclosures are often made only when the plaintiff has taken
out applications with the court to compel the Represented Defendants to
cooperate. Examples of this include the belated disclosures of the HSBC bank
statements under Category 1(2) and 134 documents under Category 1(5) in the
Fourth LOD, which was filed after the plaintiff took out the First Unless
Order Application (see [29] and [40] above).

(d) The Represented Defendants have taken a completely unrepentant attitude
and have never once apologised for their various breaches. In fact, they
continue to offer spurious excuses and continue to dispute the relevance and
necessity of information they have already been ordered to provide. For
example, in their written submissions for this application, Ben and Bee make
the following argument:

The argument that the balance sheet must have more pages simply because it has
page numbers not starting at 1 is simply non-sequitur, since the essential
part of the balance sheets, being assets and liabilities, are displayed in
documents already disclosed.

It is remarkable to me that at this stage Ben and Bee are still taking the
position that they are entitled to choose which page of a balance sheet to
disclose based on their own assessment of what is “essential”, notwithstanding
the fact that they have been ordered to disclose “all annual financial
statements of the AXXIS Companies…including but not limited to the balance
sheets of the AXXIS Companies” under the terms of the SD Order (see [16]
above).

114 Taking these factors as a whole, I was satisfied that Ben and Bee have
demonstrated utter disregard for the Rules of Court and the various court
orders that have been issued against them (in the language of Alliance
Management at [9]). They have shown no evidence of conscientious efforts to
give proper discovery. Their conduct gives me no confidence that they would
defend the plaintiff’s claim in an honest and fair manner. I therefore strike
out their defences on this basis as well.

115 Again, that leaves me to discuss the point that the plaintiff seeks to
strike out not only Ben and Bee’s defences but also those of the AXXIS
Companies. O 24 r 16 empowers the court to strike out a claim or defence of “a
party who is required by any Rule in [O 24], or by any order made thereunder,
to make discovery of documents”, but fails to comply. The problem, however, is
that the AXXIS Companies were not even the subject of AR Mak’s SD Order, which
was only issued in respect of the Represented Defendants. It therefore cannot
be said that the AXXIS Companies are in contumelious breach of their discovery
obligations.

116 At the hearing of this application, counsel for the plaintiff Mr Dominic
Chan stressed that the AXXIS Companies are not entitled to act in person as
they have purported to do, have not sought leave of court to be represented by
their company officer(s), and have chosen not to appear at the hearing of this
application. That may be so, but those facts do not offer me a legal basis for
striking out their defence.

Conclusion

117 To conclude, I decline to strike out the defences of the AXXIS Companies.
For the aforesaid reasons, I strike out Ben and Bee’s defences on the basis
that they have committed inexcusable breaches of their discovery obligations
and of the Unless Order, and enter interlocutory judgment for the plaintiff,
with damages to be assessed. The costs of this action up to this stage of the
proceedings are to be taxed and paid by Ben and Bee to the plaintiff. Ben and
Bee are also to pay the costs of this application, to be taxed, if not agreed.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Chan Wai Kit Darren Dominic and Ng Yi Ming Daniel (Characterist LLC) for the
plaintiff;  
Ng Boon Gan (VanillaLaw LLC) for the third and fourth defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

