Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 39

Suit No 647 of 2016  
(Summons No 4880 of 2016)

Between

(1)| Motor Insurers’ Bureau of Singapore  
---|---  
(2)| Koo Siew Tai  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| AM General Insurance Bhd (formerly known as Kurnia Insurans (Malaysia) Bhd)  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

And

| Liew Voon Fah  
---|---  
  
… Third Party

judgment

[Insurance] — [Motor vehicle insurance] — [Motor Insurers’ Bureau]

[Insurance] — [Motor vehicle insurance] — [Insurer Concerned]

[Contract] — [Remedies] — [Damages]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Motor Insurers’ Bureau of Singapore and another

  

v

  

AM General Insurance Bhd

  
(

formerly known as Kurnia Insurans (Malaysia) Bhd)

  

(Liew Voon Fah, third party)

[2018] SGHC 39

High Court — Suit No 647 of 2016 (Summons No 4880 of 2016)  
Quentin Loh J  
17 April 2017, 28 August 2017; 9 October 2017

23 February 2018 Judgment reserved.

Quentin Loh J:

Introduction

1 These proceedings arise from an accident which occurred over 10 years ago on
8 December 2007. The third party, Mr Liew Voon Fah (“Liew”), was riding his
motorcycle in Singapore with the second plaintiff, his wife, Mdm Koo Siew Tai
(“Koo”) riding pillion, when they met with a road traffic accident. Liew’s
motorcycle was insured by the defendant, AM General Insurance Bhd (“AM Gen”),
at the time. Koo brought an action against Liew for her injuries and she
obtained final judgment against Liew on 21 February 2011. Sadly, that sum
remains unpaid to date because of a disagreement between the Motor Insurers’
Bureau of Singapore (“the MIB”) and AM Gen.

2 Suit No 647 of 2016 (“Suit 647”) was commenced by the plaintiffs on 21 June
2016 to compel AM Gen to satisfy the judgment debt (see [7] below). The
plaintiffs subsequently applied for determination of a question of law under O
14 r 12 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of
Court”). Their application was strongly opposed by AM Gen, which takes the
position that Koo lacks locus standi in Suit 647 and that the MIB cannot
recover substantial damages, since payment of the judgment debt will benefit
Koo rather than the MIB.

Facts

Background to the dispute and procedural history

3 As is usual in such cases, the facts are within a fairly narrow compass and
not in dispute. Koo and Liew are both Malaysian citizens. Koo was 34 years old
and Liew was 37 at the time of the accident; they are now 44 and 47
respectively.

4 On 8 December 2007, Liew was taking Koo to work on his Malaysian-registered
motorcycle (registration number JGT 6125), when he met with an accident along
Ayer Rajah Expressway. His motorcycle skidded and Koo was flung off the
motorcycle onto the road. She sustained serious head injuries (including skull
fractures and loss of brain tissue) and was conveyed to National University
Hospital for emergency treatment, following which she was discharged for
treatment in Malaysia. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Koo’s AEIC in Suit 613/2009, para 3.

Koo also suffered post-traumatic epilepsy as a result of the accident. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Koo’s affidavit in OS 838/2010, affirmed on 13 May 2010, para 4.

The motorcycle was insured under a policy of insurance number JVA 0647209
(“the Policy”) issued by AM Gen (then known as Kurnia Insurans (Malaysia) Bhd)
at the time of the accident. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Koo’s affidavit in Suit 647/2016, affirmed on 6 October 2016, para 2.

The Policy did not cover passenger liability.

5 On 16 July 2009, Koo commenced Suit No 613 of 2009 (“Suit 613”) in Singapore
against Liew for compensation for her injuries. AM Gen instructed lawyers to
represent Liew in Suit 613. However, the lawyers subsequently discharged
themselves on 5 April 2010 on AM Gen’s instructions that the Policy did not
cover passenger liability. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Minute Sheet dated 5 April 2010 in Suit 613/2009 (Summons 1229/2010).

6 On 20 April 2010, AM Gen took out Originating Summons No 383 of 2010 (“OS
383”) seeking the following reliefs:

(a) a declaration that, under the terms of the Policy, AM Gen was not liable
to satisfy any judgment sum for damages, interests and costs as might be found
or adjudicated to be payable by Liew to Koo in Suit 613; and

(b) a permanent injunction restraining Koo and Liew from making any claim
against the MIB in respect of any judgment sum for damages, interest or costs
which might be awarded by the court in favour of Koo against Liew in Suit 613.

7 It appears that AM Gen applied for the permanent injunction above because it
expected that if the MIB were to compensate Koo, the MIB would seek an
indemnity from AM Gen under the “Insurer Concerned” principle. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Sureshkeris s/o Kerisnan’s affidavit in OS 383/2010, filed on 21 April 2010,
paras 26–28.

OS 383 was dismissed with costs by Judith Prakash J (as she then was) on 2
July 2010. AM Gen did not appeal, nor did it take any further steps to defend
Liew in Suit 613. On 10 August 2010, interlocutory judgment was entered
against Liew with damages to be assessed. On 21 February 2011, final judgment
was entered against Liew with damages in the sum of S$788,057.73, plus
interest, costs and disbursements (“the Judgment Debt”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Koo’s affidavit in Suit 647/2016, affirmed on 6 October 2016, para 7.

Liew has not satisfied the Judgment Debt to date.

8 On 26 April 2012, Koo filed Originating Summons No 404 of 2012 (“OS 404”)
against the MIB, seeking satisfaction of the Judgment Debt from the MIB
pursuant to its obligations under an agreement between the MIB and the
Minister for Finance of the Republic of Singapore, which I define at [20]
below as “the Principal Agreement”. On 8 June 2012, the MIB applied for OS 404
to be struck out and dismissed under O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court on the
basis, inter alia, that Koo, not being a party to the Domestic Agreement, had
no cause of action or locus standi against the MIB. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Chua Peng Cher’s affidavit in OS 404/2012, sworn on 8 June 2012, para 12.

This application to strike out failed. In the alternative, the MIB applied for
and was granted a stay of OS 404 pending the determination of other
proceedings which were ongoing at the time and which, though factually
unrelated, stood to have a bearing on the legal principles applicable to OS
404. These were the proceedings in Originating Summons No 808 of 2011, which
was determined at first instance on 4 October 2012 (see Pacific & Orient
Insurance Co Bhd (formerly known as Pacific & Orient Insurance Co Sdn Bhd) v
Motor Insurers’ Bureau of Singapore [2013] 1 SLR 341 (“Pacific & Orient”).
That decision was upheld on appeal on 29 April 2013.

9 On 19 November 2013, the MIB joined AM Gen as a third party in OS 404,
claiming that it was entitled to be indemnified by AM Gen against Koo’s claim
pursuant to the Principal Agreement and two other agreements defined at [21]
and [22] below as “the Domestic Agreement” and the “Special Agreement”.

10 In response to the MIB’s argument that Koo lacked locus standi in OS 404
due to privity, Koo’s solicitors wrote to the Ministry of Finance on 28
January 2015 requesting the Minister for Finance to compel the MIB to honour
the Principal Agreement and satisfy the Judgment Debt. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Koo’s affidavit in Suit 647/2016, affirmed on 6 October 2016, p 123.

11 On 13 March 2015, the Public Trustee’s Office (“the Public Trustee”)
replied to Koo’s solicitors, referencing the letter to the Ministry of Finance
and stating that their letter had been referred to the Public Trustee. The
Public Trustee stated that having carefully considered their letter, the
enclosed documents and case law, it disagreed with Koo’s interpretation of the
Principal Agreement and there was no basis for the Public Trustee to be joined
as a party to OS 404. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Koo’s affidavit in Suit 647/2016, affirmed on 6 October 2016, p 137.

Although the Public Trustee was not before me, unless there was some very good
reason for their taking such a position which I have failed to appreciate, I
do not think the Public Trustee was entitled to wash its hands of this matter
(see [49]–[51] and [55]–[59] below). The Public Trustee also stated, correctly
in my view, that the Minister for Finance had assigned all his rights and
duties under the Principal Agreement to the Public Trustee and there was no
basis to join the Minister for Finance to the proceedings (see [20] below).

12 On 19 October 2015, the court ordered a stay of OS 404 by consent of Koo
and the MIB. Koo and the MIB then together commenced Suit 647 against AM Gen
on 21 June 2016, by which they seek to compel AM Gen to satisfy the Judgment
Debt in Koo’s favour.

13 On 7 October 2016, Koo and the MIB filed Summons No 4880 of 2016 (“SUM
4880”) in Suit 647 under O 14 of the Rules of Court. SUM 4880 was amended on
31 August 2017. As amended, SUM 4880 is an application for:

(a) a determination of whether AM Gen is the “Insurer Concerned” as defined in
cl 1 of the Domestic Agreement, and if so, whether AM Gen is obliged to
satisfy the Judgment Debt; and

(b) final judgment to be entered in favour of Koo or, in the alternative, the
MIB, in the sum of S$788,057.73 and interest thereon at 5.33% per annum from
the date of issuance of the writ in Suit 647 to the date of final judgment;

(c) in the alternative, interlocutory judgment to be entered in the MIB’s
favour for damages to be assessed; and

(d) in the further alternative, an order of specific performance of the
Special Agreement read with the Domestic Agreement, requiring AM Gen to pay
the sum stated in (b) above to Koo within 14 days.

14 At the hearing before me on 9 October 2017, the plaintiffs applied for and
were granted leave to file an affidavit describing the MIB’s physical size and
operations. The plaintiffs filed the affidavit of Mr Ng Choong Tiang on 19
October 2017. On 23 October 2017, Mr Liew Teck Huat, counsel for AM Gen, asked
for leave to file an affidavit in response. This was followed up on 1 November
2017 with the draft affidavit AM Gen proposed to file. In an effort to avoid
factual disputes, I asked the parties to see if they could agree on what I
thought would be uncontroversial facts:

(a) the MIB currently occupies office space of approximately 400 square feet
at 180 Cecil Street, #15-02 Bangkok Bank Building, Singapore 069546;

(b) the MIB has occupied this office since 2014; and

(c) the MIB is currently staffed by one Manager/Secretary and two support
staff.

15 On 17 November 2017, counsel for AM Gen wrote to say, in gist, that the
above facts were not really relevant since the true question was whether the
MIB, notwithstanding that it was a small organisation with a small office, had
the financial means to manage claims such as the present one. AM Gen
reiterated its request to file an affidavit in response. On 27 November 2017,
I gave leave to AM Gen to do so and directed that this affidavit be filed
within two weeks. That same day, AM Gen filed the affidavit of Mr Hwi Thiam
Seng, which had been affirmed earlier on 25 October 2017. In any event, both
these affidavits were peripheral to the issues at hand and I have not relied
upon them in coming to my decision.

16 For completeness, I should add that Koo was working in Singapore at the
time of the accident but her employment was terminated after the accident and
she and Liew both now reside in Malaysia.

The legal framework

17 In order to understand the claims that arose out of the accident, it is
necessary to briefly reiterate the legal framework governing the relationship
between the MIB and Malaysian insurers which have insured vehicles involved in
traffic accidents in Singapore. (This is described in greater detail in
Pacific & Orient at [8]–[17]).

18 As I stated in Pacific & Orient at [8], “the ubiquitous motor vehicle,
indispensable to modern life, has an unfortunate inherent capacity to injure,
maim or cause the death of other road users or pedestrians as well as inflict
property damage. All too often, more than one category of harm is caused”.
This gave rise to social legislation like the English Road Traffic Act of 1930
(c 43) (UK), which ensures that no motor vehicle is driven without compulsory
insurance cover for causing personal injury or death to a third party arising
out of the negligent use of the motor vehicle. Our equivalent is the Motor
Vehicles (Third Party Risks and Compensation) Act (Cap 189, 2000 Rev Ed) (“the
MV(TP)A”). The MV(TP)A provides that where, for one reason or another, the
insurer is able to avoid or deny liability or cover to the vehicle owner or
the driver, the insurer must nonetheless first satisfy any judgment for death
or personal injury entered against its insured owner or driver. Thereafter,
the insurer is entitled to proceed to recover that sum from its insured. An
important requirement placed on the victim is that he has to give notice of
his claim to the insurer.

19 However, even with the enactment of the MV(TP)A in 1960, there were still
situations where a victim would be left without compensation, eg, in a hit-
and-run accident where the driver could not be traced, or where the terms of
the driver’s insurance policy excluded liability (see Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore vol 13(2) (LexisNexis, 2016 Reissue) at para 155.719). A further
safety net was needed. That safety net was the MIB scheme.

20 On 22 February 1975, the MIB entered into a Memorandum of Agreement with
the Minister for Finance of the Republic of Singapore. The agreement sets out
the circumstances under which the MIB has an obligation to compensate victims
of road accidents (essentially where there is no effective insurance for the
vehicle involved, where the driver of the vehicle cannot be traced and where
the insurer has become insolvent). I hereafter refer to this agreement, as
supplemented by a Supplemental Agreement on 24 September 1998 and a Further
Supplemental Agreement dated 13 August 2003, as “the Principal Agreement”. It
should be noted that the Minister for Finance assigned its rights, benefits,
interests, privileges, powers, remedies and duties under the Principal
Agreement to the Public Trustee of the Republic of Singapore by way of a Deed
of Assignment dated 13 August 2003. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Koo’s affidavit in Suit 647/2016, affirmed on 6 October 2016, p 161.

21 Also on 22 February 1975, the MIB entered into another Memorandum of
Agreement with all insurance companies and Lloyd’s underwriters which sold
motor insurance policies in Singapore (which, as supplemented by a
Supplemental Agreement dated 24 September 1998, I shall refer to as “the
Domestic Agreement”). The Domestic Agreement specifies the situations and
conditions under which an insurance company is liable to compensate victims of
a traffic accident.

22 The Domestic Agreement is signed only with insurers registered in
Singapore. To ensure that Malaysian insurers, whose insured vehicles enter
Singapore, are subject to the same obligations, the MIB signs special
agreements with individual Malaysian insurers by which the latter agree to be
bound by the obligations in the Domestic Agreement in the same way as a
Singaporean insurer. Malaysian vehicles driven into Singapore must be insured
by an insurer which has entered into such an agreement with the MIB in order
to be exempt from the statutory requirements relating to compulsory insurance
under the Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks and Compensation) Act (Cap 189,
2000 Rev Ed) (see s 3 of the Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks and
Compensation) (Exemption) Notification (GN No S 526/1998)). In this case, the
relevant agreement was signed between the MIB and AM Gen (then known as
Industrial & Commercial Insurance (Malaysia) Bhd) on 26 October 1987 (“the
Special Agreement”). Clause 2 of the Special Agreement states:

The Company … covenants with the [MIB] that it will comply with every
obligation imposed upon Members of the [MIB] by [the Domestic Agreement] in
every respect as if the Company were an “Insurer” for the purposes of the said
Agreement and in particular undertakes and binds itself to the [MIB] to make
any payment demanded under Clauses 6 and 7 of the said Agreement and to
furnish the Council of the Bureau such particulars of its premium income as
the Council may require.

23 I should add that the Special Agreement is not unprecedented or novel. The
Motor Insurers’ Bureau of West Malaysia (“MIBWM”) was set up in 1968, before
the Singapore MIB was set up in 1975. Because the Malaysian equivalent of the
Domestic Agreement was only signed with insurers registered in Malaysia, the
MIBWM had no recourse against Singaporean insurers in relation to injuries or
deaths caused by Singapore vehicles on West Malaysian roads. Malaysian
insurers were concerned that they would have to bear the brunt of personal
injury or death claims in Malaysia involving Singapore vehicles where the
Singapore insurers were entitled to avoid liability under their policies. The
MIBWM therefore entered into “special agreements” with motor insurers in
Singapore, pursuant to which the latter agreed to be bound by MIBWM’s
memorandum and articles of association and the Malaysian equivalents of the
Principal and Domestic Agreements (see [11] and [17] of Pacific & Orient).
When Singapore set up the MIB in 1975, the act of entering into Special
Agreements with Malaysian insurers was an established practice and precedent.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiffs’ case

24 The plaintiffs submit that Suit 647 is suitable for summary judgment
because there is no material dispute of fact, all necessary evidence is
documentary in nature, and the outcome hinges on the proper construction of
the Principal, Domestic and Special Agreements. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions in SUM 4880/2016 dated 13 April 2017, para 10.

25 As for the questions framed in SUM 4880, the plaintiffs submit, on the
authority of Pacific & Orient, that AM Gen is the “Insurer Concerned” for the
purposes of the Domestic Agreement. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions in SUM 4880/2016 dated 13 April 2017, para 14.

Clause 1 defines “Insurer Concerned” as:

the Insurer who at the time of the accident which gave rise to a liability
required to be insured by the Compulsory Insurance Legislation was providing
an insurance against such liability in respect of the vehicle arising out of
the use of which the liability of the Judgment Debtor was incurred.

Clause 1 further states that an insurer will be the “Insurer Concerned”
notwithstanding that:

some term, description, limitation, exception or condition (whether express or
implied) of the insurance or of the proposal form on which it is based
expressly or by implication excludes the Insurer’s liability whether generally
or in the particular circumstances in which the Judgment Debtor’s liability
was incurred …

26 The plaintiffs therefore submit that AM Gen is liable to satisfy the
Judgment Debt, notwithstanding the fact that the Policy does not cover
passenger liability, pursuant to cl 3(1) of the Domestic Agreement (read with
the Special Agreement):

If a Judgment is obtained in Singapore against any person (hereinafter
referred to as the “Judgment Debtor”) in respect of liability required to be
insured by the Compulsory Insurance Legislation the Insurer Concerned will
satisfy the Original Judgment Creditor if and to the extent that the Judgment
has not been satisfied by the Judgment Debtor within twenty-eight days from
the date upon which the person in whose favour it was given is entitled to
enforce it.

27 As regards locus standi, the plaintiffs accept that Koo has no locus standi
under the common law because she is not a party to the Principal, Domestic or
Special Agreements. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiffs’ supplementary submissions in SUM 4880/2016 dated 17 April 2017,
para 7.

However, they submit that Koo is entitled to maintain a joint action with the
MIB against AM Gen because she is a beneficiary of an implied trust arising
out of the Domestic Agreement, in relation to which the MIB is the trustee. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions in SUM 4880/2016 dated 13 April 2017, paras 24–33.

28 The MIB, on the other hand, has the requisite locus standi to sue AM Gen on
two bases: as a contractual counterparty to the Domestic and Special
Agreements, and in equity as trustee for Koo. In the former situation, the
plaintiffs submit that the MIB is entitled to substantial damages on the broad
ground set out in Family Food Court (a firm) v Seah Boon Lock and another
(trading as Boon Lock Duck and Noodle House) [2008] 4 SLR(R) 272 (“Family Food
Court”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiffs’ supplementary submissions in SUM 4880/2016 dated 17 April 2017,
paras 11, 13, 18 and 22.

In the latter situation, the plaintiffs submit that the MIB is entitled to
either specific performance on the basis of the principle in Beswick v Beswick
[1968] AC 58 (“Beswick”), or to recover substantial damages on behalf of Koo
on the basis of the principle in Lloyd’s v Harper (1880) 16 Ch D 290
(“Lloyd’s”).

The defendant’s case

29 AM Gen contends that Suit 647 is not suitable for summary judgment under O
14 r 12 of the Rules of Court because the questions stated by the plaintiffs
are not properly framed and do nothing to resolve the issue in the action; SUM
4880 raises questions of public importance; there are substantial factual
disputes; and SUM 4880 does not dispose of the whole matter or save time or
costs. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defendant’s submissions in SUM 4880/2016 dated 12 April 2017, paras 127, 133,
264, 257 and 283.

30 As for the merits of SUM 4880, AM Gen accepts that it is the “Insurer
Concerned” in relation to the accident which occurred, within the meaning of
cl 3 of the Domestic Agreement. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defendant’s submissions in SUM 4880/2016 dated 12 April 2017, para 284.

However, it opposes SUM 4880 for the following reasons:

(a) First, Koo has no locus standi to sue AM Gen directly, not being a party
to the Principal, Domestic or Special Agreements. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defendant’s submissions in SUM 4880/2016 dated 12 April 2017, para 144.

As for the implied trust argument, such an implied trust can only arise in the
context of the Principal Agreement, whereas AM Gen’s purported liability to
satisfy the Judgment Debt as Insurer Concerned arises under the Domestic
Agreement. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defendant’s submissions in SUM 4880/2016 dated 12 April 2017, paras 150 and
157.

(b) Secondly, the MIB has suffered no actionable loss and neither the narrow
nor broad ground in Family Food Court applies. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defendant’s submissions in SUM 4880/2016 dated 12 April 2017, para 214.

(c) Thirdly, under the terms of the Principal and Domestic Agreements, AM
Gen’s liability to satisfy the Judgment Debt does not arise until after the
MIB has satisfied the Judgment Debt. It is only once the MIB has compensated
the victim that it can then seek an indemnity from the Insurer Concerned. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defendant’s submissions in SUM 4880/2016 dated 12 April 2017, para 229.

31 On that note, AM Gen submits that specific performance is unavailable
because there is no reciprocity. In particular, the MIB is unwilling to
satisfy the Judgment Debt, which it is purportedly obliged to do under cl 3 of
the Principal Agreement: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defendant’s submissions in SUM 4880/2016 dated 12 April 2017, para 232.

If judgement in respect of any liability which is required to be covered by a
policy of insurance under the [MV(TP)A] is obtained against any person or
persons in any Court in Singapore and either at the time of the accident
giving rise to such liability there is not in force a policy of insurance as
required by the [MV(TP)A] or such policy is ineffective for any reason
(including the inability of the insurer to make payment) and any such
judgement is not satisfied in full within twenty-eight days from the date upon
which the person or persons in whose favour such judgement was given became
entitled to enforce it then the [MIB] will, subject to the provisions of this
Part … pay or cause to be paid to the person or persons in whose favour such
judgement was given any sum payable or remaining payable thereunder in respect
of the aforesaid liability including taxed costs (or such portion thereof as
relates to such liability) or satisfy or cause to be satisfied such judgement.

32 AM Gen also submits that specific performance is unavailable because
damages are not inadequate, in that Koo would be adequately compensated if
only the MIB satisfied the Judgment Debt. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defendant’s submissions in SUM 4880/2016 dated 12 April 2017, para 246.

33 AM Gen has joined Liew as a third party to Suit 647 on the basis that it is
entitled to be indemnified by Liew against the plaintiffs’ claim and the costs
of Suit 647, or to contribution from Liew to the extent of the Judgment Debt.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Third Party Notice.

However, Liew did not participate in the proceedings in SUM 4880 before me and
did not tender any submissions. The questions framed for determination in SUM
4880 relate solely to whether the plaintiffs may seek satisfaction of the
Judgment Debt from AM Gen, and do not concern Liew.

Issues to be determined

34 It must be noted at the outset that the first part of the Plaintiffs’ first
issue for determination, viz, whether AM Gen is the “Insurer Concerned” as
defined in cl 1 of the Domestic Agreement (see [13(a)] above), turned out to
be uncontested. Both parties accept that AM Gen is the “Insurer Concerned” for
the purposes of the Domestic Agreement. It is also important to note that Mr
Liew conceded that if the MIB were to pay the Judgment Debt to Koo, it would
“have a full right of indemnity against [AM Gen] on the basis of [Pacific &
Orient]”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defendant’s submissions in SUM 4880/2016 dated 12 April 2017, para 239.

I need only confirm that these two concessions by Mr Liew are correct and
unarguable otherwise.

35 However, AM Gen strenuously maintains that the MIB has to pay Koo first,
and only after it has done so does the MIB’s right to an indemnity or
reimbursement from AM Gen arise under the Domestic Agreement and Special
Agreement. On the second part of the first issue put forward by the Plaintiffs
(see [13(a)] above), AM Gen contends that since the MIB has not satisfied
Koo’s judgment, there is no liability on AM Gen’s part to indemnify or
reimburse the MIB under the Domestic Agreement and Special Agreement. I will
deal with this second part below.

36 It will be apparent that there is some disjoint between the issues actually
in dispute (as seen from the parties’ respective positions) and the questions
framed for determination. The question which is framed for determination –
namely, whether AM Gen is the Insurer Concerned – is not disputed by AM Gen.
The real dispute centres on whether Koo has locus standi to sue AM Gen,
whether AM Gen is liable to satisfy the Judgment Debt and whether the MIB is
entitled to substantial damages. For this reason, the defendant submits that
the questions framed by the plaintiffs “do nothing to resolve the issue in the
action” because they do not put the legal bases of the plaintiffs’ claim
(particularly, that of an implied trust and the MIB’s entitlement to
substantial damages) before the court. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defendant’s submissions in SUM 4880/2016 dated 12 April 2017, para 127.

For the same reason the defendant submits that SUM 4880 does not dispose of
the whole matter or save time or costs. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendant’s submissions in SUM 4880/2016 dated 12 April 2017, para 281.

37 Order 14 r 12(1) of the Rules of Court states:

The Court may, upon the application of a party or of its own motion, determine
any question of law or construction of any document arising in any cause or
matter where it appears to the Court that —

(a) such question is suitable for determination without a full trial of the
action; and

(b) such determination will fully determine (subject only to any possible
appeal) the entire cause or matter or any claim or issue therein.

38 Order 14 r 12(1) enables the court to determine, “of its own motion”, any
question of law or construction of any document where such determination will
fully determine the entire cause or matter or any claim or issue therein. In
my view, the real issues between the parties are as follows:

(a) whether the plaintiffs have locus standi to sue in Suit 647;

(b) whether AM Gen is contractually obliged to satisfy the Judgment Debt; and

(c) if so, what relief the plaintiffs may obtain.

39 In my view, a determination of these issues would dispose of Suit 647 in
large part (at least as between the plaintiffs and the defendant) if not in
whole, and I see no reason not to determine them. Both the plaintiffs and the
defendant dealt with these issues at length in their respective submissions,
and I am satisfied that they had ample opportunity to be heard on them, as is
required under O 14 r 12(3). In my view, this is a case in which determination
under O 14 r 12 is appropriate. I will take the defendant’s other objections
in turn.

40 First, the defendant submits that SUM 4880 raises questions of public
importance. It will determine, for the first time, whether the victim of a
traffic accident involving a motor vehicle without insurance or effective
insurance coverage can sue the MIB directly (whether via an implied trust or
otherwise), and whether the MIB can compel the Insurer Concerned to pay the
judgment debt under cl 3 of the Domestic Agreement without first paying the
judgment creditor. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defendant’s submissions in SUM 4880/2016 dated 12 April 2017, paras 273–275.

While I agree that the issues framed are questions of public importance, in
that they will clarify the procedure for victims of traffic accidents
involving Malaysian vehicles to obtain compensation, I do not think that
renders them unsuitable for determination under O 14 r 12.

41 Some cases throw up questions of law which bear a strong nexus to the
factual context. In such cases the court will generally be in a better
position to answer the questions of law having had the benefit of the factual
evidence emerging at trial. The questions of law may also evoke public policy
concerns which the court can better appreciate through the evidence of
witnesses deeply familiar with that industry or topic. For example, in Obegi
Melissa and others v Vestwin Trading Pte Ltd and another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 540
(“Obegi”), the court was faced with the question whether a party which had
discarded certain office documents could be regarded to have abandoned and
thus relinquished ownership of those documents and their contents. If so,
another party which had retrieved those documents from the rubbish collection
point of the building where the office unit was located and had used the
information contained therein would not be liable for conversion or theft. The
Court of Appeal stated at [40]:

… In Lim and Tan Securities Pte v Sunbird Pte Ltd [1991] 2 SLR(R) 776, Chan
Sek Keong J (as he then was) held at [22] that “the novelty of the legal
issues and also the uncertainty of the factual issues that ha[d] become
apparent” warranted a full trial in that case. As this court pointed out in
Tat Lee Securities Pte Ltd v Tsang Tsang Kwong [1999] 3 SLR(R) 692, the O 14 r
12 procedure is not appropriate where the law relating to the issues in
dispute is unclear and more evidence is needed before those issues can be
satisfactorily determined. The present suit similarly raised novel legal
issues and required a full examination of all the relevant facts. It was thus
unsuitable for determination under O 14 r 12.

42 In Obegi, rubbish disposal raised “the issue of protecting the privacy of
individuals and business entities”, which was “a matter of considerable public
importance and should not be decided summarily” (at [42]). The Court of Appeal
strongly emphasised the nexus between the legal and factual aspects of the
case, observing that the suit “raised novel legal issues and required a full
examination of all the relevant facts” (at [40]), that “several important
findings of fact [needed] to be made before the … claim … [could] be properly
determined” (at [42]), that “[t]he resolution of these factual issues [might]
be necessary to determine precisely which party had ownership or possession of
the [d]ocuments at the time they were retrieved” (at [42]), that “close
scrutiny of the factual circumstances [was] necessary before it [could] be
ascertained whether equity [might] be or [had] been properly invoked to
protect the confidential information allegedly contained in the [d]ocuments”
(at [43]), and that “[o]n a full consideration of the facts, the use of the
[d]ocuments … [might] present novel questions of law” (at [43]).

43 Likewise, in TMT Asia Ltd v BHP Billiton Marketing AG (Singapore Branch)
and another [2015] 2 SLR 540, the High Court declined to use the O 14 r 12
procedure because there were “a number of important factual findings that
[needed] to be made before the questions … [could] be answered”, and the “lack
of expert evidence on industry practice [left] the court ill-equipped to
answer the questions” (at [38]).

44 This is not such a case. As stated above, the facts are within a narrow
compass and not disputed. The questions of law which arise for decision are
not specially related to the facts or dependent on the outcome of any factual
dispute. In my view, a trial judge would not be in a better position to
determine the questions posed purely by virtue of having heard the evidence of
the witnesses. Nor are the questions such as would benefit from the insight of
expert witnesses or witnesses intimately acquainted with the industry; they
primarily depend on a construction of the contractual documents and an
application of legal principles.

45 Secondly, the defendant submits that there are substantial factual disputes
in Suit 647. In particular, it submits that the plaintiffs are estopped by
convention from contending that Koo has locus standi as the beneficiary of an
implied trust arising from the Domestic and/or Special Agreements, because:

(a) Koo took the position in her solicitors’ letter to the Minister for
Finance on 28 January 2015 that the Minister for Finance should compel the MIB
to pay Koo (see [10] above) and is “therefore estopped from taking a different
position in this action”.

(b) The MIB denied liability to satisfy the Judgment Debt in OS 404 on the
basis that Koo had no locus standi to sue it, not being a party to the
Domestic Agreement (see [8] above), and cannot now contend that it is Koo’s
trustee under the Domestic and/or Special Agreements and that she has locus
standi to sue in Suit 647.

AM Gen reasons that estoppel by convention is an “intensely factual matter”,
and should therefore await unravelling at trial. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defendant’s submissions in SUM 4880/2016 dated 12 April 2017, paras 258–262.

46 There is, with respect, no merit in this submission. The doctrine of
estoppel by convention was described by the Court of Appeal in MAE Engineering
Ltd v Fire-Stop Marketing Services Pte Ltd [2005] 1 SLR(R) 379 at [44]–[45] in
the following terms:

Estoppel by convention is not founded on any representation but on an agreed
statement of facts the truth of which has been assumed by the parties to be
the basis of the transaction (see also Spencer Bower’s The Law Relating to
Estoppel by Representation (4th Ed, 2004) at para VIII.2.1.

In Singapore Island Country Club v Hilborne [1996] 3 SLR(R) 418, the Court of
Appeal laid down the following criteria for estoppel by convention (at [27]):

(a) that there must be a course of dealing between the two parties in a
contractual relationship;

(b) that the course of dealing must be such that both parties must have
proceeded on the basis of an agreed interpretation of the contract; and

(c) that it must be unjust to allow one party to go back on the agreed
interpretation.

47 There is no evidence of any “course of dealing” between AM Gen and Koo.
There is only a single letter sent to the Minister (apparently without copying
AM Gen), requesting the Minister to sue the MIB under the terms of the
Principal Agreement. There is certainly nothing that could even remotely
suggest an understanding (much less a convention or practice) between Koo and
AM Gen that AM Gen was not obliged to satisfy the Judgment Debt under the
terms of the Domestic Agreement. Nor is there any evidence of a “course of
dealing” between AM Gen and the MIB regarding Koo’s locus standi. The fact
that the MIB took a different position on this issue of law in OS 404 falls
far short of establishing the type of conduct capable of giving rise to an
estoppel by convention.

48 The defendants did not point to any other factual disputes in their
submissions and I see none that could have any bearing on the questions as I
have framed them. I therefore see no reason not to determine the issues in
dispute under O 14 r 12; on the contrary, determination will save the parties
significant time and costs.

Question 1: Whether the plaintiffs have locus standi to sue in Suit 647

49 To support their argument of implied trust, the plaintiffs cite various
authorities, including Tomlinson v Gill (1756) Amb 330 (“Tomlinson”), Gregory
and Parker v Williams (1817) 3 MER 582 (“Gregory”), Hardy v Motor Insurers’
Bureau [1964] 2 All ER 742 (“Hardy”), Gurtner v Circuit [1968] 2 QB 587
(“Gurtner”), Ramli bin Shahdan & Anor v Motor Insurers’ Bureau of West
Malaysia & Anor [2006] 2 MLJ 116 (“Ramli”) and TKM (Singapore) Pte Ltd v
Export Credit Insurance Corp of Singapore Ltd [1992] 2 SLR(R) 858 (“TKM”). No
argument was made on the basis of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act
(Cap 53B, 2002 Rev Ed), presumably because the agreements concerned were
entered into before the period to which that Act applies (see s 1 of the Act).

50 Gurtner was a case in which the victim of a traffic accident sued the Motor
Insurers’ Bureau of the UK (“the UK MIB”) for satisfaction of an unsatisfied
judgment against the tortfeasor, pursuant to the UK MIB’s obligation under an
agreement entered into between the UK MIB and the Minister of Transport on 17
June 1946 (“the Uninsured Drivers’ Agreement”). This is equivalent to the
obligation of the MIB under cl 3 of the Principal Agreement in Singapore.
Motor accident victims were not party to the Uninsured Drivers’ Agreement and
the Court of Appeal took the view that the Minister had not entered into it as
their agent. Their Lordships unanimously agreed that the only person capable
of enforcing the Uninsured Drivers’ Agreement was therefore the Minister
himself; the unsatisfied judgment creditor had no right of action against the
UK MIB. The court also took the view, however, that accident victims could
indirectly seek payment from the UK MIB by compelling the Minister of
Transport to sue on the Principal Agreement and obtaining an order of specific
performance (see 596B–D, 598F–599B and 606A–B). Lord Denning MR and Diplock LJ
also considered that such an order, once obtained by the Minister of
Transport, could be enforced against the UK MIB directly by the unsatisfied
judgment creditor in whose favour the order was made (see 596B–D per Lord
Denning MR and 598F–599B per Diplock LJ), although Salmon LJ disagreed (see
606A–B). For this proposition Lord Denning MR relied on the obiter dictum of
Lord Pearce in Beswick at 91F–G, to the effect that O 45 r 9 of the Rules of
the Supreme Court 1965 (SI 1965 No 1776) (UK) would enable the plaintiff widow
in that case (for whose benefit the court made the order of specific
performance) to enforce payment directly. I pause to note that we have the
same provision in our Rules of Court. Gurtner is also cited in Snell’s Equity
(John McGhee gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 33rd Ed, 2015) at para 17-011 for the
proposition that though the third party cannot himself sue on the contract, he
can enforce any order for specific performance which the contracting party
obtains.

51 Gurtner is therefore authority that a traffic accident victim has no action
at common law against the MIB directly, but may compel the Public Trustee to
sue the MIB on the Principal Agreement should the MIB fail to discharge its
obligations thereunder. I have already expressed my view at [11] above that
the Public Trustee was wrong to wash its hands of this dispute over Koo’s
unsatisfied judgment.

52 Gurtner was followed by the Malaysian Court of Appeal in Ramli at [27]. The
appellants in that case were a motorcyclist and his pillion rider who had
suffered grave injuries in a collision with another motorcycle whose rider had
no third party risk coverage at the time of the accident. Judgment was entered
against the uninsured rider of the other motorcycle. The appellants commenced
proceedings against the MIBWM and the Minister of Transport of Malaysia for
payment of the judgment sum, pursuant to an agreement which had been entered
into between the MIBWM and the Minister on 15 January 1968 (“the Malaysian
Principal Agreement”).

53 The MIBWM took issue with the appellants’ locus standi, as they were not
party to the Malaysian Principal Agreement. In rejecting this argument, the
Court of Appeal cited Gurtner, Tomlinson and Gregory for the proposition (at
[33]) that:

… [W]hen a contract as in our present instance is made between first
respondent and second respondent for the benefit of the appellants, then
second respondent can sue on the contract for the benefit of the appellants,
and recover all that the appellants would have recovered as [if] the contract
had been made by the appellant himself. Implicit in this proposition of ours,
is the fact that if the second respondent fails in his duty, the appellants as
beneficiaries under the implied trust, may successfully maintain an action
against the first respondent and second respondent as joint defendants. This
issue of locus of the appellants, to sue, is for purposes of this appeal cadit
quaestio.

The plaintiffs rely on these authorities to say that Koo may maintain an
action against AM Gen directly on the basis of an implied trust, in which the
MIB is trustee for traffic accident victims.

54 However, the remarks in Gurtner and Ramli concerned the obligations of the
UK and Malaysian motor insurers’ bureaux under the UK and Malaysian
equivalents of the Principal Agreement respectively, whereas the present case
concerns the obligations of the Insurer Concerned (not the MIB) under the
Domestic Agreement. I do not think that the Domestic Agreement can be
characterised as giving rise to an implied trust in Koo’s favour.

55 For the court to find that the promisee holds the contractual promise on
trust for a third party, the contractual promise must have been obtained for
the benefit of the third party. In Tomlinson, for example, the defendant Gill
promised the widow of an intestate to make good any deficiency of assets to
pay the debts of the intestate if she would permit him to be joined in the
letters of administration. The creditors brought an action against Gill for
satisfaction of their debts. Lord Hardwicke held that they could not bring an
action at law for lack of privity, but could do so in equity because “the
promise was for the benefit of the creditors, and the widow is a trustee for
them”.

56 Tomlinson was followed in Gregory, in which a man named Parker agreed to
transfer certain assets to another named Williams, on condition that Williams
use the assets to discharge Parker’s debt to a creditor named Gregory. Sir
William Grant MR held that Gregory could not recover at law against Williams,
but could do so in equity as he “derive[d] an equitable right through the
mediation of Parker’s agreement” and could “insist upon the benefit of the
promise made to Parker”. The principle was approved by the House of Lords in
Les Affréteurs Réunis Société Anonyme v Leopold Walford (London), Limited
[1919] AC 801.

57 The Principal Agreement is analogous. There is no doubt that the various
contractual promises given by the MIB – including the obligation to satisfy
unpaid judgments under cl 3 – were given to the Minister for the benefit of
traffic accident victims, who would otherwise face great difficulty obtaining
compensation from uninsured or untraced drivers. However, the same cannot be
said of cl 3(1) of the Domestic Agreement. Since the victims would be
protected by cl 3 of the Principal Agreement in any event, it is more accurate
to say that cl 3(1) of the Domestic Agreement was entered into for the benefit
of the MIB. In effect, the MIB transferred its obligation to satisfy unpaid
judgments to the Insurers Concerned. This is captured in Tan Lee Meng,
Insurance Law in Singapore (Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1997) at p 650:

The understanding between the [MIB] and the motor insurers adopts what has
been termed the “insurer concerned” principle. This means that in cases where
there is a policy in existence in respect of the vehicle which caused injury
or death, the responsibility of complying with the arrangements made under the
Principal Agreement is delegated to the insurer which issued the policy.

[emphasis added]

The learned author cites cl 3(1) of the Domestic Agreement as an example.

58 Moreover, there must usually be some evidence that the contracting party
intended to make himself a trustee of the benefit of the contract for the
purported beneficiary, beyond the mere fact that the purported beneficiary
stands to benefit from the contract (Underhill and Hayton: Law of Trusts and
Trustees (David Hayton, Paul Matthews & Charles Mitchell eds) (LexisNexis,
19th Ed, 2016) at para 9.88; see also Gandy v Gandy (1884) 30 Ch D 57, in
which Cotton LJ remarked at 68 that where C agrees with A to discharge A’s
debt to B, that does not make B a cestui que trust). Even an intention to
benefit the third party is insufficient – there must have been an intention to
create a trust, although there is no need to use the words “trust” and
“trustee” (Chitty on Contracts (Hugh Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 32nd ed,
2015) (“Chitty”) at paras 18-081 and 18-084; Treitel: The Law of Contract
(Edwin Peel gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th ed, 2015) (“Treitel”) at paras
14-082 and 14-085).

59 In this case, the Preamble to the Principal Agreement states that the
parties thereto “are desirous of implementing a scheme to secure compensation
to third party victims of road accidents” in cases where “the victim is
deprived of compensation by the absence of insurance, or of effective
insurance” and “when the driver responsible for the accident could not be
traced”. By contrast, the Preamble to the Domestic Agreement does not mention
traffic accident victims at all. It states only that the Principal Agreement
“imposes on the Bureau certain obligations”, and that “all parties are
desirous of carrying out” those obligations and of “putting into effect the
objects of the Bureau … in the most efficient expeditious and economical
manner”. I therefore do not think it can be said that cl 3(1) of the Domestic
Agreement was a promise held on trust by the MIB for victims like Koo. Rather,
it was a promise made by all insurers to the MIB for the MIB’s benefit.

60 I should add that, even if an implied trust were to arise in the context of
cl 3(1) of the Domestic Agreement, it would not give Koo a direct action
against the Insurer Concerned in her own right. Both Gurtner and Ramli held
that, should the MIB fail to satisfy unsatisfied judgments obtained by traffic
accident victims, the Minister could sue on the Principal Agreement but the
victims ordinarily could not. (I note that in Gurtner it was held that the
Minister should sue for specific performance of the agreement, while in Ramli
it was held that the Minister would be able to recover substantial damages;
but this is not relevant to the case at hand.) In both cases it was also held
that, should the Minister refuse to sue, the victim could join him as a
defendant and thus compel performance. The victims would therefore ordinarily
have no recourse against the MIB directly, not being party to the Principal
Agreement; it was only if the Minister refused to sue that the victims could
commence proceedings against the Minister and the MIB jointly.

61 This is confirmed by The State-Owned Company Yugoimport SDPR (also known as
Jugoimport-SDPR) v Westacre Investments Inc and other appeals [2016] 5 SLR 372
(“Yugoimport”), in which the Court of Appeal stated at [116] that “a
beneficiary under a trust cannot sue a third party in relation to the trust
property because he does not have a claim at law against the third party and
thus has no cause of action against him”. Although the beneficiary may sue a
third party directly under what has come to be known as the Vandepitte
procedure, that procedure applies to situations in which the trustee refuses
to sue. In Vandepitte v Preferred Accident Insurance Corporation of New York
[1933] AC 70 the Privy Council stated at 79 that:

... [A] party to a contract can constitute himself a trustee for a third party
of a right under the contract and thus confer such rights enforceable in
equity on the third party. The trustee then can take steps to enforce
performance to the beneficiary by the other contracting party as in the case
of other equitable rights. The action should be in the name of the trustee;
if, however, he refuses to sue, the beneficiary can sue, joining the trustee
as a defendant.

[emphasis added]

62 Vandepitte was followed in Harmer v Armstrong [1934] Ch 65, in which the
English Court of Appeal said at 83 that “if the trustee will not enforce [the
beneficiaries’ rights] for them the beneficiaries can come before the Court
but they must bring before the Court the trustee also”. The nature and purpose
of the Vandepitte procedure were described in Yugoimport at [117] as follows:

… [T]he Vandepitte procedure is a rule of procedure, and not a rule of
substance. Its purpose is to serve as a procedural “short-cut” to avoid the
multiplicity of actions. In a normal case where the trustee refuses to sue a
third party, a beneficiary under a trust would have to bring an action against
the trustee to compel him to begin an action against the third party, or to
replace the trustee. The Vandepitte procedure allows instead for the
conflation of the two actions, such that the beneficiary can bring an action
against the third party in his own name, while also joining the trustee as a
defendant. But the Vandepitte procedure does not affect the substantive rights
of the parties. The right that the beneficiary enforces under such an action
is the right of the trustee. …

[emphasis added]

63 Snell’s Equity states at para 3-050, citing Vandepitte, that in general
only the trustee has the right to sue the debtor or obligor, but if the
trustee refuses to sue, the beneficiary may sue and join the trustee as a
second defendant.

64 Applying that principle, if an implied trust were to arise in the context
of the Domestic Agreement and the MIB refused to enforce cl 3(1) of the
Domestic Agreement against the Insurer Concerned, the victim would be able to
sue the Insurer Concerned and the MIB as co-defendants. In that situation, the
victim would be suing “in right of the trustees and in the room of the
trustees, who should be joined as defendants”, rather than “enforcing a right
reciprocal to some duty owed directly to [her] by [the Insurer Concerned]”
(Philip H Pettit, Equity and the Law of Trusts (Oxford University Press, 12th
Ed, 2012) at p 414). In the case before me, the MIB has commenced proceedings
against the Insurer Concerned for Koo’s benefit. Her inclusion as co-plaintiff
adds nothing to the MIB’s case against the Insurer Concerned, whom Koo has no
locus standi to sue in her own right.

65 The MIB, on the other hand, clearly has locus standi to sue AM Gen for any
breaches of its contractual obligations under the Special Agreement (read with
the Domestic Agreement), to which both the MIB and AM Gen are party. This is
not and indeed cannot be disputed.

Question 2: Whether AM Gen is contractually obliged to satisfy the Judgment
Debt

66 That brings me to the question of whether AM Gen is contractually obliged
to satisfy the Judgment Debt directly (rather than merely indemnifying the
MIB) under cl 2 of the Special Agreement read with cl 3(1) of the Domestic
Agreement.

67 AM Gen submits that the MIB’s obligation under cl 3 of the Principal
Agreement takes priority over the Insurer Concerned’s obligation under cl 3(1)
of the Domestic Agreement, such that the Insurer Concerned merely has a duty
to indemnify the MIB after the MIB pays the judgment sum directly to the
victim. In support it cites Pacific & Orient at [60(b)]:

[I]f MIB is to satisfy the said judgment obtained by that passenger, to the
extent that it remains unsatisfied in the situation referred to above, MIB is
entitled to recover this amount from P&O Insurance which shall indemnify MIB
for all amounts, costs and/or interest paid by MIB in connection with the
judgment.

68 However, that passage only states that if the MIB satisfies the judgment
debt, it is entitled to be indemnified by the Insurer Concerned. That follows
from a plain reading of cl 6 of the Domestic Agreement, which provides that if
in any case it appears to the Council of the MIB expedient (ie, appropriate,
suitable, practical or convenient), the Council may itself satisfy any
judgment which under the terms of cl 3 an Insurer Concerned is obliged to
satisfy (see [73] below).

69 It may be apposite at this juncture to point out that Pacific & Orient did
not decide and is not authority for the proposition that the MIB has to
satisfy the judgment debt first before it can recover the same from the
Insurer Concerned. The ratio decidendi of Pacific & Orient, found at [60], is
as follows:

(a) Where a Malaysian insurer which has signed a Special Agreement with the
MIB insures the driver or rider of a Malaysian registered vehicle, and that
vehicle is involved in an accident in Singapore resulting in personal injury
to a passenger of the said vehicle, then notwithstanding that such personal
injury is excluded or not covered by the terms of the Malaysian insurer’s
policy, the Malaysian insurer is an “Insurer Concerned”, and is required and
therefore under an obligation to satisfy any judgment obtained by the said
passenger against the said driver pursuant to cl 3(1) of the Domestic
Agreement.

(b) If the MIB is to satisfy the judgment obtained by that passenger, to the
extent that it remains unsatisfied in the aforesaid situation, the MIB is
entitled to recover this amount from the “Insurer Concerned”, who shall
indemnify the MIB for all amounts, costs and/or interest paid by the MIB in
connection with the judgment.

70 AM Gen’s argument that cl 3 of the Principal Agreement takes priority over
cl 3(1) of the Domestic Agreement is, with respect, quite misplaced. Although
there is no language in either provision which indicates that one is subject
to the other, it is important to remember that the Principal Agreement is one
between the Minister for Finance and the MIB, not the individual insurers.
Clause 3 of the Principal Agreement provides that if a relevant judgment is
not satisfied within 28 days from the date it is given, the MIB will, subject
to certain provisions of Part II, pay or cause to be paid to the victim the
sum payable or any part remaining unpaid. That obligation is owed by the MIB
to the Minister. The Domestic Agreement, on the other hand, is a separate
agreement between the MIB and its members (or insurers who are under the same
obligations as its members by virtue of the Special Agreement they signed with
the MIB). Clause 3(1) of the Domestic Agreement (read with the Special
Agreement) places the obligation on the Insurer Concerned to satisfy the
judgment creditor if and to the extent that the relevant judgment is not
satisfied or fully satisfied by the judgment debtor within 28 days from the
date of the judgment. There is therefore nothing express or implied in these
agreements that requires the MIB to satisfy the judgment under the Principal
Agreement first before any liability arises as between the MIB and the
individual insurers under the Domestic Agreement read with the Special
Agreement.

71 On the contrary, as a matter of construction, AM Gen’s interpretation of cl
3(1) of the Domestic Agreement is clearly incorrect for the following reasons.

72 First, it is at odds with the wording of cl 3(1), which requires the
Insurer Concerned to “satisfy the Original Judgment Creditor if and to the
extent that the Judgment has not been satisfied by the Judgment Debtor within
twenty-eight days” [emphasis added] (see [26] above). Clause 3(1) thus
unequivocally obliges the Insurer Concerned to pay the judgment sum to the
victim, not to indemnify the MIB. The defendant’s interpretation amounts to
rewriting cl 3(1) such that the Insurer Concerned’s obligation takes effect as
an obligation to indemnify or reimburse the MIB.

73 Secondly, cl 6 of the Domestic Agreement states:

If in any case it appears to the Council of the Bureau expedient the Bureau
may itself satisfy any Judgment which under the terms of Clause 3 hereof an
Insurer is obliged to satisfy and in such case the Bureau shall be entitled to
recover from such Insurer the sum paid by it.

Clause 6 gives the MIB the discretion to satisfy the judgment debt, which
necessarily implies that it has no obligation to do so. This must be because
satisfaction of the unpaid judgment debt is the obligation of the Insurer
Concerned. It is only if the MIB decides to itself satisfy the judgment that
the Insurer Concerned discharges its obligations under the Domestic Agreement
by reimbursing the MIB rather than paying the victim directly.

74 Thirdly, cl 4 of the Domestic Agreement states:

All payments made by an Insurer under Clause 3(1) hereof shall be deemed to be
made in discharge of the liability of the Bureau under the [Principal]
Agreement to make the same.

Clause 4 would not be necessary if the role of the Insurer Concerned were
confined to reimbursing or indemnifying the MIB for satisfaction of the
judgment, since satisfaction by the MIB would have already discharged the
MIB’s liability under the Principal Agreement.

75 Fourthly, it is apparent from both cl 4 and the Preamble to the Domestic
Agreement (see [59] above) that cl 3(1) was intended to delegate certain of
the MIB’s obligations under the Principal Agreement to the Insurer Concerned.
As I stated in Pacific & Orient, cl 3 of the Domestic Agreement “simply
represents a transmission of MIB’s mirror obligation under the Principal
Agreement to its members via the ‘Insurer Concerned’ mechanism” (at [40]). It
follows from the concept of delegation that the obligation of the Insurer
Concerned under cl 3(1) of the Domestic Agreement must take the same shape and
form as the MIB’s obligation under cl 3 of the Principal Agreement – that is,
to satisfy the judgment debt in the first instance, rather than waiting for
the MIB to do so.

76 Fifthly, cl 3 of the Principal Agreement envisages that in the case of an
unsatisfied judgment against an uninsured driver, the MIB will “pay or cause
to be paid” any sum payable thereunder or “satisfy or cause to be satisfied”
such judgment [emphasis added]. The terms in italics imply that the MIB need
not pay or satisfy the judgment in the first instance, and may cause the sum
to be paid through other means. The plaintiffs submit, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Minute Sheet, 9 October 2017.

and I agree, that one of the ways in which the MIB might cause such judgment
to be paid or satisfied is by suing the Insurer Concerned under the Domestic
and Special Agreements, as the MIB is doing in these proceedings.

77 I think it is also worth repeating that the recitals in the Domestic
Agreement or memorandum of the MIB clearly state, inter alia, that the
Principal Agreement imposes certain obligations on the MIB (which I repeat are
owed to the Minister for Finance) and “all parties are desirous of carrying
out” the Principal Agreement and “putting into effect the objects of the
Bureau … in the most efficient expeditious and economical manner” [emphasis
added]. The MIB and its members have determined that one of the most
efficient, expeditious and economical mechanisms to carry out the MIB’s
obligations is through the “Insurer Concerned” principle, which obviates the
need for the MIB to make frequent calls for cash contributions from its
members and the need to maintain a large pool of reserves with all the
financial accounting and administrative obligations that would entail (see
[137] below).

78 AM Gen referred to a UK treatise, The Law of Motor Insurance (Robert Merkin
and Jeremy Stuart-Smith eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 1st Ed, 2004) (“The Law of
Motor Insurance (1st Ed)”), to support its position that the MIB must first
satisfy the judgment sum before looking to the Insurer Concerned for
reimbursement. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defendant’s submissions in SUM 4880/2016 dated 12 April 2017, para 163.

With respect, this argument must also fail.

79 I accept that the law of insurance in Singapore has its roots in English
insurance law, and our Principal and Domestic Agreements are modelled on the
Malaysian equivalents, which in turn were modelled on the English
arrangements. But the Singapore and English arrangements are not identical.
The UK MIB has signed two agreements with the Secretary of State for
Transport: an Uninsured Drivers’ Agreement (current version signed on 3 July
2015) and an Untraced Drivers’ Agreement (current version signed on 28
February 2017). The two agreements correspond to Parts II and III of the
Principal Agreement in Singapore respectively. Our Domestic Agreement bears
some similarity to Art 79 (previously Art 75) of the UK MIB’s articles of
association, and the Insurer Concerned is known in the UK as the “Article 79
Insurer” (previously the “Article 75 Insurer”). The Law of Motor Insurance
(1st Ed) states at para 7-61:

The MIB is required under the Uninsured Drivers Agreement to meet a judgment
obtained by a third party against an uninsured driver within seven days from
the date on which the third party was entitled to enforce the judgment, to the
extent that the judgment has not been satisfied by the driver. Under cl.4(1)
of Article 75 [equivalent to cl 3(1) of the Domestic Agreement in Singapore],
the obligation to satisfy a judgment is imposed upon an Article 75 insurer
acting on behalf of the MIB … As the obligation to satisfy a judgment against
an uninsured driver is, so far as the third party is concerned, one imposed on
the MIB, the MIB itself must – under cl.6 of Article 75 – itself satisfy the
judgment within that period if for any reason it has not been fully satisfied
by the Article 75 Insurer. …

[emphasis added]

80 AM Gen relies on the portion in italics for the proposition that “if the
Article 75 Insurer does not pay, the obligation must be met by the MIB”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Defendant’s submissions in SUM 4880/2016 dated 12 April 2017, paras 158 and
163.

This text and proposition relied upon by AM Gen appear to follow from the
wording of Cl 6 of Article 75. However, Cl 6 does not exist in isolation and
sits alongside other clauses. Clauses 4–6 state (see The Law of Motor
Insurance (1st Ed) at p 850):

Clause 4

(1) IF a judgment is obtained against any judgment debtor the Article 75
Insurer will satisfy the original judgment creditor if and to the extent that
the judgment has not within seven days of the execution date [defined as the
date upon which the original judgment creditor became entitled to enforce it
against the judgment debtor] been satisfied by the judgment debtor.

(2) …

Clause 5

THE making of any payment by an Article 75 Insurer under Clause 4(1) hereof
shall not entitle that Insurer to any reimbursement in respect thereof from
MIB.

Clause 6

IF a judgment is obtained against any judgment debtor and remains unsatisfied,
MIB will after the expiry of seven days from the execution date itself satisfy
the same.

81 It becomes clear, in context, that the Article 75 Insurer has to satisfy
the judgment under Cl 4. If the Article 75 Insurer fails to do so, the
obligation for the MIB to do so kicks in under Cl 6. The preceding Cl 5 makes
clear that if the Article 75 Insurer pays the judgment creditor it shall not
be entitled to any reimbursement from the MIB. Even in the context of Article
75, the clauses do not say that the Article 75 Insurer (ie, the Insurer
Concerned) has no obligation to satisfy the judgment until the UK MIB has done
so. AM Gen’s contention to this effect amounts to re-writing the clauses and
is clearly untenable.

82 It is also important to emphasise that the equivalent of Cl 6 is not found
in the Domestic Agreement, the Principal Agreement or the Special Agreement.
There is no clause in any of those agreements which expressly requires the MIB
to satisfy the judgment in the event that the Insurer Concerned fails to do
so.

83 It is worth noting that Cl 6 was subsequently deleted from Article 75. It
does not appear in the version of Article 75 found at Appendix 8 of the second
edition of the text, The Law of Motor Insurance (Robert Merkin and Maggie
Hemsworth eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2015) (“The Law of Motor Insurance
(2nd Ed)”), which was not brought to my attention by counsel. At the same
time, the old Cll 4(1) and 5 were amalgamated into a new Cl 3 (see para
A8-03):

(3) Obligation to satisfy judgments

(a) If a Road Traffic Act Judgment [defined as “a judgment obtained in a court
of competent jurisdiction in respect of a Road Traffic Act Liability”] is
obtained the Article 75 Insurer will satisfy the original judgment creditor if
and to the extent that the judgment has not within seven days of the execution
date been satisfied by the judgment debtor.

(b) The making of any payment by an Article 75 Insurer under paragraph (3)(a)
of this Article shall not entitle that Member to any reimbursement in respect
thereof from the Bureau.

84 These amendments to Article 75 prompted amendments to the text of the
treatise. The relevant paragraph of The Law of Motor Insurance (2nd Ed) is now
numbered as para 7-68 and reads as follows:

By art.75(3) the art.75 insurer has an obligation to satisfy a judgment, in
default of settlement within seven days by the judgment debtor, where that
judgment relates to liability arising out of the use of a motor vehicle on a
road as is required to be covered by the RTA 1988 … As the obligation to
satisfy a judgment against an uninsured driver is, so far as the third party
is concerned, one imposed on the MIB, the MIB has an obligation to satisfy the
judgment, subject to the terms of the Uninsured Drivers’ Agreement 1999 or
2015. …

The italicised portion of the quotation at [79] above has been reworded,
presumably because the old Cl 6 was deleted. Given that the old Cl 6 likewise
finds no equivalent in our Domestic Agreement, the quotation from The Law of
Motor Insurance (1st Ed) is of little persuasive value here.

85 AM Gen also placed great reliance on the Federal Court of Malaysia’s recent
decision of Iskandar bin Mohd Nuli v AmGeneral Insurance Bhd (previously known
as AmG Insurance Bhd) [2017] 5 MLJ 25 (“Iskandar (FC)” or “Iskandar” for the
case at first instance) to support its submission that the victim must first
obtain satisfaction of the Judgment Debt from the MIB before the Insurer
Concerned’s indemnity under the Special Agreement arises.

86 In Iskandar, the owner of a motorcar, Sharul, lent his motorcar to one
Iskandar. Iskandar drove into Singapore with his wife, Zuraini, as a
passenger. The motorcar was involved in a road traffic accident in Singapore
on 13 December 2010, as a result of which Zuraini sustained injuries. On 31
January 2013, Zuraini instituted an action for negligence in the Singapore
High Court against Iskandar. The motorcar was insured by AM Gen at the time
and the policy of insurance, like the Policy in the present case, excluded
coverage for passenger liability.

87 While Zuraini’s suit was still pending in Singapore, AM Gen commenced a
suit in the Malaysian High Court against the owner of the car as first
defendant and against Iskandar as second defendant and sought four
declarations, the first of which read as follows:

A declaration that [AM Gen] is not liable to satisfy any judgment or part
thereof obtained by [Zuraini] in the Singapore Suit against the [second
defendant driver].

The other three declarations related to AM Gen not being liable under its
policy to the first defendant owner and/or the second defendant driver for
Zuraini’s injuries, loss or damage arising from the accident in Singapore;
that the second defendant driver was in fundamental breach of the terms of the
policy; and that if AM Gen was held directly or indirectly liable to satisfy
any judgment or part thereof obtained by Zuraini in the Singapore suit, then
AM Gen would be entitled to an indemnity from the first and/or the second
defendant. The learned Judge at first instance dismissed the claim and
declined to grant any of the declarations prayed for. She held that AM Gen was
liable to satisfy the judgment for damages obtained by Zuraini notwithstanding
that the policy excluded cover for passenger liability; that AM Gen was liable
under the policy to the second defendant as authorised driver; that the second
defendant driver was not in breach of the contract of insurance; and that AM
Gen was not entitled to an indemnity from the second defendant driver.

88 Three things stand out from this action in Malaysia. First, it was an
action by an insurer against its insured and the authorised driver, and three
of the four declarations sought related to claims as between the insurer and
insured. Secondly, the first declaration was, whether deliberately or not I
cannot tell, worded widely enough to encompass the rights as between AM Gen
and the MIB and indeed Zuraini as well. Thirdly, and most importantly, having
started the action in Malaysia and asking for a widely worded declaration that
affected MIB’s claim under the Domestic Agreement and Special Agreement
against AM Gen as the Insurer Concerned, AM Gen nonetheless chose, again
whether deliberately or not I cannot tell, not to add the MIB as a party to
that action. Similarly, AM Gen also chose not to add Zuraini as a party to the
Malaysian action.

89 It is a very basic tenet of law that before one obtains a remedy against
another party, including a declaration of rights inter se, or that affects the
rights of that other party, that other party should at least be heard or made
a party to the action: see Family Food Court, where the Court of Appeal at
[64] cited the Privy Council decision of Pegang Mining Co Ltd v Choong Sam
[1969] 2 MLJ 52 at 55:

In their Lordships’ view one of the principal objects of the rule [ie, the
then Malaysian equivalent of O 15 r 6 of the ROC] is to enable the court to
prevent injustice being done to a person whose rights will be affected by its
judgment by proceeding to adjudicate upon the matter in dispute in the action
without his being given an opportunity of being heard. …

In Tan Yow Kon v Tan Swat Ping and others [2006] 3 SLR(R) 881, Sundaresh Menon
JC (as he then was) also cited the above dicta from Pegang Mining at [37] and
further added at [40]:

… The plaintiff being the party that has brought the matter for adjudication
prima facie has the choice of who he wishes to proceed against. But his is by
no means the overriding choice. Once the court has been seised of the matter,
although it will have due regard to the plaintiff’s choice, it has the
overriding discretion as to who should be before it in order to ensure that
the issues raised are properly and fairly disposed of and that all those
having a legitimate interest in the subject matter of the proceedings have had
the opportunity to be heard.

This is also encapsulated in Singapore Civil Procedure 2018, Vol I (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2018) (Foo Chee Hock, gen ed) where it states at para 15/6/2:

[O 15 r 6] has not altered the legal principles with regard to parties to
actions, and in no way qualified the necessity of having before the court the
proper parties necessary for determining the point at issue.

90 Unsurprisingly, the Malaysian authorities are to similar effect, eg:

(a) In the Federal Court decision of Hong Leong Bank Bhd (formerly known as
Hong Leong Finance Bhd) v Staghorn Sdn Bhd and other appeals [2008] 2 MLJ 622,
Abdul Hamid Mohamad CJ cited (at [79]) the dictum from Pegang Mining:

… one of the principal objectives of the rule is to enable the court to
prevent injustice being done to a person whose rights will be affected by its
judgment by proceeding to adjudicate upon the matter in dispute in the action
without his being given an opportunity of being heard.

He cited further from Pegang Mining at [80]: “A better way of expressing the
test is will his rights against or liabilities to any party to the action in
respect of the subject-matter of the action be directly affected by any order
which may be made in the action.” Abdul Aziz Mohamad FCJ said, at [115]:

For it to be said that his ‘rights will be affected’ by the judgment of the
court, the party to be added must of course have an interest in the subject
matter of the action. At p 56 B (left) Lord Diplock expressed the test for the
interest in the following words: ‘will his rights against or liabilities to
any party to the action in respect of the subject matter of the action be
directly affected by any order which may be made in the action?’ …

(b) I note that in his submissions, Iskandar cited the case of Air Express
International (M) Sdn Bhd v MISC Agencies Sdn Bhd [2012] 4 MLJ 59, a decision
of the Malaysian Court of Appeal, to the Federal Court, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Affidavit of Achala Krishna Menon in SUM 4880, affirmed on 23 October 2017, p
133.

referring the latter to the statement of Viscount Radcliffe in Ikebife
Ibeneweka and others v Peter Egbuna and another [1964] 1 WLR 219 (“Ikebife
Ibeneweka”) at 226: “… [T]here has never been any unqualified rule of practice
that forbids the making of a declaration even when some of the persons
interested in the subject of the declaration are not before the court.”
However, that citation is incomplete because in the very next sentence,
Viscount Radcliffe says:

Where, as here, defendants have decided to make themselves the champions of
the rights of those not represented and have fought the case on that basis,
and where, as here, the trial judge takes the view that the interested parties
not represented are in reality fighting the suit, so to say, from behind the
hedge, there is, in their Lordships’ opinion, no principle of law which
disentitles the same judge from disposing of the case by making a declaration
of title in the plaintiffs’ favour.

Indeed the full passage from Ikebife Ibeneweka was cited by the Supreme Court
in Dewan Undangan Negeri Kelantan and another v Nordin bin Salleh and another
[1992] 1 MLJ 697 (cited in Air Express International at [20]). Having cited
the above remarks, Gunn Chit Tuan SCJ then made the point that the appellants
“were in reality fighting the suit on behalf of” persons who had not been
joined (see 719I–720C), placing that case squarely within the exceptional
situation described by Viscount Radcliffe. Similarly, in Ketua Pengarah
Jabatan Alam Sekitar and another v Kajing Tubek and others and other appeals
[1997] 3 MLJ 23, the Malaysian Court of Appeal cited the full passage from
Ikebife Ibeneweka and then stated:

The exceptional circumstances to which Lord Radcliffe referred in the
foregoing passage are … absent in the present case. The learned judge was
therefore wrong in rejecting the argument … for denying standing in point of
relief. … There is no dispute that declaratory judgments are in the discretion
of the court … It is not a discretion exercisable at the mere whim and fancy
of an individual judge. It is a discretion that is to be exercised in
accordance with settled practice and well-established principles that regulate
the grant of the remedy. …

(c) In Tohtonku Sdn Bhd v Superace (M) Sdn Bhd [1989] 2 MLJ 298, Wan Adnan J
(as he then was), after citing dicta from Pegang Mining, said at 300G (left):
“To prevent injustice being done the court should allow a person whose rights
will be affected by its judgment an opportunity of being heard.”

(d) In Eh Riyid v Eh Tek [1976] 1 MLJ 262.1, Raja Azlan Shah FJ (as he then
was) said at 263H–I (right):

My view of the matter is that it is a rule pertaining to [the] adding of
parties and which affects the right of a person if judgment is passed in his
absence and without giving him an opportunity of being heard. The … key of the
whole rule is that no cause or matter shall be defeated by reason of the
misjoinder or nonjoinder of parties, which means that if the court cannot
decide the question without the presence of other parties, the cause is not to
be defeated, but the parties are to be added so as to put the proper parties
before the court.

91 AM Gen appealed against the High Court’s decision. Before the Court of
Appeal, AM Gen confined its appeal only to the refusal of the second and
fourth declarations; there was no appeal from the refusal to grant the first
declaration (cited at [87] above) and the third.

92 The Court of Appeal allowed AM Gen’s appeal. It drew a distinction between
AM Gen’s liability under the policy of insurance and AM Gen’s liability under
the Special Agreement (AmGeneral Insurance Bhd v Iskandar bin Mohd Nuli [2016]
1 MLJ 818 (“Iskandar (CA)”) at [57]). The court took the view that AM Gen’s
liability under the Special Agreement arose only in Singapore under a
compulsory arrangement which had no effect on AM Gen’s rights under the
policy. The Special Agreement did not “affect or alter the rights under the
policy inter se [AM Gen] qua insurer, [the motorcar owner] qua insured and
[Iskandar] qua authorised driver” (at [58]). It held that, as a result, AM
Gen’s exclusion of passenger liability under the policy of insurance was
“preserved”.

93 Additionally, the Court of Appeal cited Pacific & Orient for the
proposition that AM Gen’s liability under the Special Agreement would only
arise if (a) Zuraini obtained judgment on her claim against Iskandar in the
Singapore suit, and (b) the MIB paid on the judgment sum (see Iskandar (CA) at
[37], [38] and [58]).

94 I agree with the proposition that AM Gen’s liability under the Special
Agreement would only arise if Zuraini obtained judgment on her claim against
Iskandar in the Singapore suit. With the greatest of respect, however, Pacific
& Orient does not stand for the second proposition that AM Gen’s liability
under the Special Agreement would only arise if the MIB paid on the judgment
sum. As discussed above, cl 3(1) of the Domestic Agreement states in plain
language otherwise. I have set out the ratio of Pacific & Orient at [69]
above. In any case, the Court of Appeal acknowledged that this was “not the
issue in [the] appeal” (at [58]) and that its statement in the first two
sentences of [58] was obiter.

95 The Malaysian Court of Appeal therefore granted the two declarations sought
by AM Gen on appeal, viz:

(a) a declaration that AM Gen was not legally liable under their policy of
insurance to their insured owner and insured driver for the injuries, loss and
damage suffered by Zuraini; and

(b) a declaration that if AM Gen was held directly or indirectly liable to
satisfy any judgment or part thereof obtained by Zuraini against the second
defendant driver in the Singapore suit, then AM Gen was entitled to an
indemnity from the first and/or the second defendant.

96 Iskandar appealed to the Federal Court. He framed eight questions of law
for determination. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Affidavit of Achala Krishna Menon in SUM 4880, affirmed on 23 October 2017, p
99.

The Federal Court granted him leave to appeal on four, viz, Questions (II),
(III), (IV) and (VI):

(II) Whether pursuant to the Special Agreement (together with its annexures),
a Malaysian insurer is liable to satisfy a judgment obtained by a victim of an
accident involving a Malaysian registered vehicle in Singapore, even though
the motor insurance policy issued by the Malaysian Insurer does not cover
passenger liability?

(III) If question (II) is answered in the affirmative, whether under the
Special Agreement (together with its annexures), the Malaysian insurer is
entitled to seek indemnity against the authorised driver of the Malaysian
registered vehicle that was involved in the accident in Singapore?

Questions (IV) and (VI) are not relevant as they involve construction of the
policy and the operation of estoppel.

97 It will be seen that Question (II) can be read widely enough to encompass
the rights and obligations of the MIB and AM Gen inter se even though, as
already noted above, the MIB was not made a party to the Malaysian proceedings
or given the opportunity to be heard.

98 The Federal Court answered Question (II) in the negative and went on to
hold at [13]: “In the light of the above we do not need to deal specifically
with the rest of the questions posed.”

99 Mr Liew relies on the Federal Court’s answer to Question (II) for the
proposition that the MIB has no cause of action until it pays Koo first and
then seeks an indemnity from AM Gen. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defendant’s skeletal submissions in SUM 4880 dated 5 October 2017, para 37.

Although on its face the Federal Court’s answer to the question posed could be
read widely to encompass Mr Liew’s proposition, with respect, Mr Liew’s
reliance on this proposition is misplaced for a number of reasons.

100 First, Mr Liew ignores the fact that Iskandar is an action brought by a
Malaysian insurer against its insured owner and insured driver. Zuraini and
the MIB were not parties to the action and were certainly not heard. Moreover,
certain key statements in the judgments relied upon by Mr Liew were accepted
by the Court of Appeal to be obiter.

101 Secondly, there are passages in Iskandar (CA) and Iskandar (FC) which
indicate that the courts were primarily concerned with the rights and
obligations between the parties before them (ie, AM Gen, Iskandar and Sharul)
under the policy of insurance, rather than with the position vis-à-vis Zuraini
and the MIB under the Principal, Domestic and Special Agreements. The Federal
Court’s answer to Question (II) must therefore be taken in that context and
this can be seen from its judgment at [6] in dealing with the position between
the insurer and its insured:

[6] To determine the questions of law posed, before dealing with the special
agreement together with the annexures, one must begin with the insurance
policy between the insured Shahrul and [AM Gen] which governs the contractual
relationship between them. It is not in dispute that the said policy does not
cover passenger liability. …

[emphasis added]

Its judgment at [8]–[9] is also consistent with this reading:

[8] … The rights and obligations of [AM Gen] under this special agreements
[sic] are between [AM Gen] and Singapore Motor Insurers’ Bureau and not with
the insured per se. …

[9] … In our view the terms of the special agreement did not incorporate
itself into the contract of insurance but remains a special arrangement
between [AM Gen] and the Singapore MIB. …

102 This echoed what was stated in Iskandar (CA) at [58]:

… However, that is not the issue in this appeal. The issue here is whether the
plaintiff [AM Gen] is legally liable under the policy to [the owner, Shahrul]
and or [the driver, Iskandar] for injuries, loss and damages suffered by
Zuraini. [AM Gen’s] liability under the special agreement arises only in
Singapore under this compulsory arrangement made in Singapore. Further, we do
not think that the special agreement has any effect on [AM Gen’s] rights under
the policy; the special agreement does not affect or alter the rights under
the policy inter se [AM Gen] qua insurer, Shahrul qua insured and [Iskandar]
qua authorised driver. Accordingly, we hold that [AM Gen’s] rights under the
policy are therefore preserved. The exclusion of third party coverage for
passengers other than employees under the policy is preserved.

103 Thirdly, Mr Liew’s reliance on the paragraphs below in Iskandar (FC) are
either, as I have said above, not properly interpreted in their context, or if
they are to be construed as Mr Liew contends, then Mr Liew runs into
difficulties with what is stated in the judgment of the Federal Court. The
relevant paragraphs in Iskandar (FC) state:

[8] … The specific agreement and its annexures are found in (‘Ikatan Teras
Dokumen’ Vol 2, p 182).

[9] We refer particularly to cll 3, 4 and 5 of the same which clearly set out
the scheme of how the special agreement works. The rights of the appellant
[Iskandar] lie against the Singapore MIB, if the consent judgment is not
satisfied, then the Singapore MIB would satisfy the same and claim an
indemnity from [AM Gen]. In our view the terms of the special agreement did
not incorporate itself into the contract of insurance but remains a special
arrangement between [AM Gen] and the Singapore MIB. We now set out in its
entirety cl 3 of the special agreement.

(3)(1) If a Judgment is obtained in Singapore against any person (hereinafter
referred to as the ‘Judgment Debtor’) in respect of liability required to be
insured by the Compulsory Insurance Legislation the Insurer Concerned will
satisfy the Original Judgment Creditor if and to the extent that the Judgment
has not been satisfied by the Judgment Debtor within twenty-eight days from
the date upon which the person in whose favour it was given is entitled to
enforce it.

[10] We refer to the decision of the Singapore High Court in [Pacific &
Orient] which was relied quite substantially by [Iskandar]. This case must be
looked at in the context of legislation that makes it compulsory for passenger
cover. In our view, the propositions of law in this case with regards to the
special agreement and its clauses incorporating itself into the contract of
insurance is the position in Singapore whilst the position of law in Malaysia
remains that the contract of insurance is the binding document between the
parties. Further the operation of cl 3 of the special agreement, clearly
envisages that the obligation is for Singapore MIB to settle the consent
judgment 28 days after the consent judgment had become enforceable. Therefore,
the special agreement remains in essence an arrangement for enforceability of
an unsatisfied judgment against the insurance company in a situation where the
contract of insurance does not provide cover as in our instant case. This is
clearly amplified by cl 5 of the special agreement which we now set out:

5\. If in Singapore a Judgment is obtained against any person in respect of a
liability required to be insured by the Compulsory Insurance Legislation and
none of the Insurers is liable to satisfy the same under Clause 3 hereof the
Bureau will after the expiry of twenty-eight days from the date upon which the
Original Judgment Creditor became entitled to enforce such Judgment against
the Judgment Debtor itself satisfy the same.

[11] To encapsulate, Zuraini would be unable to enforce the consent judgment
she has obtained against [AM Gen] as the policy issued does not include, cover
for passenger liability and no liability would ensue. …

[12] As such, Zuraini’s only recourse is to rely on the special agreement and
its terms ie the agreement between the respective insurance companies
including [AM Gen] and the Singapore Motor Insurers Bureau and in particular
cl 5. There was no question of the special agreement being interposed into the
contract of insurance and to find otherwise would also mean imposing
liabilities on [AM Gen] where no premiums were paid for by the insured. We are
therefore of the view that the Court of Appeal had committed no appealable
error and we agree with their findings.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in bold and bold italics]

104 The passages above in bold support the conclusion that the Federal Court
judgment has to be read in the context of the case before it, viz, a case as
between an insurer and its insured owner and authorised driver.

105 There seems to be some error in the second sentence of Iskandar (FC) at
[9] where it is stated that the rights of the appellant driver, Iskandar, lie
against the MIB. That reference must have been to the injured party Zuraini
and not Iskandar, as Iskandar derives no rights under the Principal, Domestic
or Special Agreements or in law against the MIB.

106 If the Federal Court judgment is to be read or interpreted as Mr Liew
contends, then with the greatest respect, I cannot agree with the Federal
Court’s conclusions.

107 First, I note that there is a reference to cll 3, 4 and 5 of the “special
agreement” with cl 3(1) set out in full at [9]. In terms of the terminology I
have used, cl 3(1) cited is from the Domestic Agreement, not the Special
Agreement which AM Gen signed with the MIB on 26 October 1987 where it
covenanted with the MIB to comply in every respect with every obligation
imposed upon its members as if AM Gen were an “Insurer” for the purposes of
the Domestic Agreement. The references to cll 3, 4 and 5 are therefore to the
Domestic Agreement and not the Special Agreement, which only contains three
clauses.

108 Secondly, as for that part of the judgment at [10] which states that cl 3
of the Special Agreement clearly envisages that the obligation is for the
Singapore MIB to settle the judgment obtained by Zuraini against Iskandar
(“the Consent Judgment”) 28 days after the Consent Judgment had become
enforceable, it is plainly a mistake or mistakenly refers to some other clause
in the documents provided to the Federal Court. On any reading cl 3(1) as
quoted in the Federal Court judgment at [10] unambiguously states that the
Insurer Concerned will satisfy the judgment within 28 days of it becoming
enforceable, not the MIB.

109 Thirdly, the Federal Court then went on to state that its reading was
“amplified by cl 5 of the special agreement” which it then proceeded to set
out. That was cl 5 of the Domestic Agreement, which applies where a judgment
is obtained against any person in respect of a liability required to be
insured by the MV(TP)A “and none of the Insurers is liable to satisfy the same
under Clause 3”. Again with respect, cl 5 of the Domestic Agreement deals with
the case of untraced drivers in “hit-and-run” accidents. It does not deal with
cases where the policy of insurance in question excluded a particular
liability. This is because the Domestic Agreement contains a very detailed
definition of “Insurer Concerned” (the phrase used in cl 3 of the Domestic
Agreement), which clearly states that an insurer remains an “Insurer
Concerned” “notwithstanding that— … (iii) some term, description, limitation,
exception or condition (whether express or implied) of the insurance …
expressly or by implication excludes the Insurer’s liability whether generally
or in the particular circumstances in which the Judgment Debtor’s liability
was incurred”.

110 I can accept that as a matter of Malaysian law, as stated by the Federal
Court of Malaysia, where the terms of the policy of insurance exclude
passenger liability, a victim who was a passenger at the time of the accident
has no recourse against the insurer directly. But the insurer does not avoid
liability altogether; it remains liable pursuant to the terms of the Domestic
Agreement read with the Special Agreement. This is what the Federal Court
stated at [12] (save for the erroneous reference to cl 5). This is consistent
with the recent decision of the Malaysian Court of Appeal in Hameed Jagubar
bin Syed Ahmad v Pacific & Orient Insurance Co Berhad [2017] MLJU 968, which
appears to have accepted that the Insurer Concerned is liable to satisfy the
judgment in such a situation (at [44]–[50]). In that case, the operable clause
is not cl 5 of the Domestic Agreement (which applies where there is no Insurer
Concerned as it is a “hit-and-run” accident with an untraced driver) but cl 3,
which renders the Insurer Concerned liable to satisfy the judgment. Clauses 3
and 5 are alternatives, covering two of the three main situations which the
MIB scheme was designed to cover (see [20] above). Although the victim would
be unable to enforce a judgment obtained against the Insurer Concerned
directly as he or she is not party to the Domestic Agreement, he or she can
compel the MIB to sue the Insurer Concerned under the Domestic Agreement and
join the MIB as co-defendant if it is reluctant to do so.

111 Insofar as the Court of Appeal of Malaysia and the Federal Court of
Malaysia suggest that the MIB must first satisfy the judgment before the
Insurer Concerned’s obligation under cl 3 of the Domestic Agreement arises
(see [93] above and Iskandar (FC) at [9], cited at [103] above), I must with
the greatest of respect disagree for the reasons that I have given above.

112 I therefore find that AM Gen is liable to satisfy the Judgment Debt
pursuant to cl 3(1) of the Domestic Agreement and has breached that clause by
failing to do so.

Question 3: What reliefs the plaintiffs may obtain

113 Although the MIB is the counterparty to the Domestic Agreement, AM Gen
says that the loss arising from AM Gen’s breach is effectively suffered by
Koo, who remains uncompensated for her injuries. The plaintiffs submit that
the MIB, suing as Koo’s trustee under the Domestic Agreement, is entitled to
recover substantial damages on behalf of Koo on the basis of the principle in
Lloyd’s ([28] supra) (approved in TKM at [89]–[90]):

I consider it to be an established rule of law that where a contract is made
with A for the benefit of B, A can sue on the contract for the benefit of B,
and recover all that B could have recovered if the contract had been made with
B himself.

114 Alternatively, the plaintiffs submit that the MIB, suing under the
Domestic Agreement, may recover substantial damages under what was described
as the “broad ground” in Family Food Court.

115 The plaintiffs submit that the MIB is also entitled to specific
performance on the basis of the principle in Beswick, but the primary relief
sought is an award of damages for the reason that it would be easier to
enforce in Malaysia.

Recovering damages on Koo’s behalf

116 The principle in Lloyd’s enables a party who contracted for the benefit of
a third party to sue for damages on behalf of the third party as its trustee
or agent (see Lloyd’s at 315 and 317; see also Woodar Investment Development
Ltd v Wimpey Construction UK Ltd [1980] 1 WLR 277 (“Woodar”) at 293H). Since I
have found that the Domestic Agreement did not give rise to a trust for Koo’s
benefit, the principle in Lloyd’s does not apply.

The MIB has suffered substantial loss

117 The plaintiffs’ alternative submission is that the MIB is entitled to
substantial damages under the broad ground in Family Food Court. The broad
ground was first formulated by Lord Griffiths in Linden Gardens Trust Ltd v
Lenesta Sludge Disposals Ltd [1993] 3 WLR 408 in response to the general rule
that the plaintiff/promisee can only recover nominal damages for a breach of
contract where it has suffered no loss (for instance, where the substantial
loss is suffered by a third party) (Family Food Court at [31]). Unlike the
narrow ground, which is an exception to the general rule in that it enables
the plaintiff/promisee to recover substantial damages on behalf of a third
party (Family Food Court at [41]), it is a misnomer to characterise the broad
ground as an “exception” (see Family Food Court at [48]). That is because it
does not entitle the plaintiff to claim damages for another’s loss, but rather
reconceptualises the loss for which the plaintiff/promisee seeks to be
compensated (see Leong Wai Kum, Alexander Loke and Burton Ong, “The conceptual
basis of the solicitor’s liability to a third party related to the client:
reconstructing the White v Jones principle in Singapore” (2016) 32(1) PN 32 at
p 45). Specifically, under the broad ground, the plaintiff/promisee who has
not suffered financial loss seeks compensation for loss of its performance
interest, defined as “the plaintiff/promisee’s interest in the contract being
performed and (consequently) his receiving the benefit which he had contracted
for” (Family Food Court at [34], cited in Indulge Food Pte Ltd v Torabi
Marashi Bahram [2010] 2 SLR 540 (“Indulge Food”) at [55]). In short, the
“loss” lies in the fact that the plaintiff “did not receive what he had
bargained and paid for” (Chia Kok Leong and another v Prosperland Pte Ltd
[2005] 2 SLR(R) 484 (“Prosperland”) at [53]). The broad ground has been
described as “a reaffirmation of existing legal principle” (Alfred McAlpine
Construction Ltd v Panatown Ltd [2001] 1 AC 518 (“Panatown”) at 552H per Lord
Goff), based on “orthodox” and “ordinary contractual principles” (Panatown at
591A and 594G per Lord Millett) and “based … on classic contractual theory”
(Darlington Borough Council v Wiltshier Northern Ltd [1995] 1 WLR 68
(“Darlington”) at 80F per Steyn LJ). I note that the broad ground was endorsed
by Lord Goff of Chieveley and Lord Millett in Panatown as well as by Steyn LJ
in Darlington, and has been endorsed in Singapore (Family Food Court at [51];
Prosperland at [59]).

118 In my view, the MIB is entitled in this case to substantial damages under
ordinary compensatory principles of contractual damages, without any need to
have recourse to the broad ground. The broad ground enables the plaintiff to
sue for damages where the loss of his performance interest cannot be framed in
purely financial terms (see Alexander F H Loke in “Damages to Protect
Performance Interest and the Reasonableness Requirement” (2001) Sing JLS 259
(“Damages to Protect Performance Interest”) at p 262; Janet O’Sullivan,
“Reflections on the role of restitutionary damages to protect contractual
expectations” in Unjustified Enrichment: Key Issues in Comparative Perspective
(David Johnston & Reinhard Zimmermann, eds) (Cambridge University Press, 2002)
327 (“Reflections on the Role of Restitutionary Damages”), at 334–336). This
might be the case, for example, if the plaintiff’s objective in contracting
was not to make a profit but to benefit other persons altruistically (see Ewan
McKendrick, “The Common Law at Work: The Saga of Alfred McAlpine Construction
Ltd v Panatown Ltd” (2003) 3 OUCLJ 145 (“The Common Law at Work”) at pp
167–168).

119  On the facts, however, I am satisfied that the MIB has been caused to
suffer financial loss as a result of AM Gen’s breach of cl 3(1) of the
Domestic Agreement. This is because the MIB is contractually obliged to
satisfy the Judgment Debt under cl 3 of the Principal Agreement. Nothing in
the Domestic Agreement removes or diminishes the MIB’s liability under cl 3 of
the Principal Agreement. On the contrary, cl 4 of the Domestic Agreement
presupposes that the MIB is liable to satisfy the Judgment Debt unless and
until the Insurer Concerned does so. Had AM Gen complied with its contractual
obligation under cl 3 of the Domestic Agreement read with the Special
Agreement, it would have satisfied the Judgment Debt “in discharge of the
liability of the [MIB] under the [Principal] Agreement” (cl 4 of the Domestic
Agreement, see [74] above). As a result of AM Gen’s breach of contract,
however, the MIB’s liability remains and it may be sued on the Principal
Agreement for satisfaction of the judgment.

120 If Koo were to successfully sue the MIB for satisfaction of the Judgment
Debt, there is no doubt that the MIB would be able to recover the same from AM
Gen as contractual damages. “[C]ompensation paid to a third party, whether
under a court judgment or by way of settlement, has been recovered as damages
against the defendant” (Harvey McGregor, McGregor on Damages (Sweet & Maxwell,
19th Ed, 2014) (“McGregor”) at para 4-023). The only difference in this case
is that the MIB has not yet been made to satisfy the Judgment Debt. Its
liability to satisfy the Judgment Debt under the Principal Agreement has not
crystallised into actual payment. In my view, however, that does not prevent
the MIB from claiming and obtaining substantial damages.

121 First, it is clear that prospective and contingent losses are recoverable
subject to the usual rules of proof of loss, causation and remoteness.
McGregor states at para 11-024:

The rule is that damages for loss resulting from a single cause of action will
include compensation not only for damage accruing between the time the cause
of action arose and the time the action was commenced, but also for the future
or prospective damage reasonably anticipated as the result of the defendant’s
wrong, whether such future damage is certain or contingent. …

[emphasis added]

122 Common examples include prospective pain and suffering, loss of amenities
of life, medical expenses and loss of earnings. Prospective damage may also,
as in this case, take the form of a legal liability or obligation towards a
third party that has not been discharged due to the counterparty’s failure to
perform in the third party’s favour. This is supported by Treitel at para
14-022 and Chitty at para 18-049, both of which state:

Damages in respect of a promisee’s loss. The promisee may claim damages where
he has suffered loss as a result of the promisor’s failure to perform in
favour of the third party. … The loss suffered by the promisee would be the
cost of making an alternative provision, and there is some authority to
support the view that damages for breach of contract may be recovered to
compensate for such loss even though the provision is wholly voluntary. A
fortiori the promisee can recover substantial damages where he is under a
legal obligation to make a payment to the third party and where this
obligation would have been discharged if the promisor had paid in accordance
with the contract. …

[bold in original; emphasis added in italics]

123 This principle was applied in Randall v Raper (1858) EB & E 84 (“Randall”)
(cited in McGregor at para 10-029), where the claimant buyer had purchased
seed barley, which turned out to be of inferior quality, and was sued by his
sub-buyer for damages. The claimant agreed to make compensation but no sum had
been agreed on and no payment actually made. Finding that the claimant could
recover damages from the defendant seller on the basis of his liability to the
sub-buyer, Lord Campbell CJ stated at 89:

… [I]t is contended … that, even if the damages could be recovered in the
event of actual payment, they cannot be recovered upon a mere liability. I
think we cannot lay down a rule that the mere liability cannot be the
foundation of damages: if it can, the amount [may be] estimated by a jury. The
demand is made, and is a just one: and, though it is not yet satisfied, yet
the jury may find to what extent the plaintiffs are damnified by their having
become liable to it.

124 Likewise, Erle J stated “the true rule” to be that “a liability to loss is
sufficient to give the party liable a title to recover”. Crompton J denied
that payment was necessary to entitle a party to recover and that “[a]
liability to payment, which has been incurred by a plaintiff in consequence of
the breach of a defendant’s contract, may well form a part of the damages,
though it may be difficult to estimate them” (at 90–91).

125 Randall was followed more recently in Total Liban SA v Vitol Energy SA
[2001] 1 QB 643 (“Total Liban”). In that case, the purchaser had bought
gasoline, which turned out to be defective, from the defendant and supplied it
to a third party. The purchaser was therefore contractually liable to the
third party but unable to compensate it, having become impecunious. The
question before the court was whether the purchaser could claim substantial
damages against the seller prior to discharging its liability to the third
party. Peter Gross QC, sitting as a deputy judge of the High Court, accepted
Randall as authority “against the existence of any rule of law that liability
without payment does not constitute recoverable loss” (at 661c–d). Gross QC
held at 664f:

A legal liability owed by B to C, consequent upon and not too remote from A’s
breach of its contract with B, is capable of constituting recoverable loss
entitling B to substantial damages from A. There is no rule of law, requiring
B first to have paid C. Randall’s case so holds and is good law.

Total Liban was decided in the context of A’s breach resulting in B acquiring
a liability to C, but I see no reason why the principle should not also apply
where B has a pre-existing liability to C that would have been discharged but
for A’s breach. That is the very point made in the passages from Treitel and
Chitty at [122] above.

126 The situation where A promises to discharge B’s debt to C was considered
at length by Windeyer J (dissenting) in the Australian High Court case of
Coulls v Bagot’s Executor (1967) 119 CLR 460. He stated obiter at 501–502:

The question which presents itself at this point is what is the measure of
damages for breach of a promise to confer a benefit upon a third party? Take
the case supposed above — a contract by A with B under which B is to pay $500
to C. A sues B for breach of contract. There are authorities which say that he
could recover only nominal damages, because it is C who has suffered not he:
see West v Houghton (1879) 4 CPD 197; Viles v Viles (1939) SASR 164; but cf
Drimmie v Davies (1899) 1 IR 176. As Else-Mitchell J remarked in Cathels v
Commissioner of Stamp Duties (1962) SR (NSW) 455, at p 472, the cases on this
point are “conflicting and unsatisfactory”. … I do not see why, if A sued B
for a breach of it, he must get no more than nominal damages. If C were A’s
creditor, and the $500 was to be paid to discharge A’s debt, then B’s failure
to pay it would cause A more than nominal damage. Or, suppose C was a person
whom A felt he had a duty to reward or recompense, or was someone who, with
the aid of $500, was to engage in some activity which A wished to promote or
from which he might benefit — I can see no reason why in such cases the
damages which A would suffer upon B’s breach of his contract to pay C $500
would be merely nominal: I think that, in accordance with the ordinary rules
for the assessment of damages for breach of contract, they could be
substantial.

[emphasis added]

127 Windeyer J’s remarks are referred to in Ewan McKendrick, Contract Law
(Palgrave Law Masters, 12th Ed, 2017) at p 138 for the proposition that, where
B provides consideration for A to discharge a debt owed by B to C, “B might be
entitled to more than nominal damages” in the event of A’s breach. The same
author elaborates the point in Contract Law: Text, Cases, and Materials
(Oxford University Press, 5th Ed, 2012) at p 973:

The promisee is clearly entitled to sue and recover damages in respect of the
loss that he has suffered as a result of the breach. Take the case where the
promisee is a debtor of the third party and the promisor has promised to pay a
sum of money to the third party in order to discharge the promisee’s liability
to the third party. The promisor fails to make the promised payment to the
third party. The consequence is that the promisee remains indebted to the
third party and, to that extent, the promisee does suffer loss as a result of
the failure of the promisor to make the payment to the third party.

128 Indeed, this is supported by the Court of Appeal’s remarks in Family Food
Court at [51], commenting on the decision in Prosperland. In the latter case,
Prosperland was the developer of a condominium. The construction of the
condominium was completed in August 1993 and proved to be defective. On 2 May
2002, Prosperland sued the main contractor and architects for breach of
contract. By that time, however, Prosperland was no longer the owner of the
condominium, the MCST having acquired title in the common property.
Prosperland had not yet spent any money to effect the repairs, nor had it been
sued by the MCST in respect of the defects, and the defendants argued that
Prosperland was therefore not the proper party to sue. The Court of Appeal
found that Prosperland was entitled to damages on the narrow ground, but
expressed the view, obiter, that Prosperland was, “in principle, entitled to
claim for substantial damages pursuant to the broad ground” (at [59]). The
Court of Appeal in Family Food Court, commenting on this decision, observed at
[51]:

… It should also be noted that a significant factor which influenced this
court’s view as to why the broad ground should also (apart from the narrow
ground) be of avail to Prosperland was that the MCST was, in fact,
contemplating an action against Prosperland in respect of the defects in the
condominium ([Prosperland] at [58]):

[T]here is evidence that the MCST intended to carry out the repairs and it was
also looking towards Prosperland (the developer) for relief. The MCST also
expected Prosperland to carry out the rectifications. Moreover, there is
evidence that Prosperland intended to use the damages recovered for that
purpose. Prosperland and the present owners of the condominium are related.
[emphasis added]

In other words, Prosperland was technically facing a potential claim for loss
suffered by the MCST in respect of the defects in the condominium and was, in
fact, prepared to make good those defects using the damages recovered in its
suit against the Defendants. Thus, arguably, the “fact” that Prosperland had
suffered no substantial loss was not entirely accurate.

[emphasis added]

129 The Court of Appeal considered that the prospect of liability to the MCST
could amount to “substantial loss”, notwithstanding that Prosperland had not
yet been sued. That supports my conclusion that the MIB’s liability to pay Koo
constitutes substantial loss, even if it has not yet had to pay. The measure
of the MIB’s loss is simply what it is liable to pay Koo under the Principal
Agreement (ie, the Judgment Debt).

130 Not every liability to a third party will support a claim for substantial
damages. For example, where it is clear and certain that liability will never
be discharged by the claimant, recovery will be denied him so as to avoid his
reaping a windfall (McGregor at para 10-029, citing Biffa Waste Services Ltd v
Maschinenfabrik Ernst Hese GmbH [2009] PNLR 5). That said, the law does not
demand that the plaintiff prove his loss with absolute certainty. The Court of
Appeal has firmly rejected the idea that only nominal damages are recoverable
for a contingent loss; “everything that can happen in the future depends on a
contingency, and such a principle would deprive a plaintiff of anything beyond
nominal damages for a breach of contract where the damages could not be
assessed with mathematical accuracy” (Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v
Steen Consultants Pte Ltd and another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 623 (“Robertson Quay”)
at [29], citing Chaplin v Hicks [1911] 2 KB 786 at 793). The court must adopt
a “flexible approach with regard to the proof of damage”. Where absolute
certainty is impossible, for example where the plaintiff’s claim is for
prospective pecuniary loss, the court must do the best it can on evidence
which is as precise as possible (Robertson Quay at [30]). Proof of damage is
an “intensely factual” exercise and “depends wholly on the factual matrix
concerned” [emphasis in original] (Robertson Quay at [27]).

131 On the facts, I am confident that if AM Gen were not made to satisfy the
Judgment Debt, the MIB would certainly do so. The MIB has given an undertaking
to satisfy the Judgment Debt in Koo’s favour should the present proceedings
fail. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Plaintiffs’ supplementary submissions in SUM 4880 dated 17 April 2017, para
21(b).

Even if the MIB did not do so voluntarily, Koo would be able to revive OS 404
against the MIB for satisfaction of the Judgment Debt. I have earlier
explained why, although Koo is not privy to the Principal Agreement, she would
in my view be able to call upon the Public Trustee to compel the MIB to
satisfy the Judgment Debt (see [51] above).

132 I note for completeness that there is no doubt that the MIB’s loss was
caused by AM Gen’s breach of its contractual obligations under cl 3 of the
Domestic Agreement read with the Special Agreement, and that it is not too
remote. In the circumstances, I find that the MIB is entitled to substantial
damages against AM Gen.

Availability of the broad ground

133 If liability to Koo does not constitute substantial loss on the part of
the MIB, I take the view that the MIB would be able to sue for substantial
damages under the broad ground for loss of its performance interest in cl 3(1)
of the Domestic Agreement.

134 The concept of performance interest is “a wide one” and forms an “integral
part of the common law of contract” (Indulge Food at [56]). The broad ground
essentially recognises that a plaintiff/promisee’s performance interest need
not be exclusively financial. This is eloquently conveyed by Prof McKendrick
in The Common Law at Work at pp 167–168:

[N]ot all contracting parties enter into contracts with a view to making
money. This is particularly true in the case of consumers. The consumer who
orders a new bathroom suite does not enter into the contract in order to make
a profit but to obtain a particular suite of his or her choice. Local
authorities who enter into contracts for the provision of services or
amenities for residents do not do so with a view to enhancing their own
financial position but rather to provide a service for their constituents. …
Against this background, it is suggested that the conception of loss adopted
by the law of contract should extend beyond physical damage and financial loss
in order to reflect the fact that, increasingly, we enter into contracts with
a view other than to make money. Thus we enter into contracts in pursuit of
our leisure interests or to obtain services which promote the quality of our
lives but do not directly enhance our financial position. These are interests
which our society values and they should be reflected in the law of contract.
Contracts may also be concluded for altruistic reasons. … There is more to
life than money and there is more to the law of contract than the protection
of financial interests. This should be reflected both in the conception of
loss adopted by the law of contract and in the rules applicable to the
assessment of damages.

135 The same idea is expressed by Janet O’Sullivan in Reflections on the Role
of Restitutionary Damages at p 334:

[T]he ‘performance interest’ is undervalued by the practice of measuring the
plaintiff’s loss by reference to the exchange or market value of performance,
even in a non-commercial context where he contracted for reasons other than
the realisation of profit.

136 Lord Goff gave the example, in Panatown, of a wealthy philanthropist who
contracts for work to be done to the village hall at his own expense. The work
proves defective. The trustees who own the hall suggest that the
philanthropist should recover damages from the builder and hand the damages to
them, and that they will then instruct another builder to rectify the damage.
Is the philanthropist’s claim for substantial damages doomed to fail because
he does not own the hall, and has not incurred rectification expenses? Lord
Goff thought this “absurd”. In his view, the philanthropist ought to obtain
substantial damages, for he “suffered loss because he did not receive the
bargain for which he had contracted with the first builder” (at 548). This
example illustrates how a promisee’s performance interest may lie not solely
in his or her own gain or amenity, but that of third parties whom he or she
intends to benefit.

137 What is the MIB’s performance interest in cl 3 of the Domestic Agreement?
Besides its obvious financial interest in the discharge of its liability under
the Principal Agreement, which I have discussed above, the MIB has an interest
in keeping its operational costs (and, by extension, the contributions of its
members) low. As I stated in Pacific & Orient at [41]:

The whole scheme of a motor insurance bureau rests on providing a social
safety net for accident victims which fall through gaps in the compulsory
insurance cover. The concept of the “Insurer Concerned” is to cut down
administrative costs of a bureau, which would have to be borne at the end of
the day by all general insurers issuing motor policies. I accept the evidence
set out in Mr Chew Loy Kiat’s affidavit, which explains the “Insurer
Concerned” concept as having been “designed as a practical measure to achieve
administrative convenience and save costs, by relieving [MIB] from
investigating, handling and settling claims from victims of road accidents in
cases where there is an Insurer Concerned”. Further, “[t]he concept works by
the ‘swings and roundabouts’ principle, as all compensation payments by the
[MIB] under the Principal Agreement are indirectly financed by all its
members”.

138 Mr Ng Choong Tiang, the manager/secretary of the MIB, deposed in the
present proceedings that the MIB occupies a small office space of
approximately 400 square feet. Its affairs are administered by three staff:
Ng, as manager/secretary, and two supporting staff who provide administrative
support. Claims are assessed by the MIB Council, comprising seven members from
the leading motor insurers and the Government. The Chairman of the MIB Council
happens to be the President of the General Insurance Association. The Council
meets once every two months and its members are not remunerated by the MIB.
The MIB therefore refers untraced driver claims to law firms, investigators
and loss adjusters, and relies on the Insurer Concerned to investigate, handle
and settle claims involving uninsured drivers under cl 3(1) of the Domestic
Agreement. This allows it to devote the bulk of its resources to compensating
road accident victims who are truly without recourse. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Affidavit of Ng Choong Tiang, affirmed on 19 October 2017.

139 The MIB also has a social interest in seeing that victims promptly receive
the compensation to which they are entitled. As I stated in Pacific & Orient
at [16], the “underlying rationale of a scheme like the [MIB] is to fulfil the
social aim of providing compensation for all road accident victims where for
some reason there was no effective insurance policy to cover the liability”,
as well as to “help spread the risk among all insurers issuing motor insurance
policies within the jurisdiction in cases of untraced drivers and insolvent
insurers”. The MIB’s memorandum and articles of association reflect these aims
(see Pacific & Orient at [12]–[13]). The MIB’s income and property are to be
“applied solely towards the promotion” of its objects, and are not to be
distributed to its members in the form of dividends or bonuses. The MIB may be
compared to the wealthy philanthropist in Lord Goff’s example in that it is
animated by a social purpose, ie, to see that victims of uninsured and
untraced drivers are duly compensated for their injuries. In my view, these
factors together give the MIB a real and substantial interest in the
performance of the Insurer Concerned’s obligation under cl 3(1) of the
Domestic Agreement and would entitle it to substantial damages.

Scope of the broad ground

140 I here address Lord Millett’s remark in Panatown at 591 that the broad
ground should be restricted “to building contracts and other contracts for the
supply of work and materials where the claim is in respect of defective or
incomplete work or delay in completing it” (at 591). This seems to have been
motivated by caution rather than any objection in principle to extending the
broad ground beyond those categories of contract, as it was only a restriction
“for the present”. The other speeches in Panatown did not impose such a
restriction. Indeed, Lord Goff thought (at 545D–E) that Lord Griffiths’ broad
ground addressed:

… not a special problem which arises in in a particular context, such as
carriage of goods by sea, but a general problem which arises in many different
contexts in ordinary life, notably in the domestic context where parties may
frequently contract for benefits to be conferred on others, though it may well
arise in other contexts, such as charitable giving or even, as the present
case shows, a commercial transaction.

141 Lord Goff therefore anticipated that “full recognition of the importance
of the performance interest” would “open the way to principled solution of
other well-known problems in the law of contract, notably those relating to
package holidays” as well as those described by Lord Wilberforce in Woodar at
283G–H (ie, ordering meals in restaurants for a party or hiring a taxi for a
group) (Panatown at 553B–C).

142 There is no obvious reason why the broad ground must be confined to any
particular genre of contract. The broad ground essentially reconceptualises
the loss which the plaintiff/promisee is compensated for, and does not depend
on an incident of a particular genre of contract (unlike the narrow ground,
which envisages a transfer of proprietary interest; see Family Food Court at
[40]). That said, many aspects of the doctrine remain untested or undecided.
This calls for some caution in expanding the broad ground beyond its original
context of building contracts.

143 Having considered the aspects of the broad ground doctrine which remain
controversial, I find that none of them poses any difficulty in the present
case. There is no reason why the broad ground should not be available in the
present case.

144 One of the most significant concerns about the broad ground is that it may
allow the plaintiff/promisee an uncovenanted benefit or a windfall. The
concern is that the plaintiff/promisee may pocket the damages rather than
spending them on rectifying the breach so that the third party may benefit.
Diverse views have been expressed on this issue. It has been suggested that
the broad ground applies only if it can be shown that the third party has
recourse against the plaintiff – either in the form of the plaintiff’s
liability to account (see Panatown at 577E–F; on the other hand see 592D per
Lord Millett), or in the form of a contractual right against the plaintiff
under a separate contract (see Chitty at para 18-063). Others have suggested
that the broad ground is only available if the plaintiff/promisee has already
incurred expenses to obtain the performance for which he contracted, or
clearly intends to do so (see Panatown at 574C–E per Lord Jauncey of
Tullichettle and 533B–D per Lord Clyde, and Andrew Burrows, “No Damages for a
Third Party’s Loss” (2001) 1 OUCLJ 107 at pp 109–110; on the other hand see
Panatown at 547F–H and 556B–F per Lord Goff). Professor McKendrick suggests
that the intention to cure may serve as evidence that the promisee’s interest
truly lies in the performance of the contract (The Common Law at Work at p
175; see also Damages to Protect Performance Interest at pp 264–265). The
current position in Singapore is that there is no universal requirement of
intention to rectify, but the precise facts are “of the first importance” in
each case (Family Food Court at [53]).

145 There is no risk of the MIB obtaining a windfall in this case. All that
the MIB seeks to recover (and all that it can recover) against the Insurer
Concerned under the Domestic Agreement is no more and no less than what it
must pay to the victim under cl 3 of the Principal Agreement. The MIB is
contractually liable to satisfy the Judgment Debt under cl 3 of the Principal
Agreement and can be sued on the authority of Gurtner should it fail to do so.
The MIB has also given an undertaking to satisfy the Judgment Debt in Koo’s
favour should their claims in the present proceedings be dismissed. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Plaintiffs’ supplementary submissions in SUM 4880 dated 17 April 2017, para
21(b).

The MIB therefore not only intends to apply the damages for Koo’s benefit but
in fact has a legal obligation to do so.

146 A second concern is that the broad ground may lead to the defendant being
doubly liable, say to the plaintiff in contract and separately to the owner of
the defective premises in tort. That may also occur where the third party has
a direct contractual right against the promisor. For this reason, Lords
Browne-Wilkinson and Jauncey thought that the broad ground was unavailable in
Panatown in part because the third party, UIPL, had a contractual right under
the duty of care deed against the promisor, McAlpine (see Panatown at
577H–578G and 574E–H respectively). Lords Goff and Millett disagreed (see
Panatown at 557H–561D and 595A–E respectively). The problem of double recovery
was briefly referred to in Family Food Court at [66] in the context of a third
party being an undisclosed principal.

147 Again, there is no question of double recovery in the present case, since
I have already established that Koo has no independent claim against AM Gen
(see [59]–[64] above). I note in passing that the problem of double recovery
is in any event not insurmountable (see Prosperland at [52]). Various
solutions have been proposed, including ordering a stay of one set of
proceedings (see Panatown at 595E per Lord Millett), joining the relevant
party or parties to the proceedings (see Panatown at 561D per Lord Goff) and
requiring the plaintiff to provide an undertaking to effect remedial works or
to obtain a release of the third party’s right against the defendant (see
Damages to Protect Performance Interest at p 265; John Cartwright, “Damages,
Third Parties and Common Sense” (1996) 10 JCL 244 at p 256).

148 Thirdly, there is debate about whether the broad ground can support a
claim by the plaintiff for consequential loss and damages for delay. In
building contracts, for example, it will be the third party (who has a
proprietary interest in the damaged property) who suffers these losses, and
not the promisee. This has allegedly “persuaded some supporters of the broad
ground to change position as far as damages for delay or consequential loss
are concerned and opt instead for the recovery of genuine third party losses”
(Hannes Unberath, “Third Party Losses and Black Holes: Another View” (1999)
115(Oct) LQR 535 at p 543). While Lords Goff and Millett thought that Panatown
could obtain damages for delay under the broad ground (see Panatown at
554E–555H and 591B respectively), Lords Clyde and Jauncey disagreed (see
Panatown at 534B and 573G–H respectively). While this may be one of the
thornier problems plaguing the broad ground, it does not pose any difficulty
on the facts of this case and I do not think it is necessary for me to resolve
it.

149 In the circumstances, while the broad ground continues to face some
teething issues, I see no reason why it should not be available on the facts
of this case.

150 Since I have found that the MIB is entitled to substantial damages, there
is no need for me to consider the MIB’s claim for specific performance.

Conclusion

151 My conclusions on each of the issues are therefore as follows:

(a) The MIB has locus standi to sue AM Gen, being a party to the Domestic
Agreement. Koo lacks locus standi in both common law and equity to sue AM Gen
under the Domestic Agreement.

(b) AM Gen is contractually obliged to satisfy the Judgment Debt under cl 3(1)
of the Domestic Agreement. Its obligation is not limited to reimbursing the
MIB after the MIB has satisfied the Judgment Debt, although it is liable to do
so if the MIB exercises its discretion under cl 6 of the Domestic Agreement to
satisfy the Judgment Debt first.

(c) The MIB is entitled to substantial damages as AM Gen’s failure to satisfy
the Judgment Debt has caused it financial loss. In the alternative, it is
entitled to substantial damages under the broad ground in Family Food Court.

152 I therefore order final judgment to be entered in favour of the MIB for
damages in the sum of S$788,057.73, plus interest at 5.33% per annum on the
sum of S$788,057.73 from 21 February 2011 (the date of final judgment in Suit
613) to the date of this judgment. I will hear parties on costs.

Quentin Loh  
Judge

Anthony Wee and Pak Waltan (United Legal Alliance LLC) for the plaintiffs;  
Niru Pillai, Liew Teck Huat, Priya Pillay and Achala Menon (Niru & Co LLC) for
the defendant;  
third party unrepresented, absent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

