Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 58

Criminal Case No 29 of 2017

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

Ong Soon Heng  
---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal law] — [Offences] — [Rape]

[Criminal law] — [Offences] — [Abduction]

[Criminal procedure and sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Sexual offences]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Ong Soon Heng

[2018] SGHC 58

High Court — Criminal Case No 29 of 2017  
Aedit Abdullah J  
30-31 March 2017, 5-7, 11-12 April 2017, 16 May 2017, 4 July 2017, 13
September 2017, 13 November 2017

16 March 2018

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 In the early hours of 24 July 2014, Ong Soon Heng (“the Accused”), the
victim (“the Victim”), and several of their acquaintances visited a nightclub,
Zouk. The Victim consumed alcoholic beverages and seemed to have lost
consciousness as a result of intoxication. At about 4.00am that morning, the
Accused drove the Victim to his residence at No 4 Hume Heights (“the
Residence”), where the Accused had sexual intercourse with the Victim.

2 The Accused was charged with one count of rape under s 375(1)(a) of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“PC”) and one count of abduction
simpliciter under s 362 of the same Act. The Prosecution’s case was that the
Victim was unconscious at the material time of the alleged offences due to
severe alcohol intoxication. As a result, she lacked the capacity to consent,
and did not in fact consent, to being taken to the Residence or to sexual
intercourse with the Accused. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Prosecution’s submissions at the end of trial dated 26 May 2017 (“PCS”) at
para 5.

The Defence denied the Prosecution’s case, and further alleged that the Victim
and the Accused had been in an intimate relationship with each other in the
period before and around 24 July 2014.

3 Having considered the evidence, I found that, at the material time of the
alleged offences, the Victim could not have and did not in fact consent to
sexual intercourse with the Accused. I also found that the Accused had by
force compelled the Victim to move from Zouk to the Residence. Accordingly, I
convicted the Accused on both charges and sentenced him to a global
imprisonment term of 13 years and 6 months, and 12 strokes of the cane. I also
granted a compensation order of $76, in default one day of imprisonment. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

NE dated 13 November 2017 at pp 25-26

Background

The parties

4 The Victim was a 22-year-old undergraduate student at a local university at
the material time. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

PCS at para 14.

As of mid-2014, she had been in a relationship with her boyfriend, [W], for a
period of two years. In May 2014, the Victim started her internship at Kombi
Rocks, which was a company dealing in food and beverage and event management.
4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PCS at para 17.

The internship was supposed to last for three months until the end of July
2014, but the Victim ended her stint after the incident on 24 July 2014. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PCS at para 20.

5 The Accused, who was also known as “Osh”, was 37 years old and worked as an
understudy bunker surveyor at the time of the alleged offences. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defence closing submissions dated 26 May 2017 (“DCS”) at para 11.

The parties’ relationship

6 The Accused was a close friend of Lim Tiam Hai (“Lim TH”) and his wife, who
were the owners of Kombi Rocks, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

PSC at para 21.

and would help out at its premises on occasion. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

DCS at paras 12 and 111.

In the course of her internship, the Victim became acquainted with the
Accused, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

PCS at paras 20-21.

who helped her at work and advised her on her work relationships. The precise
status of the relationship between the two was disputed: the Victim maintained
they were just friends, while the Accused maintained that they had a secret
romantic relationship.

Events at Zouk

7 On 23 July 2014, the Victim made plans to visit Zouk with one “Maria” and
one Kwok Wing Shan (“Kwok”), who were the Victim’s fellow employees at Kombi
Rocks. The Victim was initially reluctant to attend but later decided to join
them at Zouk. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE dated 5 April 2017 at p 12.

The Accused and his friends were also there. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PCS para 28; NE dated 5 April 2017 at pp 12-13.

8 On the night of 23 July 2014, at around 11.00pm, Maria and Kwok went to Zouk
together from Kombi Rocks, while the Victim went home first. The Victim
arrived later at Zouk at around 1.00am on 24 July 2014. On her arrival, she
texted the Accused, who had arrived earlier, to sign her into the club. The
Victim then met up with Maria and Kwok at a main table in the club. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PCS at para 29; Exhibit P101.

It was undisputed that the Victim had consumed alcoholic drinks while she was
at Zouk, but there was disagreement as to whether she had any at the main
table before she went with Kwok to consume an alcoholic cocktail at a wine bar
at another part of Zouk’s premises. The Victim’s movement thereafter was also
not clear: Kwok testified that they had gone to another part of the club,
known as “Phuture”, before returning to the main table, while the Victim said
that they had returned to the main table directly.

9 In any event, the Victim, Kwok and the Accused eventually returned to the
main table, where the Victim consumed more alcohol. In the meantime, the
Victim texted her boyfriend, [W], to keep him updated on how things were going
at Zouk. According to the Victim, the last thing she could remember in the
early morning of 24 July 2014 was that she was holding a cup of alcoholic
drink and texting [W]. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE dated 5 April 2017 at p 13.

From Zouk to the Residence

10 CCTV records at Zouk showed that at around 3.48am later that morning, the
Victim was unconscious and lying supine on a bench in Zouk. The Accused, Kwok,
and others attempted to help her to her feet but failed. The Accused then
lifted the Victim and carried her over his shoulder, in what was known as a
fireman’s lift, from the premises of Zouk to the carpark where his car was
located. At around 4.00am, the Accused drove off with the Victim in the
backseat of his car. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

PCS at paras 4 and 37.

What happened thereafter, and in particular whether the Victim had the
capacity to consent to sexual intercourse with the Accused, was the primary
issue of contention at trial.

11 By the Victim’s account, she had no recollection at all of what had
happened between the time she fell unconscious in Zouk, and the time she was
awaken by [W] in a very brightly lit room, lying on a mattress on the floor,
wearing an unfamiliar t-shirt and pair of boxer shorts. She had no
recollection of how she got to the room and was unable to recognise it. She
did not consent to any sexual intercourse with the Accused.

12 The Accused’s version was that when he drove off from Zouk with the Victim
lying in the backseat of the car, he realised that he did not know her
residential block and unit number. When he asked her about this, she responded
by telling him that she wanted to go to his place. Subsequently, at the
Residence, the Victim was conscious and consented to having sexual intercourse
with him.

Events after the Victim left the Residence

13 Around 5.00am to 6.00am on 24 July 2014, the Victim’s boyfriend, [W]
tracked the Victim’s location to the Residence using a mobile application
after she failed to respond to his calls and text messages. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NE dated 6 April 2017 at pp 7-8.

[W] arrived at the Residence at around 6.30am. He testified that when he was
allowed into the Residence by the Accused’s roommate, Benjamin Lim, he found
the Accused and the Victim lying on a mattress under a blanket in one of the
bedrooms. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NE dated 6 April 2017 at p 9.

After asking the Accused a series of questions and waking the Victim, he left
the Residence with the Victim and drove her to her residence. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE dated 6 April 2017 at pp 10-11.

14 Subsequently, the Victim was brought to KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital
(“KKH”). The Victim’s father and brother, as well as [W], returned to the
Residence to retrieve the Victim’s mobile phone. There, they questioned the
Accused, who denied that anything had happened between him and the Victim. A
voice recording of this conversation was made. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE dated 6 April 2017 at pp 12-13; Agreed Bundle (“AB”) at pp 92-100.

Later that afternoon, a police report was made and a medical examination
conducted of the Victim.

15 A few days later, the Victim’s father met up again with the Accused. This
conversation was also recorded by the Victim’s father. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at 47-48; AB at pp 101-124.

The Accused at this stage admitted that he had sexual intercourse with the
Victim but maintained that it was consensual. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AB at pp 101-124.

The charges

16 The Accused claimed trial to the following two charges brought against him:
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PCS at paras 6-7.

First Charge | … on 24 July 2014, at about 4.04am, at the driveway of Zouk located at No. 17 Jiak Kim Street, Singapore (“Zouk”), did abduct [the Victim], by using force to compel her to go from Zouk to No 4 Hume Heights, Singapore, and you have thereby committed an offence under section 362, and punishable under section 363A, of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).   
---|---  
Second Charge | … on 24 July 2014 sometime between 4.04am and 6.30am at No. 4 Hume Heights, Singapore, did commit rape of [the Victim], to wit, by penetrating the vagina of [the Victim] with your penis without her consent, and you have thereby committed an offence under section 375(1)(a), and punishable under section 375(2), of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).   
  
17 At the commencement of trial, the Prosecution applied for a gag order under
s 8(3) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) in
relation to the Victim’s identity, and for the Victim’s evidence to be given
in camera under s 153(1) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed). The
Defence did not object and, accordingly, I granted both applications. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE dated 30 March 2017 at pp 2 and 31 March 2017 at pp 86-87.

The Prosecution’s case

18 In relation to the rape charge, it was not disputed that sexual intercourse
did in fact occur between the Accused and the Victim between 4.04am and 6.30am
on 24 July 2014; the issue was whether the Victim had consented.

19 The Prosecution’s case was that the Victim had been unconscious as a result
of severe alcohol intoxication for the material period between about 4.04am
and 6.30am on 24 July 2014, during which the two offences were allegedly
committed. The Victim lacked the capacity to consent and did not consent to
any sexual intercourse with the Accused at the Residence. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PCS at para 11.

20 As for the abduction charge, the Prosecution submitted that given the
intoxicated and unconscious state of the Victim at the material time, she
could not have consented to the Accused moving her in his car from Zouk to the
Residence. The Accused must therefore had by force compelled her to be so
moved within the meaning of s 362 of the PC. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PCS at para 9.

21 Further, the Prosecution submitted that the Accused and the Victim were
never romantically involved with each other. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PCS at paras 23-27.

Raising this purported relationship, kept secret from [W], was only an attempt
by the Accused to obfuscate the pertinent issues at trial. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PCS at para 119.

22 Although the Defence did not in fact raise a defence under s 79 of the PC,
the Prosecution argued that the Accused could not have been mistaken in good
faith that the Victim had consented to the events constituting the two
charges. The Accused and the Victim were not in a secret romantic
relationship. Further, there was no evidence that the Victim had acted in a
seductive or flirtatious manner on the morning of 24 July 2014 which could
have given the Accused any misimpression. The Prosecution also submitted that
there was a lack of good faith on the part of the Accused. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PCS at paras 160-166.

The Defence’s case

23 The Defence’s case was that the Victim did not lack the capacity to consent
to the events constituting the two charges. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DCS at paras 191, 231-234 and 240.

At the material time, the Victim was not so intoxicated that she was unable to
understand the nature and consequence of her consenting to sexual intercourse
with the Accused.

24 Further, according to the Accused, the Victim had in fact consented to the
events constituting the two charges. Concerning the rape charge, the Victim
had given actual consent to the Accused during the intercourse. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DCS at paras 188-189.

As for the abduction charge, the Victim had told the Accused that she wanted
to go to his place soon after they had driven off from Zouk, while she was in
the backseat of the Accused’s car. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

DCS at paras 186-187, 240.

The Defence also submitted that such consent was consistent with the fact that
the Victim and the Accused had been in a romantic relationship in the period
immediately prior to the offences. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DCS at para 184.

In fact, the Victim and the Accused behaved intimately on the very morning of
24 July 2014 while they were at Zouk, just prior to the alleged offences. The
Victim’s denial of the relationship and interaction was because she had been
caught by [W] red-handed in bed with the Accused, and such untruthful denial
rendered her evidence less than credible. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

DCS at para 191(ii).

25 In addition, for the abduction charge, even if there had been no consent,
the charge was not made out because s 362 of the PC required resistance to be
put up by the Victim, and that was not satisfied.

The alleged offences

26 Having considered the evidence, I found that the elements of both offences
were established and accordingly convicted the Accused of the two charges.

The law

27 In its submissions, the Prosecution stated that in a sexual assault case,
the complainant’s evidence must either be unusually convincing or corroborated
by evidence for the charge to be proved beyond reasonable doubt (see AOF v
Public Prosecutor [2012] 3 SLR 34 (“AOF”) at [111]). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

PCS at para 71.

The Defence did not challenge the Prosecution’s position, and in fact adopted
the same unusually convincing standard in its own submissions. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defence Reply Submissions dated 12 June 2017 (“DRS”) at paras 1-4.

28 Under the approach set out in AOF, the Court should not convict an accused
unless it finds on a close scrutiny that the complainant’s evidence is
unusually convincing, based on (a) the complainant’s demeanour in Court, (b)
the internal consistency of his or her evidence, and (c) its external
consistency when assessed against extrinsic evidence such as the evidence of
other witnesses or documentary evidence or exhibits (see AOF at [115]).
However, as I mentioned in Public Prosecutor v BLV [2017] SGHC 154 at [24],
the modern judicial tendency appears to lean in favour of relying more heavily
on the last two inquiries rather than an assessment of the complainant’s
demeanour.

29 If the complainant’s evidence is not unusually convincing, a conviction is
unsafe unless there is adequate corroboration of the complainant’s account of
the events (see AOF at [173]). Subsequent statements by the complainant
himself or herself constitute corroboration so long as those statements
implicating the accused were made at the first reasonable opportunity after
the commission of the offence (see Public Prosecutor v Mardai [1950] MLJ 33 at
33; AOF at [173]).

30 It was not entirely clear that the unusually convincing standard applied to
the present case. As the Court of Appeal in AOF explained (at [111]), that
standard applied “in a case where no other evidence is available” apart from
the testimonies of the complainant and the accused. In those situations, the
unusually convincing standard is the cognitive aid that helps untie the
“evidential Gordian knot… if proof is to be founded solely from the
complainant’s testimony against the accused” (XP v Public Prosecutor [2008] 4
SLR(R) 686 at [31]; Haliffie bin Mamat v Public Prosecutor and other appeals
[2016] 5 SLR 636 (“Haliffie bin Mamat”) at [29]). In practice, the unusually
convincing standard usually applies in trials of sexual offences where the
complainant and the accused each provides a diametrically opposite account of
what had occurred and the Court has to weigh the complainant’s word against
the accused’s word (see, eg, AOF). However, that may not mean that the
standard necessarily applies to all issues in all trials of sexual offences.
The question is whether the conviction turns solely on the complainant’s
testimony, not whether the charge is one involving a sexual offence.

31 In the present case, the primary contested issue was whether the Victim had
the capacity to consent to the events constituting the alleged offences at the
material time. In this regard, there was such other evidence, in the form of
the video evidence and the expert testimonies adduced by the Prosecution and
the Defence. Therefore, at least in relation to this issue, the rationale for
the unusually convincing standard did not appear to apply. This may be a point
that needs to be addressed in a subsequent appropriate case. For present
purposes, however, given the position taken jointly by the parties, and since
the difference was not material insofar as I was of the view that the Victim’s
evidence was in fact unusually convincing, I proceeded on the basis that the
unusually convincing standard set out in AOF applied.

Capacity to consent

32 As mentioned, the first and primary point of contention was whether, at the
material time of the offences, the Victim was intoxicated from alcohol to the
extent that she lacked the capacity to consent to the events constituting the
two charges. Section 90(b) of the PC provides that consent is “not such a
consent as is intended by any section of this Code… if the consent is given by
a person who, from… intoxication… is unable to understand the nature and
consequence of that to which he gives his consent”.

33 The Prosecution’s case was that the Victim had been unconscious as a result
of severe alcohol intoxication for the material period between about 4.04am
and 6.30am on 24 July 2014. In support of its case, the Prosecution relied on
the Victim’s evidence that there was a complete blank in her memory between
the time that she passed out at Zouk (ie, around 3.00am on 24 July 2014) and
the time that she was woken up by [W] at the Residence (ie, around 6.30am on
24 July 2014). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PCS at para 73.

The Victim’s evidence was said to be internally consistent, and also
externally consistent with three categories of evidence: 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PCS at paras 76-78.

(a) evidence relating to the Victim’s state when she was at Zouk in the early
morning of 24 July 2014 prior to the alleged offences;

(b) expert evidence of Dr Guo Song (“Dr Guo”) as to the Victim’s state at the
material time; and

(c) evidence relating to the Victim’s state following her departure from the
Residence at around 6.30am on 24 July 2014 after the alleged offences.

34 The Defence submitted that the Prosecution bore the burden of proving
beyond a reasonable doubt that the Victim was unconscious at the material time
of the offences. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

DCS at para 234.

In this regard, the Victim was not intoxicated to the extent that she was
unable to understand the nature and consequences of that to which she had
consented. Reliance was placed on the opinion of the Defence’s expert, Dr
Tommy Tan (“Dr Tan”), that the Victim, while not fully conscious, was
nevertheless of sufficient consciousness as to be able to consent to sexual
intercourse. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DCS at para 227.

Further, the Defence pointed out that nowhere in Dr Guo’s reports did he
“categorically state that [the Victim] was unconscious at the material time”.
39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DCS at para 233.

Apart from the expert evidence of Dr Tan, the Defence also relied on

(a) the Accused’s evidence as to the Victim’s state before, during, and after
the alleged offences, and

(b) the evidence of the Accused’s roommate at the Residence, Benjamin Lim, as
to the Victim’s state when she left the Residence at around 6.30am on 24 July
2014. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DCS at para 174; NE dated 11 April 2017 at p 69.

Victim’s state at and before 4.00am on 24 July 2014

35 I start first with the evidence of the Victim’s state of intoxication and
consciousness immediately before she left the premises of Zouk.

36 The Prosecution relied on seven CCTV video clips from Zouk to show the
Victim’s severe state of intoxication and unconsciousness immediately before
she left Zouk at around 4.04am on 24 July 2014. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PCS at para 37.

According to the Prosecution, the CCTV records were “[t]he most damning piece
of evidence” in the present case, and may be briefly described as follows: 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PCS at para 37.

File name| Time| Description  
---|---|---  
File ending 110342| 3:48:00| Victim was lying supine on a bench in Zouk.  
3:48:10| Victim fell off the bench.  
3:50:11| Victim was unable to remain upright.  
3:52:53| A group of individuals attempted to drag the Victim to her feet.  
3:53:12| Victim was dragged towards emergency stairwell.  
3:53:41| Accused lifted Victim’s body and carried it over his shoulder in a
fireman’s lift.  
File ending 114405| 3:53:53| Accused carried Victim’s body towards Zouk’s
emergency stairwell.  
File ending 115141| 3:53:56| Accused carried Victim’s body down emergency
stairwell. Victim was still slung over his shoulder and appeared unresponsive.  
File ending 120335| 3:54:22| Accused placed Victim’s body on the steps outside
emergency stairwell.  
3:54:47| Accused left the scene to fetch his car.  
3:58:25| Kwok and another lady tended to Victim; Victim remained unresponsive.  
4:00:39| Accused returned, lifted the Victim’s body and carried her away.  
File ending 150034| 4:00:45| Accused carried Victim’s body through the
passageway; Victim remained unresponsive.  
  
37 The CCTV recordings covered a period of approximately 12 minutes prior to
the Victim’s departure from Zouk. It captured Kwok, the Accused, and other
acquaintances attempting initially to get the Victim to her feet, and
thereafter the Accused carrying the Victim out of Zouk using a fireman’s lift.
It was clear to any viewer that the Victim’s body was limp and unresponsive.
The Victim was eventually placed in the backseat of the Accused’s car, even
though the front passenger seat was not occupied.

38 The CCTV recordings were very strong evidence that the Victim had been
unconscious at the material time of the offences. The accuracy and reliability
of these records were not disputed by the Defence. Given her state as
depicted, it was unbelievable that the Victim could have, by the Accused’s
account, woken up soon after leaving the club and responded that she wanted to
go to his place. Notably, the Accused did not say that he had physically
roused the Victim from her slumber, and there was no one else in the car who
could have done so. Similarly, the recordings cast serious doubt on the
Accused’s evidence that the Victim was sufficiently conscious at around an
hour or so thereafter to give consent for sexual intercourse with the Accused.

39 The conclusion about the Victim’s state from the CCTV recordings was
buttressed by evidence given by several of the Prosecution’s witnesses:

(a) Kwok’s conditioned statement 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AB at pp 1-4.

dated 26 September 2016 stated that at about 3.30am on 24 July 2014, the
Victim became “very drunk and looked very faint”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

AB at p 2.

A group of them tried to get the Victim to stand up, but “it was very
difficult” as the Victim was “so knocked out that her eyes were perpetually
closed. She was also not responding to anything at all”.

(b) Hafiza bte Faizal @ Hailey Fiza Frost (“Hafiza”), a security officer at
Zouk at the material time, stated in her conditioned statement 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AB at pp 5-7.

that on 24 July 2014 at about 3.00am, she noticed the Victim “appeared to be
drunk” and that she “was not responding to anyone at all”. While waiting for
the Accused to drive his car over, the Victim vomited and “did not seem to
know the condition that she was in”. Hafiza commented that “[the Victim]
looked like she must have drunk a lot, or had very little tolerance for
alcohol, as she was vomiting and appeared to be very knocked out. I am very
sure that the [Victim] did not know what was happening around her.”

(c) Kow Foo Oon (“Kow”) was a Service Supervisor at Zouk at the material time.
The conditioned statement 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

AB at pp 8-10.

dated 27 September 2016 recorded that at about 3.00am on 24 July 2014, the
Victim “appeared to be knocked out” and “did not respond to us at all”. Kow
recounted that the Victim “was so knocked out that she did not seem to know
what was happening”. At the carpark, “she could not stand up straight as she
was very drunk”. While helping to place the Victim in the backseat of the
Accused’s car, Kow entered the rear door on the other side and helped to guide
the Victim’s head in safely. Up to the point the Accused drove off, the Victim
“remained unconscious”.

40 The evidence of Kwok, Hafiza, and Kow were consistent in showing that the
Victim had been in an unresponsive and unconscious state at the time she left
Zouk with the Accused. The Victim could not perform basic functions, and Kow
had to guide the Victim’s head in to the backseat of the Accused’s car to
ensure her safety. Indeed, the Victim’s intoxicated state was so apparent that
Hafiza was confident enough to state that she was “very sure” that the Victim
was not aware of what was happening around her. In the circumstances, the
severity of the Victim’s intoxication and unconsciousness at around 4.00am on
24 July 2014 could not be, and indeed was not, disputed.

Victim’s state at the material time of the offences

41 As the Accused and the Victim were alone from around 4.00am to 6.30am on 24
July 2014, the Victim’s state of intoxication and consciousness at the
material time of the offences turned primarily on the conflicting expert
testimony.

(1) The Prosecution’s expert

42 The Prosecution’s expert was Dr Guo, who was a senior consultant
psychiatrist and the head of research in the addiction medicine department of
the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”). 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AB at p 23.

Dr Guo held a PhD in psychopharmacology, which is the study of the impact of
substances such as drugs and alcohol on human mood, thought, and behaviour. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at p 6.

In practice in Singapore since 2003, his specialisation at IMH was addiction
psychiatry, which included the management of alcohol addiction, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at p 6.

and he would see around 30 to 35 patients with alcohol-related psychiatric
issues per week. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at p 7.

Dr Guo had given expert evidence in about four to five cases relating to the
retrospective calculation or estimation of a person’s blood alcohol
concentration (“BAC”). 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at p 7.

43 For the present case, Dr Guo produced two written reports. The first report
was dated 8 June 2015. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

AB at pp 22-44.

Dr Guo considered the Victim’s BAC level at the time of her medical check-up
at 12.45pm on 24 July 2014, which was 62mg% (also represented as 62mg/100ml),
as well as the various statements given by the Victim, the Accused, and the
witnesses. He noted that the Victim had started consuming alcohol when she was
around 20 years old and would normally drink once in 2 to 3 months. Further,
Dr Guo recorded in his report aspects of the Zouk outing on 24 July 2014 as
recounted by the Victim during his interviews with her, including the Victim
not being able to recall the actual amount of alcohol she had consumed, but
being able to recall that she had consumed a variety of alcoholic drinks
including beer, champagne, wine, and hard liquor. She had also recounted that
after one of her female colleagues got drunk, she was persuaded by other
friends to drink even more. She drank faster than usual. The Victim’s last
memory was of a moment at around 3.00am on 24 July 2014, when she was holding
a glass of wine and sending a message to her boyfriend. The next thing she
could remember was her boyfriend shouting at her at the Residence. She was
only able to recall “some fleeting memories” of her being taken into her
boyfriend’s car, and her subsequent stay in the hospital and at her residence.
She did not recall ever giving consent to the Accused for sexual intercourse.

44 Amongst other things, Dr Guo drew the following conclusions in his first
report:

(a) The Victim’s alcohol habits prior to the incident suggested that it was
unlikely that she would have developed a high degree of tolerance to the
effects of alcohol. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AB at p 29.

(b) According to the Victim’s toxicology report, her BAC level was 62mg/100ml
(also expressed as 62mg%) at the time of the medical check-up at 12.45pm on 24
July 2014. Using the equation “BAC clearance = 120mg/kg/hr x bodyweight /
(bodyweight x 54%)”, the Victim’s hourly BAC clearance rate (ie, the hourly
rate of clearance of alcohol from the blood) was estimated to be 22mg%/hr. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AB at p 27.

The 54% value referred to the average proportion of body water available for
alcohol distribution for females. The 120mg/kg/hr referred to the alcohol
clearance rate for females. The Victim’s body weight was recorded as 47kg.

(c) Based on her BAC level as at 12.45pm and her estimated BAC clearance rate,
the Victim’s estimated BAC level during the material time from 4.00am to
6.00am on 24 July 2014 was between 254.50mg% and 210.50mg%. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

AB at p 28.

This was “clearly a case of binge drinking” that could have made the Victim
highly vulnerable to intoxication.

(d) A person with the Victim’s BAC at the material time “would not be fully
conscious of his or her actions”. The Victim was “highly likely to be in a
state of severe intoxication with significant impaired consciousness at the
time of the alleged incident. It is highly unlikely that she would have been
able to understand and follow any verbal instructions given to her at the time
of alleged incident… Therefore it is highly unlikely that she would have
consensually participated in the alleged incident that took place in that
eventful night”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

AB at p 29.

45 Dr Guo’s second report, dated 4 October 2016, made in response to Dr Tan’s
medical report which will be elaborated on later, maintained Dr Guo’s
conclusion in his first report and added that:

(a) Alcohol tolerance develops only after a period of chronic and daily
alcohol consumption. Based on the Victim and her father’s account of the
Victim’s prior consumption habits, it was “unlikely that she would have
developed a high degree of tolerance to the effect of alcohol”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

AB at p 48.

(b) The Victim’s BAC level at the material time fell within the BAC range in
which “unconsciousness could have happened”. The CCTV records at Zouk showed
the Victim’s impairment in motor performance and cognitive function at around
4.00am on 24 July 2014. This was consistent with the BAC level that could have
led to unconsciousness. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AB at p 48.

46 In Court, Dr Guo clarified his written reports as follows:

(a) His assessment as to the Victim’s condition was based not only on her
estimated BAC level, but also on her psychomotor performance immediately prior
to 4.00am that same day as observable on the CCTV recordings, as well as
interviews with and statements given by the Victim and the witnesses. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at p 34.

It was the entirety of the evidence that led Dr Guo to “rule out” the
possibility that the Victim might have been conscious at the material time. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at pp 22-23.

(b) When Dr Guo stated in his report that the Victim suffered from “impaired
consciousness”, he meant that she was unconscious at that time. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at p 11.

To Dr Guo, “unconsciousness” meant that the subject had “very minimal response
to stimulat[ion]”, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at p 11.

and such an unconscious person would be “unable to give any consent” and
“[u]nable to judge… what has happened… around her and also unable to make a
decision.” 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at p 11.

(c) At the material time, the Victim “could be aroused by… very strong
stimuli… but it does not mean that the… conscious[ness] will come back to
her”. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at pp 12 and 20.

Further, she may also have been able to provide “involuntary answer(s)”,
meaning that she would respond to a stimuli, but not understand what she was
talking about. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at p 21.

(d) Based on the hourly BAC clearance rate of 22mg%/hr and an estimated BAC
level of around 254mg% at about 4.00am, it would take around eight to ten
hours for the Victim to recover and reset her psychomotor function. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at pp 38-39.

(2) The Defence’s expert

47 The Defence’s expert was Dr Tan from the Novena Psychiatry Clinic, who was
a specialist in forensic psychiatry. Dr Tan provided one written report dated
11 May 2016, in which he opined that:

(a) Dr Guo’s estimation of the Victim’s BAC level was “acceptable”. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Dr Tan’s report dated 11 May 2016 at para 42.

(b) A person with the Victim’s estimated BAC level at the material time who is
non-tolerant of alcohol would have “poor judgment, with other symptoms of
slurred speech, ataxia and vomiting”. However, the Victim might not be non-
tolerant as “she had drunk alcohol in the past”. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Dr Tan’s report dated 11 May 2016 at para 45.

(c) “[I]t was possible that the [Victim] could have given consent to having
sexual intercourse with [the Accused], although her consent would be the
result of impaired judgment caused by the acute alcohol intoxication.” 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Dr Tan’s report dated 11 May 2016 at para 46.

48 Dr Tan’s assessment of the Victim’s condition at the material time had a
different nuance from Dr Guo’s. In Court, Dr Tan clarified that:

(a) When he used the term “impaired judgment”, he meant that “[s]he probably
was aware what’s happening but she just didn’t give thought to the
consequences of her actions. She did not fully consider all the possible…
factors that… might happen, could have happened after… her actions… She
probably didn’t consider that she have boyfriend and how it might affect the
relationship with the boyfriend”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 16.

(b) On the assumption that the Victim’s BAC level was 232.50mg% at 5.00am on
24 July 2014 as put forth by Dr Guo, at the material time of the alleged
offences the Victim “is not fully conscious but she is still conscious. She’s
definitely not unconscious, she’s definitely not in a state of coma or
anaesthesia. She’s still conscious.” 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 15.

(c) Around 35 minutes after 4.05am, which was the estimated time that the
Victim had arrived at the Residence, the Victim would have been able to wake
up. The Victim would also “likely” have been able to hear, understand, and
respond to the question “What is your block and unit number?”. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 13.

It was also “likely” that the Victim would have known that the Accused was
removing her dress and underwear. It was “likely” and “very possible” that the
Victim would have been able to respond and call out the Accused’s name while
they were having sexual intercourse. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 14.

After the sexual intercourse, the Victim would have been able to respond “no”
to the Accused’s question whether she wanted a glass of water, and she would
have been able to say “But I’m feeling cold”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 14.

At around 6.00am to 7.00am, the Victim “probably” can walk out of the
Residence herself unaided. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 17.

49 In coming to the above conclusions, Dr Tan relied on the interviews that he
conducted with the Accused, Benjamin Lim, Lim TH, and one Handoyo Halim who
was present at Zouk on the morning of 24 July 2014, as well as Dr Guo’s report
dated 8 June 2015, and the Accused’s statement to the police. Dr Tan’s report
referred to the Accused’s version of events, including the Victim having told
the Accused to go to his house when he asked her which block and unit she
stayed in. The Accused also told Dr Tan that the Victim “did not resist him”
when they had sexual intercourse and that she was “calling his name when they
were having sex”. Further, when [W] woke the Victim up, the Victim had a
“surprised look”, which the Accused described as a “as if got caught” look.

(3) Assessment of the Expert Evidence

50 I accepted Dr Guo’s opinion that the Victim had been unconscious at the
material time of the alleged offences, between 4.00am and 6.00am on 24 July
2014, to the extent that she could not have given consent to any of the events
constituting the two charges which would have satisfied s 90(b) of the PC (see
[32] above). I was also satisfied that Dr Guo’s assessment of the Victim’s
state at the material time was performed based on a proper and justified
estimation of the Victim’s BAC level and clearance rate.

51 It was undisputed that, based on the Victim’s toxicology report, her BAC
level was 62mg% as at 12.45pm on 24 July 2014 (see [44(b)] above). The dispute
was over how a retrospective estimation of the Victim’s BAC level during the
material period from 4.00am to 6.30am earlier that morning should have been
done. Dr Guo had arrived at his estimates by applying a BAC clearance rate of
22mg%/hr (see [44(b)] above).

52 Counsel for the Defence suggested that Dr Guo’s BAC assessment was
inaccurate because the BAC clearance rate applied by Dr Guo was too high, and
therefore the Victim’s estimated BAC level at the material time was also too
high. Counsel pointed to the decision of Public Prosecutor v Pram Nair [2016]
4 SLR 880 (“Pram Nair (HC)”), which also involved a serious sexual offence and
the issue of whether the victim had the capacity to consent to sexual
intercourse at the material time. There, expert evidence on the victim’s
estimated BAC at the material time was given using a BAC clearance rate of
15mg%/hr. Counsel submitted that if the same 15mg%/hr value had been used in
the present case, instead of the 22mg%/hr value in fact used by Dr Guo, the
Victim’s estimated BAC level at the material time would have been
significantly lower.

53 I did not accept this argument. First, a BAC clearance rate accepted in
relation to an individual in one case may not necessarily apply to all other
individuals in other cases. As Dr Guo and Dr Tan agreed, BAC clearance rates
differ from person to person. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

See, eg, NE dated 31 March 2017 at p 39; NE dated 31 March 2017 at pp 25-26;
NE dated 12 April 2017 at pp 5-6.

In fact, it would be more accurate to calibrate the BAC clearance rate
according to a particular individual’s weight, gender, build, and alcohol
tolerance. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at p 7 and 24.

Further, the factual and evidential matrixes of each case differ and it is a
matter of judgment for the trial Court whether or not, in each particular
case, an expert’s use of a particular BAC clearance rate is sufficiently
reliable.

54 Secondly, even though the Defence raised Pram Nair (HC), the Defence’s
expert, Dr Tan, did not in fact present an alternative set of BAC values or
estimations. According to him, there was nothing told to him by the Accused or
by Handoyo Halim, both of whom were present at Zouk on the morning of 24 July
2014, to indicate how much the Victim had consumed, or the speed at which she
had done so, during the outing. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 22.

Nor did Dr Tan manage to obtain the Victim’s build, weight, and other factors
relevant to his assessment of the Victim’s BAC clearance rate. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 22.

Apparently, Dr Tan had wanted to interview the Accused’s other friends who
were at Zouk that morning, but the Accused said that he could not get them. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 31.

In any event, Dr Tan had himself accepted in his written report that Dr Guo’s
estimation of the Victim’s BAC level was “acceptable” (see [47(a)] above).
Similarly, in Court, Dr Tan stated that although the 22mg%/hr BAC clearance
rate adopted by Dr Guo was on the high side for a female, the value was
nevertheless “still acceptable”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 5.

Indeed, Dr Tan opined that the difference in the BAC estimations between Dr
Guo and the Defence’s proposal was immaterial, since in his view, the Victim
“can give consent although it may be… due to impaired judgment… It doesn’t
matter [whether the estimated BAC at the material time was] 170 or 230, that’s
why [Dr Tan] didn’t quibble too much about the alcohol level.” 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 26.

55 Thirdly, Dr Guo’s assessment of the Victim’s state was not solely based on
her estimated BAC level at the material time, but rather on the entirety of
the evidence available to Dr Guo, including Zouk’s CCTV recordings which
provided objective evidence of the Victim’s psychomotor performance
immediately prior to 4.00am on 24 July 2014. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at pp 30-31 and 34.

According to Dr Guo, the Victim’s clinical manifestation was the main factor
that he had taken into account in assessing her condition at the material
time. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at pp 30-31.

Therefore, even if the Victim’s BAC level was in fact lower than his
estimation, unconsciousness during the material period would have been
possible based on the Victim’s clinical manifestation. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at p 30.

56 There were two minor issues concerning Dr Guo’s BAC estimations. First, Dr
Guo had used 47kg as the Victim’s body weight in calculating the BAC clearance
rate (see [44(b)] above), when her actual body weight at the material time was
49kg. However, the parties agreed that this minor discrepancy did not affect
the assessment in any material way. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at p 9; see also Dr Tan’s report dated 11 May 2016 at
para 40.

Second, even though Dr Guo had used the word “likely” in his written report to
describe his estimation of the Victim’s BAC at the material time, that was
because it was an estimation and not a lab test of the blood sample at the
material time. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at p 22.

In Dr Guo’s view, his method of calculation remained “the most… accurate
estimation” of the Victim’s material BAC, 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at p 21.

and such a view was not contradicted by Dr Tan.

57 Based on Dr Guo’s estimation, the Victim’s estimated BAC level from 4.00am
to 6.00am on 24 July 2014 was between 254.50mg% and 210.50mg%. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

AB at p 28.

As mentioned above (at [44(d)]), Dr Guo’s view was that the Victim was highly
likely to be in a state of severe intoxication with significantly impaired
consciousness, and highly unlikely to have been able to understand and follow
any verbal instructions given to her, and therefore highly unlikely to have
consented to the events constituting the two charges. In contrast, Dr Tan’s
view was that it remained possible for the Victim to give consent to sexual
intercourse, even though her consent would be the result of “impaired
judgment”.

58 I did not accept the evidence of Dr Tan on the Victim’s condition at the
material time for three main reasons.

59 First, Dr Tan’s opinion was not grounded on sufficient or relevant facts. I
have summarised the respective resources that Dr Guo and Dr Tan had access to
in the preparation of their reports above (see [46(a)] and [49]). Four
important resources were regrettably not considered by Dr Tan:

(a) One, he did not interview the Victim even though she was the subject of
his psychiatric assessment. For instance, after observing that the Victim was
aware of her circumstances but did not fully consider the consequences of her
action (at [48(a)] above), Dr Tan responded to the Prosecution’s next question
“Anything else?” with a curious remark that “I haven’t seen her so… I really
---cannot really comment but certainly she didn’t use all her… faculties”. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 16.

This was an unexplained incongruity in Dr Tan’s evidence, and it undermined
the reliability of his earlier assessment that the Victim had simply not
considered the consequences of her action.

(b) Two, as mentioned above, friends of the Accused who were there with the
Accused and the Victim, and who could have provided an account of the Victim’s
state while she was at Zouk, were not available to be interviewed by Dr Tan
(see [54] above). Dr Tan also did not have the benefit of the evidence of the
persons at Zouk who had helped the Victim on the morning of 24 July 2014. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 32.

(c) Three, until close to the end of his cross-examination, Dr Tan was not
shown the CCTV recordings of what had happened at Zouk on 24 July 2014
immediately prior to the Victim and the Accused’s departure, even though these
CCTV records presented the most objective and observable account of the
Victim’s condition immediately prior to the commission of the alleged
offences.

(d) Four, Dr Tan did not see Dr Guo’s second written report until one week
prior to trial. When he was shown that report in Court and asked to respond
orally to it, Dr Tan’s assessment appeared to shift in nuance. Rather than
suggesting that the Victim was conscious and responsive, he commented that the
Victim “definitely could be sleeping… she would be very sleepy, yes. But she’s
not in a… comatose stage that she can’t be woken up.” 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 16.

When pressed further, Dr Tan accepted that, at the time the Victim was in the
Accused’s car, she would have been sleeping if she had not been woken up. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 19.

60 In the round, I was of the view that the reliability of Dr Tan’s assessment
suffered due to inadequacies of the resources on which his assessment was
based.

61 Secondly, Dr Tan’s assessment of the Victim’s capacity to consent at the
material time (at paragraph 46 of his written report) appeared to have been
premised on an erroneous view that the Victim “may not be non-tolerant of
alcohol” (at paragraph 45 of his written report). Dr Tan’s sole basis for this
view was that “she had drunk alcohol in the past”. However, as Dr Guo
explained, past consumption did not mean that one would develop tolerance;
tolerance depended on the frequency and amount of alcohol used. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at pp 13-14.

Pharmacologically, alcohol tolerance would only develop if a person consumed
alcohol for five consecutive days, and even then that tolerance would diminish
in one week and disappear in two weeks. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at pp 14-15.

Therefore, in Dr Guo’s assessment, even if the Victim consumed alcohol once a
week, she was of “low or no [alcohol] tolerance”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at p 12.

Dr Guo’s evidence in this regard was subsequently unchallenged and un-
contradicted. Dr Tan did not cite any other reference or provide any other
reason for his assessment that the Victim could have given consent to sexual
intercourse with the Accused.

62 Thirdly, close to the end of cross-examination, Dr Tan made a significant
change in position. The Prosecution showed Dr Tan the CCTV recordings at Zouk
97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at pp 33-36.

and gave him a summary of the evidence given by Prosecution’s witnesses as to
the Victim’s state immediately prior to her leaving Zouk. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at pp 36-37.

The accuracy of the summary was not challenged. At this point, Dr Tan opined
that (a) as at 4.04am on 24 July 2014, the Victim was unconscious but
arousable, 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 39.

and (b) between 4.00am and 6.30am, the Victim was “[p]robably unconscious”
based on what was shown on the CCTV records: 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 40.

Q … between the time of 4.00 and---4.00am and 6.30am---

A Yes.

Q ---in your opinion, is it more likely that she was unconscious or conscious?

A Probably unconscious, based on what you had shown me on the video, yes.

Q Okay.

63 Dr Tan was then shown the statement of a police officer who recorded his
observations of the Victim at KKH at around 11.00am on 24 July 2014. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at pp 41-43.

When asked whether at around 5 minutes after 4.04am earlier that day the
Victim could have responded “go to your home” when the Accused allegedly asked
the Victim what was her block and unit number, Dr Tan opined: 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 44.

A More unlikely than likely, yes. He---I mean, you have to---she’s so
unconscious, you’ve got to prop her. It’s still possible that she could have
answered but, I mean, doing---given the probability---

Q Anything is possible, right?

A Yes.

Q Yes.

A Given the probability, it’s more likely that she couldn’t have answered.

64 In my view, it was significant that, having the benefit of the CCTV
recordings and the evidence of the other witnesses, the Defence’s own expert
took the position that the Victim was “probably unconscious” at the material
time.

65 In any event, Dr Tan’s initial opinion that the Victim could have given
consent at the material time could not be given much weight. This was because
Dr Tan appeared to have had in mind a different kind of “consent” from that
envisaged by s 90(b) of the PC. In examination-in-chief, when the Defence
counsel asked Dr Tan on the Victim’s condition assuming a BAC clearance rate
of 15mg%/hr, Dr Tan drew a clear distinction between the Victim’s ability to
consent, and her ability to give “valid” consent: 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 10.

Q Yes. Could you give us your opinion on whether a person with that blood
alcohol concentration would be able to know and understand what is happening?

A Yes, probably.

Q Would that person be able to give valid consent to having sexual
intercourse?

A Er, she would be able to give consent. I’m not sure about the validity of it
but definitely she’ll be able to give consent.

66 In further cross-examination, when the Prosecution asked Dr Tan if the
Victim could only give simple and intuitive responses, rather than “responses
which would… require thinking”, Dr Tan opined that using an average BAC level
between 170mg% and 230mg%, the Victim would be able to respond but it was not
clear “whether it was a conceded [sic] response or not”. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 52.

The transcript reference to “conceded" should have been “considered”.

67 Section 90(b) of the PC stipulates that no valid consent can come from
someone who is unable to understand the nature and consequence of that to
which consent is apparently given. In my judgment, Dr Tan’s evidence suggested
that his assessment of the Victim’s capacity to consent at the material time
was not consistent with the statutory conception of consent.

68 In relation to Dr Guo’s opinion, I accepted his assessment that the Victim
had been unconscious from 4.00am to 6.30am on 24 July 2014 such that she could
not have given consent for any of the events constituting the two charges. Dr
Guo’s written reports were well-reasoned, well-referenced, and based on far
more complete and objective information. In particular, he had access to still
images of the CCTV records at Zouk, and his evidence remained consistent even
after he was shown the CCTV footage in Court. Further, Dr Guo’s opinion was
externally consistent with the evidence of the Victim’s state prior and
subsequent to the 4.00am to 6.30am period in question. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

PCS at para 112.

In particular, his view that the Victim would take around eight to ten hours
to recover her psychomotor functions was consistent with the witnesses’
evidence on the Victim’s impaired psychomotor functions at various times of
the day on 24 July 2014.

69 Finally, I note that even if I had accepted the Defence’s argument that a
lower BAC clearance rate should have been applied, that would not have changed
my conclusion. It was the Defence’s expert’s own position that:

(a) The 10mg%/hr BAC clearance rate suggested by the Defence counsel based on
Pram Nair (HC) was “really on the low side”. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at pp 7-8.

(b) Assuming an hourly BAC clearance rate of 15mg%/hr, the Victim’s BAC level
would be 178.25mg% at 5.00am, and at this level, the Victim would “still be
intoxicated but less intoxicated. Her judgment is still be [sic] impaired”.
107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 10.

(c) It did not matter whether Dr Guo’s or the Defence counsel’s value of the
Victim’s estimated BAC level at the material time was adopted: “It doesn’t
matter its [sic] 170 or 230, that’s why I didn’t quibble too much about the
alcohol level.” 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 26.

Victim’s state at and after 6.30am

70 The Prosecution’s case was further buttressed by evidence relating to the
Victim’s condition at and after 6.30am when [W] found the Victim.

71 According to the Victim, her last memory at Zouk on the morning of 24 July
2014 was of her texting [W]. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NE dated 5 April 2017 at p 13.

The next thing she could remember was of [W] shouting at her: “Wake up. Look
at where you’re at now. Look at what you are wearing now.” 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NE dated 5 April 2017 at p 13.

She opened her eyes and found herself in an unfamiliar room. [W] and the
Accused had an exchange, but the Victim “was drifting in and out so [she]
could not remember clearly about what exactly happened”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE dated 5 April 2017 at p 13.

She could only remember [W] dragging her out of the house, and that she saw
pebbles on the floor and her legs being dragged. She similarly could not
recall exactly what had happened subsequently when she was in [W]’s car, at
her own residence, at KKH, and at the police station, as she was drifting in
and out of consciousness throughout these events. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE dated 5 April 2017 at p 13.

After she returned home, she “just crashed throughout” because she “felt… so
tired” and she “never had been so tired before”. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE dated 5 April 2017 at p 14.

72 The Victim’s account was consistent with that of [W]’s, her father’s, as
well as that of a police officer who had tried to interview her on the morning
of 24 July 2014.

73 [W]’s account of events on the morning of 24 July 2014 was as follows.
After he identified the Victim’s location at around 5.50am, he drove down to
the Residence. Benjamin Lim opened the front door. [W] went to the Accused’s
room and turned on the lights. The Accused immediately woke up and told [W]
that he did not do anything. The Victim remained unconscious when [W] pulled
down her blanket. [W] tried to wake the Victim up but could not. She could not
even open her eyes. [W] held her upright, but the Victim was still not awake.

74 After an exchange with the Accused during which the Victim remained
motionless, [W] grabbed the Victim’s shoulder and “shook her really hard”. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

NE dated 6 April 2017 at p 10.

The Victim could barely open her eyes. She looked at [W] and appeared “lost”.
She then fell back into an unconscious state. [W] raised his voice and told
the Victim that they had to go. He then “really use[d] all [his] strength just
to dragged her up [sic]”. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NE dated 6 April 2017 at p 10.

He had to drag her out of the Residence, with the Victim’s arm over his
shoulder, and his arm holding the Victim’s waist and grabbing her by her
pants. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NE dated 6 April 2017 at pp 10-11.

Only with his support did the Victim manage to get out of the Residence. At
the front door, the Victim was not able to wear her own shoes, so [W] used his
feet to put on slippers for her. [W] himself went barefoot. The Accused
pointed to a grass patch in front of his house and told [W]: “This was the
place where [the Victim] was drunk and she was lying here flat yesterday” and
“She was so drunk that---that she was just sleeping here so I had to get her
inside”. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NE dated 6 April 2017 at pp 10-11.

The Accused then took the Victim’s handbag which was left on his car and
passed it to [W]. [W] drove off with the Victim towards the Victim’s own
residence.

75 While in the car, [W] asked the Victim several questions. The Victim was
unconscious throughout and did not respond. At one point, [W] shouted out of
frustration and the Victim still remained unresponsive. The Victim probably
opened her eyes once. [W] suspected that the Victim was drugged. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE dated 6 April 2017 at pp 10-11.

76 [W] further testified that at the Victim’s residence, the Victim appeared
to be in extreme discomfort and just slept on the sofa. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NE dated 6 April 2017 at p 19.

The Victim’s mother brought the Victim to KKH. [W] and the Victim’s father and
brother first visited the Residence to retrieve the Victim’s mobile phone, and
later went to KKH. While at KKH, [W] tried to talk to the Victim, but the
Victim did not have the strength to reply, saying only that she was tired and
then falling back to an unconscious state. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NE dated 6 April 2017 at p 13.

Later that day, the Victim was supported by her family and [W] to a nearby
police station to make a report. There, the Victim was so tired that she had
to lean on [W]’s lap to rest while waiting for her statement to be taken. For
most parts of the day until the afternoon, the Victim was unconscious. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NE dated 6 April 2017 at p 14.

77 The Victim’s father testified in Court and corroborated [W]’s evidence. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at pp 41-75.

When [W] brought the Victim back home, the father asked her “What’s wrong with
you”, and she replied “Where am I? I’m very giddy”. The Victim then went to
rest on the sofa. The father suspected that the Victim might have been drugged
and thus asked the Victim’s mother to send her to a hospital while he, his son
and [W] went to the Residence to retrieve the Victim’s mobile phone and to
question the Accused. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at pp 44-45.

The Victim’s phone was eventually retrieved from the backseat of the Accused’s
car. The Accused said that he placed the Victim in the backseat because she
was drunk and he was afraid that she would puke. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at p 45.

78 At KKH, the father observed that the Victim was not fully awake. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at p 50.

When the father left the Victim to lodge a police report on the Victim’s
behalf, she was lying “almost subconsciously on… the bed”. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at p 46.

Later in the afternoon, the family brought the Victim home. The father
testified that “I’ve never seen [the Victim] slept [sic] for hours and hours.
Almost like a whole day which makes me even more convinced that something is
wrong… being drugged is very highly suspected”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at p 47.

79 I accepted the evidence of [W] concerning the state of the Victim when he
had found her at about 6.30am on 24 July 2014 at the Residence. He remained
unshaken in cross-examination and conceded matters he was unsure of. No reason
was put forward by the Defence for him, or the Victim’s father, to provide
anything but the truth as they perceived it. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PCS at para 116.

The evidence by the Victim, her father, and [W] were credible and consistent
in the material respects. The common thread was that the Victim had been in a
severely intoxicated state in the morning of 24 July 2014 and was largely
unresponsive. The Victim was only arousable by strong physical stimuli such as
[W] shaking her firmly. However, even then, the Victim was not coherent or
cogent in her speech or conduct, and would inevitably fall back quickly into
her drunken stupor. The Victim was in such an extreme state that both [W] and
her father had taken the view that she must have been drugged.

80 The Victim, her father, and [W]’s evidence was also corroborated by the
evidence of Senior Investigation Officer Chng Wee Boon (“SIO Chng”). In his
conditioned statement dated 28 September 2016, 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

AB at pp 61-62.

which was admitted without dispute, SIO Chng stated that when he reached the
KKH ward at about 11.00am on 24 July 2014 to interview the Victim, the Victim
was asleep on the bed. He tried to wake her up, but the Victim was “extremely
drowsy and unable to even sit up”. Despite SIO Chng’s attempts to wake the
Victim, she “was unable to respond… She would slip in and out of consciousness
throughout the time.” In total, SIO Chng spent around 10 minutes trying to
engage the Victim, but the Victim remained in no state to respond.

81 In my view, SIO Chng’s evidence was material. As the Prosecution noted, SIO
Chng was an objective and disinterested third party who had no reason to
fabricate or exaggerate his evidence. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

PCS at para 111.

Indeed, his evidence was not challenged by the Defence. His description of the
Victim’s condition corroborated the Victim’s, her father’s, and [W]’s accounts
in a material respect – that the Victim was not in a responsive or fully
conscious state as at 11.00am on 24 July 2014. Further, insofar as SIO Chng’s
evidence showed that the Victim’s condition had not significantly improved
even around seven hours after she had left Zouk with the Accused, his evidence
was consistent with Dr Guo’s opinion that, based on the BAC clearance rate of
22mg%/hr and the estimated BAC level of around 254mg% as at 4.00am, the Victim
would take around eight to ten hours to recover and reset her psychomotor
function (see [46(d)] above). 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at pp 38-39.

Assessment of the Defence’s evidence on capacity to consent

82 In contrast, the Defence’s evidence was not sufficiently cogent or credible
to challenge the strength and consistency of the Prosecution’s evidence.

83 The Accused’s account of events, which was largely consistent between his
police statement dated 31 July 2014 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Defence Exhibit D1.

and his account of the events in Court, was that while at Zouk on the morning
of 24 July 2014, the Accused and the Victim danced with each other, hugged,
and kissed. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

DCS at para 93

Later, at around 4.00am, when he discovered that the Victim was drunk, he
carried the Victim over his shoulder out of the club. At that time, the Victim
was “actually very hard to handle because she couldn’t stand up.” 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

NE dated 7 April 2017 at p 52.

84 After the Accused drove off with the Victim in the back of the car, he
realised within 5 minutes that he did not know the block and unit number of
the Victim’s residence. When he asked her about this, she responded “Go to
your place”. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NE dated 7 April 2017 at p 53.

The Accused did not physically shake or prod the victim; he merely asked the
question and the Victim responded. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NE dated 7 April 2017 at p 53.

The Accused also did not look into her handbag to find her NRIC and address
because he respected the decision of the Victim. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

NE dated 7 April 2017 at p 53.

85 When the Accused and the Victim arrived at the Residence around 35 to 45
minutes later, the Accused woke the Victim up and they walked together to the
unit. The Accused held the Victim’s shoulder to support her. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NE dated 7 April 2017 at p 54.

The Victim’s handbag was left on the car. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NE dated 7 April 2017 at p 54.

At the front door, the Accused led the Victim to sit on a chair and helped her
to take off her shoes. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NE dated 7 April 2017 at p 55.

The Accused denied that the Victim had ever laid down on the grass patch in
the vicinity. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

NE dated 7 April 2017 at p 55.

They then walked into the Accused’s room together. At this point, the Victim
was “a bit… unstable, but… still can walk”. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NE dated 7 April 2017 at p 55.

In the Accused’s bedroom, the Accused sat the Victim down, closed the door,
and “[w]ent back to [the Victim] then [they] kiss[ed] and hug[ged]”. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

NE dated 7 April 2017 at p 56.

When the Accused unzipped the Victim’s dress, she did not resist. He removed
her underwear, then his own clothes, put on a condom, and had sexual
intercourse with the Victim. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

NE dated 7 April 2017 at p 56.

During intercourse, they kissed and hugged. The Victim called out the
Accused’s name and asked him to push harder. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NE dated 7 April 2017 at p 57.

Thereafter, the Accused disposed of the condom in a dustbin. He put on his
clothes, and then helped the Victim to put on a boxer and a t-shirt. He asked
her whether she wanted water. She declined but said that she was cold. He then
covered her with a blanket and they both went to sleep. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

NE dated 7 April 2017 at p 57.

86 Later that morning, he heard someone open the door and immediately
recognised that it was the Victim’s boyfriend. The Accused denied having done
anything because [W] looked angry and the Accused was trying to protect the
Victim. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NE dated 7 April 2017 at p 58.

[W] questioned the Accused on what he had done. Then the Victim “[stood] up
and then they walk[ed] out together… from my room to the [front] door” with
[W]’s hand on the shoulder of the Victim. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NE dated 7 April 2017 at p 59.

At the door, because the Victim wore boots the previous night, the Accused
offered his slippers to the Victim, but [W] rejected that, instead offering
his own slippers. The Accused then lied to [W] that the Victim had lain on the
front porch the previous night in order to “cover up for [the Victim]”. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

NE dated 7 April 2017 at p 59.

The Accused also passed the Victim’s dress and belt in a plastic bag to [W]
while [W] was at the front door. While the Accused and [W] were standing at
the front door, the Victim walked unaided through the lawn to the gate of the
Residence. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

NE dated 7 April 2017 at p 60.

By that time, Benjamin Lim was in the vicinity. The Accused then walked
towards [W]’s car. He retrieved the Victim’s bag from the backseat of his own
car and passed it to the Victim who was sitting at the passenger seat of [W]’s
car. The Victim gave the Accused “the expression like sticking out her
tongue”. To the Accused, that meant that the Victim was thinking “Oh, shit.
Get [sic] caught. Don’t know how to explain”. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NE dated 7 April 2017 at p 60.

[W] and the Victim then drove off.

87 About an hour later, the Victim’s father, brother, and [W] confronted the
Accused at the Residence. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

NE dated 7 April 2017 at p 61.

They looked very angry and the Accused was afraid that he would be beaten.
Thus, he told them that the Victim was drunk the previous night and that
nothing had happened. The three of them questioned the Accused and searched
his room and his mobile phone. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

NE dated 7 April 2017 at pp 64-65.

The Victim’s mobile phone was retrieved from the backseat of his car.

88 At a separate meeting with the Victim’s father days after the incident, the
Accused told the father that the Victim had wanted to go to his place on 24
July 2014. Further, when they arrived at the Residence from Zouk, the Victim
had walked into the Accused’s room together with him. It was because she had
walked in with him, and had kissed and hugged him, that the Accused thought
that she was “okay already”. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

NE dated 7 April 2017 at p 68.

89 I did not accept the evidence of the Accused. First, it ran against the
mass of evidence that established the Victim’s severe state of intoxication on
the morning of 24 July 2014. The Victim could not have consented to the events
constituting either charge. As I have explained, this was borne out not only
by the observations of the witnesses, but also by experts’ assessment of her
mental state at the material time, including that of the Accused’s own expert,
and also the objective CCTV recordings.

90 Second, in my view, the Accused’s evidence was internally inconsistent. At
around 4.00am, the Victim had difficulty standing up (based on the Accused’s
account) and was entirely unconscious and unresponsive (based on the objective
and undisputed CCTV recordings). She had to be lifted onto the backseat of the
Accused’s car, even though the front seat was empty, and then guided into a
horizontal position because she could not sit upright. Yet, shortly
thereafter, she apparently could cogently process the Accused’s question about
where she stayed, and provide a sensible response “Go to your place”. In fact,
around 35 to 45 minutes later, she could even walk together with the Accused
from his car to the Accused’s room. However, in another twist of events, the
Victim then became so reliant that the Accused had to help the Victim take off
her shoes, and subsequently the Victim could not even take off her own clothes
or underwear whilst they were in the Accused’s room. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

NE dated 11 April 2017 at p 21.

One would also have thought that if the Victim had indeed been sufficiently
conscious and recovered, she would not have left her handbag and her mobile
phone in the Accused’s car. Nor would the Accused have been so concerned about
the Victim vomiting during the night that he had to put a towel on her pillow
for that purpose. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

NE dated 11 April 2017 at p 29.

91 The Accused’s account of what happened after sexual intercourse was also
unbelievable. On the one hand, the Victim could not independently wear her own
clothes and underwear. She also did not take any of her belongings or clothes
from the Accused’s place when she left the Residence. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

NE dated 11 April 2017 at p 40.

Further, the Victim was apparently not in a state to wear her own boots and
had to be lent slippers. On the other hand, the Victim could stick out her
tongue cheekily at the Accused to signal feigned guilt at being caught red-
handed. She could also walk unaided from the front door of the Residence to
the gate. In my view, the Accused’s account of the events on the morning of 24
July 2014 was unbelievable, and he had been less than generous with the truth.

92 I add that I did not find persuasive the Accused’s explanation for his
change of position between the versions that he told the Victim’s father (and
her brother and [W]) on 24 July 2014, and during his subsequent meeting with
the father. According to the Accused, he did not tell the Victim’s father the
truth on 24 July 2014 because there were three men confronting him angrily and
he was afraid of being beaten up. However, it appeared that several of the
things he said on 24 July 2014 would more likely have raised suspicions and
anger amongst the Victim’s family and [W]. For instance, he initially told the
Victim’s father that he had to drag the Victim into the Residence, even though
he subsequently claimed that the truth was that the Victim had walked in
together with him. Speaking the truth earlier would have helped the Accused
avoid accusations from the Victim’s family, for instance, regarding why he had
changed the Victim’s clothes. In my view, the Accused had hoped on 24 July
2014 to convince the Victim’s family that no sexual intercourse had taken
place. Being confronted a second time by the Victim’s father a few days after
24 July 2014, he worried about the flimsiness of his initial account and
decided to concede to having had sexual intercourse with the Victim, albeit
claiming that it had been consensual. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

See NE dated 11 April 2017 at p 30.

93 According to the Defence, the Accused’s evidence regarding how the Victim
had left the Residence on the morning of 24 July 2014 was supported by the
testimony of Benjamin Lim, who was the Accused’s roommate at the Residence and
had known the Accused for more than ten years. Benjamin Lim’s evidence in
Court was that when the Accused was standing at the front door of the
Residence with [W], the Victim was already outside the Residence’s main gate
which was some distance away. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

NE dated 11 April 2017 at p 64.

The implication appeared to be that the Victim had walked unaided to the main
gate.

94 I had significant doubts about the reliability of Benjamin Lim’s evidence.
His evidence directly contradicted the Prosecution’s evidence, particularly
the CCTV records. Even Dr Tan had expressed doubts about the plausibility of
the Victim walking unaided out of the Residence at 6.30am on 24 July 2014: 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 49.

Q You have seen this additional information about this girl. How likely is it
that this girl would have just popped out of bed at about 6.30am---

A Mm.

Q ---when she was aroused, get up and just walked out on her own, completely
unaided?

A “Completely unaided”, possible. Erm, more likely that she need some aid,
yah.

95 Furthermore, in Dr Tan’s written report, there was a section titled
“Interview with Mr Benjamin Lim”. In that section, Dr Tan recorded that, as
regards what had happened on the morning of 24 July 2017, Benjamin Lim had
told him that he could not recall how the Victim walked. In Court, Dr Tan
explained that Benjamin Lim “could not recall” witnessing the victim walking
unaided at any point in time. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 45.

Under cross-examination, Benjamin Lim initially responded that he could not
remember what he had told Dr Tan. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

NE dated 11 April 2017 at p 70.

Subsequently, when pressed further, Benjamin Lim maintained that Dr Tan had
not asked him anything about the Victim’s walking out of the Residence. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

NE dated 11 April 2017 at pp 71, 80.

96 As the Prosecution noted, Benjamin Lim’s evidence was simply too out of
line with the objective evidence to be believed. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

PCS at para 115.

In any event, I would not have placed much reliance on his evidence given that
he did not in fact see the Victim walk unaided.

97 On the whole, the evidence as to the Victim’s mental and physical state
immediately before, during and after the material time of the two alleged
offences established that she was in no capacity to consent to sexual
intercourse or to being moved by the Accused to the Residence. At the time she
left Zouk around 4.00am on 24 July 2014, she was severely intoxicated and
unresponsive. When she later left the Residence at around 6.30am, she was
still unable even to execute basic functions such as walking or talking. In my
judgment, the Victim was too intoxicated at the material time to understand
the nature and consequence of giving consent, and she could not therefore have
consented to the movement by force, or to the subsequent sexual intercourse
with the Accused. Valid consent under s 90(b) of the PC was not given in
respect of either offence. Insofar as the unusually convincing standard
applied, I found that the Victim’s evidence was indeed unusually convincing,
and was, in any event, corroborated by the evidence of Dr Guo and the
Prosecution’s witnesses.

Factual consent

98 Having decided that the Victim lacked the capacity to consent to the events
constituting either of the charges at the material time, there was no strict
need to consider the issue of whether, assuming she was not so intoxicated as
to have lacked the capacity to do so, the Victim had in fact given consent.
Indeed, there might be some conceptual difficulties for the trial Court to
consider this issue in the alternative, since the Victim’s evidence was that
she could not remember anything.

99 Nevertheless, an assessment could be made of the Defence’s argument that
the Accused and the Victim had at the material time a secret romantic
relationship and that, as an incident of the relationship, the Victim
consented to sexual intercourse with the Accused. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

DCS at paras 96 and 184.

The Defence relied on photographs of the Accused and the Victim extracted from
the Accused’s mobile phone taken prior to 24 July 2014, 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

DCS at para 95.

a number of WhatsApp messages between the Accused and the Victim prior to 24
July 2014, 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

DCS at paras 97-106.

the Victim’s testimony that the Accused had kissed her on the lips twice and
once on her cheek on separate occasions prior to 24 July 2014, 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

DCS at para 62.

and evidence that the Victim and the Accused had kissed on the mouth on the
very morning of 24 July 2014 at Zouk just prior to the alleged offences. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

DCS at paras 177-179.

100 In my view, the issue of the parties’ relationship was immaterial. It has
no probative relationship with the Victim’s capacity to give consent. Even if
the issue of factual consent had arisen, and even taking the Defence’s case at
the highest, a romantic relationship between the Victim and the Accused did
not mean that the Victim had given consent to sexual intercourse with him on
this occasion.

101 In the circumstances, I was of the view that nothing said by the Accused
sufficed to raise any question about the Victim’s evidence that she did not in
fact give consent to any of the events that had occurred on the morning of 24
July 2014. The Victim’s evidence was internally and externally consistent. As
mentioned, even if the Victim had been friendly with the Accused, and even if
they had an amorphous and secretive romantic relationship, that did not amount
to consent to the Accused moving the Victim to the Residence by force, and all
the more did not amount to consent to sexual intercourse with the Accused.
Further, under cross-examination, the Accused accepted that they had never
engaged in sexual intercourse prior to 24 July 2014, even though there might
have been “ample opportunity” to do so. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NE dated 11 April 2017 at pp 19-20.

Contrary to the Defence’s submission, I did not consider that the Victim’s
denial of any secret relationship with the Accused impeached her credibility,
as the evidence did not bear out that she had lied or been untruthful in any
material respect of her testimony. I also found the Accused’s account of the
events, such as the Victim telling the Accused that she wanted to go to his
place despite her intoxicated state (which even if not to the extent that
negated her capacity to consent, was undeniably of a serious extent) to be
unbelievable. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

DCS at para 240.

Submissions on the abduction charge

102 I turn now to address the legal submissions made on the abduction charge.

103 At the close of the Prosecution’s case, even though the Defence made no
submission of no case to answer, I requested the parties to submit on whether
the elements of the offence of abduction under s 362 of the PC could be made
out if the alleged victim was unconscious and therefore could not and did not
put up any resistance. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

NE dated 5 April 2017 at pp 104-105; NE dated 6 April 2017 at p 63; NE dated 7
April 2017 at pp 1-21.

Having heard the parties’ submissions, I found that there was a sufficient
case for the defence to be called on the abduction charge. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

NE dated 7 April 2017 at p 23.

Further submissions on the charge were made by the parties in their closing
submissions.

104 The Prosecution’s case was that the Accused had by force compelled the
Victim to go from Zouk to the Residence on the morning of 24 July 2014. The
Defence’s submission was that the term “compel” indicated that the person
being compelled must have been forced or constrained to do something despite
resisting to do so. Thus, if the Victim was unconscious at the material time
when the Accused carried her out of Zouk and drove her to the Residence, the
offence of abduction would not be made out. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

DCS at paras 242-248

105 Section 362 read with s 363A of the PC provides for the offence of
abduction simpliciter as follows:

Abduction

362\. Whoever by force compels, or by any deceitful means induces any person
to go from any place, is said to abduct that person.

Punishment for abduction

363A. Whoever abducts any person shall be punished with imprisonment for a
term which may extend to 7 years, or with fine, or with caning, or with any
combination of such punishments.

106 Notably, the offence of abduction simpliciter was newly created pursuant
to amendments to the Penal Code in 2007. Prior to 2007, abduction was
punishable only as an auxiliary act, ie, when it was done with the specific
intentions mentioned under ss 364 to 369 of the PC, such as abduction in order
to murder, to wrongfully confine, or to force into marriage. In 2007, s 363A
of the PC was introduced to make abduction simpliciter an offence.

107 In the present case, the only issue was whether the fact that the Victim
had been unconscious at the material time negated the applicability of s 362
on the basis that she could not and did not resist. Insofar as I was aware,
there was nothing in the legislative or consultative materials relating to the
2007 amendments that shed light on the applicability of s 362 to an
unconscious victim. Further, as of the date of my judgment, there appeared to
have been no case in Singapore involving the abduction of an unconscious
victim. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Prosecution’s Submissions on Abduction (“PS Abduction”) at para 8.

108 Having considered the submissions, I accepted the Prosecution’s argument
that a charge of abduction could be made out even if the Victim was
unconscious at the material time and thus could not and did not put up
resistance. The requirement of resistance or consciousness had no basis in the
statutory language of s 362 (or for the matter, s 363A). A plain and ordinary
reading of the word “compel” did not exclude an unconscious victim from the
scope of the provision and from being the subject of an abduction ordinarily
so understood. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

PS Abduction at paras 42-43.

Indeed, if s 362 was limited to conscious victims, an absurd outcome might
result where movements forced and compelled upon an unconscious or sleeping
person would be exempted from criminal liability however egregious the offence
might have been and even though the victim would have been more helpless and
in need of protection. That, in my view, left precisely the most vulnerable
persons outside the scope of s 362.

109 The Prosecution submitted that the prohibition of abduction under s 362
read with s 363A reflected Parliament’s intention to protect personal liberty
and autonomy, but it accepted that there was no direct evidence as to the
legislative purpose of these provisions in the present context where an
unconscious victim was concerned. In my view, while regard should be had to
the purpose of a statutory enactment, such purpose must be ascertained with
care. In the absence of a sufficiently clear statement of purpose in the
relevant Parliamentary debate or other preparatory material, the Court should
be careful not to ascribe an artificial purpose, as that may amount to
judicial legislation. In the present case, I did not find that there was
sufficient relevant material to indicate the purpose underlying ss 362 and
363A that would be relevant to its application on the facts. It was clear that
the provisions aimed at the protection of liberty and movement and perhaps
autonomy, but how these considerations were to apply in respect of an
unconscious victim was not at all clear.

110 I appreciated that this interpretation of s 362 may create a broad scope
of criminal liability, insofar as the movement of a sleeping spouse, the
assisting of a person in a wheelchair, or a Good Samaritan’s moving of an
unconscious victim out of harm’s way would prima facie constitute an offence.
Nevertheless, there are general defences in the PC, as well as the discretion
of the Public Prosecutor, that will limit any injustice that may be caused by
this reading of s 362 of the PC. In addition, a different interpretation will
be inconsistent with the plain and ordinary reading of the word “compel” as
explained above.

111 I add that even though submissions were made on the Indian position, that
did not to my mind assist. First, unlike the position recently adopted in
Singapore, the Penal Code (Act No 45 of 1860) (India) (“the Indian Penal
Code”) did not recognise abduction simpliciter as an offence. Second, as the
Fifth Indian Law Commission recognised, in relation to s 362 of the Indian
Penal Code, it was “not clear as to whether the definition takes into its
ambit the act of bodily lifting and carrying away a person when he is
unconscious or asleep”. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

PS Abduction at para 35.

A subsequent proposal to clarify that s 362 did apply was apparently not
adopted by inadvertent lapse of time. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

PS Abduction at para 35.

112 For these reasons, I did not accept the Defence’s submission that the
present case fell outside the scope of s 362 of the PC on the basis that the
Victim was unconscious and therefore could not and did not resist the
Accused’s moving her by force from Zouk to the Residence. In my view, the
Victim had in fact been compelled by the use of force to go from Zouk to the
Residence through her being transported there by the Accused in his car.

The defence of mistake of fact

113 The defence of mistake of fact is provided for under s 79 of the PC:

Act done by a person justified, or by mistake of fact believing himself
justified by law

79\. Nothing is an offence which is done by any person who is justified by
law, or who by reason of a mistake of fact and not by reason of a mistake of
law in good faith believes himself to be justified by law, in doing it.

114 To establish the defence, the accused bears the burden to show, on a
balance of probabilities, that “by reason of a mistake of fact” he “in good
faith” believed himself to be justified by law in doing what he did which
constituted the offence (Public Prosecutor v Teo Eng Chan and others [1987]
SLR(R) 567 at [26]; affirmed in Pram Nair v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR
1015 (“Pram Nair”) at [110]). Under s 52 of the PC, no fact is believed “in
good faith” if it is so believed “without due care and attention”.

115 At the outset, I should note that the defence was not in fact raised by
the Defence in its submissions. Nevertheless, the Prosecution addressed the
defence out of an abundance of caution. The Prosecution submitted that (a) the
factual basis for such a mistaken belief, namely, the purported secret
relationship between the Victim and the Accused had not been proved on the
evidence, (b) there was no evidence that the Victim had, in the morning of 24
July 2014, conducted herself in any manner that could have misled the Accused,
and in any case, such conduct did not induce the Accused to believe that the
Victim had wanted to go to the Residence and have sexual intercourse, and (c)
there was a lack of good faith on the part of the Accused.

116 I agreed with the Prosecution that the defence was not made out on the
facts of the case in relation to either of the offences.

117 For the rape charge, the Accused could not in good faith have believed
that the Victim had consented to sexual intercourse with him. First, he was
aware of the Victim’s severe state of intoxication at the material time. As
mentioned, the CCTV recordings showed that the Victim had completely passed
out at around 4.00am on the morning of 24 July 2014. She could not even exit
the premises of Zouk on her own with assistance, and the Accused had to carry
her out over his shoulder by way of a fireman’s lift. Even by the Accused’s
own evidence, the Victim was unstable on her feet and apparently could not
remove her own dress or underwear immediately prior to the sexual intercourse.
179

##### Foot Note 179

×

NE dated 11 April 2017 at p 21.

Second, insofar as the purported secret relationship and the allegation that
the Victim and the Accused had kissed at Zouk in the early morning of 24 July
2014 were concerned, I did not consider that such relationship and conduct
could give rise to a mistaken belief in good faith that the Victim had
consented to sexual intercourse. Notably, as the Prosecution suggested, even
taking the Accused’s case at its highest, there appeared to have been a far
gap between the purported state of their relationship on 24 July 2014 and
consensual sexual intercourse. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

PCS at para 165.

As mentioned, under cross-examination, the Accused accepted that they had
never engaged in sexual intercourse or physical intimacy of such kind and
degree even though there had been “ample opportunity” to do so prior to 24
July 2014. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

NE dated 11 April 2017 at pp 19-20.

Thirdly, I note that Dr Tan, who was the Defence’s expert, testified that the
Accused had said that he “did not know whether she could or could not give
consent”. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 28.

Subsequently, Dr Tan again repeated the point that the Accused did not know
whether or not the Victim could or could not have given consent: 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

NE dated 12 April 2017 at p 29.

A […] I’m asked by counsel to see Mr Ong.

Q Yes.

A All right, he---basically he asked me, whether there’s any alternative
reason, so Mr Ong is my subject so to speak, okay, on---he’s not my patient
because I never treated him.

Q Yes.

A So he’s my subject. So I am actually saying, so why is Mr Ong making that
kind of mistake. Why---sorry, not a mistake, why couldn’t---he couldn’t
understand whether, you know, the consent---whether the---the woman has given
consent or not. That was the reason, that’s the alternative I said.

Q But your inquiry is not so much into what Mr Ong understood or how he
reacted in the situation. Your inquiry really is to understand why she consent
or did not consent as in was she able to consent. That is the inquiry, isn’t
it?

A No. No. My inquiry---my inquiry could also encompass why the, er---the
defendant couldn’t understand what’s happening. Why couldn’t he understand
that he---whether she or---she or---she could or could not give consent.

[emphasis added]

118 In my judgment, it was not plausible that the Accused had believed in good
faith that the Victim had consented to sexual intercourse or to going to his
place in her utterly inebriated state on 24 July 2014. Rather, the
irresistible inference was that the Accused had decided to take advantage of
the Victim’s intoxication even though he knew that she was not in any state to
give consent.

The appropriate sentence

The rape charge

Sentencing principles applicable to rape cases

119 Rape is a grave offence. It severely violates the dignity and bodily
integrity of the victim, often causing deep-seated trauma. In this light, I
was of the view that the primary sentencing considerations were, as with other
serious sexual offences, retribution and the need for deterrence of similar
heinous acts.

120 At the same time, I was mindful of the need for consistency, certainty and
proportionality in the meting out of the sentence. The Court of Appeal in Ng
Kean Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 (“Ng Kean Meng
Terence”) set out a revised framework for the sentencing of rape offenders,
which involves a two-step approach as follows (at [39]):

(a) First, the court should identify under which band the offence in question
falls within, having regard to the factors which relate to the manner and mode
by which the offence was committed as well as the harm caused to the victim
(we shall refer to these as “offence-specific” factors). Once the sentencing
band, which defines the range of sentences which may usually be imposed for a
case with those offence-specific features, has been identified the court
should then determine precisely where within that range the present offence
falls in order to derive an “indicative starting point”, which reflects the
intrinsic seriousness of the offending act.

(b) Secondly, the court should have regard to the aggravating and mitigating
factors which are personal to the offender to calibrate the appropriate
sentence for that offender. These “offender-specific” factors relate to the
offender’s particular personal circumstances and, by definition, cannot be the
factors which have already been taken into account in the categorisation of
the offence. In exceptional circumstances, the court is entitled to move
outside of the prescribed range for that band if, in its view, the case
warrants such a departure.

[emphasis original]

121 In relation to the first step of the sentencing framework, the offence-
specific factors relevant to the case should be identified. The Court of
Appeal in Ng Kean Meng Terence provided a non-exhaustive list of offence-
specific factors including group rape, abuse of position and breach of trust,
premeditation, violence, rape of a vulnerable victim, forcible rape of a
victim below the age of 14, hate crime, severe harm to victim, and deliberate
infliction of special trauma (at [44]).

122 Once the offence-specific factors are identified, the case can be
classified into one of three sentencing bands set out by the Court of Appeal
in Ng Kean Meng Terence (at [47]). Band 1 is applicable to cases at the lower
end of the spectrum of seriousness where there are no offence-specific
aggravating factors or where these factor(s) are present to a very limited
extent. Band 2 comprises cases involving a higher level of seriousness where
there are usually two or more offence-specific aggravating factors. Band 3 is
applicable to extremely serious cases of rape by reason of the number and
intensity of the aggravating factors. The sentencing range for each band were
prescribed as follows (Ng Kean Meng Terence at [47]):

(a) Band 1: 10 – 13 years’ imprisonment, 6 strokes of the cane.

(b) Band 2: 13 – 17 years’ imprisonment, 12 strokes of the cane.

(c) Band 3: 17 – 20 years’ imprisonment, 18 strokes of the cane.

123 In relation to the second step of the sentencing framework, the Court
should have regard to the aggravating and mitigating factors which are
personal to the offender. In other words, the offender-specific factors which
relate to the offender’s personal circumstances are to be considered (Ng Kean
Meng Terence at [39(b)]). The Court should then determine the weight that
should be placed on these factors and the effect of these factors on the
sentence to be imposed. An adjustment beyond the sentencing range prescribed
for the band identified in the first step is permissible, but clear and
coherent reasons should be provided if this is done (Ng Kean Meng Terence at
[62]). Examples of offender-specific factors include: offences taken into
consideration for the purposes of sentencing, the presence of relevant
antecedents, display of evident remorse, youth, advanced age, and pleas of
guilt (Ng Kean Meng Terence at [64]–[71]).

124 Subsequent to this two-step approach, in cases where an offender has been
convicted of multiple charges, the Court may, if it thinks necessary, make
further adjustments to the sentence to take into account the totality
principle and to ensure that the global sentence is appropriate and not
excessive (Ng Kean Meng Terence at [72]–[73]).

The parties’ positions

125 The Prosecution submitted that the applicable sentencing band for the
present case was Band 2 based on the presence of four offence-specific
aggravating factors:

(a) rape of a vulnerable victim;

(b) abuse of position and breach of trust;

(c) premeditation; and

(d) severe harm to the victim.

126 In the circumstances, the Prosecution submitted that a sentence of 14
years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane was appropriate in respect of
the rape charge. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Prosecutions submissions on sentence dated 21 August 2017 (“PS Sentence”) at
para 27.

127 The Defence argued that there was only one offence-specific aggravating
factor, ie, the exploitation of the Victim’s vulnerability, and therefore that
the appropriate sentencing band was Band 1. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Defence’s further submissions on sentence dated 31 October 2017 (“DFS
Sentence”) at paras 5-7.

On the facts, a sentence of 10 years’ imprisonment and 6 strokes of the cane
was appropriate in respect of the rape charge. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

DFS Sentence at para 15.

The decision

128 In my view, the case fell within Band 2 of the sentencing framework and I
accordingly sentenced the Accused to 13 years and 6 months’ imprisonment and
12 strokes of the cane in respect of the rape charge.

(1) Vulnerability of the Victim

129 The prosecution submitted that the present case involved the rape of a
vulnerable victim as the Accused had exploited the Victim’s severely
intoxicated state when he raped her. The Prosecution cited the case of Pram
Nair in support of its position that there is no basis to distinguish between
a victim who is vulnerable because of a permanent characteristic and one who
is vulnerable because of a temporary condition for the purposes of sentencing.
The Victim in the present case was highly vulnerable because of her
unconsciousness and unresponsiveness at the material time. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Prosecution’s further submissions on sentence dated 30 October 2017 (“PFS
Sentence”) at paras 1-8.

130 The Defence accepted that following the decision in Pram Nair, the Victim
was to be considered a vulnerable victim due to her intoxication at the
material time. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

DFS Sentence at paras 5-7.

However, the Defence argued that the Accused was less culpable than the
accused in Pram Nair because latter did not use a condom, was convicted of
digitally penetrating the victim in addition to rape, and was in a position of
trust or responsibility vis-à-vis the victim. In addition, the victim in Pram
Nair was severely intoxicated at the material time and when found, was
unresponsive until she started foaming at the mouth. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

DFS Sentence at paras 8-13.

131 The Court of Appeal’s decision in Pram Nair made it clear that an
intoxicated victim can be considered vulnerable, if such intoxication resulted
in the victim losing control over his or her ability to respond to sexual
advances. The Court of Appeal explained in Pram Nair (at [126]):

[W]e see no basis for distinguishing between a victim who is vulnerable
because of permanent characteristic and one who is vulnerable because of a
temporary condition – for example, one who is physically frail because of a
sprained ankle or mentally impaired because of heavy intoxication. The latter
might also become targets because they are less able to fend off the
offender’s sexual advances in the moment of the offence. … A victim with only
a temporary disability or impairment may be less likely to be subjected to
such a course of sexual assault, but it does not mean she is not vulnerable on
the single occasion on which she is assaulted. The essential feature of this
aggravating factor is that its existence makes it easier for the offender to
commit the rape of the victim. The offender who targets an intoxicated victim
exploits the same advantage.

132 In the present case, I found that the Victim was severely intoxicated at
the material time of the rape offence to the extent that she lacked the
capacity to respond to or to resist the sexual advances of the Accused. In my
view, the vulnerability of the Victim, which the Accused knew of and
exploited, was an operative offence-specific aggravating factor.

(2) Abuse of position

133 The Prosecution submitted that the Accused had been in a position of trust
and responsibility vis-à-vis the Victim and that his abuse of such position
constituted an offence-specific aggravating factor. Although the Accused and
the Victim were never in a romantic relationship with each other, the Accused
was nevertheless a friend and mentor of the Victim. In particular, the Victim
confided in the Accused and treated him as a confidante who would mediate
between her and her bosses. The Accused was thus someone whom the Victim came
to rely on and trust during her internship at Kombi Rocks. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

PFS Sentence at para 14. NE dated 13 September 2017 at p 7.

While acknowledging that the present case was not a “classic abuse of trust
scenario (such as between employer and employee, or parent and child)”, the
Prosecution urged the Court to find that the Accused’s breach of the Victim’s
trust from being a close friend of the Victim was an offence-specific
aggravating factor. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

PS Sentence at para 17.

134 On the other hand, the Defence submitted that there could be no abuse of
position where the perpetrator and the victim were merely friends as that
would result in too broad a scope for the aggravating factor of abuse of
position. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

NE dated 13 September 2017 at p 11.

135 I was unable to accept the Prosecution’s argument on abuse of position in
the manner that it was framed. In Ng Kean Meng Terence, abuse of position as
an offence-aggravating factor was explained as follows (at [44(b)]):

Abuse of position and breach of trust: This concerns cases where the offender
is in a position of responsibility towards the victim (eg, parents and their
children, medical practitioners and patients, teachers and their pupils), or
where the offender is a person in whom the victim has placed her trust by
virtue of his office of employment (eg, a policeman or social worker).

136 Further, in Public Prosecutor v NF [2006] 4 SLR(R) 849 (“NF”), abuse of
position was described as requiring the accused to be “related to the victim
in a way that allows him to abuse his position of trust or authority” (at
[25]).

137 The cases made clear that it was only where the offender exploited his or
her position of trust or responsibility that this offence-specific aggravating
factor would be found to be present. Where the offender was in a position of
responsibility towards the victim (eg, parents and their children, medical
practitioners and patients, teachers and their pupils) or where the offender
was a person in whom the victim had placed trust by virtue of the offender’s
office of employment (eg, a policeman or social worker), such exploitation was
evident by virtue of the very nature of the relationship between the offender
and the victim. On the other hand, the exploitation or abuse of position would
not be evident where there was merely a friendship or a collegial relationship
between the offender and the victim. In such circumstances, I was of the view
that an abuse of position could only be relied on as an aggravating factor in
exceptional circumstances, such as where there was evidence that there had
been a deliberate exploitation of the friendship or collegial relationship in
the commission of the offence. Save in such exceptional circumstances, the
requisite nexus between the relationship and the offence would not usually be
satisfied.

138 On the facts, in relation to the nature of the relationship between the
Accused and the Victim, I found that they were merely close friends or
colleagues. While the Accused may have dispensed informal advice to the Victim
from time to time, that did not amount to the assumption of a position of
responsibility equivalent to that between, for instance, parents and their
children, medical practitioners and patients, and teachers and their pupils.
Nor, in my view, did the Victim repose such trust in the Accused by virtue of
the latter’s office of employment. On these premises, abuse of position could
not be established on the basis of the parties’ relationship alone. It might
have been material, for instance, if the Accused had exploited his position as
a friend or colleague to induce the Victim to accompany him to Zouk and plied
her with alcoholic drinks with an eye to exploiting her vulnerability
thereafter. However, there was no evidence of any such attempt. The Victim had
willingly gone to Zouk to celebrate Maria’s departure and there was no
evidence that the Accused had plied her with alcoholic drinks in order to get
her into a vulnerable state.

(3) Exploitation of entrustment

139 I turn now to a distinct but related offence-specific aggravating factor:
the exploitation of entrustment by third parties.

140 Abuse of position is an offence-specific aggravating factor for the
following reason as explained in Ng Kean Meng Terence (at [44(b)]):

When [an offender who is in a position of responsibility or position of trust]
commits rape, there is a dual wrong: not only has he committed a serious
crime, he has also violated the trust placed in him by society and by the
victim.

141 Although there was no abuse of position in the present case, I found that
the Accused had exploited the entrustment to the Accused of the Victim’s
safety by the other individuals at Zouk on the morning of 24 July 2014,
including the friends and colleagues of the Victim, as well as the staff
members of the club.

142 While exploitation of entrustment by third parties was not expressly
recognised by the Court of Appeal in Ng Kean Meng Terence as an example of an
offence-specific aggravating factor, I was of the view that it would be
appropriate to treat this factor as such. Where the safety or wellbeing of the
victim is entrusted to an offender by third parties, the offender, although
not in a position of trust or responsibility in the sense outlined in the
previous section, nevertheless commits an analogous “dual wrong”: not only has
he committed a serious crime, he has violated the trust placed in him by
others to protect or at least refrain from causing harm to the victim. That
would, to my mind, be sufficient to amount to an offence-specific aggravating
factor.

143 On the present facts, the Accused was given the opportunity to be alone
with the Victim and to be in control of the Victim’s person and movement
because the others had entrusted him with bringing her home and keeping her
unharmed. In fact, the Accused had told the Victim’s friends, including Kwok,
and the staff of Zouk that he would send the Victim home. However, the Accused
violated such trust placed in him by the others; he exploited the situation
and committed a heinous act on the Victim. In the circumstances, I found that
the exploitation of the entrustment that the third parties had reposed in the
Accused was an offence-specific aggravating factor in the present case.

(4) Premeditation

144 The Prosecution submitted that the rape offence had been premediated
because there was a significant period that transpired between the time that
the Accused and the Victim left Zouk and the time that they arrived at the
Residence. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

PS Sentence at para 19; NE dated 13 September 2017 at pp 8-9.

In addition, the Accused had brought the Victim to the Residence even though
he had another place of residence that was closer to her residence purportedly
because he had wanted to avoid being noticed by the public. The Residence,
being a private property, was more secluded than his other place of residence
which was in a public housing district. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

PS Sentence at para 19; NE dated 11 April 2017 at p 51; NE dated 13 September
2017 at p 9.

145 The Defence disagreed that there had been premeditation as there was no
evidence that the Accused had deliberately plied the Victim with alcoholic
drinks at Zouk. The intention to commit the offences was formed only at some
point after the Accused and the Victim left Zouk. The Defence referred to Pram
Nair, in which the Court of Appeal indicated that premeditation requires a
significant degree of planning and orchestration, and argued that this was
absent in the present case. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

DFS Sentence at paras 3-4.

146 I did not accept the Prosecution’s submission that the rape offence in the
present case had been premeditated. In Ng Kean Meng Terence, the Court of
Appeal explained that premeditation is an offence-specific aggravating factor
because it reflects a “considered commitment towards law-breaking” and thus
reflects greater criminality (at [44(c)]). Examples of premeditation include
the use of drugs or soporifics to reduce the victim’s resistance, predatory
behaviour, or the taking of deliberate steps towards the isolation of the
victim (at [44(c)]).

147 The requirements for finding premeditation as an offence-aggravating
factor for serious sexual offences were further clarified in Pram Nair, where
the Court of Appeal found that there had been no premeditation and explained
as follows (at [136]–[138]):

136 … [I]n the circumstances of the present case, as we have mentioned, what
happened appears to us to be a case of an offender seizing an opportunity
rather than having acted in a calculated manner.

137 This is all the more so when we compare the appellant’s behaviour with the
kind of sexual offences that our courts have characterised as being
premeditated. To take but a few recent examples:

(a) In Ng Jun Xian v PP [2017] 3 SLR 933 (“Ng Jun Xian”), the victim wanted to
return to the hostel she was staying at. The offender persuaded her to rest at
a hotel and he reassured her that she would be left alone and allowed to
sleep. After bringing the victim to the hotel room, he took the opportunity to
sexually assault her. See Kee Oon JC observed that there was premeditation
because the offender had ‘sought to set the stage by sending the victim to the
hotel despite her initial reluctance and he took the opportunity when it
presented itself to commit the sexual assault’ (at [42]).

(b) In PP v Lee Ah Choy [2016] 4 SLR 1300, the offender observed the victim
for a period of time and came to understand her morning routine. He took the
victim to a HDB block and even brought along a paper-cutter which he used to
threaten her. Hoo Sheau Peng JC observed that this ‘demonstrated his resolve
to see his plan through to completion’ and that he did not commit the offence
on the spur of the moment (at [51]).

(c) In PP v Sim Wei Liang Benjamin [2015] SGHC 240, the accused had used the
internet with the clear intention of ensnaring his victims and luring them to
engage in sexual activities with him (at [30]). This court noted in Terence Ng
([117] supra) that the offender had acted in a ‘predatory manner’ (at [55]).

138 These examples show that the kind of premeditation which the law regards
as aggravating an offence involves a significant degree of planning and
orchestration. The appellant’s acts did not really involve any pre-planning.
Before their meeting on that fateful day, they were strangers to each other.
It appears to us that the appellant’s moves that night were hatched on the
spur of the moment.

148 In Pram Nair, the offender had raped and sexually assaulted a heavily
intoxicated victim. They had met at a party several hours prior to the
offence. The Court of Appeal found that the offender had not deliberately
offered drugs or soporifics to the victim and that his acts did not involve
any pre-planning. It was a case of the offender seizing an opportunity rather
than him having acted in a calculated manner (at [135]–[136]).

149 As was the case in Pram Nair, there was no evidence that the rape offence
in the present case was premediated by the Accused. It was not proven that the
Accused had deliberately chosen to bring the Victim to the Residence as
opposed to his public housing residence for the reason that the former was
more secluded and there would be fewer witnesses. Since the offence was
carried out within the four walls of a bedroom rather than at a public
location, it was not of material significance whether it took place in a
bedroom in the Residence or a public housing residence. I also found that the
Accused’s explanations for having driven the Victim to the Residence instead
of his public housing residence, ie, that he had himself been staying at the
Residence, that it was nearer to his workplace, and that he desired to avoid
road blocks en route to his public housing residence, 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

NE dated 11 April 2017 at p 50.

were not unbelievable. In addition, there was no evidence that the Accused had
deliberately plied the Victim with drinks or had drugged her so that he could
take advantage of her vulnerable state.

150 In the circumstances, there was no premeditation by the Accused in
relation to the rape offence. Instead, it appeared a fairer characterisation
that the Accused had been opportunistic in the moment in taking advantage of
the Victim’s vulnerability.

(5) Harm to victim

151 The Prosecution submitted that the psychological trauma suffered by the
Victim was a further offence-specific aggravating factor. This was evident
from the Victim’s Impact Statement, in which the Victim stated that she was
plagued by suicidal thoughts after the incident and suffered insomnia, anxiety
and depression. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

PS Sentence at para 21.

The Defence did not make submissions in relation to the harm to the Victim.

152 I accepted that instances of rape, by their inherently violent and
intrusive nature, often cause the victim to suffer significant psychological
and physical harm. The suffering of victims usually justifies the sentencing
consideration of retribution which in turn translates into heavy sentences
passed down, being measured in years rather than months. Indeed, following the
revised sentencing framework set out in Ng Kean Meng Terence, sentences of
less than a decade will be relatively rare for offenders convicted of rape.

153 In the present case, it was clear from the Victim Impact Statement that
the Victim was significantly and adversely affected by the criminal conduct of
the Accused. On her unchallenged account, she had suffered insomnia, mood
swings, suicidal thoughts, loneliness, loss of trust, and reduced productivity
after the incident.

154 However, invidious though the process of comparison of trauma may be, and
without discounting in any way what the Victim had undeniably suffered, there
needs to be a relatively severe state of psychological or physical harm shown
in order for the Court to find that there is an additional offence-specific
aggravating factor bringing the case to a higher sentencing band.

155 In Ng Kean Meng Terence, the Court of Appeal provided three examples of
the serious physical or psychological effects on the victim which would
aggravate the offence. These were pregnancy, the transmission of a serious
disease, or a psychiatric illness. Further, in NF, the Court stated (at [53]):

[B]efore a court considers the impact of a crime on a victim, it is necessary
and crucial that there be a firm evidential basis for the determination of the
extent of the damage that the crime has had on the victim. When such evidence
is available the court should carefully assess the harm that has befallen the
victim in arriving at a sentence that fairly and accurately represents the
gravity of the offence …

156 In the present case, there was no evidence adduced to establish any of the
situations identified in Ng Kean Meng Terence, or that the Victim had suffered
any other condition of equivalent or greater severity. I recognised that the
psychological impact of the incident on the Victim was substantial, but it was
not to the extent that would bring the case within Band 3 of the sentencing
framework.

(6) The appropriate sentence

157 The Prosecution submitted that there were four offence-specific
aggravating factors, bringing the case within Band 2 of the sentencing
framework established in Ng Kean Meng Terence.

158 The Defence submitted that there was only one offence-specific aggravating
factor, ie, the vulnerability of the Victim. Accordingly, this case fell
within Band 1 of the sentencing framework as Band 2 cases involved offence-
specific factors which were far more aggravating. In this respect, the Defence
sought to distinguish the present case from cases cited in Ng Kean Meng
Terence as examples that would fall within Band 2. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Plea-in-mitigation dated 21 August 2017 at paras 11-12.

Further, according to the Defence, the Accused was less culpable than the
offender in Haliffie bin Mamat, a case cited by the Court of Appeal in Ng Kean
Meng Terence as falling within Band 1. This was because Haliffie bin Mamat
involved deception, ejaculation into the victim, physical violence,
humiliation of the victim, physical injury, and the victim there had suffered
post-traumatic stress disorder. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Plea-in-mitigation dated 21 August 2017 at paras 16-18.

159 For the reasons stated above, in my view, there were two offence-specific
aggravating factors in the present case: (a) the fact that the Victim was
vulnerable as a result of her severe intoxication, and (b) the fact that the
Accused had exploited the entrustment to him of the Victim by third parties at
Zouk. Following the sentencing framework set out in Ng Kean Meng Terence, the
present case fell within Band 2. Cases with only one offence-specific
aggravating factor, such as Haliffie bin Mamat and Pram Nair, both of which
fell within Band 1 of the sentencing framework, were distinguishable. Within
Band 2, I found that the present case was at the lower end of the spectrum
given the number and intensity of the offence-specific aggravating factors.

160 With regard to the second step of the two-step approach articulated in Ng
Kean Meng Terence, no offender-specific aggravating or mitigating factors were
raised by the Prosecution or the Defence. The Prosecution submitted that there
were no offender-specific mitigating factors. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

PS Sentence at paras 23-26.

No submissions were made by the Defence on offender-specific factors.
Accordingly, no adjustment was made to the sentence to take into account any
offender-specific factors.

161 For the foregoing reasons, I was of the view that a sentence of 13 years
and 6 months’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane was appropriate in
respect of the rape charge.

The abduction charge

162 Section 363A of the PC provides that the sentencing rage for abduction
simpliciter is imprisonment up to seven years, and/or fine, and/or caning. The
Prosecution submitted that the appropriate sentence for the abduction charge
was eight months’ imprisonment, 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

PS Sentence at para 29.

while the Defence argued in favour of an imprisonment term of less than eight
months. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Plea-in-mitigation dated 21 August 2017 at paras 19-20.

163 As at the time of my decision, there was no relevant High Court or Court
of Appeal sentencing precedent for abduction simpliciter under s 362 of the PC
of a similar nature to the present case, ie, of an unconscious victim. The
closest precedent was the unreported District Court judgment in Public
Prosecutor v Ng Siang Hai DAC 942299/2016 (17 July 2017) (“Ng Siang Hai”), in
which eight months’ imprisonment was imposed for the abduction of an
unconscious and intoxicated person. In that case, the victim had gone drinking
with a friend and that same friend had sent the victim home to her apartment
block. Seeing that the victim was lying unconscious and intoxicated on the
ground of the lift lobby, the accused, who was a neighbour of the victim,
abducted the victim from the lift lobby to his flat by carrying her into his
flat. There was no issued grounds of decision for that case.

164 The other cases under s 362 of the PC highlighted by the Prosecution and
the Defence differed significantly on the present facts, and were thus of
little relevance. This included Public Prosecutor v Chong Voon Keong Jeffrey
and another [2011] SGDC 210 (“Jeffrey Chong”), in which the two accused
persons abducted the victim by compelling him into a motorcar and driving him
to a cemetery where he was beaten up by a group of persons. The accused
persons were each sentenced to eight months’ imprisonment for the abduction
charge.

165 There were sentencing precedents in relation to other abduction and
kidnapping offences under the PC. In Public Prosecutor v Chee Cheong Hin
Constance [2006] 2 SLR(R) 707, the accused was charged under s 361 of the PC
for kidnapping from lawful guardianship, punishable under s 363 of the PC. The
High Court stated the following in relation to the relevant sentencing
considerations for an offence under s 363 of the PC (at [24]):

26 … The duration of the act, the motive for the abduction and any harm caused
to the victim are all relevant considerations.

25 In determining the appropriate sentence in this case, I am mindful that the
single transaction and totality principles must not be overlooked … To that
extent, I am conscious of that the accused’s subsequent act in causing [the
victim] to fall from the Block should not figure as a sentencing consideration
in this offence, as it has already been dealt with in the sentence for the
culpable homicide offence.

[emphasis original]

166 I was of the view that in determining the appropriate sentence in relation
to an abduction charge under s 362 and punishable under s 363A, the duration
of the abduction, the motive for the abduction, and any harm caused to the
victim in the abduction are likewise relevant considerations. The
vulnerability of the victim is also a relevant sentencing factor.

167 In the present instance, the abduction charge was framed in relation to
the compelled movement of the Victim from Zouk to the Residence. In this
context, during the period of travel, there was no harm or injury inflicted on
the Victim by the Accused. The Accused did not use violence to compel her to
move. Nor did he assault the Victim at any time during the car ride. On this
basis, the Defence submitted that the Accused should receive a sentence of
less than eight months’ imprisonment because he was less culpable than the
accused persons in Jeffrey Chong who had assaulted the victim during the
abduction. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Plea-in-mitigation dated 21 August 2017 at paras 19-20.

168 Although the absence of injury to the Victim was relevant, I did not
consider that this automatically merited a lower sentence than that imposed in
Jeffrey Chong. Other sentencing factors must be taken into account. In the
present case, the Accused had abducted the Victim while she was in an
exceptionally vulnerable state of unconsciousness and unresponsiveness,
similar to what the accused had done in Ng Siang Hai. He had taken advantage
of the Victim’s severe intoxication and the entrustment to him of the Victim
by the Victim’s friends and the staff of Zouk. More importantly, the abduction
had placed the Victim in a position of isolation and greater vulnerability,
creating the opportunity for the separate offence of rape to be committed.
Weighing the relatively short duration of the abduction and the lack of
violence inflicted against the aggravating factors present, I was of the view
that a sentence of eight months’ imprisonment was appropriate for the
abduction charge.

Running of sentences

169 The Defence asked for the sentences to be run concurrently. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Plea-in-mitigation dated 21 August 2017 at para 21.

The Prosecution did not argue against this. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

PS Sentence at paras 27, 29 and 30.

Given that the offences of abduction and rape in the present case were
committed as part of the same criminal transaction, and in the light of the
overall culpability of the Accused, it was appropriate in my judgment for the
sentences for the rape charge and the abduction charge to be run concurrently.

170 In the circumstances, I sentenced the Accused to a global sentence of 13
years and 6 months’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

Compensation order

171 The Prosecution sought compensation from the Accused for the out-of-pocket
medical expenses incurred by the Victim as a result of the Accused’s offences.
This amounted to $76. The Defence did not object. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

NE dated 13 September 2017 at pp 19-21; NE dated 13 Nov 2017 pp 18-19.

172 Under s 359(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed)
(“CPC”), the Court is required to consider whether or not to make a
compensation order against an accused in favour of a victim who was injured in
respect of his person, character or property. Section 359(1) of the CPC reads:

Order for payment of compensation

359.—(1) The court before which a person is convicted of any offence shall,
after the conviction, consider whether or not to make an order for the payment
by that person of a sum to be fixed by the court by way of compensation to the
person injured, or his representative, in respect of his person, character or
property by —

(a) the offence or offences for which the sentence is passed; and

(b) any offence that has been taken into consideration for the purposes of
sentencing only.

173 In addition, under s 359(2) of the CPC, the Court must make a compensation
order if it is of the view that it is appropriate to do so:

(2) If the court is of the view that it is appropriate to make such an order
referred to in subsection (1), it must do so.

174 The purpose of a compensation order has been well considered and
articulated. In Soh Meiyun v Public Prosecutor [2014] 3 SLR 299 (“Soh
Meiyun”), the Court reiterated that “compensation orders are meant solely to
provide redress to the victim and are not intended to punish the offender” (at
[56]). Further, in Public Prosecutor v Donohue Enilia [2005] 1 SLR(R) 220
(“Donohue Enilia”), the Court established that there must be a causal
connection between the offence committed by the accused and the injury, loss,
or damage suffered by the victim before a compensation order can be made (at
[22]). Such injury, loss, or damage should also be readily ascertainable and
not subject to significant dispute (Donohue Enilia at [24]).

175 In assessing whether the compensation order sought by the Prosecution was
appropriate in the present case, I was aware that compensation orders are most
suitable and are usually ordered where the victim has grounds to commence a
civil suit against the offender but faces practical difficulties such as the
lack of expenses to do so (see Soh Meiyun at [56], Public Prosecutor v AOB
[2011] 2 SLR 793 at [23]–[24]; Donohue Enilia at [19]). There was no
suggestion that the Victim in the present case was unable to commence a civil
suit due to impecuniosity. In addition, no precedents in which a compensation
order was made in relation to a sexual offence were brought to my attention.

176 Nevertheless, on the facts of the present case, I was satisfied that the
making of a compensation order was appropriate. First, the sum involved was
such that it would not have been practicable for the Victim to seek civil
redress from the Accused. Second, there was a clear direct link between the
medical expenses for which compensation was sought, and the offences committed
by the Accused. Third, the Accused did not dispute the monetary sum or the
making of a compensation order.

177 In the circumstances, I was of the view that a compensation order of $76
would be appropriate and would be consistent with the fundamental purpose of
such orders to provide redress to the victim rather than to punish the
accused.

178 Under s 360(1)(d) of the CPC, the Court may direct that a person suffer
imprisonment for a certain term in default of payment of the compensation sum.
Section 360(1)(d) reads:

Provisions as to money payable as compensation

360.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Code, where any person is, under
this Code, for any reason whatsoever, ordered to pay any sum of money by way
of compensation, the court making the order may at any time before that sum
has been paid in full, in its discretion, do all or any of the following
things:

…

(d) direct that in default of payment of the compensation sum, that person
must suffer imprisonment for a certain term, which imprisonment must be
consecutive with any other imprisonment to which he may be sentenced or to
which he may be liable under a commutation of sentence; …

179 Accordingly, I ordered that one day’s imprisonment be imposed in default
of payment of the compensation sum of $76.

Miscellaneous matters

180 At the end of his testimony in Court, the Victim’s father made certain
remarks about the impact that the Accused’s conduct had caused to his
daughter, [W], and the family. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

NE dated 31 March 2017 at pp 67-75.

As I indicated to him and to the parties, while I appreciated the emotions
that ran high in the present case, it was not appropriate to hear his account
in this regard prior to the determination of the Accused’s guilt. If the case
proceeded to the sentencing stage, evidence on the emotional impact of the
Accused’s conduct could be adduced then. For the avoidance of doubt, I placed
no weight on the Victim’s father’s evidence in this regard, insofar as the
issue of conviction was concerned.

Conclusion

181 In conclusion, I convicted the Accused of rape under s 375(1)(a) read with
s 375(2) of the PC and abduction simpliciter under s 362 read with s 363A of
the same Act as I was satisfied that both offences had been proven beyond a
reasonable doubt.

182 Having considered the applicable sentencing principles, I sentenced the
Accused to a global imprisonment term of 13 years and 6 months, and 12 strokes
of the cane. I also granted a compensation order of $76, in default one day of
imprisonment.

183 I would like to record my gratitude to counsel for both sides for their
assistance in and fair conduct of this case.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

Sellakumaran Sellamuthoo & Siti Adrianni Marhain  
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;  
Peter Keith Fernando (Leo Fernando) (up to 6 August 2017)  
Sunil Sudheesan & Diana Ngiam (Quahe Woo & Palmer LLC)  
(7 August 2017 onwards) for the accused.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

