Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 230

Criminal Case No 18 of 2018

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

Choo Peng Kuen  
---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

[Criminal Law] — [general exceptions] — [unsoundness of mind]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Choo Peng Kuen

  

[2018] SGHC 230

High Court — Criminal Case No 18 of 2018  
Pang Khang Chau JC  
27 – 29 March; 30 April, 7 May 2018; 14 August 2018

22 October 2018

Pang Khang Chau JC:

Introduction

1 The accused, Choo Peng Kuen, a 51-year-old male Singaporean faced a capital
charge of possessing not less than 36.42 g of diamorphine for the purposes of
trafficking, an offence under section 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the Misuse
of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”). The accused claimed trial to
the capital charge. Ten other charges were stood down by the Prosecution.

2 The proceeded charge (“capital charge”) states:

That you, CHOO PENG KUEN,

on 19 February 2015 at about 2.37 a.m., in unit #04-14 of Siglap V Condominium
located at No. 881 East Coast Road, Singapore 458278, Singapore, did traffic a
Class ‘A’ controlled drug listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs
Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed), to wit, you possessed for the purpose of
trafficking fifteen (15) packets and two (02) straws containing not less than
1302.09 grams of granular/powdery substance which was analysed and found to
contain not less than 36.42 grams of diamorphine, without authorisation under
the said Act or the Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby
committed an offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) punishable under s 33(1)
of the Act, and further upon your conviction under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2)
of the Act, you may alternatively be liable to be punished under s 33B of the
Act.

[Emphases in original.]

3 The accused’s defence relied mainly on psychiatric evidence to assert that
he was suffering from mental disorders which negated his intent to possess all
36.42 g of the diamorphine, and/or which caused him to follow the command of
an auditory hallucination to purchase part of the diamorphine (27.61 g) for
the purpose of smoking himself to death on it.

4 After hearing extensive psychiatric evidence and considering the submissions
from the learned deputy public prosecutors and defence counsel, I disbelieved
the accused’s defence, and convicted the accused on the capital charge. I
further found that the accused was not a courier within the meaning of s
33B(3)(a) of the MDA. Accordingly, I sentenced the accused to suffer the death
penalty as mandated by law.

5 The accused has appealed against his conviction and sentence. I now provide
the reasons for my decision.

Facts

The undisputed facts

6 The Defence accepted most of the Prosecution’s evidence, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”), dated 30 April 2018, at para 2.

which was adduced largely by way of the Statement of Agreed Facts (“ASOF”)
pursuant to s 267 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed), as
well as the uncontested statements of 48 witnesses under s 264 of the CPC
(“conditioned statements”). In the main, the trial focussed on the psychiatric
state of the accused. However, it will be helpful to set out the key facts as
established in the ASOF and the undisputed conditioned statements.

The arrest and discovery of drugs on 18 February 2015

7 On 18 February 2015, the Police were tipped off about a firearm located at
the accused’s apartment at the Siglap V Condominium. At or about 11:20 pm,
Deputy Superintendent Burhanudeen Haji Hussainar (“DSP Burhan”) spotted the
accused at the basement carpark of the Siglap V Condominium. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ASOF, at paras 3-5.

DSP Burhan and Assistant Superintendent Chris Lee Tien Huat (“ASP Lee”)
approached the accused. He was questioned and then searched. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

DSP Burhan’s conditioned statement, at para 7, at Agreed Bundle, Vol. 2
(“2AB”) 421.

8 The accused was carrying a black clutch bag. Inside were two stacks of $50
notes totalling $10,000, five handphones, and two packets of crystalline
substance. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Sergeant Muhammad Helmi bin Abdul Jalal’s (“Sgt Helmi”) conditioned statement,
at paras 6C and 7A, at 2AB 464.

Upon further questioning, the accused admitted that the crystalline substance
was “ice” (a street name for methamphetamine), which he intended for his own
consumption. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ASP Lee’s conditioned statement, at paras 7-8, at 2AB 426.

9 Simultaneously, a group of officers detained the accused’s friend, Lim Chin
Huat Jerry (“Jerry”), along with Jerry’s girlfriend, “Poo”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

DSP Burhan’s conditioned statement, at para 8, at 2AB 421.

At the time of the offence, the accused was residing in a room, while Jerry
resided in the other room, in the accused’s two-room apartment. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ASOF, at para 6.

The accused, Jerry, and “Poo” were accosted by the officers as they were
leaving the apartment for dinner. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ASOF, at para 28.

10 The accused led the officers to his apartment and pointed out his bedroom,
where a search was conducted. No firearm was found. However, in the course of
the search, ASP Lee discovered several packets of brown granular substances in
the bottom drawer of a computer table in the accused’s bedroom. The search was
discontinued and the Central Narcotics Bureau (“the CNB”) was called in to
take over the investigation. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ASOF, at paras 7-8.

11 For ease of reference, I include a table of the following exhibits seized
from the computer table, together with the corresponding analysis results from
the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”): 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ASOF, at paras 12 and 15.

Place found| CNBExhibit label| Details of exhibit| Gross weight| Net weight of
diamorphine  
---|---|---|---|---  
From the top of the computer table (“C”)| C2| One straw of granular/powdery substance| 0.21 g | Not analysed for net weight  
From the top drawer of the computer table (“D”)| D1| Four packets and one straw containing a granular/powdery substance| 47.93 g | 1.00 g   
From the bottom drawer of the computer table (“E”)| E5| One packet of granular/powdery substance| 231.4 g | 5.59 g   
E6A| Five packets of granular/powdery substance| 37.40 g | 0.60 g   
E7| One packet of granular/powdery substance| 67.85 g | 1.62 g   
E1| One packet of granular/powdery substance| 231.0 g | 6.71 g   
E2| One packet of granular/powdery substance| 229.1 g | 6.14 g   
E3| One packet of granular/powdery substance| 227.4 g | 7.73 g   
E4| One packet of granular/powdery substance| 229.8 g | 7.03 g   
Total gross weight of heroin: 1,302.09 g Exhibits C2, D1, E5, E6A, and E7
comprising net weight of 8.81 g of diamorphine were from the first shipment
referred to at [18] below.Exhibits E1, E2, E3, and E4 comprising net weight of
27.61 g of diamorphine were from the second shipment referred to at [20]
below.Total net weight of diamorphine: 36.42 g  
  
12 Various other drug exhibits and paraphernalia were seized from the
accused’s computer table and from a dining table in the living room of the
accused’s apartment. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Sgt Helmi’s conditioned statement, at para 7, at 2AB 466-467.

Many of these non-diamorphine drug exhibits formed the subject matter of the
stood down charges. Seven phones belonging to the accused (including those
stated at [8] above) were also seized. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ASOF, at para 17.

The accused’s drug trafficking activities up to 14 February 2015

13 The accused gave various recorded statements to the Investigation Officer,
Shafiq Basheer (“IO Shafiq”). These included:

(a) Cautioned statement under s 23 of the CPC, recorded on 22 February 2015,
at about 5:15 pm (“the first statement”);

(b) Statement under s 22 of the CPC, recorded on 23 February 2015, at about
5:57 pm (“the second statement”);

(c) Statement under s 22 of the CPC, recorded on 3 March 2015, at about 9:00
pm (“the third statement”);

(d) Statement under s 22 of the CPC, recorded on 4 March 2015, at about 3:38
pm (“the fourth statement”);

(e) Statement under 22 of the CPC, recorded on 4 March 2015, at about 9:32 pm
(“the fifth statement”);

(f) Statement under s 22 of the CPC, recorded on 5 March 2015, at about 9:32
pm (“the sixth statement”); and

(g) Statement under s 22 of the CPC, recorded on 5 March 2015, at about 11:34
pm (“the seventh statement”).

14 The accused’s statements were admitted pursuant to IO Shafiq’s conditioned
statement. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”), 27 March 2018, 57:7-12.

The accused agreed that the statements were recorded accurately, and not
recorded under oppressive circumstances. He had given all of these statements
voluntarily, without any threat, inducement, or promise. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ASOF, at para 16; NE, 27 March 2018, 88:11-14.

15 The accused revealed that he had been arrested on an earlier drug
trafficking charge in May 2013 and had recently been released on bail on
September 2014. Sometime in October 2014, whilst on bail, the accused relapsed
into smoking heroin. He had also returned to his drug trafficking activities,
as he claimed he needed money to pay for his lawyers’ fees. During this time,
the accused began to acquire his own clients, and dealt with various
suppliers, including a Malaysian drug supplier known to him as “Billa Visu”.
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ASOF, at paras 18-20.

16 The accused accepted that, as part of his drug trafficking activities, he
would use weighing scales to weigh the heroin and repack them into small
plastic packets. The accused moved into the Siglap V Condominium on 18 January
2015. Drug couriers from the accused’s Malaysian suppliers would go directly
to the Siglap V Condominium to deliver drugs to the accused. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ASOF, at paras 21-22.

The two shipments of the 8.81 g of diamorphine and the 27.61 g of diamorphine

17 While the accused had admitted that he had previously been trafficking in
drugs (see [15]-[16] above), the focus of the present case was on the period
between 14 February and 18 February 2015 relating to two shipments of drugs
which comprised the seized exhibits (listed in the table at [11] above).

18 The first shipment pertains to one pound of heroin and 250 g of “ice”
ordered by the accused from Billa Visu sometime on 14 or 15 February 2015. The
heroin was delivered to the accused in two bundles and the “ice” in one bundle
the following day. The accused paid the courier $13,700 in cash. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ASOF, at para 23.

19 The accused repacked one of the two bundles of heroin, and proceeded to
place the other bundle (exhibit E5) into the bottom drawer of his computer
table in his bedroom. He also placed in this drawer five zip-lock packets of
heroin (exhibit E6A), and an additional packet of heroin (exhibit E7). At this
time, the accused also placed four packets and a straw of heroin (exhibit D1)
in the top drawer, and a straw of heroin (exhibit C2) on the top of the
computer table. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ASOF, at para 24.

On analysis, the various heroin packets from the first shipment were found to
contain a net weight of 8.81 g of diamorphine (“the 8.81 g of diamorphine”).
19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) certificates under section 16 of the MDA,
issued by Merula Mangudi, dated 3 June 2015, bearing Lab Nos.
ID-1532-00333-009, ID-1532-00333-014, ID-1532-00333-026, ID-1532-00333-027,
and ID-1532-00333-028, at Agreed Bundle, Vol. 1 (“1AB”) 97-98, 103-105.

20 The second shipment pertains to two pounds of heroin which the accused
ordered from Billa Visu on 17 February 2015. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 72:26-73:9.

Billa Visu told the accused to pass $7,400 to the courier. On 18 February
2015, after receiving a call from Billa Visu at about 10 am, the accused
proceeded to the basement carpark of the Siglap V Condominium and received a
white plastic bag, which he saw contained two black bundles and two
transparent packets of heroin. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ASOF, at paras 25-26.

21 As the courier had previously expressed concerns with the time it took to
count small notes in public, the accused on this occasion passed the courier
$7,400 in denominations of seven $1,000 notes and four $100 notes. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ASOF, at para 26.

22 Once he received the heroin, the accused proceeded to his bedroom and
removed the black tape binding the two black bundles of heroin. Each wrapped
bundle contained one packet of heroin. The accused placed the four packets of
heroin (exhibits E1, E2, E3, and E4) in the bottom drawer of his computer
table. On analysis, the four packets of heroin from the second shipment were
found to contain a net weight of 27.61 g of diamorphine (“the 27.61 g of
diamorphine”). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ASOF, at para 27; HSA certificates under s 16 of the MDA, issued by Merula
Mangudi, dated 3 June 2015, bearing Lab Nos. ID-1532-00333-022,
ID-1532-00333-023, ID-00333-024, and ID-1532-00333-025, 1AB 99-102.

The elements of the charge

23 The Prosecution was required to prove beyond a reasonable doubt the
following elements (see Raman Selvam s/o Renganathan v Public Prosecutor
[2004] 1 SLR(R) 550 at [35]):

(a) Possession or custody of the controlled drug;

(b) Knowledge of the nature of the controlled drug;

(c) That the possession was for the purpose of trafficking; and

(d) An absence of authorisation under the MDA.

24 There was no dispute that the accused had been in possession of all the
drug exhibits listed at [11] above. It was also the accused’s testimony that
he knew these exhibits contained heroin. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 73:1-18.

He further acknowledged that he was not authorised under the MDA or its
Regulations to possess or traffic in the diamorphine. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ASOF, at para 29.

The Prosecution’s case

25 The Prosecution sought to persuade me that the evidence demonstrated that
the accused possessed all 36.42 g of the diamorphine for the purposes of
trafficking. In addition, they relied on the presumption under s 17 of the
MDA. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Prosecution’s Opening Address, dated 23 March 2018, at para 6.

In other words, it fell on the accused to prove on a balance of probabilities
that he had not possessed the 36.42 g of diamorphine for the purposes of
trafficking.

The Defence’s case

26 The Defence ran two alternative defences, both of which were premised on
the alleged mental disorders suffered by the accused at the material time.
Specifically, it was asserted that the accused was suffering from Substance-
Induced Depressive Disorder (“SIDD”) and Substance-Induced Psychotic Disorder
(“SIPD”).

27 The first alternative defence was that the accused’s mental disorders so
substantially impaired his mental functions as to negate his intention to
possess the entire 36.42 g of diamorphine. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

DCS, at paras 33.b, 38.b, and 54.

In their closing submissions, the Defence clarified that this was a plea of
unsoundness of mind, making specific reference to s 251 of the CPC. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DCS, at paras 57-58.

This was a plea that at the time of the alleged offence, the accused was
incapable of knowing the nature of his actions, or incapable of apprehending
that his actions were either wrong, or contrary to the law.

28 The second alternative defence was that the accused was experiencing
auditory hallucinations in February 2015, among which was a “command
hallucination” 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DCS, at para 93.

on 17 February 2015 which told him to “order 2 pounds of heroin. It asked
[him] to get the heroin so that [he] could smoke [himself] to freedom.” The
accused understood this to mean he was to commit suicide by smoking the 27.61
g of diamorphine. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

The accused’s third statement, at para 17, at 2AB 551.

The accused was following this command hallucination when he purchased the
27.61 g of diamorphine. His purpose was not to traffic in the diamorphine, but
solely to “smoke [the diamorphine] to freedom”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DCS, at para 86.

The Defence further submitted that, as the accused was suffering from SIPD and
SIDD, these mental disorders sapped his ability to resist the command
hallucination. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

DCS, at paras 58, 91 and 93-94.

The evidence relied upon by the Defence

29 The Defence submitted that:

(a) The accused’s testimony and conduct was consistent with his claim that “he
was affected by the voice telling him to do certain things [and he] could not
resist the command hallucination which told him to buy a large quantity of
heroin and to smoke it to kill himself”; 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DCS, at para 56.

(b) The observations of the accused’s family members prior to the arrest and
of IO Shafiq immediately after the arrest corroborated symptoms that the
accused was hearing hallucinations and/or exhibiting symptoms of SIDD and
SIPD; and

(c) The diagnoses of the psychiatrists should be seen as supporting a finding
that the accused was experiencing command hallucinations, and suffering from
SIDD and SIPD.

The accused’s account of what he was hearing at the time of the alleged
offence

30 The accused testified that he was a frequent user of methamphetamine,
diamorphine, “ecstasy” (a street name for 3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine
(MDMA)) and “ganja” (a street name for cannabis). 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 70:17.

The accused started hearing voices in 1999 and claimed he usually heard voices
after smoking methamphetamine. The accused claimed the “voice” called himself
“Ah Wah”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 72:2-10.

31 Immediately after he was released on bail in September 2014 the accused was
not hearing voices, nor was he on drugs. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 82:3, 8-10, 14-16.

However, when he was staying with his brother, Mr Calvin Choo (“Calvin”), he
began drinking alcohol on a daily basis. The accused was unsure, but “thought”
he begun to hear voices telling him to consume drugs. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 82:5-16.

32 In the fortnight prior to his arrest, the first time the accused heard the
“voice” again was on 15 February 2015. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 72:13-18.

The accused’s third statement suggests that this would have been after he
received the first shipment of the 8.81 g of diamorphine. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

The accused’s third statement, at paras 14-16, at 2AB 549-550.

In his testimony, the accused admitted that when he bought the 8.81 g of
diamorphine – he did not clarify whether this was when he placed the order (on
14 or 15 February 2015) or when he received the delivery (on 15 or 16 February
2015) – he nevertheless still intended that at least part of the diamorphine
would be meant for the purposes of resale. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 91:10-22.

33 The accused claimed that on 15 February 2015 the “voice” told him to stop
selling drugs and to renew his relationship with his brother, Calvin, and his
son, Ryan Choo (“Ryan”). 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 72:21-25.

The accused agreed with the “voice”, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

The accused’s third statement, at paras 16-17, at 2AB 550-551.

and claimed he no longer wished to sell drugs after hearing the “voice”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 91:17-18.

34 On 17 February 2015, the accused heard the “voice” again. It told him to
buy two pounds of heroin to smoke himself to freedom. He understood this to
mean he was to smoke himself to death on the two pounds of heroin. He claimed
he “listen[ed] to the voice, then [he] call[ed his] supplier in Malaysia and
ask[ed] for 2 pound[s].” 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 72:31-73:8.

According to the accused, he “just follow[ed] the instruction” and it was
“just like [he had] become [an] automatic man”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 117:13-19.

35 On the morning of 18 February 2015, the accused collected the two pounds of
heroin containing 27.61 g of diamorphine and placed it in the bottom drawer of
his computer table. He then proceeded to a Chinese New Year reunion lunch
(“the reunion lunch”) with Calvin and Ryan. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 73:21-22.

When the accused returned to his apartment, he continued to smoke “ice” and
heroin. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 75:14-15.

36 During this time (the evening of 18 February 2015), 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

The accused left Calvin’s house at around 5:00 pm on 18 February 2015: see the
accused’s fourth statement, at para 22, at 2AB 554.

the accused heard the “voice” telling him that he “cannot make it” and he
“should go and die”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 75:2-11.

The accused interpreted these as discouragements from the “voice” in relation
to his intentions to start life afresh after he served his sentence for the
pending trafficking charge (at [15] above). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

The accused’s fourth statement, at paras 24-25, at 2AB 556-557.

The accused claimed he “sometime[s]” argued with the voice, but it continued
to “pester” him. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 75:2-6.

37 After hearing the “voice” on this third occasion, the accused claimed he
intended to kill himself by consuming the two pounds of heroin. However, he
was unable to do so because Jerry interrupted him with requests to go to
dinner. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 75:24-30; the accused’s fourth statement, at para 25, at
2AB 557.

He claimed he acceded to Jerry’s request to go to dinner, and decided he would
kill himself after the Chinese New Year (which fell on 19 February 2015). 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 75:29-30.

38 The accused claimed that the $10,000 discovered on him when he was arrested
was a “parting gift” to Calvin, which he intended to give to Calvin after the
dinner with Jerry, for Calvin to invest for Ryan’s benefit. He admitted that
Calvin was unaware of this parting gift. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

The accused’s fourth statement, at para 25, at 2AB 558.

Nevertheless, the accused claimed that he had made such preparations as he was
“thinking of dying already”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 76:3-8, 77:7-9.

39 The Defence suggested that the above (at [30]-[38]) demonstrated that the
accused was “affected by the voice telling him to do certain things” and
unable to resist the command hallucination which told him to purchase the two
pounds of heroin, and to smoke it to kill himself. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DCS, at paras 9.b, 9.c, and 56.

From the moment he received the 27.61 g of diamorphine to his arrest, he had
not deviated from his intention to commit suicide by overdosing on the
diamorphine. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DCS, at para 6.e.

The expert opinions of the psychiatrists, Dr Winslow and Dr Ung

40 The Defence submitted that the accused was experiencing hallucinations
(specifically command hallucinations), and suffering from SIPD and SIDD. It
would be useful to set out some of the features of these three mental
conditions:

(a) A command hallucination was an auditory hallucination commanding the
patient to do something; 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 96:18-21.

(b) Where a patient was diagnosed as genuinely experiencing auditory
hallucinations, these would themselves constitute a symptom of SIPD. As a key
symptom of SIPD is either delusions or hallucinations, in the absence of
evidence of delusions (as in the present case), a finding that the accused was
experiencing hallucinations was in fact necessary for a diagnosis of SIPD; 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NE, 28 March 2018, Dr Winslow’s evidence at 8:12-16; Dr Ung’s evidence at
91:28-30; and Dr Gupta’s evidence at 29 March 2018, 59:1-3.

(c) SIDD was also relevant because command hallucinations tended to be “mood-
congruent”. A patient who was depressed would hear command hallucinations
telling him to kill himself; 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NE, 28 March 2018, Dr Winslow’s evidence at 12:23-29, 13:9-10; Dr Gupta’s
evidence at 29 March 2018, 17:30-32.

and

(d) The presence of these mental disorders (both SIPD and SIDD) would affect
the patient’s ability to resist a command hallucination. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NE, 28 March 2018, Dr Winslow’s evidence at 4:22-27, Dr Ung’s evidence at
112:17-113:7; and Dr Gupta’s evidence at 29 March 2018, 18:7-10.

41 The Defence relied on the diagnosis by Dr Munidasa Winslow that the accused
was experiencing command hallucinations and suffering from SIDD and SIPD at
the material time. Dr Winslow interviewed the accused on 17 February and 17
March 2017. He issued a first report on 19 June 2017. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Dr Winslow’s report, dated 19 June 2017, at 2AB 707-717.

He amended his report on 26 March 2018 (“Dr Winslow’s amended report”) to
reflect a change in diagnosis from Major Depressive Disorder to SIDD. Dr
Winslow elaborated on his diagnosis in his amended report as such: 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 2:14-3:6; Dr Winslow’s amended report, at paras 20-21, at
Exhibit D2.

20 [The accused] was suffering from an abnormality of mind at the material
time. Namely he was suffering from Substance-Induced Psychotic Disorder with
Stimulant Use Disorder (Methamphetamine) of a severe nature, as well as
Substance-Induced Depressive Disorder, with Stimulant Use Disorder (Opioid) of
a severe nature. He was also suffering from Cannabis Use Disorder, and Other
Hallucinogen Use Disorder, both of a severe nature. [The accused’s]
abnormality of mind arose from the mental illnesses listed.

21 The mental illnesses listed would have substantially impaired his mental
responsibility for his acts as they caused significant impairment to his
cognitive, emotional, physical, and social functioning. [The accused’s]
ability to form rational judgment, engage in higher-level consequential
thinking, and make logical decisions at the material time would have been
impaired by his mental illnesses. [The accused’s] ability to resist the
command hallucinations (to buy a large amount of heroin in order to overdose
in an attempted suicide) would have been extremely limited considering the
constellation of mental conditions and the level of impairment he was
[labouring] under.

42 The Defence also relied upon a diagnosis by the Prosecution’s rebuttal
expert witness, Dr Ung Eng Khean. Following the accused’s complaint of hearing
voices, 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Dr Ung’s first report, dated 11 April 2017, at para 2, at 1AB 145-6.

Dr Ung examined the accused on 26 February 2015, and would have been the first
psychiatrist to do so after the accused’s arrest. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DCS, at para 45.

43 Upon IO Shafiq’s request, Dr Ung issued a report on 11 April 2017 (“Dr
Ung’s first report”) detailing his examination on 26 February 2015. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

1AB 145-6-7.

The Defence relied on Dr Ung’s first report, 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defence’s Reply Submissions (“DRS”), dated 7 May 2018, at p 8 (at item 11).

which stated that on 26 February 2015, he had prescribed Risperidone, an anti-
psychotic medication. Dr Ung had also made a “provisional diagnosis” of an
“unspecified nonorganic psychosis”. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Dr Ung’s first report, at para 5, at 1AB 145-6.

44 On the stand, Dr Ung stated that assuming the accused was truthful, he
would consider the accused as having heard hallucinations, 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 127:29-128:3.

though he doubted these were command hallucinations. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 105:19.

45 At the Prosecution’s request, Dr Ung wrote a report on 10 July 2017 (“Dr
Ung’s second report”) commenting on Dr Winslow’s first report (at [41] above).
Dr Ung’s diagnosis was that the accused’s symptoms may have arisen secondary
to SIDD or SIPD. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Dr Ung’s second report, at para 19, at 1AB 145-10; NE, 28 March 2018,
105:7-15.

46 The Defence also referred to the accused’s psychiatric history for support.
The accused’s records at the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”) were extracted
by the Prosecution’s other rebuttal expert witness, Dr Subash Gupta, then a
consultant working at the IMH. Dr Gupta assessed the accused on 20, 24, and 27
March 2015. Dr Gupta’s report showed the accused had at least two prior
diagnoses of drug induced psychosis:

(a) From 24 August 1999 to 21 September 1999, the accused was admitted
pursuant to a remand for theft and drug consumption charges. The accused was
treated by Dr Winslow, who was with the IMH at that time. The accused was
diagnosed with drug induced psychosis; 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NE, 29 March 2018, 8:9, 21-24.

(b) For a day in November 1999, the accused was admitted with complaints of
hearing voices. The accused was due in court the next day, presumably for a
criminal matter. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE, 29 March 2018, 8:25-30.

The diagnosis on the cover page of the IMH notes for that admission was
written as “? Psychosis”. Dr Gupta interpreted this as suggesting that the
finding “was not made with confidence” and “there was a doubt whether the
diagnosis was psychosis or not”. The accused was treated with Risperidone
then; 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE, 29 March 2018, 8:13-17; Dr Gupta’s report, dated 30 March 2015, at para 9,
at 1AB 142-145-5.

and

(c) On 13 May 2013, the accused was admitted for assessment at the IMH after
he was arrested on a drug trafficking charge. The accused’s record mentioned
that he complained of hearing voices when consuming “ice” and heroin. He was
diagnosed with drug-induced psychosis then. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Dr Gupta’s report, at para 9, at 1AB 143; NE, 29 March 2018, 55:29-32.

Corroborative observations by Calvin, Ryan and IO Shafiq

47 The Defence relied on the testimony of the accused’s brother, Calvin and
the accused’s son, Ryan. I pause to note that Calvin and Ryan were both
interviewed on 31 March 2017 by Dr Winslow as corroborative sources. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Dr Winslow’s report, at paras 1.11 and 1.12, at 2AB 709.

Dr Gupta interviewed Calvin in March 2015. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Dr Gupta’s report, at para 3, at 2AB 142.

Dr Ung did not interview the accused’s family members, but relied on
information obtained by Dr Winslow from Calvin and Ryan, which was recorded in
Dr Winslow’s first report. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Dr Ung’s second report, at paras 8-9, at 2AB 145-9.

48 Calvin’s testified that the accused stayed with him for several weeks after
he was released on bail in September 2014. During this time, Calvin “noticed
on several occasions that [the accused] would stand on the balcony at night
and mumble and talk to himself.” 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Calvin’s conditioned statement, at paras 2-3, at 2AB 705.

Similarly, Ryan testified that after the reunion lunch, the accused “kept
mumbling to himself.” 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Ryan’s conditioned statement, at para 4, at 2AB 706; NE, 27 March 2018,
146:8-24.

In this regard, Dr Ung accepted that this corroborative information “would be
in keeping with some form of psychosis such as hearing voices”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 122:6-9.

49 It was Calvin and Ryan’s evidence that the accused displayed symptoms such
as weight loss, 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Calvin’s conditioned statement, at para 7, at 2AB 705; Ryan’s conditioned
statement, at para 3, at 2AB 706.

and looking frail and tired. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Ryan’s conditioned statement, at paras 2-3, at 2AB 706.

Dr Winslow stated that such symptoms may suggest the accused had poor self-
care and was consonant with depressive or psychotic symptoms. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 67:23-24, 81:24-82:2.

However, both Dr Winslow and Dr Ung accepted that the weight loss and the
tiredness could be due to consumption of methamphetamine 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Dr Winslow’s evidence at NE, 28 March 2018, 8:27-31, 67:17-19; and Dr Ung’s
evidence at NE, 28 March 2018, 119:11-31.

and not necessarily due to the mental disorders.

50 The Defence relied on IO Shafiq’s report under s 247(1) of the CPC, which
was a report made when an accused was suspected to be of unsound mind. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DCS, at para 11(d).

IO Shafiq’s report on 16 March 2015 stated that in the course of
investigations, the accused had claimed to be influenced by an auditory
hallucination to purchase a large quantity of heroin, and to consume the
heroin for the purposes of committing suicide. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Annex A, at Exhibit D4.

The Prosecution’s responses

51 To refute the Defence’s case(s), the Prosecution’s submissions were:

(a) The accused’s evidence on the command hallucinations was both internally
and externally inconsistent and should not be believed;

(b) Calvin, Ryan, and IO Shafiq’s evidence did not support the accused’s claim
of hearing voices, or a diagnosis of mental disorders;

(c) The accused’s account of the voices did not lead to a diagnosis of
hallucinations. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions (“PCS), dated 30 April 2018, at paras 76-77.

Even if he was hearing hallucinations, these were not of clinical
significance, nor were they command hallucinations; 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

PCS, at paras 91-92.

(d) Even if the accused was hearing voices, he would not qualify under the
other diagnostic criteria for a finding of SIPD or SIDD; 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

PCS, at paras 12 and 74.

and

(e) Dr Gupta’s assessment and diagnosis of the accused did not have the
limitations as Dr Winslow and Dr Ung’s approaches did. Dr Gupta’s diagnosis
that the accused did not experience hallucinations and was not suffering from
SIDD or SIPD should be preferred over Dr Winslow and Dr Ung’s diagnoses.

Issues for determination

52 The following issues arose for determination:

(a) Was the accused experiencing hallucinations?

(b) Was the accused suffering from mental disorders such as SIPD or SIDD?

(c) Was the accused of unsound mind?

(d) Was the accused labouring under command hallucinations at the material
time?

(e) Assuming that the accused was subject to a command hallucination, was his
possession of the 27.61 g of diamorphine in compliance with the alleged
command hallucination?

(f) Whether the accused was eligible for the alternative sentencing regime
under s 33B(2) of the MDA?

My findings

53 It would be useful for me to determine whether the accused was suffering
from any mental disorders before considering the accused’s substantive
defences. The existence of SIDD and/or SIPD would determine if there was any
basis for the first alternative defence of unsoundness of mind. It would also
form the relevant background for evaluating the second alternative defence
that the accused had purchased and possessed the 27.61 g of diamorphine
because he was doing so in compliance with a command hallucination.

54 Apart from the diagnoses, the existence of such mental disorders may also
inform the court as to the veracity of the accused’s factual assertions as to
whether he was hearing “voices” and whether his ability to resist acting on
the instructions of these “voices” was affected.

55 Further, as the presence of hallucinations is a key symptom of SIPD, I will
first consider the evidence concerning the accused’s claim to have experienced
hallucinations before turning to consider the remaining evidence concerning
whether the accused was suffering from SIPD and/or SIDD.

The accused was probably hearing voices, but these did not amount to
hallucinations

The accused was more likely than not hearing voices

(1) No adverse inference for failure to mention voices in first statement

56 I was prepared to accept that it was probable that the accused did hear a
“voice” in his head from time to time. In this regard, the Prosecution had
suggested that the accused’s failure to mention that he was hearing voices in
his first statement on 22 February 2015 meant that any account of “voices”
that appeared in his later recorded statements were afterthoughts. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

PCS, at para 16.

While I accepted that the accused’s first statement did not strictly mention
“voices”, I note that the cautioned statement nevertheless included such
details as the accused claiming that the drugs were “meant for [his] own
consumption because [he had] a tendency of committing suicide through those
drugs” and that he was “suffering from schizophrenia”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

The accused’s first statement, at 2AB 539.

57 On balance, I did not think it necessary to draw an adverse inference.
Although the first statement left out a specific detail, it was not quite a
complete omission: see Public Prosecutor v Saridewi bte Djamani and another
[2018] SGHC 204 at [60]. I gave the accused the benefit of the doubt that
certain aspects of his defence was somewhat encapsulated in the allegations of
“committing suicide” and “schizophrenia”: see Yap Giau Beng Terence v Public
Prosecutor [1998] 2 SLR(R) 855 at [38].

58 In any event, there was some degree of contemporaneity as the accused did
complain about hearing voices soon after his first statement was recorded. I
note that Investigation Officer Ranjeet Ram Behari’s letter to the Prisons
Complex Medical Centre on 25 February 2015 stated that the accused “claimed
that he was hearing voices and claims not to be mentally stable as he has not
been consuming his psychiatric medications for the past few months prior to
his arrest.” 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Exhibit D7.

(2) The testimony of the accused’s family members was corroborative

59 I was also prepared to accept Calvin and Ryan’s testimony that the accused
was seen at times mumbling to himself. While I take the Prosecution’s point
that Calvin did not tell Dr Gupta this detail, 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

PCS, at para 36.

Calvin was nevertheless candid in testifying that he did not observe the
accused muttering to himself during the reunion lunch. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 136:17-18.

That said, Calvin’s observation that the accused was muttering to himself was
made in September 2014 and thus may be of limited relevance to an evaluation
of what the accused’s condition was in February 2015 (the time of the alleged
offence). 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

PCS, at para 36.

60 In this regard, I found Ryan’s evidence more relevant. Although the
Prosecution pointed out that Dr Winslow and Dr Gupta had stated that a person
talking to himself could simply be that, and nothing more, 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE, 28 March 2018, Dr Winslow’s evidence at 62:13-16, Dr Gupta’s evidence at
29 March 2018, 79:26-28.

Ryan had stated: 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 148:18-23.

“Q: Okay. So you don’t know what he’s saying under his breath?

A: No, no, no.

Q: He could well be just talking to himself or verbalising his thoughts,
right? You wouldn’t know?

A: I don’t---I wouldn’t say that he’s collecting his thoughts as he---he
seemed really high at that point. So, I’m not so sure he was thinking about
anything.”

61 Admittedly, Ryan’s testimony was not conclusive. While he testified that
the accused looked too high to be able to think, he also failed to directly
answer the Prosecution’s question on whether the accused was merely simply
taking to himself. On balance, given Calvin’s and Ryan’s observations, I was
not prepared to conclude that the accused’s account of hearing “voices” was a
complete fabrication.

The voices the accused was hearing would not amount to hallucinations

62 Even though I accepted the accused could have been hearing voices, this did
not necessarily mean his symptoms met a diagnosis of hallucinations at the
material time. The following psychiatric evidence was relevant:

(a) The Prosecution relied on the opinion of Dr Gupta, who testified that the
accused was not experiencing hallucinations. In his view, the “voices” the
accused was hearing might only amount to “mental imagery” (ie, the accused’s
inner thoughts). 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE, 29 March 2018, 16:1-14.

(b) Conversely, Dr Winslow was of the opinion that the accused was
experiencing hallucinations, and in his report and testimony specifically
identified these as command hallucinations. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 58:4, 13-21, 60:1-4, 17-22; Dr Winslow’s amended report, at
para 21, at Exhibit D2.

(c) Dr Ung stated that if the accused perceived the voice as coming from his
internal space or had some awareness that the voice was imaginary, then these
would technically be “pseudo-hallucinations” rather than “true
hallucinations”. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 120:13-19.

Dr Ung opined that “pseudo-hallucinations [were] still a significant symptom
to point…towards some form of mental disorder.” 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 121-10-11.

For completeness, Dr Gupta disagreed on this front. His view was that “pseudo-
hallucinations” were not hallucinations. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NE, 29 March 2018, 59:30-32

63 I was faced with conflicting psychiatric opinions. In approaching such
evidence, the principles articulated by V K Rajah JA in Sakthivel Punithavathi
v Public Prosecutor [2007] 2 SLR(R) 983 at [76] were pertinent:

…Evidence must invariably be sifted, weighed and evaluated in the context of
the factual matrix and in particular, the objective facts. An expert’s opinion
“should not fly in the face of proven extrinsic facts relevant to the matter”
per Yong Pung How CJ in Khoo James v Gunapathy d/o Muniandy [2002] 2 SLR(R)
414 at [65]…Content credibility, evidence of partiality, coherence and a need
to analyse the evidence in the context of established facts remain vital
considerations…

64 Simply put, the court should scrutinise an expert’s methodology and the
objective facts they had based their opinion upon: see Singapore Finance Ltd v
Lim Kah Ngam (S’pore) Pte Ltd (Eugene HL Chan Associates, third party)
[1983-1984] SLR(R) 403 at [33].

65 Although the experts had arrived at different conclusions, there was
largely common ground on what a diagnosis of hallucinations should contain:

(a) According to Dr Gupta, hallucinations were false sensory perceptions and
would be perceived as being located in the objective space (ie, a voice that
was heard as coming from outside of one’s head). Hallucinations were not
subject to conscious manipulation, and could not be readily controlled or
easily dismissed. Significant to a diagnosis would be whether the patient
lacked insight into the imaginary nature of the voice, and how much control
the patient had over the voice. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE, 29 March 2018, 13:22-28, 14:2-18, 16:22-25.

Any one criterion would not in itself lead to a diagnosis for or against
hallucinations, but a combination of the criteria had to be considered; 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE, 29 March 2018, 16:19-22.

(b) Dr Winslow agreed that psychiatrists would “usually try to differentiate
voices in the objective space” as opposed to the subjective space (ie, a voice
that was heard inside of one’s head). 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 19:8-11.

However, he did not fully engage with this distinction. Instead, he stated
that what was important was what the patient believed about the voice, whether
they took it seriously, and whether they could ignore it at any time; 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 19:28-32.

and

(c) Dr Ung concurred that a “true” auditory hallucination would be a voice
which was perceived by the patient as coming from the objective space and in
respect of which the patient had no insight that the voice was imaginary. If a
patient perceived the voice in his internal space or he had insight that the
voice may not be real, then he would be diagnosed with “pseudo-
hallucinations”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 120:10-26.

66 It was clear from the totality of the psychiatric evidence that two
relevant features in diagnosing a hallucination would be whether a patient
perceived the voices in the objective or subjective space, and whether a
patient had insight that the voices were imaginary.

67 In the present case, I was of the view that even if the accused was hearing
voices at the material time, the voices would have been perceived in the
subjective space. I was also of the view that the accused had insight into the
nature of the voices. Hence, proceeding along the common ground outlined
above, I found that there was insufficient basis to support a diagnosis of
hallucinations.

(1) Any voices heard by the accused was perceived in the subjective space

68 I find it significant that the accused consistently maintained in his
recorded statements to IO Shafiq (in March 2015) that the voice was from
“inside” his head. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 88:18-23, 99:12-15.

When examined by Dr Gupta (in March 2015), the accused also told him that the
voice was heard in the subjective space. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 86:21-87:5.

69 It seemed to me that the first time the accused had mentioned the voice as
being heard from outside his head was only two years later, to Dr Winslow (in
February and March 2017). 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 53:3-16.

Given these inconsistencies, I accepted the Prosecution’s submission that the
accused was tailoring his account of the “voice” to adopt features that would
make it seem as though he had been experiencing hallucinations. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

PCS, at para 23.

70 I should mention that Dr Ung had testified that: 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 127:23-28.

Q: …So are you able to tell that when [the accused] told you that he’s hearing
voices, that it’s pseudo-hallucination or it’s real hallucination?

A: From---from the way he describe it to me at that time, it sounded like a
true hallucination. He was hearing it from external space of, you know,
somebody---a voice speaking to him.

71 However, an examination of the documentary evidence does not reveal that
the accused had told Dr Ung that he was hearing the voice from the “external
space”. Dr Ung’s clinical notes of the only occasion he examined the accused
(on 26 February 2015) simply recorded that the accused “[complained of] male
voice – one voice – abusing me – ‘people harm me and back stab me’”. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Exhibit D7; NE, 28 March 2018, 91:24-26.

72 In his first report issued on 11 April 2017, Dr Ung recounted exactly the
same details as he had recorded during the examination on 26 February 2015.
His second report issued on 10 July 2017 did not contain any further details
about what the accused had told him about the “voice” during the examination.
It would therefore appear that Dr Ung was not actually told by the accused
that he had heard the voice in the objective space. Instead, what I gathered
from Dr Ung’s testimony (at [70] above) was simply that he had formed the
impression that the accused was hearing the voice from the “external space”
because the accused had reported that “somebody---a voice” was speaking to
him.

73 This was confirmed by the accused’s repeated concessions on the stand.
Under cross-examination, he admitted there was no inaccuracy in the recorded
statements by IO Shafiq, or in the assessment by Dr Gupta, and that he had in
fact told them he had heard the voice inside his head. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 87:1-5.

74 I also found the accused’s explanation for why he had told IO Shafiq and Dr
Gupta that he heard the voice from inside his head revealing: 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 87:1-12, 89:13-18.

Q: So how is it that Dr Gupta end up recording from you that you said that the
voices are from inside your head?

A: Because I told him that the voices I heard inside---inside my head. But
actually it’s from outside. I never tell him it’s from outside. I just told
him that it’s inside my head.

…

A: Just like we are talking, okay.

Q: Yes.

A: You tell me something, I listen from you outside. But it comes to my mind
to think of what you’re talking. It’s inside my head.

…

Q: Okay. And did you tell him that you---did you tell him that those voices
are actually your thoughts that time?

A: No.

Q: So you are saying that Dr Gupta put these things in even though you didn’t
tell him that?

A: Maybe I describe the voice like thoughts, but it’s not my thoughts.

[Emphases added.]

75 The accused’s explanation for why he told Dr Gupta that he heard the
“voice” in the subjective space was that anything he heard in the objective
space would have to be mentally processed by him, and this mental processing
would turn the things he had heard in the objective space into thoughts inside
his head. This explanation was disingenuous. If we went along with the logic
of this explanation, every conversation which the accused had with a real
person should also be described by him as voices in his head.

(2) The accused possessed insight into the nature of the voices

76 Dr Gupta confirmed that his detailed discussions with the accused showed
that, most of the time, the accused retained insight that the “voices” were
not real phenomena. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NE, 29 March 2018, 16:22-17:5.

This meant that, irrespective of whether the accused was hearing voices in the
subjective or objective space, the accused was at best only experiencing
“pseudo-hallucinations”.

77 In the round, I accepted Dr Gupta’s assessment that two of the most
important factors in deciding whether or not someone was experiencing a
hallucination had not been met. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE, 29 March 2018, 68:6-12.

(3) Limitations in Dr Winslow and Dr Ung’s approaches

78 The methodology of the experts was an additional factor that I had
considered in my findings on the existence of hallucinations. In essence, the
accuracy of any diagnosis depended upon the truthfulness of the accused’s
account of his symptoms. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NE, 28 March 2018, Dr Winslow’s evidence at 43:30-32, and Dr Ung’s evidence at
105:1-3.

The experts were in agreement that where there may be inconsistency, it was
necessary to look to alternative sources of information and to ask detailed
questions to elicit a fuller picture of the patient’s symptoms. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NE, 28 March 2018, Dr Winslow’s evidence at 44:3-20, and Dr Gupta’s evidence
at 29 March 2018, 13:31-14:4.

79 In my view, Dr Winslow had not adequately verified the accused’s account of
his symptoms. For example, despite having access to Dr Gupta’s observation
that the voice was perceived subjectively, Dr Winslow did not question the
accused when he was told that the voice was perceived objectively. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 47:8-10, 54:2-6.

Dr Winslow also did not elicit further details about whether the accused
thought the voices were imaginary or real, 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 46:24-27.

or about the accused’s inconsistent accounts about whether he had control over
the “voice”. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 57:2-32.

80 I did not think this was a sufficiently rigorous assessment. This was
especially since Dr Winslow acknowledged that these inconsistent symptoms were
relevant to a diagnosis of hallucinations. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NE, 28 March 2018, on insight at 47:17-19, on subjective space at 50:3-11, on
control at 57:25-32.

I was not persuaded by Dr Winslow’s explanation that it was not realistic to
expect drug addicts to provide consistent or truthful answers all the time.
125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 58:6-12.

I would have expected that given the relevance of the symptoms, it would have
been all the more necessary for Dr Winslow to ascertain which symptoms the
accused was actually evincing in order to arrive at an accurate diagnosis.

81 Dr Ung examined the accused as a treating prison psychiatrist. As Dr Ung
explained on the stand, his role at the time was to treat the patient and not
to conduct a forensic assessment. Thus, even though there were no objective
symptoms, he went ahead and prescribed Risperidone, an anti-psychotic drug, to
the accused solely on the strength of the accused’s subjective complaint. As a
treating psychiatrist, he would give the patient the benefit of the doubt as
there was a greater danger of not treating an actual psychosis than to have
given anti-psychotic drugs to someone who had no psychosis. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 92:3-31.

In my view, any diagnosis or assessment made in such circumstances would
naturally carry less weight than a diagnosis made after a forensic assessment
of the type carried out by Dr Gupta.

82 As for Dr Ung’s second report, he depended on both his initial assessment
and the veracity of the facts as related to Dr Winslow. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 94:24-30.

Any mendacity on the part of the accused to Dr Winslow would similarly have
affected the validity of Dr Ung’s diagnosis. In any event, I had doubts
regarding the accused’s internally inconsistent (at [68]-[69] above) and
externally inconsistent (at [131]-[140] below) accounts.

83 In contrast, Dr Gupta’s assessment started with open-ended, general
questions, which were progressively narrowed down to clarify any missing
information. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NE, 29 March 2018, 64:15-20.

In doing so, Dr Gupta managed to elicit further details about the accused’s
symptoms where necessary. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NE, 29 March 2018, 81:3-7.

In my view, such an approach was more helpful in presenting a more complete
and careful picture to the court of the bases upon which a psychiatrist had
arrived at his diagnoses.

84 I also note that given that Dr Winslow had assessed the accused only two
years after the offence, his assessment was relatively disadvantaged. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

PCS, at para 56.

This was a factor outside of Dr Winslow’s control, but nevertheless the
passage of time may mean that a patient’s memory would no longer be accurate.
131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NE, 29 March 2018, 22:13-16.

The accused was not suffering from SIPD or SIDD at the material time

85 I preface my observations by stating that the Diagnostic and Statistical
Manual of Mental Disorders’ (American Psychiatric Press, 5th Ed, 2013)
(“DSM-V”) criteria for diagnosing SIDD and SIPD was a common basis adopted
during the trial. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

PCS, at para 71.

The psychiatrists had either assessed the accused, 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Dr Winslow’s evidence, at NE, 28 March 2018, 45:1-4, 82:12-20.

or given their expert opinion on the stand with reference to these criteria.
134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Dr Gupta’s evidence, at NE, 29 March 2018, 17:9-13, 19:19-20:7, 35:7-10.

86 Under the DSM-V, the following criteria had to be cumulatively met for a
diagnosis of SIPD:

A. Presence of one or both of the following symptoms:

1\. Delusions.

2\. Hallucinations.

B. There is evidence from the history, physical examination, or laboratory
findings of both (1) and (2):

1\. The symptoms in Criterion A developed soon or after substance intoxication
or withdrawal or exposure to a medication.

2\. The involved substance/medication is capable of producing the symptoms in
Criterion A.

C. The disturbance is not better explained by a psychotic disorder that is not
substance/medication-induced. Such evidence of an independent psychotic
disorder could include the following:

The symptoms preceded the onset of the substance/medication use; the symptoms
persist for a substantial period of time (e.g., about 1 month) after the
cessation of acute withdrawal or severe intoxication; or there is other
evidence suggesting the existence of an independent non-substance/medication-
induced psychotic disorder (e.g., a history of recurrent non-
substance/medication-related episodes).

D. The disturbance does not occur exclusively during the course of a delirium.

E. The disturbance causes clinically significantly distress or impairment in
social, occupational, or other important areas of functioning.

Note: This diagnosis should be made instead of a diagnosis of substance
intoxication or substance withdrawal only when the symptoms in Criterion A
predominate in the clinical picture and when they are sufficiently severe to
warrant clinical attention.

87 Under the DSM-V, the following cumulative criteria had to be met for a
diagnosis of SIDD:

A. A prominent and persistent disturbance in mood that predominates in the
clinical picture and is characterized by depressed mood or markedly diminished
interest or pleasure in all, or almost all, activities.

B. There is evidence from the history, physical examination, or laboratory
findings of both (1) and (2):

1\. The symptoms in Criterion A developed soon or after substance intoxication
or withdrawal or exposure to a medication.

2\. The involved substance/medication is capable of producing the symptoms in
Criterion A.

C. The disturbance is not better explained by a depressive disorder that is
not substance/medication-induced. Such evidence of an independent depressive
disorder could include the following:

The symptoms preceded the onset of the substance/medication use; the symptoms
persist for a substantial period of time (e.g. about 1 month) after the
cessation of acute withdrawal or severe intoxication; or there is other
evidence suggesting the existence of an independent non-substance/medication-
induced depressive disorder (e.g., a history of recurrent non-
substance/medication-related episodes).

D. The disturbance does not occur exclusively during the course of a delirium.

E. The disturbance causes clinically significantly distress or impairment in
social, occupational, or other important areas of functioning.

Note: This diagnosis should be made instead of a diagnosis of substance
intoxication or substance withdrawal only when the symptoms in Criterion A
predominate in the clinical picture and when they are sufficiently severe to
warrant clinical attention.

88 I was faced with conflicting psychiatric opinions on SIPD and SIDD:

(a) Dr Winslow diagnosed the accused with SIPD and SIDD;

(b) Dr Ung was less categorical, but nevertheless thought it “probably more
likely than not” that the accused suffered from both mental disorders 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 105:13-15.

and

(c) Dr Gupta considered that the accused did not suffer from either SIPD or
SIDD. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NE, 29 March 2018, 35:2-4.

Limited relevance of the accused’s psychiatric history

89 I start by addressing the Prosecution’s submission that the accused’s
psychiatric history was a “red herring”. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

PCS, at p 31.

It was also pointed out that the accused’s prior admissions to the IMH were
when he had been brought there by the Police or the CNB. Dr Gupta suggested
the accused may have been “reporting symptoms for a possible advantage [of]
mitigation.” 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

PCS, at paras 38-39; NE, 29 March, 9:1-6.

90 I did not think the accused’s psychiatric history was completely
irrelevant. Information about a patient’s psychiatric profile and make-up
might give some indication as to a patient’s propensity and susceptibility to
mental conditions, and I agreed with Dr Ung that this might particularly be
the case for recurrent conditions. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Dr Ung’s second report, at para 20, at 1AB 145-11; NE, 28 March 2018,
95:18-25.

There was also some force in Dr Winslow’s view that consistent diagnoses by
qualified psychiatrists would be corroborative of each other. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 30:10-13.

91 Equally, Dr Gupta’s point was that a prior diagnosis was corroborative only
if there was sufficient information regarding how that particular diagnosis
had been reached. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

NE, 29 March 2018, 56:27-57:4.

In the present case, there was insufficient information in the accused’s
psychiatric history (at [46] above), to ascertain how those diagnoses were
reached. In this regard, I agreed that the probative weight of the accused’s
prior diagnoses had to be balanced against this lack of information.

92 In any case, the fundamental question to be determined remained whether the
accused was suffering a mental disorder at the material time, which would
depend on the presentation of his symptoms during this time. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

PCS, at para 73(b); NE, 29 March 2018, 58:14-17.

It is to these symptoms that I now turn.

The accused’s symptoms did not meet “Criterion A” for a diagnosis of SIPD
under the DSM-V

93 All three psychiatrists were in agreement that, in the absence of evidence
of delusions, a diagnosis of hallucinations was necessary to fulfil “Criterion
A” for a diagnosis of SIPD. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

NE, 28 March 2018, Dr Winslow’s evidence at 61:19-22, Dr Ung’s evidence at
123:13-14, Dr Gupta’s evidence at 29 March 2018, 59:1-4.

It follows from my acceptance of Dr Gupta’s view at [77] above that I should
also find that the accused had not met this criterion.

94 I note Dr Ung was of the contrary view that “pseudo-hallucinations” were
significant symptoms to point toward “some form of [a] mental disorder” 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 120:28-32, 121:10-11.

and a symptom of SIPD. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 128:7-9.

For completeness, I accepted Dr Gupta’s view that “pseudo-hallucinations” did
not contribute much by way of diagnostic significance. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

NE, 29 March 2018, 83:24-28.

95 I should add that the Prosecution alluded to Dr Gupta’s testimony that SIPD
would typically resolve at least partially within one month and fully within
six months. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Exhibit P261, NE, 29 March 2018, 21:1-5.

This is inconsistent with the accused’s claim that when he was in remand for a
prior drug trafficking charge for more than a year from May 2013 to September
2014, he was still hearing voices. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 80:30-81:9.

Since the accused should have no access to drugs while in remand, he should
not still be experiencing drug-induced hallucinations. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

PCS, at para 78(a); NE, 29 March 2018, 21:6-14.

I also note that Dr Ung had also suggested that it was common in SIPD that
upon cessation of methamphetamine consumption, the symptoms would subside
within the first two weeks. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 94:11-16.

96 The accused had also told Dr Gupta that the more methamphetamine he smoked,
the softer the voices became. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NE, 29 March 2018, 15:18-19.

Even Dr Winslow opined that this was not logical, as the more methamphetamine
one smoked, the more symptoms they should display. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

PCS, at para 79; NE, 28 March 2018, 18:16-20.

97 In my view, the discrepancies highlighted in the preceding two paragraphs
made the accused’s account of his symptoms less believable, thus further
weakening the factual basis for a diagnosis of SIPD.

The accused’s symptoms were equivocal with regard to “Criterion E” for a
diagnosis of both SIPD or SIDD under the DSM-V

98 Under the DSM-V, a diagnosis of SIDD or SIPD required a patient to fulfil
“Criterion E”:

E. The disturbance causes clinically significant distress or impairment in
social, occupational, or other important areas of functioning.

[Emphasis added.]

There are two limbs to Criterion E – “clinically significant distress” or
“clinically significant impairment”. Fulfilment of either limb would be
sufficient to fulfil Criterion E.

99 It was the Prosecution’s case that the accused’s phone records (tabulated
at [133]-[139] below) demonstrated an ability to function from 15 to 18
February 2015. Among other things, the accused sent voluminous messages and
calls, did mathematical calculations, and made appointments with various
people. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

PCS, at para 99.

There was no evidence of impairment of cognitive, emotional, physical, or
social functioning. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

PCS, at paras 100-104.

100 The Prosecution further submitted that the accused did not appear to show
clinically significant distress. Dr Gupta’s evidence was that any sleep and
appetite changes were related to drug use. Dr Gupta agreed that around the
material time, the accused’s numerous calls to his clients and supplier, the
arrangements to meet Calvin and Ryan for the reunion lunch, his concealment of
his address from Calvin after the reunion lunch to prevent Calvin from knowing
he was back to selling drugs, 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 95:5-19; 29 March 2018, 19:4-18.

and the content of the accused’s messages – to a female friend – did not
suggest that he had depressive symptoms that would warrant a diagnosis of
SIDD. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

PCS, at paras 99-105; NE, 29 March 2018, 21:24-22:2.

101 I agreed with the Prosecution that the accused’s phone messages and other
social activities showed mental acuity rather than impairment in any areas of
functioning. In particular, Dr Ung and Dr Winslow were asked to examine the
accused’s phone messages, his ability to perform mathematical calculations to
his drug client, and the fact that he had the presence of mind to ask the
client to delete the message thereafter. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

NE, 27 March 2018, the accused’s evidence on his drug client, at 105:10-24; 28
March 2018, Dr Winslow’s evidence, at 64:12-67:12; Dr Ung’s evidence, at
101:24-103:14.

Dr Ung agreed some of these activities would go against the finding that he
was severely impaired. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 103:31-32.

Dr Winslow initially insisted that the accused was cognitively impaired, but
later conceded that given the evidence of the accused’s activities, it was
“possible” that even if he was hearing voices it was not to the extent of
“significant impairment” as Dr Winslow had initially diagnosed. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 65:31; 69:3-14.

102 On the other hand, it seemed that the evidence was more equivocal on
whether the accused was significantly distressed. I did not think the
accused’s messages to his female friend thanking her for “wanting to be [his]
caring friend” and that he was feeling “so lucky and happy because of [her]”
necessarily showed that he was not distressed. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Exhibit E, at serial nos. 68, 173, 181 and 182.

The accused’s message – which was contextually a reply to her message about
his well-being and need for social company – did not unequivocally suggest
that he was actually “feeling good and was happy”. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

PCS, at para 105.

Dr Ung was also “neutral” about whether the accused was distressed. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 99:9-13, 100:15-22.

Nevertheless, while the Prosecution had not shown the accused was in a
positive mood, the burden remained on the Defence to demonstrate that the
accused was significantly distressed, which was not apparent on the evidence.

103 Given my finding that there was no significant impairment of the accused’s
social, occupational or other important areas of functioning and given my view
that the evidence was equivocal as to whether the accused was significantly
distressed, it is my conclusion that the Defence has failed to prove on the
balance of probabilities that “Criterion E” was fulfilled. For completeness, I
should add that, even if I were to give the accused the benefit of the doubt
on “Criterion E”, his overall symptoms would still not have satisfied the
criteria for SIPD or SIDD as the accused’s symptoms did not fulfil Criterion A
for SIPD and the Note for SIPD and SIDD (see below).

The accused’s symptoms did not fulfil the “Note” for a diagnosis of SIPD or
SIDD under the DSM-V

104 The Prosecution relied on Dr Gupta’s opinion that under the “Note” to the
DSM-V, any hallucinations or depressive symptoms (“Criterion A” for both SIPD
or SIDD) had to “predominate in the clinical picture and [had to be]
sufficiently severe to warrant clinical attention” (emphasis added) apart from
any drug dependence, drug intoxication, or drug withdrawal. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

PCS, at para 109, NE, 29 March 2018, 20:8-12.

105 Dr Gupta opined that even if the voices experienced by the accused were
indeed hallucinations, they did not predominate the clinical picture. Instead,
it was the accused’s heavy drug use and dependence that did. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

NE, 29 March 2018, 20:13-25.

Similarly, the accused did not display any depressive symptoms that would not
already be covered by a separate diagnosis of drug use, intoxication, or
withdrawal. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

NE, 29 March 2018, 21:19-23, 22:3-5.

106 The Prosecution also submitted that Dr Winslow’s approach should be
faulted for failing to apply the “Note” to SIPD and SIDD. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

PCS, at paras 108, 111, and 112.

The Prosecution contended that if Dr Winslow had applied the “Note”, he would
have similarly concluded that the accused only suffered – if at all – from
substance withdrawal or intoxication instead of SIPD. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

PCS, at para 111.

107 I accepted Dr Gupta’s evidence that an application of the “Note” was
necessary for a diagnosis of SIDD or SIPD to be arrived at, and further that
the accused’s clinical picture was not predominated by hallucinations or
depressive symptoms, but by his heavy drug use. In reaching this conclusion, I
note that Dr Winslow accepted that he had not directed his mind to the “Note”
when he was assessing the accused. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 70:20-24.

108 Moreover, when Dr Winslow’s attention was drawn to the “Note”, he candidly
and rightly conceded that his initial diagnosis of SIDD was a “plus-minus” and
he would have to “rethink and try [to] get more symptoms”. This was because
“the speed at which the symptoms dissipated” when he stopped his drug use made
Dr Winslow “hesitate on that [diagnosis]”. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 83:4-7, 17-19, 84:11-12.

It seemed to me that Dr Winslow’s evidence confirmed that an application of
the “Note” was necessary, and that the evidential basis for a finding of SIDD
would be shaky if it is arrived at without applying the “Note”.

109 While Dr Winslow generally appeared to maintain his diagnosis,
particularly in relation to SIPD, 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 84:19-22.

he nevertheless agreed that the accused’s clinical picture was not
predominated by hallucinations or his depressed mood, but was actually
predominated by his heavy drug use. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 78:15-21.

In the light of Dr Winslow’s concession, I am of the view that a finding of
SIPD is not sustainable.

There was no evidential or legal basis for the defence of unsoundness of mind

Absence of psychiatric evidence to support a plea of unsoundness of mind

110 Given my findings that the accused was not suffering from SIDD or SIPD,
there were no relevant mental disorders to support a finding of unsoundness of
mind. While the foregoing would be sufficient to dispose of the plea of
unsoundness of mind, I would add that the psychiatric evidence even taken at
its highest, could not sustain a finding of unsoundness of mind. Dr Gupta was
categorical in his assessment that the accused was not of unsound mind. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Dr Gupta’s report, at para 20, at 1AB 145.

Dr Ung stated that he was “not making any finding of whether [the accused] was
of unsound mind or not.” 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 121:18-23.

Dr Winslow’s report also did not diagnose the accused with unsoundness of
mind. At most, Dr Winslow’s opinion was that the accused was suffering from an
“abnormality of mind” arising from SIDD and SIPD, and these would have
“substantially impaired [the accused’s] mental responsibility for his acts…”
174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Dr Winslow’s report, at paras 20-21, at 2AB 714-715.

In my view, Dr Winslow’s diagnosis was utilising the language of diminished
responsibility going towards the sentencing discretion under s 33B(3)(b) of
the MDA. There was therefore no psychiatric evidence before me that could lead
to a conclusion of unsoundness of mind.

Conflation of the legal standard for a plea of unsoundness of mind

111 Insofar as the Defence sought to persuade me that the test for abnormality
of the mind should be applied to assess unsoundness of the mind, this appeared
to be a conflation of the standards required under the two tests. The Defence
referred to the decision in Rosman bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor [2017] 1
SLR 10, which at [57] cited Phua Han Chuan Jeffery v Public Prosecutor [2016]
3 SLR 706 (“Jeffery Phua”).

112 However, Jeffery Phua (at [16]) stood for the opposite proposition that
the Defence submitted for:

I now return to the area in which it is easy to get entangled in semantics,
and I hope to avoid the snare even as I am compelled to consider the question
of whether the applicant’s mental illness and ketamine addiction had
substantially “impaired his mental responsibility” for his act of illegally
importing controlled drugs. Mental responsibility is a broader concept than
the mental element such as knowledge or intention required to constitute the
offence. Section 33B(3)(b) is intended to cover a diverse range of
circumstances. It is not intended to create a cascade of new legal categories.
Section 33B(3)(b) does not require an inquiry into the applicant’s moral
cognisance in this case, but it is probably wide enough to apply to cases in
which abnormality of mind leads the offender to be incapable of distinguishing
right from wrong, but this is not such a case…

[Emphasis added.]

113 As the above makes clear, Choo Han Teck J in Jeffery Phua was concerned
with delineating principles applicable only to abnormality of the mind within
the meaning of s 33B(3)(b) of the MDA. I accept, as Choo J had, that in some
cases an abnormality of mind may be of such nature or degree as to also
encompass unsoundness of mind. However, this did not mean they were co-
extensive in all cases. An accused suffering from an abnormality of mind may
nevertheless possess the critical faculties to know that what he was doing was
wrong: see Public Prosecutor v Took Leng How [2005] 4 SLR(R) 472 at [63]. In
any event, what is necessary for the plea of unsoundness of mind to succeed,
even for an offence under the MDA, is that the accused was shown to have been
incapable of knowing the nature of the act he was committing, or incapable of
distinguishing right from wrong.

114 In this regard, I found that apart from the lack of psychiatric evidence,
the accused was in fact aware at the material time that what he was doing was
illegal. Indeed, the accused accepted on the stand and in the ASOF, that he
had paid the courier in large denominations because of previous concerns that
counting notes in public would take time (at [21] above). 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

The accused’s third statement, at para 18, at 2AB 551-552; NE, 27 March 2018,
94:7-13.

The inference to be drawn was that the accused was aware of the risk of
detection of an illegal activity and was therefore taking active steps to
mitigate the said risk of detection.

The accused was not labouring under any command hallucinations, and if he was
he would have had a capacity to resist them

115 The accused’s second alternative defence was that he was “follow[ing] the
instruction[s]” of the “voice” when he ordered the two pounds of heroin
containing the 27.61 g of diamorphine. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 117:16-17.

As alluded to earlier, it was also the Defence’s case (at [39] above) that
from when he received the 27.61 g of diamorphine he had not deviated in his
intention to commit suicide. Hence, the accused had possessed the heroin
throughout for the purpose of “smoking [the diamorphine] to freedom” by
overdosing on the drug. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

DCS, at para 88.

116 It followed from my earlier findings that since a diagnosis of
hallucinations had not been made out, the accused was unlikely to have
experienced a command hallucination. I had also found that the accused was not
suffering from SIDD or SIPD. While the absence of SIDD and SIPD was not
determinative as to whether the accused had heard a command hallucination, it
meant that there were no mental disorders that could have sapped the accused’s
ability to resist any purported command hallucination. These findings meant
that the accused could not have been acting under a command hallucination when
he purchased the 27.61 g of diamorphine and kept it in his possession.

117 For completeness, I would add that, even if I was wrong on the existence
of SIPD and SIDD, I would still have rejected the second alternative defence
for the following reasons:

(a) Even if the accused was experiencing hallucinations, he did not hear the
specific formulation of the command hallucination he had alleged. According to
the psychiatric evidence, this specific formulation was implausible because
command hallucinations were generally short and lacked specificity;

(b) Even if he had heard the command hallucination as alleged, the psychiatric
evidence established that the more specific the hallucination, the easier it
was to resist. Indeed, the accused himself had testified to a capacity to
resist the “voice”;

(c) The accused’s own account of the “voice” and the degree to which he was
following it was internally inconsistent; and

(d) Even if the accused was unable to resist the alleged command hallucination
when he ordered and received the 27.61 g of diamorphine, evidence of the
accused’s phone records and his conduct made it clear that he had no intention
of committing suicide.

118 Hence, under all available scenarios, at the time of his arrest, the
accused’s possession of the diamorphine could not have been for the purposes
of smoking it to commit suicide. He therefore had not displaced the
presumption under s 17 of the MDA.

The accused’s account of the voice’s instructions was implausibly detailed and
specific to be a command hallucination

119 Dr Ung considered it “highly implausible” that the accused heard the
particular formulation of command hallucination telling him to buy two pounds
of heroin and smoke himself to death. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 105:16-19.

In his report, Dr Ung explained: 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Dr Ung’s second report, at para 16, 1AB 145-10.

[The accused’s] report of voices telling him to consume such extreme amounts
of heroin is unusual in that this would also necessitate generating a large
amount of money to fund the purchase of heroin which would subsequently
require a fair amount of planning and execution (it would have been more
common to expect such command hallucinations to command one to overdose and
die on more easily available substances such as paracetamol or even sleeping
pills – there is no record that he acted in such fashion prior to arrest)…

Dr Ung further elaborated during his testimony that: 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 96:22-28

…Generally, command hallucinations tend to be brief and related to the goal at
hand. For example, commonly it would be “Go and kill yourself, just jump.”
They can overdose. Rather than the specifics, you know, to go and buy a
specific amount to take it over a specific number of days. So I find that
naturally, I mean, pretty---I’m a bit sceptical. And conveniently, you know,
the voice tells him to take an amount that would, you know, bring him below a
capital crime. I think that’s kind of even more sceptical…

120 Thus Dr Ung was sceptical of the accused’s claim to have heard a command
hallucination entailing such a high level of specificity, given that command
hallucinations tended to be brief and related to the goal at hand.

121 Dr Gupta similarly concurred that, as command hallucinations were usually
short and directed, it was unlikely that a command hallucination would have
such a degree of detail as alleged by the accused. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

NE, 29 March 2018, 17:27-18:4.

Notably, Dr Winslow did not disagree that command hallucinations were simple
and direct. Rather, he disagreed that the command hallucination alleged by the
accused was very detailed at all. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 61:7-11.

122 In my view, the alleged command hallucination was detailed and specific,
not merely as to its content, but also as to its execution. From the moment
the accused heard the command hallucination, various steps had to be taken to
bring the task to fruition (at [20]-[22] above), including placing orders with
Billa Visu, specifying quantities, taking instructions for delivery, waiting
for the delivery (and the call that delivery had arrived). This was not to
mention the accused’s ability to recall and cater for the courier’s preference
for notes in large denominations to facilitate smooth payment of the
transaction (see [21] above). Indeed, while the accused did not actually
consume any of the 27.61 g of diamorphine from the shipment, he still took
care to unbind the bundles and store them with the previous shipment of 8.81 g
of diamorphine. As a whole, the accused’s actions displayed a degree of
planning, which made it unlikely that the accused was subject to a command
hallucination. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

NE, 29 March 2018, 18:2-4.

The accused would have the ability to resist the alleged “voice”

123 I accepted Dr Ung’s evidence that “the longer [the command hallucination]
drags on, the more steps that it involves…the more likely they would…not yield
to it.” 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

NE, 28 March 2018, 97:19-26.

It followed from the discussion (at [121]-[122] above) that given the
specificity in the command and the intervening steps thereafter, the accused
would have been capable of resisting any alleged hallucination.

124 Dr Gupta was of the view that the amount of resistance may depend on such
factors as the quality of the treatment the patient was receiving, and the
mood which the patient was in. However, by definition, hallucinations were
difficult to control, manipulate or negotiate with. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

NE, 29 March 2018, 18:7-11.

In the present case, Dr Gupta’s records established that on the accused’s own
account he was capable of negotiating with the voice, and had around the time
of the alleged offence argued with it. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

NE, 29 March 2018, 18:14-16.

125 This was supported by the accused’s testimony that he was generally
capable of refusing and arguing with the demands of the “voice”. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 92:1-2.

Indeed, on the stand, the accused stated that if he disobeyed or “talk back”
to the “voice” he would “feel very bad”. However, he also accepted that he had
a choice to follow what the “voice” was saying, and he was not forced to
follow it. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 90:4-14.

126 As to the material time, Dr Gupta’s clinical notes and report indicate
that the accused was arguing with the alleged command hallucination, at least
after he received the 27.61 g of diamorphine: 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Dr Gupta’s report, at para 18, 1AB 145; NE, 29 March 2018, 9:19-26.

Prior to the index offence, allegedly he heard a ‘voice’ (which allegedly
‘came back in December 2014/January 2015) telling him to buy 2 pounds of
Heroin and to smoke till death. He bought the Heroin but then ‘told the voice
that he did not want to die and that he wants to make it up with his son’.

[Emphasis added.]

127 Even taking the accused’s account at its highest, he demonstrated a
capacity to resist any alleged hallucination that told him to continue
possessing the diamorphine for the purposes of smoking himself to death on it.
This much was plainly obvious, since despite already being in possession of
one pound of heroin, and even after receiving an additional two pounds of
heroin, there was no objective evidence that the accused actually took any
steps towards smoking himself to death. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

PCS, at para 42.

The accused’s conduct and testimony was internally and externally inconsistent
with the alleged command hallucination

The accused’s account of the “voice” heard on 15 February 2015 was internally
inconsistent

128 The accused offered varying accounts as to the voice’s effect on his
actions and motivations. It was his claim that after hearing the voice on 15
February 2015 telling him to stop selling drugs he decided he “would do what
the male voice told [him] to [do] as it was a good thing to do.” 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

The accused’s third statement, at para 17, at 2AB 551.

The accused claimed he “followed” the voice and decided to stop selling drugs
and contacting his clients. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 90:12, 27-29.

129 However, the Prosecution submitted that at various points the accused
proffered different reasons for allegedly wanting to stop trafficking. For
instance, in his sixth statement, the accused stated it was because he “found
[he] had enough money to give to [his] lawyer and son and stop all activities
and die.” 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

The accused’s sixth statement, at para 126, at 2AB 643.

Similarly, the accused told Dr Gupta that he stopped trafficking three days
prior to his arrest because “he had enough money and he wanted to spend time
with his son before serving his time for the offence he was on bail for”. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Dr Gupta’s report, at para 10, at 1AB 144.

Neither the sixth statement, nor his account to Dr Gupta featured the fact
that he had been told by a “voice” on 15 February 2015 to stop trafficking.
195

##### Foot Note 195

×

PCS, at paras 20-21.

130 I accepted the Prosecution’s submission that the accused’s internally
inconsistent accounts on 15 February 2015 militated contextually against any
finding that he had heard and complied with the alleged command hallucination
on 17 February 2015. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

PCS, at para 33.

While I was prepared to accept that the accused may have been hearing voices,
his inconsistent and varying accounts about the alleged “voice” he heard on 15
February 2015 diminished his credibility as to the content, or the effect, of
the voices overall.

The objective evidence showed the accused had no intention of committing
suicide

131 The Prosecution submitted that the objective evidence showed that the
accused had no intention of halting his trafficking activities or committing
suicide. I agreed. In particular, the Prosecution relied on the accused’s
phone records, which revealed the following:

(a) The accused’s account that a voice told him on 15 February 2015 to stop
trafficking in drugs was contradicted by 304 discrete phone records (with 136
messages or calls emanating from him) from 15 February 2015 to the time of his
arrest; 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

PCS, at paras 44-48; Exhibit E.

(b) In particular, the accused continued to contact various persons on 15 and
16 February 2015, who were known to him as “Taxi Man”, “Boyboy1”, Prince Tai
Zi” and “Old Man Lao”. On the stand, the accused admitted that some of these
were his clients. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

PCS, at para 44; NE, 27 March 2018, 83:12-84:21.

The Prosecution suggested that these showed the accused remained very much in
the business of drug trafficking. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

PCS, at paras 44, 46 and 47.

(c) The accused’s account that he was acting on the instructions of the
“voice” on 17 February 2015 to order two pounds of heroin was debunked by call
records on 17 February 2015 showing it was Billa Visu who had contacted him,
and not the other way around; 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

PCS, at para 35.

and

(d) The accused’s purported intention to kill himself as he was “just
follow[ing] the instruction” of the voice on 17 February 2015 to purchase two
pounds of heroin to commit suicide 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 117:16-19.

flew in the face of several messages from the accused to his female friends
asking to spend time with them. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

PCS, at para 40(b), 40(f), 40(h), and 47.

132 The accused’s explanation for these messages and calls was that he was
still receiving these numerous calls from clients who had not yet known of his
decision to discontinue trafficking. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 106:25-28.

The accused denied that the messages exchanged with “Boyboy1”, “Old Man Lao”
and “Koon Ah” were drug-related. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 83:23-84:12.

133 However, the following messages suggested otherwise:

Exhibit E serial no.| Message recipient| Time of message| Details  
---|---|---|---  
32| “Boyboy1” (from the accused)| 15 February 2015 at 4:53 pm| “Bro, no more
buyer for the time being. Maybe later got order. Can go back to office first.”  
109| The accused (from “Koon Ah”)| 16 February 2015 at 12:46 pm| Translation:
“Brother Sheng, things are ready here. Thank you.” 205

##### Foot Note 205

× NE, 27 March 2018, 109:3-4.  
113| “Koon Ah” (from the accused)| 16 February 2015 at 12:50 pm| Translation:
“Alright. I have received. Reach at 1.30.” 206

##### Foot Note 206

× NE, 27 March 2018, 109:5-12.  
167| The accused (from “Old Man Lao”)| 16 February 2015 at 9:49 pm|
Translation: “Give me 1.5 tomorrow morning.” 207

##### Foot Note 207

× NE, 27 March 2018, 107:11.  
170| 16 February 2015 at 11:02 pm| Translation: “Tomorrow call me. I want to
be on time.” 208

##### Foot Note 208

× NE, 27 March 2018, 108:15-19.  
171| “Old Man Lao” (from the accused)| 16 February 2015 at 11:06 pm|
Translation: “Alright. Before coming tomorrow morning, I will give you a call
before coming.” 209

##### Foot Note 209

× NE, 27 March 2018, 108:4-5.  
  
134 I found the accused’s explanation to be flatly contradicted by the clear
drug-related content of the messages. Indeed, the accused admitted on the
stand that the messages with “Koon Ah” were in relation to “Koon Ah” supplying
him with “ice”. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 109:10-12.

Nor was it a tenable explanation that the calls were from clients unaware that
he had discontinued trafficking, since many of the calls and messages
originated from the accused and not the other way around. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 107:1-110:9.

135 None of the phone records or messages suggested any evidence that the
accused had heard a “voice” on 15 February 2015 telling him to stop
trafficking, much less that after he heard the voice, he no longer wanted to
sell drugs. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 91:17-18.

To the contrary, the following messages with a drug client “Prince Tai Zi” put
paid to the accused’s account:

Exhibit E serial no.| Message recipient| Time of message| Details  
---|---|---|---  
136| “Prince Tai Zi” (from the accused)| 16 February 2015 at 4:06 pm| “Bro,
the deal total are My 100g is =”  
137| 16 February 2015 at 4:07 pm| “20 set x $220 =”  
138| 16 February 2015 at 4:09 pm| “$4400  
Plus half set that is $110  
  
139| 16 February 2015 at 4:12 pm| “Yours is 100g x $21 = $2100  
My 4510-2100 = $2410 balance”  
140| 16 February 2015 at 4:14 pm| “Meeting later at 8-9pm. Please delete all
messages for this conversation. Thanks.”  
  
136 As to the critical time of the alleged command hallucination on 17
February 2015, the accused’s phone records showed no pause in his trafficking
activities. In fact, the Prosecution showed that on 18 February 2015, at 5:11
pm, the accused was busy ordering new supplies of drugs from Billa Visu in
relation to a new drug client, “Ham”. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Exhibit E, serial nos. 253-254, 256-265, 267-280; NE, 27 March 2018,
110:26-111:26.

When confronted with this evidence, the accused claimed that these calls were
in relation to the collection of the 27.61 g of diamorphine. This explanation
conflicted with the accused’s own admission that he collected the 27.61 g of
diamorphine several hours earlier at 10 am on 18 February 2015 (see [20] and
[35] above), an admission borne out by phone records showing several calls
from Billa Visu around this time. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

ASOF, at para 26, Exhibit E, serial nos. 226 and 228.

Hence, even if the accused had heard a hallucination telling him to stop
trafficking, the accused showed a healthy resistance to such a command.

137 Nor did the accused show any inclination to commit suicide. It followed
from the above (at [131]-[136]) that if the accused was still trafficking, it
would have been for the purposes of earning monies for the future. This did
not cohere with knowledge of impending demise.

138 The accused’s lack of intention to commit suicide was made most evident in
the social activities in the accused’s phone records. The latest time the
accused could have placed order for the second shipment of 27.61 g of
diamorphine was his latest call from Billa Visu on 17 February 2015 at 12:41
pm. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Exhibit E, at serial no. 186; PCS, at para 35.

This meant that the accused would have heard any alleged command hallucination
prior to that. However, the accused’s phone records after this time showed him
continuing to socialise and communicate with his friends, “Ah Mya” and “Ah
Ling”. In particular, he had four lengthy conversations with “Ah Mya” 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Exhibit E, at serial nos. 193, 204, 242, and 289; NE, 27 March 2018, 85:2.

and sent a message 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Exhibit E, at serial no 200; NE, 27 March 2018, 114:8-15.

and had three short conversations with his female friend, “Ah Ling”. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

NE, 27 March 2018, 114:18-26.

139 Around 9:47 pm on 18 February 2015, just prior to his arrest, the accused
also added four new contacts to his WeChat. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Exhibit “E”, at serial nos. 298-301.

The Prosecution suggested the accused must have intended to contact them in
the future. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

PCS, at paras 40 and 40(g).

I agreed. The accused’s phone records and his social activities demonstrably
showed this was not a person who had the intention of committing suicide,
regardless of whether he was following a “voice” or not.

140 Indeed, the accused’s fourth statement clearly demonstrated a
contradictory intention. He stated that the heroin in exhibits “E1” to “E5”
would last him about two months and “[he] planned to consume the heroin using
the “chase the dragon” method over the next two months”. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

The accused’s fourth statement, at para 29, at 2AB 567.

The 27.61 g of diamorphine were contained in exhibited “E1” to “E4”. (Exhibit
“E5” contained another 5.59 g of diamorphine.) In other words, the accused was
explaining to the officer recording his fourth statement that he planned to
consume the 27.61 g of diamorphine over a period of two months. This
explanation is clearly inconsistent with the accused’s defence that, from the
moment he received the 27.61 g of diamorphine, he had not deviated in his
intention to commit suicide and that he possessed the 27.61 g of diamorphine
throughout for the purpose of smoking himself “to freedom” by overdosing on
the drug.

141 To be clear, the accused had not run a separate defence of consumption
before me. In any event, any claim that all 36.42 g of the diamorphine was
meant for his consumption over a period of two months would not sit easily
with his account to Dr Winslow that he purchased one pound of heroin every
three to four days for selling and for personal consumption. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

Dr Winslow’s amended report, at para 16, at Exhibit D2; NE, 27 March 2018,
83:3-5, 28 March 2018, 41:1-19.

As this defence was not canvassed before me either in the course of the
evidence, or in submissions, I say no more about it.

142 The accused had not rebutted the presumption under s 17 of the MDA. The
clear inference to be drawn from the objective evidence was that at the
material time, the accused remained busy with the sale and purchase of drugs
and that the diamorphine found in his possession at the time of his arrest on
18 February 2015, including the 27.61 g of diamorphine, were possessed by the
accused for the purpose of trafficking.

143 I found that the Prosecution has proven the charge beyond a reasonable
doubt, and I convicted the accused on the capital charge.

The accused was not eligible for the alternative sentencing regime under s
33B(2) of the MDA

144 As I disbelieved the accused’s claim that the 27.61 g of diamorphine was
purchased in compliance with the alleged command hallucination, it followed
that a substantial part, if not all of the 27.61 g of diamorphine was
purchased for the purposes of resale and not for the purposes of his own
suicide. The accused also admitted (at [32] above) that he possessed an
intention to re-sell at least part of the 8.81 g of diamorphine.

145 In the circumstances, I found that the accused’s activities were not
restricted to those set out in s 33B(2)(a) of the MDA. He was therefore not
eligible for the alternative sentencing regime. Accordingly, I imposed on the
accused the death sentence as mandated by s 33 read with the Second Schedule
of the MDA.

Pang Khang Chau  
Judicial Commissioner

Ang Feng Qian and Zhou Yihong  
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;  
Chua Eng Hui (RHTLaw Taylor Wessing LLP) and Wong Seow Pin (S P Wong & Co) for
the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

