Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 85

Suit No 1364 of 2016

Between

TAN KOK YONG STEVE

… Plaintiff

And

ITOCHU SINGAPORE PTE LTD

… Defendant

ORAL judgment

[Contract] — [formation]

[Contract] — [contractual terms] — [implied terms]

[Contract] — [illegality and public policy] — [restraint of trade]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tan Kok Yong Steve

  

v

  

Itochu Singapore Pte Ltd

[2018] SGHC 85

High Court — Suit No 1364 of 2016  
Tan Siong Thye J  
27, 28 February, 2 March 2018; 9 March 2018

10 April 2018 Judgment reserved.

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Tan Kok Yong Steve (“the Plaintiff”) claims against his ex-
employer, Itochu Singapore Pte Ltd (“the Defendant”), for a sum of $79,345.
This is the severance package that was promised to the Plaintiff by the
Defendant in return for the Plaintiff’s resignation from the company (“the
Severance Package”). The Defendant does not deny that it offered the Severance
Package to the Plaintiff but it argues that this was an ex gratia payment
which was revoked as the Plaintiff had breached the non-competition
undertaking in the employment agreement.

2 The Defendant has also brought a counterclaim against the Plaintiff for an
injunction to restrain the Plaintiff from engaging in any business which
competes with the Defendant in respect of cement, clinker and other related
cementitious products (collectively, “Cement Products”) in Vietnam, Bangladesh
and the Philippines, for a period of two years after 30 June 2016. The
Defendant further counterclaims for damages in addition to or in lieu of the
injunction. The basis for the Defendant’s counterclaim is the Plaintiff’s
alleged breach of a “Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Undertaking” that he
had entered into as part of the terms of his employment (“the Non-Competition
Undertaking”).

Facts

The parties

3 The Plaintiff was an employee of the Defendant from 1 October 2012 to 30
June 2016. Prior to working for the Defendant, he worked as a trader dealing
in wood products for five years. Apart from wood products, he also ventured
into trading in other commodities such as coal and iron ore and he was active
in emerging markets such as Vietnam, Cambodia and Indonesia. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Statement of Facts (“ASOF”), para 1.

4 The Defendant is the Singapore incorporated subsidiary of an international
conglomerate of commodity trading companies with its headquarters in Japan. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ASOF, para 2.

The relevant terms of the Plaintiff’s employment agreement with the Defendant

5 The Plaintiff was employed by the Defendant on 1 October 2012, pursuant to
an appointment letter dated 25 September 2012. He was also issued the
Defendant’s Company Staff Handbook. The appointment letter and the Company
Staff Handbook collectively contained the terms of his employment agreement
(“the Employment Agreement”). Pursuant to the terms of the Employment
Agreement, the Plaintiff also entered into the Non-Competition Undertaking. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ASOF, para 3.

The salient terms of the Non-Competition Undertaking are as follows: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Volume 1 (“1AB”), pp 10 and 12.

1\. Non-Competition

The Employee hereby agrees and undertakes that during the Employment and for a
period of 2 years (Two Years) after termination of the Employment, the
Employee will not, without the Employer’s prior written consent, directly or
indirectly, whether for the Employee’s own account or for the account of any
other party, be employed or engaged in any capacity or otherwise be interested
in or involved with any company or business which competes with the Employer
and/or any Affiliate in respect of Restricted Goods or Restricted Services
within the Restricted Area.

…

“Restricted Area”

means the area (geographical or otherwise) constituting the market of the
Employer and that of any Affiliate for the Restricted Goods and Restricted
Services;

“Restricted Goods”

means any product competitive with any product sold or supplied by the
Employer and/or any Affiliate with which the Employee was concerned during the
period of 12 months immediately preceding the date of termination of the
Employment;

“Restricted Services”

means any services competitive with any of the services sold or supplied by
the Employer and/or any Affiliate with which the Employee was concerned during
the period of 12 months immediately preceding the date of termination of the
Employment.

The scope of the Plaintiff’s employment with the Defendant

6 While the Plaintiff was working for the Defendant he was specifically
assigned to handle the Defendant’s cement trade. This involved trading in
Cement Products with various foreign counterparties in the region. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ASOF, para 4.

Throughout his employment, the Plaintiff reported to Iwata Tomofumi (“DW2”),
who was the section manager of the Defendant’s cement portfolio. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ASOF, para 4.

7 The Defendant’s cement section is a regional hub for trades in Cement
Products. Each cement trader takes responsibility for one or more countries in
the region as the person-in-charge. Additionally, the marketing and sales of
the Cement Products are supported by the various country affiliates of the
Defendant. For example, if the Defendant intended to sell Cement Products to a
Filipino buyer, the Itochu Manila office (“Itochu Manila”) would help to
arrange for a meeting between the person-in-charge from the Defendant and the
key personnel from the Filipino buyer.

8 The Plaintiff was tasked to handle the business leads and deals for Cement
Products in Vietnam, the Philippines and Bangladesh as the person-in-charge of
those countries. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NE, 27 February 2018, p 60:5–60:7.

The Plaintiff’s cement trade in Bangladesh

9 One month after joining the Defendant, the Plaintiff was sent to the
Defendant’s office in Dhaka, Bangladesh (“Itochu Dhaka”) to attend a
conference. During this visit, the Plaintiff was also introduced to the
Bangladeshi customers as the liaison person. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NE, 27 February 2018, p 24:25–25:4.

10 The Plaintiff successfully restarted the supply of clinker to Bangladesh,
after the Defendant’s two-year absence in dealing in that product. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

NE, 27 February 2018, p 24:3–24:21.

At the material time, Itochu Dhaka was only a representative office which did
not carry out sales in its own account. Therefore, the Plaintiff was the main
person-in-charge for the Defendant’s trades in Bangladesh. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE, 27 February 2018, p 74:11–74:22.

11 The Plaintiff dealt with several major Bangladeshi buyers of Cement
Products, such as Akij Cement and Madina Cement. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

NE, 27 February 2018, p 25:2–25:6.

In addition , the Plaintiff was also in charge of Cement Products sales to
other smaller Bangladeshi buyers. The last recorded trades of Cement Products
to Bangladeshi counterparties which the Plaintiff was in charge of were in May
2015. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE, 27 February 2018, pp 39:1–40:31.

These trades were for clinker supplied by DIC Investment and Trading Joint
Stock Holding Company (“DIC”), a Vietnamese supplier of Cement Products, and
purchased by Olympic Cement Limited, Gazi Cement Mills Ltd, Eastern Cement
Industries Ltd, Metrocem Cement Ltd, Anwar Cement Ltd and Heidelbergcement
Bangladesh Ltd. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Volume 2 (“2AB”), pp 17–22.

The Plaintiff’s cement trade in Vietnam

12 At the end of 2012, the Defendant’s office in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
(“Itochu HCMC”) introduced the Plaintiff to several prospective suppliers of
clinker in Vietnam, including DIC. By March 2014, the Plaintiff had, on behalf
of the Defendant, established trade cooperation with DIC as the Defendant’s
Vietnamese supplier of clinker. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

1AB, p 80; NE, 27 February 2018, pp 26:27–27:15.

At this time, the Plaintiff had also established trade cooperation with other
clinker suppliers in Vietnam, such as Vissai Cement (“Vissai”) and Phuc Son.
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

1AB, p 80; NE, 27 February 2018, pp 26:27–27:15.

13 In February 2016, the Plaintiff arranged for DIC and Vissai to meet the
representatives of Big Boss Cement (“Big Boss”), a Filipino buyer of Cement
Products. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NE, 27 February 2018, pp 56:19–57:31.

The Plaintiff also convinced the Managing Director of Vissai to accompany him
to Manila to meet the representatives from Big Boss as well as Eagle Cement,
another Filipino buyer of Cement Products (“the Manila Meeting”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

1AB, p 123.

This Manila Meeting was the cause of some unhappiness between the Plaintiff
and DW2, which I shall elaborate on below.

14 The Plaintiff’s last recorded trade of Cement Products with a Vietnamese
counterparty was in March 2016. This trade was for gypsum, supplied by Al
Rawas Mining in Oman and purchased by DIC. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

2AB, p 27.

The Plaintiff’s cement trade in the Philippines

15 In the Philippines, the Plaintiff’s cement trade was with Big Boss and
Eagle Cement. In and around late 2015 and early 2016, the Plaintiff together
with a representative from Itochu Manila, met with the representatives from
Big Boss.

16 As I have alluded to above, the Plaintiff arranged for Big Boss and Eagle
Cement to meet with Vissai and DIC, the Vietnamese suppliers. This culminated
in the Manila Meeting between representatives from Vissai and Big Boss. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

1AB, p 125.

The Plaintiff had initially intended to attend the Manila Meeting personally.
But the Defendant had imposed a travel ban on the Plaintiff. The reasons for
this ban will be elaborated on below. Hence, the Plaintiff was not allowed to
attend the Manila Meeting. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

1AB, p 124.

17 In the emails that the Plaintiff subsequently sent to his superiors
requesting permission to attend the Manila Meeting, the Plaintiff stated that
he should be the one to attend the meeting given that the business discussions
were started by him. He also stated that he was “most familiar with all
parties and details”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

1AB, p 124.

He acknowledged that this meeting concerned “overall company interests,
including long term new business for both [Manila] and HCMC branch office” and
it was therefore in the Defendant’s interests for him to attend. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE, 27 February 2018, p 69:17–69:28.

18 The last recorded trade of Cement Products by the Plaintiff that involved a
Filipino counterparty was in November 2015. This trade was for clinker
supplied by DIC and purchased by Eagle Cement. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

2AB, p 26.

The breakdown in the relationship between the Plaintiff and the Defendant

19 In early 2016, the relationship between the Plaintiff and the Defendant
began to deteriorate. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ASOF, para 5.

On 29 February 2016, the Plaintiff was issued with a letter of warning
containing details of his transgressions (“the Letter of Warning”), such as:
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

1AB, p 112.

(a) purchasing gifts for external parties in January without the approval of
his manager;

(b) arranging for delivery of gypsum in the month of January from Oman to
Vietnam without the approval of his manager; and

(c) arranging for Iranian samples to be delivered to Vietnam without complying
with export control rules and without the approval of his manager.

As a consequence of his transgressions, the Plaintiff’s business trips and
entertainment expenses were suspended indefinitely.

20 In early June 2016, DW2 met with the Defendant’s Group Chief Operating
Officer, Hajime Tamanyu (“DW3”), to discuss the Plaintiff’s disciplinary
problems. DW2 and DW3 agreed that the Plaintiff’s employment be terminated by
the end of June 2016.

The cessation of the Plaintiff’s employment with the Defendant

21 DW3 instructed the General Manager of the Defendant’s Human Resource and
General Affairs Department (“Human Resource Department), Yeo Joon Sen (“DW1”),
to speak to the Plaintiff about the Defendant’s decision to end the
Plaintiff’s employment by the end of June 2016. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Hajime Tamanyu’s Affidavit, para 7; Yeo Joon Sen’s Affidavit (“Yeo’s
Affidavit”), para 6.

22 On 23 June 2016, DW1 met with the Plaintiff to inform the Plaintiff that
his employment with the Defendant would be terminated after 30 June 2016. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NE, 28 February 2018, p 20:1–20:6.

At this meeting, DW1 also informed the Plaintiff that if he resigned he would
be given the Severance Package. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE, 28 February 2018, p 20:15–20:19.

DW1 explained the components of the Severance Package to the Plaintiff but did
not specify the exact amounts that the Plaintiff would be entitled to. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NE, 28 February 2018, p 21:15–21:18; pp 21:28–22:25.

23 The next day, on 24 June 2016, the Plaintiff contacted DW1 to ask if the
Non-Competition Undertaking could be waived. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ASOF, para 5.

DW1 informed him that he would have to check with DW3 and DW2. DW1 conveyed
the Plaintiff’s request to DW3 and DW2. They refused to accede to the request.
On 27 June 2016, DW1 informed the Plaintiff that the Defendant intended to
continue enforcing the Non-Competition Undertaking. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ASOF, para 5.

24 On 30 June 2016, at 9.30 am, DW1 told the Plaintiff that he would have to
decide whether or not he would resign by 12 noon that day. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE, 28 February 2018, pp 24:21–25:8.

Soon thereafter the Plaintiff met a representative from the Singapore Manual
and Mercantile Workers’ Union (“the Union”), Andy Lim, as well as the
Defendant’s Union representative, Alice Yeo, regarding his termination by the
Defendant. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE, 27 February 2018, p 153:2–153:8.

The Plaintiff did not call Andy Lim and Alice Yeo to testify in court. After
this meeting with the Union representatives, the Plaintiff decided to resign
in order to benefit from the Severance Package. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE, 27 February 2018, p 152:14–152:17.

25 On that same day, the Plaintiff submitted his letter of resignation (“the
Letter of Resignation”) which was to take “immediate effect from 1 July
onwards”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

1AB, p 321.

In response, the Defendant issued a letter to the Plaintiff dated 30 June 2016
(“the Confirmation Letter”). The Confirmation Letter accepted the Plaintiff’s
Letter of Resignation, and also contained details of the Severance Package.
The material parts of the Confirmation Letter are as follows: 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

1AB, p 322.

Your letter of resignation dated 30 June 2016 is accepted with much regret.

On mutual agreement the company has decided to an early release. Your last day
of service is on 30 June 2016.

We wish to confirm the following:

You will be paid:

a. The salary for 1 – 30 June 2016 (which was paid on 24 June 2016)

b. One month salary in lieu of notice

c. Ex-gratia payment of 3.70 months’ basic salary

d. Pro-rated Annual Wage Supplement (AWS) for the year 2016

e. Annual leave balance as at 30 June 2016

f. Variable bonus of 6.33 months

(Basic Salary x 3.55 months) x [(0.75 (BC Rating) x 0.7) + (2.14 (Dept Ratio)
x 0.3)] x 1.4 + S$3,700

The total amount payable to you after deduction of deductible CPF shall be
paid to you no later than 25 July 2016.

[emphasis added in italics]

26 Upon receipt of the Defendant’s letter on 30 June 2016, the Plaintiff
physically vacated the premises of the Defendant that same day and his
employment with the Defendant had officially come to an end. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Tan Kok Yong Steve’s Affidavit (“Steve’s Affidavit”), para 34.

The Plaintiff’s short-lived employment with DIC after leaving the Defendant

27 A day later, on 1 July 2016, the Plaintiff was appointed as the exclusive
agent of DIC for the export of Cement Products from Vietnam to the
Philippines. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

1AB, p 332.

The Plaintiff’s letter of employment with DIC stated that he would “act on
behalf of the company in negotiating the terms and conditions with any
potential buyers or traders for sales of clinker, cement and related
cementitious products to the Philippines.” 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

1AB, p 332.

On 11 July 2016, DIC, with the consent of the Plaintiff, sent an email to the
Defendant informing them of DIC’s employment of the Plaintiff as the exclusive
agent for the export of Cement Products from Vietnam to the Philippines. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

1AB, p 334.

The Defendant protested and DIC terminated the Plaintiff’s employment on 26
July 2016. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

1AB, p 337.

28 The Defendant adduced evidence which showed that after leaving the
Defendant, the Plaintiff had also acted as agent for Vissai in dealing with
Big Boss. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

1AB, p 333.

In this capacity, he had attempted to set up a meeting between Vissai and Big
Boss in Manila to discuss a potential business deal between the parties.

29 The Plaintiff also admitted that in November 2016 he had set up a company
known as Changfa Trading Pte Ltd (“Changfa”). 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE, 27 February 2018, p 134:4–134:8.

Through Changfa, the Plaintiff had taken steps to trade in Cement Products
with cement companies in Vietnam, such as Longson Cement. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE, 27 February 2018, p 136:16–136:19; pp 137:2–138:8.

The parties’ cases

The Plaintiff’s claim for the Severance Package

The Plaintiff’s case

30 The Plaintiff’s case is that there was a valid agreement concluded between
the parties on 30 June 2016 when the Plaintiff tendered his resignation and
the Defendant sent the Confirmation Letter in response. The Plaintiff argues
that the Severance Package was in exchange for the Plaintiff’s resignation,
and that constituted valid consideration. On the issue of certainty, the
Plaintiff argues that while the exact amounts for the Severance Package had
not yet been fixed when it was first raised by DW1 on 23 June 2016 these were
finalised in the Defendant’s letter dated 30 June 2016. The Plaintiff further
argues that compliance with the Non-Competition Undertaking was not an express
or implied condition of the agreement for the Severance Package.

The Defendant’s case

31 On the Plaintiff’s claim for the Severance Package, the Defendant argues
that the Severance Package was an ex gratia goodwill payment. It was not a
valid agreement that could be enforced. Alternatively, the Defendant submits
that even if there were a purported valid agreement for the payment of the
Severance Package, it is void for uncertainty and/or lack of consideration.
Furthermore, the Defendant submits that even if there was a valid and
enforceable agreement between the parties, there was an express or implied
condition that the Plaintiff must comply with the Non-Competition Undertaking.

The Non-Competition Undertaking in the Defendant’s counterclaim

32 The parties agree that if the Non-Competition Undertaking is found to be
valid and enforceable, the Plaintiff has breached it as he sought employment
with DIC a day after his resignation from the Defendant. However, the
Plaintiff disputes the validity of the Non-Competition Undertaking.

The Defendant’s case

33 The Defendant argues that the Non-Competition Undertaking is no more
restrictive than is reasonably necessary to protect the Defendant’s
proprietary interests. First, it serves to protect the Defendant’s trade
connections and customers, which constitute a legitimate interest. Second, the
activity, geographical and temporal scopes of the Non-Competition Undertaking
are not unnecessarily wide despite the inclusion of the Defendant’s
“affiliates”. This is because the “Restricted Area”, Restricted Goods” and
“Restricted Services” are prescribed and limited by the scope of the
Plaintiff’s work “during the period of 12 months immediately preceding the
date of termination of the Employment”. It is for this reason that the
Defendant argues that the Non-Competition Undertaking is only limited to
Cement Products in Vietnam, Bangladesh and the Philippines. The Defendant
submits that the temporal scope of two years for the Non-Competition
Undertaking is also reasonable as it would require about two years for an
officer to build up the trade connections in the Cement industry.

34 The Defendant further submits that if the Non-Competition Undertaking is
found to be valid, an injunction should be ordered against the Plaintiff to
ensure that he abides by the terms of the Non-Competition Undertaking.
Further, damages in addition to, or in lieu of, the injunction should also be
awarded for breach of the Non-Competition Undertaking.

The Plaintiff’s case

35 The Plaintiff argues that he did not have any trade connections due to his
lack of influence over the Defendant’s customers as he could not make any
decisions on his own without seeking his superior’s final approval. The
Plaintiff also argues that since the Defendant has more than 200 affiliates
worldwide, the inclusion of the Defendant’s “affiliates” within the scope of
the Non-Competition Undertaking renders it unnecessarily and unreasonably
wide. Finally, the Plaintiff submits that the boundaries of the Non-
Competition Undertaking are too vague and imprecise which unfairly prejudices
the Plaintiff who is bound by it.

Issues for determination

36 The Plaintiff’s claim and the Defendant’s counterclaim neatly outline the
two major issues that have to be determined. The first relates to the
enforceability of the Severance Package and the second relates to the validity
of the Non-Competition Undertaking.

Issues that relate to the Plaintiff’s claim - the enforceability of the
Severance Package

37 The issues relating to the enforceability of the Severance Package are:

(a) whether the Severance Package was a valid contract between the parties;

(b) whether the Severance Package was backed by consideration;

(c) whether the Severance Package was uncertain and hence unenforceable; and

(d) whether compliance with the Non-Competition Undertaking was an express or
implied condition precedent before the Plaintiff was entitled to the Severance
Package.

Issues that relate to the Defendant’s counterclaim – the validity of the Non-
Competition Undertaking

38 The issues relating to the validity of the Non-Competition Undertaking are:

(e) whether there was a legitimate interest for the Defendant to protect;

(f) whether the scope of the Non-Competition Undertaking was reasonable, with
reference to the activity, geographical and temporal scopes; and

(g) assuming that the Non-Competition Undertaking is found to be valid, what
is the appropriate remedy that should be granted.

My decision on the Plaintiff’s claim for the Severance Package

Issue (a): whether the Severance Package was a valid contract between the
parties

39 For the Plaintiff to succeed in his claim, he must show that there was a
valid contract between the parties for the payment of the Severance Package.
45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 88.

The Defendant argues that there is no evidence to show that on 30 June 2016
DW1 had made an offer to the Plaintiff, and that DW1 did not have any
intention to create legal relations. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 91.

Furthermore, the Defendant argues that there was no consideration to give rise
to a valid contract.

40 To ascertain whether there was a valid contract between the Plaintiff and
the Defendant for the Severance Package we have to examine the circumstances
before and leading to the offer of the Severance Package by the Defendant on
30 June 2016. The Court of Appeal in Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter
and another appeal [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332 (“Gay Choon Ing”) instructively stated
at [53] that in ascertaining if an agreement has been reached, the courts will
look at the whole course of negotiations between parties. This examination of
the course of negotiations should still be effected in accordance with the
concepts of offer and acceptance (Gay Choon Ing at [63]). Similarly, in the
present case, this court must have regard to the whole course of negotiations
between the parties to ascertain whether there had indeed been a contract
formed. Therefore, it would not be correct to confine the search for evidence
of a contract to 30 June 2016 as was the contention of the Defendant. It has
to start from 23 June 2016 when DW1 first offered the Plaintiff the Severance
Package in exchange for his resignation.

41 In my view, the meeting between DW1 and the Plaintiff on 23 June 2016 was
of epochal significance in determining whether there was an agreement between
the parties for the Severance Package. The event on 23 June 2016 as narrated
by the Plaintiff that he was offered the Severance Package in exchange for his
resignation would be a death knell to the Defendant’s arguments that there was
no agreement if the court accepts the Plaintiff’s version. That was why the
Defendant in its closing submissions side-stepped the meeting on 23 June 2016
and focused heavily on the events of 30 June 2016.

42 Regarding the meeting on 23 June 2016, I noticed that in DW1’s affidavit of
evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) he merely stated: “On 23 June 2016, I met with
Steve. I informed Steve that Itochu has plans to end Steve’s employment by the
end of the month.” 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Yeo’s Affidavit, para 7.

43 In DW1’s AEIC on this meeting of 23 June 2016, he was reticent on his offer
of the Severance Package to the Plaintiff in exchange for his resignation. The
details of the Severance Package only came out reluctantly from DW1 during his
cross-examination. DW1 also attempted to be vague in this aspect of his
testimony: 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE, 28 February 2018, pp 20:23–20:31, 21:15–21:24, 22:28–22:30.

Q: Now this suggestion came from you that basically the company could consider
a severance package if he handed in his resignation?

A: I can’t remember who brought up this subject, it could be him, it could be
me but there was discussion on this subject.

Q: Now it’s my instructions and I’m suggesting to you that it was probably you
who brought this up and told him. Would you agree?

A: I would not agree to that because I could not remember.

Q: But it is possible you could have said this?

A: I would not disagree to that –

...

Q: I see. Now did you discuss further what this severance package would be
with Mr Steve Tan?

A: It could include like what I think some of the components that was
indicated in the letter that was given to him.

Q: So you did speak to him regarding payment of pro-rated annual wage
supplement, AWS?

A: On that day itself, on 23rd of June, I could not remember whether did we
discuss in – this component that was – the – the possibility of this
component.

Q: What about the annual leave balance as of 30th June 2016?

A: It could – it could have been mentioned.

...

Q: And this was dependent on him resigning as opposed to being terminated. If
he resigned, there’s this package available.

A: This was the – the option that he has.

44 It is also interesting to note that the Defendant’s counsel did not cross-
examine the Plaintiff at all about the meeting on 23 June 2016. The rule in
Browne v Dunn [1894] 6 R 67, as explained in Phipson on Evidence (Hodge M.
Malek gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th ed, 2013) at paras 12–35, states:

As a rule a party should put to each of his opponent’s witnesses in turn so
much of his own case as concerns that particular witness, or in which he had a
share… If he asks no questions he will generally be taken to accept the
witness’ account… [emphasis added]

This definition of the rule in Browne v Dunn has been endorsed in the context
of civil proceedings by the English Court of Appeal in Deepak Fertilizers &
Petrochemicals Ltd v Davy McKee (UK) London Ltd [2002] EWCA Civ 1396. It has
also been applied locally in Wama Binte Buang v Martin Lee and Another [1993]
SGHC 231.

45 The Plaintiff, at para 25 of his AEIC, mentioned that DW1 offered him the
Severance Package in exchange for his resignation during the meeting on 23
June 2016. The Defendant’s counsel’s failure to cross-examine the Plaintiff
regarding the meeting on the 23 June 2016 and failure to put the Defendant’s
case to the Plaintiff indicate that the Defendant accepted the Plaintiff’s
version of the event on 23 June 2016.

46 For these reasons, I am satisfied that on 23 June 2016 DW1 first offered
the Severance Package to the Plaintiff in exchange for the latter’s
resignation.

47 Next, I shall examine whether the offer on 23 June 2016 was a valid offer.
The Defendant has relied on the definition of an offer in Aircharter World Pte
Ltd v Kontena Nasional Bhd [1999] 2 SLR(R) 440, as cited in The Law of
Contract in Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing,
2012) at para 03.023. It states:

An offer … is an expression of willingness to contract made with the intention
(actual or apparent) that it shall become binding on the person making it as
soon as it is accepted by the person to whom it is addressed. [emphasis added]

DW1 had first broached the topic of the termination of the Plaintiff’s
employment at the meeting on 23 June 2016. DW1 told the Plaintiff that his
employment with the Defendant would cease by the end of June 2016. In the
course of the trial, DW1 admitted that he conveyed to the Plaintiff that the
Severance Package would only be available if the Plaintiff were to resign.
Conversely, the Severance Package would not be offered if the Plaintiff’s
employment was terminated by the Defendant. This was in response to the
question that I had posed to DW1 as follows: 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE, 28 February 2018, p 23:6–23:10.

Court: … Now, counsel is asking that if he was terminated, there would be no
severance package. If he resigned on his own, there will be a severance
package, is that how it was conveyed to him?

Witness: Yes, Your Honour.

Furthermore, DW1 explained the various components in the Severance Package
although he did not quantify the monetary value of these components, as this
would not seem necessary at the first meeting. Given DW1’s position as the
General Manager of the Defendant’s Human Resource Department, it must have
been apparent to the Plaintiff that this was a serious offer made by the
Defendant. DW1 must have obtained approval from the senior management of the
Defendant to offer the Plaintiff the Severance Package before he met the
Plaintiff on 23 June 2016. In other words, the Plaintiff was reasonably
entitled to believe that should he resign, he would receive the Severance
Package from the Defendant. Moreover, given the Plaintiff’s deteriorating
relationship with the Defendant, it would not have been unexpected that his
employment was indeed coming to an end.

48 Therefore, in the circumstances, I find that there was a valid offer made
by DW1 on behalf of the Defendant on 23 June 2016. It is important to note
that the Plaintiff was only eligible for the Severance Package if he resigned
but not if he was terminated.

49 Next, I shall consider whether there was a corresponding acceptance of this
offer by the Plaintiff. The Defendant has harped on the fact that the
Plaintiff was not able to produce the email which he allegedly sent to DW1,
purporting to accept the offer. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 92(3)(c).

Therefore, the Defendant argues that even if there was an offer, there is no
evidence of an acceptance and hence no contract. However, the contemporaneous
documents (namely, the Letter of Resignation and the Confirmation Letter both
dated 30 June 2016) show that there was a valid acceptance.

50 Acceptance, as defined in Gay Choon Ing at [47], is “a final and
unqualified expression of assent to the terms of an offer.” In the Letter of
Resignation, the Plaintiff makes clear his intention to resign from the
Defendant with “immediate effect starting from 1 July 2016”. This undoubtedly
represented the “final and unqualified expression of assent” to the
Defendant’s offer made on 23 June 2016. On the same day ie, 30 June 2016, DW1
sent the Plaintiff the Confirmation Letter. The Defendant stated unequivocally
that it accepted the Plaintiff’s resignation, and that it also agreed to the
Plaintiff’s early release. The Confirmation Letter also “confirm[ed]” the
various components of the Severance Package as mentioned by DW1 in his meeting
with the Plaintiff on 23 June 2016. The Confirmation Letter had further
specified formulas for each component of the Severance Package which could be
used to derive its monetary value. Lastly, the Confirmation Letter stated that
payment to the Plaintiff would be made before 25 July 2016.

51 The Defendant has relied on Lim Seng Choon David v Global Maritime Holdings
Ltd and another and another suit [2018] SGHC 25 (“Global Maritime”) to argue
that there was no oral agreement between the parties. In that case, the
plaintiff was asked by his employer to retire early. The plaintiff alleged
that in exchange for his early retirement, there was an oral agreement between
him and his employers for certain sums to be paid to him. Choo Han Teck J held
at [11] that there was no oral agreement between the parties, on the ground
that there was no evidence to show that the parties themselves had believed
that an agreement had been reached between them. In Choo J’s view, the
contemporaneous documents merely showed that the parties were still in the
stage of negotiations. He also pointed out at [7] that the draft agreement
which the plaintiff sought to rely on was silent as to the terms of the
alleged oral agreement pleaded by the plaintiff.

52 The facts in the present case significantly differ from that in Maritime
Global. As I have held above, the contemporaneous documents, namely the Letter
of Resignation and the Confirmation Letter, are consistent with DW1’s evidence
that he had informed the Plaintiff about the Severance Package. There was no
indication that this was merely the subject of negotiations and hence would
not be binding on the parties. The Confirmation Letter had expressly stated
the components of the Severance Package and the method to arrive at the
monetary value of each component which the Plaintiff is currently seeking to
claim. Accordingly, Maritime Global can be distinguished from the present
case.

53 For the above reasons the answer to this issue must be that there was a
valid offer from the Defendant to the Plaintiff, that if he resigns he would
be given a Severance Package and this was accepted on 30 June 2016. The
Confirmation Letter formalised and sealed the agreement between the parties.

Issue (b): whether the Severance Package was backed by consideration

54 It is trite law that for an agreement to be enforceable, it must be backed
by consideration. The Plaintiff argues that the Defendant’s payment of the
Severance Package was in exchange for his resignation and therefore that
constituted valid consideration. The Defendant makes two arguments against
this: first, that the Plaintiff’s resignation was not requested by the
Defendant; and second, that the Plaintiff’s resignation was of no benefit to
the Defendant.

55 The Defendant’s contention does not hold water. DW1 categorically testified
that the Plaintiff would only be given the Severance Package if he resigned.
It is clear to me that the payment of the Severance Package was always
conditional upon the Plaintiff’s resignation as opposed to him being
terminated by the Defendant. This is evident from DW1’s own testimony, as well
as the fact that the components of the Severance Package were confirmed by the
Defendant immediately after the Plaintiff tendered his resignation. Therefore,
it is crystal clear that the Severance Package was backed by valid
consideration.

Whether the request came from the promisor

56 The Defendant argues that since it had not requested the Plaintiff to
resign, his resignation cannot constitute valid consideration. In Gay Choon
Ing at [17], the Court of Appeal stated that an act or a promise will only
constitute valid consideration if it has been requested by the promisor. The
case of Combe v Combe [1951] 2 KB 215 is commonly used to illustrate this
principle. There, a wife tried to sue her ex-husband for the breach of a
promise to pay her maintenance. She claimed that the consideration that she
had given in exchange for this promise was her forbearance to apply to the
court for a maintenance order. It was held that this did not constitute valid
consideration because it was not her ex-husband who had asked her to refrain
from applying for maintenance. Rather, this was done of her own volition.
Therefore, the corollary of this principle is that an act or promise cannot
constitute valid consideration if it was of the promisee’s own volition.

57 This argument is only valid if PW1 had not offered the Plaintiff the
Severance Package in exchange for his resignation. It is clear to me that DW1,
on behalf of the Defendant, was the “promisor” who promised the Plaintiff
payment of the Severance Package in exchange for the Plaintiff’s resignation.
In other words, the Plaintiff had resigned because he was promised the
Severance Package, and it cannot be said that he had resigned of his own
volition. Hence, the Defendant’s argument that the request did not come from
the promisor fails.

58 The Defendant sought to rely on the Court of Appeal’s decision in Goh Chan
Peng and others v Beyonics Technology Ltd and another and another appeal
[2017] 2 SLR 592 (“Beyonics”). In that case, the terms of employment of the
company stated that either party would be able to terminate employment by
giving six months’ notice. The appellant tendered his resignation, but
requested that the notice period be abridged to about three months. He was
thereafter paid a sum of money representing three months of his salary upon
his resignation from the company. The question that the Court had to consider
was whether this payment was pursuant to a valid agreement supported by
consideration.

59 The appellant argued that the consideration was in the form of his
accepting a lower amount of salary in lieu of full notice, which would have
been six months’ worth of salary, and also his giving up of any claims against
the company. On the salary in lieu of notice, the Court held that if it was
the company that had wanted the appellant to leave early and forgo the salary
he would have earned during the six-month notice period, then his acceptance
of the lower amount of three months’ worth of salary would have been valid
consideration. However, it was the appellant himself that had requested the
abridged notice period, and accordingly it was not the company that had
requested the appellant to accept the lower amount in lieu of notice. On the
point of the appellant giving up his claims against the company, the court
held that the company had not requested the appellant to forbear from suing
it, and hence that too was not valid consideration.

60 In the present case the Defendant argues that the request for the waiver of
the notice period had come from the Plaintiff and not the Defendant, and
therefore it was not valid consideration. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 109.

This argument is misconceived because the Plaintiff is relying on his
resignation, and not the waiver of the notice period, as the consideration for
the Severance Package. As I have held above, I am completely convinced that
the Plaintiff had resigned because of the Severance Package that he was
offered by the Defendant on 23 June 2016. Moreover, DW2 and DW3 wanted the
Plaintiff to leave the Defendant’s employment by the end of June 2016 and DW1
was tasked to carry out this instruction. Accordingly, Beyonics does not
assist the Defendant in the present case.

Whether there was any benefit to the Defendant

61 The Defendant argues that because it was entitled to terminate the
Plaintiff’s employment without the need to give any reasons, there was no need
for it to request the Plaintiff to resign. Indeed, the Defendant’s Company
Staff Handbook states that either party may terminate the employment at any
time by giving the required notice, without assigning any reason for such
termination. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Yeo’s Affidavit, p 28.

Accordingly, the Defendant contends that it did not receive any benefit from
the Plaintiff’s resignation because it was something that the Defendant was
already entitled to. Therefore, the Plaintiff’s resignation could not be
regarded as valuable consideration.

62 The Defendant’s argument assumes that there is no difference between
terminating an employee and an employee resigning because it leads to the same
eventual outcome ie, that the employee’s employment at the company will come
to an end. However, it is undisputed that the Plaintiff would only receive the
Severance Package if he resigns and he would get nothing upon termination by
the Defendant. This indicates that from the perspective of the Defendant,
there must be a difference between termination and resignation.

63 The Defendant alleges that the Severance Package was a gesture of goodwill
to the Plaintiff. This would have been an attractive submission if the
Plaintiff had been a model employee who was leaving the Defendant on good
terms. However, the Plaintiff had been issued with the Letter of Warning, and
his disagreements with DW2 were well documented. Furthermore, the Defendant
had already decided to terminate the Plaintiff’s employment by the end of June
2016. There was no reason why this “goodwill” should have been extended to
him, as opposed to simply terminating his employment. Clearly, there must have
been some benefit to the Defendant if they could incentivise the Plaintiff to
resign by paying him the Severance Package.

64 In my view, the benefit to the Defendant from the Plaintiff’s resignation
was the avoidance of having to deal with the Union. DW1 must have known about
the Union involvement as he is the General Manager of the Defendant’s Human
Resource Department. If the Defendant had elected to terminate the Plaintiff,
it would have had to expend time and resources to provide an explanation to
the Union. This was especially so given that the meeting on 23 June 2016
indicated that the Plaintiff might not accept the termination willingly
without creating a fuss. Thus, even if the Defendant had legitimate reasons to
justify the termination of the Plaintiff, resources would still have to be
expended to assuage the Union. However, if the Plaintiff were to resign, the
Defendant would be able to avoid all this hassle. The Plaintiff’s departure
would then be uneventful and the Union would not be involved. This was the
most expedient way of severing the Plaintiff’s employment, and hence provided
a valuable and meaningful benefit to the Defendant.

65 The evidence shows that the Plaintiff had already informed the Union
representative Andy Lim that the Defendant intended to terminate his
employment, which he felt was unreasonable. It is also undisputed that there
was a meeting between the Plaintiff, Andy Lim and Alice Yeo, the Union
representative in the Defendant, prior to the Plaintiff tendering his
resignation. It is, therefore, reasonable to assume that the Union would have
been fully apprised of the Plaintiff’s circumstances. Hence DW1’s pre-emptive
strategy of offering the Plaintiff the Severance Package for his resignation
on 23 June 2016 had paid dividends as it had warded off the Union’s
intervention. DW1 must have known from his vast experience as the General
Manager of the Defendant’s Human Resource Department that this would be a wise
and hassle-free approach to ceasing the Plaintiff’s employment.

66 In the circumstances, I find that the Plaintiff’s resignation constituted
valuable consideration for the Severance Package. Therefore, the agreement
does not fail for lack of consideration as contended by the Defendant.

Issue (c): whether the Severance Package was uncertain and hence unenforceable

67 The Defendant also argues that even if there was an agreement between the
parties for the payment of the Severance Package, that agreement would be void
for uncertainty. The Defendant relies primarily on the fact that DW1 had never
discussed “any figures, or even a range of possible figures” with the
Plaintiff. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, p 38.

Therefore, this is akin to an agreement to agree and hence is unenforceable.

68 While it cannot be denied that certainty of terms is an essential
requirement for the enforceability of contracts, the answer to what is
“sufficiently certain” is often a matter of degree, and the courts generally
do not expect contracts to be drafted with utmost certainty. In particular, it
is stated in The Law of Contract in Singapore at para 03.156 that a contract
will not be rendered “uncertain even though there is a term to be determined
in the future, provided that the contract itself provides the means for
ascertainment of that term.” An example of such a “means for ascertainment”
can be found in Brown v Gould and others [1972] 1 Ch 53, which involved a
lease agreement containing an option to renew the lease. The contract did not
provide any figures for what the new rent would be upon renewal, but it stated
that:

… rent to be fixed having regard to the market value of the premises at the
time of exercising this option taking into account to the advantage of the
tenant any increased value of such premises attributable to structural
improvements made by the tenant …

The landlord tried to argue that the option was unenforceable for uncertainty.
However, the Court held that the option was valid and enforceable since the
formula stated in the lease was sufficiently certain to guide the appointed
valuer in coming up with a figure, and subsequently for the Court to make a
determination.

69 I find the principle stated above to be directly applicable to the present
case. Even though DW1 had not discussed the figures of the various components
in the Severance Package with the Plaintiff at the meeting on 23 June 2016,
the Confirmation Letter specifies the formula to ascertain the monetary sum of
each component to be paid. The components of the Severance Package are listed
in the Confirmation Letter (see [25] above). Items a, b, c and e are self-
explanatory and are sufficiently certain. As for the “Annual Wage Supplement”
in item d, it is defined in section C3 of the Defendant’s Company Staff
Handbook and is thus also sufficiently certain. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

1AB, p 30.

Finally, there is a specific formula provided for the calculation of the
“Variable bonus of 6.33 months” in item f, which is also a sufficiently
certain mechanism for ascertaining the eventual figure. All things considered,
the Confirmation Letter which forms part of the contract, does provide a
method to ascertain the eventual figure to be paid under the Severance
Package, and therefore the agreement does not fail for uncertainty as
contended by the Defendant.

70 The Defendant has cited Harwinder Singh s/o Geja Singh v Wong Lok Yung
Michael and another [2015] 4 SLR 69 (“Harwinder Singh”), where the Court
rejected a claim for a “lump sum” payment due under an alleged oral agreement
because it was too uncertain. However, in that case, the Court found at [20]
that not only were essential details missing from the purported agreement,
there was also no mechanism with which to ascertain these details. Therefore,
Harwinder Singh can be distinguished from the present case, on the basis that
the Confirmation Letter does provide for a mechanism to ascertain the eventual
sums to be paid under the Severance Package.

Issue (d): whether compliance with the Non-Competition Undertaking was an
express or implied condition precedent for the Plaintiff to be entitled to the
Severance Package

71 The Defendant contends that even if the Severance Package was pursuant to a
valid and enforceable contract, there was an express or implied condition
precedent that the Plaintiff had to comply with the Non-Competition
Undertaking in order for him to be entitled to the Severance Package.
Notwithstanding the issues pertaining to the validity of the Non-Competition
Undertaking, I shall first consider whether compliance with the Non-
Competition Undertaking was indeed a condition precedent for the Plaintiff to
be entitled to the Severance Package.

72 The Plaintiff had raised the issue of the Non-Competition Undertaking on 24
June 2016. He had explicitly requested DW1 for a waiver of the Non-Competition
Undertaking prior to tendering his resignation. This request was escalated to
DW2 and DW3 who rejected the request. On 27 June 2016 DW1 informed the
Plaintiff of the rejection. Therefore, this was a live issue at that time and
it would have been open to the Defendant to expressly insert a term into the
Confirmation Letter stating that any breach of the Non-Competition Undertaking
would disentitle the Plaintiff from the Severance Package. I wish to reiterate
that the Confirmation Letter was prepared by the Defendant. However, the
Defendant chose not to do so. When DW1 was questioned about why the Defendant
had not expressly included this term into the Confirmation Letter, he admitted
that there was no necessity to do so because the Non-Competition Undertaking
was already a part of the Plaintiff’s original Employment Agreement.
Therefore, if the parties had intended for compliance with the Non-Competition
Undertaking to be an express condition precedent of the contract, the
Defendant would have stated so in the Confirmation Letter, which is notably
silent on this issue.

73 Alternatively, the Defendant argues that it was an implied term of the
contract that the Plaintiff would only be entitled to the Severance Package if
he complied with his obligations under the Non-Competition Undertaking. The
Defendant submits that such a term would meet the “business efficacy” and
“officious bystander” tests. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 118.

74 In Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another
appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193 at [101], the Court of Appeal laid out the three-step
process for determining if a term can be implied by fact:

(a) The first step is to ascertain how the gap in the contract arises.
Implication will be considered only if the court discerns that the gap arose
because the parties did not contemplate the gap.

(b) At the second step, the court considers whether it is necessary in the
business or commercial sense to imply a term in order to give the contract
efficacy.

(c) Finally, the court considers the specific term to be implied. This must be
one which the parties, having regard to the need for business efficacy, would
have responded “Oh, of course!” had the proposed term been put to them at time
of the contract. If it is not possible to find such a clear response, then,
the gap persists and the consequences of that gap ensue.

75 I do not think that the term sought to be implied ie, that compliance with
the Non-Competition Undertaking is a condition precedent to the payment of the
Severance Package, satisfies the “business efficacy” and “officious bystander”
tests. As I have held above, the Severance Package was offered to the
Plaintiff in exchange for his resignation because it would allow the Defendant
to avoid the hassle of having to deal with the Union. The Defendant’s
interests in preventing the Plaintiff from competing with it, on the other
hand, were provided for and protected by the Non-Competition Undertaking.
These represented two distinct sets of obligations under two separate
contracts that could exist independently. There was no necessity for the Non-
Competition Undertaking to be implied as a condition precedent to the
Severance Package in order to give it business efficacy.

76 The circumstances surrounding the severance agreement also do not give rise
to an implied term as it was not obvious to any bystander that the parties
must have impliedly agreed to this condition. Furthermore, the sole purpose of
the Severance Package was to incentivise the Plaintiff to resign. Thus the
Non-Competition Undertaking was not intended to form a part of the Contract
for the payment of the Severance Package.

77 The Defendant cites John While Springs (S) Pte Ltd and another v Goh Sai
Chuah Justin and others [2004] 3 SLR(R) 596 (“John While Springs”) at [7]
which states that “[n]o reasonable employer would have offered a bonus to a
cheating employee”, as an indication that the term sought to be implied
satisfies the officious bystander test. In John While Springs, bonuses that
had been paid to the defendant employees were ordered to be refunded back to
the plaintiff employer, because these employees had breached their fiduciary
duties. Choo Han Teck J held at [7] that a “bonus is generally a payment
fashioned as a reward as well as an incentive”. This suggests to me that a
“bonus” is more akin to an ex gratia payment that is given out of the goodwill
of the company.

78 However, as I have held above, the Severance Package was offered in
exchange for the Plaintiff’s resignation because it would bring some benefit
to the company in not having to deal with the Union. It was therefore made
pursuant to a valid and enforceable agreement, unlike the bonuses that were
considered in John While Springs. Given that the Plaintiff has kept to his end
of the bargain ie, to resign, the Defendant cannot deprive him of the
Severance Package because he has breached his obligations under the Non-
Competition Undertaking, which is a separate contract.

79 Therefore, I find that compliance with the Non-Competition Undertaking was
not an express or implied condition precedent for the payment of the Severance
Package.

Summary on the Plaintiff’s claim for the Severance Package

80 In summary, I am of the view that the course of negotiations between the
Plaintiff and DW1 started on 23 June 2016 and ended on 30 June 2016. It shows
that the parties had entered into an agreement for payment of the Severance
Package in exchange for the Plaintiff’s resignation. This agreement was backed
by valuable consideration, and was also sufficiently certain. Furthermore,
there was no express or implied condition precedent in the contract that
requires compliance with the Non-Competition Undertaking.

81 Accordingly, I allow the Plaintiff’s claim for the Severance Package, save
for item c listed in the Confirmation Letter. This is because the Defendant
had expressly stated that this was an ex gratia payment. “Ex gratia” is
defined in P. G. Osborn, Osborn’s Concise Law Dictionary (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th
Ed, 1964) at p 128 to be “[a]s of favour”. Therefore, the Defendant could
elect at its sole discretion whether or not to pay it to the Plaintiff. I
would like to add that if the Defendant had intended the whole Severance
Package to be an ex gratia goodwill payment it would have indicated so in the
Confirmation Letter. After all, the Confirmation Letter was drafted entirely
by DW1. But the Defendant only identified the payment of 3.7 months’ basic
salary as ex gratia payment. Therefore, the total sum payable by the Defendant
to the Plaintiff pursuant to the Severance Package is $53,419.

My decision on the Defendant’s counterclaim - the validity of the Non-
Competition Undertaking

82 I shall now deal with the Defendant’s counterclaim. At the outset, I would
state that the Plaintiff accepts that if the Non-Competition Undertaking was
found to be valid and enforceable, his employment with DIC soon after leaving
the Defendant would be sufficient to constitute a breach. Therefore, I shall
now consider whether the Non-Competition Undertaking, which is a covenant for
the restraint of trade, is valid and enforceable.

Issue (e): whether the Defendant had a legitimate interest to protect

83 In Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd (formerly known as E D & F Man International
(S) Pte Ltd) v Wong Bark Chuan David [2008] 1 SLR(R) 663 (“Man Financial”) the
Court of Appeal stated at [79] that “there cannot be a bare and blatant
restriction of the freedom to trade” and there must be a “legitimate
proprietary interest which the court will then seek to protect by way of the
doctrine of restraint of trade” [emphasis in original]. Therefore, the first
issue I have to consider is whether or not the Defendant had a legitimate
proprietary interest which it sought to protect via the Non-Competition
Undertaking.

84 In this regard the Defendant has identified “client and trade connections”
as the legitimate proprietary interest that it seeks to protect with the Non-
Competition Undertaking. It cites Lek Gwee Noi v Humming Flowers & Gifts Pte
Ltd [2014] 3 SLR 27 (“Humming Flowers”) at [75] which states:

On the facts of this case, I am satisfied that the defendant has a legitimate
interest in protecting its trade connection as against the plaintiff. The
plaintiff was the defendant’s sales manager, and therefore a senior sales
figure in the defendant. She admits that she has established personal
relationships and rapport with the defendant’s customers … The defendant’s
business … is in large part built on its ability to establish rapport with its
customers and to attract repeat custom. I am therefore satisfied that the
extent of the plaintiff’s knowledge of, and her influence over, the customers
of the defendant means that the defendant has a legitimate interest in
protecting its trade connection against interference by the plaintiff post-
termination. [emphasis added]

85 I find Humming Flowers to be on all fours with the present case. The
Plaintiff’s role was to be the “person-in-charge” for the Defendant’s Cement
Products business in Vietnam, Bangladesh and the Philippines. Essentially, his
job was to build rapport with these customers and establish trade connections
on behalf of the Defendant.

86 During the trial, the Plaintiff sought to downplay the connections that he
had with the cement buyers and suppliers in these countries, by stating that
he could not make decisions without approval from the Defendant’s management.
This does not mean he did not have trade and client connections when he was
working for the Defendant. In fact, the evidence shows that he had developed a
strong base of customers in the Cement Products trade. First, the
contemporaneous evidence of the Plaintiff’s email correspondence with DW2 on
the Manila Meeting shows that he believed himself to be the person most
familiar with “all the parties and details” (see [17] above). The Plaintiff
also claimed that he was the one who had started the discussions between the
parties. Second, it is evident that the Plaintiff had significant influence
and standing with customers, given that he was able to convince the Managing
Director of Vissai to accompany him to Manila to meet with representatives
from Big Boss. Third, it was undisputed that the Plaintiff had bought
expensive gifts for his customers, and also arranged for free samples to be
sent to them, all on the Defendant’s account. Fourth, the Plaintiff’s
familiarity and relationship with DIC as a result of his prior dealings when
he was with the Defendant enabled him to secure an employment with them a day
after leaving the Defendant.

87 Given the Plaintiff’s knowledge and influence over the customers in
Vietnam, Bangladesh and the Philippines, he could have easily diverted
business away from the Defendant to himself or his new employer. Therefore, as
was the case in Humming Flowers, I find that the Defendant had a legitimate
interest in protecting its trade connections by way of the Non-Competition
Undertaking from interference by the Plaintiff post-resignation.

Issue (f): whether the scope of the Non-Competition Undertaking was reasonable

88 Having found that the Defendant has a legitimate proprietary interest to
protect by way of the Non-Competition Undertaking, I now turn to assess
whether the scope of the Non-Competition Undertaking was reasonable.

89 In Man Financial at [75], the Court of Appeal stated that the test for
reasonableness in Singapore has two aspects. First, the court would consider
whether the restrictive covenant was “reasonable as between the parties
themselves” [emphasis in original]. Second, the court would then turn to
consider separately whether the restrictive covenant was reasonable in the
interests of the public. With regard to the second aspect of reasonableness
relating to the interests of the public, the Court stated at [77] that this
would ensure the impact of local circumstances is taken into account in
determining the reasonableness of the restrictive covenant. To illustrate, the
Court of Appeal cited Thomas Cowan & Co Ltd v Orme [1961] MLJ 41, where it was
held at [43] that if the defendant was not allowed to operate, this would have
given the plaintiffs a virtual monopoly in Singapore. F A Chua J further
observed that since the defendant had started operations, prices had fallen
while service standards had not, and this was beneficial to consumers.
Therefore, Chua J found that it was not reasonable in the public interest to
uphold the restrictive covenant in that case.

90 Having laid out the test for reasonableness, I now turn to examine the Non-
Competition Undertaking itself. The Defendant has elected to analyse the
reasonableness of the Non-Competition Undertaking by dividing it into three
parts, ie, the activity scope, the geographical scope and the temporal scope.
I agree with this method of analysis, but would add that in order for the Non-
Competition Undertaking to satisfy the test of reasonableness, all three
scopes would have to be reasonable.

Activity scope

91 Beginning first with the activity scope, the Non-Competition Undertaking
prohibits employees of the Defendant from dealing in “Restricted Goods” and
“Restricted Services”. “Restricted Goods” and “Restricted Services” are
defined as products and services that the employee was involved with during
the 12 months immediately preceding the date of termination of his employment.
In the Plaintiff’s case, it is clear that these “Restricted Goods” and
“Restricted Services” are the products and services relating to Cement
Products which the Plaintiff had been trading in during his time with the
Defendant. While employed by the Defendant, the Plaintiff was engaged in the
cement section. Furthermore, the documentary evidence shows that in March
2016, the Plaintiff was involved in a trade for gypsum. In November 2015, the
Plaintiff was involved in a trade for clinker. These trades had taken place
within the 12 months preceding the end of the Plaintiff’s employment on 30
June 2016. Therefore, it cannot be disputed that the Cement Products, in
particular gypsum and clinker, and the related services provided in the
trading of these products, would be considered as “Restricted Goods” and
“Restricted Services” for the Plaintiff.

92 In PH Hydraulics & Engineering Pte Ltd v Intrepid Offshore Construction Pte
Ltd and another [2012] 4 SLR 36 (“PH Hydraulics”), Tay Yong Kwang J (as he
then was) held at [67] that a restrictive covenant preventing the defendant
from engaging in the design and manufacture of marine hydraulic and electrical
installations was reasonable. This is because the activity sought to be
restricted was the specific area of business that the defendant employee had
been involved with, and the restrictive covenant “did not amount to a blanket
prohibition to work for the marine industry”.

93 Similarly, in the present case, the Non-Competition Undertaking seeks only
to prevent the Plaintiff from engaging in the same area of business that he
was involved in while he was employed by the Defendant. It does not impose a
blanket ban on the Plaintiff against all forms of commodity trading that the
Defendant was involved in. Indeed, at the beginning of the trial the Plaintiff
told the court that he was currently self-employed as a coal trader. The
Plaintiff also admitted to having prior experience in trading wood products.
He is not prevented from trading in these other commodities by the Non-
Competition Undertaking although the Defendant was also involved in these
trades and more. Therefore, it cannot be said that the Defendant is depriving
him of his livelihood. Thus, I find that the activity scope of the Non-
Competition Undertaking was reasonable as between the parties. Even if the
Plaintiff were prevented from trading in Cement Products, this would not
damage the public interest given that suppliers and consumers of such Cement
Products would still have other alternatives available to them. The Plaintiff
is also not prohibited from engaging in the Cement Product trade in Singapore.
Therefore, I consider the activity scope of the Non-Competition Undertaking to
be reasonable in the interests of the public.

Geographical scope

94 The next issue is the geographical scope. The Non-Competition Undertaking
prohibits employees from dealing in the “Restricted Area”. This is defined as
the area constituting the market of the Defendant and its affiliates for the
“Restricted Goods” and “Restricted Services”. Reading the definition of
“Restricted Area”, “Restricted Goods” and “Restricted Services” together, this
means that the Plaintiff is prevented from dealing in the countries which he
had been involved with during the 12 months preceding the last day of his
employment. While the Plaintiff has been involved in trades to Oman, Indonesia
and other countries, the Defendant is contending that the “Restricted Area”
for the Plaintiff is confined only to Bangladesh, Vietnam and the Philippines.

95 I accept that the Plaintiff had been involved in trades to Vietnam and the
Philippines in the 12 months preceding the date of his resignation from the
Defendant. In March 2016, he handled a trade of gypsum from Oman to Vietnam.
Technically, Oman would appear to have come under the “Restricted Area” if it
was one of the Defendant’s markets. However, Oman is not pleaded in the
Defendant’s counterclaim. In November 2015, the Plaintiff handled a trade of
clinker from Vietnam to the Philippines. Therefore, Vietnam and the
Philippines would fall under the “Restricted Area” in the Non-Competition
Undertaking.

96 However, the Defendant’s contention that Bangladesh falls within the
“Restricted Area” cannot be justified as it fails to satisfy the burden of
proof that Bangladesh was a “Restricted Area” within the 12-month period. The
documentary evidence before the court in the form of the delivery memos shows
that the last trade the Plaintiff handled involving Bangladesh was in May
2015. This would be outside of the 12-month period as specified in the Non-
Competition Undertaking. This is also corroborated by the Plaintiff’s
statement that DW2 had restricted the Plaintiff’s dealings in Bangladesh. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Steve’s Affidavit, para 16.

Therefore, in my view, the “Restricted Area” for the Plaintiff should only be
confined to Vietnam and the Philippines.

97 In Buckman Laboratories (Asia) Pte Ltd v Lee Wei Hoong [1999] 1 SLR(R) 205
(“Buckman”), Judith Prakash J (as she then was) held at [24] that a reasonable
restrictive covenant would have limited the restriction to countries in which
the employee had actual and significant customer contacts. On the facts of
Buckman, the geographical scope of the restrictive covenant included countries
where the defendant employee had never done any work, and was never exposed to
any of the customers. Therefore, this was one factor for Prakash J’s holding
that the restrictive covenant was an unreasonable restraint of trade.

98 In the present case, however, it has been established that the Plaintiff
did have actual and significant customer contacts in Vietnam and the
Philippines. In fact, he was able to arrange for a meeting between Vietnamese
suppliers and Filipino buyers of Cement Products. Therefore, I find the
geographical scope of the Non-Competition Undertaking to be reasonable as
between the parties. Similarly, because this restriction would not adversely
impact competition in each of these markets, I also find it to be reasonable
in the interests of the public.

99 As a final point on the reasonableness of the geographical scope, I note
that for some very big countries which span across a very large geographical
area, it may be unreasonable to restrict activity in the entire country when
the company may only conduct business in a few cities. In that light, I had
queried counsel for the Defendant on whether it was unreasonable for the Non-
Competition Undertaking to cover the entirety of Vietnam and the Philippines,
when the Defendant mainly did business in Ho Chi Minh City and Manila.

100 In response, the Defendant cited the English High Court case of Kerchiss v
Colora Printing [1960] RPC 235 at 241, which stated that it is sufficient for
the ex-employee to have sufficient goodwill in the prohibited countries. The
court does not require the employer to prove sales in every part of the
prohibited countries. This seems consonant with the practice of geographical
boundaries most commonly being demarcated along state lines. Therefore, even
though the Plaintiff was dealing mainly with customers who operated in
specific cities, it is reasonable for the Non-Competition Undertaking to
restrict activity in Vietnam and the Philippines as the cement trade of the
Defendant is conducted in the cities of these countries.

101 However, if the prohibited country is very big, such as China and the
United States of America which have many major cities in which commerce and
trade are done on a large scale, the situation may be different and the issue
of reasonableness will be put to the test if the Non-Competition Undertaking
is to cover the whole of such country. At the end of the day it is not one
size fits all. The issue of reasonableness on the geographical coverage for
the Non-Competition Undertaking will have to depend on the facts of each case.

Temporal scope

102 The Non-Competition Undertaking restricts employees from being involved in
“Restricted Goods” and “Restricted Services” in the “Restricted Area” for a
period of two years. The Defendant has cited a number of local cases where
restrictive covenants with a temporal scope of two years have been upheld. One
such case is Heller Factoring (Singapore) Ltd v Ng Tong Yang [1993] 1 SLR(R)
495 (“Heller Factoring”), which stated at [21] that “[t]he period of restraint
should only be long enough for the danger of interference by the ex-employee
to wear away.” In PH Hydraulics the Court similarly upheld a two-year
restrictive covenant. One of the factors cited at [67] was that the industry
in question was a highly specialised one, as was the case in Heller Factoring.

103 In the present case, the Defendant has argued that the two-year
restriction is necessary because it takes time to build up customer
connections in the Cement Products industry. It pointed out that the Plaintiff
took about four years to build up his customer connections, and the Defendant
would require at least two years to allow the Plaintiff’s replacement to try
and rebuild those same contacts, without any interference from the Plaintiff.
Indeed, if the Plaintiff was not prohibited from dealing in these products
which he has become familiar with, it would be difficult for a newcomer to the
market to build up his own customer connections. Furthermore, I note that the
present case involves the trading of Cement Products, which is a specialised
industry. Therefore, having regard to the purpose of the Non-Competition
Undertaking, a temporal scope of two years is in my view reasonable.

104 For completeness, I shall deal with a point which I had queried parties
on. This pertained to the inclusion of the Defendant’s affiliates (amounting
to about 200 worldwide) within the scope of the Non-Competition Undertaking
and whether or not this rendered the Non-Competition Undertaking overly wide
and hence unreasonable. In this regard I am satisfied that on a proper
construction of the Non-Competition Undertaking, the definitions of
“Restricted Goods”, “Restricted Services” and “Restricted Area” serve to
curtail the seemingly far-ranging scope brought about by the inclusion of the
term “affiliates”. I would also note that the restrictive covenant in PH
Hydraulics, which the Court in that case had found to be reasonable, also
prohibited employees from engaging in the business of the employer and its
associated companies. Therefore, the mere inclusion of the term “affiliates”
does not render the Non-Competition Undertaking unreasonably wide.

Summary on the validity of the Non-Competition Undertaking

105 In summary, I find that the activity scope, geographical scope and
temporal scope of the Non-Competition Undertaking to be reasonable as between
the parties and is not against the public interest. Additionally, it serves to
protect the Defendant’s trade connections, which is a legitimate proprietary
interest. Therefore, I find the Non-Competition Undertaking to be valid and
enforceable.

Issue (g): what is the appropriate remedy that should be granted to the
Defendant in light of the Plaintiff’s breach of the Non-Competition
Undertaking

106 The Plaintiff accepts that if the Non-Competition Undertaking is valid, he
has breached it by virtue of his employment with DIC, a company that deals
with Cement Products in Vietnam, one day after his resignation. This clearly
falls afoul of the activity scope, geographical scope and temporal scope of
the Non-Competition Undertaking. Therefore, the next issue for me to consider
is the appropriate remedy to grant the Defendant.

Injunction

107 The primary relief sought by the Defendant is an injunction on the
specific terms, as set out in the Non-Competition Undertaking, to be imposed
on the Plaintiff until 29 June 2018.

108 The High Court case of Heller Factoring provides some guidance as to what
the court should consider in determining whether to grant an injunction to
enforce a restrictive covenant. The Court in that case drew a distinction
between an ex-employee who has threatened to breach the restrictive covenant
and one who has not. The Court observed at [17] that the defendant had issued
a tacit assertion of entitlement and threatened to poach the plaintiffs’
customers. The defendant regarded the factoring business as a free and
competitive one, and to him it was “fair game” to poach the plaintiffs’
customers by using their proprietary information. Given the defendant’s
proclivity for breaching the restrictive covenant, the Court held that an
injunction would be warranted so as to better enforce it.

109 In the present case, the Plaintiff has demonstrated this same proclivity
to breach his obligations under the Non-Competition Undertaking. First, he was
appointed as the exclusive agent of DIC one day after his resignation from the
Defendant. Second, he acted as agent for Vissai and again set up a meeting
between Vissai and Big Boss. Third, he attempted to establish connections with
other Vietnamese cement companies such as Longson Cement through his corporate
vessel of Changfa which he had set up when he left the Defendant. All of these
actions had taken place well within the two-year restriction period that was
imposed on him by the Non-Competition Undertaking. The Plaintiff also admitted
under cross-examination that since he knew Eagle Cement personally, it was
“fair game” for him to deal with them after leaving the Defendant. Under these
circumstances, I am of the view that an injunction should also be imposed on
the Plaintiff, according to the terms as set out in the Non-Competition
Undertaking. This injunction would be to restrain the Plaintiff from dealing
in Cement Products in Vietnam and the Philippines from the date of my order to
29 June 2018 as the operative two-year period under the Non-Competition
Undertaking runs from 30 June 2016 to 29 June 2018.

110 I am satisfied that the imposition of an injunction to restrict the
Plaintiff from dealing in Cement Products in Vietnam and the Philippines for a
period of two years would not be so severe as to deprive him of his
livelihood. As I have alluded to above, the Plaintiff is still free to trade
in other commodities which he is familiar with. The Plaintiff could also
choose to trade in Cement Products in non-restricted countries. Indeed, he has
demonstrated his ability to deal in different commodities such as wood and
coal, and he has even had some dealings in Cement Products in Oman and
Indonesia where the Non-Competition Undertaking does not apply. He could also
trade in Cement Products in Singapore. Therefore, this buttresses my decision
to impose the injunction on the Plaintiff that will take effect from the date
of my order to 29 June 2018.

Damages for breach of the Non-Competition Undertaking

111 The Defendant has also claimed, as part of its relief for the Plaintiff’s
breach of the Non-Competition Undertaking, damages in addition to the
injunction.

112 I shall address the methods for computation of damages that were suggested
by the Defendant. The first of which is the approach adopted in Merlin
Financial Consultants v Cooper [2014] IRLR 610 (“Merlin”). In that case, the
Court calculated damages for the breach of a non-compete clause by considering
the actual revenue figures of the business generated by the defendant employee
in the year preceding the end of his employment. The Court then applied the
appropriate discount rates to this past figure and projected two years into
the future, on the basis that this would have been the amount that the
plaintiff employer would have made had the defendant not breached his non-
compete clause.

113 In Merlin, there was evidence to show that the defendant’s departure and
subsequent breach of the non-compete clause was a direct cause of the
plaintiff losing its customers. At [74], it was stated that the plaintiff had
written to a few of its leaving customers inviting them to stay, but they had
replied saying that they had been with the defendant for a number of years and
would prefer to stay with him. Therefore, the method that was applied by the
Court in Merlin was a means of quantifying a loss that had been proven to be
causally connected to the breach of the defendant. Notably, such a causal
connection is absent on the facts of the present case. Therefore, I do not
find the approach taken in Merlin to be directly applicable here.

114 Alternatively, the Defendant argues that damages can be assessed based on
“Wrotham Park Damages”, a term which was popularised by the case of Wrotham
Park Estate Co Ltd v Parkside Homes Ltd [1974] 1 WLR 798. In that case, the
defendant’s land was subject to a restrictive covenant which provided that the
defendant could only build on the land with the claimant’s consent. In breach
of this covenant, the defendant built 14 houses on the land without the
claimant’s consent. The claimant applied for a mandatory injunction for the
houses to be demolished. However, the Court declined to grant the mandatory
injunction on the basis that it would be socially wasteful to demolish the
houses. Therefore, the Court awarded damages in lieu of the injunction
calculated on the basis of the sum that would have hypothetically been
demanded by the claimant in exchange for relaxing the covenant. Hence, Wrotham
Park Damages are calculated on the basis of a hypothetical bargain between
parties for the price to be charged in exchange for the relaxation of a
restrictive covenant.

115 While I note that the applicability of Wrotham Park Damages in Singapore
law has been affirmed by the High Court in Clearlab SG Pte Ltd v Ting Chong
Chai and others [2015] 1 SLR 163 (“Clearlab”) at [335], I am of the view that
the present case is not an appropriate one for the award of such damages.
First, even though Wrotham Park Damages is based on the hypothetical bargain
between the parties, no evidence has been placed before the court as to what
sum the Defendant would have accepted in exchange for waiving the Non-
Competition Undertaking. Therefore, it would be straying too far into the
realm of speculation for the court to simply pluck a number from thin air and
use that as the measure of damages. Second, Wrotham Park Damages are typically
awarded in lieu of a mandatory injunction. Given that I have decided to grant
the injunction sought by the Defendant, it would not be appropriate for me to
also award Wrotham Park Damages, as that would be akin to allowing double
recovery. Hence, I would also decline to grant Wrotham Park Damages as an
alternative to the approach in Merlin.

116 Given that I have decided to grant the injunction that was sought, it
would appear that there is no need for me to consider the issue of damages.
However, the period of restriction under the Non-Competition Undertaking began
on 30 June 2016 and was meant to last to 29 June 2018. As at the time of the
trial, we were already in the middle of the first quarter of 2018. Therefore,
given that no injunction was granted before the court order, it would be fair
to consider whether damages should be awarded during that period, and if so,
in what quantum. The burden is on the Defendant to satisfy that it had
suffered damages or losses as a result of the Plaintiff’s breach of the Non-
Competition Undertaking. The Defendant has failed to produce any evidence to
show the nexus between the Plaintiff’s breach of the Non-Competition
Undertaking and the loss, if any, suffered by the Defendant. Counsel for the
Defendant admitted during the oral closing submissions that he was unable to
establish that the losses were attributable to the Plaintiff: 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE, 9 March 2018, p 90:6–90:9.

Court: So do we have evidence? That’s what I mean.

Tay: Sir, I need to be candid. We have evidence of a drop in business.

Court: Yes. But—

Tay: But I can’t show a one-for-one match.

In my view, this “drop in business” could be attributed to a number of
factors. It could have been due to an economic downturn, changing business
cycles or any number of other factors. Additionally, customers may choose to
come and go for a variety of reasons. Without actual evidence to show that it
was the Plaintiff’s breach that had directly led to the Defendant’s customers
taking their business elsewhere and hence the drop in business, I could not
attribute the loss suffered by the Defendant to the Plaintiff.

117 However, I acknowledge that the Plaintiff has breached the Non-Competition
Undertaking and he has demonstrated a blatant disregard for the restrictions
that have been placed on him. Therefore, in addition to the grant of the
injunction, I would order nominal damages of $1,000 to be paid by the
Plaintiff to the Defendant.

Summary

118 In summary, I allow the Plaintiff’s claim as the contemporaneous evidence
shows that the parties had entered into a binding contract for the Severance
Package to be paid to the Plaintiff in exchange for his resignation. The Non-
Competition Undertaking was not an express or implied condition precedent for
the payment of the Severance Package. These were two independent contracts and
there was no reason for the obligations under each of them to be fused.

119 However, one of the components of the Severance Package was labelled “ex
gratia” and hence cannot be strictly enforced by the Plaintiff.

120 I also allow the Defendant’s counterclaim as I find the Non-Competition
Undertaking to be reasonable and not unnecessarily wide. It serves to protect
the Defendant’s trade connections which in my view is a legitimate proprietary
interest. Therefore, by taking up employment with a Vietnamese cement company
a mere day after his resignation, the Plaintiff has undoubtedly breached the
Non-Competition Undertaking.

Conclusion

121 For the aforesaid reasons, I would allow the Plaintiff’s claim in part, to
the sum of $53,419. I would also allow the Defendant’s counterclaim for an
injunction to restrict the Plaintiff from dealing in Cement Products in
Vietnam and the Philippines up to 29 June 2018. Additionally, nominal damages
in the sum of $1,000 are to be offset from the sum due from the Defendant to
the Plaintiff.

122 I shall now deal with the issue of costs. As the Plaintiff has succeeded
in his claim he is entitled to costs. The Defendant has also succeeded in his
counterclaim and thus is entitled to costs as well. The respective costs are
to be taxed if not agreed by the parties.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge

Mansurhusain Akbar Hussein and Remesha Chandran Pillai (Jacob Mansur & Pillai)
for the plaintiff;  
Tay Yong Seng and Ang Ann Liang (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

