Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of Appeal of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGCA 53

Civil Appeal No 119 of 2017

Between

BML  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Comptroller of Income Tax  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Revenue Law] — [Income taxation] — [Deduction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BML

  

v

  

Comptroller of Income Tax

[2018] SGCA 53

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 119 of 2017  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Tay Yong Kwang JA and Steven Chong JA  
6 February 2018

29 August 2018 Judgment reserved.

Tay Yong Kwang JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal deals with the issue of the deductibility of interest paid on
bonds issued by a taxpayer to its shareholders in the course of a capital
restructuring exercise. The appellant (“the Taxpayer”) is a company which owns
and operates a mall in the western region of Singapore (“the Mall”). The
Taxpayer’s two shareholder companies (“the Shareholders”) own 50% each of the
issued share capital of the Taxpayer. In 2004, the Taxpayer conducted a
securitisation exercise (“the Securitisation Exercise”) followed by a capital
restructuring exercise which was effected in two steps: (a) a capital
reduction exercise (“the Capital Reduction Exercise”) followed by (b) a bond
issue to the Shareholders (“the Shareholder Bonds”). This capital
restructuring exercise in effect converted the Shareholders’ equity in the
Taxpayer into a debt investment.

2 The issue before us is whether the Shareholder Bonds constitute “capital
employed in acquiring the income” of the Taxpayer such that the interest paid
on them is deductible under s 14(1)(a) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2014
Rev Ed) (“ITA”). The Taxpayer argues that the interest expense was deductible
because the Shareholder Bonds enabled the Taxpayer to retain the Mall and were
represented by the Taxpayer’s income-producing assets. The Comptroller of
Income Tax (“the CIT”) disallowed the deduction on the basis that the Taxpayer
failed to show a direct link between the Shareholder Bonds and the acquisition
of the income against which the deductions were sought.

The background facts

The Securitisation Exercise

3 On 17 September 2004, [WM] Limited (“WM”) was incorporated by the Taxpayer
as a special purpose vehicle. Following from this, a number of transactions
took place involving WM, its two Shareholders and the Taxpayer. We attach in
the Annexures to this judgment two diagrams tendered by the CIT to the Income
Tax Board of Review (“ITBR”) to aid in the understanding of the said
transactions and the flow of funds resulting from them.

4 On 27 October 2004, WM raised $520m by a bond issue. Of the $520m raised,
the Shareholders subscribed to $205m of subordinated junior bonds. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

ROA Vol 3, Part A at p 244.

The Shareholders considered it crucial for them to subscribe to these junior
bonds because, first, it would have been “practically impossible” to find
third party investors willing to subscribe to these bonds at the interest rate
of 4.05%, and second, the Shareholders’ subscription would signal confidence
in the Mall’s performance to other potential investors. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROA Vol 3, Part A at pp 244–245.

5 Subsequently, WM lent the $520m raised from the bond issue to the Taxpayer
under a facility agreement (“the WM Loan”) at an effective interest rate of
3.728% per annum. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROA Vol 3, Part A at pp 113–155; ROA Vol 3, Part A at p 110.

The WM Loan was made in consideration of periodic interest payable by the
Taxpayer to WM and was secured by, among other things: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

2CB6.

(a) a fixed charge over a set of accounts to be opened and maintained by the
Taxpayer, and

(b) an assignment of the Taxpayer’s rights over the tenancy agreements and
rental income from the Mall.

6 The amount of the WM Loan, ie, $520m, was in line with the full market value
of the Mall, which was valued in 2004 at $525m. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

2CB6; ROA Vol 3, Part A at p 178.

According to the Taxpayer, it chose to assign its rights to the rental income
from the Mall as security for the WM Loan so that it could continue to own and
operate the Mall, which was at that time its only income-earning asset. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROA Vol 3, Part A at p 6.

7 The Taxpayer applied the $520m obtained from the WM Loan in the following
manner:

(a) $170m was used to refinance pre-existing borrowings;

(b) $17m was used as working capital; and

(c) $333m was lent to the Shareholders pursuant to loan agreements dated 20
October 2004, under which $166.5m was advanced to each Shareholder on an
unsecured basis at an interest rate of 3.78% per annum (“the Shareholder
Advances”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Respondent’s Case at para 4; ROA Vol 3, Part A at p 110.

The stated purpose of the Shareholder Advances was to enable the Shareholders
to subscribe to the subordinated junior bonds issued by WM 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROA Vol 3, Part A at p 246.

and to allow their use as general working capital. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Respondent’s Case at para 2(b).

8 Following the Securitisation Exercise, the Taxpayer’s primary income-
generating assets were (a) the interest income from the Shareholder Advances
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROA Vol 3, Part A at p 110.

and (b) the rental income from the Mall. For the financial years ending 31
December 2004 through to 2008, the Taxpayer’s total assets ranged between
approximately $889m and $996m. During this period, the Mall was valued at
between $525m and $614m while the Shareholder Advances remained at a
consistent $333m. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROA Vol 3, Part A at p 6.

9 At the same time, the Taxpayer had to pay WM interest on the WM Loan. CIT
allowed the Taxpayer to deduct the full amount of interest expense incurred on
the WM Loan under s 14(1)(a) of the ITA. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

2CB7.

The capital restructuring exercise

10 Following the Securitisation Exercise, the Taxpayer engaged in a two-step
restructuring of its capital structure, involving first the Capital Reduction
Exercise and thereafter the issuance of the Shareholder Bonds.

11 Prior to 26 November 2004, the Taxpayer had a paid-up share capital of
$10.2m. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Respondent’s Case at para 6; ROA Vol 3, Part A at p 31; ROA Vol 5, Part B at p
66.

On 26 November 2004, at an extraordinary general meeting of the Taxpayer, the
Shareholders resolved to reduce the share capital of the Taxpayer by the
following steps: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROA Vol 3, Part A at pp 18–19.

(a) capitalise a sum of $325.3m (comprising $37m from retained earnings,
$268.3m from the asset revaluation reserve and $20m from the capital
redemption reserve); and thereafter,

(b) reduce its share capital by $333m (from $335.5m to $2.5m) by a return of
the sum to the Shareholders in proportion to their shareholding.

12 On 2 December 2004, the Capital Reduction Exercise was approved by the High
Court. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROA Vol 5, Part B at pp 4–9.

This brought about two consequences: (a) the Taxpayer was left with a paid-up
share capital of only $2.5m and (b) a debt of $333m became immediately due and
payable by the Taxpayer to the Shareholders.

13 On 15 December 2004, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ROA Vol 5, Part A at p 4.

in place of the debt of $333m immediately due to the Shareholders, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ROA Vol 3, Part A at p 7.

the Taxpayer decided to issue the Shareholder Bonds, which were fixed rate
subordinated bonds for an aggregate amount of $333m. The Shareholder Bonds
carried interest of 7.1% per annum and would mature in 2011. Each of the
Shareholders subscribed to 50% of the issue. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ROA Vol 3, Part A at pp 8 and 42.

The Shareholder Bonds thus formed part of the Taxpayer’s capital 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

2CB9.

and they apparently allowed the Taxpayer to meet its capital needs after the
Capital Reduction Exercise. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROA Vol 5, Part A at p 5; ROA Vol 3, Part A at pp 42–43 (cl 3.2 of the
Resolution).

According to the affidavit of a director of the Taxpayer: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROA Vol 3, Part A at p 8.

11 The decision to issue the Shareholder Bonds was necessary to complete the
restructuring of the Shareholder’s holding in the [Taxpayer] from equity to
debt without any disruption of the [Taxpayer’s] ownership of and its business
of operating the Mall. …

12 The issuance of the Shareholder Bonds was a practical financing option,
absent of which, the [Taxpayer] would have been unable to satisfy its
obligations arising as a result of the Capital Reduction Exercise without a
sale of the Mall, which was the Company’s only income producing asset, or
obtaining alternative finance. Neither of these alternative courses were
considered. First, it was the intention of the [Taxpayer] to continue its
business of owning and operating the Mall. Second, obtaining new financing
from third party banks would likely be too costly as a result of the early
securitisation exercise.

14 Further, the Shareholder Bonds apparently provided comfort to the Taxpayer
as there would be no danger of the Shareholders calling on the debt so long as
interest on the bond was paid in a timely manner.

15 Collectively, the Capital Reduction Exercise and the issuance of the
Shareholder Bonds gave effect to an equity-to-debt restructuring of the
Taxpayer’s capital by replacing the Shareholders’ equity in the company with
debt in the Shareholder Bonds. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ROA Vol 3, Part A, p 7.

This capital restructuring exercise was said to serve two purposes:

(a) First, it allowed the Shareholders to earn interest rather than dividends.
Unlike dividends, interest payments are independent of the Taxpayer’s ability
to service the WM Loan. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

2CB7; ROA Vol 3, Part A at p 50.

This restructuring therefore addressed the anticipated problem that the
Taxpayer’s ability to pay dividends would be heavily curtailed after the
Securitisation Exercise. Further, interest payments also allowed the
Shareholders’ return on investment to be exempted from capital maintenance
rules imposed by the Companies Act (Cap 19, 2008 Rev Ed). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

2CB7.

(b) Second, it was said that the restructuring of the Shareholders’ investment
was “timely” given the transition from an imputation system to a one-tier
system of taxing corporate profits. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ROA Vol 3, Part A at p 50.

The contested Notices of Assessment

16 Between 2005 and 2009, the Taxpayer paid interest of 7.1% per annum to the
Shareholders on the Shareholder Bonds (“the Interest Expense”).

17 The deductibility of the Interest Expense under s 14(1)(a) of the ITA is
the subject of contention here and below. The Taxpayer sought to deduct it
from its chargeable income in the Years of Assessment (“YAs”) 2005 to 2009.
The CIT disallowed the deductions and issued Notices of Refusal to Amend in
respect of each of the Taxpayer’s objections against the five assessments for
YAs 2005 to 2009. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ROA Vol 5, Part A at pp 6–7.

18 The contested interest expense in each YA is tabulated as follows: 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ROA Vol 5, Part A at p 6.

Year of assessment| Interest Expense in contention (S$)  
---|---  
2005| 1,101,181  
2006| 23,643,000  
2007| 23,643,000  
2008| 23,643,000  
2009| 23,643,000  
Total| 95,673,181  
  
The decision below

Income Tax Board of Review

19 On 21 November 2013, the Taxpayer filed five Notices of Appeals to the ITBR
against the CIT’s decision to disallow the deduction of the Interest Expense.
28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ROA Vol 5, Part A at p 7.

20 On 8 November 2016, the ITBR issued its decision affirming the CIT’s
decision (“the ITBR Judgment”).

21 The ITBR started with the legal premise established by this Court in BFC v
Comptroller of Income Tax [2014] 4 SLR 33 (“BFC”) that the Interest Expense
would be deductible even if it was capital expenditure falling within s
15(1)(c) of the ITA so long as it satisfied s 14(1)(a). On this premise, the
ITBR found that the Interest Expense was not deductible for the following
reasons:

(a) There was no direct link between the incurring of the Interest Expense and
the rental income from the Mall. The securitisation and capital reduction had
no impact on the generation of rental income, which covered the operating
expenses of the Mall. The Shareholder Bonds were not needed to preserve the
Mall as there was no reason to think that the Shareholders would compel the
Taxpayer to sell the Mall to satisfy the debt following the Capital Reduction
Exercise. See ITBR Judgment at [26] and [28].

(b) The case of Zeta Estates Ltd v Commissioner of Inland Revenue [2007] HKLRD
102 (“Zeta Estates”), relied upon by the Taxpayer in support of a “balance
sheet test” instead of the direct link test, was to be treated with caution as
the relevant section of the Hong Kong Inland Revenue Ordinance (Cap 112) (HK)
(“HK IRO”) was “more liberal” than s 14(1)(a) of Singapore’s ITA. Further, the
facts of Zeta Estates were materially distinguishable. See ITBR Judgment at
[31]–[34].

(c) Third, the Shareholder Bonds were not substituted financing. The ITBR
construed “substituted financing” narrowly to refer only to debt refinancing
and not equity-to-debt restructuring. Since the Shareholder Bonds did not
replace any loan, the cases on “substituted financing” did not assist the
Taxpayer. See ITBR Judgment at [35]–[36].

22 The ITBR was “unmoved” by the commercial justifications underpinning the
capital restructuring. These justifications and considerations did not justify
tax deductibility. See ITBR Judgment at [38].

High Court

23 On 29 November 2016, the Taxpayer appealed to the High Court against the
whole of the ITBR Judgment. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ROA Vol 2 at pp 7–10.

On 5 June 2017, the High Court judge (“the Judge”) dismissed the Taxpayer’s
appeal in BML v Comptroller of Income Tax [2017] SGHC 118 (“the HC Judgment”).

24 Applying the Court of Appeal’s decision in BFC, the Judge’s starting legal
premise was that s 14(1)(a) of the ITA was an exception to the prohibition
against deduction of capital expenditure in s 15(1)(c) of the ITA. Thus, the
issue it had to consider was whether the Interest Expense fell within the
scope of s 14(1)(a) (at [7]). In this regard, the Judge affirmed the
applicability of the direct link test (at [19]). The Judge also rejected the
Taxpayer’s submission that “so long as the money borrowed is to obtain capital
that is represented by income-producing assets, the interest payable on such
money borrowed would be on capital employed in acquiring the income from these
assets” (at [11]).

25 The Judge then examined three factors which the Taxpayer alleged that the
CIT should not have had regard to, bearing in mind that the court should be
slow to interfere with the CIT’s discretion because the ITA conferred on the
CIT “a wide discretion in deciding which and to what extent those factors are
relevant” (at [20]):

(a) First, whether the money borrowed had an observable effect on the income
against which deduction was sought is a relevant factor (at [22]). If the only
perceptible change caused by a transaction is to the capital structure of the
company, with no ostensible effect on income and no acquisition of assets, the
money borrowed may not be directly linked to the income-earning operations (at
[23]). That link was not present in this case as a large part of the $333m
payable to the Shareholders after the Capital Reduction Exercise had been
capitalized from the company’s asset revaluation reserve (at [27]).

(b) Second, the purpose for which money was borrowed is relevant. It does not
in itself prove a direct link, or sever the link, but it is “relevant in some
cases to show how the capital had been used, especially when the statute
itself implies a purpose such as the acquisition of income.” (at [30]). It may
be that where there are two purposes for which money is borrowed, one to
produce income and the other to obtain a capital advantage, then even if the
latter is the dominant purpose, it should not automatically sever the direct
link between the money borrowed and income produced (at [31]). However, this
was not such a case as the Taxpayer had from the outset intended to conduct an
equity-to-debt restructuring (at [32]).

(c) Third, the necessity of the borrowing in order to preserve income-earning
assets is relevant (at [33]). Here, the Shareholder Bonds were needed to
replace the missing capital following the Capital Reduction Exercise (at
[35]). However, “something more is needed beyond the loan simply being
necessary for the taxpayer to avoid selling its assets” and that, the Taxpayer
failed to show (at [37]).

26 The Judge observed in conclusion that the court would not intervene without
proof that the CIT had taken into account irrelevant considerations that were
material to its findings or had arrived at an objectively unreasonable result.
Here, the CIT’s decision and the ITBR’s affirmation of it were neither
unreasonable nor wrong. The CIT correctly considered the factors in denying
deduction of the Interest Expense on the Shareholder Bonds from the Mall’s
rental income (at [40]).

The arguments on appeal

27 The Taxpayer filed a Notice of Appeal to this Court against the whole of
the HC Judgment on 28 July 2017. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ROA Vol 2 at pp 3–4.

28 In the present appeal, the Taxpayer submitted that the Interest Expense
should be deductible under s 14(1)(a) of the ITA because the Shareholder Loans
enabled it to retain the Mall and were represented by the Taxpayer’s income-
producing assets which were the Mall and the Shareholder Advances. The
following key arguments, among others, were made:

(a) The Judge construed s 14(1)(a) wrongly. The direct link test is not the
exclusive test under s 14(1)(a). In any event, insofar as the Judge read the
requirement of causation into the direct link test, that is inconsistent with
case law and the statutory scheme of the ITA.

(b) Capital is “employed in acquiring the income” within the meaning of s
14(1)(a) where income-producing assets are retained or are represented by the
said capital. On the facts, the Shareholder Bonds enabled the Taxpayer to
retain the Mall and the Shareholder Advances. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Appellant’s Case at para 42.

These assets produced taxable income for the Taxpayer throughout the relevant
periods. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Appellant’s Case at para 6.

The Interest Expense should therefore be deductible.

(c) The Interest Expense should be deductible under s 14(1)(a) as the present
facts are analogous to three cases in which deductions were either allowed or
were opined to be allowable.

(d) The CIT does not have a wide discretion under s 14(1)(a) to consider all
manner of factors in determining deductibility. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Appellant’s Case at para 110.

29 The CIT’s main argument was that the direct link test applied and that the
test was not satisfied in respect of the Shareholder Bonds. The Interest
Expense should therefore not be deductible. The following key submissions were
made:

(a) The direct link test is the universal test for s 14(1)(a). It is supported
by case authorities 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Respondent’s Case at para 12.

and is easily understood. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Respondent’s Case at para 13.

(b) The test of representation urged by the Taxpayer should be rejected as it
is based on a “strained and narrow reading of Andermatt and unwarranted
extrapolations of foreign case authorities”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Respondent’s Case at para 22.

(c) On the facts, the Shareholder Bonds were not directly linked to the
acquisition of rental income from the Mall. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Respondent’s Case at para 34.

This was because such rental income “was not acquired or retained in
consequence of the interest on Shareholder Bonds”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Respondent’s Case at para 77.

(d) Other factors also showed that the direct link test is not satisfied. For
instance, the Shareholder Bonds had no tangible or perceptive effect on the
Taxpayer’s income or assets. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Respondent’s Case at para 37.

They also did not cause the acquisition of rental income. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Respondent’s Case at para 85(b).

(e) Under s 14(1)(a), the CIT has a discretion in determining if the interest
expense is directly linked to the income from which deduction is sought and
the court should not intervene unless the exercise of discretion is
“unreasonable in a Wednesbury sense”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Respondent’s Case at para 82.

The analysis

Statutory context of s 14(1)(a)

30 Generally, since income tax is levied in respect of only revenue receipts
and not capital receipts, as a corollary, deductions are also allowed only in
respect of revenue expenditure and not capital expenditure. The revenue-
capital distinction is fundamental to the law of income taxation and it “is
not infrequently a matter of considerable difficulty” (BFC at [15]). In BFC,
this Court provided an “adequate working formulation” of the distinction in
the context of expenditures in the following terms (at [12]):

The distinction between capital expenditure and revenue expenditure is that
between ‘the cost of creating, acquiring or enlarging the permanent (which
does not mean perpetual) structure of which the income is to be the produce or
fruit’ on the one hand, and ‘the cost of earning that income itself or
performing the income-earning operations’ on the other.

31 A “composite and integrated approach” to characterizing an item of
expenditure as capital or revenue in nature was also laid down by Andrew Phang
Boon Leong JA sitting in the High Court in ABD Pte Ltd v Comptroller of Income
Tax [2010] 3 SLR 609 (“ABD”) at [71]–[75].

32 The general rule that only revenue expenditure is deductible is enshrined
in and abridged by Part V of the ITA, which is entitled “Deductions against
income”. There are two main provisions in this part: (a) s 14 provides a
general deduction formula and a specific list of deductible expenditures and
(b) s 15 provides a list of non-deductible expenditures. In between, ss 14A to
14ZB of the ITA provide for special and further deductions in relation to
specific types of expenditures (see Pok Soy Yoong, Ng Keat Seng & Steven M
Timms, The Law and Practice of Singapore Income Tax (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2013)
(“Singapore Income Tax”) at para 8.241).

33 The relevant provision in issue here is s 14(1)(a) of the ITA, which reads
as follows:

Deductions allowed

14.—(1) For the purpose of ascertaining the income of any person for any
period from any source chargeable with tax under this Act (referred to in this
Part as the income), there shall be deducted all outgoings and expenses wholly
and exclusively incurred during that period by that person in the production
of the income, including —

(a) except as provided in this section —

(i) any sum payable by way of interest; and

(ii) any sum payable in lieu of interest or for the reduction thereof, as may
be prescribed by regulations (including the restriction of the deduction of
the sum in respect of money borrowed before the basis period relating to the
year of assessment 2008),

upon any money borrowed by that person where the Comptroller is satisfied that
such sum is payable on capital employed in acquiring the income;

[…]

34 Prior to 2007, a different version of s 14(1)(a) of the ITA was in
operation but nothing in this dispute turns on the amendment which was
introduced by the Income Tax (Amendment No 2) Act (Act 53 of 2007).

35 Section 15 of the ITA sets out a list of the types of expenditure that
cannot be deducted in law. In particular, s 15(1)(c) provides for the general
rule prohibiting the deduction of capital expenditures:

Deductions not allowed

15.—(1) Notwithstanding the provisions of this Act, for the purpose of
ascertaining the income of any person, no deduction shall be allowed in
respect of —

…

(c) any capital withdrawn or any sum employed or intended to be employed as
capital except as provided in section 14(1)(h);

…

36 Section 14(1)(h) of the ITA concerns the working of a mine or other source
of mineral deposits and is of no relevance here.

37 The interaction between ss 14(1), 14(1)(a) and 15(1)(c) is an important but
perplexing issue. The High Court and this Court have discussed this issue in
several decisions including T Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax [2005] 4 SLR(R)
285 (which was the High Court decision) and T Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax
[2006] 2 SLR(R) 618 (which was the Court of Appeal decision). Based on this
Court’s decision in BFC at [37]–[42], the current position is that capital
expenditure is generally not deductible under s 15(1)(c) of the ITA. This is
so even if the general deduction formula under s 14(1) is satisfied, since s
14(1) is not an exception to s 15(1)(c). However, since s 14(1)(a) is an
exception to s 15(1)(c), an interest expense will be deductible so long as s
14(1)(a) is satisfied even if it is capital in nature. We appreciate that
there has been some concern with the approach taken in BFC. However, the
difficulties with the proper interaction of s 14(1)(a) and the other
provisions do not arise in this case, which concerns primarily the scope and
factual application of s 14(1)(a) of the ITA. In any event, neither party saw
the need to challenge any of the principles in BFC. Therefore, we will proceed
on the basis of the principles in BFC for present purposes.

The direct link test

38 Under s 14(1)(a) of the ITA, interest paid on a loan is deductible in the
assessment of one’s chargeable income if, among other things, the CIT is
satisfied that the loan constitutes “capital employed in acquiring the
income”. The first issue is therefore what approach governs the analysis of
this phrase, “capital employed in acquiring the income”.

Genesis of the test

39 Traditionally, this phrase is taken to imply a direct link requirement. The
genesis of this direct link test is the Court of Appeal’s decision in
Andermatt Investments Pte Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax [1995] 2 SLR(R) 866
(“Andermatt”) where the court held that the phrase “capital employed in
acquiring the income” in s 14(1)(a) required a direct link between the money
borrowed and the income produced. In that case, the taxpayer company desired
to purchase a property owned by another company. In order to take advantage of
a tax concession in the applicable Stamp Duties Act (Cap 312, 1985 Rev Ed),
the taxpayer decided to acquire the property indirectly by purchasing the
latter company’s shares and thereafter initiating its voluntary winding up,
rather than purchasing the property directly. The shares of the target company
were accordingly acquired by the taxpayer on 8 December 1987. Two months
later, on 8 February 1988, the taxpayer obtained an overdraft facility to
finance the remaining consideration for the prior acquisition of the company.
On 31 March 1988, the property was transferred to the taxpayer pursuant to the
voluntary liquidation of the target company. The issue was whether the
taxpayer was entitled to deduct the interest paid on the overdraft facility
against the rental income derived from the transferred property.

40 The Court of Appeal affirmed the direct link test in the context of s
14(1)(a) and held, on the facts, that the test was not satisfied as the
overdraft had been taken out for the purpose of acquiring the shares of the
target company rather than the property itself which generated the rental
income:

26 Reverting to the problem in hand, it seems to us that at the end of the day
it is the few key words in the section which are going to decide the matter:
“capital employed in acquiring the income”. It is only when the answer to this
question, whether the overdraft was employed in acquiring the rental income,
is in the affirmative that the interest incurred would be deductible from the
rental income. We do not think one should disregard the manner in which the
appellant has gone about arranging the transaction. Whatever may be said to be
the motive behind the arrangement, there is no denying that the overdraft was
used to pay a debt, or the purchase price of the shares from the vendors. …
The overdraft has nothing to do with the acquisition of the … property, except
in the remote sense.

27 We endorse the view that under s 14(1)(a) there must be a direct link
between the money borrowed and the income produced. …

41 The direct link test was next discussed by the Court of Appeal in JD Ltd v
Comptroller of Income Tax [2006] 1 SLR(R) 484 (“JD (CA)”). In that case, the
taxpayer was an investment holding company that received dividend income from
long term equity investments in other companies. Some of these investments did
not produce dividend income while others produced dividend income for only
certain YAs. These investments were financed in part by interest-bearing
loans. The taxpayer sought to claim all the interest expense as deductions
from its total dividend income as a whole. The CIT disagreed, instead allowing
deductions of interest expense only if they were attributable to the specific
share counters that produced income. The Court of Appeal agreed with the CIT
and held that the taxpayer had erred in considering dividend income arising
from a variety of share investment counters as collectively forming a single
source of income against which interest expense was deductible.

42 JD (CA) did not draw a very clear line between the requirements of ss 14(1)
and 14(1)(a) of the ITA. It appears that the primary discussion centered
around the phrase “in the production of the income” in s 14(1). Nevertheless,
the court cited Andermatt’s discussion on s 14(1)(a) and observed that the
words “the income”, rather than “any income”, were used in both ss 14(1) and
14(1)(a) (at [47]). On this premise, the court stated that the direct link
test must be assessed in relation to a particular source of income and not the
taxpayer’s income generally (at [47]):

… This was also upheld in Andermatt where this court, at [27], endorsed the
view that under s 14(1)(a), there must be a direct link between the money
borrowed and the income produced. In our view, this link would clearly be
broken if the dividend income arose from a share investment counter which
purchase was not funded by the loan for which the related interest expense was
sought to be deducted.

43 The third decision of the Court of Appeal citing the direct link test is
BFC, where the court held that s 14(1)(a) was an exception to s 15(1)(c). The
court explained the exception in the following terms (at [41]):

… The effect of s 14(1)(a) is that if some “direct link” (see Andermatt […])
is established between the taxpayer’s income and a loan of a capital nature on
which interest is incurred, the interest payable on the loan is deductible
even though it is capital expenditure.

44 Thus, the direct link test has found support in at least three Court of
Appeal decisions and it is clear that the courts have accepted the direct link
test as a universal test for s 14(1)(a). There was no indication of any desire
or need for the direct link test to be departed from.

Universality of the test

45 In the present case, the Taxpayer contended that the direct link test is
not the exclusive test for s 14(1)(a) of the ITA. There were two parts to its
argument in this regard: first, that Andermatt should be narrowly construed
and distinguished from the present case and second, that the causal inquiry
read by the Judge into the direct link test is incompatible with Andermatt and
the ITA’s statutory framework.

46 We do not agree with either part of the Taxpayer’s argument. In our
judgment, although the direct link test may apply in different ways to
different sets of facts, it is a test of general application under s 14(1)(a)
of the ITA and it applies also to the present case.

47 The Taxpayer’s argument proceeded on the erroneous assumption that the
direct link test rested solely on the authority of Andermatt. Hence, its
arguments focused on distinguishing Andermatt and challenging the other
authorities cited in that case. We accept that Andermatt can be taken as
authority for the narrower proposition that the direct link test would not be
satisfied if there was a mismatch between the source of income actually
derived from the capital and the source of income from which a deduction was
sought. This is supported by the facts of that case, where the overdraft was
committed to the acquisition of the target company’s shares whereas the
deductions were sought against rental income from the property subsequently
transferred to the taxpayer by a voluntary liquidation of that target company.
Hence, the court observed that “[t]he purchase of the shares did not in itself
vest the [property] or the rental income in the [taxpayer]” (at [29]) and that
the fact that the property was mortgaged as security for the overdraft did not
create a direct link where none otherwise existed (at [28]). The court also
opined (at [32]) that the “circuitous route” of buying a property by acquiring
then liquidating its holding company “gave rise to two different sources of
income. Thus the missing link.”

48 However, that does not mean that the direct link test is inapplicable
beyond the facts of Andermatt. In our view, the direct link test is grounded
in the statutory language of s 14(1)(a) and in particular, the words “capital
employed in acquiring the income”. The language of the provision states that
deductions are allowed in respect of interest paid on “any money borrowed”
amounting to “capital” that to the satisfaction of the CIT is “employed in
acquiring the income”. This imports necessarily the requirement of a nexus –
which we agree can be articulated conveniently as a “direct link” – between
the loan and the acquisition of the income. In practical terms, to establish
the deductibility of an interest expense, the taxpayer should ordinarily be
able to particularise how it had employed the borrowed funds in the
acquisition of the income against which a deduction is sought. Therefore, we
do not think that the general applicability of the direct link test can be
contested seriously.

49 Insofar as Andermatt is concerned, the Taxpayer relied on the court’s
hypothetical observation (at [21]) that interest on the overdraft would have
been deductible if it was sought against dividends derived from the target
company’s shares rather than against rental income from the property
transferred. It was pointed out that based on the timeline of events, the
taxpayer had acquired the shares of the target company on 8 December 1987
leaving an outstanding debt which was only satisfied subsequently by the
overdraft taken out on 8 February 1998 (see [39] above). Strictly speaking
therefore, as a matter of chronology, the overdraft could not have caused the
earning of the dividend income. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Appellant’s Case at paras 25–26.

50 In our view, Andermatt does not assist the Taxpayer. First, the court’s
observation on the deductibility of interest against dividend income was only
intended to illustrate the point we made above (at [47]) that the source of
the income matters in applying the direct link test. In that context, the
chronological order of events may have weighed less heavily on the court’s
mind. Secondly, it is not clear if a causal nexus could not be said to have
existed between the loan and the income in Andermatt.

51 Indeed, the facts of Andermatt can be viewed in a way that upholds the
causal inquiry as necessary for, or at least relevant to, the direct link
test. One option is to view the acquisition of the target company’s shares and
the taking out of the overdraft as parts of one transaction, despite a minor
chronological gap between the two events. So conceived, the overdraft led
causally to the earning of the dividend income. Another option is to view the
“capital” that was used to acquire the target company’s shares as the debt
that arose on 8 December 1987 when the shares were acquired on credit, rather
than the overdraft that was subsequently taken out on 8 February 1988 which
was used to refinance the prior debt. If so characterized, a causal nexus
would exist between the debt and the dividends from the acquired shares.

52 The Taxpayer further submitted that the causal aspect of the direct link
test renders it incompatible with the ITA’s scheme. This is because (a)
capital can never be a “close” cause of income insofar as capital represents
the company’s liability and can only lead to the production of income through
the intermediary of an asset and (b) just as revenue receipts are chargeable
with tax “regardless of causation”, deductions should likewise be allowed
without regard to causation.

53 We are not persuaded. First, even if the intermediary of an asset is
required for a loan to be utilized in the production of income, that only
affects the proximity of the causal nexus but not the fact that it is
required. Second, there was no authority cited for the proposition that causal
nexus is entirely irrelevant in determining the liability of revenue receipts
to taxation. It is not clear how an item of receipt can qualify, for instance,
as a gain or profit “from any trade, business, profession or vocation” or
“from any employment” within the meaning of the limbs of s 10(1) of the ITA,
if some form of causal nexus did not exist between the item and the trade,
business, profession or vocation or employment. In the circumstances, we do
not accept that the relevance of causation to the direct link test would make
the test incompatible with the scheme of the ITA.

Representation and retention

54 We turn now to the Taxpayer’s primary submission that capital would be
“employed in acquiring the income” within the meaning of s 14(1)(a) if income-
producing assets are retained and represented by the said capital.

55 At the outset, two preliminary points should be noted:

(a) The Taxpayer’s initial argument in its written submissions was that this
approach should be adopted in place of the direct link test. During oral
submissions before us, however, counsel for the Taxpayer appeared to take the
position that even if the direct link test applied, it would be satisfied
because the interest was paid on a loan that retained or represented its
income-producing assets. In essence, the Taxpayer maintained the same
substantive submission whether or not the direct link test applied.

(b) Even though the Taxpayer conflated the two tests, we think it is
conceptually neater to consider them separately: (i) whether capital is
“represented” by income-producing assets (“the test of representation”) and
(ii) whether capital “retained” the taxpayer’s income-producing assets (“the
test of retention”).

56 We now consider the proposed tests.

Capital represented the taxpayer’s income-producing assets

57 In relation to the test of representation, we share the Judge’s view (see
HC Judgment at [14]) that it is not entirely clear what the Taxpayer meant by
this test which the ITBR referred to as the “balance sheet test” (see [21(b)]
above). In the Appellant’s Case, the Taxpayer stated: 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Appellant’s Case at para 31.

… there subsists a necessary relationship between the capital of a business
and the assets it holds. No asset of a business may be held without there
being corresponding capital of equal value. This means that all assets of a
business, whether newly acquired or long held, are funded by sufficient
capital. In the judicial parlance adopted in the cases, the capital is thus
said to be represented by the assets of a business …

58 In its Skeletal Submissions, the Taxpayer reiterated: 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Submissions at para 13.

… assets held represent the equity and loan capital and, if the assets are
directed to the earning of income, both the loan and equity capital which they
represented are devoted to the earning of income. Capital is thus “employed in
acquiring the income” within the meaning of section 14(1)(a) where income-
producing assets are retained by said capital. Acknowledging and applying this
principle is not … applying a ‘balance sheet presentation’.

59 Despite the above submissions, it appears to us that the test of
representation is premised on the accounting equation that the total assets of
a company are equal to the company’s total liabilities and equity. In essence,
the proposition put forth by the Taxpayer is that interest is deductible so
long as it is payable on capital that appears on the same balance sheet as the
taxpayer’s income-producing assets.

60 In our judgment, there is no justification for the test of representation
to take the place of the direct link test or to stand as an instance of when
the direct link test would be satisfied. First, the test of representation
does not comport with the statutory language of s 14(1)(a). As we mentioned
above (see [38]), the operative phrase in the provision is “capital employed
in acquiring the income”. The mere fact that capital appears on the same
balance sheet as the income against which a deduction is sought cannot satisfy
the degree of activity in the commitment of capital and the procurement of
income that is connoted by the terms “employed” and “acquiring”.

61 We note that in the High Court, the Taxpayer submitted that the word
“employed” is superfluous. It cited Birmingham Small Arms Co Ltd v Inland
Revenue Commissioners [1951] 2 All ER 296 in which the House of Lords opined
that there was no significant difference in meaning between the words “capital
employed in a trade or business” and “capital of a trade or business” in the
context of provisions for the computation of the amount of capital employed in
a trade or business for the purposes of excess profits tax. This argument was
not raised before us. In any event, we would have been inclined to agree with
the Judge that the case should not be relied on because of its different
statutory context (see HC Judgment at [15]).

62 Before us, the Taxpayer argued that the use of the word “in” as opposed to
“to” or “for” meant that Parliament had intended s 14(1)(a) to require merely
a “passive state of relation … rather than an active and direct causation or
‘use’”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Appellant’s Case at para 35.

Citing Commissioner of Taxation of the Commonwealth of Australia v Day [2008]
236 CLR 163 (“COT v Day”), the Taxpayer added that the High Court of Australia
had construed the term “in” to mean “in the course of” in the context of an
Australian deduction provision. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Appellant’s Case at para 34.

63 In our view, this submission is without merit. In COT v Day, the provision
in question was s 8-1 of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) which
provided that a loss or outgoing was deductible from the taxpayer’s assessable
income to the extent that it was “incurred in gaining or producing” the
assessable income. The Australian statute’s use of “incurred in” compared to
our s 14(1)(a)’s “employed in” is at least capable of showing a fine but
appreciable distinction between the two statutory provisions. Our s 14(1)(a)
connotes an active nexus between the loan and the income acquired. In any
case, we do not see why COT v Day should cause us to abandon the established
direct link test.

64 The test of representation also does not seem compatible with the term “the
income” in s 14(1)(a). As the Court of Appeal noted in JD (CA) at [47], the
phrase “acquiring the income” as opposed to “acquiring any income” connotes a
clear nexus between the capital and the particular source of income from which
a deduction is sought to be made. This requirement would not be satisfied
under the test of representation.

65 The test of representation gives rise to a further concern that there would
be undue reliance on the balance sheet of the taxpayer. While accounting
practices and rules are relevant in tax law, they do not necessarily dictate
tax consequences. As Andrew Phang JA observed in ABD Pte Ltd v Comptroller of
Income Tax [2010] 3 SLR 609, “[w]here ordinary accounting principles run
counter to the principles of tax law, they must yield to the latter for the
purposes of computing gains and profits for tax” (at [111]). The test of
representation holds paramount the manner in which information is presented on
the corporate balance sheet and does not appear to leave room for the tax
authority to consider whether the requirements of s 14(1)(a) are satisfied.
This could not have been the statutory intention when s 14(1)(a) expressly
contemplates that the CIT must be “satisfied that” the interest is payable on
capital employed in acquiring the income.

66 The Taxpayer also cited two cases in support of the test of representation
but we think that neither can sustain the submission. The first case was Yeung
v Federal Commissioner of Taxation (1988) 88 ATC 4193 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Appellant’s BOA at Tab 16.

(“Yeung”). There, a man and his wife contributed money to purchase real estate
in their names as well as in the names of their children in circumstances
which gave rise to a partnership within the meaning of s 6(1) of the Income
Tax Assessment Act 1936 (Cth) (“Australian ITAA 1936”). Pursuant to the
spouses’ intention to withdraw from the partnership, the partnership borrowed
from a third party and used the borrowed funds to repay the contributions that
they had made. The broad issue was whether the partnership could deduct the
interest expense incurred on the borrowed funds under s 51(1) of the
Australian ITAA 1936 which provided as follows:

All losses and outgoings to the extent to which they are incurred in gaining
or producing the assessable income, or are necessarily incurred in carrying on
a business for the purpose of gaining or producing such income, shall be
allowable deductions except to the extent to which they are losses or
outgoings of capital, or of a capital, private or domestic nature, or are
incurred in relation to the gaining or production of exempt income.

67 Davis J sitting in the Federal Court of Australia allowed the deduction. In
framing the issue before him as whether the interest “was incurred in gaining
or producing the assessable income of the partnership”, it appears that the
deduction was granted pursuant to the first limb of s 51(1) of the Australian
ITAA 1936 (at 4202). In this regard, Davis J observed that it was “established
that … under sec. 51(1) of the [Australian ITAA 1936], what is relevant is the
purpose for which moneys borrowed were applied” (at 4202). On the facts, Davis
J held as follows (at 4204):

I am prepared to accept that from the partnership’s point of view, what
occurred was that two of the partners decided to withdraw funds from the
partnership. It does not materially matter whether those funds were loan funds
or capital which the partners had invested in the properties. The notional
payment out to Dr and Mrs Yeung and the borrowing of an amount from [the third
party] necessarily effected a change in the capital interest which each of the
partners had in the partnership. What the partnership achieved by the
borrowing from [the third party] was the maintenance of the income earning
properties. Funds were withdrawn, but were replaced by loan funds and the
income-earning properties remained held by the six members of the family.

In an income-earning enterprise, both income and equity capital may be
invested in assets directed to the earning of income. In such an event, if
equity capital is repaid and loan capital replaces it, interest payable on the
loan capital will ordinarily be an allowable deduction from the income derived
from the assets. This is because the assets held represent the equity and loan
capital and, if the assets are directed to the earning of income, then both
the loan capital and the equity capital which they represent are devoted to
the earning of assessable income.

68 Although Davis J used the word “represent”, his factual analysis suggests
that the relevant proposition to be extracted is not the test of
representation but the test of retention, that is, the principle that interest
paid on a loan used to preserve or retain the taxpayer’s income-earning assets
is deductible, at least insofar as s 51(1) of the Australia ITAA 1936 is
concerned.

69 In any event, Yeung is of limited assistance to the Taxpayer. Indeed, it
appears on a brief survey of the Australian jurisprudence on interest
deductibility that Yeung has been controversial even in Australia and may not
accurately represent the state of the law.

70 In an earlier High Court of Australia case of Federal Commissioner of
Taxation v Munro (1926) 38 CLR 153 (“Munro”), the issue was whether interest
incurred on a loan that was not used to produce assessable income but was
secured on an income-producing asset was deductible under s 23(1)(3) of the
Income Tax Assessment Act 1922–1925 (Cth) (“Australian ITAA 1922”). The
taxpayer argued that the interest expense was incurred in producing its
assessable income because, if the interest was not paid, the income-producing
assets may be jeopardized. The High Court unanimously rejected this argument.
Isaacs J said at 197:

… It is said for the [taxpayer] that, since it was necessary to pay the
interest if the taxpayer wished to retain his right to have the income from
the property, it was interest by which that income was gained or produced. I
am not able to accept that view. The taxpayer had already acquired and held
his property as a rent-producing property to the full extent. Nothing more was
necessary to gain or produce that income. Then he chose for his own purposes
quite alien to that property to borrow money and incur a personal obligation
to repay it with interest. So far, also, the property stood complete as a
rent-producing instrument. But because he secured his personal debt by means
of that complete rent-producing instrument he contends that the discharge of
the obligation was “actually incurred in gaining or producing” the rental it
yielded. The simple position is that the property and its rentals existed
before the loan and remained intact and unaltered after the loan. Had the
money borrowed been expended on the property so as to increase the rentals or
so as to prevent depreciation which would have reduced the rentals, then it
could have been properly said that the interest had been a means of gaining or
producing the assessable income. But in employing the borrowed money for
purposes independent of the property, leaving its condition entirely
unaffected, that result cannot be postulated.

71 Yeung was thereafter decided in 1988. Subsequently, in Federal Commissioner
of Taxation v J D Roberts and Smith (1992) 92 ATC 4380 (“Roberts”), the
Australian Federal Court was concerned with the deductibility of interest
incurred by partners of solicitors who had taken out loans to allow a
reduction of capital for existing partners of the firm. Hill J, writing the
leading judgment for a unanimous court, held (at 4390) that:

… The provision of funds to the partners in circumstances where that provision
is not a repayment of funds invested in the business, lacks the essential
connection with the income producing activities of the partnership or, in
other words, the partnership business. Likewise, the interest incurred on the
borrowing will not be incidental and relevant to the partnership business.

72 Hill J also said the following about Yeung (at 4389):

… the result reached in Yeung seems clearly correct if the case is viewed
simply as one involving a borrowing to fund the repayment of moneys originally
advanced by a partner and used as partnership capital, particularly given that
the original funds were used to purchase the rental property.

73 It appears from Hill J’s statement that the principle to be drawn from
Yeung is that if the business of a partnership was funded by moneys originally
advanced by a partner as partnership capital, interest paid on a loan used to
repay that capital would be deductible. Nothing was said about whether the
loan must “represent” the income-producing assets of the partnership. So read,
Yeung does not advance the Taxpayer’s case for a test of representation.

74 Subsequently, in Hayden v Federal Commissioner of Taxation (1996) 96 ATC
4797 (“Hayden”), the issue was whether interest on borrowing secured over an
income-producing asset used to purchase a private asset was deductible.
Spender J in the Federal Court was confronted with Munro, as against a line of
cases including Yeung which purportedly supported the test of retention, ie,
interest is deductible if the loan enabled the taxpayer to retain or preserve
its income-producing assets. The court held that the two propositions could
not be reconciled and that the Australian High Court decision in Munro was to
take precedence. According, the court opined that:

In my opinion, the fact that the borrowing of funds permitted income-producing
assets to remain as part of the estate so that the income stream to the estate
was not diminished, does not bring the interest on borrowings within a loss or
outgoing under s 51(1) of the [Australian ITAA 1936].

75 The parties here did not address fully the implications of the line of
Australian decisions on the position in Singapore although the Judge had
expressly referred to Roberts in the HC Judgment at [26]. Nevertheless, in the
light of the decisions in Roberts and Hayden, it is not clear that Yeung can
be read as authority for the test of retention or if the test remains good law
in Australia.

76 Furthermore, as we have emphasized before, in the area of tax law, foreign
jurisprudence has to be considered carefully before it is adopted as part of
local law. This is because tax law is primarily a creature of statute and must
respond to local regulatory concerns. As the High Court reiterated recently in
Zhao Hui Fang v Commissioner of Stamp Duties [2017] 4 SLR 945 at [78], “it is
not generally helpful to selectively highlight dicta from foreign
jurisprudence on the construction of particular terms in foreign tax statutes,
even if those terms are in pari materia with local provisions … without an
explication of the relevant context, history, and purpose of the foreign tax
statutes and how those compare to the local regime in Singapore”. There is
also a factual distinction between Yeung and the present case which we will
discuss subsequently in this judgment.

77 The second case cited by the Taxpayer in support of the test of
representation was the New Zealand Court of Appeal’s decision in Pacific
Rendezvous Ltd v Commissioner of Inland Revenue [1996] 2 NZLR 567 (“Pacific
Rendezvous”). 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Appellant’s BOA at Tab 12.

In this case, the taxpayer which was in the business of operating motels took
a loan for the renovation of its premises with the dual purpose of improving
the sale price of the business and generating more revenue in the interim
period prior to the sale. The renovation led to a substantial increase in
revenue and also in capital gain. The issue was whether interest on the loan
should be allowed to be deducted under s 106(1)(h)(i) of the Income Tax Act
1976 (NZ) which permitted the deduction of interest “so far as the
Commissioner is satisfied that … [i]t is payable on capital employed in the
production of the assessable income”. The contention was whether the
Commissioner was correct to allow only 25% of the interest expense to be
deducted.

78 The New Zealand court held unanimously that all of the interest was
deductible as there was no question that the loan was “expended on physical
assets of the motel business, employed full-time in that business, and
generating substantial revenue for the business” (at 575). Richardson J made
the following remarks about the New Zealand statutory provision (at 572):

… In concentrating on the employment of the borrowed capital rather than on
the interest expended it proceeds on the premise that interest is paid for the
use of the principal and is referable to the production of assessable income
through the investment of principal moneys on which it is paid. … “Employed”
bears its plain ordinary meaning and is synonymous with “used”. The difficulty
lies in determining whether or not the statutory nexus is satisfied in the
particular case. … [The phrase] “in the production of the assessable income”
in s 106(1)(h)… will ordinarily involve essentially the same considerations in
determining whether or not there is a sufficient connection between the
expenditure of interest and the income earning activity involving the use of
the property for the interest to qualify for deduction; and by implication
that determining whether there is a sufficient relationship between the
expenditure and what it provided or sought to provide on the one hand and the
income earning process on the other so as to fall within the words of the
paragraph becomes a matter of degree and so a question of fact…

However, I do not find it necessary to explore the depths which may be
reflected in the use of the word “in” in that context in some other less
clear-cut factual circumstances. This is because, if the focus is on the
employment of the capital in the income earning process with the borrowings
being represented here in the physical assets of the motel business, it is
impossible to escape the conclusion that in each of the income periods those
assets and that borrowed capital were employed in the production of the
assessable income. Those assets were fully committed at all times to the
regular motel business. They played a full part in generating the
substantially increased revenue of the motel business in each income period. …

79 Two propositions can be gleaned from the above quotation:

(a) First, just as we observed above (at [46]) that s 14(1)(a) of the ITA
requires a direct link between the loan and the income acquired, the New
Zealand courts require a “sufficient connection” between the expenditure and
the income-earning activity in order to qualify for deductibility of interest
on that expenditure.

(b) Secondly, the reference to borrowings “being represented” by the physical
assets of the taxpayer cannot be taken to justify the test of representation
because it follows an express affirmation in the preceding paragraph that the
statutory term “employed” bears its plain ordinary meaning and is synonymous
with “used”. Both terms connote some degree of activity in the commitment of
the loan. The sentences that follow also concern the causes to which the loan-
acquired assets are positively and actively committed rather than any question
about the taxpayer’s balance sheet.

80 In the circumstances, neither Yeung nor Pacific Rendezvous supports the
test of representation advocated by the Taxpayer. There are also no local case
authorities which support this test.

Capital retained or preserved the taxpayer’s income-producing assets

81 The other legal premise of the Taxpayer’s submissions is the test of
retention which posits that capital is “employed in acquiring the income”
within the scope of s 14(1)(a) if the taxpayer’s income-producing assets are
preserved or retained by such capital.

82 For present purposes, it is not necessary to lay down a general rule as to
whether satisfaction of the test of retention would necessarily satisfy the
direct link test. This is because even if the answer is in the affirmative,
the Interest Expense did not satisfy the test of retention on the facts. We
make the following tentative observations:

(a) It appears to us that one may argue that the test of retention is
unjustifiably broad. Taken at face value, it suggests that interest on any
loan taken to repay a debt owed by the taxpayer would be deductible because
the loan aided in the retention or preservation of the taxpayer’s assets which
may otherwise have been realized.

(b) It is not clear that the test of retention is consistent with the
statutory language of s 14(1)(a).

(i) The word “acquiring” would suggest that the loan must be employed in a
manner that is more actively income-generating than the mere preservation of
income-producing assets.

(ii) The test of retention does not appear to be concerned with the use to
which the loan is committed, because the mere taking out of the loan would
have achieved the desired preservation or retention. Accordingly, the test may
not account adequately for the word “employed” used in s 14(1)(a).

(iii) There may be difficulty reconciling the test of retention with the
current jurisprudence on “the interest” which requires a nexus between the
capital and the particular source of income from which a deduction is sought.
It may be that in some circumstances, the taxpayer would be able to identify
particular assets and/or sources of income preserved by the capital or the
loan but that is unlikely to be the case generally.

(c) On its face, Yeung supports the test of retention. However, for reasons we
have discussed above, it is not clear that any reliance can be placed on the
case. No other case was cited to us which could support this test.

Application of the direct link test

83 On the facts, the Taxpayer submitted that the Interest Expense qualified
for a deduction under s 14(1)(a) because the Shareholder Bonds retained the
Taxpayer’s income-producing assets, ie, the Mall and the Shareholder Advances,
and were represented by the same. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Submissions at paras 12–17; Appellant’s Case at paras
29–39.

84 We do not agree. As we have explained, the test of representation does not
comport with the statutory language of s 14(1)(a) and is not supported by case
authority. Therefore, the mere fact that the Shareholder Bonds are said to
“represent” or appear on the same balance sheet as the Mall and the
Shareholder Advances does not satisfy the direct link test.

85 As for the test of retention, even assuming that the direct link would be
satisfied if this test was met, we are of the view that the issuance of the
Shareholder Bonds could not be said to have retained or preserved the
Taxpayer’s income-producing assets. To say that a loan retained or preserved
certain income-producing assets implies that there must have been at least a
material risk of the assets being sold, realised or otherwise taken away from
the taxpayer if the loan was not taken out. Conversely, if the assets would
have been retained or preserved in any event whether the loan was taken out or
not, then it is not logical to say that the loan enabled or contributed to the
retention or preservation of the assets in any meaningful way.

86 In the present case, the Shareholder Bonds could not be said to have
retained or preserved the Taxpayer’s Mall or the Shareholder Advances as there
was no material risk that the Taxpayer’s income-producing assets would have
been taken away if the Shareholder Bonds had not been issued. As the ITBR
found and the Judge agreed, it was highly improbable that the Shareholders
would have sued on the debt owed to them by the Taxpayer after the Capital
Reduction Exercise. In this regard, the following evidential points are
notable:

(a) First, a director of the Taxpayer who testified before the ITBR conceded
under cross-examination that there was no material risk that the Taxpayer
would be compelled to sell the Mall to repay its debt to the Shareholders.
This concession was made when the director was asked why the information
memorandum accompanying the issuance of the Shareholder Bonds did not state
any risk of the Mall being sold to satisfy the Taxpayer’s debt to the
Shareholders: 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

ROA Vol 3, Part B at p 190.

Q So, … if there is a material risk that the mall may be sold to satisfy debt
owing to the shareholders, it would have to be stated and it is not stated [in
the information memorandum].

A At time—at that point there is no material risk as you have mentioned.

(b) Second, the purpose of the capital restructuring exercise was to provide
the Shareholders with a stream of interest income. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

ROA Vol 3, Part B at pp 91 and 190.

This objective could not be achieved if the Shareholders sued on the debt to
compel the Taxpayer to dispose of the Mall or to assign the Shareholder
Advances for consideration. In this regard, a director of one of the
Shareholders 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

ROA Vol 3, Part B at pp 125–126.

agreed in cross-examination that the “exclusive purpose” of the issuance of
the Shareholder Bonds was to provide a return to the Shareholders. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

ROA Vol 3, Part B at p 91.

He also conceded and repeated that it was “never our intention” for the
Taxpayer to realise or dispose of the Mall 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

ROA Vol 3, Part B at pp 81, 113 and 114.

and that save in situations involving “an act of God or earthquake or whatever
it is”, 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

ROA Vol 3, Part B at p 82.

the intention had always been for the Taxpayer to continue owning and
operating the Mall. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

ROA Vol 3, Part B at pp 79 and 99.

(c) Third, given that the Shareholder Bonds were unsecured instruments and
that the Mall had been securitised to its full value in relation to the WM
Loan (see [6] above), it is inconceivable that the Shareholders would have
sued on the debt when a realisation of the Taxpayer’s main asset would not
yield much to them.

87 In the circumstances, we found no reason to question the ITBR’s rejection
of the Taxpayer’s argument that the issuance of the Shareholder Bonds retained
or preserved the Taxpayer’s income-producing assets (see ITBR Judgment at
[28]). Since the Shareholders would not have enforced the debt against the
Taxpayer in any event, it did not matter that the Shareholder Bonds provided
some structure to the debt repayment timelines (see [14] above) or that the
Taxpayer may not have had sufficient funds on hand to immediately fulfil its
debt to the Shareholders on completion of the Capital Reduction Exercise. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Appellant’s Case at para 70.

88 Given the manner in which the Taxpayer had run its case, the appeal must
fail if we reject the test of representation as a matter of law and the
Taxpayer could not satisfy the test of retention on the facts in any case. For
completeness, we should also mention that we find the following factors
relevant to the application of the direct link test:

(a) There was no observable change in the Taxpayer’s rental or interest income
after the issuance of the Shareholder Bonds. The director of one of the
Shareholders agreed that the Shareholders could have chosen not to receive
interest on the Shareholder Bonds and the Mall would still have produced the
rental income. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

ROA Vol 3, Part B at p 123.

The Taxpayer’s director conceded that the Shareholder Bonds did not make a
difference to the operation of the Mall. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

2CB27.

It is also clear that the Shareholder Bonds did not affect the interest
received by the Taxpayer on the Shareholder Advances.

(b) The Shareholder Bonds did not lead to the acquisition of any new asset by
the Taxpayer. We agree with the Taxpayer that such an acquisition is not a
requirement under s 14(1)(a) which focuses on the acquisition of “the income”
rather than that of an asset. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Appellant’s Case at paras 46–50.

However, that does not mean this factor is not relevant evidentially in
determining whether the loan qualifies as “capital employed in acquiring the
income”. Further, the Shareholder Bonds also did not lead to the improvement
of any of the Taxpayer’s existing income-producing assets, such as through
renovation or upgrading of the Mall.

(c) There is no identifiable causal nexus between the Shareholder Bonds and
the rental income from the Mall or the interest income from the Shareholder
Advances. As discussed above, such a causal nexus is needed to satisfy the
direct link test.

(d) The Shareholder Bonds were not issued for the purpose of income-generation
in the first place. We agree with the Taxpayer that the language of s 14(1)(a)
suggests that the direct link test is concerned with an objective state of
affairs rather than the taxpayer’s subjective intentions. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Appellant’s Case at paras 90–95.

However, this is not to say that the purpose of a transaction or the intention
of the taxpayer does not have evidential value. In this regard, we agree with
the following passage from Pacific Rendezvous (at 573):

On an ordinary reading of s 106(1)(h) in its statutory context I can see no
justification for a gloss of that kind which would seem to involve shifting
the statutory focus away from how the capital was actually employed … to the
underlying purpose of the taxpayer in raising and utilising the loan moneys.
Certainly the taxpayer’s purpose may bear on the consideration of whether it
can fairly be said that the capital has been employed in the production of
assessable income. It cannot, however, be invoked to deny the conclusion that
the capital was employed in that way. …

(e) The Shareholder Bonds replaced a debt of the same amount and involved no
actual flow of funds. It therefore did not improve the cash flow or liquidity
of the Taxpayer.

89 Before the ITBR, the Taxpayer appeared to have taken the position that
deduction was sought against only its rental income from the Mall. Hence, the
sole issue related to the direct link between the Shareholder Bonds and the
rental income (see ITBR Judgment at [9]). 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

See also ROA Vol 3, Part E at p 139.

However, on appeal to the High Court 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

See ROA Vol 3, Part D at p 159.

and before us, the Taxpayer framed the deduction as against both the rental
income of the Mall and the interest income of the Shareholder Advances. We do
not think that the Taxpayer is entitled to make this belated change of
position. In any event, the Taxpayer did not attempt to explain how the
Shareholder Bonds helped it to retain the Shareholder Advances. This is a
further reason why the direct link test is not satisfied, at least insofar as
the interest income from the Shareholder Advances is concerned.

90 The Taxpayer also argued that the CIT’s discretion under s 14(1)(a) of the
ITA, which is expressed in the words “where the Comptroller is satisfied”,
does not permit the CIT to go beyond the statutory test and consider
irrelevant factors. In our view, this proposition is self-evident and does not
assist the Taxpayer. In the present case, the CIT did not go beyond the
statutory test, which we have affirmed to be the direct link test, and no
irrelevant factor was considered. As a general matter, the CIT has the
discretion to engage in a fact-finding exercise to determine whether the
direct link test is satisfied. It is for the Taxpayer to persuade the court
that the CIT had acted on the wrong principles or had misapprehended the facts
or any inferences to be drawn from those facts. The Taxpayer has not done so.

The purportedly analogous authorities

91 Finally, we consider three case authorities cited by the Taxpayer in
support of its case that the Interest Expense is deductible.

The hypothetical observation in Andermatt

92 The Taxpayer tried to rely on the court’s hypothetical observation in
Andermatt, which has been discussed above at [49], that interest on the
overdraft would have been deductible if it was sought against dividends
derived from the target company’s shares, rather than against rental income
from the property transferred. The Taxpayer noted that both Andermatt and the
present case involve the voluntary incurring of debt by the taxpayer and the
raising of debt capital to satisfy a prior debt, with interest on the new debt
sought to be deducted against income derived from the company’s pre-existing
assets. There was therefore no rational basis for distinguishing the present
case from the hypothetical. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Appellant’s Case at paras 43–45.

93 In our view, the hypothetical observation in Andermatt is clearly
distinguishable from the present facts. There, an overdraft was used to repay
a prior debt incurred in the acquisition of shares and interest on the
overdraft was sought to be deducted against dividend income from those
acquired shares. Apart from a minor chronological gap, there was no question
that a direct link existed between the overdraft and the dividend income
because a new income-producing asset was acquired using borrowed funds that
were obtained by the taxpayer from a third party for the purpose of that
acquisition. In the present case, however, no new asset was acquired, no
improvement was made to existing assets, no material risk of realization or
loss of the Taxpayer’s income-producing assets existed even if the Shareholder
Bonds were not issued, no funds were transferred between the creditor and the
debtor, and no identifiable causal nexus existed between the Shareholder Bonds
and the Taxpayer’s rental or interest income. Seen in this light, the two
situations were materially different.

Yeung

94 The Taxpayer’s second analogy concerned Yeung. The facts and decision in
Yeung have been summarised above (see [66] to [67]). To reiterate, a deduction
was allowed under s 51(1) of the Australian ITAA 1936 in respect of interest
paid on a loan taken out to replace capital which certain partners had sought
to withdraw from a partnership. In our view, Yeung can be distinguished from
the present case because there was a material risk there that, after the
withdrawal of capital by the partners, the income-producing assets of the
partnership would have to be sold or realised if the loan had not been taken
out. Therefore, Davis J found on the evidence that “[w]hat the partnership
achieved by the borrowing from [the third party] was the maintenance of income
earning properties” (at 4204). The evidence in the present case was, however,
plainly incapable of supporting a similar finding. In fact, the evidence is to
the contrary as it was conceded by the Taxpayer that there was no such
material risk.

Zeta Estates

95 The third case cited was Zeta Estates. In that case, the taxpayer was in
the business of purchasing and developing real estate for rent and sale. The
bulk of its real estate portfolio was financed by accumulated profits ($408m)
and interest-free shareholders’ loans ($454m). The taxpayer’s directors
declared dividends of $400m. The dividends were not paid in cash but by a
series of accounting entries, credited to the accounts of its shareholders as
interest-bearing loans. The taxpayer sought to deduct the interest on these
loans from its assessable profits. The Commissioner disallowed the deduction
under s 16(1)(a) of the Inland Revenue Ordinance (Cap 112) (HK) (“HK IRO”)
which provided as follows:

(1) In ascertaining the profits in respect of which a person is chargeable to
tax under this Part for any year of assessment there shall be deducted all
outgoings and expenses to the extent to which they are incurred during the
basis period for that year of assessment by such person in the production of
profits in respect of which he is chargeable to tax under this Part for any
period, including:

(a) Where the condition for the application of this para is satisfied under
sub-s (2) … sums payable by such person by way of interest on any money
borrowed by him for the purpose of producing such profits.

96 The Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal allowed the deduction. In particular,
Lord Scott stated the following (at [19]) and the Taxpayer here relied heavily
on this passage: 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Appellant’s Case at para 3.

The effect of the directors’ decision to declare the dividend was, given the
illiquid state of Zeta, to produce a need for the payment of the dividend to
be funded. Zeta had only two ways of doing so. Either Zeta would have to sell
sufficient of its profit-earning assets to pay the dividends … or Zeta would
have to borrow a sufficient sum to pay the dividends. That these were Zeta’s
only options is apparent from its … accounts. It chose the borrowing option,
ie it chose to fund the payment of the dividend by raising fresh working
capital rather than by selling profit-earning assets, using the proceeds of
sale and thereby reducing its working capital. The Board’s conclusion that …
there was no evidential basis to support the argument that fresh working
capital was needed … must either have been based on a fairly fundamental
misunderstanding of Zeta’s … accounts or on the misconceived notion that if
the dividends could not be paid without either selling assets or borrowing the
dividends ought not to have been declared.

97 We do not think Zeta Estates assists the Taxpayer’s case. First, s 16(1)(a)
of the HK IRO is materially different from our s 14(1)(a) in at least two
respects.

(a) s 14(1)(a) focuses on whether the loan is “employed in acquiring the
income” as an objective state of affairs. In contrast, s 16(1)(a) of the HK
IRO uses the phrase “for the purpose of producing such profits”.

(b) s 16(1)(a) of the HK IRO does not provide for the Commissioner’s
discretion in assessing the satisfaction of the statutory nexus test.
Therefore, the deference that needs to be accorded to the CIT did not feature
at all in Zeta Estates.

98 In any event, Zeta Estates is also distinguishable from the present case on
the facts. Based on Lord Scott’s exposition of the facts, it is evident that
there was a material risk that the taxpayer’s income-producing assets would
have been sold or realised if the borrowing in question had not been taken
out. Indeed, Lord Scott found that given the illiquid state of Zeta, Zeta only
had the two options of either being compelled to sell its assets or to take
out the loan. In contrast, in the present case, there was no material risk
that the Shareholders would have called upon the debt which arose from the
Capital Reduction Exercise even if the Shareholder Bonds were not issued. As
admitted by the Taxpayer before the ITBR, there was no real threat to the
continued operation of the Mall. This was an indulgence which the taxpayer in
Zeta Estates did not enjoy.

99 In the circumstances, there is no analogous authority to support the
Taxpayer’s case on the deductibility of the Interest Expense.

Conclusion

100 For the foregoing reasons, we dismiss the Taxpayer’s appeal with costs. In
the respective costs schedules, the CIT submitted a total of $20,000
(inclusive of disbursements) as his costs for this appeal while the Taxpayer
asked for $80,400 as costs and $4,277.70 as disbursements. We think the amount
that the CIT has asked for is more than fair in the circumstances. We
therefore order the Taxpayer to pay the CIT the costs of this appeal fixed at
$20,000 inclusive of disbursements. We also make the usual consequential
orders on the security for costs provided by the Taxpayer.

101 Finally, we note that the CIT allowed the interest paid by the Taxpayer to
WM on the WM Loan to be deducted as he was of the view that there was a direct
link between the WM Loan and the rental income (see ITBR Judgment at [30]). We
agree with the ITBR when it stated, “The [ITBR] agrees with the [CIT] that the
adoption of the Balance Sheet Test, assuming it was intended in Zeta to lay
down such a test, will result in the absurdity of the [Taxpayer] being allowed
to claim a deduction of interest for both the loan from [WM] and the
Shareholder Bonds, which in aggregate exceed the value of the Mall at the
material time, when the required ‘direct link’ has not been shown in respect
of the full amount thereof” (see ITBR Judgment at [38]).

Sundaresh Menon Tay Yong Kwang Steven Chong  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Ong Sim Ho, Keith Brendan Lam Xun-Yu and  
Khoo Puay Pin Joanne (Ong Sim Ho) for the appellant;  
Foo Hui Min Felicia, Lim Chun Heng Christopher  
and Lim Weng Kee David (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (Law Division))
for the respondent.

_________________________________

* * *

Annex![](data:image/png;base64,
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)ures

![](data:image/png;base64,
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)

****

**SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE**

29 August 2018

**Case summary**

_BML v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2018] SGCA 53 _  
Civil Appeal No 119 of 2017 _

\-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Decision of the Court of Appeal (delivered by Tay Yong Kwang JA):**

Outcome:__ CoA affirmed Comptroller’s decision to deny interest deduction to
taxpayer who made bond issue to shareholders following capital reduction.

****

**The material facts**

1 The present appeal concerned the issue of deductibility of interest paid on
a bond issued by a taxpayer (“the Taxpayer”) to its shareholders (“the
Shareholders”) in the course of a capital restructuring exercise. At the
material time, the Taxpayer owned and operated a mall. The Shareholders each
owned 50% of the Taxpayer’s issued share capital. In 2004, the Taxpayer
conducted a securitisation of the mall followed by a capital restructuring
exercise which was effected in two steps: (a) a capital reduction exercise
(“the Capital Reduction Exercise”) and (b) a bond issue to the Shareholders
(“the Shareholder Bonds”). In effect, this capital restructuring exercise
converted the Shareholders’ equity in the Taxpayer into a debt investment.

2 Between 2005 and 2009, the Taxpayer paid interest of 7.1% per annum to the
Shareholders on the Shareholder Bonds, amounting to a total of S$95,673,181
(“the Interest Expense”). The Taxpayer sought to deduct the Interest Expense
from its chargeable income in the years of assessment 2005 to 2009, relying on
s 14(1)(_a_) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ITA”). The
Comptroller of Income Tax (“CIT”) disallowed the deductions, and the Taxpayer
objected. The Income Tax Board of Review (“ITBR”) and the High Court
respectively upheld the CIT’s decision.

3 The Taxpayer appealed. Before the Court of Appeal, the issue was whether the
Shareholder Bonds constituted “capital employed in acquiring the income” of
the Taxpayer such that the Interest Expense incurred on them was deductible
under s 14(1)(_a_) of the ITA.

**Decision on appeal**

4 The Court of Appeal dismissed the Taxpayer’s appeal and held that the
Interest Expense was not deductible.

5 In order to satisfy s 14(1)(_a_) of the ITA, there must be a direct link
between the money borrowed and the income produced (at [ **39**]). This direct
link test found support in at least three Court of Appeal decisions and there
was no indication of any desire or need for it to be departed from (at
[**44**]). The test is also grounded in the statutory language of s 14(1)(_a_)
and in particular, the words “capital employed in acquiring the income” (at [
**48**]). In the Court’s judgment, although the test may apply in different
ways to different sets of facts, it is a test of general application under s
14(1)(_a_) of the ITA and it also applied to the present case (at [**46**]).

6 In applying the direct link test, a causal inquiry is necessary for the
satisfaction of the test (at [**51**]). This causal aspect of the test is not
incompatible with the scheme of the ITA (at [ **52**]).

7 It was not clear what the Taxpayer meant by its submission that deductions
should be allowed of interest paid on a loan that “represented” its income-
producing assets (at [**57**]). In any event, this test of representation is
not compatible with the language of s 14(1)( _a_) which connotes an active
nexus between the loan and the income acquired (at [**63**]); is not
compatible with the term “the income” in s 14(1)(_a_) which connotes a clear
nexus between the capital and the particular source of income from which a
deduction is sought to be made (at [**64**]); and places undue reliance on the
balance sheet of the taxpayer (at [**65**]). It is also not supported by the
local or foreign case authorities cited by the Taxpayer (at [**80**]).

8 Further, the Taxpayer’s submission that capital would be “employed in
acquiring the income” within the meaning of s 14(1)(_a_) if the taxpayer’s
income-producing asset were preserved or retained by such capital was not made
out on the evidence. To say that a loan retained or preserved certain income-
producing assets implies that there must have been at least a material risk of
the assets being sold, realised, or otherwise taken away from the taxpayer if
the loan was not taken out (at [ **85**]). On the evidence, it was clear that
there was no material risk that the Taxpayer’s income-producing assets would
have been taken away if the Shareholder Bonds had not been issued (at [
**86**]).

9 The Taxpayer’s appeal was therefore dismissed. Costs of $20,000 inclusive of
disbursements were ordered in favour of the CIT (at [ **100**]).

__

_This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
grounds of decision. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of
the Court. All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the
corresponding paragraph numbers in the Court’s judgment._

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

