Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 262

Suit No 125 of 2014

Between

(1)| Koh Keng Chew  
---|---  
(2)| Koh Oon Bin  
(3)| Koh Hoon Lye  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Liew Kit Fah  
---|---  
(2)| Liew Chiew Woon  
(3)| Pang Kok Lian  
(4)| Soh Kim Seng  
(5)| Soh Soon Jooh  
(6)| Poh Teck Chuan  
(7)| Samwoh Corporation Pte Ltd  
(8)| Samwoh Resources Pte Ltd  
(9)| Samwoh Infrastructure Pte Ltd  
(10)| Samgreen Pte Ltd  
(11)| Samwoh Marine Pte Ltd  
(12)| Samwoh Shipping Pte Ltd  
(13) | Resource Development Holdings Pte Ltd  
(14)| Highway International Pte Ltd  
(15)| Sam Land Pte Ltd  
(16)| Sam Development Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Companies] — [Oppression] — [Minority shareholders] — [Valuation of shares] —
[Discount on minority shares]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Koh Keng Chew and others

  
v

  

Liew Kit Fah and others

[2018] SGHC 262

High Court — Suit No 125 of 2014  
Chua Lee Ming J  
16 April 2018, 5 July 2018

28 November 2018

Chua Lee Ming J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiffs hold 28.125% of the shares in the 7th to 16th defendants.
They brought this action under s 216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev
Ed) (“the Act”) against the 1st to 6th defendants, who hold the remaining
71.875% of the shares. On 29 July 2016, I delivered my judgment in which I
gave an order for the 1st to 6th defendants to purchase the shares of the
plaintiffs in the 7th to 16th defendants: Koh Keng Chew and others v Liew Kit
Fah and others [2016] 4 SLR 1208.

2 The plaintiffs and the 1st to 6th defendants agreed on, and appointed, the
independent valuer to determine the price of the plaintiffs’ shares. However,
the parties could not agree on (a) the reference date for the valuation of the
shares, (b) the framework for the valuation process and (c) whether the valuer
should issue a reasoned valuation. On 23 January 2017, I gave certain
directions as to the reference date for the valuation of the shares and the
valuation process; I also decided against a reasoned valuation: Koh Keng Chew
and others v Liew Kit Fah and others [2018] 3 SLR 312.

3 Further disputes arose between the parties. The 1st to 6th defendants, as
the purchasers, took the position that the value of the plaintiffs’ shares
should be discounted for two reasons:

(a) the shares lack control because they are minority shares; and/or

(b) the shares lack marketability because, being shares in privately held
companies, they are subject to share transfer restrictions.

The plaintiffs disagreed. The valuer requested the parties to obtain my
directions as to whether any of the discounts should be applied to his
valuation of the plaintiffs’ shares.

4 On 5 July 2018, I directed that the value of the plaintiffs’ shares is not
to be discounted for either of the above reasons. The 1st to 6th defendants
have appealed against my decision.

5 As a preliminary point, I note that the 1st to 6th defendants have used the
expression “lack of marketability” to refer to the fact that the shares are
subject to share transfer restrictions. It seems to me that the expression
“lack of marketability” has a broader meaning. A lack of marketability
suggests that it is more difficult to sell the shares. It is true that share
transfer restrictions give rise to a lack of marketability in that such
restrictions make it more difficult to sell the shares compared to, for
example, listed shares. However, the lack of control can also give rise to a
lack of marketability. It is more difficult to sell minority shares because
such shares have no influence on the company or say in the management of the
company. In these grounds of decision, I shall refer to the effect of share
transfer restrictions as a “lack of free transferability”.

The law

6 An investor who takes up a minority shareholding in a privately held company
does so knowing full well that he does not have the voting power to influence
the management or direction of the company. He would have no legal remedies
arising from the mere fact that the directors and/or the majority shareholders
disagree with him. If, arising from such disagreement, he decides to exit his
investment in the company, he would have to accept that his minority shares
may not be as marketable as he would have liked and that the sale price that
he can expect to get may be discounted for lack of control and lack of free
transferability. He can, of course, also choose not to sell his shares. Either
way, he has no legal remedy.

7 However, if he can establish one or more of the grounds set out in s 216(1)
of the Act, then the remedies under s 216(2) are available to him. The grounds
under s 216(1) are, generally speaking, oppression, disregard of interests,
unfair discrimination and prejudice. Under s 216(2), the Court is empowered to
“make such order as it thinks fit” with a view to bringing to an end or
remedying the matters complained of.

8 One of the remedies that is commonly sought is a buyout order under which
the delinquent shareholder (or the company) may be ordered to purchase the
innocent shareholder’s shares. Unsurprisingly, the typical innocent
shareholder is a minority shareholder since the majority shareholder has the
voting power to effect change in the company.

9 It is well established that in making a buyout order under s 216(2) of the
Act, the court has a wide and unfettered discretion to reach a just and
equitable result: Margaret Chew, Minority Shareholders’ Rights and Remedies
(LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2017) (“Minority Shareholders’ Rights”) at para 4.303.
See, also, Hans Tjio, Pearlie Koh & Lee Pey Woan, Corporate Law (Academy
Publishing, 2015) at para 11.095. With respect to the price of the shares, the
role of the court is “merely to determine a price that is fair and just in the
particular circumstances of the case”: Yeo Hung Khiang v Dickson Investment
(Singapore) Pte Ltd and others [1999] 1 SLR(R) 773 at [72]. Whether or not a
discount is to be factored into the valuation would therefore depend on the
court’s assessment of the relative equities of the case: Minority
Shareholders’ Rights at para 4.304.

10 In many cases, courts have expressly provided that a discount for minority
shareholding should not be factored in the valuation: Minority Shareholders’
Rights at para 4.302 and the cases cited at footnote 873. In my view, there
are good reasons for this.

11 First and foremost, where a buyout order has been made under s 216(2),
fixing the price for the shares pro rata, according to the value of all the
shares in the company as a whole, is generally fair: see In re Bird Precision
Bellows Ltd [1984] 1 Ch 419 (“In re Bird”) at 430; O’Neill v Phillips [1999] 1
WLR 1092 at 1107D–E. As a starting point, this makes good sense. The buyout
order is a remedy that provides the innocent shareholder an exit from his
investment in the company. It is only fair that in exiting his investment in
the company, he should recover the full value of his interest in the company.
Adjustments to the value can then be made if it can be shown that such
adjustments are necessary to achieve a just and equitable result. With respect
to discounts, this means that the party asserting that a discount should be
applied has to satisfy the court that applying the discount would be fair and
equitable in the circumstances of the case.

12 Second, a discount for lack of control reflects the realities of a freely
negotiated transaction, ie, a transaction between a willing seller and a
willing buyer. In contrast, a buyout order under s 216(2) is an exercise of
the coercive power of the court: Poh Fu Tek and others v Lee Shung Guan and
others [2018] 4 SLR 425 at [38]. In proceedings under s 216, the innocent
shareholder is forced to seek an exit because of the majority shareholder’s
conduct and, as already mentioned, the buyout order is a remedy that allows
him to exit his investment in the company. In this context, it would be most
unfair that the minority shareholder should be bought out on the fictional
basis of a willing seller and willing buyer: In re Bird at 430. Further, even
as between a willing seller and willing buyer, such discounts, whilst common,
are nevertheless still a matter of negotiation.

13 The injustice that results from subjecting a buyout order under s 216(2) to
the fiction of a freely negotiated commercial transaction becomes stark when
one considers an order for the minority to buy out the delinquent majority,
which, although rare, is also possible under s 216. In a freely negotiated
commercial transaction, majority shares can command a premium. However, it
would be most unfair that the delinquent majority should receive a premium for
their shares pursuant to a buyout order under s 216(2): see In re Bird at 430.

14 Third, applying a discount to a minority shareholding gives the delinquent
shareholder a reward which he does not deserve: see Re Blue Index Ltd; Murrell
v Swallow and others [2014] EWHC 2680 (Ch) (“Re Blue Index”) at [26]. This
would be inconsistent with the purpose of the buyout order which is to provide
a remedy for the innocent shareholder.

15 I should emphasise that the fundamental principle remains throughout that a
buyout order under s 216(2), and any terms attached to it, must be just and
equitable. There is no general rule that there can never be a discount for
lack of control. However, as the cases clearly demonstrate, a discount for
lack of control cannot be justified as being just and equitable simply on the
ground that it is common in transactions between willing sellers and willing
buyers. What is just and equitable is to be tested against the specific facts
of each case, bearing in mind that the buyout order is a remedy that lets the
innocent shareholder exit his investment in the company.

16 In my view, the above reasons apply with equal force to the question of a
discount for lack of free transferability. Such a discount too cannot be
considered just and equitable simply on the ground that it is common in
transactions between willing sellers and willing buyers.

17 The 1st to 6th defendants referred me to Thio Syn Kym Wendy and others v
Thio Syn Pyn and another [2018] SGHC 54 (“Thio Syn Kym”) at [30] and [32] for
the proposition that a discount for lack of free transferability (referred to
in that case as “non-marketability”) should apply save in exceptional cases. I
do not think that Thio Syn Kym goes that far. In that case, the Court decided
to leave the question of whether to apply a discount for lack of free
transferability to be determined by the independent valuer. It was in this
context that the Court did not “foreclose the possibility that in an
exceptional case, the circumstances may warrant an order by the court that no
discount be applied in order to remedy the unfairness to the minority that
would otherwise result.”

18 In my view, the Court in Thio Syn Kym clearly recognised the overriding
principle that the buyout order, and the application of discounts, must be
fair. In deciding to leave the question of a discount for lack of free
transferability to the valuer, the Court must have concluded that it was the
fair thing to do on the facts of that case.

19 The plaintiffs referred me to Nourse J’s judgment in In Re Bird at 431 and
submitted that there is a strong presumption that no discount should be
applied where a buyout order is made in a quasi-partnership. Some of the
statements by Nourse J in In Re Bird may suggest such a presumption. However,
as the Court in Re Blue Index Ltd tried to explain (at [22]–[23]), Nourse J
was not drawing a distinction between a quasi-partnership and a non quasi-
partnership, but was drawing “a distinction between the general case where it
was unfair to treat the wronged petitioner as a willing seller and therefore
for the price to be fixed on a discounted basis, and the exceptional case
where it was fair to do so because (for example) he had acquired his shares at
a discounted price.”

20 For my part, I have no doubt that the mere fact that the case involves a
quasi-partnership is not a determining factor as to the general applicability
of a discount for a minority shareholding: see Re Blue Index at [24]–[25]. Re
Blue Index was applied in Re Addbins Ltd; Ashdown v Griffin [2015] EWHC 3161
(Ch). In my view, the question remains whether applying a discount would be
just and equitable on the facts. As a matter of principle, this question must
apply equally to both quasi-partnership and non quasi-partnership cases.

21 I would add that, in my view, the fact that an innocent minority
shareholder had bought his shares at a discounted price, does not by that fact
alone mean that it would necessarily be fair and equitable that his shares
should be sold at a discounted price pursuant to an order made under s 216(2).
All the facts and circumstances of the case must be considered.

22 In conclusion, in my view,

(a) the overriding principle when making a buyout order under s 216(2) of the
Act is that the order, including the application of any discount for lack of
control or lack of free transferability, must be just and equitable;

(b) as a starting point, the price for the shares that are subject to the
buyout order should be fixed pro rata according to the value of all the shares
in the company as a whole;

(c) the party asserting that a discount should be applied has to show that
applying the discount is just and equitable on the facts of the case;

(d) a sale of shares pursuant to a buyout order under s 216(2) is a sale under
compulsion. Therefore, applying a discount whether for lack of control or for
lack of free transferability cannot be considered to be just and equitable
merely on the ground that such discounts are common in freely-negotiated
commercial transactions; and

(e) whether a case involves a quasi-partnership is not a determining factor as
to the general applicability of a discount for a minority shareholding.

Applying the law to the facts

23 The plaintiffs commenced this action under s 216 of the Act against the 1st
to 6th defendants. Although the 1st to 6th defendants did not admit the
plaintiffs’ allegations of oppressive conduct, they agreed with the plaintiffs
that the relationship of mutual trust and confidence between the parties had
broken down and that a parting of ways had become inevitable. The parties also
agreed a buyout by one side was necessary and appropriate.

24 The dispute between the plaintiffs and the 1st to 6th defendants was over
who should buy out whom. Each side wanted to buy out the other. The parties
therefore asked this court to decide who should buy out whom. After a trial on
this single issue, I found that the 1st to 6th defendants were not unfit to
exercise control of the company and that therefore the usual order that the
majority buys out the minority sufficed as a remedy for the minority. In the
circumstances, I decided that the 1st to 6th defendants (the majority
shareholders) should buy out the plaintiffs (the minority shareholders).

25 The parties had agreed to the buyout order being made on the basis that s
216(2) of the Act had been invoked. In my view, the principles discussed above
were relevant and applicable to this case. As I had ordered a buyout of the
plaintiffs’ shares, the plaintiffs were entitled to their shares being valued
without any discount unless the 1st to 6th defendants could show that applying
discounts for lack of control and/or lack of free transferability would be
just and equitable.

26 The 1st to 6th defendants argued that the purpose of a valuation exercise
is to determine the “fair value” of the shares under valuation and that the
valuer should take into account commercial realities. However, as discussed
earlier, a buyout pursuant to s 216(2) is not a freely negotiated commercial
transaction. The buyout order that I made was an order made in the exercise of
the court’s coercive power pursuant to s 216(2). In fact, in this case,
whichever way I decided, it was clear that the selling parties would not be
willing sellers. “Commercial realities” was not sufficient reason to justify
applying a discount to the plaintiffs’ shares for lack of control and lack of
free transferability.

27 The 1st to 6th defendants also argued, relying on Thio Syn Kym, that the
question of whether a discount should be applied for lack of free
transferability, should be left to the valuer to decide. I have explained my
understanding of the decision in Thio Syn Kym in [18] above. More importantly,
in the present case, the valuer had expressly requested the parties to seek
the court’s directions as to whether discounts for lack of control and lack of
free transferability should be applied. In my view, the approach taken by the
valuer was correct. It is for the court to decide what is just and equitable.
The 1st to 6th defendants did not show why it would be just and equitable to
leave the question of a discount for lack of free transferability to the
valuer.

Conclusion

28 For the above reasons, I directed that discounts for lack of control and
lack of free transferability were not to be applied to the valuation of the
plaintiffs’ shares.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge

Lim Wei Lee and Daniel Tan Shi Min  
(WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiffs;  
Patrick Ang, Jared Kok and Chai Wei Han  
(Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the 1st to 6th defendants.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

