Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHCR 7

HC/S 620 of 2017  
HC/SUM 442 of 2018

Between

| HRA Corp (SG) Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Cheng Mun Yip Marcus  
---|---  
(2)| DeClout Ltd  
(3)| Eradite International Pte Ltd  
(4)| Wong Kok Khun  
(5)| Nah Nah Guan (Lan Lanyuan)  
  
… Defendants

Judgment

[Civil Procedure – Interim Payments]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
HRA Corp (SG) Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Cheng Mun Yip Marcus and others

[2018] SGHCR 7

High Court — Suit No 620 of 2017 (Summons No 442 of 2018)  
Justin Yeo AR  
18 April 2018

17 May 2018 Judgment reserved.

Justin Yeo AR:

1 This is an application for interim payment, under O 29 r 10 read with rr 11
and 12 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, Rev Ed 2014) (“Rules of Court”).

Background Facts

2 HRA Corp (SG) Pte Ltd (“the Plaintiff”) is a company incorporated in
Singapore. Mr Cheng Mun Yip Marcus (“the 1st Defendant”) is the Chief
Executive Officer of Acclivis Technologies and Solutions Pte Ltd (“Acclivis”).
DeClout Ltd (“the 2nd Defendant”), Eradite International Pte Ltd (“the 3rd
Defendant”) and the 1st Defendant were shareholders of Acclivis until 22
November 2016, when they disposed of the entire shareholding to CITIC
Consultancy 1616 Ltd (“CITIC”). Mr Wong Kok Khun (“the 4th Defendant”) is the
Chairman and Group Chief Executive of the 2nd Defendant, while Mr Nah Nah Guan
(“the 5th Defendant”) is a director of the 3rd Defendant. The present
application (“the Application”) is taken out by the Plaintiff against the 1st
Defendant only.

3 The parties have different accounts of some of the key background facts.
However, as the Plaintiff is seeking interim payment on the basis of an
alleged admission in the 1st Defendant’s pleaded case, I have largely
proceeded on the basis of the 1st Defendant’s account of events, as gleaned
from the 1st Defendant’s Defence & Counterclaim (“the Defence & Counterclaim”)
and the various affidavits filed.

4 At all material times, the 1st Defendant dealt with the Plaintiff through
one Mr Heiril Amos Jr (“Mr Amos”), who is the son of the sole director of the
Plaintiff. Mr Amos is the 2nd Defendant in the Counterclaim. The 1st Defendant
and Mr Amos had developed a close friendship, and had explored possible
business opportunities together. The 1st Defendant had the impression that Mr
Amos was the Plaintiff’s owner, decision-maker and alter-ego.

5 Sometime in September 2015, Acclivis required funds to proceed with a
business transaction. The 1st Defendant approached Mr Amos and informed him
that they could invest by way of subscription of new shares in Acclivis. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1st Defendant’s Written Submissions (6 March 2018) at paragraph 22; see also
the 1st Defendant’s Defence & Counterclaim (11 August 2017), at paragraph 8,
and the Statement of Claim (10 July 2017), at paragraph 9.

6 To this end, sometime in October 2015, the 1st Defendant entered into an
understanding with the Plaintiff through Mr Amos (“the Understanding”).
Pursuant to the Understanding, the 1st Defendant and the Plaintiff agreed to
co-invest in 2,787,516 shares of Acclivis (“Trust Shares”). Some of the other
salient terms of the Understanding include:

(a) The Plaintiff would contribute payment of $3,602,200 towards the
acquisition of the Trust Shares.

(b) The 1st Defendant would be the 100% legal owner of the Trust Shares, while
the Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant would each retain 50% beneficial interest
in the shares.

(c) Upon disposal of the Trust Shares, the net profit earned from the disposal
would be divided between the Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant in equal shares,
“after the initial contribution of S$3,602,200 is returned to the Plaintiff”.
2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1st Defendant’s Defence & Counterclaim (11 August 2017), at paragraph 9(c).

7 Pursuant to the Understanding, the Plaintiff made bank transfers to the 1st
Defendant’s personal bank accounts, and the 1st Defendant subscribed for the
Trust Shares.

8 On the night of 30 October 2015, Mr Amos and one Ms Pamela Chong (“Ms
Chong”) informed the 1st Defendant that some additional paperwork was required
to formalise the Understanding. By way of background, Ms Chong is a solicitor
who, according to the 1st Defendant, had acted for him by way of an “implied
retainer” in relation to negotiations concerning a shareholders’ agreement
with the 2nd and 3rd Defendants. Mr Amos and Ms Chong met the 1st Defendant
that night at the car park of his residence, and requested him to sign a trust
deed (“the Trust Deed”). The 1st Defendant did so, in reliance on Ms Chong’s
representation that this was so as to formalise the Understanding. In his
Defence & Counterclaim, the 1st Defendant has averred, amongst other things,
that he had not been given an opportunity to review the Trust Deed before
signing it, that the legal effect of the Trust Deed had not been explained to
him, and that Ms Chong had not advised him of his option to seek independent
legal advice. As such, he intended to dispute the validity and contents of the
Trust Deed at trial.

9 In the lead up to the sale of Acclivis, the 1st Defendant informed the
Plaintiff that there were debts amounting to $6,493,355.43 owed to Acclivis by
certain third party entities (“the Bad Debts”), and that these proved an
obstacle to the sale of Acclivis. These Bad Debts were owed by entities that
had been introduced to Acclivis by the Plaintiff, through Mr Amos. As such,
sometime in May 2016, the 1st Defendant and the Plaintiff entered into an
agreement (“the Bad Debts Agreement”) for the Plaintiff to make repayment of
the Bad Debts out of the Plaintiff’s portion of the sale proceeds from the
sale of the Trust Shares (“the Trust Shares Sale Proceeds”) in the event that
the Bad Debts were not paid by the time Acclivis was sold. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1st Defendant’s Defence & Counterclaim (11 August 2017), at paragraph 40(d).

The 1st Defendant would take over liabilities of any outstanding Bad Debts at
the time of Acclivis’ sale, and deduct these from the Plaintiff’s portion of
the Trust Shares Sale Proceeds. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1st Defendant’s Defence & Counterclaim (11 August 2017), at paragraph 40(d).

10 On 23 June 2016, CITIC entered into a Non-Binding Letter of Intent with the
1st to 3rd Defendants, which required that Acclivis’ books be cleared of debts
and intercompany loans prior to CITIC’s purchase of Acclivis’ shares.

11 As the Bad Debts had yet to be discharged, on 30 September 2016, the 1st
Defendant entered into two further agreements:

(a) First, the Receivable Assignment Agreement (“the RAA”), entered into with
Acclivis and PT Acclivis Technologies and Solutions (a subsidiary of
Acclivis), under which the 1st Defendant was assigned the Bad Debt.

(b) Second, the Shareholder Loan Assignment and Novation Agreement (“the
SLA”), entered into with Acclivis and the 2nd Defendant, under which Acclivis
assigned to the 1st Defendant the shareholder loan that it owed to the 2nd
Defendant.

12 On 12 October 2016, CITIC entered into a Sale and Purchase Agreement (“the
SPA”) with the 1st to 3rd Defendants for the sale of Acclivis. On the same
day, the 1st Defendant entered into two further agreements:

(a) First, a Price Variation Agreement (“the PVA”), entered into with the 2nd
and 3rd Defendants, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of Cheng Mun Yip Marcus (11 August 2017), at paragraph 30(c).

under which the 2nd and 3rd Defendants were to pay the 1st Defendant $8.5
million and $1,136,828 respectively. The rationale for the PVA was to
recognise the 1st Defendant’s contributions to Acclivis, and also so as to
enable the 1st Defendant to make certain commission payments and payments to
Acclivis’ customers. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Affidavit of Cheng Mun Yip Marcus (11 August 2017), at paragraph 33.

According to the 1st Defendant, the PVA was a separate agreement amongst the
1st to 3rd Defendants, and the sums received thereunder did not constitute the
Trust Shares Sale Proceeds. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Affidavit of Cheng Mun Yip Marcus (11 August 2017), at paragraph 34.

(b) Second, a Side Letter (“the Side Letter”), entered into by CITIC and the
1st Defendant, stipulating that a certain sum of money would be deferred from
the Trust Shares Sale Proceeds, and would be paid in accordance with the terms
of the Side Letter.

13 The 1st Defendant informed the Plaintiff that, in line with the Bad Debts
Agreement, he had to make payments towards the Bad Debts upon receiving the
Trust Shares Sale Proceeds. He exhibited a series of WhatsApp messages
exchanged between himself and Mr Amos on 24 October 2016, where he referred to
the Bad Debts and the fact that he needed to “pay a lot of pl… Incl the bad
debts”. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

1st Defendant’s Written Submissions (6 March 2018), at paragraph 39.

14 The above largely reflects the 1st Defendant’s account of events. The
Plaintiff had a different account in relation to several key points, which may
be summarised as follows: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s Reply to 1st Defendant’s Defence (19 September 2017).

(a) The Understanding did not exist. Instead, the agreement between the
parties was that the Plaintiff would be the sole beneficial owner of the Trust
Shares, as set out in the Trust Deed. There was never any contemplation or
discussion of the beneficial interest in the Trust Shares being shared between
the Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant; besides, the entire consideration of
$3,602,200 had been paid by the Plaintiff alone.

(b) In relation to the Trust Deed, Ms Chong acted only for the Plaintiff and
not the 1st Defendant. It should be kept in mind that the 1st Defendant was a
“savvy businessman” and the Managing Director of Acclivis. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s Reply to 1st Defendant’s Defence (19 September 2017), at paragraph
11.

Furthermore, the 1st Defendant had not denied the terms of the Trust Deed
despite receiving a copy of it subsequently.

(c) The Bad Debts Agreement did not exist. The parties never discussed the
possibility of the Plaintiff having to bear the Bad Debts. Even if the Bad
Debts were owed by parties introduced by the Plaintiff, the Plaintiff had no
legal obligation to repay the Bad Debts.

(d) In relation to the Trust Shares Sale Proceeds, the Plaintiff alleged that
the 1st Defendant had received at least $18,365,565.75 in total from CITIC
(under the SPA) and from the 2nd and 3rd Defendants (under the PVA). The
payments under the PVA were included in the calculation, in view that the PVA
was clearly related and directly referable to the SPA. As mentioned at [12(a)]
above, the 1st Defendant’s position was that the PVA was a separate agreement
altogether; as such, he claimed to have received only $8,728,737.75 as Trust
Shares Sale Proceeds (being $18,365,565.75 less the amounts received under the
PVA).

15 The Plaintiff commenced the present suit on 10 July 2017, claiming against
the 1st Defendant:

(a) a declaration that the 1st Defendant holds the amount of the entire Trust
Shares Sale Proceeds on trust for the Plaintiff, an order for account and an
order for payment for all sums found due to the Plaintiff on the taking of
such account (viz, a claim based on the Plaintiff’s proprietary interest in
the Trust Shares); or

(b) equitable compensation (viz, a claim for breach of fiduciary duties and
the Trust Deed).

16 On 5 September 2017, the Plaintiff obtained an order for an interim
injunction (“the Interim Injunction”), which restrained the 1st Defendant from
using, dealing with or disposing the Trust Shares Sale Proceeds that remain in
his possession, pending judgment in the present suit, or until further order.
The Interim Injunction remains in place as at the time of this judgment.

The Application

17 On 24 January 2018, the Plaintiff brought the Application, seeking an order
that the 1st Defendant pay the Plaintiff the sum of $3,602,200, or such sum as
the Court deems fit, by way of interim payment “on account of the 1st
Defendant’s admissions in respect of the Plaintiff’s claim herein”. The
grounds of the Application state:

This application is made pursuant to Order 29 rule 10 of the Rules of Court,
on the ground briefly, that the 1st Defendant has admitted in the Defence &
Counterclaim to be liable to the Plaintiff for at the least the sum of
S$3,602,200, and on further grounds as stated in the Affidavit of Heirul Azhar
Ahmad filed in support of this application.

18 The substantive grounds on which interim payment may be sought are provided
for in O 29 rr 11(1) and 12 of the Rules of Court, as follows:

Order for interim payment in respect of damages (O. 29, r. 11)

11.—(1) If, on the hearing of an application under Rule 10 in an action for
damages, the Court is satisfied —

(a) that the defendant against whom the order is sought has admitted liability
for the plaintiff’s damages;

(b) that the plaintiff has obtained judgment against the defendant for damages
to be assessed; or

(c) that, if the action proceeded to trial, the plaintiff would obtain
judgment for substantial damages against the defendant or, where there are 2
or more defendants, against any one or more of them,

the Court may, if it thinks fit and subject to paragraph (2), order the
defendant to make an interim payment of such amount as it thinks just, not
exceeding a reasonable proportion of the damages which in the opinion of the
Court are likely to be recovered by the plaintiff after taking into account
any relevant contributory negligence and any setoff, crossclaim or
counterclaim on which the defendant may be entitled to rely.

…

Order for interim payment in respect of sums other than damages (O. 29, r. 12)

12. If, on the hearing of an application under Rule 10, the Court is satisfied —

(a) that the plaintiff has obtained an order for an account to be taken as
between himself and the defendant and for any amount certified due on taking
the account to be paid;

(b) that the plaintiff’s action includes a claim for possession of land and,
if the action proceeded to trial, the defendant would be held liable to pay to
the plaintiff a sum of money in respect of the defendant’s use and occupation
of the land during the pendency of the action, even if a final judgment or
order were given or made in favour of the defendant; or

(c) that, if the action proceeded to trial, the plaintiff would obtain
judgment against the defendant for a substantial sum of money apart from any
damages or costs,

the Court may, if it thinks fit, and without prejudice to any contentions of
the parties as to the nature or character of the sum to be paid by the
defendant, order the defendant to make an interim payment of such amount as it
thinks just, after taking into account any set‑off, cross‑claim or
counterclaim on which the defendant may be entitled to rely.

19 The court approaches an application for interim payment in two stages
(American International Assurance Co Ltd v Wong Cherng Yaw and others [2009] 3
SLR(R) 1117 (“American International Assurance (HC)”) at [21]).

(a) At the first stage (“the First Stage”), the court must be satisfied that
one of the grounds stated in the sub-paragraphs of O 29 rr 11 or 12 of the
Rules of Court is established. If the court is so satisfied, it has the power
to grant an order for interim payment.

(b) At the second stage (“the Second Stage”), the court considers whether –
after taking into account any set-off, cross-claim or counterclaim on which
the defendant may be entitled to rely – it ought to exercise its discretion to
order interim payment, and if so, the quantum of such payment. Put another
way, the court considers all the circumstances of the case and determines
whether it is just to order interim payment.

20 I now address the issues raised at each of the stages.

The First Stage: Whether one of the grounds in O 29 rr 11 or 12 is established

21 There was initially some confusion as to the grounds on which the Plaintiff
was proceeding, because the Application did not specify the precise rule and
sub-paragraph relied on. The only substantive prayer in the Application
referred to interim payment “on account of the 1st Defendant’s admissions in
respect of the Plaintiff’s claim herein” (emphasis added). The words
“admissions” (in the substantive prayer) and “admitted” (in the specified
grounds – see [17] above) suggested that the Application was premised on O 29
r 11(1)(a) of the Rules of Court.

22 The Plaintiff subsequently clarified that it intended to proceed under
three separate and alternative grounds, namely:

(a) First, O 29 r 11(1)(a) of the Rules of Court, viz, that in an action for
damages, the 1st Defendant had admitted liability for the Plaintiff’s damages.

(b) Second, O 29 r 11(1)(c) of the Rules of Court, viz, that in an action for
damages, if the action proceeded to trial, the Plaintiff would obtain judgment
for substantial damages against the 1st Defendant.

(c) Third, O 29 r 12(c) of the Rules of Court, viz, that in an action for
other than damages, if the action proceeded to trial, the Plaintiff would
obtain judgment against the 1st Defendant for a substantial sum of money apart
from any damages or costs.

Whether requirements of O 29 r 11(1)(a) or (c) met

23 The arguments in relation to O 29 r 11(1)(a) and (c) of the Rules of Court
can be dealt with together, because counsel for the 1st Defendant, Mr Wendell
Wong (“Mr Wong”), objected on the same basis for both sub-paragraphs.

Parties’ Arguments on the First Stage

24 Mr Wong’s key contention was that because the Plaintiff’s claim against the
1st Defendant was founded on the breach of trust, the Plaintiff could not be
considered to have brought a claim for damages under O 29 r 11 of the Rules of
Court. As such, the Plaintiff’s reliance on any sub-paragraph in that rule was
“entirely misplaced” and “[did] not even take off”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

1st Defendant’s Supplementary Written Submissions (19 March 2018), at
paragraph 22.

Elaborating on this point, Mr Wong argued that there was a significant
distinction between “equitable compensation” and common law “damages” – in
particular, the latter is not available as a remedy for an equitable wrong
(citing Quality Assurance Management Asia Pte Ltd v Zhang Qing [2013] 3 SLR
631 (“Quality Assurance Management”) at [32]). This was a “distinction with a
difference” and one “of substance”, rather than mere semantics, given that it
reflected the different starting points of common law and equity, and the very
different purposes between the award of damages and equitable compensation
(citing Quality Assurance Management at [37]–[41]).

25 Counsel for the Plaintiff, Mr Low Chai Chong (“Mr Low”), contended that O
29 rr 11 and 12 of the Rules of Court were to be considered holistically and
ought not to be taken as mutually exclusive. Citing the English Court of
Appeal decision of Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc and another v Maclaine Watson
& Co Ltd and others [1987] 1 WLR 480 (“Shearson Lehman Brothers”), he argued
that the court should simply ask the single question of whether the
Application fulfilled the requirements of O 29 rr 11 and 12 of the Rules of
Court read as a whole, rather than considering separately and exclusively an
applicant’s entitlement under each rule. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s Supplemental Written Submissions (15 March 2018), at paragraphs 4
and 5.

On the basis of Shearson Lehman Brothers, Mr Low submitted that there was no
need to determine precisely which sub-paragraph of O 29 rr 11(1) and 12 of the
Rules of Court the Application was premised upon.

26 Mr Low further contended that, in any event, equitable compensation fell
within the meaning of “damages”, as may be seen from two Court of Appeal
decisions (viz, Yong Kheng Leong and another v Panweld Trading Pte Ltd and
another [2013] 1 SLR 173 at [43] (“… equitable compensation is a claim for
damages for breach of a fiduciary duty…”); and Dynasty Line Ltd (in
liquidation) v Sukamto Sia and another and another appeal [2016] 5 SLR 505
(“Dynasty Line”) at [14] (“… ‘damages’ is strictly speaking mere shorthand for
equitable compensation…”)). Mr Low thus argued that it was entirely
permissible for the Plaintiff to seek interim payment for equitable
compensation under O 29 r 11(1)(a) and (c) of the Rules of Court.

Decision on the First Stage

27 I begin first by considering Mr Low’s proposition that there was no need to
specify the sub-paragraphs upon which interim payment is sought, and that the
court should simply ask the single question of whether the Application
fulfilled the requirements of O 29 rr 11 and 12 of the Rules of Court read as
a whole. Mr Low relied on Shearson Lehman Brothers for this proposition.
Shearson Lehman Brothers is of persuasive value in interpreting O 29 rr 11 and
12 of the Rules of Court, particularly in the light that those rules are in
pari materia with the English rules that the English Court of Appeal had
considered. However, I do not think that the decision supports Mr Low’s
proposition in the context of the present case.

28 In Shearson Lehman Brothers, the applicants agreed to sell large quantities
of tin to the respondents under standard forms of contract incorporating the
rules and regulations of the London Metal Exchange. Before delivery took
place, dealings on the tin market were suspended, and when the applicants
tried to deliver the tin, the respondents refused to accept it. The committee
of the London Metal Exchange subsequently promulgated “Rule M”, fixing a
settlement price for all tin contracts affected by suspension. The respondents
admitted that they would have been liable to pay £7.2 million if the
applicants were willing to accept the validity of “Rule M”. However, the
applicants had denied the validity of “Rule M”, and claimed the full contract
price of £23.9 million, or alternatively, a minimum of £7.2 million as damages
for non-acceptance. The applicants sought interim payment, relying on their
alternative claim for non-acceptance at a minimum figure of £7.2 million. The
respondents took the position that if they were liable to pay damages, these
would not exceed £5.2 million.

29 At first instance, the High Court Judge found that the applicants would
recover either £5.2 million (as “damages” for non-acceptance) or £7.2 million
(under “Rule M”, which would be a sum of money “apart from any damages”). In
determining whether interim payment ought to be ordered, the learned Judge
considered two questions: first, whether the applicants would recover damages
for non-acceptance – the learned Judge answered “no”, because answering “yes”
would pre-judge the central question at trial in relation to the validity of
“Rule M”; and second, whether the applicants would recover the “Rule M”
difference (viz, £7.2 million) – the learned Judge again answered “no”,
because this would also pre-judge the central question. The learned Judge
therefore declined to order interim payment.

30 On appeal, the English Court of Appeal, through three separate judgments
(per Lloyd LJ, Nicholls LJ and Sir John Megaw), reversed the decision and came
to the unified conclusion that the applicants should be granted interim
payment of £5.2 million in the circumstances.

(a) Lloyd LJ found that the High Court Judge should have asked himself the
single question of whether the applicants would recover either damages for
non-acceptance, or the “Rule M” difference; had this single question been
asked, the answer would clearly have been “yes”. While O 29 rr 11(1) and 12 of
the Rules of Court were separate rules, the learned Lord Justice opined that
to read these rules separately on the facts would produce a result which was
“so obviously unsatisfactory that one is driven to look for another solution”
(Shearson Lehman Brothers at 486G). The learned Lord Justice therefore held
that O 29 rr 11(1)(c) and 12(c) of the Rules of Court ought to be read
together in the circumstances, and suggested a possible combined reading as
follows (Shearson Lehman Brothers at 487A–B):

If, on the hearing of an application under rule 10 in an action for damages
the court is satisfied that … the plaintiff would obtain judgment for
substantial damages … or that … the plaintiff would obtain judgment … for a
substantial sum of money apart from damages … the court may, if it thinks fit,
and without prejudice to any contentions of the parties as to the nature or
character of the sum to be paid by the defendant, order the defendant to make
an interim payment …..

(b) Nicholls LJ judgment proceeded along similar lines. The learned Lord
Justice observed that it would be “repugnant to commonsense and contrary to
the purposes of the interim payments code in Order 29” that, by adding a claim
for damages, the applicants thereby lost their entitlement to interim payment
that they would otherwise have had under O 29 r 12(c) of the Rules of Court
(Shearson Lehman Brothers at 193H).

(c) Sir John Megaw agreed with Lloyd and Nicholls LJJ, and opined that insofar
as the court was satisfied that there would be judgment for a substantial sum
under either O 29 rr 11(1)(c) or 12(c) of the Rules of Court, it did not have
to be concerned about whether the sum could technically be classified as
“damages” or otherwise (Shearson Lehman Brothers at 494–495).

31 In my view, Shearson Lehman Brothers does not provide support for Mr Low’s
proposition that there is no need to identify the precise ground upon which
the Application was premised. The English Court of Appeal was concerned with a
situation where the court was satisfied that the applicant would recover
either damages or a sum of money apart from damages. It was in those
circumstances that the English Court of Appeal held that the dichotomy between
O 29 rr 11 and 12 of the Rules of Court ought not to be interpreted literally
so as to deny the applicants the interim payment simply because it was not
possible to tell, at the interlocutory stage, whether the sum claimed would be
in the nature of damages or otherwise. The present case is quite different.
Here, there is no alternative legal basis for the Plaintiff’s claim for
$3,602,200 – both counsel proceeded on the basis that the sum was in the
nature of equitable compensation. The sole question was whether equitable
compensation fell within “damages” for the purposes of O 29 r 11(1) of the
Rules of Court.

32 In this regard, I acknowledge that both counsel have cited authorities in
support of their respective interpretations of whether “equitable
compensation” is a form of “damages”; but it ought to be noted that none of
the authorities cited concerned the use of the word “damages” specifically in
the context of O 29 rr 11 and 12 of the Rules of Court. I do note the force in
Mr Wong’s point that equating “damages” with “equitable compensation” would
render nugatory the apparent dichotomy between O 29 rr 11 and 12 of the Rules
of Court, and that a court would ordinarily be cautious about adopting an
interpretation that would have the effect of rendering rules otiose; but as
against this argument, it bears noting that O 29 rr 11 and 12 of the Rules of
Court have in fact been judicially criticised for being “difficult and
obscure” in “various respects”, with the English Court of Appeal going so far
as to suggest that the dichotomy ought not to have existed in the first place
(Shearson Lehman Brothers at 494B–C).

33 It is ultimately unnecessary for me to determine whether a claim for
equitable compensation can be brought under O 29 r 11(1) of the Rules of
Court. Nothing significant turns on this point in the present case, for two
reasons:

(a) First, regardless of whether a claim for equitable compensation can be
brought under O 29 r 11(1) of the Rules of Court, the 1st Defendant’s alleged
admission remains relevant in determining whether the First Stage is
established. Of course, if the issue is answered positively, the 1st
Defendant’s alleged admission may constitute a standalone ground in O 29 r
11(1)(a) of the Rules of Court. However, the same admission remains relevant
under the broader grounds in O 29 rr 11(1)(c) and 12(c) of the Rules of Court,
as it would go towards finding that the Plaintiff would obtain judgment for
“substantial damages” or “a substantial sum of money apart from any damages or
costs”. Nothing precludes the Plaintiff from relying on an admission under
those other rules, and the Plaintiff has in fact indicated that it is
proceeding under those other rules in the alternative (see [22] above).

(b) Second, the tail end of O 29 r 12(c) of the Rules of Court contains a
broad provision stating that it is “without prejudice to any contentions of
the parties as to the nature or character of the sum to be paid by the
defendant”. As Sir John Megaw observed, this phrase must mean that the court
need not trouble itself, in a claim under O 29 r 12(c) of the Rules of Court,
with the issue of the technical legal classification of the “sum to be paid”
thereunder (Shearson Lehman Brothers at 494F). This provides further comfort
and justification for assessing the Application under O 29 r 12(c) of the
Rules of Court.

34 In the circumstances, I proceed to assess if the requirements of O 29 r
12(c) of the Rules of Court are met in the present case.

Whether requirements of O 29 r 12(c) met

35 Under O 29 r 12(c) of the Rules of Court, the Plaintiff has to demonstrate
that if the action proceeds to trial, it would obtain judgment against the 1st
Defendant for a substantial sum of money.

Parties’ Arguments

36 Mr Low’s primary argument is that the 1st Defendant had admitted that the
Plaintiff had paid $3,602,200 for subscription of the Trust Shares, and that
the 1st Defendant had admitted that the sum had to be returned to the
Plaintiff. He relied on paragraph 9(c) of the Defence & Counterclaim, which
states:

Arising from the equal beneficial interest in the Trust Shares, upon disposal
of the Trust Shares, the net profit earned from the disposal of the Trust
Shares would be divided between the Plaintiff and [the 1st Defendant] in equal
shares (after the initial contribution of S$3,602,200 is returned to the
Plaintiff). [Emphasis added]

37 Mr Low further relied on paragraph 7 of the 1st Defendant’s reply affidavit
filed in the Application, which states: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Affidavit of Cheng Mun Yip Marcus (9 Feb 2018), at paragraph 7.

My averment in my Defence and Counterclaim is clear. As part of the
Understanding (defined in paragraph 9 of my Defence and Counterclaim), when
the Trust Shares were eventually sold, from the monies received from the sale
of the Trust Shares, the Plaintiff would first be entitled to the repayment of
S$3,602,200. Thereafter, the remaining monies would be divided equally between
the Plaintiff and myself. [Emphasis added]

38 Based on these paragraphs, Mr Low argued that the present case “is on all
fours” with the facts in American International Assurance (HC) and American
International Assurance (CA). In that case, an insurer discovered that it had
made a mistake in valuing certain funds, and therefore brought an action
against the policyholders for unjust enrichment and conspiracy, alleging that
they had knowingly exploited the mistake to their advantage. The policyholders
applied for interim payment of the invested capital. In opposing the interim
payment application, the insurer did not argue that the policyholders were not
entitled to the return of their capital investment; rather, its case was that
(a) there might be no capital to be returned in the light of the insurer’s
counterclaim for damages for conspiracy which should be set-off against the
capital investment; and (b) the capital investment was not guaranteed and as
such its quantum at the time of the set-off was indeterminate. On appeal, the
Court of Appeal found that refusing to order interim payment would effectively
be giving the insurer a security for its counterclaims, and would be analogous
to granting the insurer a Mareva injunction to meet its counterclaims
(American International Assurance (CA) at [28]). On the facts, as the insurer
had failed to show prima facie that the amount it was likely to recover would
exceed the policyholders’ investments, the Court of Appeal found it proper and
reasonable to exercise discretion to order a prudent amount of interim
payment.

39 Mr Wong maintained that the cited paragraphs had to be understood in the
proper context, and that upon a holistic appreciation of the Defence &
Counterclaim, the 1st Defendant had not in fact made any admission at all. To
this end, the 1st Defendant’s understanding of the mechanics on the
apportionment of the Trust Shares Sale Proceeds is as follows: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Affidavit of Cheng Mun Yip Marcus (9 Feb 2018), at paragraph 8.

Sum X = the sales proceeds obtained from the sale of the [Trust] Shares

[1st Defendant’s] share of Sum X = (Sum X – S$3,602,200) /2

Plaintiff’s share of Sum X (hereinafter “Sum Y”) = (Sum X – S$3,602,200) / 2 +
S$3,602,200

[emphasis in original]

40 The amount of the Trust Shares Sale Proceeds (viz, what the 1st Defendant
referred to as “Sum X”) is currently disputed. The Plaintiff has claimed that
Sum X is $18,365,565.75, whereas the 1st Defendant has taken the position that
Sum X is $8,728,737.75 (see [14(d)] above). If the 1st Defendant’s version is
accepted, the Plaintiff’s share of Sum X (viz, what the 1st Defendant referred
to as “Sum Y”) would be $6,165,468.88. However, the Bad Debts Agreement must
also be taken into account, and if so, a Sum Y of $6,165,468.88 would be
insufficient to pay off the Bad Debts, which amount to $6,493,355.43 (see [9]
above). In other words, it is not presently possible to determine whether Sum
Y is larger or smaller than the Bad Debts. The exact amounts of Sums X and Y
remain to be adjudicated at trial. If it transpires that Sum Y is larger than
the Bad Debts, then the court may order the 1st Defendant to pay the Plaintiff
the excess money; but if Sum Y is smaller than the Bad Debts, then Sum Y could
be extinguished by the Bad Debts and the result would be that the 1st
Defendant would not be liable to pay the Plaintiff any money. Mr Wong
therefore argued that the 1st Defendant cannot be taken to have admitted any
liability in relation to the $3,602,200.

41 Mr Low objected to the 1st Defendant’s reliance on the Bad Debts Agreement,
for two reasons.

(a) First, only defences and counterclaims which qualify as set-offs were to
be considered at the First Stage (citing American International Assurance (HC)
at [28]–[34]). In this regard, the 1st Defendant’s claim in relation to the
Bad Debts Agreement was a mere counterclaim that did not amount to a set-off,
and therefore should be disregarded for the purposes of the First Stage. To
elaborate:

(i) There was no legal set-off because: (A) the debts allegedly owed under the
Bad Debts Agreement were not due and payable; (B) the total amount of the
Plaintiff’s share of the Trust Shares Sale Proceeds is presently indeterminate
in view of the Side Letter; (C) the Plaintiff’s proprietary claim for the
Trust Shares Sale Proceeds cannot be set off against a monetary claim for a
debt owing under the Bad Debts Agreement (citing Blue Sky One Ltd v Mahan Air
[2010] EWHC 631 at [118]); and (D) the Bad Debts were owed by third parties
instead of the Plaintiff.

(ii) There was also no equitable set-off, because only cross-claims which were
so closely connected to the main claim that it would be manifestly unjust to
allow a claimant to enforce a payment without taking into account the cross-
claim would qualify as an equitable set-off (citing Pacific Rim Investments
Pte LTd v Lam Seng Tiong [1995] 2 SLR(R) 643 at [35]–[37]). In this regard,
the Bad Debts Agreement was an entirely different transaction from the
Understanding or the Trust Deed. Furthermore, they served different purposes –
the Trust Deed and Understanding governed the Plaintiff’s interest in the
Trust Shares, whereas the Bad Debts Agreement governed payments owed by third
parties to Acclivis.

(b) Second, in any event, the Plaintiff has denied the existence of the Bad
Debts Agreement, and the 1st Defendant’s claim in relation to the Bad Debts
Agreement was “simply unsustainable” for four reasons: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s Supplemental Written Submissions (15 March 2018), at paragraph 49
et seq.

(i) First, the Plaintiff would not have agreed to undertake such onerous
obligations “without executing any formal written agreement to this effect”.
16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s Reply to 1st Defendant’s Defence (19 September 2017), at paragraph
22.

To date, the 1st Defendant had produced “absolutely no evidence” to support
the existence of the Bad Debts Agreement, even after general discovery had
been completed. While the 1st Defendant claimed that the Bad Debts Agreement
was entered into “in or around May 2016” both “orally and in writing” via
“numerous conversations” and “Whatsapp messages exchanged”, none of the
Whatsapp messages bore this out. Furthermore, as late as 31 May 2016, the 1st
Defendant was still requesting Mr Amos to “press” one of the entities liable
for the Bad Debts; had the Bad Debts Agreement been in place, the 1st
Defendant would not have been making such requests.

(ii) Second, the Bad Debts Agreement, as pleaded, was unsustainable in law
because the 1st Defendant had failed to plead any consideration for the
agreement.

(iii) Third, the terms of the Bad Debts Agreement were unclear – in
particular, it was uncertain whether the Plaintiff’s share of the Trust Shares
Sale Proceeds to be applied to the Bad Debts included the sum of $3,602,200.

(iv) Fourth, the existence of the Bad Debts Agreement was contradicted by the
1st Defendant’s subsequent conduct. In particular, the 1st Defendant had
already received an assignment of the Bad Debt receivables under the SLA, and
had obtained judgment against one of the three entities liable for the Bad
Debts. If the Plaintiff truly bore liability for the Bad Debts, the
receivables ought to have been assigned to the Plaintiff instead.

42 Mr Wong argued that the 1st Defendant’s pleading in relation to the Bad
Debts Agreement formed part of his primary defence, separately and distinctly
from any set-off or counterclaim. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

1st Defendant’s Supplementary Written Submissions (19 March 2018) at paragraph
34.

The Plaintiff should not be allowed to selectively rely on part of the 1st
Defendant’s defence relating to the Understanding, without addressing the Bad
Debts Agreement, given that they were all part of an entire transaction
relating to the Trust Shares Sale Proceeds. He further argued that despite the
Plaintiff’s objections to the 1st Defendant’s reliance on the Bad Debts
Agreement, the Plaintiff had not sought to obtain judgment (under O 27 of the
Rules of Court) or strike out the 1st Defendant’s pleadings (under O 18 r 19
of the Rules of Court). This, Mr Wong submitted, was in recognition of the
reality that the Bad Debts Agreement raised numerous contentious issues of
fact and law which could only be determined at trial.

Decision

43 At the First Stage, the Plaintiff must demonstrate, on the balance of
probabilities, something more than a prima facie case that he would obtain
judgment for a substantial sum (Shearson Lehman Brothers at 489B). Other than
the Plaintiff’s case, the court will also consider any defences and
counterclaims which qualify as set-offs (American International Assurance (HC)
at [23]; American International Assurance (CA) at [16]).

44 I pause to note that there is some uncertainty as to whether independent
counterclaims (viz, counterclaims which do not qualify as set-offs) should be
considered at the First Stage. In American International Assurance (HC), the
High Court opined that there was no need to consider any independent
counterclaims at the First Stage, dissenting from the approach that had
apparently been taken in an English case (American International Assurance
(HC) at [28]–[34]). On appeal, the Court of Appeal ultimately declined to
decide on the “true position under our O 29 r 12(c)” in view that the matter
did not turn on this issue (American International Assurance (CA) at
[17]–[19]). In the present case, it is unnecessary for me to express a view on
this issue because the Bad Debts Agreement was expressly pleaded as part of
the defence itself and must therefore clearly be considered at the First
Stage.

45 I found the 1st Defendant’s explanation in relation to the mechanics for
apportionment of the Trust Shares Sale Proceeds (see [39] above) somewhat
difficult to reconcile with the language in paragraph 9(c) of the Defence &
Counterclaim and paragraph 7 of his affidavit (see [36] and [37] above). The
language used did indeed suggest – as Mr Low contended – that the 1st
Defendant was obliged to first repay to the Plaintiff the sum of $3,602,200
out of the Trust Shares Sale Proceeds. Furthermore, while Sum X is presently
disputed, even if one were to proceed on the 1st Defendant’s premise that Sum
X is $8,728,737.75, there would still be a sufficient money to render
$3,602,200 the minimum amount payable. The mere fact that Sum X is disputed
therefore does not detract from the fact that under the Understanding (and
ignoring the Bad Debts Agreement for the moment), the Plaintiff could well be
entitled to a minimum sum of $3,602,200.

46 However, I agree with Mr Wong that the Defence & Counterclaim must be read
in its entirety. In this regard, I accept that the Bad Debts Agreement was
expressly pleaded as a defence to liability. Based on the pleadings as they
stand, the 1st Defendant’s case is that the Bad Debts Agreement is very much
part of an entire transaction that had commenced with the Understanding.

47 Despite Mr Low’s arguments (see [41(b)] above), I am not convinced that the
Bad Debts Agreement ought to be ignored in assessing whether the First Stage
is satisfied. The law does not preclude the Bad Debts Agreement from being a
valid agreement simply because it may be oral in nature; and in any case, the
1st Defendant has exhibited some documentary evidence evincing that there
might have been conversations in relation to management of the Bad Debts. I am
also not convinced that the Bad Debts Agreement lacked contractual
consideration – indeed, it is not fantastical to recognise that unless the Bad
Debts were dealt with, they may have been an impediment to the sale of
Acclivis’ shares (see [9]–[10] above). As to whether the 1st Defendant’s
subsequent conduct contradicted the existence of the Bad Debts Agreement, this
is an issue that ought to be determined at trial; it is not possible to
determine this issue on the basis of affidavit evidence at the interlocutory
stage.

48 In the circumstances, I disagree with Mr Low that the present case is “on
all fours” with American International Assurance. Unlike the insurer in
American International Assurance, the 1st Defendant has expressly taken the
position that whether the Plaintiff is entitled to a return of the $3,602,200
is an issue that is in itself indeterminate, because the Understanding (which
is the source of the Plaintiff’s alleged entitlement for payment of
$3,602,200) must be understood in the light of the Bad Debts Agreement.
Furthermore, unlike in American International Assurance where the insurer
failed to show prima facie that the amount it was likely to recover would
exceed the policyholders’ investments, in the present case, if the 1st
Defendant’s valuation of the Trust Shares Sale Proceeds is accepted and the
Bad Debts Agreement is taken into consideration, the Bad Debts would exceed
the sum payable to the Plaintiff; in which case, the Plaintiff would not be
entitled to a minimum sum of $3,602,200 (see [40] above).

49 In view of the foregoing, I find that the Plaintiff has failed to establish
any ground in O 29 rr 11 or 12 of the Rules of Court. Accordingly, the
Plaintiff has failed to satisfy the First Stage.

The Second Stage: Whether the court should exercise discretion to order
interim payment

50 Having found that the Plaintiff has failed to satisfy the First Stage, it
is not necessary for me to consider the Second Stage. However, even if I had
found that the requirements of the First Stage were met, I would not have
exercised discretion in favour of ordering interim payment.

Parties’ Arguments on the Second Stage

51 Mr Low argued that it would be just to order interim payment in the present
case. He pointed out that it was no longer necessary for an applicant to
demonstrate any need or prejudice so as to justify an order for interim
payment (citing Main-Line Corporate Holdings Ltd v United Overseas Bank Ltd
[2010] 2 SLR 986 (“Main-Line Corporate Holdings”) at [32]). Therefore, if the
Plaintiff was entitled to a minimum sum of $3,602,200, the 1st Defendant ought
to make such payment without further delay.

52 He further argued that the 1st Defendant had sufficient funds to meet an
order for the interim payment of $3,602,200. This was because the 1st
Defendant had confirmed that $2,927,682.32 of the Trust Shares Sale Proceeds
remained in his possession, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Affidavit of Cheng Mun Yip Marcus (26 November 2017), at paragraph 4.

an amount which was secured by way of the Interim Injunction. In addition, the
1st Defendant’s counsel had given an undertaking in relation to $600,000 of
the Trust Shares Sale Proceeds paid to them by the 1st Defendant. The total
amount available to the 1st Defendant would therefore be $3,527,682.32, which
was close to the $3,602,200 sought. Mr Low further expressed that if the court
was unwilling to order $3,602,200, the Plaintiff would be satisfied with an
interim payment of $3,527,682.32.

53 Mr Wong argued that discretion should not be exercised in favour of interim
payment, for four reasons.

(a) First, the objectives of interim payment were not met in the present case.
This was because the Plaintiff had not shown any evidence of hardship of
prejudice. Indeed, there would be no prejudice to the Plaintiff if interim
payment was not made, in view that the Plaintiff’s interests were sufficiently
protected by the Interim Injunction.

(b) Second, and related to the above, the Trust Shares Sale Proceeds were
already the subject of the Interim Injunction. Seeking interim payment of
$3,602,200 would be to vary the Interim Injunction “via the back door”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

1st Defendant’s Written Submissions (6 March 2018) at para 96.

This was improper and could result in contradictory court orders being made
against the 1st Defendant.

(c) Third, the present dispute involved complex issues of fact or law. While
this in itself was not a bar to an order for interim payment, it would not be
appropriate to invoke the court’s power to order interim payment where the
factual and legal issues raised were difficult. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

1st Defendant’s Written Submissions (6 March 2018) at para 84.

(d) Fourth, there was every possibility that the Plaintiff would not be
entitled to any payment in the light of the Bad Debts Agreement; in fact,
depending on the valuation of Sum X, the Plaintiff may instead be liable to
the 1st Defendant for $327,886.55, being the Bad Debts ($6,493,355.43) less
Sum Y ($6,165,468.88) (see [40] above).

Decision on the Second Stage

54 At the Second Stage, the court has a wide discretion in deciding whether to
exercise its power to grant interim payment (American International Assurance
(HC) at [54]). Some of the factors that the court may take into consideration
include the following:

(a) First, whether there is hardship, need or prejudice to the applicant (see
American International Assurance (HC) at [54] and Main-Line Corporate Holdings
at [32]; also see Shearson Lehman Brothers at 492G). Where interim payment is
needed to mitigate hardship or need, or to avoid prejudice, a court would more
readily exercise its discretion to order such payment. I pause here to
acknowledge that the Court of Appeal had held in Main-Line Corporate Holdings
that it may not be necessary for an applicant to show need or prejudice before
an interim order may be made. However, this proposition has to be understood
in its proper context – it was a response to an argument that interim payment
should not be ordered because the applicant had not suffered any hardship. As
the Court of Appeal observed, there was no basis for such a restriction on the
court’s discretion (Main-Line Corporate Holdings at [32]). It is also
important to note that the Court of Appeal did not at any point state that
hardship, need or prejudice was irrelevant or no longer a factor for
consideration in assessing whether interim payment should be ordered; indeed,
quite the contrary, the Court of Appeal expressly recognised that need or
prejudice was the “usual basis” for seeking interim payment (Main-Line
Corporate Holdings at [32]).

(b) Second, whether liability had already been established in the proceedings.
If liability had been established, as was the case in Main-Line Corporate
Holdings, it would be “generally appropriate and just to make an interim order
where there will be some delay until the final disposal of the case” (Main-
Line Corporate Holdings at [33]).

(c) Third, whether the case discloses sufficient complex issues of fact and
law that require resolution by trial, although this factor would not preclude
the ordering of interim payment if there is evidence establishing with
reasonable certainty the minimum sum that the applicant is likely to recover
at trial (American International Assurance (CA) at [32]).

55 I turn now to the present facts. Even assuming that the Plaintiff had
successfully established the First Stage, I do not think that discretion
should be exercised in favour of ordering interim payment, because I am not
satisfied that any of the three factors outlined above (or, indeed, any other
relevant factor) operate in favour of ordering interim payment.

(a) First, Mr Low did not demonstrate any hardship, need or prejudice to the
Plaintiff. In my view, there appears to be no (or negligible) prejudice to the
Plaintiff because the Interim Injunction is already in place to protect the
Plaintiff’s interests insofar as the present suit is concerned.

(b) Second, the main plank of Mr Low’s argument was that the Plaintiff had a
strong case for repayment of the $3,602,200, and that it would be appropriate
to order interim payment because there would be some delay before the case is
finally disposed of. However, it must be kept in mind that unlike in Main-Line
Corporate Holdings, liability has not yet been established in the present
case; as such, this factor would not operate with equal strength here. Indeed,
the existence of the 1st Defendant’s counterclaims – which must certainly be
considered at the Second Stage regardless of whether they are independent
counterclaims or otherwise – means that the Plaintiff might not ultimately be
awarded the $3,602,200 sought.

(c) Third, there are legal and factual issues that require resolution by
trial. It would not be possible to determine these issues without engaging in
a microscopic examination of the facts, some of which are disputed. For
instance, it is not possible to determine the veracity of the arguments
concerning the Bad Debts Agreement (whether as a defence, a counterclaim
amounting to a set-off, or an independent counterclaim) in these interlocutory
proceedings. It is also not possible to assess the validity of the Trust Deed
without the benefit of the trial, given that the 1st Defendant has contended
that it was signed by mistake and has cited numerous factual circumstances
surrounding its signing. Before me, there is insufficient evidence to
establish with reasonable certainty the minimum sum that the Plaintiff is
likely to recover at trial.

Conclusion

56 I therefore dismiss the Application, and will hear parties on costs.

Justin Yeo  
Assistant Registrar

Mr Low Chai Chong, Mr Zhulkarnain Abdul Rahim and Ms Michelle Lee Ying-Ying
(Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the Plaintiff;  
Mr Wendell Wong, Ms Denise Teo and Ms Evelyn Tan  
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the 1st Defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

