Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 24

Originating Summons No 727 of 2015

Between

(1)| Jhaveri Darsan Jitendra  
---|---  
(2)| Jhaveri Jashma Darsan  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Salgaocar Anil Vassudeva  
---|---  
(2)| Chandana Anil Salgaocar  
(3)| Lakshmi Anil Salgaocar  
(4)| Sameer Anil Salgaocar  
(5)| Poornima Anil Salgaocar  
(6)| Arjun Anil Salgaocar  
  
… Defendants

Originating Summons No 945 of 2015

Between

(1)| Capital Glory Investments Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Newton Noble Properties Pte Ltd  
(3)| Sino Noble Asset Management Pte Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Salgaocar Anil Vassudeva  
---|---  
(2)| Lakshmi Anil Salgaocar  
(3)| Sameer Anil Salgaocar  
(4)| Poornima Anil Salgaocar  
(5)| Chandana Anil Salgaocar  
(6)| Arjun Anil Salgaocar  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Land] — [Caveats]

[Companies] — [Incorporation of companies] — [Reverse piercing]

[Companies] — [Incorporation of companies] — [Lifting corporate veil]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Jhaveri Darsan Jitendra and others

  
v

  

Salgaocar Anil Vassudeva and others

[2018] SGHC 24

High Court — Originating Summonses Nos 727 and 945 of 2015  
Kannan Ramesh J  
20 April; 4, 22 May; 8 June, 26–27 July; 7 September; 16, 17 October 2017

31 January 2018

Kannan Ramesh J:

1 By Originating Summonses Nos 727 and 945 of 2015 (“OS 727” and “OS 945”),
the plaintiffs applied under s 127(1) of the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004
Rev Ed) (“the Land Titles Act”) for the removal of caveats (“the Caveats”)
that were lodged by the first defendant (“Salgaocar”) against several
properties (“the Properties”). On 16 October 2017, I allowed the plaintiffs’
applications in OS 727 and OS 945 and delivered detailed oral grounds. The
defendants have now appealed. These are the full grounds of my decision.

Facts

The parties

2 The plaintiffs in OS 727 are Mr Jhaveri Darsan Jitendra (“Darsan”), a
businessman based in Hong Kong, and his wife. They are the registered
proprietors of six units in Newton Imperial (“the Newton Imperial Units”), a
condominium development. The Newton Imperial Units form the subject matter of
OS 727.

3 The plaintiffs in OS 945 are three Singapore-incorporated companies (“the
Companies”). Darsan is the sole shareholder of the third plaintiff in OS 945
and of Singapore Star Properties Pte Ltd, which is the sole shareholder of the
first and second plaintiffs in OS 945. Darsan is also the managing director of
the Companies. Collectively, the Companies are the registered proprietors of
11 units in Waterford Residence (“the Waterford Units”), a condominium
development, and 12 units in WCEGA Tower (“the WCEGA Units”), a commercial
property development. Specifically, the first and second plaintiffs in OS 945
are the registered proprietors of three and eight of the Waterford Units
respectively while the third plaintiff in OS 945 is the registered proprietor
of the WCEGA Units. The Waterford Units and the WCEGA Units form the subject
matter of OS 945.

The lodging of the Caveats and the commencement of OS 727 and OS 945

4 On 2 July 2015, Salgaocar lodged the Caveats.

5 On 5 August 2015, the plaintiffs in OS 727 instituted OS 727, applying for
the removal of the caveats lodged against the Newton Imperial Units. On 15
October 2015, the Companies commenced OS 945, applying for the removal of the
caveats lodged against the Waterford Units and the WCEGA Units.

Suit 821

6 On 11 August 2015, Salgaocar commenced Suit No 821 of 2015 (“Suit 821”)
against Darsan. The claim in Suit 821 was critical to the assessment of the
merits of OS 727 and OS 945. This was because Salgaocar’s case was that he had
lodged the Caveats to preserve his alleged interests in the Properties pending
the determination of the claim in Suit 821. In other words, the basis of the
Caveats was Salgaocar’s claim in Suit 821.

7 In Suit 821, Salgaocar sought, inter alia, a declaration that Darsan held
assets, including the Properties, on trust for him and an order that Darsan
convey the Properties to him. Salgaocar’s claim in Suit 821 centred on an
alleged agreement he reached in or around December 2003 with Darsan in Hong
Kong (“the December 2003 Agreement”). The crucial elements of the December
2003 Agreement were as follows:

(a) Salgaocar would establish special purpose vehicles (“SPVs”) in, inter
alia, the British Virgin Islands (“the BVI” and “the BVI SPVs”), to conduct
businesses and hold assets. He would provide all the funding for the SPVs’
activities, including the acquisition of assets, the making of investments and
operational expenses, and would completely control their businesses and
finances.

(b) Darsan would be the shareholder and/or director of the SPVs and hold the
shares in the SPVs as Salgaocar’s nominee shareholder and/or on trust for
Salgaocar. Darsan would comply with all of Salgaocar’s instructions relating
to the SPVs and their assets. Salgaocar would be the sole beneficial owner of
all of the shares in the SPVs and/or any assets held by the SPVs.

8 Why the December 2003 Agreement was reached is explained by the events that
unfolded thereafter. Salgaocar was a man of substantial means and stature. He
had major business interests in India and was a prominent politician in the
state of Goa. According to him, in or around April 2004, he procured Salgaocar
Mining Industries Pvt Ltd, a company incorporated in India which owned several
mines there, and which Salgaocar controlled, to sell iron ore to the BVI SPVs.
In turn, the BVI SPVs sold the iron ore to entities in China at much higher
prices and thus reaped substantial trading profits in the region of US$690m.
Salgaocar then incorporated several SPVs, some of which in Singapore (“the
Singapore SPVs”). Part of the trading profits earned by the BVI SPVs were
channelled to the Singapore SPVs for the purpose of undertaking investments
and various businesses. The profits were used, inter alia, to develop Newton
Imperial and purchase units in WCEGA Tower and Waterford Residence.

9 In Suit 821, Salgaocar claimed that Darsan committed breach of trust and
fiduciary duties in, inter alia, the following ways:

(a) by transferring the Newton Imperial Units from Great Newton Properties Pte
Ltd (“Great Newton”), one of the Singapore SPVs and the developer of Newton
Imperial, to Darsan and Darsan’s wife; and

(b) by failing to procure the return of, inter alia, the Waterford and WCEGA
Units to Salgaocar, upon his demand for the return of the same.

Events after the filing of Suit 821

10 As mentioned earlier, on 15 October 2015, the Companies commenced OS 945,
applying for the removal of the caveats lodged against the Waterford Units and
the WCEGA Units.

11 On 28 December 2015, Darsan applied to strike out Suit 821.

12 On 1 January 2016, Salgaocar unfortunately passed away. It would seem he
left no will.

13 On 23 June 2016, the plaintiffs obtained an order that Salgaocar’s widow
(“Lakshmi”) and four children be joined as parties to OS 727 and OS 945. No
letters of administration had been obtained in respect of his estate at that
stage.

14 Thereafter, on about 29 June 2016, an alleged dispute arose between Lakshmi
and her elder daughter (“Chandana”) over who should represent Salgaocar’s
estate. After Lakshmi had applied for the grant of letters of administration,
Chandana commenced an action in the Family Justice Courts to challenge
Lakshmi’s entitlement to the grant of letters of administration (“the FJC
Action”). The following events then transpired:

(a) On 13 March 2017, Lakshmi applied to stay OS 727 and OS 945 pending the
determination of the FJC Action, and the grant of letters of administration
for Salgaocar’s estate. On the same day, Lakshmi also applied to convert OS
727 and OS 945 to writ actions.

(b) On 20 April 2017, I directed Lakshmi and Chandana to each file an
affidavit in relation to the FJC Action within two weeks, ie, by 4 May 2017.
The affidavit was to exhibit the pleadings in the FJC Action, describe the
status of the same and include a list of directions made in the FJC Action for
the furtherance of the proceedings.

(c) On 4 May 2017, Lakshmi and Chandana sought permission not to file the
pleadings in the FJC Action. Their solicitors confirmed that they would file
affidavits setting out the background to the FJC Action and the directions
made therein. After considering the matter, I ordered Lakshmi and Chandana to
provide drafts of the text of the affidavits to the court and the plaintiffs
by 15 May 2017. Subject to the undertaking given by the plaintiffs’ counsel,
Mr Ang Cheng Hock SC (“Mr Ang”), that the content of the pleadings in the FJC
Action would not be disclosed to the plaintiffs, I ordered Lakshmi and
Chandana to make available the pleadings to the court and the solicitors for
the plaintiffs by 15 May 2017.

(d) However, Lakshmi and Chandana did not comply with my directions. On 22 May
2017, the parties appeared before me and counsel for Lakshmi and Chandana
explained that this was because they were on the brink of settling their
alleged dispute in the FJC Action after mediation. I directed Lakshmi and
Chandana to file affidavits by 8 June 2017 setting out the status of the
mediation and, in the event that a settlement was reached, timelines for
securing letters of administration for Salgaocar’s estate.

(e) On 8 June 2017, the parties appeared before me once more and I made
further directions to move the matter forward. I also made clear that no
further extensions of time or indulgence would be granted to Lakshmi and
Chandana.

(f) On 20 June 2017, Lakshmi applied for OS 727 and OS 945 to be consolidated
with Suit 821.

Finally, on 3 July 2017, Lakshmi was appointed the sole administratrix of the
estate of Salgaocar. On 26 July 2017, I allowed Lakshmi’s application to
withdraw her application to stay OS 727 and OS 945. I also allowed the
plaintiffs’ application to withdraw OS 727 and OS 945 against all the
defendants except for Salgaocar and Lakshmi. I did not make any orders on
Lakshmi’s application for consolidation of proceedings but proceeded to hear
the parties on the merits of OS 727 and OS 945.

15 I now turn to the parties’ submissions.

The parties’ submissions

16 The parties did not dispute the law governing the removal of caveats and
their submissions proceeded from this common ground. In Tan Yow Kon v Tan Swat
Ping and others [2006] 3 SLR(R) 881 at [77], Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then
was) cited with approval Lord Diplock’s statement of the relevant principles
in Eng Mee Yong and Others v V Letchumanan s/o Velayutham [1980] AC 331 (“Eng
Mee Yong”), an appeal to the Privy Council from Malaysia. In that case, Lord
Diplock held at 337D that the caveator has the onus of meeting the following
two requirements to maintain the caveat:

(a) First, the caveator must establish that “on the evidence … his claim to an
interest in the property does raise a serious question to be tried” [emphasis
added].

(b) Secondly, the caveator must then establish that the balance of convenience
favours maintaining the caveat.

In this regard, Lord Diplock noted that a caveat operates in much the same way
as an interlocutory injunction and brings into play the same principles.

17 The plaintiffs submitted as follows:

(a) First, Salgaocar’s claim to an interest in the Properties did not raise
any serious question to be tried because, even if all of Salgaocar’s factual
allegations in Suit 821 were accepted:

(i) Salgaocar would not have any interest in the Properties, and therefore the
Caveats had been lodged without basis; and

(ii) the December 2003 Agreement would be unenforceable under the rule in
Foster v Driscoll [1929] 1 KB 470 (“Foster”), because that agreement would
have been to carry out acts which were contrary to the laws of India.

(b) Secondly, in any event, the balance of convenience did not lie in favour
of maintaining the caveats.

(c) Thirdly, the defendants were committing an abuse of process in seeking to
delay the removal of the Caveats.

18 The plaintiffs also argued that Suit 821 was automatically discontinued
under O 21 r 2(6) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the
Rules of Court”). Under that provision, an action is deemed discontinued if no
step is taken by a party in the action for more than one year (unless the
court extends the one-year deadline). According to the plaintiffs, the last
step taken by a party to Suit 821 occurred on 28 December 2015, when Darsan
applied to strike out Suit 821 (see [11] above). Suit 821 was deemed
discontinued after 28 December 2016 because no further step was taken in Suit
821 by that date.

19 The defendants submitted as follows:

(a) First, Salgaocar’s claim to an interest in the Properties did raise a
serious question to be tried for the following reasons:

(i) there were serious issues to be tried regarding whether Salgaocar had a
beneficial interest in the Properties under:

(A) the principles of lifting the corporate veil; and

(B) the principle of “reverse piercing”.

In any event, Salgaocar would have a caveatable interest in the Properties
merely by virtue of being the beneficial shareholder of the Singapore SPVs
(ie, Great Newton and the Companies) that owned the Properties. I should point
out in this regard that the defendants did not contend that Darsan and
Salgaocar had agreed pursuant to the December 2003 Agreement that the assets
of the SPVs (or for present purposes the Singapore SPVs that owned the
Properties) would be held on trust for Salgaocar.

(ii) the rule in Foster did not apply; and further, the expert evidence on the
point was unsatisfactory and the complexity of the issues pertaining to
foreign illegality warranted a trial.

(b) Secondly, in any event, the balance of convenience favoured maintaining
the caveats.

(c) Thirdly, the defendants had not abused the process of the court.

20 The defendants also denied that Suit 821 was automatically discontinued
under O 21 r 2(6) of the Rules of Court. At a pre-trial conference for Suit
821 on 30 June 2016, the court had directed Chandana to apply for letters of
administration of the estate of Salgaocar. Chandana duly complied with this
direction. The defendants argued that this was a step in Suit 821 for the
purposes of O 21 r 2(6) that restarted the one-year deadline under O 21 r
2(6). Suit 821 had therefore not been discontinued and was still pending.

My decision

21 As noted at [16] above, the law governing the removal of caveats was
undisputed. It is settled that in an application under s 127(1) of the Land
Titles Act for a caveat to be removed, the caveator must establish (1) a
serious question to be tried in relation to his claim to an interest in the
property and (2) that the balance of convenience favours maintaining the
caveat.

22 The plaintiffs submitted that Salgaocar’s claim to an interest in the
Properties did not raise a serious question to be tried (see [17(a)] above). I
first considered the first prong of this submission, ie, the argument that
even if all of Salgaocar’s factual allegations in Suit 821 were accepted, he
would not have an interest in the Properties (see [17(a)(i)] above). Assessing
this argument requires understanding exactly what the fulcrum of Salgaocar’s
case in Suit 821 was. It is to this inquiry that I now turn.

Salgaocar’s claim in Suit 821

23 In Suit 821, Salgaocar claimed that he was beneficially entitled to assets,
including the Properties, title to which was held by the SPVs, by virtue of
the December 2003 Agreement (see [7] above). Plainly, it was not sufficient
for him to simply claim an interest in the Properties for there to be a
serious question to be tried. A claim to an interest does not in and of itself
raise a serious issue to be tried. What is critical is the basis of that
claim. Does the basis of the claim give rise to a serious question to be
tried? In this regard, when examining the basis of the claim, the focus must
be on the substance of the case that is being asserted to sustain the claim of
a caveatable interest. Scattered or passing references to an interest would
not suffice. If on the pleadings and the affidavits, the grounds for or the
substance of Salgaocar’s claim to an interest in the Properties did not
support a serious question to be tried, the Caveats could not be maintained.

24 The plaintiffs submitted that there was no serious question to be tried.
According to the plaintiffs, the basis of Salgaocar’s claim in Suit 821, as
correctly understood, was his contention that he beneficially owned all the
shares in the SPVs by reason of the December 2003 Agreement. That was why the
December 2003 Agreement was the crux of Suit 821: Salgaocar claimed that by
virtue of that agreement, he was the sole beneficial owner of the shares in
the SPVs. Yet even if Salgaocar had owned all of the shares in the SPVs, he
would not have owned their assets. The SPVs were separate legal entities
holding assets in their own name. Title to those assets vested in the SPVs,
not in Salgaocar. The plaintiffs thus averred that there was no serious
question to be tried relating to Salgaocar’s claim to an interest in the
Properties. I should observe that it was to meet this submission and to lay
claim to the Properties that counsel for Lakshmi argued that I should lift the
corporate veil or have regard to the purported principle of reverse piercing
(see [43] below).

25 After carefully reviewing the statement of claim in Suit 821, along with
the affidavits filed by Salgaocar (before his passing), Lakshmi and Chandana,
and submissions filed in these applications, I came to the view that the
plaintiffs’ characterisation of Salgaocar’s claim in Suit 821 was accurate. In
this regard, as the fulcrum of the claim was the December 2003 Agreement, it
was important to understand the scope of the alleged agreement. I will now set
out some relevant extracts from the statement of claim in Suit 821.

26 The statement of claim in Suit 821 began with a description of what the
parties agreed under the December 2003 Agreement:

2\. Following discussions between [Salgaocar] and [Darsan] in Hong Kong in the
Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel in or around December 2003, it was agreed and/or
there was a common understanding and/or intention between [Salgaocar] and
[Darsan] (“the December 2003 Agreement”), as follows:

…

c) [Darsan] would be a shareholder and/or director of the SPVs, and would hold
the shares in the SPVs as [Salgaocar’s] nominee shareholder and/or fiduciary
and/or for the benefit of and/or in trust for[Salgaocar]. Further and/or
alternatively, [Darsan] was to hold his positions within the SPVs (including
his position as shareholder and/or director and/or bank signatory of the SPVs)
as a nominee and/or fiduciary and/or otherwise for the benefit of or to act on
the instructions of [Salgaocar]. …

d) [Salgaocar] would be the sole beneficial owner of all the shares issued in
the SPVs … and all monies and/or investments and/or other assets held by the
SPVs … [Darsan] would hold any interest he may have in the SPV Assets on trust
for [Salgaocar].

…

[emphasis added]

It seemed plain from this description that the crux of the December 2003
Agreement, according to Salgaocar, was that Darsan held the shares in the SPVs
on trust for him. Admittedly, it was pleaded in para 2(d) of the statement of
claim that under the December 2003 Agreement, Salgaocar would be “the sole
beneficial owner of … all monies and/or investments and/or other assets held
by the SPVs”, and that Darsan “would hold any interest he may have in the SPV
Assets on trust for [Salgaocar]”. I address this at [31] below.

27 The statement of claim then recounted the parties’ background (paras 9–17),
details relating to the Salgaocar’s iron ore trading activities (paras 18–35),
the BVI SPVs (paras 36–64), the deployment of the trading profits (paras
65–67), and certain Swaziland investments (paras 68–81). The statement of
claim turned next to the Singapore SPVs and the activities of the same (paras
82–118). It is important to note that the iron ore trading were business
activities of the BVI SPVs. Consequently, the profits thereby generated were
theirs, not Salgaocar’s. The deployment of the profits into investments were
therefore acts of the BVI SPVs, not Salgaocar.

28 The statement of claim then set out various alleged breaches of duty
committed by the defendant in Suit 821, ie, Darsan. As noted at [31(a)] below,
it is significant that Salgaocar did not name any of the SPVs that allegedly
held assets on trust for him, of which the Great Newton and the Companies are
four, as parties to Suit 821. It was first alleged that Darsan made
unauthorised changes to some of the Singapore SPVs (paras 119–122). Salgaocar
then pleaded the following:

XIII. THE PROPERTIES AND/OR [DARSAN’S] DUTIES UNDER THE TRUST

123\. [Salgaocar] avers that [Darsan] held and continues to hold all his
shareholdings in the [BVI SPVs] and the [Singapore SPVs] on trust and/or for
the benefit of [Salgaocar] and/or as [Salgaocar’s] nominee shareholder.

124\. In addition, insofar as [Darsan] was a shareholder and/or director
and/or bank signatory of the [BVI SPVs] and the [Singapore SPVs], [Darsan]
held such positions as a nominee and/or fiduciary and/or trustee and/or for
the benefit of [Salgaocar].

125\. Pursuant to the trust and/or fiduciary duties set out above, [Darsan]
(personally and/or through companies controlled by him and/or in the various
companies which he holds on trust and/or for the benefit of [Salgaocar]) held
and continues to hold as trustee and/or constructive trustee and/or for the
benefit of [Salgaocar] the Trust Assets and/or all traceable proceeds of the
Trust Assets …

[emphasis added]

It again seemed clear from these paragraphs that on Salgaocar’s case, Darsan
held the shares in the SPVs on trust for him pursuant to the December 2003
Agreement. While Salgaocar averred in para 125 of the statement of claim that
Darsan held assets on trust for him, this was stated to be “[p]ursuant to the
trust and/or fiduciary duties set out above”, ie, the trust over the shares
described at paras 123–124 of the statement of claim. Paragraph 125 further
spoke of Darsan holding assets on trust for Salgaocar “personally and/or
through companies controlled by him and/or in the various companies which he
holds on trust” [emphasis added]. Plainly, if title to the assets was in the
name of the SPVs, Darsan could not have been holding those assets on trust for
Salgaocar. It would have been the SPVs which held the assets on trust for
Salgaocar. It is clear as a matter of common sense and law that Darsan, not
being owner of the assets of the SPVs, could not be said to be holding those
assets on trust for Salgaocar. The statement of claim in Suit 821 is bereft of
any assertion that the SPVs held their assets on trust for: (a) Darsan who in
turn held them on a sub-trust for Salgaocar; or (b) Salgaocar. As noted at
[31(a)] below, it is significant that Salgaocar did not name any of the SPVs
that allegedly held assets on trust for him, of which the Great Newton and the
Companies were four, as parties to Suit 821. This merely confirms that the
December 2003 Agreement extended to only the shares in the SPVs. Accordingly,
the assertion in para 125 that Darsan held the assets on trust for Salgaocar
must be properly understood in its context. It indicated that Salgaocar’s
claim that assets were held on trust for him had to be interpreted rather
broadly. In gist, what was averred was that Darsan was obliged to control and
deal with the SPVs’ assets for the benefit of Salgaocar. That was in turn
because, on Salgaocar’s case, Darsan held the shares in the SPVs on trust for
Salgaocar, and was to act in accordance with his instructions.

29 My view in this regard was fortified by the subsequent paragraphs of the
statement of claim. These paragraphs set out alleged breaches of trust and/or
fiduciary duties committed by Darsan and not by the various SPVs (paras
127–176). Finally, in para 177, Salgaocar averred that he had lodged the
Caveats to prevent Darsan, not the Companies, from wrongfully disposing of the
Properties. Further, in his affidavits filed in response to OS 727 and OS 945,
Salgaocar took the same position that he pleaded in Suit 821, and requested
that the Caveats be maintained pending the determination of Suit 821 (see [6]
above). Mr Ang also brought my attention to two documents that supported my
finding that the crux of the December 2003 Agreement was that Darsan held the
shares in the SPVs on trust for Salgaocar. These were (a) Lakshmi’s affidavit
filed in support of her application to stay these proceedings and (b)
Chandana’s submissions for OS 727 and OS 945:

(a) Lakshmi deposed that Salgaocar’s case was that Darsan held his shares in
the SPVs “as [Salgaocar’s] nominee shareholder and/or fiduciary and/or for the
benefit of [Salgaocar] and/or in trust for him”. She emphasised that under the
December 2003 Agreement, Salgaocar “was to remain the sole beneficial owner of
all the shares in the [SPVs]”; and that Darsan was to comply with all of
Salgaocar’s instructions relating to monies or assets held in the names of the
SPVs. Lakshmi did not suggest that the December 2003 Agreement provided for
the SPVs’ assets to be held on trust for Salgaocar.

(b) In Chandana’s submissions, she summarised Salgaocar’s case by stating that
Salgaocar’s assets and interests, including the Properties, were held through
the Singapore SPVs. Darsan was a shareholder and director of these SPVs.
Chandana thus distinguished between the assets of the SPVs, which were held by
the SPVs, and the shares of the SPVs, which were held by Darsan. The
foundation of Salgaocar’s case against Darsan pertained to the beneficial
ownership of the shares in the SPVs.

While I recognised that both Lakshmi and Chandana were not party to the events
surrounding the formation of the December 2003 Agreement, it was pertinent
that their understanding of the basis of the claim in Suit 821 was no
different from the plaintiffs’ characterisation of the same (see [24] above).

30 I further found that Salgaocar did not advance any other ground, ie, apart
from his alleged shareholding in the Singapore SPVs, for his claim to the
Properties. To begin with, I found it significant that in addressing the
points on separate legal personality noted at [33]–[43] below, the defendants
raised the Reverse Piercing, Lifting the Veil and Shareholding Arguments (see
[43] below). They did not identify any basis for Salgaocar’s claim to the
Properties apart from his alleged shareholding in the relevant Singapore SPVs.
On the contrary, the Reverse Piercing and Shareholding Arguments were founded
on his alleged shareholding in the relevant Singapore SPVs. I found this
telling. If there were some other basis for Salgaocar’s claim to the
Properties, the defendants would have raised it when faced with the difficulty
for their case presented by the separate legal personality of the relevant
Singapore SPVs. However, they did not do so. This demonstrated that
Salgaocar’s claim to an interest in the Properties was founded on his alleged
shareholding in the relevant Singapore SPVs.

31 More particularly, I found that it was not Salgaocar’s case in Suit 821
(nor in OS 727 and OS 945) that the December 2003 Agreement provided for the
SPVs’ assets to be held on trust for Salgaocar. I reiterate that the
defendants did not take this position in their submissions or in the hearings
of OS 727 and OS 945 (see [19(a)(i)] above). Nor did Lakshmi suggest this in
her affidavit (see [29(a)] above). I accept that it was pleaded in para 2(d)
of the statement of claim in Suit 821 that under the December 2003 Agreement,
Salgaocar would be “the sole beneficial owner of … all monies and/or
investments and/or other assets held by the SPVs”, and that Darsan “would hold
any interest he may have in the SPV Assets on trust for [Salgaocar]” (see [26]
above). There were also other scattered references in the statement of claim
that might be interpreted to mean that Salgaocar’s case was that the SPVs’
assets were held on trust for him, as in para 125 of the statement of claim
(see [28] above). However, I came to the view that (1) Salgaocar’s case could
not be interpreted in this way and (2) if it was to be interpreted in this
way, his claim to an interest in the Properties would not raise a serious
question to be tried, for the following reasons:

(a) First, the SPVs were not named as parties to Suit 821. No reliefs were
sought against them directly. Yet if Salgaocar’s case was that the SPVs’
assets were subject to a trust, the SPVs would surely have to be named and
would have been named as parties to Suit 821. Significantly, Salgaocar did not
name them.

(b) Secondly, it seemed that the December 2003 Agreement would only have
created a trust over the SPVs’ assets, which bound the SPVs, if the SPVs, ie,
companies which are separate legal persons, had been party to the December
2003 Agreement. But they were not. The SPVs had not even been formed at the
time of the December 2003 Agreement. Indeed, the Singapore SPVs were not even
in contemplation then.

(c) Thirdly, having close regard to the flow of the statement of claim in Suit
821 (see [26]–[29] above), the substance of Salgaocar’s case was that Darsan
held the shares in the SPVs on trust for him. That was the foundation of the
allegations of breach of trust and breach of fiduciary duty that were pleaded
against Darsan, and Darsan alone.

(d) Fourthly, if Salgaocar beneficially owned the SPVs’ assets, it was
difficult to comprehend why it was also pleaded that the trust extended to any
beneficial interest that Darsan might have had in the SPVs’ assets (see the
last sentence of para 2(d) quoted at [26] above). Salgaocar would already have
been the beneficiary of the trust over the SPVs’ assets. This confusion
illustrates the difficulty in comprehending Salgaocar’s case.

(e) Fifthly, I found it very difficult to accept that the Salgaocar and
Darsan, as parties to the December 2003 Agreement, would have intended that a
trust would arise not only over the shares of the SPVs, but also over their
assets.

(i) If Salgaocar was the beneficial owner of the shares in the SPVs, he would
have had full control over the SPVs and their assets. The context is
important. Salgaocar and Darsan were friends or at the very least close
business acquaintances, when the alleged trust was created and the latter was
obviously trusted. In this light, and bearing in mind that control of the
shares would ensure control of the SPVs, there would have been no reason for
Salgaocar to assert a trust over assets of companies that had yet to be
formed. On the contrary, and critically, beneficial ownership of the assets
would have undermined what appeared to be the likely purpose of incorporation,
ie, to enable Salgaocar to control the assets without having title to the same
in his name. It was obvious that the purpose of the December 2003 Agreement
was to clothe Salgaocar with a degree of anonymity from the trading activities
that were being undertaken by the SPVs. This would go towards explaining in
part the informal manner in which the trust was created, with another reason
for the informality possibly being the obvious trust and confidence Salgaocar
reposed in Darsan.

(ii) The SPVs, on Salgaocar’s pleaded case in Suit 821, were not shell
companies. They made investments, acquired assets and some carried on
substantial businesses. For example, Great Newton purchased the land on which
Newton Imperial stands in a collective sale and then developed and sold units
in Newton Imperial in its own name as developer under the Housing Developers
(Control and Licensing Act) (Cap 130, 1985 Rev Ed). Other SPVs carried on a
shipping business and invested in ports in India. In other words, they were
incorporated for business purposes and were carrying out legitimate
businesses. I struggled to understand how it could be said that the assets in
the names of these SPVs deployed or used by them for the purpose of what
appeared to be legitimate commercial activities were not in fact theirs, but
held on trust for Salgaocar. The facts are clearly distinguishable from those
in Prest v Petrodel Resources Ltd and others [2013] 2 AC 415 (“Prest”), a case
cited by counsel for Lakshmi, Mr Liew Teck Huat (“Mr Liew”). In Prest, the UK
Supreme Court held that two companies (“PRL” and “Vermont”) held seven
residential properties on resulting trust for the appellant’s husband and the
wife could therefore lay claim to the properties in seeking ancillary relief
in matrimonial proceedings. Both PRL and Vermont were in the business of oil
trading: see Prest at [11], [14] and [51]. There are several distinguishing
features:

(A) First, the court concluded that the husband solely funded the acquisition
of these properties. There was a paucity of evidence, as a result of the
companies’ and the husband’s contumelious conduct in not complying with
disclosure orders, that the companies had funded the purchases. This led the
court to draw the conclusion that the husband had funded the purchases, which
gave rise to a resulting trust. By contrast, in the present case, the
Properties were acquired with funds that derived from the business activities
of the various SPVs, starting with the trading profits of the BVI SPVs. On
Salgaocar’s case, these were bona fide business activities. If so, the profits
thereby generated and the assets acquired as a result would have belonged to
the SPVs, not Salgaocar.

(B) Second, Prest was a case of a resulting trust. The court there found that
the absence of evidence to the contrary led to the conclusion that a trust
imposed by equity arose. On the other hand, the trust in question here was an
alleged express trust created by the December 2003 Agreement. This then begs
the primary question as to why Salgaocar would have intended that trust to
extend beyond the shares of the SPVs to their assets when control of the
shares gave him effectively control over the assets. I have explained why
there is no basis for such a view sufficient to raise a serious question to be
tried at [(i)] to [(ii)] above.

(C) Thirdly, in delivering the principal judgment of the court, Lord Sumption
JSC emphasised that six of the properties were acquired before the companies
began operations, during a period where PRL’s sole function appeared to have
been to hold title to the properties and act as a channel for funding property
purchases by related companies: see Prest at [11], [48] and [51]. Lord
Sumption JSC also noted that the residential properties had nothing to do with
the oil trading business: Prest at [51]. The companies were thus found to be
holding the properties on trust for the husband. This again is not the case
here. The assets were acquired in the course of the legitimate economic
activity of these companies and as part of their business (at least on
Salgaocar’s case). The example of Great Newton Imperial, the developer of
Newton Imperial, stands out in this regard. The facts in Prest are thus far
removed from those here, where at least some of the SPVs were holding assets
for the purposes of their business activities and acquired the same in the
course of their operations.

32 In sum, I found that Salgaocar’s claim to an interest in the Properties was
founded on his contention that he was beneficially entitled to the shares in
the relevant Singapore SPVs. Salgaocar’s case was that Darsan held those
shares on trust for him. This meant that Salgaocar would not have an interest
in the Properties.

Separate legal personality

33 It followed that Salgaocar’s claim to an interest in the Properties faced
serious difficulties, in view of the fundamental principle that a company is a
separate legal person from its shareholders. This was established in Salomon v
Salomon & Company, Limited [1897] AC 22, and is “the bedrock of company law
not just in Singapore but also throughout the common law world”: Goh Chan Peng
and others v Beyonics Technology Ltd and another and another appeal [2017] 2
SLR 592 (“Beyonics”) at [75] (per Judith Prakash JA).

34 The principle of separate legal personality implies that even if one owns
all of the shares in a company, one does not own the company’s assets. Those
assets belong to the company alone. This was recognised by the House of Lords
in Macaura v Northern Assurance Company, Limited, and Others [1925] AC 619
(“Macaura”). In that case, Macaura sold timber to a company. He was the sole
shareholder of the company. Subsequently, he insured the timber in his own
name. Most of the timber was then destroyed in a fire. Macaura sought to claim
on the insurance policies. The House of Lords unanimously held that he had no
insurable interest in the timber because it had belonged to the company alone.
Lord Buckmaster made the following observations at 626–627:

Now, no shareholder has any right to any item of property owned by the
company, for he has no legal or equitable interest therein. He is entitled to
a share in the profits while the company continues to carry on business and a
share in the distribution of the surplus assets when the company is wound up.
[emphasis added]

Lord Sumner remarked as follows (at 630):

My Lords, this appeal relates to an insurance on goods against loss by fire.
It is clear that the appellant had no insurable interest in the timber
described. It was not his. It belonged to the Irish Canadian Sawmills, Ltd.,
of Skibbereen, co. Cork. … He stood in no “legal or equitable relation to” the
timber at all. … His relation was to the company, not to its goods, and after
the fire he was directly prejudiced by the paucity of the company's assets,
not by the fire. [emphasis added]

Lord Wrenbury simply said (at 633):

My Lords, this appeal may be disposed of by saying that the corporator even if
he holds all the shares is not the corporation, and that neither he nor any
creditor of the company has any property legal or equitable in the assets of
the corporation. [emphasis added]

35 The principle recognised in Macaura – that a shareholder of a company does
not own its assets – has been endorsed in Singapore:

(a) In Public Prosecutor v Lew Syn Pau and another [2006] 4 SLR(R) 210,
Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) observed at [194] that it was “firmly
established” that “[t]he owner of a company does not own the company’s assets.
The company owns its assets”.

(b) In Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG and another and another appeal
[2009] 3 SLR(R) 452 (“Beckkett”), the Court of Appeal applied Macaura. In that
case, the appellant owned approximately 75% of the shares in a company (“SME”)
which in turned owned 99.9% of the shares in another company (“Asimco”).
Asimco took out a loan from the respondent to purchase shares in two companies
(“Adaro” and “IBT”), which was secured by a pledge of the appellant’s shares
in SME and Asimco’s shares in Adaro and IBT. Asimco defaulted in repaying the
loan, and the Bank thereafter sold the pledged shares. The appellant then
sought to set aside the sale. The Court of Appeal held at [84] that the
appellant had no standing to set aside the sale of the Adaro and IBT shares,
because those shares belonged to Asimco and not the appellant.

36 Further, in the recent case of Lakshmi Anil Salgaocar v Vivek Sudarshan
Khabya [2017] 4 SLR 1124 (“Vivek”), George Wei J (“Wei J”) recognised and
applied the principle that a shareholder of a company does not own its assets.
Notably, Vivek also involved Lakshmi and engaged very similar issues to this
case. It concerned Million Dragon Wealth Ltd (“MDWL”), a BVI-incorporated
company, which was also referred to in the statement of claim in Suit 821. I
will therefore set out the facts and the reasoning in Vivek in some detail.

37 In Vivek, Lakshmi sued one Vivek Sudarshan Khabya (“Vivek”), the chief
executive officer of MDWL. Prior to his passing, Salgaocar was the sole
director and shareholder of MDWL. MDWL was in turn the sole shareholder of 22
BVI-incorporated companies, which each owned one unit in Newton Imperial (ie,
the condominium development six units of which are the subject of OS 727: see
[2] above): see Vivek at [3]. I will refer to the 22 units in Newton Imperial
owned by MDWL’s 22 subsidiaries as “the 22 Units”. This point – that MDWL had
22 subsidiaries which owned a total of 22 units in Newton Imperial – was also
pleaded in the statement of claim in Suit 821.

38 The 22 Units were leased out to tenants, and the rental income was paid
into an escrow account held for MDWL. In essence, Lakshmi’s action against
Vivek concerned the rental income from the 22 Units. Her case was that Vivek
and another party had “acted in concert … to deprive the Estate of its assets
by, inter alia, misappropriating or seeking to misappropriate the rental
income of the 22 subsidiaries of MDWL”: see Vivek at [15].

39 Vivek applied for the court to strike out Lakshmi’s claim, on the basis
that Lakshmi had not been appointed as the administrator of Salgaocar’s estate
and thus had no capacity to act for the estate: see Vivek at [29]. The
assistant registrar held that Lakshmi had no standing to sue Vivek and struck
out the suit. Lakshmi appealed against this decision. On appeal, she argued
that she had standing to sue Vivek as a beneficiary of Salgaocar’s estate,
relying, inter alia, on Wong Moy v Soo Ah Choy [1996] 3 SLR(R) 27 (“Wong
Moy”). In that case, the Court of Appeal held that a beneficiary of an estate
may, in certain circumstances, sue to recover assets belonging to the estate,
even if the beneficiary has not obtained letters of administration: see Vivek
at [31].

40 Wei J dismissed Lakshmi’s appeal. In short, he held that the principle in
Wong Moy did not apply where a beneficiary sought to assert an interest in
property that had not belonged to the deceased, nor belonged to the estate,
but was held by a company owned by the deceased. In this regard, Wei J made
the following pertinent remarks at [53]–[57] and [60] of Vivek:

[53] What is clear about the Wong Moy line of authorities is that none of
these cases involves a beneficiary seeking to assert an interest in income or
assets which belongs to a company. …

[54] The present case is different … the claims are based on allegations that
the defendant has dealt with the funds and assets of MDWL and its 22
subsidiaries without authority.

[55] Unlike Wong Moy … what stands between the beneficiaries of the Estate and
the MDWL documents, rental income and the 22 units themselves is not a trust
but the corporate forms of MDWL and the 22 subsidiaries. …

[56] Whatever his reasons for doing so, it is clear that [Salgaocar] made a
choice to have these assets held through corporate vehicles: separate legal
entities who do not depend on their shareholder’s natural life for their own
life and personality. I wholly agree with the AR that the 22 units and the
rental income they generate belong to the 22 subsidiaries and to MDWL
respectively, which are legal entities separate from [Salgaocar]. The title in
the 22 units and the rental income they generate did not belong to
[Salgaocar], nor have they vested in the Estate by virtue of [Salgaocar’s]
passing. … Strictly speaking, the assets of the Estate are only the assets
that belonged to [Salgaocar] prior to his demise – the shares in MDWL. Even
upon the grant of letters of administration, the administrator will not
automatically gain title to the 22 units or to their rental income. He or she
will instead gain title to the shares which, upon distribution, will entitle
the beneficiaries to participate in the company as shareholders. They may then
gain control of (and eventually, title to) the assets and income of MDWL, for
example, by resolving to liquidate the company and distributing its assets. …

[57] Thus, an application of the Wong Moy authorities can only bring the
plaintiff so far as entitling her to sue to recover, protect or preserve the
shares in MDWL, but not MDWL’s income or assets.

…

[60] Quite apart from any positions Shanmuga or the defendant may have taken
in other proceedings, the point remains that the property and the profits of a
company, even a single-shareholder-cum-single-director company like MDWL,
belong to the company, and not to its shareholder (Lee v Lee’s Air Farming Ltd
[1961] 1 AC 12 at p 30). There being no basis for treating [Salgaocar’s]
assets as MDWL’s assets, I do not think the Wong Moy line of authorities will
assist the plaintiff to obtain the reliefs she seeks.

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Wei J’s reasoning in these passages was founded on the distinction between
ownership of the shares of a company and ownership of its assets. The
principle in Wong Moy did not apply because the former did not imply the
latter. In Vivek, even if Salgaocar had owned the shares in MDWL, he did not
own the 22 Units nor the rental income that they generated. Rather, title to
the same vested in MDWL’s 22 subsidiaries which owned the 22 Units.

41 In my judgment, the very same distinction – between ownership of the shares
of a company and ownership of its assets – was critical in this case.
Conceptually, the nature of Salgaocar’s alleged interest in Vivek was no
different from that asserted in OS 727 and OS 945 and in Suit 821: namely,
ownership of the shares in the SPVs which owned assets. Even if Salgaocar had
owned all the shares in the SPVs, he did not own their assets, including the
Properties. The SPVs were separate legal entities that owned their assets
alone. Notably, there was no appeal against Wei J’s judgment. That would only
suggest that Salgaocar’s interest only extended to the shares in the SPVs and
not their assets. This is pertinent because it further undercuts the notion
that Salgaocar was the beneficial owner of the assets of the SPVs. As noted at
[36] above, MDWL was one such SPV referred to in the statement of claim for
Suit 821. Therefore, if Salgaocar had a beneficial interest in the assets of
the SPVs, he would have had a beneficial interest in MDWL’s assets. Yet
tellingly, it was not Lakshmi’s case in Vivek that Salgaocar had beneficially
owned MDWL’s assets.

42 Furthermore, the properties owned by the first and second plaintiffs in OS
945, ie, the Waterford Units and the WCEGA Units, were in fact one layer
further removed from Salgaocar’s claim in Suit 821. This was because the
direct shareholder of the first and second plaintiffs was not Darsan, but
Singapore Star Properties Pte Ltd (which was owned by Darsan) (see [3] above).
Thus, adopting the terminology used by Wei J in Vivek at [55] (see [40]
above), what stood between Lakshmi’s claim and the Waterford Units and the
WCEGA Units was not just the corporate form of the first and second
plaintiffs, which owned the Waterford Units and the WCEGA Units, but also that
of Singapore Star Properties Pte Ltd, which owned the shares in the first and
second plaintiffs.

43 For these reasons, I formed the preliminary view that the principle that a
shareholder of a company does not own its assets created serious difficulties
for Salgaocar’s claim to an interest in the Properties. Nevertheless, Mr Liew
sought to persuade me that there was a serious issue to be tried in relation
to Salgaocar’s claim to an interest in the Properties. To this end, Mr Liew
raised three arguments, which I shall refer to as “the Reverse Piercing
Argument”, “the Lifting the Veil Argument” and “the Shareholding Argument”. I
will now address these three arguments in turn.

The Reverse Piercing Argument

The parties’ submissions

44 First, Mr Liew submitted that the principle of “reverse piercing” applied
with the consequence that Darsan and/or his nominees held the Properties on
constructive or resulting trust for Salgaocar. I should say at the outset that
I struggled to follow the logic of this argument. What I understood Mr Liew to
be contending was this. Salgaocar had established and controlled an array of
companies (ie, the SPVs) of which he was the alter ego. The principle of
reverse piercing could thus be applied, with the result that the court could
find, notwithstanding the separate legal personality of the relevant Singapore
SPVs, that Darsan and/or his nominees held the Properties on trust for
Salgaocar. There was therefore a serious issue to be tried in relation to
Salgaocar’s claim to an interest in the Properties.

45 In reply, the plaintiffs submitted as follows:

(a) First, the defendants had not cited a single case in which the principle
of reverse piercing had been applied.

(b) Secondly, it was not Salgaocar’s case that he was entitled to rely on the
principle of reverse piercing to sue Darsan.

(c) Thirdly, the defendants did not provide any analysis on how the principle
of reverse piercing justified Salgaocar’s claim against Darsan.

46 I did not accept the Reverse Piercing Argument. Before giving my reasons, I
shall first clarify the concept of reverse piercing.

The concept of reverse piercing

47 The concept of reverse piercing derives from US jurisprudence. I note that
writers have distinguished two types of reverse piercing: “insider reverse
piercing” and “outsider reverse piercing”: see Jeff H Y Chan, “Should ‘reverse
piercing’ of the corporate veil be introduced into English law?” (2014) 35(6)
Comp Law 163–171 (“Chan”) at 163, citing Gregory S Crespi, “The Reverse Pierce
Doctrine: Applying Appropriate Standards” (1990–1991) 16 Journal of
Corporation Law 33 (“Crespi”) at 37. Chan defines “standard piercing”, insider
reverse piercing and outsider reverse piercing, as follows (at 163):

In a standard piercing of the corporate veil claim, it would be the company’s
creditors or contractors who ask the court to pierce the corporate veil, with
the aim of holding the shareholders personally liable for their debts. …

The key distinction [between insider and outsider reverse piercing] relates to
the identity of the persons seeking corporate disregard and their opponents.
“Insider reverse piercing” involves a dominant shareholder or other
controlling insider who attempts to disregard the separate legal personality
to avail the insider of corporate claims against third parties. … In contrast,
“outsider reverse piercing” refers to the case where a third party sues
against the corporate insider and attempts to pierce the corporate veil to
subject corporate assets to its claim.

[emphasis added]

In all three cases of “piercing”, the court is invited to disregard the
company’s separate legal status. Yet the parties seeking “corporate disregard”
are different. In cases of standard piercing and outsider reverse piercing, a
third party (ie, a party who is not a shareholder or a corporate insider)
invites the court to disregard the separate legal personality of the company,
to hold the shareholder liable for corporate obligations (standard piercing)
or to hold the company liable for the shareholder’s obligations (outsider
reverse piercing). By contrast, in cases of insider reverse piercing, it is a
shareholder or corporate insider who invites the court to disregard the
separate legal personality of the company. This distinction is important.

48 The courts appear to have allowed standard piercing and outsider reverse
piercing in appropriate cases:

(a) Standard piercing: In Children’s Media Ltd and others v Singapore Tourism
Board [2009] 1 SLR(R) 524 (“Children’s Media”), the Court of Appeal upheld the
High Court’s decision to hold the direct and indirect shareholder of two
companies liable for the companies’ liabilities, on the basis that he was the
companies’ alter ego: see Children’s Media at [3] and [9]. It has been
suggested that it was not necessary to disregard the separate legal
personality of the companies to hold the shareholder liable: see Hans Tjio,
Pearlie Koh and Lee Pey Woan, Corporate Law (Academy Publishing, 2015)
(“Corporate Law”) at para 06.046 at footnote 94. Nonetheless, the case was
argued and decided on the basis that the corporate veil should be lifted. It
is thus authority that the courts will allow standard piercing in appropriate
cases.

(b) Outsider reverse piercing: In the classic cases of Gilford Motor Co Ltd v
Horne [1933] Ch 935 (“Gilford”) and Jones v Lipman [1962] 1 WLR 832, the
English courts held a company liable in respect of obligations owed by the
shareholder. I note that it has been suggested by judges and academics that
the result in these two cases may be explained without disregarding the
separate legal personality of the relevant companies: see, eg, Corporate Law
at para 06.036; Prest at [69]–[73] (per Lord Neuberger of Abbotsbury PSC). Yet
again, it appears that these cases were decided on the basis that the
corporate veil should be lifted: see Prest at [29] (per Lord Sumption JSC,
noting that Gilford is “authority for what it decided, not for what it might
have decided”). They thus appear to stand as authority that the courts will
allow outsider reverse piercing in appropriate cases.

It has been observed that the courts have not expressly distinguished between
standard piercing and outsider reverse piercing: see Edwin C Mujih, “Piercing
the corporate veil: where is the reverse gear?” (2017) 133 LQR 322–337. This
is perhaps because, as noted at [47] above, both standard piercing and
outsider reverse piercing involve third parties, eg, creditors of the company,
who invite the court to disregard a company’s separate legal status.

49 However, the present case did not involve standard piercing or outsider
reverse piercing. The defendants’ case was that Salgaocar beneficially owned
the shares in the relevant Singapore SPVs; and was entitled to claim an
interest in the Properties on that basis (see [32] above). In other words, the
putative shareholder was inviting the court to disregard the separate legal
personality of the companies in question. This was thus a case of insider
reverse piercing (see [47] above). Moreover, and significantly, this was not a
case where the defendants relied on a statutory provision that might have
permitted insider reverse piercing (in effect). If a statutory provision is
involved, the proper approach to what may be construed as an insider reverse
piercing claim will likely turn on the interpretation of the relevant
provision. It may be that the provision will allow insider reverse piercing
(in effect) (see the analysis of DHN Food Distributors Ltd v Tower Hamlets
London Borough Council [1976] 1 WLR 852 (“DHN”) in [61(a)(i)] below). But this
was not such a case. The defendants did not invoke any statutory provision.
Their position was that the court should allow insider reverse piercing at
common law. To be clear, it is this non-statutory form of insider reverse
piercing which I was concerned with and which I will address in the following
discussion.

50 In my judgment, the concept of insider reverse piercing was unsupported by
relevant authority and contrary to principle. I therefore did not accept the
Reverse Piercing Argument. I will now elaborate on my reasons.

Insider reverse piercing is unsupported by relevant authority

51 I shall first examine the position under Singapore law, before turning to
the English cases and the two US cases cited by the defendants.

Singapore law

52 As the plaintiffs argued (see [45(a)] above), the defendants did not cite
any Singapore case where our courts have endorsed or applied the principle of
(insider) reverse piercing. In advancing the Reverse Piercing Argument, Mr
Liew relied on Koh Kim Teck v Credit Suisse AG, Singapore Branch [2015] SGHC
52 (“Koh Kim Teck”). However, for the following reasons, I considered that Koh
Kim Teck did not support the Reverse Piercing Argument.

53 In Koh Kim Teck, the plaintiff opened an account with the defendant bank,
to conduct investment activities, in the name of a company. According to the
plaintiff, he had set up the company, and conducted his investment activities
with the bank using the company, on the defendant’s advice: see Koh Kim Teck
at [3] and [10]. After losing all the funds in the account with the defendant,
the plaintiff sued the defendant in tort alleging that the latter had breached
its duty of care to him in, inter alia, rendering advice to him: see Koh Kim
Teck at [17]–[18]. The plaintiff also claimed that the company was his alter
ego in its dealings with the defendant (“the alter ego averment”): see Koh Kim
Teck at [10].

54 The defendant applied to strike out the plaintiff’s action. The assistant
registrar (“the AR”) dismissed the application. The defendant appealed, and
the matter thus came before Aedit Abdullah JC (as he then was) (“Abdullah
JC”).

55 Abdullah JC upheld the AR’s ruling that the plaintiff’s claim that the
defendant breached a tortious duty of care to him disclosed a reasonable cause
of action: see Koh Kim Teck at [35]–[60]. Abdullah JC then turned to consider,
“[f]or completeness”, whether the alter ego averment should be struck out on
the basis that it was an impermissible act of reverse piercing. Abdullah JC
first clarified the concept of reverse piercing at [61] as follows:

61 … The difference between a typical case where the court is asked to pierce
the corporate veil of a company, and a case of “reverse piercing”, is that in
the latter, it is not a third party who is seeking to hold a shareholder or
controller of the company liable for the company’s liabilities. Rather, the
shareholder himself asks the court to disregard the separate legal personality
of the company, so as to enable him to pursue claims against a third party
that had dealt with the company. … [original emphasis omitted; emphasis added
in italics]

It is clear from this passage that when Abdullah JC spoke of reverse piercing,
he had insider reverse piercing (as defined at [47] above) in mind.

56 Abdullah JC noted that it did not seem that any case of (insider) reverse
piercing had been brought before the Singapore courts before: see Koh Kim Teck
at [62]. He then made the following observations at [63]:

It is inappropriate to strike out an action that contains a point of law which
requires serious argument. However, if the court is satisfied that the issue
of law is unarguable and unsustainable, it may proceed to determine that
question (see Singapore Civil Procedure at para 18/19/6). In my view, the
issue of “reverse piercing” does require serious argument, and is certainly
not unarguable and unsustainable. This is an issue better resolved at another
forum. Thus, I am also not inclined to strike out the alter ego averment on
the basis that it is an impermissible attempt at “reverse piercing” the
corporate veil.

[emphasis added]

57 In my judgment, Koh Kim Teck did not assist the defendants:

(a) First, Koh Kim Teck did not strongly support the principle of (insider)
reverse piercing. Abdullah JC did not apply that principle or endorse it, but
simply opined “[f]or completeness”, having decided that the plaintiff’s claim
disclosed a reasonable cause of action, that a reverse piercing claim was “not
unarguable and unsustainable” on the facts.

(b) Secondly, the facts of that case were very different from those here.
Critically, the plaintiff in Koh Kim Teck averred that the defendant had
advised him to establish the company to carry on his banking and investment
activities. On those facts, it is perhaps understandable why the plaintiff’s
argument that the court should disregard the separate legal personality of the
company was “not unarguable and unsustainable”. In this case, however, the
defendants’ own case was that it was Salgaocar who devised the intricate
corporate structure involving multiple layers of SPVs (see [44] above). This
was a carefully planned and calibrated web of companies conceptualised by
Salgaocar (at least on his case). In such circumstances, for the reasons given
at [74] below, the argument that the court should disregard the separate legal
personality of companies seemed far less palatable.

(c) Finally, the defendants had to establish a serious question to be tried in
relation to Salgaocar’s claim to an interest in the Properties, and not just
that the claim was “not unarguable and unsustainable”. In my judgment, the
test of “a serious question to be tried” imposed a more exacting standard than
that of being “not unarguable and unsustainable”.

58 I therefore considered that, as a matter of Singapore law, the concept of
insider reverse piercing had no basis in authority.

English law

59 Similarly, it seemed that English law also did not recognise insider
reverse piercing. Notably, Macaura was essentially an insider reverse piercing
claim: see Chan at 164. In Macaura, the shareholder was implicitly asking the
court to disregard the separate legal personality of the company that he had
sold timber to in arguing that he had an insurable interest in the timber,
notwithstanding that it was the company that owned the timber (see [34]
above). As noted above, the House of Lords roundly rejected the shareholder’s
claim.

60 Similarly, the English Court of Appeal rejected an insider reverse piercing
claim in Tunstall v Steigmann [1962] 2 QB 593 (“Tunstall”). In Tunstall, a
landlord had leased premises to a tenant. She then served a notice to quit on
the tenant, and relied on a statutory provision to oppose the tenant’s
application for a new tenancy. However, the provision would only have applied
if the landlord was to occupy the premises to carry on a business. Yet before
the case was heard, the landlord disposed of her business to a company
(Tunstall at 600). She was virtually the sole shareholder of the company and
had complete control over it (Tunstall at 598). The landlord argued that
notwithstanding that the company owned the business, she was carrying on the
business through the company and accordingly the statutory provision applied.
The Court of Appeal rejected this argument. Ormerod LJ made the following
remarks at 600:

It is the limited company which will carry on the business in the future, and
if she acts as the manager of the business, it is for and on behalf of the
limited company. In my judgment the fact that she holds virtually the whole of
the shares in the limited company and has complete control of its affairs
makes no difference to this proposition. … It is to be assumed that the
landlord in this case assigned her business to the limited company for some
good reason which she considered to be of an advantage to her. She cannot say
that in a case of this kind she is entitled to take the benefit of any
advantages that the formation of a company gave to her, without at the same
time accepting the liabilities arising therefrom. [emphasis added in italics
and bold italics]

Danckwerts LJ expressed similar sentiments (at 607):

As Ormerod L.J. pointed out, if persons choose to conduct their operations
through the medium of a limited company with the advantages in respect of
responsibility for debts thereby conferred, they cannot really complain if
they have to face some disadvantages also. [emphasis added]

In my judgment, these remarks encapsulated an important objection in principle
to insider reverse piercing, and I will elaborate on this point at [74] below.

61 For completeness, I noted that the defendants cited two English cases in
support of its submission on reverse piercing: DHN and Beckett Investment
Management Group Ltd and others v Hall and others [2007] ICR 1539 (“Hall”).
Both of these cases involved parent companies seeking to rely on provisions
which, on their face, did not afford the parent company relief. Having perused
DHN and Hall, my views on these cases were as follows:

(a) In DHN, the English Court of Appeal granted a parent company compensation
under a statutory provision for the compulsory acquisition of land owned by
the company’s subsidiary. The court held that the companies in the group
formed a single economic entity, and pierced the corporate veil of the
companies on that basis: see DHN at 860 (Lord Denning MR), 861–862 (Goff LJ)
and 867–868 (Shaw LJ); Corporate Law at para 06.061. However, I noted the
following points.

(i) First, the single economic entity theory was implicitly rejected by the
Court of Appeal in Adams v Cape [1990] Ch 433 (“Adams”) at 536E–G. In that
case, the Court of Appeal rationalised DHN as turning on the construction of
the relevant statutory provision. The court also reaffirmed the separate legal
personality of subsidiary companies in corporate groups.

(ii) Secondly, the single economic unit theory has now been rejected by the
Singapore Court of Appeal in Beyonics at [75] as being “contrary to both
principle and authority”. Thus, even if DHN supported the defendants’ position
that English law recognised insider reverse piercing, that would not have
assisted the defendants. The basis of the decision in DHN, the single economic
unit theory, had been rejected in Singapore. There was therefore little basis
for the defendants to rely on DHN to contend that insider reverse piercing
should be recognised in Singapore.

(b) In Hall, the English Court of Appeal considered a covenant in an
employment contract which restrained former employees of a company from giving
advice to any client of “the company”, which advice was provided by “the
company” in the ordinary course of business. On the facts, the company, a
holding company, did not in fact provide advice to clients. The advice was
provided by its subsidiary. The court interpreted the term “the company” in
the covenant to include reference to the subsidiary of the holding company. It
seemed plain that Hall did not involve disregard of the separate legal
personality of the parent and subsidiaries companies, but simply turned on a
broad interpretation of the covenant in the employment contract. I therefore
did not consider that Hall was authority for insider reverse piercing.

62 For all these reasons, I concluded that insider reverse piercing was not
recognised under English law.

US law

63 Insider reverse piercing has been allowed in the US, most notably by the
Supreme Court of Minnesota: see Chan at 166. The defendants relied on two
decisions of that court. I will now address these two cases.

64 In Beverly Roepke et al v Western National Mutual Insurance Company 302 NW
2d 350 (Minn, 1981) (“Roepke”), a widow claimed survivors’ benefits under
insurance policies on six vehicles owned by a company. Her late husband was
the sole shareholder of the company, and had passed away in an accident while
driving one of the company’s vehicles. The insurance policies for the vehicles
provided coverage for survivors’ benefits. However, they identified the
company, not the shareholder, as the sole named insured. This was significant
because the Minnesota no-fault statute only entitled the widow to survivors’
benefits if her late husband was an “insured” under the insurance policies.

65 The court observed at [2] that, under Minnesota law, “[t]he concept of
piercing the corporate veil is equitable in nature”: a sole shareholder would
be regarded as the same as the company “if the equities of [the] case so
require”. The court noted that the case before it was one of (insider) reverse
piercing: “an insider (or someone claiming through him) attempting to pierce
the corporate veil from within the corporation”. The court then reasoned at
[3] as follows:

[3] In the instant case, decedent was the president and sole shareholder of
the named insured corporation. He treated the insured automobiles as his own
and used them for family purposes. These facts, coupled with the fact that no
shareholder or creditor would be adversely affected, persuade us that the
purpose of the no-fault act … [to] provid[e] insurance for persons and not
vehicles, is best fulfilled by piercing the corporate veil and by holding that
decedent was an “insured” under the corporate policy. [emphasis added]

66 Four years later, the Minnesota Supreme Court revisited the topic of
insider reverse piercing in Cargill Inc v Sam Hedge and Hedge Farm Inc and
Annette G Hedge 375 NW 2d 477 (Minn, 1985) (“Cargill”). In Cargill, the
defendant and his wife had assigned their interest in a farm to a company in
which the wife was the sole shareholder. A creditor of the defendant obtained
judgment against him, and sought to enforce it by selling the farm. Under
Minnesota law, a statutory provision exempted from seizure or sale the home
occupied by the debtor and the land upon which it was situated. The wife duly
intervened in the execution proceedings, and applied to exempt from execution
the portion of the farm constituting the couple’s homestead.

67 The court observed that the right to a homestead exemption from seizure and
sale of property was a constitutional right under the Minnesota Constitution
(at 478). After referring to Roepke, the court held that the couple was
entitled to assert the homestead exemption against the creditor on the basis
that reverse piercing was appropriate. The court emphasised three points (at
479–480).

(a) First, there was a “close identity between the [couple] and their
corporation”: it was an alter ego of the couple.

(b) Secondly, there were “strong policy reasons for a reverse pierce, much
stronger than in Roepke, namely, furtherance of the purpose of the homestead
exemption … for a debtor’s home to be a ‘sanctuary’”.

(c) Thirdly, no shareholder or creditor would be adversely affected. The court
did not regard the impact on the creditor to be significant. It appears that
this was because the creditor did not know of the company when it extended
credit to the defendant. Credit was not extended on the basis that the farm
was owned by a company.

68 In relation to Roepke and Cargill, my views were as follows:

(a) First, it appeared that Minnesota law adopted a broad approach to the
issue of whether a company’s separate legal personality could be disregarded:
the test was whether the equities of the case required it (see [65] above). A
similar test – namely, what justice requires – was rejected by the English
Court of Appeal in Adams at 536G. Such a broad test also did not appear to
reflect Singapore law. In Beyonics, the Court of Appeal observed at [75] that
generally, “piercing the veil is justified by abuse of the corporate form or
if it is necessary for the veil to be lifted to give effect to a legislative
provision”. Therefore, given that Roepke and Cargill were founded on a more
expansive test for disregarding the separate legal personality of a company
than that under Singapore law, I considered that it would not be appropriate
to allow an insider reverse piercing claim here on the basis of those cases. I
also found it difficult to reconcile Roepke with Macaura, given that the facts
of these cases were rather similar. Both involved claims on insurance policies
where it was asserted that the shareholder could recover notwithstanding that
the policies only appeared to provide coverage for the company. As noted at
[35(b)] above, our Court of Appeal applied Macaura in Beckkett. The reasoning
and result in Macaura thus seemed to accord with Singapore law. I therefore
considered that, to the extent that Roepke could not be reconciled with
Macaura, I was bound to apply Macaura.

(b) Secondly, the decisions in Roepke and Cargill appeared to turn on the
construction of the relevant statutory provisions in those cases. In both
cases, the Minnesota Supreme Court accounted for the purpose of the relevant
provisions – the no-fault statute in Roepke and the homestead exemption in
Cargill (see [65] and [67(b)] above) – in advancing key state policies, in
allowing insider reverse piercing: see Crespi at 42. It is unclear if the
court would have allowed reverse piercing in the absence of such statutory
provisions (see Chan at 169). Importantly, the present case did not involve a
statutory provision: the defendants sought non-statutory reverse piercing.
Roepke and Cargill were thus distinguishable from the case at hand.

69 For these reasons, I concluded that Roepke and Cargill did not support the
defendants’ insider reverse piercing claim.

70 In summary, having surveyed the position under Singapore, English and US
law, I came to the view that the non-statutory form of reverse piercing
invoked by the defendants was unsupported by relevant authority.

Insider reverse piercing is contrary to principle

71 Furthermore, in my judgment, the concept of insider reverse piercing was
contrary to the foundational principle of company law that a company is a
separate legal entity from its shareholders (see [33] above). Admittedly, the
courts have recognised exceptions to that principle by lifting the corporate
veil in some cases. But in my view, the exceptions were limited and unified by
an underlying rationale (at least in cases which did not involve the
interpretation of a statutory provision). The rationale was that of preventing
a shareholder or controller of the company from abusing its separate legal
personality to the detriment of third parties: see Tan Cheng-Han, “Veil
piercing – a fresh start” [2015] JBL 20-36. This rationale was clear from the
following authorities:

(a) As noted at [68(a)] above, the Court of Appeal noted in Beyonics at [75]
that a company’s separate legal personality is only disregarded if there is
“abuse of the corporate form or if it is necessary for the veil to be lifted
to give effect to a legislative provision” [emphasis added].

(b) In the landmark decision of Prest, the UK Supreme Court appeared to
understand the English cases on piercing the veil in a similar way. Lord
Sumption JSC (with whom Lord Neuberger of Abbotsbury PSC agreed) opined that
two principles – the concealment and evasion principles – explained the cases:
see Prest at [28] and [60] (albeit that cases of concealment did not involve
piercing the veil at all: see Prest at [28] and [61]). Lord Mance JSC and Lord
Clarke of Stone-cum-Ebony JSC broadly agreed with Lord Sumption JSC’s
analysis: see Prest at [97]–[99] and [103]. Critically, the concealment and
evasion principles both presuppose abuse of the corporate form by a
shareholder or corporate insider, who interposes a company to conceal his or
her identity or to defeat a pre-existing right or frustrate its enforcement:
see Prest at [28]. I note, however, that Baroness Hale of Richmond JSC
understood the cases in a different way, as “examples of the principle that
the individuals who operate limited companies should not be allowed to take
unconscionable advantage of the people with whom they do business”: see Prest
at [92]. Nonetheless, this formulation again implies that a company’s separate
legal personality may only be disregarded if a shareholder or corporate
insider abuses the corporate form, to the detriment of third parties.

72 In accordance with this rationale, courts have lifted the corporate veil to
benefit third parties. Yet in a case of insider reverse piercing, it is a
shareholder or corporate insider, not a third party, who seeks to benefit from
disregard of a company’s separate legal personality. In my view, absent some
statutory basis, it would not be principled to allow insider reverse piercing
for two reasons.

73 First, the corporate veil is generally pierced only if it is necessary to
do so to achieve a public policy imperative: see Prest at [35], [62] and [103]
(per Lord Sumption JSC, Lord Neuberger PSC and Lord Clarke JSC respectively).
In some cases, a creditor or other third party will have no means of recourse
against the company unless the corporate veil is pierced. The courts will thus
disregard the company’s separate legal status in order to grant the third
party its remedy. Critically, however, a shareholder, in particular a sole
shareholder (as Salgaocar claimed to be), will have remedies that do not
require piercing of the corporate veil. On the facts, as the plaintiffs
submitted,Salgaocar could have commenced a derivative action in the name of
Great Newton in relation to the Newton Imperial Units which he alleged were
wrongfully transferred to Darsan and his wife (see [9(a)] above). In respect
of the Waterford and WCEGA Units, Salgaocar’s remedy would have been to
recover title to the shares of the Companies and so gain control of their
properties. Again, there would have been no need to lift the corporate veil.
In short, the law specifically provides means for a shareholder to recover
assets in the name of the company. I thus found it difficult to accept that it
would generally be necessary to disregard the separate legal personality of
the company to grant a shareholder relief. In that light, the concept of
insider reverse piercing appeared suspect.

74 Secondly, in my view, allowing insider reverse piercing would enable a
shareholder or corporate insider to enjoy the benefits that flow from the
separate legal personality of a company without any of its disadvantages. This
point was made by Ormerod and Danckwerts LJJ in Tunstall (see [60] above), and
is well captured in the following passage from Chan (at 168):

… the criticism that corporations are expected to "take the rough with the
smooth" remains unassailable. The fundamental concern of this reciprocity
objection lies in the choice of business form by the shareholders. Every
business form has its own advantages and disadvantages. A sole proprietorship
may be appropriate to small businesses while a partnership firm is suitable
for some modes of business for professionals. In either case, the investors
have to bear the consequences of not enjoying any separate legal personality
and are thus exposed to unlimited liability. On the other hand, shareholders
of a company enjoy the benefits of limited liability but they also have to
accept the negative consequences of this separate legal person. In operating
the business in the form of a company, the shareholders are presumed to have
carefully considered the pros and cons of the available business structure and
have made a wise and positive choice. If shareholders are allowed under the
reverse piercing doctrine to deny the existence of the corporation simply
because it later proved disadvantageous in a particular circumstance, this
would severely undermine the significance of the choice of the business form.
[emphasis added]

I agreed with these remarks. Where one chooses to conduct one’s affairs using
a company, one takes advantage of the independent legal status of the company
and the consequences that flow from that, including the fact that the property
of the company does not belong to the shareholder and vice versa. It did not
seem correct as a matter of principle that, having chosen to claim the
benefits of separate legal personality, a shareholder could then avoid the
disadvantages of the same by inviting the court to allow insider reverse
piercing. Here, Salgaocar chose to have the Properties held through the
relevant Singapore SPVs (just as how, in Vivek, he “made a choice to have …
assets held through corporate vehicles”: see Vivek at [56], quoted at [40]
above). He presumably did so to enjoy the benefit of the SPVs’ separate legal
personality, including the benefit that any liabilities that were incurred by
the SPVs would be borne by them alone; and to distance himself from the
economic activities of these companies. In my view, he had to take the
consequences of that choice, one of which was that he did not have an interest
in the Properties.

75 Thus, I concluded that insider reverse piercing was contrary to principle
and unsupported by relevant authority. I therefore did not accept the Reverse
Piercing Argument. I then turned to consider the Lifting the Veil Argument.

The Lifting the Veil Argument

76 Having relied on reverse piercing in his first set of submissions, Mr Liew
then contended, in his supplementary submissions, that this was a “classic
case of lifting the corporate veil”. According to Mr Liew, the principle
underpinning the law on lifting the corporate veil was that fraud unravels
everything: Prest at [18] (per Lord Sumption JSC). On the facts, Darsan was
using the corporate veil of the relevant Singapore SPVs to perpetrate a fraud
on Salgaocar by refusing to return the Properties to the defendants.
Accordingly, the separate legal personality of the relevant Singapore SPVs
should be disregarded; and there was therefore a serious issue to be tried
over Salgaocar’s claim to an interest in the Properties.

77 I did not accept this argument. First, as noted at [48] above, the courts
have lifted the corporate veil when a third party seeks to (1) hold a
shareholder or insider liable for the company’s liabilities (standard
piercing) or (2) hold the company liable for the shareholder’s obligations
(outsider reverse piercing). However, on these facts, Salgaocar, who claimed
to be the sole beneficial shareholder of the relevant Singapore SPVs, was
inviting the court to disregard their separate legal personality. It was
therefore an insider reverse piercing claim, and subject to the objections
from authority and principle raised above.

78 Further, as noted at [73] above, the courts have not lifted the corporate
veil unless it is necessary to do so. As noted above, I did not think that it
was necessary to lift the corporate veil to afford Salgaocar a remedy:

(a) With regard to the Newton Imperial Units, taking Salgaocar’s claim at its
highest, it was essentially a claim by a shareholder of Great Newton against
Darsan as an officer of the company, for having transferred the Newton
Imperial Units to himself and his wife. The allegation in substance was that
Darsan had wrongfully transferred the assets of Great Newton in breach of
duty. Recourse therefore had to lie with Great Newton which had allegedly
suffered the loss. In the event that Great Newton was unable to sue, as noted
above, it would have been open to Salgaocar to bring a derivative action in
its name for the loss suffered. However, on this basis, Salgaocar would not
have been entitled to maintain a caveat against the Newton Imperial Units in
his own name.

(b) In respect of the Waterford and WCEGA Units, Salgaocar’s remedy would have
been to recover title to the shares of the Companies and thereby recover the
properties that they owned. Again, there would have been no need to lift the
corporate veil.

79 Moreover, in cases which do not involve the interpretation of a statutory
provision, the corporate veil is usually pierced when the purpose of setting
up the relevant companies was to perpetrate a fraud. That is generally the
form of abuse of the corporate form that is addressed by piercing the veil
(see Beyonics at [75], quoted at [68(a)] above). However, on Salgaocar’s case,
all the SPVs here were set up for legitimate purposes. As noted at [31(e)(ii)]
above, Salgaocar claimed that they were established to make investments,
acquire assets and carry on substantial businesses. They were not established
to perpetrate fraud. This formed the foundation for the defendants’ resistance
to the plaintiffs’ reliance on the rule in Foster (see [19(a)(ii)] above).
Thus, in my view, the traditional basis for piercing the corporate veil did
not apply.

80 For these reasons, I was unable to accept the Lifting the Veil Argument. I
therefore turned to consider the Shareholding Argument.

The Shareholding Argument

81 In brief, Mr Liew argued that Salgaocar had a caveatable interest in the
Properties simply by virtue of the fact that he owned shares in the relevant
Singapore SPVs.

82 I did not accept this argument. It again ran contrary to the fundamental
distinction between ownership of the shares of a company and ownership of its
assets, which flows from the principle of separate legal personality.

83 Mr Liew relied on two Malaysian cases: Mahadevan & Anor v Patel [1975] 2
MLJ 207 (“Mahadevan”) and Aik Ming (M) Sdn Bhd & Ors v Chang Ching Chuen & Ors
and another appeal [1995] 2 MLJ 770 (“Aik Ming”). I formed the following views
on Mahadevan and Aik Ming:

(a) In Mahadevan, the respondent, the managing director of a company, lodged a
caveat against land owned by one Ratnavale. Ratnavale had received a loan, and
it was intended that there would be a charge over his land to secure the loan.
Mr Liew argued that Mahadevan established that it was not necessary for a
party to have a proprietary interest in land to lodge a caveat against the
same. This is because, Mr Liew submitted, the court accepted that even if the
company had granted the loan, and acquired a beneficial interest in the land,
the respondent would have a caveatable interest by virtue of his position as
managing director, notwithstanding that it was the company, not the
respondent, who had an interest in the land. In my judgment, however,
Mahadevan did not assist Mr Liew. Critically, it was disputed whether it was
the managing director or the company who had given the loan. As Mr Ang pointed
out, the managing director’s position was that he, and not the company, had
given the loan to Ratnavale and thus acquired an interest in the land. The
managing director had lodged the caveat on this basis. For these reasons, I
considered that Mahadevan did not strongly support Mr Liew’s contention that
Salgaocar would have been entitled to lodge a caveat against the Properties
even if he did not have a proprietary interest in the Properties.

(b) In Aik Ming, the court observed that it “may become necessary … at some
future time to determine the circumstances, if any, in which a director or
even a shareholder may be recognised as having a caveatable interest in [land]
owned by a company”. Mr Liew relied on these remarks. However, they were
clearly obiter; and, in any case, left the question of whether a shareholder
should be recognised as having a caveatable interest in land owned by the
company open for decision.

For these reasons, I came to the view that neither of the two authorities that
Mr Liew relied on supported the Shareholding Argument.

84 Further, even if Aik Ming left open the question as to whether a
shareholder has a caveatable interest in land owned by the company, that
question has since been resolved. It has now been held in Malaysia that a
shareholder does not have a caveatable interest in land owned by the company.
In Natsafe (M) Sdn Bhd v Loi Teak Kuong [2005] 6 MLJ 454 (“Natsafe”), a
dispute arose between the shareholders of a company. The shareholders then
entered into a settlement agreement. As the company was in financial
difficulties, it agreed to sell land it owned to a third party. The sale could
not be completed, however, because the defendant lodged a caveat against the
property. The court allowed the plaintiff’s application to remove the caveat,
making the following remarks at [24]:

It is trite law that the plaintiff, a limited company incorporated under the
Companies Act 1965, and its shareholders are two separate legal entities … the
property is registered in the name of the plaintiff and not the shareholders
of the plaintiff … as a shareholder of the plaintiff, the defendant has no
caveatable interest, at all, in the property. [emphasis added]

In my judgment, the law in Singapore was the same. A shareholder does not have
a caveatable interest in land owned by a company he holds shares in simply by
virtue of his shareholding. I thus did not accept the Shareholding Argument. I
would observe that Natsafe was not brought to my attention by Mr Liew.

Conclusion

85 In conclusion, for the reasons above, I was unable to accept the three
arguments that Mr Liew raised to persuade me that there was a serious question
to be tried in relation to Salgaocar’s claim to an interest in the Properties.

86 I found that, even if all of Salgaocar’s contentions were accepted, he
would only have owned the shares in the relevant Singapore SPVs. He would not
have had an interest in the Properties. I therefore found that Salgaocar’s
claim to an interest in the Properties did not raise a serious question to be
tried. It followed that the Caveats had to be set aside. In the premises,
there was no need for me to express a view on the other issues raised by the
parties in these applications, including whether the December 2003 Agreement
was unenforceable under the rule in Foster and whether Suit 821 had been
automatically discontinued by operation of law under O 21 r 2(6) of the Rules
of Court.

87 For all the above reasons, I granted orders in terms of the prayers sought
by the plaintiffs. Upon hearing the parties after I delivered oral judgment in
this matter, I stayed these orders pending the disposal of applications to be
filed by the defendants for a stay pending appeal.

Kannan Ramesh  
Judge

Ang Cheng Hock SC, Ramesh Kumar s/o Ramasamy Koh Zhen-Xi Benjamin and Soon
Shao Wei, Jerald (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiffs;

Liew Teck Huat, Kanapathi Pillai Nirumalan and Dafril Phua Izzad (Niru & Co
LLC) for the third to sixth defendants in OS 727 and the second to fourth and
sixth defendants in OS 945;

Yap Han Ming Jonathan and Cai Zhenyang Daniel (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
second defendant in OS 727 and the fifth defendant in OS 945.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

