Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 133

Originating Summons No 290 of 2018

| In the Matter of Section 27(5) of the Building and Construction Industry
Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed)  
---|---  
  
And

| In the Matter of the Adjudication Determination dated 11 August 2016 made in
Adjudication Application No. SOP / AA 235 of 2016  
---|---  
  
Between

SH DESIGN & BUILD PTE LTD

… Plaintiff

And

BD CRANETECH PTE LTD

… Defendant

ORAL JUDGMENT

[Building and Construction Law] — [Building and construction related
contracts] — [Guarantees and bonds]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Statutes and regulations]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
SH Design & Build Pte Ltd

  
v

  

BD Cranetech Pte Ltd

[2018] SGHC 133

High Court — Originating Summons No 290 of 2018  
Tan Siong Thye J  
14 May 2018

31 May 2018 Judgment reserved.

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 This Originating Summons No 290 of 2018 (“OS 290/2018”) is an application by
the plaintiff, SH Design & Build Pte Ltd (“the Plaintiff”) to set aside an
adjudication determination (“the AD”) made under the Building and Construction
Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the SOP Act”) by the
adjudicator, Mr Aw Wei Keng Kelvin (“the Adjudicator”), on 11 August 2016.

2 In the alternative, should the setting aside application be refused, the
Plaintiff applies for the enforcement of the AD to be stayed pending the
disposal of the arbitration proceedings in Singapore International Arbitration
Centre (“SIAC”) Arbitration No 314/16/AB (“the Arbitration”). At the hearing
for OS 290/2018, I directed the parties not to make submissions on the
alternative application pending the issuance of my written grounds of decision
for the primary application. Doing so would have been akin to putting the cart
before the horse. Therefore, I shall make no determination on the application
for the stay in this judgment until I have dealt with the primary application.

3 In the AD, which is the subject of the primary application for setting
aside, the Adjudicator decided that the Plaintiff was liable to pay the
defendant, BD Cranetech Pte Ltd (“the Defendant”), the sum of $1,127,088.40
(before GST).

4 There are two main grounds postulated by the Plaintiff for the primary
application. First, the Adjudicator had exceeded his jurisdiction by wrongly
taking into account the amount of $1,293,600 received by the Plaintiff‘s
assignee under the performance bond. Second, the Adjudicator should have
rejected the Defendant’s adjudication application (“Adjudication Application”)
which was invalid as it failed to contain the name and service address of the
owner of the project. Following the omission, the Plaintiff submits that the
Adjudicator had no power to allow the Defendant to rectify this error in the
Adjudication Application.

5 I shall now give my decision and the reasons for my decision.

Facts

The parties

6 The Plaintiff is the main contractor for the construction of an integrated
logistics hub (“the Development”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Wong See Kar dated 12 March 2018 (“WSK’s 1st Affidavit”), para 4.

The Defendant is a specialist subcontractor engaged by the Plaintiff for the
design, supply, installation and commissioning of overhead cranes for the
Development. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, para 5; Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, para 11.

7 The owner of the Development is SH Cogent Logistics Pte Ltd (“the Owner”).
It was the Owner that had engaged the Plaintiff to construct the Development.
The Plaintiff has stated that it is completely unrelated to the Owner and is a
separate entity from the Owner. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, para 11.

The Subcontract and Performance Bond

8 The Plaintiff entered into an agreement with the Defendant on 22 February
2013 for the works relating to the Development (“the Subcontract”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, para 5.

Before entering into the Subcontract, the Owner had already contracted with
the Defendant on 10 December 2012 (“the 10 December Agreement”) also for the
provision of overhead cranes. In the 10 December Agreement there was a cl 6
which required the Defendant to provide a demand bond in favour of the Owner
in order to secure the due performance of the Defendant’s obligations under
the 10 December Agreement. The Subcontract which was subsequently entered into
between the Plaintiff and the Defendant incorporated the terms of the prior
agreement that had been entered into between the Owner and the Defendant,
including cl 6. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, para 5.

Therefore, the Defendant had to furnish a guarantee to the Plaintiff in the
form of a demand bond. Clause 6 of the Subcontract states: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, WSK-2, p 78.

6\. PAYMENT

Payment schedule shall be as follows:

• 20% down-payment

…

The [Defendant] shall provide to the [Plaintiff] a guarantee from a Bank or an
Insurance Company for the amount of the down payment. The Guarantee shall be
in the form of a demand bond, and shall cover the period from signing of this
contract to the expiry of the 2-year warranty period.

9 Pursuant to the requirement in cl 6 of the Subcontract, the Defendant
procured an on-demand performance bond dated 21 May 2013 (“the Performance
Bond”) for up to the sum of $1,293,600 (“the Bond Proceeds”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Affidavit of Wong See Kar dated 23 April 2018 (“WSK’s 2nd Affidavit”), WSK-16.

The Performance Bond was issued by MSIG Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“MSIG”)
in favour of the Plaintiff. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, para 9.

10 Pursuant to cl 1 of the Performance Bond, MSIG was obligated to pay the
Bond Proceeds to the Plaintiff in full upon such demand being made in writing,
without the need for any proof that the Plaintiff was indeed entitled to the
Bond Proceeds. Further, cl 2 of the Performance Bond provided that the sums so
demanded by the Plaintiff shall be paid immediately and unconditionally by
MSIG without any deduction whatsoever, notwithstanding the existence of any
differences or disputes between the Plaintiff and the Defendant. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

WSK’s 2nd Affidavit, WSK-16.

The events leading to the calling of the Performance Bond

11 Pursuant to a deed of assignment dated 22 December 2015, the Plaintiff
assigned to the Owner all of its rights, title, interest and benefit under the
Subcontract, including the Performance Bond. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, para 11; WSK-3, p 96.

The Defendant was duly notified of this assignment.

12 Subsequently, on the same day, ie, 22 December 2015, the Owner issued a
notice to terminate the Defendant’s employment under the Subcontract. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, para 12.

Concurrently, the Owner also issued a written demand to MSIG for payment of
the Bond Proceeds. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, para 13.

13 When MSIG did not comply with this initial demand, the Owner issued a
further demand on 4 January 2016 and also commenced proceedings in Suit No 12
of 2016 to recover the full Bond Proceeds under the Performance Bond. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, para 16.

14 On 5 January 2016, the Defendant filed Originating Summons No 4 of 2016
(“OS 4/2016”) applying for an injunction to restrain the Owner from calling on
the Performance Bond. After hearing parties’ submissions, Kannan Ramesh JC (as
he then was) dismissed the Defendant’s application in OS 4/2016, thereby
allowing the Owner to call on the Performance Bond unhindered. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, WSK-5, pp 103–104.

15 On 23 March 2016, pursuant to its obligations under the Performance Bond,
MSIG made full payment of the Bond Proceeds to the Owner. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, para 13; WSK-6, p 106.

The Adjudication proceedings

16 On 23 May 2016, the Defendant served a payment claim on the Plaintiff for
the sum of $4,250,683.08 (“the Payment Claim”) for the work that it had done
from January 2015 to December 2015. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, para 17; WSK-8 pp 179–182.

On 7 June 2016, the Plaintiff provided its payment response for a negative sum
of $15,063,770.47 (“the Payment Response”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, para 17; WSK-8 p 184.

It should be noted that in its Payment Response, the Plaintiff had expressly
accounted for the “Bond proceeds received by [the Owner]”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, para 17; WSK-8 p 184.

17 On 27 June 2016, the Defendant lodged an Adjudication Application against
the Plaintiff based on its purported entitlement to outstanding payment for
work done under the Subcontract. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, para 19.

The Plaintiff’s adjudication response was lodged on 5 July 2016. The
adjudication conference was held on 18 July 2016 before the Adjudicator (“the
Adjudication”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, para 20.

18 On 11 August 2016, the Adjudicator issued the AD. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, para 21.

The Adjudicator’s assessment of the adjudicated amount is as follows: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, WSK-1, p 61.

| Description| Payment Claim| Payment Response| Adjudicated Amount  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| Value of work done | 7,311,257.12| 1,083,400.00| 4,110,918.56  
2| Less previous payment| (3,060,574.04)| (3,062,443.20)| (3,060,574.04)  
| | 4,250,683.08| (1,979,043.20)| 1,050,344.52  
3| Add GST| 0| (138,533.02)| 0  
| Subtotal| 4,250,683.08| (2,117,576.22)| 1,050,344.52  
4| Less liquidated damages| 0| (738,659.60)| (738,659.60)  
5| Less deductions imposed by [Owner]| 0| (13,501,134.65)| (478,196.52)  
6| Add amount received under [Performance Bond]| 0| 1,293,600.00| 1,293,600.00  
| Claimed amount/Nett balance due| 4,250,683.08| (15,063,770.47)| 1,127,088.40  
  
19 It should be highlighted that in arriving at the final adjudicated amount
of $1,127,088.40 (“the Adjudicated Amount”), the Adjudicator had taken into
account the Bond Proceeds which had already been received by the Owner as a
result of the deed of assignment and the Owner’s calling of the Performance
Bond.

The genesis of the present application

20 On 17 August 2016, the Plaintiff wrote to the Adjudicator requesting
amendments to be made to the AD pursuant to s 17(6)(a) of the SOP Act. This
was on the basis that the Adjudicator had allegedly erred in including the
Bond Proceeds in his assessment of the Adjudicated Amount. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, para 23; WSK-8, p 230–231.

On 29 August 2016, the Adjudicator responded, declining to amend the AD on the
terms requested by the Plaintiff. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, para 25; WSK-9, p 243–244.

21 On 13 December 2016, the Defendant obtained an Order of Court for leave to
enforce the AD. This Order of Court was only served on the Plaintiff on 26
February 2018, together with a statutory demand for $1,218,104.33 (being the
Adjudicated Amount with interest at the rate of 5.33% per annum). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, para 29.

22 On 12 March 2018, the Plaintiff made the present application in OS 290/2018
to set aside the AD.

23 It should also be noted that the Plaintiff, the Defendant and the Owner are
currently involved in the Arbitration, in respect of disputes arising out of
the Subcontract. The Arbitration is scheduled for hearing from 16 to 27 July
2018. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, para 14.

The parties’ cases

The Plaintiff’s case

24 The Plaintiff relies on the following grounds in support of its application
to set aside the AD. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, para 4.

25 First, the Plaintiff argues that the Adjudicator had acted in excess of his
jurisdiction by taking into account the Bond Proceeds in assessing the
Adjudicated Amount in the Subcontract. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at paras 32–45.

The Bond Proceeds which stem from the Performance Bond were from a separate
contract. This is tantamount to a cross-contract set-off, which is prohibited
in adjudication proceedings under the SOP Act. Additionally, the Adjudicator
should not have accounted for the Bond Proceeds because these were not
included in the Payment Claim. If anything at all, the Bond Proceeds should be
accounted for at the Arbitration and not at the Adjudication. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 84.

26 Second, the Plaintiff argues that by taking into account the Bond Proceeds
in assessing the Adjudicated Amount, the Adjudicator had effectively reversed
the decision of Ramesh JC in OS 4/2016 who dismissed the Defendant’s
injunction application to prevent the calling of the Performance Bond.
Therefore, the Adjudicator had acted in excess of his jurisdiction and the AD
should be set aside. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at paras 61–65.

27 Third, the Plaintiff contends that the failure to state the Owner’s name
and service address in the Adjudication Application amounted to a breach of s
13(3)(c) of the SOP Act read with reg 7(2)(a) of the Building and Construction
Industry Security of Payment Regulations (Cap 30B, Rg 1, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
SOP Regulations”). Therefore, the Adjudicator was statutorily bound to reject
the Adjudication Application pursuant to s 16(2)(a) of the SOP Act. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at paras 102–128.

28 Fourth, the Adjudicator had no power to allow the Defendant to amend the
Adjudication Application to include the Owner’s name and service address.
Hence, the AD which was made pursuant to this defective Adjudication
Application should be set aside. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at paras 111–116.

The Defendant’s case

29 First, the Defendant argues that the Plaintiff’s entitlement to retain the
Bond Proceeds and the obligation to account for the Bond Proceeds were matters
specifically regulated by the terms of the Subcontract. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions, paras 26–29.

Thus the taking into account of the Bond Proceeds in assessing the Adjudicated
Amount did not amount to a cross-contract set-off as alleged by the Plaintiff.
Hence, the Adjudicator could take into account the Bond Proceeds, especially
since these were included in the Plaintiff’s Payment Response. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions, paras 31–35.

30 Second, the Defendant argues that OS 4/2016, which was an unsuccessful
application by the Defendant for an injunction to restrain the Owner from
calling on the Performance Bond, and the AD were concerned with completely
different issues. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions, para 30.

Therefore, the Adjudicator’s decision in the AD did not in any way affect the
decision in OS 4/2016.

31 Third, the Defendant submits that the requirement to furnish the Owner’s
name and service address under reg 7(2)(a) of the SOP Regulations was to
ensure that the Owner was notified of the Adjudication Application. In this
case the omission of the Owner’s details was not fatal to the Adjudication
Application as the Owner had not only been notified of the Adjudication
Application but had also actively participated in the Adjudication. The
solicitors that acted for the Plaintiff in the Adjudication also acted for the
Owner. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at paras 47–52.

32 Fourth, the Adjudicator had already granted leave to the Defendant to make
amendments to correct the omission. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions, para 37.

In this regard, the Adjudicator had absolute discretion in deciding whether or
not to allow the amendments and the court cannot review the merits of his
exercise of the discretion. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at paras 38–41.

In any event, even if the Adjudicator was wrong in allowing the amendments,
the omission of the Owner’s name and service address without more was not a
basis for the setting aside of the AD. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at paras 42–46.

My decision

Preliminary issue: Extension of time for the furnishing of security

33 As a preliminary point, the Defendant submitted that the Plaintiff had
failed to furnish security for the unpaid portion of the Adjudicated Amount
“at the same time” as the filing of the application for the setting aside of
the AD, as required by s 27(5) of the SOP Act read with O 95 r 3(3) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed). The Plaintiff had filed the
application to set aside the AD in OS 290/2018 on 12 March 2018, but the
direction to the Accountant-General for payment in of security was only made a
day later on 13 March 2018. Therefore, given that the requisite security was
not furnished in time, the Defendant argued that the application for setting
aside is defective and should be dismissed.

34 The Plaintiff did not address this argument in its written submissions.
However, at the hearing before me, the Plaintiff informed me that they had,
prior to the hearing, filed a summons applying for an extension of time for
the furnishing of the security. The Plaintiff explained that the reason for
the slight delay was because the filing of the application in OS 290/2018 was
only completed after office hours on 12 March 2018, therefore the earliest
time that the Plaintiff could give directions for payment in to the
Accountant-General was the next day on 13 March 2018. The Plaintiff submitted
that the words “at the same time” in O 95 r 3(3) of the Rules of Court should
be interpreted to mean as soon as reasonably practicable. Further, both
parties agreed that no prejudice had been suffered by the Defendant.

35 I agreed with the Plaintiff and granted the application for the extension
of time, thereby allowing parties to proceed with the primary application in
OS 290/2018 for the setting aside of the AD.

Issues for determination

36 The main issues that have to be determined on whether or not to grant the
Plaintiff’s application for the AD to be set aside are as follows:

(a) whether the Adjudicator had exceeded his jurisdiction in accounting for
the Bond Proceeds in the assessment of the Adjudicated Amount;

(b) whether the Adjudicator’s decision had the effect of reversing the
decision of the High Court in OS 4/2016; and

(c) whether the initial omission of the Owner’s name and service address from
the Adjudication Application was sufficient basis for the AD to be set aside.

I shall now deal with these issues in turn.

Whether the Adjudicator had exceeded his jurisdiction in accounting for the
Bond Proceeds

37 The Plaintiff raises the following arguments for its contention that the
Adjudicator had acted in excess of his jurisdiction in accounting for the Bond
Proceeds in the AD:

(a) the Adjudicator should not have accounted for the Bond Proceeds because
doing so amounted to allowing a cross-contract set-off;

(b) the Adjudicator should not have accounted for the Bond Proceeds because it
was not stated in the Payment Claim; and

(c) the accounting of the Bond Proceeds should be done at the Arbitration
because the Adjudication is not a final settlement of the matter.

Whether the accounting for the Bond Proceeds by the Adjudicator was akin to a
cross-contract set-off

38 I shall first deal with the issue of whether the accounting for the Bond
Proceeds in the assessment of the Adjudicated Amount was akin to a cross-
contract set-off and therefore beyond the scope of the Adjudicator’s powers.
In my view, the Performance Bond was part of the obligations arising out of
the Subcontract and therefore accounting for the Bond Proceeds in the
assessment of the Adjudicated Amount cannot be regarded as a cross-contract
set-off.

39 The Court of Appeal in Civil Tech Pte Ltd v Hua Rong Engineering Pte Ltd
[2018] 1 SLR 584 (“Hua Rong (CA)”) made it clear that each adjudication under
the SOP Act should relate only to the contract upon which the payment claim is
founded, and should not take into account cross-claims from other contracts.
The Court of Appeal stated at [68]:

[I]n our judgment, given that a progress payment and a payment claim centre on
one contract, the Payment Claim Contract, the aforementioned provisions
indicate that a [SOP Act] adjudication also centres on that one contract. They
thus suggest that the inquiry in a [SOP Act] adjudication relates to the
claimant’s entitlement under the Payment Claim Contract, and not to its
entitlement taking into account separate Cross-Contract Claims.

40 Hua Rong (CA) was an appeal that arose out of my earlier decision in Hua
Rong Engineering Pte Ltd v Civil Tech Pte Ltd [2018] 3 SLR 778 (“Hua Rong”).
In Hua Rong, I explained why the spirit and purpose of the SOP Act would
militate against allowing cross-contract claims to be considered in an
adjudication. This reasoning was subsequently affirmed by the Court of Appeal
(see Hua Rong (CA) at [72]). I stated at [36]:

Just as bringing in multiple contracts as the basis for a claim would unduly
prolong and complicate an adjudication, so, too, would bringing in multiple
contracts as the basis for cross-claims, counterclaims or set-offs. This
cannot have been the intention of Parliament; otherwise, what was meant to be
a simple, quick and fair process for the resolution of payment disputes may
instead become entangled in a web of contractual complexity which would
dramatically slow down the adjudication process.

41 In Hua Rong the same parties were involved in two separate construction
projects. When the claimant submitted a payment claim for its claim in one
project, the respondent did not dispute the claim itself. However, the
respondent sought to set off this claim on the basis that the claimant had
made false and fraudulent payment claims in the other contract entered into by
the same parties in respect of the other construction project. This claim was
referred to an adjudicator who held that the respondent could not set off a
counterclaim based on another contract between the parties. When the
respondent sought to set aside the adjudication determination in that hearing
before me, I concurred with the adjudicator and dismissed the application.

42 In this case, the facts are materially different from that in Hua Rong. The
accounting for the Bond Proceeds in assessing the Adjudicated Amount is not
akin to a cross-contract set-off as alleged by the Plaintiff. The Payment
Claim, and subsequently the Adjudication Application, were made on the basis
of matters that had arisen out of the Subcontract and therefore the
Adjudicator was bound to only consider matters arising out of the Subcontract.
That said, the Performance Bond was procured by the Defendant and issued in
favour of the Plaintiff pursuant to the terms of the Subcontract (see [8]
above). The Performance Bond was meant to operate as a form of security to
guarantee the Defendant’s due performance of the Subcontract. As the Defendant
quite rightly points out, the Plaintiff’s entitlement to retain the Bond
Proceeds was a matter specifically regulated by the Subcontract. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions, para 26.

43 The remote semblance of a cross-contract was because the Performance Bond
was issued by MSIG in favour of the Plaintiff in a separate contractual
document. However, the Performance Bond which was procured by the Defendant in
favour of the Plaintiff in fulfilment of its obligations under cl 6 of the
Subcontract was an integral part of the Subcontract and not a separate
contract between the parties. The operative contract was the Subcontract and
not the agreement between the Defendant and MSIG which made the Plaintiff the
beneficiary of the Performance Bond. Therefore, notwithstanding that the
Performance Bond may have been captured in a separate contractual document
from the Subcontract, it was very much part of the Subcontract.

44 The Plaintiff’s argument that the Bond Proceeds were received by the Owner
and therefore it is the Owner that should be liable to account for them 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, para 34.

is also without merit. Although it was the Owner that had called on the
Performance Bond and received the Bond Proceeds, in substance it was the
Plaintiff that had benefitted from the Performance Bond. As the Plaintiff and
the Owner are two unrelated and separate entities involved in the Development,
it can be inferred that the deed of assignment must have been done for some
consideration. This is especially so since the Owner called on the Performance
Bond on the same day as the deed of assignment. The Plaintiff’s counsel, upon
query from the court, confirmed that the deed of assignment was not gratuitous
but was for the Plaintiff to square-off some of the Plaintiff’s outstanding
liabilities with the Owner. Therefore, notwithstanding that it was the Owner
that had ultimately received the Bond Proceeds, I am of the view that this
does not absolve the Plaintiff of its liability to account for them. After
all, the Owner would not have been able to call on the Performance Bond
without the Plaintiff’s deed of assignment.

45 In these circumstances, accounting for the Bond Proceeds in assessing the
Adjudicated Amount did not amount to a cross-contract set-off and accordingly
the Adjudicator had acted well within his jurisdiction.

Whether the Adjudicator was obligated to consider the Bond Proceeds because
these were included in the Payment Response

46 The Plaintiff argues that because the Bond Proceeds were not included in
the Payment Claim, the Adjudicator had no jurisdiction to account for them in
determining the Adjudicated Amount. To strengthen its argument, the Plaintiff
analogises the payment claim to pleadings in civil procedure and argues that
if the Defendant had not “pleaded” the Bond Proceeds in the Payment Claim, the
Adjudicator could not have taken it into account in assessing the Adjudicated
Amount. The analogy of pleadings may not be appropriate here as pleadings are
governed under the Rules of Court while the procedure and framework of
adjudications are administered under the SOP Act, which is a separate and
entirely different regime from the Rules of Court. Under the SOP Act the
Adjudicator was statutorily obligated to consider the Bond Proceeds because
these were included in the Payment Response. Section 17(3)(d) of the SOP Act
states:

(3) … in determining an adjudication application, an adjudicator shall only
have regard to the following matters:

…

(d) the payment response to which the adjudication application relates (if
any), the adjudication response (if any), and the accompanying documents
thereto;

…

[emphasis added]

The Court of Appeal confirmed in Comfort Management Pte Ltd v OGSP Engineering
Pte Ltd [2018] SGCA 19 (“Comfort Management”) at [26] that s 17(3) of the SOP
Act imposes a mandatory obligation on the adjudicator to consider all matters
listed in that provision. Therefore, pursuant to subsection (d) of s 17(3),
the Adjudicator was obligated to consider the Payment Response and all of the
items included therein.

47 The Plaintiff relies heavily on Rong Shun Engineering & Construction Pte
Ltd v CP Ong Construction Pte Ltd [2017] 4 SLR 359 (“Rong Shun”) for the
proposition that an adjudicator can only award sums that were specifically
included in the payment claim. Therefore, the Plaintiff argues that since the
Bond Proceeds were not included in the Payment Claim, the Adjudicator could
not have accounted for them in the Adjudicated Amount.

48 In my view, this was a mischaracterisation of the holding in Rong Shun. In
Rong Shun, the respondent sought to set aside an adjudication determination on
the basis that, inter alia, the adjudicator had exceeded his jurisdiction by
adjudicating upon the applicant’s oral claim for a retention sum when that
claim had not been advanced by the applicant in its payment claim, and only in
its notice of the adjudication application under s 13(2) of the SOP Act. There
was no payment response lodged by the respondent in that case. Vinodh
Coomaraswamy J held that the adjudicator had indeed exceeded his jurisdiction
by adjudicating upon the retention sum, given that the applicant had not
merely omitted the retention sum claim from its payment claim but went further
to expressly exclude it from its payment claim. This amounted to an
unsolicited admission from the applicant that the retention sum was not due.
However, a material fact in Rong Shun was that the respondent had failed to
lodge a payment response. This renders Rong Shun distinguishable from the
present case, in which the Plaintiff had not only lodged and served the
Payment Response but had also expressly included the Bond Proceeds within it.
Coomaraswamy J explicitly stated at [101] of Rong Shun that a payment claim
“fixes the parameters of the substantive content of an adjudication
application, subject only to any additional issues introduced by a duly-served
payment response.” [emphasis added]. He further noted at [105] that an
adjudicator would not be properly seised of a payment claim dispute under the
SOP Act if the dispute did not arise from the “payment claim read together
with any payment response”. I concur with Coomaraswamy J that the scope of an
adjudicator’s jurisdiction is framed by both the payment claim and payment
response. This is similar to the approach that I have taken pertaining to this
issue at [46].

49 For completeness I should also add that despite having found that the
adjudicator should not have accounted for the retention sum, Coomaraswamy J
did not set aside the adjudication determination in its entirety but instead
applied the doctrine of severance to sever the part of the determination which
erroneously accounted for the retention sum. However, I shall not dwell
further on this tangential observation as the parties had not raised it.

50 In the present case, the Plaintiff’s Payment Response clearly and correctly
took into account the Bond Proceeds (see [16] above). Hence, the Adjudicator
not only had the jurisdiction to account for the Bond Proceeds, but he was
also statutorily obligated to account for them. Given that it was the
Plaintiff that had included the Bond Proceeds in its Payment Response, this
indicated that the Plaintiff acknowledged that it was only right and fair to
account for the Bond Proceeds that were received by the Owner. Therefore, the
Plaintiff must have intended for the Adjudicator to do the right thing by
taking into account the Bond Proceeds. Ultimately, the Adjudicator did exactly
what the Plaintiff had initially intended. Hence, I find it rather curious
that the Plaintiff now argues that the Adjudicator should not have taken the
Bond Proceeds into account.

Whether the Adjudicator was required to account for the Bond Proceeds
notwithstanding that the Adjudication only offers temporary finality

51 The Plaintiff accepts that the Bond Proceeds will have to be accounted for
eventually. However, it contends that this accounting should only take place
at the Arbitration which is scheduled to be heard in July 2018 and not at the
Adjudication. The Plaintiff’s argument is that the Adjudication is not a full
and final settlement of the matter. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, paras 80–101.

With respect, I disagree.

52 A performance bond is a form of security and the issuance of such a bond
does not mean that the holder of the bond has an absolute right to keep the
proceeds from the bond permanently. The bond holder’s entitlement to the bond
proceeds will have to be decided when the parties’ rights and obligations are
determined. Therefore, any final statement of account must take into account
the bond proceeds. This was the principle laid down by Morison J in Cargill
International S.A. and Another v Bangladesh Sugar and Food Industries
Corporation [1996] 4 All ER 563 (“Cargill”). As was stated by Potter LJ in the
English Court of Appeal decision of Comdel Commodities Ltd v Siporex Trade SA
[1997] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 424 at 431, which approved the analysis in Cargill:

If the amount of the bond is not enough to satisfy the seller’s claim for
damages, the buyer is liable to the seller for damages in excess of the amount
of the bond. On the other hand, if the amount of the bond is more than enough
to satisfy the seller’s claim for damages, the buyer can recover from the
seller the amount of the bond which exceeds the seller’s damages.

This principle was cited with approval by Belinda Ang Saw Ean J in Pun Serge v
Joy Head Investments Ltd [2010] 4 SLR 478 at [11].

53 In this case the Adjudicator’s duty was to comprehensively determine the
rights and obligations of the parties under the Subcontract, having regard to
the Payment Claim and the Payment Response. Having assessed that the Defendant
was already liable to the Plaintiff for the works done, before taking into
account the Bond Proceeds, the Adjudicator was obligated to give credit for
the Bond Proceeds which were stated in the Payment Response. Therefore, the
Adjudicator was right to have accounted for the Bond Proceeds in assessing the
Adjudicated Amount.

54 The Plaintiff asserts that the accounting for the Bond Proceeds can only
take place at the trial or arbitration of the dispute, because an adjudication
only gives temporary finality as it does not prohibit parties from commencing
further proceedings. This assertion is misconceived. While it is true that
adjudications under the SOP Act are meant to provide parties only with
temporary finality (see, for example, W Y Steel Construction Pte Ltd v Osko
Pte Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 380 (“Osko”) at [22]), nevertheless, it should be
regarded as final and binding until the dispute is further determined through
litigation or arbitration. Indeed, the Court of Appeal in Osko stated at [18]
that the process of adjudication “although provisional in nature, is final and
binding on the parties to the adjudication until their differences are
ultimately and conclusively determined or resolved” [emphasis added]. The
dispute between the parties may carry on to arbitration or litigation, or it
may well be that the adjudication marks the end of the matter for the parties.
Therefore, an adjudicator has to account for any monies that have been raised
before him and have already been paid out pursuant to the performance bond in
order to conclusively determine the net amounts outstanding between the
parties. In this case the Subcontract was terminated on the same day as the
call on the Performance Bond by the Owner, ie, 22 December 2015. Therefore,
there was a need to finalise the accounts between the parties. This was
precisely what the Adjudicator had done.

55 Before moving on, I would briefly deal with two related arguments raised by
the Plaintiff. The first argument is a hypothetical scenario postulated by the
Plaintiff. If the Plaintiff/Owner had called on the Performance Bond after the
AD was issued, it would have been able to retain the entirety of the Bond
Proceeds because the Adjudicator would not have accounted for them. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, para 67.

Therefore, the Plaintiff contends that it should not be prejudiced simply
because of the timing with which it called on the Performance Bond. With
respect, the Plaintiff’s argument is untenable for two reasons. First, even if
the Plaintiff had called on the Performance Bond after the AD was issued, the
Plaintiff would still be obligated to account for any excess portion of the
Bond Proceeds after accounting for the Adjudicated Amount although this could
not be done at the Adjudication. It is true that the Adjudicator would not
have accounted for the Bond Proceeds in the Plaintiff’s hypothetical scenario
given that the Bond Proceeds were non-existent at the time and this could not
have been within the foreseeable scope of the Adjudicator’s duty. Furthermore,
the Bond Proceeds would not logically be in the Payment Response. Second, and
more fundamentally, just because the Performance Bond is called after the
issuance of the AD does not change the principle that the Plaintiff is not
entitled to retain the Bond Proceeds permanently and must account for any
excess amount after a determination of the dispute between the parties.

56 The second argument that the Plaintiff raises is that the Adjudication was
not a full and final determination of the matter, as the Adjudicator did not
make a conclusive determination on the full damages sought in respect of the
Plaintiff’s alleged back charges. Therefore, given that the Adjudication was
not a full and final settlement of the matter, the Adjudicator should not have
accounted for the Bond Proceeds since he had not made a final determination on
the Plaintiff’s claim for the back charges. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, paras 84–97.

This argument does not appear to be factually correct. In its Payment Response
the Plaintiff claimed liquidated damages of $738,659.60 from the Defendant.
The Adjudicator granted this amount. The Plaintiff claimed a further sum of
$13,501,134.65 as this amount was imposed by the Owner as back charges. The
Adjudicator only awarded a much lesser sum of $478,196.52 to the Plaintiff for
the back charges. The Plaintiff may not be satisfied with the Adjudicator’s
award but this does not mean that he did not consider the issues raised in the
Payment Response. On the contrary, he stated at para 73 of the AD that he “was
not convinced that the Respondent had discharged its burden of proof” in
respect of the back charges claimed by the Plaintiff that were disallowed by
the Adjudicator. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

WSK’s 1st Affdaivit, WSK-1, p 58.

Therefore, contrary to the Plaintiff’s assertions and notwithstanding the
pending Arbitration, the Adjudication was a full, final and binding settlement
of the matter, albeit one of temporary finality, pending a conclusive
determination, if any, of the parties’ dispute.

57 In summary, my findings on this issue are that the Adjudicator did not act
in excess of his jurisdiction by accounting for the Bond Proceeds as these
were not a cross-contract set-off. The Adjudication was a proper forum for the
accounting of the Bond Proceeds even though it provides temporary finality, as
the AD is final and binding nonetheless until the parties’ differences are
conclusively determined. Finally, the Adjudicator had the jurisdiction to
account for the Bond Proceeds because these were included in the Payment
Response, notwithstanding that these were not stated in the Payment Claim.

Whether the AD has the effect of reversing the decision in OS 4/2016

58 The Plaintiff contends that by accounting for the Bond Proceeds in the
assessment of the Adjudicated Amount, the Adjudicator had effectively reversed
the decision of Ramesh JC in OS 4/2016. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, paras 61–65.

To recapitulate, this was a dismissal of the Defendant’s application for an
injunction to prevent the Owner from calling on the Performance Bond.

59 With respect, this contention is entirely without merit. The issues in OS
4/2016 and those in the Adjudication were completely different. It is trite
law that the court may only grant an injunction to restrain the calling of an
otherwise unconditional performance bond where there is fraud or
unconscionability (see, for example, Bocotra Construction Pte Ltd and others v
Attorney-General [1995] 2 SLR(R) 262 at [46]). Therefore, the only issue that
could have been before Ramesh JC in OS 4/2016 was whether there was fraud or
unconscionability such as to warrant the injunction. Ramesh JC did not have to
decide whether the Owner was justified in the calling of the Performance Bond.
On the other hand, at the Adjudication, the Adjudicator had to consider the
substantive payment dispute arising out of the Subcontract. The Adjudicator’s
determination of the issues in the Adjudication has no bearing whatsoever on
Ramesh JC’s decision to dismiss the injunction application and also did not
affect the Owner’s right to call on the Performance Bond. In fact, the Owner
had successfully called on the Performance Bond and was paid the Bond Proceeds
on 23 March 2016. Ramesh JC’s decision in OS 4/2016 cannot be interpreted to
go so far as to entitle the Plaintiff to keep the Bond Proceeds permanently.
On the contrary, if the Adjudicator had not taken into account the Bond
Proceeds, the Plaintiff would be obligated to account for any excess amount
from the Bond Proceeds after deducting whatever was due from the Defendant.

Whether the initial omission of the Owner’s name and service address is
sufficient basis for the AD to be set aside

60 The Plaintiff argues that because the Defendant had failed to include the
name and service address of the Owner in the Adjudication Application form, it
has breached s 13(3)(c) of the SOP Act read with reg 7(2)(a) of the SOP
Regulations. Therefore, this rendered the Adjudication Application invalid and
the AD that was issued pursuant to this defective application should be set
aside.

61 It should, however, be pointed out that this omission was rectified by the
Adjudicator granting an application for an amendment by the Defendant.
Therefore, the proper issue to consider is whether the initial omission of the
Owner’s name and service address is sufficient to render the AD liable to be
set aside.

The scope of the Adjudicator’s discretion to allow amendments pursuant to reg
7(2A) of the SOP Regulations

62 Before getting to that, I shall first address the Plaintiff’s contention
that the Adjudicator had acted in excess of his jurisdiction by granting leave
to the Defendant to make the aforementioned amendment pursuant to reg 7(2A) of
the SOP Regulations. This requires an understanding of the correct
interpretation of reg 7(2A). Regulation 7(2A) states:

(2A) The adjudicator appointed under section 14 of the Act may, at any time
before the making of the determination and on such terms as to costs or
otherwise as he thinks just, allow such amendments to be made to an
adjudication application as he thinks fit.

[emphasis added]

63 The Plaintiff relies on a circular issued by the Building and Construction
Authority to assert that the Adjudicator’s power under reg 7(2A) is restricted
to allowing amendments of clerical errors. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, para 104.

The Plaintiff also relies on s 17(6) of the SOP Act which provides that an
adjudicator may correct a mistake in an adjudication determination if such a
mistake was (a) a clerical mistake; (b) an error arising from an accidental
slip or omission; or (c) a defect of form, to argue that an adjudicator’s
powers under reg 7(2A) should be similarly restricted. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, paras 105 and 110.

Further, the Plaintiff argues that it would be against legislative intention
for the powers under reg 7(2A) to be interpreted in an expansive manner, as it
would detract from the strictness with which conditions and timelines under
the SOP Act have to be adhered to. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, para 109.

64 In my view, a plain reading of reg 7(2A) makes it abundantly clear that the
Adjudicator has a discretion in deciding whether or not to allow amendments to
be made to adjudication applications. This is so long as the amendment is done
before the making of the determination and the amendment does not infringe any
of the other provisions in the SOP Act.

65 In relation to the concern that allowing such amendments may detract from
the strictness with which conditions and timelines have to be adhered to, the
adjudicator’s power to impose costs and other remedial measures on the parties
serves as a sufficient deterrent against such non-compliance. It also serves
as a remedy for any prejudice that may be caused to the other party as a
result of allowing amendments to adjudication applications.

66 This expansive reading of reg 7(2A) also accords with the view taken in
Chow Kok Fong, Security of Payments and Construction Adjudication (LexisNexis,
2nd Ed, 2013) (“Chow Kok Fong”) at para 9.73 which states:

[T]he BCA stated that the intention behind these amendments is to allow for
the correction of clerical errors in the adjudication application. While that
may well be the intention of the BCA, it is arguable that this intention is
not reflected in the wording of the new regulation, and unless the regulation
is amended, it is unlikely to be construed by adjudicators and parties in the
narrow sense intended by the BCA. [emphasis added]

Therefore, I find that the Adjudicator was acting within his jurisdiction in
allowing the Defendant to amend the Adjudication Application.

67 I note that the Plaintiff has referred this court to a previous
adjudication determination where the adjudicator had adopted a narrow reading
of his powers to allow amendments under reg 7(2A). I also note that prior to
this matter the courts have not had a chance to consider the interpretation of
reg 7(2A) and this may have resulted in some differing interpretations being
taken by adjudicators. Therefore, it is hoped that this decision will be able
to engender greater clarity and uniformity in the application of reg 7(2A)
amongst the adjudicators under the SOP Act.

Whether the initial omission of the Owner’s name and service address is a
sufficient basis for setting aside the AD

68 I turn next to consider whether the initial omission of the Owner’s name
and service address is sufficient basis for the AD to be set aside. In this
regard, I am of the view that despite technically being a breach of the
conditions under the SOP Act and the SOP Regulations such an omission is
insufficient basis for the AD to be set aside. First, the grounds on which an
AD may be set aside are set out by Judith Prakash J (as she then was) in SEF
Construction Pte Ltd v Skoy Connected Pte Ltd [2010] 1 SLR 733 (“SEF
Construction”). Prakash J stated at [45]:

… I consider that an application to the court under s 27(5) must concern
itself with, and the court’s role must be limited to, determining the
existence of the following basic requirements:

(a) the existence of a contract between the claimant and the respondent, to
which the SOP Act applies (s 4);

(b) the service by the claimant on the respondent of a payment claim (s 10);

(c) the making of an adjudication application by the claimant to an authorised
nominating body (s 13);

(d) the reference of the application to an eligible adjudicator who agrees to
determine the adjudication application (s 14);

(e) the determination by the adjudicator of the application within the
specified period by determining the adjudicated amount (if any) to be paid by
the respondent to the claimant; the date on which the adjudicated amount is
payable; the interest payable on the adjudicated amount and the proportion of
the costs payable by each party to the adjudication (ss 17(1) and (2));

(f) whether the adjudicator acted independently and impartially and in a
timely manner and complied with the principles of natural justice in
accordance with s 16(3); and

(g) in the case where a review adjudicator or panel of adjudicators has been
appointed, whether the same conditions existed, mutandis mutandi, as under (a)
to (f) above.

69 Further, in Chow Kok Fong at para 9.53, it is stated in relation to the
grounds set out by Prakash J in SEF Construction that:

Non-compliance outside this list of essential conditions would not … have the
effect of denying the adjudicator his competence to adjudicate and this would
include non-compliance with the provisions of section 13(3)(a), (b) and (c).

70 The Court of Appeal in Comfort Management reiterated at [75] that the
unifying basis of the grounds in SEF Construction was whether there –

has been a breach of a provision under the [SOP] Act which is so important
that it is the legislative purpose that an act done in breach of that
provision should be invalid … We labelled such a provision a mandatory
condition, and we considered that breaching it would result in the
adjudication determination being invalid. [emphasis added]

71 It is apparent that any omission of the Owner’s name and service address
from the adjudication application form, initial or otherwise, does not fall
within the grounds in SEF Construction listed above. Therefore, it is not a
basis for setting aside the AD.

72 Second, and more fundamentally, the requirement for the name and service
address to be included in the adjudication application form is so as to enable
the Singapore Mediation Centre to notify the principal or owner concerned of
the adjudication application who may have an interest in the adjudication (see
Chow Kok Fong at para 9.62). In the present case, the Owner did not suffer any
prejudice from the initial omission of its name and service address as it was
fully apprised of the impending adjudication proceedings. The Owner had sent a
letter to the Plaintiff dated 7 April 2016 with details and supporting
documents for alleged back charges which it urged the Plaintiff to take into
account in its Payment Response. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Affidavit of Sam Shee Choong dated 4 April 2018 (“SSC’s 1st Affidavit”),
SSC-1, p 8–11.

Furthermore, the Owner had participated in the Adjudication by sending two
representatives to attend the Adjudication. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, WSK-1, p 45.

The solicitors that acted for the Plaintiff in the Adjudication also acted for
the Owner. Therefore, the Adjudication Application should not be rendered
defective merely because of a technical omission which had caused no prejudice
to the Owner. Accordingly, I decline to set aside the AD on this basis.

Summary

73 In summary, I dismiss the Plaintiff’s application for the AD to be set
aside. The Adjudicator had not acted in excess of his jurisdiction in taking
into account the Bond Proceeds in assessing the Adjudicated Amount. On the
contrary, I am of the view that he was legally obligated to account for the
Bond Proceeds.

74 The proceeds from the calling of a performance bond are not to be retained
by the bond holder permanently and have to be accounted for once the rights
and obligations of the parties have been determined. In the present case, the
Adjudication was a determination of the rights and obligations of the
Plaintiff and the Defendant as the Subcontract had already been terminated.
Therefore, the Plaintiff was obligated to account for any excess amounts of
the Bond Proceeds after subtracting the monies due from the Defendant.

75 I also disagreed with the contention that the Adjudicator had nullified the
effect of Ramesh JC’s decision in OS 4/2016 by taking into account the Bond
Proceeds. This is because the issues considered in both proceedings were
completely different. The purpose of the injunction application to prevent the
calling of the Performance Bond is also diametrically different from that of
the Adjudication.

76 I am satisfied that the Adjudicator had acted intra vires in allowing the
Defendant to amend its Adjudication Application. In any event, the omission of
the Owner’s name and service address from the Adjudication Application form
was not a valid basis for the AD to be set aside. On the facts, even though
the Owner’s name and service address were omitted, the spirit and intention
under the SOP Act regarding the provision of these details were nevertheless
fulfilled as the Owner took an active part in the Adjudication.

Conclusion

77 While it is true that adjudications under the SOP Act are somewhat
“roughshod” (Osko at [22]) and therefore “have in recent years been the
subject of close judicial scrutiny” (Comfort Management at [1]), the
determinations rendered thereunder do represent a form of finality for parties
and should be respected as such. Unfortunately, the Plaintiff has
misunderstood this principle by bringing this present application to resist
payment of the Adjudicated Amount on wholly untenable grounds. For the
aforesaid reasons, I dismiss the Plaintiff’s primary application for the AD to
be set aside. I shall now hear parties on the alternative prayer for a stay of
enforcement of the AD pending the disposal of the Arbitration.

Post-judgment addendum

78 The parties appeared before me again on 31 May 2018, where I delivered a
summary of my oral judgment to dismiss the Plaintiff’s application in OS
290/2018 for setting aside the AD. Subsequent to the delivery of my judgment,
the parties addressed me on the Plaintiff’s alternative application in OS
290/2018, which was an application for a stay of enforcement of the AD pending
the disposal of the Arbitration. The Plaintiff also made an oral application
for an Erinford injunction, which is a stay pending the appeal against my
decision.

79 After hearing the parties’ submissions and having considered the evidence
before me, I dismissed both the stay application pending the disposal of the
Arbitration as well as the application for the Erinford injunction. The
Plaintiff indicated that it will be appealing against both my decisions to
dismiss its application for a stay of enforcement as well as its application
for an Erinford injunction. Therefore, I include this post-judgment addendum
to provide the grounds of my decision on the alternative application.

The parties’ cases on the stay application and Erinford injunction

80 The Plaintiff stated that the Defendant’s right to enforce the AD must be
balanced against its corresponding right to reverse the AD, which is only
meant to have temporary finality. In this regard, the Plaintiff argued that
even if the stay was granted pending the disposal of the Arbitration, the
Defendant’s right to the Adjudicated Amount would not be affected if it were
decided in the Arbitration that the Defendant was indeed entitled to such
sums. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, para 140.

The Plaintiff also asserted that the Defendant’s decision to enforce the AD
one and a half years after it was issued showed that the Defendant did not
have any cash flow concerns and would not be prejudiced if the Adjudicated
Amount remained in court pending the disposal of the Arbitration. On the other
hand, the Plaintiff asserted that it would be unable to recover the
Adjudicated Amount even if it succeeds in the Arbitration, given that the
Defendant is facing financial difficulties. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, paras 143–146.

81 In response, the Defendant submitted that the Plaintiff’s stay application
was intended as a backdoor attempt to undermine the adjudication process. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions, para 54.

The Defendant argued that the evidence relied on by the Plaintiff did not
suffice to show that, on a balance of probabilities, the Plaintiff would be
unable to recover the Adjudicated Amount if it succeeds in the Arbitration. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions, paras 58–63.

82 As for the Erinford injunction, the Plaintiff submitted that the factors
the court should consider were first, the likelihood of success of the appeal,
and second, whether the appeal would be rendered nugatory if a stay was not
granted. The Plaintiff informed the court that its grounds for applying for
the Erinford injunction would be the same as its grounds for the stay
application, and made no further arguments in support of this application. The
Defendant consequently did not provide a response to this application.

My decision on the stay application

83 It is well established that a successful claimant in a SOP Act adjudication
is entitled to receive the adjudicated amount quickly and should not be denied
payment without very good reason. In this oft-cited passage, the Court of
Appeal in Osko explained at [59] that:

[T]he purpose of the [SOP] Act is to ensure (inter alia) that even though
adjudication determinations are interim in nature, successful claimants are
paid. To this end, under s 22(1), the respondent must pay the adjudicated
amount either within seven days after being served with the adjudication
determination (see s 22(1)(a)), or by the deadline stipulated by the
adjudicator (see s 22(1)(b)). The claimant can suspend work (see s 26(1)(d))
or take a lien on goods supplied (see s 25(2)(d)) if the respondent fails to
pay. If the respondent intends to apply for a review of the adjudication
determination, he must first pay the adjudicated amount to the claimant: see s
18(3). If the respondent wants to set aside the adjudication determination, he
must pay into court as security the unpaid portion of the adjudicated amount:
see s 27(5). This requirement is repeated in O 95 r 3(3) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). These provisions all point to one thing: where a
claimant succeeds in his adjudication application, he is entitled to receive
the adjudicated amount quickly and cannot be denied payment without very good
reason. [emphasis added]

84 With this principle in mind, the Court of Appeal in Osko went on to state
at [70] that a stay would only be granted where there was:

[C]lear and objective evidence of the successful claimant’s actual present
insolvency, or where the court is satisfied on a balance of probabilities that
if the stay were not granted, the money paid to the claimant would not
ultimately be recovered if the dispute between the parties were finally
resolved in the respondent’s favour by a court or tribunal or some other
dispute resolution body. [emphasis added]

85 Ultimately, the Court of Appeal emphasised at [71] that:

[A] stay will not readily be granted having regard to the overall purpose of
the Act, which is precisely to avoid and guard against pushing building and
construction companies over the financial precipice. [emphasis in original]

I had stated in my earlier decision in Kingsford Construction Pte Ltd v A Deli
Construction Pte Ltd [2017] SGHC 174 (“Kingsford”) at [44] that when striking
a balance between the claimant’s entitlement to receive quick payment and the
respondent’s entitlement to recover the money upon subsequent dispute
resolution, “the overall objective of the [SOP Act], which is to ensure cash
flow in the construction industry, should ultimately be given more weight.”

86 In the hearing before me, the Plaintiff accepted that it could not adduce
evidence of the Defendant’s “actual present insolvency”. However, it elected
to rely on the other ground upon which a stay could be granted, ie, if the
court was satisfied on a balance of probabilities that if the stay were not
granted, the money paid to the Defendant would not ultimately be recovered if
the dispute between the parties were finally resolved in the Plaintiff’s
favour at the Arbitration.

87 In my view, the Plaintiff had not adduced sufficient evidence to discharge
its burden of proof. The only evidence the Plaintiff relied on to support its
assertion that it would be unable to recover the Adjudicated Amount was the
Defendant’s failure to make payment of the “deposit required by the SIAC”
despite repeated reminders since 25 October 2017. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

WSK’s 1st Affidavit, para 55; Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, para 144.

To clarify, there were two sets of deposits that the Plaintiff alleged the
Defendant refused to pay. First, there was the deposit in respect of the costs
for the Owner’s main claim against the Defendant (“the First Deposit”). In
this regard, the Owner had made payment of the Defendant’s share of the First
Deposit, on the Defendant’s behalf. The Owner, thereafter, sought an interim
award from the arbitrator, compelling the Defendant to reimburse the Owner for
half of the First Deposit that it had paid on the Defendant’s behalf. The
Defendant maintained that it did not consider itself bound to pay half of the
First Deposit, as it would be akin to funding the Owner’s claim against it. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions, para 59.

Given that the interim award is still pending determination by the arbitrator,
the Defendant was well within its right to withhold payment to the Owner.
Therefore, the Defendant’s non-payment of the First Deposit does not
necessarily give rise to the inference that it is facing financial
difficulties or would otherwise be unwilling to meet its financial
obligations.

88 Second, there was the deposit in respect of the costs of the Defendant’s
counterclaim against the Plaintiff and the Owner (the “Second Deposit”). The
parties did not dispute that the Defendant had made payment of the first
tranche of the Second Deposit, but had failed to make payment of the second
tranche. The Defendant explained that this was a deliberate decision on its
part, and it was ultimately its choice and not its obligation to make payment
of the second tranche of the Second Deposit, given that it bore the risk of
SIAC terminating the arbitration if the Second Deposit was not furnished. I
found this to be a credible explanation, and accordingly I did not find that
this gave rise to the inference that the Defendant was in financial difficulty
or would be unwilling to meet its financial obligations.

89 In the circumstances, the evidence before me relating to the Defendant’s
non-payment of the deposits in the Arbitration was neutral at best, and it did
not give rise to the inference that the Plaintiff would be unable to recover
the Adjudicated Amount should it succeed in the Arbitration.

90 I would also deal briefly with the Plaintiff’s assertion that the Defendant
does not have any cash flow concerns, given that it waited one and a half
years before enforcing the AD. Therefore, the Defendant would not be
prejudiced if the Adjudicated Amount was held in court pending the imminent
disposal of the Arbitration. I found it curious that the Plaintiff would run
such an argument, given that it is a double-edged sword. If I accepted the
contention that the Defendant does not have any cash flow concerns, this would
severely weaken the Plaintiff’s argument that it would be unable to recover
the Adjudicated Amount due to the Defendant’s impecuniosity. Indeed, I was of
the view that if the Defendant were truly in financial difficulties, it would
not have waited one and a half years before enforcing the AD.

91 Therefore, all things considered, I dismissed the Plaintiff’s application
for a stay of enforcement of the AD pending the disposal of the Arbitration.

My decision on the Erinford injunction

92 An Erinford injunction is an order for a stay of execution of a judgment
pending the appeal of the matter. The Erinford injunction derives its name
from Erinford Properties Ltd and Another v Cheshire County Council [1974] 2
WLR 749. Megarry J stated at 755 that:

[W]here the application is for an injunction pending an appeal, the question
is whether the judgment that has been given is one upon which the successful
party ought to be free to act despite the pendency of an appeal. One of the
important factors in making such a decision, of course, is the possibility
that the judgment may be reversed or varied. … A judge who feels no doubt in
dismissing a claim to an interlocutory injunction may, perfectly consistently
with his decision, recognise that his decision might be reversed, and that the
comparative effects of granting or refusing an injunction pending an appeal
are such that it would be right to preserve the status quo pending the appeal.
…

There may, of course, be many cases where it would be wrong to grant an
injunction pending appeal, as where any appeal would be frivolous, or to grant
the injunction would inflict greater hardship than it would avoid, and so on.
But subject to that, the principle is to be found in the leading judgment of
Cotton L.J. in Wilson v. Church (No. 2), 12 Ch.D. 454, where, speaking of an
appeal from the Court of Appeal to the House of Lords, he said at p. 458, “…
when a party is appealing, exercising his undoubted right of appeal, this
court ought to see that the appeal, if successful, is not nugatory.”

[emphasis added]

This has been accepted as good law in Singapore: see, for example, Tan Soo
Leng David v Wee, Satku & Kumar Pte Ltd and another [1993] 2 SLR(R) 741 at
[33] and Sin Herh Construction Pte Ltd v Hyundai Engineering & Construction Co
Ltd and another [2017] SGHC 3 at [28].

93 It can be distilled from the judgment of Megarry J that there are two
primary factors a court will consider when deciding whether to grant an
Erinford injunction. First, whether there is a likelihood that the appeal will
succeed. Second, whether the appeal will be rendered nugatory if a stay was
not granted.

94 On the first factor, the Plaintiff submitted that there were certain issues
in this judgment which were novel and had hitherto not been considered by the
Singapore courts. This did not mean that the Plaintiff had a prima facie
likelihood of success in the appeal. I have earlier mentioned at [77] that the
Plaintiff had brought this present application to resist payment of the
Adjudicated Amount on wholly untenable grounds. Thus the Plaintiff’s
likelihood of success in the appeal is dim.

95 On the second factor, given that the Plaintiff had failed to convince the
court that it would be unable to recover the Adjudicated Amount should it
succeed in the Arbitration, it follows that it would also be unable to prove
that the appeal would be rendered nugatory if a stay was not granted.
Therefore, on that basis I would decline to grant an Erinford injunction.

96 The facts of the present case are similar to that in Kingsford. In
Kingsford, upon my dismissal of the applications for setting aside the
adjudication determinations, the plaintiff immediately applied for the order
to be stayed pending its appeal. I observed at [45] that the plaintiff
appeared unwilling to allow the defendant to have the benefit of the money
that was paid into court, despite the adjudication determinations and the
dismissal of the applications to set aside the adjudication determinations.
Ultimately, I held that the purpose of the SOP Act militated in favour of
releasing the monies paid into court pending appeal, and declined to grant a
stay. The same considerations are applicable in the present case. Given that
the Defendant had been awarded the Adjudicated Amount by the Adjudicator, and
further, that the application to set aside the AD had been dismissed, I see no
further reason to continue depriving the Defendant of the Adjudicated Amount.
Additionally, it had not been proven to my satisfaction that the Plaintiff
would be unable to recover the Adjudicated Amount should it succeed in the
Arbitration or if it succeeds on appeal.

97 Accordingly, I ordered that the sums paid into court be released to the
Defendant forthwith.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge

Chuah Chee Kian Christopher, Koh Swee Yen, Lee Hwai Bin, Tay Bing Wei and
Sheryl Ang (WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Yam Wern-Jhien (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

