Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 100

HC/Suit No 1245 of 2016  
(HC/Registrar’s Appeals No 84, 85 and 86 of 2018)  
(HC/Summons No 1791 of 2018)

Between

Resorts World at Sentosa Pte Ltd

… Plaintiff

And

Sze Siu Hung

… Defendant

judgment

[Civil procedure] — [judgments and orders]

[Civil procedure] — [service]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Resorts World at Sentosa Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Sze Siu Hung

[2018] SGHC 100

High Court — HC/Suit No 1245 of 2016 (HC/Registrar’s Appeals No 84, 85 and 86
of 2018 and HC/Summons No 1791 of 2018)  
Choo Han Teck J  
18, 30 April 2018

27 April 2018 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff operates a casino in Singapore. In November 2011, the
defendant, a Hong Kong citizen, went to the plaintiff’s casino and used $15m
from a credit facility given to him by the plaintiff. A Hong Kong address was
stated as the defendant’s residential address in the credit agreement between
the plaintiff and the defendant. Between December 2011 and March 2015,
$5,571,073 of partial payments and $1,048,350 in rebates were set-off against
the $15m owed by the defendant. This left a balance of $8,380,577 to be paid
by the defendant.

2 The plaintiff’s solicitors sent a letter of demand dated 26 October 2016
(“26 October 2016 letter”) to four addresses connected to the defendant. Three
of the addresses were in Hong Kong, whilst the last was in Fujian, China.
These were addresses found in various searches made by the plaintiff.

3 By a letter dated 2 November 2016, the defendant’s Hong Kong solicitors, M/s
Michael Li & Co (“MLC”), replied to the 26 October 2016 letter, informing the
plaintiff’s solicitors that they were taking instructions from the defendant.
On 10 November 2016, MLC sent another letter to the plaintiff’s solicitors,
denying the plaintiff’s claim, and requesting for particulars and documents.

4 On 23 November 2016 the plaintiff commenced the present suit for the
repayment of the $8,380,577. On 1 December 2016, the plaintiff applied for
leave for service of the cause papers out of jurisdiction. This was granted.
The plaintiff then appointed solicitors in Hong Kong, M/s Winnie Mak, Chan &
Yeung (“WMCY”), to effect personal service on the defendant. WMCY wrote to
MLC, asking if they had instructions to accept service on behalf of the
defendant. On 15 December 2016, MLC replied saying that they did not have such
instructions. WMCY thus proceeded to attempt personal service on the defendant
a total of six times, unsuccessfully, at the three Hong Kong addresses.

5 As a result, the plaintiff applied for, and was granted, an order to effect
substituted service. Substituted service was effected on 2 February 2017, by
advertisement in an English language newspaper and a Chinese language
newspaper, and the sending of copies of the advertisements to the three Hong
Kong addresses.

6 Despite all this, the defendant did not enter an appearance. The plaintiff
thus entered default judgment against the defendant on 2 March 2017. The
default judgment was registered in Hong Kong, and notification of the
registration order was sent to the same three Hong Kong addresses. On 2 August
2017 the defendant made his debut by applying to set aside the Hong Kong
court’s order registering the default judgment. Making up for lost time, the
defendant applied, in Singapore, to set aside the order for leave to serve the
cause papers out of jurisdiction, the order for substituted service, and the
default judgment entered against him. The defendant’s applications were
dismissed by the assistant registrar, and the defendant appealed before me.

7 On appeal, counsel for the defendant, Mr Chan, argues that the order for
service out of jurisdiction should be set aside as the plaintiff did not make
full and frank disclosure. Mr Chan submits that the plaintiff failed to bring
the court’s attention to the fact that “it knew and/or had reason to believe
that the [defendant’s] place of residence was in Fujian”. In support of this,
Mr Chan points to three alleged facts. First, the defendant had told the
plaintiff’s employee, Ms Gao, that he was resident in Fujian. Second, the
plaintiff had commissioned a search on the defendant in Hong Kong which
revealed that he was born in Fujian and had four listed addresses; the three
Hong Kong addresses and the Fujian address. Third, the 26 October 2016 letter
was sent to the three Hong Kong addresses and the Fujian address.

8 I do not accept this argument. Under O 11 r 2(1)(c) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 332, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) the plaintiff was required, in applying for leave
for service out of jurisdiction, to state what place or country the defendant
is, or probably may be found. The defendant is a Hong Kong citizen who, in his
credit agreement with the plaintiff, listed a Hong Kong address. The searches
conducted on the defendant showed Hong Kong addresses. The 26 October 2016
letter was replied to by Hong Kong solicitors engaged by the defendant. In
these circumstances, the plaintiff was clearly entitled to state that the
defendant is, or probably may be found, in Hong Kong. I do not see how it
could have been material that another address, in Fujian, was connected to the
defendant, especially when that address was not a residential address, but an
office address. I am also of the opinion that the defendant was trying to
evade service and now, the consequences of his failure to respond earlier.

9 Mr Chan’s next submission concerns the order for substituted service. Mr
Chan argues that the order should be set aside for three reasons. First, the
plaintiff did not make reasonable efforts to locate the defendant’s
residential address. Second, the plaintiff has not shown that the two modes of
substituted service would bring the cause papers to the defendant’s notice.
Third, the plaintiff did not make full and frank disclosure that it knew or
had reason to believe that the defendant’s place of residence was in Fujian.

10 Mr Chan’s third reason is the same as his argument in respect of the order
for service out of jurisdiction, and is rejected for the same reasons. As for
the other two reasons, I find that they are little more than afterthoughts
dangled about to distract from the cause of these proceedings — the
defendant’s evasion of service. What is clear is that the defendant knew of
the proceedings at the latest by 15 December 2016. According to the defendant,
the 26 October 2016 letter was forwarded to him by the staff at the Fujian
address. He then sought legal advice from MLC, who issued the letters dated 2
and 10 November 2016. On 12 December 2016, WMCY informed MLC of the
proceedings and asked if they had instructions to accept service. MLC asked
the defendant, who, despite knowledge of the proceedings, replied that he “did
not wish to give instructions for it to accept service on [his] behalf.” The
defendant cannot now claim that he had no notice of the proceedings, or that
the plaintiff did not make reasonable efforts to bring the cause papers to his
notice.

11 This brings us to Mr Chan’s last submission. He submits that the default
judgment should be set aside as there is a prima facie defence. The defendant
claims he has made full repayment of the $15m to Ms Gao, who, according to the
defendant’s friend, Mr Shi, admitted to misappropriating the monies. These
payments are said to have been made through intermediaries as a result of
China’s exchange control regulations. In support of this argument, Mr Chan is
seeking leave to adduce fresh evidence showing the defendant’s transfer of a
total of $15m to various intermediaries. In the alternative, Mr Chan submits
that the credit agreement is void as a result of a unilateral mistake on the
part of the defendant, who, after some alleged discussions between him, Mr
Shi, and Ms Gao, thought he would only be liable for up to 70% of the debt
incurred.

12 I reject Mr Chan’s application and his arguments. First, as Mr Shankar,
counsel for the plaintiff pointed out, the allegations of repayment and
unilateral mistake only came out in the proceedings in Singapore. These
defences were not mentioned at all when the defendant applied for the
registration of the default judgment to be set aside in Hong Kong. The fresh
evidence that Mr Chan seeks to adduce on appeal further confirms the weakness
of the allegation that the defendant has made full payment. The fresh evidence
shows that the $15m was paid to the alleged intermediaries from 6 January to
17 April 2012. But the plaintiff’s accounts show that repayment (totalling
$5,571,073, leaving a debt of $8,380,577) began in 24 December 2011, until 6
January 2015. How can the plaintiff have received repayments in December 2011
when the defendant, according to his evidence, only started repaying the
plaintiff in January 2012? Something does not add up — and that is the
credibility of the defendant’s story.

13 For these reasons, I dismiss the defendant’s appeals and the defendant’s
application to adduce further evidence. I will hear the question of costs on
another date.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Shankar s/o Angammah Sevasamy and Qiu Jiehao Ivan (Straits Law Practice LLC)
for the plaintiff  
Chan Ming Onn David, Tan Su Hui, Chng Yan and Lee Ping (Shook Lin & Bok LLP)
for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

