Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

IN THE HIGH COURT OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2018] SGHC 72

Criminal Case No 25 of 2014

Between

Public Prosecutor

And

BDA

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Rape]

* * *

  
  
This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

v

BDA

[2018] SGHC 72

High Court — Criminal Case No 25 of 2014  
Foo Chee Hock JC  
5, 7-8, 19-22 July, 7-9 September 2016, 17, 19-20 January, 8, 10 March, 15
May, 21-22 November 2017; 14 March 2018

28 March 2018

Foo Chee Hock JC:

Introduction

1 This case presented the court with two disturbing questions. First, whether
a mother would falsely accuse her son of raping her. Second, whether a son
would sexually assault his own biological mother. These were finally resolved
essentially through a finding of fact.

2 The accused, BDA (“the Accused”), claimed trial to the following three
charges (“Charges”):

That you, BDA,

[C1] on 4 October 2013, at or about 2.30 a.m., at [address redacted],
Singapore, did use criminal force on [xxx], a female / then 53 years old (DOB:
[xxx]), to wit, by grabbing her right hand with your left hand and forcing her
to hold your penis with her right hand, thereby intending to outrage her
modesty and you have thus committed an offence punishable under Section 354(1)
of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

[C2] on 4 October 2013, at or about 2.30 a.m., at [address redacted],
Singapore, did commit rape of [xxx], a female/ then 53 years old (DOB: [xxx]),
to wit, by penetrating her vagina with your penis without her consent, and you
have thereby committed an offence under Section 375(1)(a) of the Penal Code
(Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) and punishable under Section 375(2) of the same Code.

[C3] on 4 October 2013, at or about 2.30 a.m., at [address redacted],
Singapore, did use criminal force on [xxx], a female / then 53 years old (DOB:
[xxx]), to wit, by kissing and sucking her breasts, thereby intending to
outrage her modesty and in order to commit the offence, you wrongfully
restrained the said [xxx] by pinning her to the bed with your thighs and you
have thus committed an offence punishable under Section 354A(1) of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

3 At the end of the trial, I found that the Prosecution had proved the three
Charges beyond a reasonable doubt. Accordingly, I convicted the Accused of the
Charges and sentenced him to a total term of 16 years’ imprisonment and 18
strokes of the cane. The Accused has appealed against the conviction. I now
provide the reasons for my decision.

4 I start by setting out the essential context. The Accused was 30 years old
and was working as a safety coordinator at the time of the offences. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Transcript, Day 7, p 52.

The complainant is the Accused’s biological mother (“Victim”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 39.

The Accused is the second of three sons from the Victim’s first marriage,
which ended in divorce. He was then residing with the Victim and his step-
father in a one-bedroom apartment at [address redacted], Singapore (“Flat”).

5 The Victim was 53 years old at the time of the offence. She was a housewife
and did not receive any formal education. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 36.

She was then married to her second husband (“Husband”) with whom she had no
children.

6 I shall first outline the main points of the Victim’s evidence as it
received intense scrutiny from the Defence.

Victim’s evidence

7 On 4 October 2013 (the date of the incident), the Accused returned home at
about half past 2.00am. He was drunk. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Transcript, Day 2, p 9.

He removed his clothes and covered himself with a towel. He then approached
the Victim and said, “Mother is pretty. Mother is not like the prostitute”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 49.

8 The Accused sat on the bed the Victim was lying on. The Victim sat up. The
Accused repeated what he said earlier. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 50.

Using his hands, he then placed both of the Victim’s hands around his penis
and proceeded to move them up and down. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 56.

9 Next, the Accused pushed the Victim in her right chest onto the bed. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 56.

He pinned her hands down and pinned his body against hers. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Transcript, Day 1, pp 57–58.

He then inserted his penis into her vagina. She felt pain. She could not move.
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 57; Transcript, Day 2, p 24.

He told her to stick out her tongue, but she turned her face to her right. The
Accused then kissed her neck. He also kissed and sucked her breasts. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Transcript, Day 1, pp 59, 62; Transcript, Day 2, p 7.

He then rocked upwards and downwards for about 30 minutes until he ejaculated.
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Transcript, Day 1, pp 62–63; Transcript, Day 2, pp 7–8.

The Victim pleaded with the Accused to stop but he refused. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Transcript, Day 3, pp 42–43.

10 The Accused then rolled over onto the part of the bed that was on the
Victim’s right side. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 63.

He reinserted his penis into her vagina from behind. This time round, the
penis was not fully inserted. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Transcript, Day 1, pp 63–64; Transcript, Day 2, pp 8–9 and 33.

After this, he got up, went to the toilet and took a shower. That was about
after 4.00am. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Transcript, Day 2, p 37.

The Victim pretended to be asleep while the Accused was in the shower. When
the Accused came back at about 10 minutes before 5.00am, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Transcript, Day 2, p 37.

he masturbated himself. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 64.

The Victim was very frightened during the entire ordeal. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 52.

She was also very worried that the Accused would scold her or worse beat her
up. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Transcript, Day 2, p 35.

She stated that she was afraid of looking at the Accused’s face whenever he
was drunk. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Transcript, Day 2, p 36.

11 The Victim went to have her shower at about 5.00am and started her prayers
at 5.15am. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 66.

After her prayers, sometime before 6.00am, she wanted to leave the house so
that she could “escape … from [her] son”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 67.

The Victim’s daily schedule involved her going to her eldest son’s house to
look after his children. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcript, Day 1, pp 66–67.

12 The Accused asked the Victim why she wanted to leave so early. She replied
that she wanted to have coffee downstairs. The Accused told the Victim that
she was pretty and asked her to leave later. He tried to make her stay by
pulling her over to sit on the bed. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 68.

The Victim left the house anyway. The Accused followed her. She then went to a
coffee shop located near the Flat (“the Coffee Shop”). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 69.

13 After going to the Coffee Shop, the Victim saw that the bus to her eldest
son’s place had arrived at a nearby bus stop, so she ran to the bus stop to
board the bus. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 75.

She stopped three stops before the usual stop for her eldest son’s house, went
to a void deck and called the Accused’s mobile phone. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 76.

She recorded this phone conversation (“Audio Recording”). She had not
consulted or discussed the matter with the other members of her family before
the call. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Transcript, Day 3, p 5.

She recorded the conversation as proof to the police 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Transcript, Day 3, p 3.

and also to her Husband that the rape did happen. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 77.

She felt sad during the conversation and cried. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 77.

14 She then proceeded to her eldest son’s house. There, she called her
youngest son and told him that she was “too embarrassed to live” and that she
“[felt] like [she wanted] to jump down”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 78.

The Victim also informed her daughter-in-law (who was married to her eldest
son and conversed with her in English only 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Transcript, Day 3, p 10.

) (“eldest daughter-in-law”) that “Boy fuck me”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 78.

The Victim, who was wearing a baju kurung, lifted it up to indicate to her
eldest daughter-in-law that the Accused had “played” her. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Transcript, Day 3, p 37.

The eldest daughter-in-law told the Victim to contact her Husband. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 79.

15 The Husband then arrived and brought the Victim to a nearby playground
where her two other sons and eldest daughter-in-law joined them shortly after.
38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Transcript, Day 1, pp 79–81.

16 At about 8.50pm on 4 October 2013, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Transcript, Day 3, p 51; Agreed Bundle, p 29.

the Victim was brought by the police to Singapore General Hospital for a
medical examination. There, she was examined by Dr Tan Wei Ching (“Dr Tan”).

Accused’s defence

17 The Accused’s initial defence at trial was that nothing happened that early
morning and that the Victim and her Husband fabricated the whole exercise to
get rid of the Accused from the Flat. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript, Day 3, pp 52–53; see also P47 to P50.

This was his clear position, until he stated in his examination-in-chief that
on that morning he had lifted up the Victim’s blouse with the intention to
look at her vagina (“Lifting of the blouse”). In the background, were the
Accused’s contemporaneous statement (“P45”) and cautioned statement (“P46”)
recorded on the day of his arrest, 4 October 2013. P45 fleshed out a story of
consensual sexual acts with the Victim and P46 confirmed his position that he
had consensual sex. But at trial, he never pursued the defence of consent.

Trial-within-a-trial

18 The Accused challenged the voluntariness of P45 and P46. He made various
allegations against several Police Officers, namely, DSP Burhanudeen Hussainar
(“DSP Burhan”), Inspector Thinagaran Krishnasamy (“Inspector Thina”) and ASP
Thermizi Thio (“IO Thermizi”). He claimed that he gave these statements as he
was in pain, was helpless and did not wish to receive more beatings. In
addition, the Accused claimed that the contents of P45 and P46 were untrue. In
brief, the Accused alleged the following:

(a) Inspector Thina was present during the statement recording not to assist
but to administer threats, inducements and beatings to the Accused – he was
present for a “sinister purpose” of extracting a confession; 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Transcript, Day 13, pp 5–6.

(b) Inspector Thina slapped the Accused twice on his left ear when he denied
committing rape; 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript, Day 9, p 66; Transcript, Day 10, p 11.

(c) Inspector Thina then pushed the Accused against the wall of the interview
room; 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Transcript, Day 9, p 66.

(d) Inspector Thina slapped the Accused on the back of his head once and on
the back of his neck once; 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript, Day 9, pp 67–68.

and

(e) DSP Burhan threatened the Accused by telling him that he would be beaten
again if he did not cooperate with IO Thermizi. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Transcript, Day 9, p 70.

19 At the end of the ancillary proceedings, I admitted both statements into
evidence. I found that the Accused’s evidence was unreliable, incongruous with
the objective evidence, and incredible at some points. The inconsistencies in
his testimony stood in stark contrast to the testimonies of the Prosecution’s
witnesses, which I found to be objective and truthful. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Transcript, Day 13, pp 42–43.

All the relevant procedures for the taking of the statements were also
complied with.

20 The Accused’s claim that he was subject to assaults was unsupported by
evidence of physical trauma, such as bruising, lacerations or abrasions as
noted by Dr Wong Kia Boon (“Dr Wong”). These were signs that one would
reasonably expect to be manifested if the Accused’s allegations were true.
Significantly, Dr Wong’s medical examinations revealed no signs of trauma or
distress, 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

P43 and P44; Transcript, Day 9, pp 46–47.

and I found it hard to believe that a person, who was allegedly assaulted to
the point of pus “oozing” out of his ear, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Transcript, Day 9, p 68.

would display no apparent sign of distress.

21 I also disbelieved the Accused’s reasons for not reporting the alleged
assaults to Dr Wong during his medical examinations. His claim of perceiving
Dr Wong as being in the same team as the police officers was spurious and
contradicted by his candid disclosure to the doctor about his medical history.
49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript, Day 10, pp 18–19.

As pointed out by the Prosecution, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Prosecution’s Submissions on the Admissibility of Accused’s Statements, para
28.

the Accused’s failure to mention the alleged assaults in his later statements
recorded on 7 and 10 October 2013, ie, “P47” and “P48” respectively, further
discredited his allegations of the assaults. A statement recorded on 27 June
2014, “P49”, mentioned that he “got beaten up” during the statement recording
of P45 and P46 but this only surfaced about eight months later. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript, Day 9, p 74.

22 Indeed, at some points within the trial-within-a-trial, the Accused’s
evidence was falsified in the face of overwhelming objective evidence. For
instance, the Accused’s allegation that IO Thermizi was at the medical
examination conducted by Dr Wong was flatly contradicted by the two escorting
officers 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript, Day 10, pp 68 and 76.

and IO Thermizi himself. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Transcript, Day 10, p 86.

I also found the Accused’s claims of undergoing only one medical examination
similarly discredited, especially in the light of the Prosecution’s witnesses’
corroborated testimonies to the contrary. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript, Day 9, p 50; Transcript, Day 10, p 86.

Similarly, I could not accept the Accused’s evidence that Inspector Thina was
present in the interview room for the “sinister purpose” of extracting a
confession (see [18(a)] above). Inspector Thina’s evidence 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript, Day 9, p 34.

was materially corroborated by DSP Burhan who testified that he had sought
Inspector Thina’s assistance as he knew the Accused was a local Indian and may
have wished to speak in Tamil, which DSP Burhan was not proficient in. DSP
Burhan testified that Inspector Thina was dismissed once DSP Burhan was
comfortable with the Accused’s competency in English. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcript, Day 9, pp 5–6, 12–13.

23 Finally, the Accused did not confess to the offences when P45 and P46 were
recorded, since the statements disclosed consensual sexual acts, and yet the
officers accepted his statements. This flew in the face of the suggestion that
Inspector Thina was present only to extract a confession. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Prosecution’s Submissions on the Admissibility of Accused’s Statements, para
27.

24 For these reasons, I was satisfied that the Prosecution had discharged its
burden of proving the voluntariness of P45 and P46 beyond a reasonable doubt
and admitted them into evidence.

Addressing Defence’s arguments

25 The Defence raised numerous arguments by compiling a catalogue of doubts in
the Prosecution’s case, primarily arguing that the lack of objective evidence
raised reasonable doubts in the Charges. Despite the best efforts of the
Defence, I was convinced that the Victim was telling the truth and found her
testimony to be sufficiently corroborated by the other evidence in the case.
Below, I deal with the Defence’s strongest arguments that attempted to cast
shadows of doubt on the Prosecution’s case.

DNA evidence

26 The Defence argued that the lack of DNA or seminal fluid found on the
Victim’s bed sheet, pillowcases, blouse and in her vagina, as well as the
Accused’s towel and shorts, contradicted the Victim’s account and raised
doubts as to whether there was any sexual intercourse between them. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”), paras 70–96.

The Defence also alleged that there were deficiencies in the investigations in
relation to the collection, submission and analysis of relevant exhibits and
samples which could have yielded DNA evidence.

27 In my judgment, the true issue was whether any reasonable doubt had been
raised in the Prosecution’s case on the totality of the evidence it had put
forward. The lack of DNA evidence was a red herring in this case. First, I
noted that both the Accused and the Victim had showered after the incident, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Transcript, Day 2, pp 37–39; P45, para 2.

thereby reducing the possibility of DNA being collected from them. Second,
this was not a case where it was proved that there was in fact a lack of DNA
evidence, as much as it was a case where the non-collection (and non-
submission) 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript, Day 5, pp 34–37; Prosecution’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”), paras
170–171.

and botched analysis 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Transcript, Day 6, p 6; PCS, para 174.

of relevant exhibits and samples, which could have yielded DNA evidence had
contributed in some way to such evidence appearing to be lacking. In any
event, I noted that two areas of the Victim’s blouse did test positive for the
presence of potential semen stains. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Agreed Bundle, p 15; Transcript, Day 1, p 12.

When they were tested for DNA, the Victim was found to be the major
contributor. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Agreed Bundle, p 17; Transcript, Day 1, p 14.

A minor contributor, whose identity could not be matched, was also detected.
64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Agreed Bundle, p 18, Transcript, Day 1, p 14.

As such, I found that the state of the DNA evidence did not exonerate the
Accused. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

PCS, para 167.

I therefore agreed with the Prosecution that this was at best a neutral factor
66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PCS, para 177.

in the particular circumstances of this case.

Medical evidence

28 The Defence argued that the lack of physical injuries militated against a
finding of sexual assaults. I acknowledged that there were no physical
injuries. However, I was not convinced that this was fatal to the
Prosecution’s case. Dr Tan testified that the absence of injuries on the
Victim did not mean that she had not been sexually assaulted 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Transcript, Day 6, pp 4–5 and 27.

and satisfactorily explained why this could be so. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Transcript, Day 6, p 5.

Separately, the Defence’s own expert, Associate Professor Peter George Manning
(“AP Manning”), conceded that he could not, based on the medical evidence,
conclude “with confidence whether or not sexual intercourse took place between
[the Victim] and the [A]ccused” [emphasis added]. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

D3, para 23; Transcript, Day 14, p 53.

AP Manning’s opinion of the unlikelihood of any occurrence of sexual assault
70

##### Foot Note 70

×

DCS, paras 105–110.

was based on his view that Dr Tan had not documented that the Victim suffered
any tenderness, 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Transcript, Day 14, p 44.

or in his words, the absence of “appropriate documentation”, 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Transcript, Day 14, p 48.

or “documentation that is insufficient”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Transcript, Day 14, p 53.

AP Manning fairly conceded that he would “think twice” about his opinion if
there were some documentation of tenderness. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Transcript, Day 14, p 54.

29 The Defence also took issue with the fact that the Victim had not
verbalised any pain or discomfort to Dr Tan during her medical examination
after the incident. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

DCS, para 99.

I accepted the Victim’s evidence that she was experiencing pain during the
medical examination but did not convey this to Dr Tan. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Transcript, Day 3, p 51.

I also noted that she felt embarrassed during the examination. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Transcript, Day 3, pp 46, 56–57.

This accorded with Dr Tan’s observations of the Victim as being “reticent” and
“rather reserved” during the examination because Dr Tan thought that the
Victim probably felt “very upset and embarrassed” after what had happened. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Transcript, Day 6, p 3.

The Prosecution also suggested, based on the evidence of Dr Tan, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Transcript, Day 6, p 49.

that different victims may have different pain thresholds. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Transcript, 14 March 2018, p 13.

The Accused’s intoxicated state

30 The Defence cited Dr Derrick Yeo Chen Kuan’s (“Dr Yeo”) testimony 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DCS, para 118.

and relied on the intoxicated state of the Accused to say that it was “more
likely than not” that the Accused would have suffered some impairment to his
muscle coordination and balance such that it was “highly improbable” that he
would have been able to carry out the acts as the Victim had claimed. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DCS, para 119.

31 I was not persuaded by this argument for several reasons. First,
considering the materiality of this contention, the Accused did not give
evidence in court to such effect. Indeed, the Accused did not report to Dr Yeo
of having “incoordination or motor problems after his drinking session”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Transcript, Day 15, p 22.

Ironically, it was the Accused’s own admission that he could hold his liquor
very well. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Transcript, Day 7, pp 69–70; see also Transcript, Day 15, pp 21–22.

32 Second, Dr Yeo’s diagnosis was based essentially on the Accused’s self-
reporting. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Transcript, Day 15, p 8.

Dr Yeo also testified that it was difficult to comment on whether a seasoned
drinker would have any or some of the features of acute alcohol intoxication,
86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Transcript, Day 15, p 22.

such as impaired muscle coordination and balance.

33 Third, the Victim’s evidence was that the Accused forced himself on her
even though he was drunk. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Transcript, Day 2, p 30.

Last, the Accused was much younger and stronger than the Victim and I could
not believe that he was prevented from committing the offences because of his
alcohol consumption.

Lack of corroboration by family members

34 The Defence submitted that the Victim’s version of the events was not
corroborated by the evidence provided by the Victim’s family members given
that the precise words in describing the sexual offences were not articulated
and the key aspects of the sexual offences were not disclosed to them. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

DCS, paras 120–132.

35 I found that this was an exercise by the Defence in splitting hairs. As
noted by the amicus, Ms Tan Li Jen (“Ms Tan”), it was typical that victims of
sexual assault would not be able to verbalise every detail of the assaults. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Transcript, Day 17, pp 38–39; see also PCS, paras 79–91 and Amicus Brief
(“P52”), paras 18–20.

In referencing Ms Tan’s expert opinion, I admitted her evidence with respect
to rape myths and on rape victims generally, which I relied upon where
relevant as discussed in this Grounds of Decision. In doing so, I was
cognisant of the recent pronouncement by the Court of Appeal in Public
Prosecutor v Mohd Ariffan bin Mohd Hassan [2018] SGCA 10 (in the context of
adduction of further evidence on appeal) that a psychological expert’s opinion
with respect to the specific victim ought not to be considered where the
expert had not personally interviewed the victim and had an incomplete picture
of the facts (at [98]). Ms Tan likewise had no opportunity to interview the
Victim or her family members and as such I had not relied on her opinion of
this specific Victim in my reasoning.

36 Returning to the issue of corroboration, I found that the Victim would
naturally have felt distressed and embarrassed at having to disclose details
of the offences to her family members. Whilst the Victim gave inconsistent
evidence on the issue of whether she told her family members that she was
raped, 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Transcript, Day 3, pp 19 and 32.

the Victim maintained consistently that she never went into the precise
details with her family members because she was too embarrassed about the
incident. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Transcript, Day 1, pp 80–81; Transcript, Day 3, pp 25–26 and 30–32.

Any expected disclosure 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

DCS, para 131.

must also be seen in the light of the specific victim here, who was a
conservative, religious and illiterate lady in her fifties.

37 Despite the lack of details conveyed by the Victim to her family members,
taking their evidence as a whole, I found that their evidence provided
corroboration of the Victim’s account. All of them unanimously testified that
the Victim was visibly shaken and genuinely distraught when she spoke to them,
just hours after the incident. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Transcript, Day 4, pp 5 and 43–44.

In particular, the eldest daughter-in-law recounted that the Victim was
“crying very badly, like a little girl. I have never seen her crying this
badly”. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

PS16, paras 4 and 6; Transcript, Day 4, p 3.

Further, the eldest daughter-in-law testified that the Victim had said to her
that, “Boy want to fuck me”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Transcript, Day 4, p 8.

The Victim’s utterance of the actual word representing sexual intercourse out
of desperation because the eldest daughter-in-law was not conversant in Malay,
96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Transcript, Day 4, p 5.

answered the Defence’s argument (at [34] above) and indicated that the Accused
had sexual intercourse with the Victim.

No attempt by the Victim to escape

38 The Defence argued that it was “illogical” and “improbable” that the Victim
did not scream or shout for help at various points during the ordeal, and was
willing to just lie and sleep on the bed without attempting to escape even
while the Accused was in the shower. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

DCS, paras 148–160.

39 In my judgment, this assessment failed to recognise that such rational and
logical reactions would only appear with the benefit of hindsight. As noted by
Ms Tan, “passive responses” are quite common amongst rape victims and factors
such as “power disparity” and “perception of threat” may influence a victim’s
responses during the incident. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

P52, paras 9–13.

The Prosecution urged the court to view the Victim’s behaviour and evidence
through a “trauma-informed lens”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

PCS, para 14.

On the present facts, I was prepared to find that the Victim was stunned and
horrified by the entire incident and needed some time to formulate the least
risky course of action. There was no standard “reasonable” yardstick to judge
the responses of rape victims and each case had to be decided on its specific
facts.

40 In the present case, one had to consider the effect of fear on the Victim
and her calculation that reacting and escaping might antagonise the Accused
further. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Transcript, Day 2, pp 34–35.

The Victim also did not try to use her phone to reach the police as she was
afraid of her son. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Transcript, Day 3, pp 40–41.

Notably, the Victim testified, “I love him, but I fear him too.” [emphasis
added]. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Transcript, Day 2, p 19, line 29.

In the circumstances, the Victim only sought to escape at an hour which would
not have raised the Accused’s suspicions to avoid any further repercussions.
The Victim’s behaviour was consistent with my finding that the Victim had a
passive personality. The fact that she left the house one hour earlier (at
6.00am instead of the usual 7.00am) also signified a heightened level of
urgency and need to escape from the Accused.

41 Lastly, the Victim explained that she did not leave the Flat while the
Accused was showering because she needed to perform her ablutions (she wanted
to bathe to cleanse her body) in order to carry out her daily morning prayers.
103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 64; Transcript, Day 3, pp 59–60.

She explained that she would not be able to get out of the house if she had
not showered before. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Transcript, Day 2, p 38.

I accepted this explanation given how important her religion was to her life.
105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 65.

Motive to frame the Accused

42 The Defence attempted to impute possible motives to explain the Victim’s
desire for the Accused to be prosecuted. The Defence disparaged the Victim by
saying that she was “not a loving and compassionate mother”. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

DCS, paras 164–165.

The Accused testified that when he was just 15 years old, the Victim had
turned the Accused away when he sought motherly care and attention from her
(“Past Incident”). 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Transcript, Day 7, pp 63–64.

Based on this, the fact that the Accused was a troublemaker at home by virtue
of his drug and alcohol consumption, and the claim that there was bad blood
between the Accused and the Husband, the Defence asserted that the Victim had
fabricated the rape as she could not tolerate the Accused’s behaviour anymore,
and her evidence to the police was thus a ruse to chase him out of the Flat.
108

##### Foot Note 108

×

DCS, paras 217–228.

43 I agreed with the Prosecution that the Past Incident was not put to the
Victim during her testimony in accordance with the rule in Browne v Dunn
(1893) 6 R 67 (“Browne v Dunn”). Instead, it was only volunteered by the
Accused in his examination-in-chief. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

PCS, para 208.

In any event, reliance on the Past Incident as evidence of motive was wholly
insufficient.

44 As for the Defence’s argument that the Victim had fabricated the rape to
chase the Accused out of the Flat, I found that this was an unreal proposition
– it would have been wholly disproportionate for a biological mother to accuse
her own son of rape just to achieve that purpose. Whilst mother and son may
have their quarrels, I did not see anything that would impel the Victim to
undertake such a drastic and devious course of action. In fact, on 3 October
2013, both of them had gone out together to meet the Husband and their
relationship appeared normal and cordial. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Transcript, Day 7, p 69.

The Accused had also been consistently paying rent on a monthly basis of at
least $300. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Transcript, Day 7, p 66.

The argument that the Victim had fabricated the rape also underestimated how
embarrassing it would be for the Victim to express such allegations and follow
through with the charade. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

PCS, para 147.

If the Victim wished the Accused to leave her Flat, she or her Husband 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Transcript, Day 4, p 27.

could have reported the Accused to the authorities for consuming drugs or
simply turned to her family members to convince him to leave, instead of going
down a path where she would have to keep up the lie for as long as the
investigations took, undergo stressful and embarrassing investigations,
invasive medical procedures and court proceedings. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

PCS, para 147.

Most pertinently, by the time the Audio Recording was made, the Accused had
already informed the Victim that he was willing to leave the Flat. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Audio Recording (“P36”) at 03.40.

He did not appear to resist the idea of leaving the Flat. Given the above,
there was to my mind no extant reason for the Victim to continue (based on the
Defence’s argument) to allege that the Accused had sexually assaulted her.

45 To round up on all the Defence’s arguments above, if there were unusual
features in relation to timings, lapses of memories and aspects of the
Victim’s behaviour, I noted as a general observation that this was an unusual
case to begin with. While the Defence left no stone unturned, highlighting
every conceivable shortcoming, in challenging the Prosecution’s case, it must
be reiterated that the Defence’s mainstay was to establish the fact that the
offences never took place – the Accused’s case was that nothing happened save
for the Lifting of the blouse. This defence was positively and thoroughly
debunked when the totality of the evidence weighed in, including specifically
the following.

Incriminating evidence against the Accused

46 In my judgment, I found that there was more than sufficient corroboration
as well as evidence to support a conviction on the Charges based, inter alia,
on the following:

(a) the Audio Recording;

(b) the Accused’s statements made on the day of the incident (P45 and P46);
and

(c) my finding that the Accused was not a witness of truth.

47 These interlocking and mutually reinforcing points led to an irrefutable
inference and finding of guilt. Not one of the Defence’s arguments was able to
cast any doubt on the Accused’s guilt.

Audio Recording

48 The most damning piece of evidence, which also corroborated the Victim’s
evidence, was none other than the Audio Recording. This was a contemporaneous
recording of the telephone conversation (undisputed by the Accused) 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Transcript, Day 8, pp 19–20.

between the Victim and the Accused on the morning following the incident. As
explained by the Victim (see [13] above), after parting from the Accused and
alighting from the bus three bus stops before her usual bus stop, she headed
to a void deck and called the Accused on one of her mobile phones, and then
used another mobile phone to record this conversation. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 76–77.

49 The Victim’s explanation as to why she had recorded the conversation was
simply the fear that “no one would believe [her]” if she had said that her son
had raped her. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 77.

In my view, this need to gather proof was intensified in the Victim because of
her age and relationship to the Accused. The embarrassment and shame for
someone in her position could not be understated.

50 There was no doubt to my mind that the Audio Recording was highly probative
of the Accused’s guilt.

51 First, the Accused had never rebutted the Victim each time references were
made by her to the specific incident that morning. The Defence emphasised that
the Victim did not expressly use the precise word “rape” but instead used the
word “kacau” (which translated to mean “disturb” in Malay) in describing the
incident, and therefore the Accused had not confessed to the sexual assaults.
119

##### Foot Note 119

×

DCS, paras 204 and 208.

However, a careful examination of the actual contents of the Audio Recording
demonstrated that this argument was flawed.

52 The Victim’s own descriptions strongly pointed to rape and acts which were
forced upon her, as follows [emphasis added]:

(a) “Why did you come and disturb me”; 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

P36 at 00.40.

(b) “Why you force me”; 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

P36 at 03.58.

and

(c) “With me you want to sleep like this”. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

P36 at 05.31.

53 Other statements plainly manifested that the acts involved were of an
amorous and sexual nature [emphasis added]:

(a) “I love you as my son. You love me in a different way.” The Accused,
instead of denying this disturbing statement, simply said, “now you want the
whole world to know”. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

P36 at 02.16.

(b) “Why? There are a lot of women there you came to me and you disturb me.
Why?” 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

P36 at 02.51.

(c) “I cannot, I have a husband”. The Accused responded by saying, “You
divorce him first”. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

P36 at 01.39 to 01.43.

(d) “My [H]usband do me like this, you do this to me”. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

P36 at 02.05.

(e) “You are my son, you know, not my boyfriend. You are my son”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

P36 at 03.09.

(f) “[I] remember everything Mother. I didn’t forget. I remember … I like, I
want again”. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

P36 at 00.33.

Given these statements, I found that the use of the word “kacau” instead of
“rape” did not blunt the probative force of the Audio Recording. The Defence’s
arguments premised on the possible literal meanings of “kacau” 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

DCS, paras 191–207; Transcript, 14 March 2018, pp 7–8.

were entirely artificial. Moreover, at trial, the Victim was plainly
uncomfortable with using explicit language, especially when pressed to
describe the incident in detail. Hence, the fact that she did not use the
precise word “rape” in the Audio Recording was consistent with this.

54 Second, I found that there was palpable emotional distress in the Victim’s
voice on the phone which confirmed that she was very emotionally distraught by
what had happened to her in the morning. She was struggling with her feelings
even as she was trying to find the words. This level of distress was also
observed by the family members whom the Victim had approached after the
incident. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Transcript, Day 1, pp 79–81; Transcript, Day 4, pp 5, 45 and 57.

The Defence’s argument that the Audio Recording was a calculated tactic by the
Victim to concoct proof of an alleged rape implied a vengeful and
sophisticated lady who would have planned this meticulously down to the tee
and executed this with first class acting in the Audio Recording, in front of
her family members, and in court. I found that the Victim, who appeared to be
obviously still struggling with the trauma of the incident, was incapable of
such a level of cunning or textured behaviour, all of which (the Defence
argued) was to achieve the goal of ensuring that the Accused would leave the
Flat.

55 Third, the Accused sought to explain away the Audio Recording by arguing
that the conversation was mainly about the Lifting of the blouse. Notably,
such an important plank of his defence was never raised in P45 and P46, the
statements taken on the day of his arrest. After listening to the Audio
Recording, which was played in court in full on four separate occasions, 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Transcript, Day 1, p 85; Transcript, Day 4, pp 46 and 57; Transcript, Day 5, p
4.

the Accused must have heard the Victim mention a past occasion concerning
pulling up her skirt. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

P36 at 0.40 and 00.51.

The Accused also realised that his initial defence that “nothing happened that
morning” was hopeless. He had to come up with some incident that could explain
away what happened in the morning that:

(a) was not denied by the Accused;

(b) both the Victim and the Accused were aware of;

(c) caused the Victim tremendous distress; and

(d) was shameful when broadcasted to the world.

In fact, it was obvious that this was the first time he adopted this position.
He even took his own counsel by surprise given that the Lifting of the blouse
was never put to the Victim; all that was put to the Victim was that nothing
happened that night. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Transcript, Day 3, pp 52–53.

I thus agreed with the Prosecution that this was all a belated afterthought.
134

##### Foot Note 134

×

PCS, para 131.

56 The Defence’s argument that the Accused had mentioned the Lifting of the
blouse earlier in the Audio Recording was totally off the mark and a non
sequitur. In my judgment, I found that the Victim’s reference to the pulling
up of the skirt in the Audio Recording was only made as a prelude to what she
really wanted to confront the Accused about – which were the sexual assaults
that had happened that early morning.

57 Further, the contents of the Audio Recording (as stated at [52(b)] and
[52(c)] above) which referred to forcing the Victim and sleeping with the
Victim, firmly put paid to any suggestion that the conversation was about the
Lifting of the blouse.

58 The Accused was also exceptionally concerned about what his mother would
tell other people about the incident. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

P36 at 04.58

I found that his concern was unduly disproportionate if all he had done was
the Lifting of the blouse.

59 I also agreed with the Prosecution’s arguments that the explanations
provided by the Accused to the Audio Recording were not exculpatory and were
in fact incredible: 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

PCS, para 124.

(a) The Accused explained that his comment “I like, I want again” in the Audio
Recording 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

P36 at 00.33.

was a “sarcastic” remark in relation to having cursed the Victim at the Coffee
Shop. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Transcript, Day 8, pp 24–27; DCS, paras 190 and 192.

This explanation was a fabrication and clearly contradicted by the entire
context of the conversation. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

P36 at 00.40 and 01.32.

(b) The Accused initially claimed that the Victim was describing emotional,
non-bodily pain in their conversation. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

P36 at 01.21 and 01.28; Transcript, Day 8, pp 28–29.

However, he later admitted that the word “sakit” in the Audio Recording
referred to physical pain. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Transcript, Day 8, p 29.

(c) The Accused explained that he did not make a denial when the Victim
accused him of “sleeping” with her because he wanted to confront her in
person. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Transcript, Day 8, p 46.

However, this was contradicted by the subsequent exchange of words between
them, in particular, where he inexplicably expressed “I am the one who should
be embarrassed not you [ie, the Victim]”. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

P36 at 05.43 to 06.05.

The Accused’s Statements

60 Apart from the Audio Recording, the Victim’s evidence and the Accused’s
accounts detailed in P45 and P46 were consistent (save for the issue of
consent) in the relevant aspects, and confirmed the specific acts of
masturbation, kissing, sucking of breasts and sexual intercourse. The uncanny
similarities led to the inference that far from his claim that nothing had
occurred, the Accused was narrating in his statements what had transpired that
morning (leaving aside the issue of consent).

61 The Accused said that he fabricated the account in P45 based on a
pornographic show he had watched: “the porn style version”. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Transcript, Day 13, p 50.

However, I found that this was patently untruthful, as it assumed the
ludicrous coincidence that the Victim had also watched the same pornographic
show. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

PCS, para 137.

62 I also accepted DSP Burhan’s unchallenged evidence that during his
interview with the Accused on 4 October 2013 – before the recording of P45 –
the Accused had stated that “he wanted to apologise to [his] mother”. In
particular, DSP Burhan testified that the Accused “was quite insistent on
meeting [his] mother to apologise. He wanted to even kiss her feet.” 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Transcript, Day 9, pp 9–11.

The Accused was not a witness of truth

63 In my judgment, the Accused gave patently untruthful evidence on several
aspects of the facts in issue both at trial and the ancillary proceedings.
Some lies were outright and outrageous. At certain points his attempts at
covering up were also blundering and transparent. As I had expatiated, a clear
example was his abrupt claim, after asserting nothing had happened, that
(only) the Lifting of the blouse had occurred that morning (see [55] above).
This was one of the Accused’s three contradictory accounts of what had
occurred on the day of the incident (see [17] above). Another instance was his
explanation that parts of the Audio Recording related to the altercation with
the Victim at the Coffee Shop (see [59(a)] above). A further example would be
the Accused’s blatant lies regarding the number of medical examinations
conducted by Dr Wong, the presence of the police officers and the alleged
assaults in his effort to get out of his statements in P45 and P46.

64 In a desperate attempt to buttress his defence, the Accused even gave
evidence that the Victim had smiled at him moments after the incident. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Transcript, Day 8, pp 49–50.

However, the CCTV footage did not shore this up.

65 The Defence’s main response to these lies was that the Victim had also lied
(summarised at Section 4 of the Defence’s Chart tendered to the court). 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Transcript, 14 March 2018, p 8.

The Prosecution had provided reasoned answers to explain why several of these
allegations were neither lies nor constituted material inconsistencies. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

PCS, paras 57–60.

In any case, even if there were discrepancies, they were either not material
or did not affect my assessment of the Victim’s credibility as an honest
witness. For instance, the Defence harped on the fact that the Victim had
testified that she had only three children when she in fact had four. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Transcript, 14 March 2018, p 8.

This was easily explicable because one of her children had passed on long
before the trial 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Transcript, Day 2, pp 12–13.

and her mind could have been focused on the children who were alive. Further,
the Victim’s version of events was sufficiently corroborated by her family
members, the Audio Recording and the Accused’s statements in P45 and P46 (save
for the issue of consent).

66 For the foregoing reasons, I found the Accused guilty and convicted him on
the Charges.

Appropriate sentence

67 For the offence of rape in C2, following the guidelines set by the Court of
Appeal in Ng Kean Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 (“Terence
Ng”) at [73], I found that the present case fell within Band 2 of the
sentencing bands. Of the offence-specific aggravating factors highlighted by
the Prosecution (breach of trust, severe harm to the Victim and deliberate
infliction of special trauma by the Accused), 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Transcript, 14 March 2018, pp 33–36.

I found that two factors were present in this case: (1) breach of trust by the
Accused vis-à-vis his own mother and (2) harm caused to the Victim (Terence Ng
at [44]). The first offence-specific aggravating factor of breach of trust was
not disputed by the Defence. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Transcript, 14 March 2018, p 44.

68 A related factor was that this case would and did shock the conscience of
the community, raising the issue of public disquiet. The very offences against
his own biological mother boggled the mind. As the Prosecution put it: “We
could label it as depraved, unfathomable, unthinkable. But for all the
vastness of the English language, there [was] simply no word that [came] even
remotely close to capturing the horror that would have no doubt washed over
the [V]ictim as she was cruelly and relentlessly sexually assaulted by the
very son she gave life to 30 year[s] earlier.” 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Transcript, 14 March 2018, p 28.

69 Coming back to the breach of trust, the Accused was supposed to look after
his mother as there was no one in the Flat when the Husband left for work in
the early morning but yet aided by Dutch courage, he had succumbed to his
depraved desires and sexually assaulted the Victim in the sanctity of her own
home.

70 In respect of the second offence-specific factor of harm caused to the
Victim, the Defence took issue with the absence of long-term harm suffered by
the Victim. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Transcript, 14 March 2018, pp 44–45.

In my judgment, there was no such requirement. As stated by the Court of
Appeal in Terence Ng, what mattered was whether there was any serious physical
harm or mental effects suffered by the victim and a psychiatric illness would
be one such example (at [44h]). In the present case, the IMH psychiatrist had
found that the Victim was suffering from “Acute Stress Disorder precipitated
by the sexual assault incident on 4 October 2013” [emphasis added; emphasis in
original omitted]. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Agreed Bundle, p 33, para 12.

The psychological harm caused to the Victim was patent and she would have to
live with the trauma and shame.

71 However, contrary to the Prosecution’s submission, I was not convinced that
the third offence-specific factor (deliberate infliction of special trauma)
was made out. There was no evidence of the Accused’s intention to inflict any
such trauma on the Victim (Terence Ng at [44i]) apart from what had been
mentioned under the factor of “severe harm”.

72 Since there were at least two offence-specific aggravating factors for the
offence in C2, this fell within Band 2 of the sentencing bands and required a
sentence in the range of 13 to 17 years’ imprisonment with 12 strokes of the
cane (Terence Ng at [53]–[56]). Taking into account the gravity of the
mentioned aggravating factors, I found a sentence of 14 years’ imprisonment
and 12 strokes of the cane to be the indicative starting point for the
offence.

73 At the second stage of the inquiry, the Prosecution emphasised the
offender-specific aggravating factor of evident lack of remorse – manifested
in the unfounded allegations launched by the Defence at the Victim throughout
the trial. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Transcript, 14 March 2018, pp 37–38.

As per Terence Ng (at [64(c)]), I agreed with the Prosecution that there was
evident lack of remorse by the Accused. During the trial, the Accused had
portrayed the Victim as a whore and tried to cast aspersions on her morality
and character, both as a mother and a woman. The Defence suggested that she
had affairs with other men 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Transcript, Day 2, p 13; Transcript, Day 4, pp 30–31.

and attacked her character by pointing out irrelevantly that her son in India
was illegitimate. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Transcript, Day 2, p 13; Transcript, 14 March 2018, p 37.

The Accused also personally maligned the Victim by relying on the Past
Incident (see [42] above). He elaborated and claimed to have visited her once
as a teenager looking for motherly attention, only to be given $2 and turned
away by the Victim who appeared at the door dressed only in her brassiere. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Transcript, Day 7, pp 63–64.

As mentioned, the Past Incident was never put to the Victim. The Defence had
also made the “outrageous submission” 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Transcript, 14 March 2018, p 37.

that the Victim “could have easily avoided [the Accused’s penetration of his
penis into her vagina] by not parting her legs”. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

DCS, paras 139–140.

As the Prosecution pointed out, this submission was bizarrely based on the
“antediluvian notion that a woman [could] resist a rapist if she really
want[ed] to”. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Transcript, 14 March 2018, p 37.

Lastly, the Defence also alleged various heinous motives on the part of the
Victim that disparaged her character. These factors demonstrated that this was
one of the worst cases of lack of remorse. The trial further humiliated the
Victim and impeded any progress for her recovery. There were also no relevant
mitigating factors in the Accused’s favour – he was not a first-time offender
as he had antecedents for, inter alia, housebreaking and robbery. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Criminal Records (Exhibit “E”).

Weighing these factors, I found a sentence of 15 years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane apposite for C2.

74 For C1, which involved the Accused outraging the Victim’s modesty, for
reasons similar to C2 and for the additional offence-specific aggravating
factor of high degree of sexual exploitation (placing the Victim’s “hands onto
[the Accused’s] bare, exposed penis”), 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Transcript, 14 March 2018, pp 39–40.

this would also fall within Band 2, leading to a starting point of five to 15
months’ imprisonment (Kunasekaran s/o Kalimuthu Somasundara v Public
Prosecutor [2018] SGHC 09 at [49]). In my judgment, taking into account both
the offence-specific and offender-specific factors, a sentence between the
mid-point and the high end of the Band, of one year’s imprisonment for C1 was
justified. Whilst the Prosecution additionally submitted for one stroke of the
cane for C1, 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Transcript, 14 March 2018, p 40.

I did not impose any caning in view of my decision on sentence for C2 and C3.

75 For C3, which involved aggravated outrage of modesty, the mandatory minimum
sentence was two years’ imprisonment with mandatory caning under s 354A(1) of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”). Before me, unlike the
earlier two offences, there were no applicable sentencing guidelines for this
offence and as such the Prosecution invited me to set out new guidelines, 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Transcript, 14 March 2018, p 46.

based on an extrapolation of the sentencing framework laid out in GBR v Public
Prosecutor [2017] SGHC 296 (“GBR”). The Defence had no issue with the proposed
guidelines. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Transcript, 14 March 2018, p 46.

76 In GBR, See Kee Oon J transposed the sentencing framework from Terence Ng
to offences under s 354(2) of the Penal Code (outrage of modesty of a minor
under 14 years old), which had a maximum imprisonment term of five years with
no mandatory caning (at [26]–[27]). See J’s proposed bands were as follows:

(a) Band 1: less than one year’s imprisonment;

(b) Band 2: one to three years’ imprisonment; and

(c) Band 3: three to five years’ imprisonment.

77 Based on this approach, the Prosecution proposed the following guidelines
for offences under s 354A(1) of the Penal Code:

(a) Band 1: two to four years’ imprisonment, three strokes;

(b) Band 2: four to seven years’ imprisonment, six strokes; and

(c) Band 3: seven to 10 years’ imprisonment, 12 strokes.

I found these guidelines to be appropriate given that they cohered with the
sentencing guidelines that have been laid down for other sexual offences and
promoted a measure of consistency in this area. They would also enable the
utilisation of the full range of the possible sentences to avoid “a clustering
of sentencing outcomes” (Terence Ng at [14]; GBR at [26]), which had indeed
happened with 30 months’ imprisonment as the typical sentence for an offence
under s 354A(1) of the Penal Code. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Transcript, 14 March 2018, pp 46 and 57.

78 Applying this framework, for reasons similar to C1, this case would fall
within Band 2 and a sentence of five years’ imprisonment and six strokes of
the cane was justified for C3. Whilst I was mindful of See J’s observation in
GBR, that the higher end of the Band 2 framework for a s 354(2) offence was
apt for skin-to-skin contact (at [34]), taking into account the strong case
for prospective overruling (see Public Prosecutor v Hue An Li [2014] 4 SLR 661
at [126]–[131]), I declined to impose a sentence in the range of six years’
imprisonment for C3 because it would have been significantly higher than the
typical cluster of 30 months’ imprisonment that had erstwhile existed for this
offence.

79 Under s 307(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed), two of
the imprisonment terms in the present case had to run consecutively. In line
with the totality principle and the one-transaction rule (see Mohamed Shouffee
bin Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998 at [27]–[82]) and as was common
ground for both parties, 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Transcript, 14 March 2018, pp 40 and 48.

I decided to run the imprisonment terms for C1 and C2 consecutively with
effect from 4 October 2013, the date on which the accused was remanded. I
ordered the imprisonment term for C3 to run concurrently with the other two
imprisonment terms in C1 and C2. This resulted in the global sentence of 16
years’ imprisonment and 18 strokes of the cane.

Foo Chee Hock

Judicial Commissioner

Sellakumaran s/o Sellamuthoo, Sharmila Sripathy-Shanaz and Sruthi Boppana
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;  
Harry Elias SC, Lem Jit Min Andy, Lin Chunlong and Tan Yong Seng Nicklaus
(Eversheds Harry Elias LLP) for the Accused.  

___________________________________

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

