Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 179

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9103 of 2018

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Thompson, Matthew  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Appeals]

* * *

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Thompson, Matthew

[2018] SGHC 179

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9103/2018/01  
See Kee Oon J  
11 July 2018

16 August 2018

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 This is the prosecution’s appeal against sentence in respect of one charge
of outraging the modesty of an air stewardess (“the victim”) during the course
of her duty during a flight. The respondent is a 47-year-old Australian male
national. He was a passenger on board a Singapore-registered “Scoot” flight
from Sydney to Singapore in September 2017. He was convicted after trial on
two charges under s 354(1) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) read with
s 3(1) of the Tokyo Convention Act (Cap 327, 1985 Rev Ed) (“TCA”). The
respondent was sentenced to four months’ imprisonment for the first charge and
one month’s imprisonment for the second charge, with the imprisonment terms
for the two charges ordered to run concurrently.

2 The appeal pertained only to the sentence for the first charge. The
prosecution argued that the District Judge erred in his application of the
sentencing framework for s 354(1) Penal Code offences set out by the High
Court in Kunasekaran s/o Kalimuthu Somasundara v Public Prosecutor [2018] SGHC
9 (“Kunasekaran”). The Prosecution submitted that having regard to the
Kunasekaran framework, a sentence of at least nine months’ imprisonment should
have been ordered.

3 I allowed the prosecution’s appeal in part and increased the sentence to six
months’ imprisonment. I now set out my reasons.

Facts

4 The respondent was convicted of two charges under s 354(1) of the Penal Code
read with s 3(1) TCA. The first charge was in respect of the respondent using
his left hand to touch the victim at her right hip, over her stomach until her
lower breast in one motion, knowing it to be likely that he would thereby
outrage the modesty of the victim. The respondent was convicted on this charge
and sentenced to four months’ imprisonment. The second charge was in respect
of the respondent using his left hand to touch the victim at her right hip and
over her stomach in one motion, knowing it to be likely that he would thereby
outrage the modesty of the victim. The respondent was convicted on this charge
and sentenced to one month’s imprisonment.

5 The detailed facts are set out in District Judge’s Grounds of Decision in
Public Prosecutor v Thompson Matthew [2018] SGMC 22 (“GD”). I set out only the
essential facts relevant to this appeal. The respondent was travelling on
board a Singapore-registered “Scoot” flight from Sydney to Singapore in
September last year. The victim was a cabin crew member on that flight.

6 Roughly four hours into the flight, the victim commenced the second service.
She was pushing the food and beverage cart from the front of the aircraft
towards the back of the aircraft, when she noticed that the respondent was
awake. She stopped close to the respondent’s seat, 25D, to take an order from
another passenger. Seat 25D is an aisle seat. While the victim was keying in
the passenger’s purchase into a point-of-sale electronic device, the
respondent used his left palm to touch her right hip, stomach and lower left
breast in one motion. The Victim pushed the respondent’s hand away, and asked
him if he was okay. The respondent did not respond and merely stared blankly
at her. The respondent then reached out a second time and used his left palm
to touch the Victim’s right hip and stomach in one motion. As the respondent’s
hand was travelling towards the victim’s left breast, she pushed his hand
away.

7 After the respondent touched the victim the second time, she immediately
stopped the service and pushed the food and beverage cart to the back of the
aircraft. She told a fellow crew member to immediately stop serving alcoholic
beverages to the respondent. The crew member asked the victim why, but she did
not reply. She then went to a toilet and cried out of fear. After coming out
of the toilet, she confided in a crew member. The crew members notified the
authorities. The respondent was escorted off the aircraft by the authorities
upon the aircraft’s arrival in Singapore.

Arguments Below

8 The respondent did not appeal against his conviction. The District Judge’s
findings of fact were therefore not in dispute. The prosecution also did not
appeal against the sentence of one month’s imprisonment on the second charge.
On appeal, the focus was solely on the sentence in respect of the first
charge.

9 Before the District Judge, the prosecution sought a sentence of at least six
months’ imprisonment in respect of the first charge. The prosecution submitted
that the sentencing framework in Kunasekaran applied. On the first step of
that framework, the prosecution submitted that the offending act which was the
subject matter of the first charge fell within the lower end of Band 2 of the
Kunasekaran framework. This was because of the offence-specific factors
present, namely the offence being committed against the victim in the course
of her work as a public transport worker, and the fact that there was an
intrusion upon the Victim’s private parts, ie, her lower left breast. The
prosecution also emphasised that deterrence was the primary sentencing
consideration as the courts should send a clear message that all acts of
criminal violence against public transport workers will not be tolerated. It
was also important to take into account the fact that the victim suffered
psychological harm.

10 On the second step of the Kunasekaran framework, the prosecution submitted
that there were no mitigating factors in the respondent’s favour. The absence
of previous antecedents was merely a neutral factor. The respondent had not
pleaded guilty, but instead had claimed trial, and thus no discount in
sentence could be given for a plea of guilt that demonstrates genuine remorse
and saves state resources. Further, no mitigating value could be accorded to
the respondent’s public service and professional standing, because whatever
mitigating value that might be attributed to these factors was outweighed by
the need for general deterrence.

11 In contrast, the respondent sought a substantial fine, or at most a short
term of imprisonment. The respondent argued that the touch to the victim’s
lower left breast was fleeting, and emphasised that there was no skin-to-skin
contact between the respondent and the victim. The respondent also did not
pursue the victim with the intent of outraging her modesty, did not use force
or violence on her, and did not cause physical hurt to her.

12 The respondent also cited the following as offender-specific mitigating
factors: his character references attested to his good character and he had no
criminal record either in Singapore or Australia; he had served in public
service as a veterinary surgeon with a department of the federal government;
he had passionate political aspirations which would be extinguished by a
conviction; he faced the prospect of disciplinary proceedings and
disqualification by the professional body he was a member of; and he had
undergone a long period of separation from his family, in particular his young
children, due to the prohibition on him leaving the jurisdiction.

Decision Below

13 The District Judge applied the Kunasekaran framework to this case. In
respect of the first charge, he found that the respondent had used his left
hand to touch the victim at her right hip, over her stomach, and up to her
lower left breast in one motion: GD at [70]. The touch was made over her
uniform, only slight pressure was applied, and the touch was brief: at [70].
He also found that there was (i) no premeditation; (ii) no use of force or
violence; (iii) no abuse of trust; (iv) no use of deception; (v) no other
aggravating acts accompanying the outrage of modesty; and (vi) no disruption
to the orderliness of the aircraft cabin, the comfort of other passengers, or
threat to the safety of the aircraft, its crew, or other passengers: at [73].
The District Judge noted, however, that the victim was carrying out her duties
as a public transport worker when she became the victim of these offences. He
therefore considered that general deterrence assumed a special significance
and relevance to sentencing: at [68]. The District Judge also noted that
although the victim did not suffer any physical harm, she suffered
psychological harm. She cried after the offending acts, and although she
continued to work as an air stewardess after this incident, she asked to be
redeployed to non-Australian routes where it is less likely that she will
encounter male Caucasian passengers: at [73].

14 These findings led the District Judge to conclude that the offending act,
which was the subject of the first charge, fell within Band 2 of the
Kunasekaran framework. The absence of aggravating factors other than the
victim being a public transport worker also led him to find that the offence
fell within the lowest end of Band 2: at [74].

15 The District Judge considered the sentencing precedents placed before him
by the prosecution and the respondent. He largely distinguished those
precedents, finding that the precedents were either dated, or had limited
precedential value in light of the sentencing framework adopted in
Kunasekaran: at [88]. He also distinguished the precedents on the basis that
the offenders in the precedents had abused a position of trust, or had
repeated the offending acts, or had engaged in a greater degree of physical
contact: at [88].

16 This analysis led the District Judge to determine that five months’
imprisonment was the appropriate starting point: at [89]. He then took into
account various mitigating factors, including the fact that the respondent had
a clean record, held a respectable job in the public service, and had good
character references, which supported a greater likelihood of reform and a
lower probability of re-offending. The District Judge also took into account
in sentencing the fact that the respondent had been unable to return to
Australia for six months, during which time he had no source of income.

17 The District Judge ultimately decided that a sentence of four months’
imprisonment would be appropriate in respect of the first charge.

Appellant’s Case / Respondent’s Case

18 On appeal, the prosecution sought a sentence of at least nine months’
imprisonment in respect of the first charge. The prosecution submitted that
the District Judge wrongly applied the Kunasekaran framework. Although the
District Judge correctly identified the offending act as falling within Band 2
of the framework, he wrongly held that the act fell within the lowest end of
the sentencing range. The District Judge failed to take into account important
offence-specific factors, such as (i) the duration of physical contact, which
was not fleeting but lasted for about 10 seconds; (ii) the fact that the
victim was vulnerable in her capacity as a public transport worker and (iii)
the high degree of psychological harm suffered by the victim. These factors
should have led the District Judge to place the offending act in the middle of
the Band 2 sentencing range as a starting point.

19 The prosecution also submitted that the District Judge wrongly accorded
mitigating value to various factors, when in truth they were at most neutral
factors. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

PP’s submissions at para 22(b), and paras 66 onwards (Part D).

The prosecution submitted that an absence of antecedents was not necessarily
positive evidence of good character, and the respondent’s clean record
therefore was not a mitigating factor. Similarly, the respondent’s respectable
occupation in the Australian public service could not be given mitigating
value, as whatever mitigating value might be attributed to it was displaced by
the need for general deterrence. Further, the fact that the respondent was
required to stay in Singapore, and thus suffered separation from his family
and loss of income, was not a mitigating factor. Hardship to the family by way
of financial loss or other family circumstances is of little weight unless it
is exceptional. Finally, the District Judge also erred in his consideration of
the sentencing precedents. To be consistent with the precedents, the
prosecution submitted that a sentence of at least nine months’ imprisonment
ought to have been ordered.

20 The respondent submitted that the sentence of four months’ imprisonment
ordered by the District Judge was only two months short of what the
prosecution initially sought below, and this difference did not make the
sentence manifestly inadequate. The respondent agreed with the prosecution
that the relevant sentencing framework is that set out in Kunasekaran. But the
District Judge erred in applying that framework because the offending act
should have been classified under Band 1 of the framework. The respondent
highlighted that the contact with the lower part of the victim’s left breast
was fleeting, with only a brush past the breast. There was no skin-on-skin
contact. There were also no other offence-specific aggravating factors, other
than the victim being a public transport worker.

21 The respondent stressed that there were several mitigating factors. The
respondent emphasised the hardship he had suffered from being separated from
his young children and aged parents for the past ten months. The respondent
also highlighted the severe repercussions to his professional standing and the
high likelihood of losing his job. All these factors, the respondent
maintained, were sufficient to serve the aims of specific deterrence. His
“career-destroying family-destroying experience” and the dire consequences
that ensued would also suffice to send a strong message of general deterrence.

22 Finally, the respondent also distinguished the sentencing precedents cited
by the prosecution, on the basis that all of those precedents involved
offenders who engaged in a far greater degree of physical contact, or
displayed other aggravating factors such as intoxication or abuse of authority
which were not present here.

Young Amicus Curiae’s submissions

23 Considering that the facts of this case raised two interesting legal
questions, Mr Devathas Satianathan was appointed as Young Amicus Curiae to
assist the court. The first question is whether sentencing for an offence
should be approached differently when the offence is committed on board an
aircraft. The second question is whether, and if so, how, should the
sentencing framework in Kunesekaran apply when the offence is committed on
board an aircraft.

24 In summary, Mr Satianathan submitted that there was no need for a new
sentencing framework simply because an offence was committed on board an
aircraft. As far as s 354(1) Penal Code offences specifically were concerned,
the fact that the offence was committed on board an aircraft could be taken
into account in the Kunasekaran framework as offence-specific and offender-
specific aggravating factors. I set out his submissions and consider them in
greater detail below.

Issues before this Court

25 The issues on appeal were as follows:

(a) Whether the court should approach sentencing differently when an offence
is committed on board an aircraft?

(b) How should the court take into account the fact that an offence was
committed on board an aircraft in sentencing for a s 354(1) Penal Code
offence?

(c) If the Kunasekaran framework is applicable, did the District Judge err in
his application of the framework?

(d) If so, what is the appropriate sentence in respect of the first charge?

Sentencing when an offence is committed on board an aircraft

26 This first question broadly asks whether there is anything unusual or
different about an offence being committed on board an aircraft that warrants
a different approach in sentencing. Mr Satianathan analysed this question as
involving two queries. First, whether the starting points, ie, benchmarks, for
sentencing should differ. Second, whether the various factors to consider,
including offence-specific and offender-specific factors, should differ.

27 On the first query, Mr Satianathan submitted that the courts must
distinguish between offences for which commission on board an aircraft was
integral to the charge, as compared to offences for which commission on board
an aircraft was merely incidental to the charge. Within the former category
would fall offences that involve some form of threat to the safety of aircraft
passengers, such as offences under the Air Navigation Act (Cap 6, 2014 Rev
Ed). Within the latter category would fall offences where the fact of the
offence being committed on board an aircraft was simply part of the factual
background, or was only necessary to establish jurisdiction, as with s 3(1)
TCA which gives the Singapore courts jurisdiction to try offences committed on
board Singapore-controlled aircraft flying outside the territory of Singapore.
Mr Satianathan submitted that the “integral-incidental” model should be seen
as a spectrum along which offences were placed, and not as a strict binary
divide.

28 Mr Satianathan argued that courts should devise new sentencing frameworks
for offences committed on board an aircraft only where the fact of the offence
being committed on board an aircraft was integral to the charge. Conversely,
where the fact that the offence was committed on board an aircraft was
incidental to the charge, the courts should retain the existing sentencing
benchmark or framework. The fact of the offence having been committed on board
an aircraft could then be accounted for as an offence-specific or offender-
specific factor.

29 Mr Satianathan further submitted that the fact that the offence was
committed on board an aircraft was merely incidental to a s 354(1) Penal Code
offence. An outrage of modesty on board an aircraft did not go to an aspect of
air travel that necessitated a development of a new sentencing framework. The
present charge was brought under s 354(1) Penal Code read with s 3(1) TCA but
s 3(1) TCA was merely procedural in nature, and did not create a substantive
offence. Section 3(1) TCA established this court’s jurisdiction over offences
committed on board Singapore-controlled aircraft travelling outside the
territory of Singapore, which if committed in Singapore would constitute
offences under Singapore law. The function of s 3(1) TCA in establishing this
court’s jurisdiction did not make the offence any more closely targeted at an
aspect of flight safety or air travel that would make the fact that the
offence was committed on board an aircraft integral to the charge. Thus, Mr
Satianathan concluded that the fact that an outrage of modesty had occurred on
board an aircraft was merely an important part of the factual background that
should be taken into account in the Kunasekaran framework.

30 The prosecution’s view was also that the Kunasekaran framework should be
retained in this case, notwithstanding the fact that the respondent’s acts
took place on board an aircraft in flight. The prosecution agreed with Mr
Satianathan that the TCA was enacted for the purposes of establishing
jurisdiction, and did not envisage a separate set of sentencing factors or a
different framework.

31 The respondent offered no views on whether the fact that an offence was
committed on board an aircraft should change a court’s approach to sentencing.

32 I agree with both the prosecution and Mr Satianathan that it is unnecessary
to develop a new framework for s 354(1) Penal Code offences simply because the
offences are committed on board an aircraft. The fact that an outrage of
modesty occurs on board an aircraft against an air transportation worker would
present several unique features to be taken into account in sentencing, as I
elaborate below. But these features can be taken into account under the
existing Kunasekaran framework. The fact of the outrage of modesty occurring
on board an aircraft is merely a part of the factual backdrop to the case,
albeit an important part of it. The offence does not go towards a particular
form of harm closely associated with flight safety or air travel that warrants
the development of a new framework.

Accounting for the offence being committed on board an aircraft in sentencing
for s 354(1) Penal Code offences

33 The next issue pertains to how the court should account for the offence
being committed on board an aircraft when sentencing for s 354(1) Penal Code
offences.

34 Mr Satianathan submitted that the fact that a s 354(1) Penal Code offence
was committed on board an aircraft could be accounted for as an offence-
specific factor under the first step of the Kunasekaran framework, and also as
an offender-specific factor under the second step of the Kunasekaran
framework.

35 On the first step, Mr Satianathan submitted that the mere fact of the
offence being committed on board an aircraft was not in and of itself
relevant. It might become relevant if the offence was committed in a way that
exploited the role of an air stewardess, was motivated by vengeance,
jeopardised the safety or the crew, or was an abuse of authority. Notably,
moreover, Mr Satianathan submitted that the mere fact that a victim was a
public transport worker, whether on an aircraft or otherwise, should not be an
aggravating factor. Public transport workers are exposed to different risks
depending on the nature of the public transport, and it would be wrong to
consider their vulnerabilities as a group without differentiating between
these risks. In the case of commercial airlines, flight attendants are
typically trained to deal with situations of aggressive or overly friendly
passengers, and thus may not be vulnerable solely by dint of their role. Much
of the analysis would ultimately have to be fact-specific, and mere citation
of statistics of increased rates of offending on board aircraft would have to
be treated with caution as it failed to account for the increase in commercial
air traffic over the years, and also failed to account for the possibility of
an increased incidence of reporting. Further, an increase in the rate of
offending did not, without more, warrant a higher sentence. The court must
first be satisfied that a higher sentence would discernibly or plausibly
address the higher rate of offending before ordering such a sentence.

36 Mr Satianathan also acknowledged several features unique to flying that
should be taken into account in the analysis of an offence being committed on
board an aircraft as an offence-specific factor. The first feature he cited
was that commercial air travel is a high-pressure environment, as a large
number of people are seated together over a long period of time without much
freedom to move about. The second feature flowed from the first – the high-
pressure environment may cause some passengers to become angry. This may
manifest externally as angry outbursts or responses towards the flight crew or
other passengers, but may also manifest internally through unruly or
antisocial behaviour, such as excessive alcohol consumption. The third feature
was the trust required between the passengers and the crew, and also amongst
the passengers themselves. Passengers typically stow their carry-on luggage in
communal unsecured areas, and trust that neither the crew nor their fellow
passengers will rifle through their luggage when they are asleep, or visiting
the restroom. The fourth feature was that there is no convenient means of
escape from an aircraft. This means that a victim may have to endure prolonged
exposure to the offender for the rest of the duration of the flight, with the
scope of avoidance being limited due to the confined space of the aircraft
cabin. This would contribute all the more to the victim’s distress.

37 Mr Satianathan further submitted that some aspects of air travel as listed
above might be considered offender-specific factors in the second step of the
Kunasekaran framework. Excessive alcohol consumption by an offender on a
flight would be such an example.

38 As for the sentencing principle of general deterrence, Mr Satianathan
queried whether increasing the sentence for offences committed on board an
aircraft would serve the purpose of general deterrence. He suggested that it
was unlikely that a foreigner on board a Singapore-registered aircraft would
be aware of Singapore laws and it was therefore unlikely that foreigners would
be deterred.

39 The prosecution agreed with some of Mr Satianathan’s analysis, notably with
his descriptions of the aspects unique to air travel that should be
incorporated into the analysis of offence-specific factors, as summarised at
[36] above.

40 The prosecution disagreed, however, with several other aspects of Mr
Satianathan’s approach. The prosecution submitted that the fact that a victim
was a public transport worker should in and of itself be considered an
aggravating factor, so long as the offence was committed against the public
transport worker in the course of his duties. The prosecution’s position was
that public transport workers performing their duties were vulnerable as a
class, and while some public transport workers might have the benefit of more
training or more experience than others, that only went to the degree of harm
suffered by the individual victim that could be accounted for after the
vulnerability of the class was recognised. The fact that a public transport
worker might have received training to handle aggressive or overly friendly
passengers certainly did not diminish an offender’s culpability in any way.

41 The prosecution also submitted that the fact that an offence occurred on
board public transport, even if not directed at a public transport worker, was
an aggravating offence in and of itself. When s 354(1) Penal Code offences
occurred on board public transport, especially commercial air transport, they
could easily be disguised as accidental contact and were difficult to detect
because a victim might be fooled into believing that the contact was
unintentional. Moreover, they were easily committed because of the close and
restrictive quarters on public transport, but they were difficult to
investigate and prosecute because the offender, the victim, and the key
witnesses might have divergent travel plans bringing them out of the
jurisdiction and beyond the reach of law enforcement. The prosecution also
highlighted the possibility of a risk of escalation arising from
confrontations, given the high-pressure environment, which could potentially
jeopardise the safety of the aircraft and its passengers.

42 The prosecution emphasised that the principle of general deterrence should
not be undermined. The prosecution noted that a Singapore citizen, just as
much as a foreigner, might be the subject of a charge under s 354(1) Penal
Code. Foreigners, too, should know that outrage of modesty is an offence. The
prosecution submitted that general deterrence through an uplift in sentence
still had a role to play.

43 In my judgment, the proper framework to be applied to a s 354(1) Penal Code
offence is the two-step sentencing bands framework laid down by the High Court
in Kunasekaran. That framework was adapted from the framework I set out for s
354(2) Penal Code offences in GBR v Public Prosecutor [2018] 3 SLR 1048. I
agree with Chan Seng Onn J that the only distinction between s 354(1) and
354(2) Penal Code offences is the difference in the ages of the victim. The
factors to be taken into account in determining the appropriate sentence are
the same.

44 In my view, the fact that a s 354(1) Penal Code offence is committed aboard
an aircraft is in and of itself an aggravating factor. The fact that a s
354(1) Penal Code offence is committed against an air transportation worker is
also in and of itself an aggravating factor. These will generally be taken
into account as offence-specific aggravating factors.

Committing a s 354(1) Penal Code offence on board an aircraft is an
aggravating factor

45 I consider that there are several unique features to air travel that make
the commission of a s 354(1) Penal Code offence on board an aircraft an
aggravating factor. In particular, the presence of these features support a
finding that an offence being committed on board an aircraft is more
aggravating than an offence committed on other types of public transport, for
the reasons I give below. I take the view that these features are of general
application and should be considered each time a court deals with an offence
committed on board an aircraft. But they may factor into the analysis to
varying degrees depending on the unique facts of each case.

46 The first feature, which Mr Satianathan rightly identified, is that
commercial air travel is often a high-pressure environment. There will often
be at least a hundred passengers – and sometimes, several hundred passengers –
packed into the confined space of an aircraft cabin for a lengthy period of
time, typically several hours or more. During this time, they have limited
mobility, limited interaction with other passengers or crew, and limited
entertainment or distraction. Even the number of restrooms is limited. This
suggests that nerves are more easily frayed, and that tempers are more easily
strained. The close physical proximity between the individuals on board an
aircraft means that it is more likely that undesired physical contact may
occur, and this contact may be more easily disguised or be more difficult to
detect.

47 This is less true of other means of public transportation such as travel
via train, bus or taxi. On these other methods of public transport, the trip
duration is typically shorter, the number of passengers is typically fewer,
and the amount of freedom of movement is typically greater. Indeed, two people
can hardly pass each other abreast on an airplane aisle, which speaks to a
greater level of physical confinement and restriction than even on a public
bus or train. It is true, of course, that the restricted physical freedom of
commuters on a bus or train during peak hours should not be understated and
travelling under such conditions can often be extremely uncomfortable and
stressful. But the duration of such journeys will, in most cases, still be
shorter than a flight.

48 Another feature of air travel that Mr Satianathan rightly identified, which
distinguishes it from other forms of public transportation, is that there is
no ready means of escape. The flight has a set path with a set time. There is
no question of a detour for the convenience of one or even a few passengers,
and the only time one can justifiably expect a deviation from the intended
flight plan is if there is an emergency. This means that a victim of outrage
of modesty on board an aircraft has to endure a prolonged period of distress,
knowing that the perpetrator remains on board the same aircraft, within the
vicinity. This victim cannot, unlike a victim on board a bus, train, or taxi,
simply cut short her journey and step out of the vehicle. It may be of some
comfort to a victim that she may be able to change her seats to move some
distance away from her attacker, although the attacker remains on the same
flight. But it will be no comfort at all if the flight is full and there is
nowhere else for the victim to go to.

49 The respondent pointed out in oral submissions that a perpetrator on board
an aircraft would be unable to make a quick escape, unlike the case where
other modes of public transportation such as a bus, train, or taxi were
involved. While this is true, it hardly makes the commission of the offence
any less aggravating. It is precisely the perpetrator’s continual presence on
board the aircraft that contributes to his victim’s prolonged distress.

50 A third unique feature of air travel, as the prosecution rightly pointed
out, is the difficulty in obtaining the assistance of law enforcement. There
is no way for the police to get to an aircraft mid-flight. The victim thus has
to endure the remainder of her journey until the aircraft arrives at an
airport to obtain the assistance of law enforcement. The same cannot be said
of a victim on board a bus, train, or taxi, who can more readily and speedily
receive the assistance of the authorities once they are duly notified.

51 For completeness, I also set out the features of air travel I do not
consider to be relevant to my determination that an offence being committed on
board an aircraft is an aggravating factor. Thus, where these features are
called upon in support of an argument that it is an aggravating factor that
the offence was committed on board an aircraft, the court should not find an
aggravation of the offence without identifying exceptional reasons for doing
so.

52 One factor Mr Satianathan pointed out was the fact that alcohol is
generally available on board most commercial flights. It is certainly true
that most other forms of public transportation do not involve the provision of
alcoholic beverages. But that is not to say that there are no drunk passengers
on board other forms of public transport. The case law is littered with
examples of taxi drivers who were violently assaulted by drunk passengers they
picked up on the streets. This is therefore not a risk factor unique to air
transportation. In any event, intoxication is already recognised to be an
aggravating factor on its own: see Wong Hoi Len v Public Prosecutor [2009] 1
SLR(R) 115 (“Wong Hoi Len”). Where the circumstances warrant it, a charge may
also be brought under s 8B(3) of the Air Navigation Act, which specifically
targets drunk passengers on board aircraft.

53 Another factor which the prosecution pointed out was that an offence
committed on board an aircraft presents difficulties in investigation and
prosecution. The prosecution was right to point out that passengers and
potential witnesses will typically come from foreign jurisdictions and have
quite different travel plans, resulting in difficulties in obtaining evidence.
But it seems to me that this factor cuts both ways. It will be equally if not
more difficult for the defence to obtain exonerating evidence from witnesses
beyond the jurisdiction, especially without the benefit of the resources of
the state.

54 A third factor the prosecution highlighted was that the very nature of air
travel makes offences on board an aircraft more serious. The prosecution
pointed to the possibility of “air rage” which threatens the safety of the
aircraft, its crew, and the passengers. Air rage has already arisen in case
law. In Public Prosecutor v Tan Fook Sum [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1022 (“Tan Fook
Sum”), an exceptionally disgruntled passenger who was told off by the flight
crew for misbehaving lit a fire in an aircraft toilet and jeopardised the
safety of the aircraft and all the individuals aboard it. It seems to me,
however, that if such an exceptional act of endangerment of the safety of
others occurs, the proper approach is for the prosecution to bring a charge
that reflects the gravity and seriousness of the offender’s actions. Indeed, I
note that the offender in Tan Fook Sum was charged and convicted of an offence
under the Air Navigation Order (Cap 6, O 2, 1990 Rev Ed), which is a provision
designed for such serious offences. It would not be correct, in my view,
simply to say that because an offence has occurred on board an aircraft and
there is the possibility of air rage or other dangerous actions by a
disgruntled passenger, whether a victim or an attacker, that all offences
committed on an aircraft automatically deserve an uplift in sentence. This
denies the gravity of that separate act of endangerment, and presents far too
tenuous a connection between the nature of the offending act under the s
354(1) Penal Code charge and the eventual harm which results from the separate
act of air rage or similar dangerous action.

55 It is my view that the three unique features of air travel I have
identified above at [46]–[50] contribute to the severity of an offence being
committed on board an aircraft. For these reasons, where the offence is
committed in such a way as to implicate or raise any of these features, the
fact that an offence is committed on board an aircraft should ordinarily be
treated as an aggravating factor. In particular, it should ordinarily be
considered more aggravating as compared to an offence committed on other forms
of public transportation.

56 I stress, however, that the features may be present to varying degrees
depending on the facts of the case. For example, where an offence takes place
only in the last 30 minutes of a flight lasting over 16 hours in duration, the
distress suffered by the victim from remaining in the vicinity of her attacker
is attenuated. Similarly, a victim may be able to obtain immediate assistance
from an air marshal if one is present on board. The court should take these
facts into account in sentencing in determining the degree to which the
conduct is aggravating. In some rare cases, it would be fair to say that the
degree of aggravation is lower than that of the same offence being carried out
on board other means of public transportation, although ordinarily one would
expect the degree of aggravation to be greater.

Committing a s 354(1) Penal Code offence against an air transportation worker
is an aggravating factor

57 The foregoing analysis shows that it is ordinarily an aggravating factor
for a s 354(1) Penal Code offence to have been committed on an aircraft. That
analysis has been done without distinction as to the role of the victim: the
victim could equally be a passenger or a member of the flight crew. I now come
to the question whether the fact that the s 354(1) Penal Code offence is
committed by a passenger against an air transportation worker, such as a
flight stewardess, should be considered as even more aggravating than if it
had been committed against a fellow passenger. I also consider the question of
whether the law should distinguish between air transportation workers such as
flight stewardesses, and other public transport workers.

58 I take the view that the commission of a s 354(1) Penal Code offence by a
passenger against an air transportation worker is more aggravating than if it
had been committed against a fellow passenger. The latter two of the three
features I identified above at [48] and [50] – that there is no convenient
means of escape and there is typically a delay in obtaining assistance from
law enforcement – are equally applicable to the flight crew. But the first
feature identified above at [46] is exacerbated where flight stewardesses are
concerned. It is part of the role of flight stewardesses to move up and down
the aircraft to check on and respond to passengers’ needs, to conduct the meal
service, and to carry out duty-free sales. Although they are therefore
afforded a greater degree of freedom than the average passenger, they are
exposed to a much greater risk of undesired physical contact by passengers. An
aircraft aisle is a very narrow space. It is often the case that a flight
stewardess has to reach over other passengers to pass out meal trays to
passengers seated further away from the aisle and collect them after the meal
service. A flight stewardess is thus especially vulnerable to unwanted
physical contact, compared to the average passenger.

59 Mr Satianathan made the argument that flight stewardesses receive training
to deal with unwanted advances from passengers on flights. That may be true,
and it may manifest in a less severe degree of psychological harm suffered by
a victim. But that depends on the individual victim. It certainly does not
make the offender any less culpable for his actions. In my view, air
transportation workers including flight stewardesses are, as a class, more
vulnerable to a s 354(1) Penal Code offence. The law should deter s 354(1)
Penal Code offences by recognising that the commission of such an offence
against air transportation workers as a class, such as flight stewardesses, is
an aggravating factor.

60 I would also add that another good reason why it is more aggravating when a
flight stewardess is targeted, instead of a fellow passenger, is that the
flight stewardess performs a function essential to the safety and well-being
of passengers as a whole, as compared to the average passenger. Flight
stewardesses are trained to deal with emergencies. A flight stewardess who is
left traumatised and incapacitated by distress at having been physically
violated is unable, or less able, to respond to an emergency. Her crew members
are left shorthanded, and the passengers exposed to greater danger. This is a
real risk the law should also recognise and deter.

61 I turn now to the question whether there is any useful distinction to be
drawn between air transportation workers and other public transport workers. I
start with the case law. The High Court decision of Wong Hoi Len is often
cited as authority that the commission of offences against public transport
workers immediately warrants a custodial sentence. Wong Hoi Len itself is a
case involving a passenger convicted of voluntarily causing hurt to a taxi
driver. In his observations on sentence, Rajah JA was of the view that public
transport workers in general, including bus captains, “are more vulnerable to
criminal violence than their counterparts in most other professions”, because
“[t]hey are constantly exposed on the service frontline and, very often, are
left to fend for themselves when confronted with difficult and/or unruly
passengers”: at [11]. Violence against public transport workers affects the
provision of a public service, hence general deterrence should assume special
significance and relevance: at [17]. Public transport workers “provide the
larger community with an invaluable and essential service, and they have every
right to work in a safe and secure environment”: at [18].

62 The observations made by Rajah JA, with the exception of the comment that
public transport workers often have to confront unruly passengers alone, are
all applicable to flight stewardesses as well. A flight stewardess is part of
the crew and thus does not face the passengers alone, but it is also true that
flight stewardesses are required as part of their occupation to have a greater
degree of interaction with passengers compared to taxi drivers or bus
captains. Taxi drivers and bus captains may have little control over who is
permitted to enter their vehicles, whereas passengers on flights are typically
screened by security personnel before being allowed to board the aircraft.
These minor differences do not warrant any distinction being drawn in
principle between flight stewardesses and other public transport workers.
Commercial air transport is an invaluable and essential service to the
community. Flight stewardesses have as much a right as any public transport
worker to work in a safe and secure environment.

63 I am therefore in agreement with the general expressions of principle made
by Rajah JA in Wong Hoi Len. I would, however, supplement those general
expressions of principle by including my analysis of the features unique to
air travel. This means that where a s 354(1) Penal Code offence is committed
against an air transportation worker, the court’s focus should be on examining
whether any of the features I have identified above at [46]–[50] and [58]–[60]
are present, and if so, to what degree. Where s 354(1) offences are committed
against flight stewardesses, the general expressions of principle in Wong Hoi
Len remain applicable, but it is more accurate to examine the commission of an
offence against an air transportation worker in particular, as opposed to a
public transport worker in general, as an aggravating factor. The particular
incorporates the general and appropriately expands on it for the specific
situation at hand.

64 I note at this juncture that I have not considered the question whether the
commission of a s 354(1) Penal Code offence by an air transportation worker
against a fellow air transportation worker should be treated as more
aggravating than the other scenarios of a s 354(1) Penal Code offence being
committed on board an aircraft. Factors such as abuse of authority or position
may come into the picture, and the question is best left for consideration on
another occasion when the court is able to receive the benefit of arguments on
the issue.

Did the District Judge correctly apply the Kunasekaran framework?

65 Under the Kunasekaran framework, the court must first determine which of
the three sentencing band the offending act falls within by considering the
offence-specific factors, namely the degree of sexual exploitation, the
circumstances of the offence, and the physical or psychological harm caused to
the victim. Next, the court should consider offender-specific factors that are
aggravating or mitigating (Kunasekaran at [45] and [48]). The District Judge
was correct in holding that the Kunasekaran framework should apply but with
respect, he erred in his application of the framework.

66 On the first factor, ie, the degree of sexual exploitation, there was
intrusion into the victim’s private parts. This alone takes the offending act
outside Band 1. That said, the District Judge expressly found at [73] of the
GD that the duration of contact was “brief”. The contact was in the nature of
a “brush” and made “in one motion” ([73] of the GD). The action was taken at a
“slow/normal speed” ([19]), and there was no skin-on-skin contact ([73]). The
degree of sexual exploitation therefore suggests that the act falls within the
lower end of Band 2.

67 On the second factor, the court must examine the circumstances of the
offence, including the presence of aggravating factors. On the analysis I have
undertaken above, the fact that the offending act was committed against an air
transportation worker, in this case a flight stewardess, is a significant
aggravating factor. The features I identified above at [46] to [50] and [58]
to [60], which make the commission of a s 354(1) offence against an air
transportation worker an aggravating factor, are all present here. The
respondent took advantage of the close quarters on board the aircraft cabin to
carry out the offence. The cabin was a narrow confined space, and the victim
had no convenient means of escape. She had to resort to seeking temporary
refuge in the toilet. She was left shaken by her experience, and was not able
to continue working for part of the flight. Her crew members had to console
her and cope without her for part of the flight. The offending act took place
slightly more than midway through the flight. The victim thus had to endure
the distress of remaining in the vicinity of the offender, and could only
obtain assistance from law enforcement several hours later upon the aircraft’s
arrival in Singapore.

68 On the third factor, the court must examine the harm caused to the victim.
The victim did not suffer any physical harm. She did, however, suffer
psychological harm. She cried out of distress and fear after the offending
acts, and sought refuge in an aircraft toilet. She continues to work as a
flight stewardess, but has requested to be redeployed to non-Australian routes
where there is a lower chance of encountering male Caucasian passengers. The
psychological harm she has suffered is not inconsequential.

69 The prosecution has placed before me three sentencing precedents involving
s 354(1) Penal Code offences committed on board an aircraft. However, the
facts in those cases diverge widely from the present case and are not helpful
to the analysis. In Balasubramanian Palaniappa Vaiyapuri v Public Prosecutor
[2002] 1 SLR(R) 138 the offender carried out offending acts three times during
the journey from Osaka to Singapore: at [44]. In Public Prosecutor v Pierre
Gauthier [2004] SGDC 92, it was a flight captain who outraged the modesty of a
flight stewardess, thus attracting concerns of abuse of authority. The court
also found that the offender had collaborated with a witness to bolster his
defence, which was a separate aggravating factor: at [33]. In Public
Prosecutor v Kizhakkumkkara Thomas Ajeesh (Magistrate’s Arrest Case Nos 908850
and 908851 of 2015)(unreported), the offender was intoxicated, which is a
separate aggravating factor. The respondent also rightly pointed out that the
statement of facts in that case indicated a greater degree of sexual
exploitation, as the offender in that case had brushed his hand from the
victim’s right breast to her left breast in a single motion. In any event, all
these decisions pre-date the sentencing framework in Kunasekaran, and thus
have limited precedential value.

70 I have conducted a holistic assessment of the factors in the first step of
the Kunasekaran framework for the present case. That exercise, in particular
giving due weight to the aggravating factor that the offence was committed
against an air transportation worker in the course of her duties, should have
led the District Judge to find that the offending act lies above the minimum
sentencing point in Band 2 as a starting point. In my assessment, the
appropriate starting point would not be five months’ imprisonment which is the
minimum sentencing point in Band 2 (at [49] of Kunasekaran). I determined on
the facts in this case that the starting point ought to be pegged at eight
months’ imprisonment.

71 The court must consider the offender-specific aggravating and mitigating
factors at the next step of the Kunasekaran framework (at [45] and [48] of
Kunasekaran). The District Judge found that the respondent’s clean record, his
respectable job in government service, and good character references supported
a greater likelihood of reform and a lower probability of re-offending, and
thus considered these to be mitigating factors.

72 The respondent’s clean record, good character and work credentials do
strongly suggest that the commission of the offence is an aberration and he is
unlikely to reoffend. Indeed, I note that the prosecution did not dispute
this. Instead, the prosecution relied on the decision of Menon CJ in Stansilas
Fabian Kester v Public Prosecutor [2017] 5 SLR 755 (“Kester”) for the
proposition that the mitigating weight to be attributed to a lessened need to
specifically deter an offender may be offset by the interest of general
deterrence (at [100]). That is certainly correct as a matter of law. But it
must first be shown that there is a need for a heightened dose of general
deterrence. In Wong Hoi Len, Rajah JA noted a “reported increase in criminal
acts targeting persons working in the field of public transport”, citing
newspaper articles and questions asked of the Minister of Transport in
Parliament: at [8]–[11]. This brought the interest of general deterrence to
the fore. Similarly, Menon CJ in Kester had the benefit of statistics from the
State Courts Sentencing Information and Research Repository, as well as a
report from the Singapore Police Force, both showing an upward trend in drunk
driving cases that warranted greater significance being given to general
deterrence: at [43], [44] and [100]. No such evidence was before me here.

73 The fact that an air transportation worker is the victim of the offence and
the fact that the offence affected the provision of a public service would
point towards general deterrence assuming special significance and relevance
(Wong Hoi Len at [17]). Nevertheless, by treating the two factors as
significant aggravating factors, general deterrence would already have been
given due weight, and I found that the need for general deterrence does not
substantially trump the lessened need for specific deterrence in this case.
Some mitigating value may still be given to the respondent’s good character
and work credentials as supporting a high potential for rehabilitation and a
lesser need for specific deterrence.

74 The District Judge also appeared to have taken into account as a mitigating
factor the fact that the respondent was not allowed to leave the jurisdiction
for a period of six months while on bail. During that time, the respondent was
separated from his family, and had no source of income. In my view, this is
not a mitigating factor. The District Judge appeared to have assumed that a
foreigner in the respondent’s position would suffer more hardship than a
Singapore resident in the same position, as the Singapore resident granted
bail pending trial could presumably return to his family and continue his
work. But there is no safe basis for a court to make such an assumption – it
assumes that the offender has a family to return to, and that his employment
remains available to him. In any event, the fact that the respondent was not
allowed to leave the jurisdiction is the normal and unexceptional consequence
of the determination of him as a flight risk. It is the conventional operation
of the bail regime that a foreigner with no strong ties to the jurisdiction is
more easily found to be a flight risk than a Singapore citizen. The regime is
not deliberately designed to inflict more hardship on a foreign citizen as
compared to a Singapore resident. Instead, it aims to secure the alleged
offender’s presence in court at the trial. There is no mitigating value to be
attributed to the respondent’s prolonged stay in Singapore while out on bail.

75 On balance, having regard to all the circumstances in the round, the
sentence would be appropriately calibrated at six months’ imprisonment.

Conclusion

76 For the above-stated reasons, I allowed the prosecution’s appeal in part
and increased the sentence in respect of the first charge to six months’
imprisonment. This sentence would run concurrently with the sentence of one
month’s imprisonment which was imposed in respect of the second charge.

77 I am grateful to the parties for their submissions and especially to Mr
Satianathan, the Young Amicus Curiae, for presenting his recommendations and
ably assisting the court on the sentencing issues.

See Kee Oon  
Judge

Gail Wong (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the appellant;  
Foo Cheow Ming (Foo Cheow Ming Chambers) for the respondent;

Devathas Satianathan (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) as Young Amicus Curiae.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

