Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHCR 13

HC/S 26 of 2016  
HC/SUM 1654 of 2018

Between

| Element Six Technologies Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff / Respondent

And

| IIa Technologies Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant / Applicant

Judgment

[Civil Procedure – Discovery of Documents]

[Patents and Inventions – Experiments]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Element Six Technologies Ltd

  

v

  

IIa Technologies Pte Ltd

[2018] SGHCR 13

High Court — Suit No 26 of 2016 (Summons No 1654 of 2018)  
Justin Yeo AR  
26, 27 June, 17 July 2018

27 August 2018 Judgment reserved.

Justin Yeo AR:

1 This judgment concerns the discovery of documents relating to experiments
and experimental material in the context of patent litigation. It also touches
on the area of legal professional privilege (referred to, in the rest of this
judgment, as “privilege”), given that such documents may often be privileged
from disclosure.

Background facts

2 The brief background to this suit was previously set out in Element Six
Technologies v IIa Technologies [2017] SGHCR 16. In essence, Element Six
Technologies Ltd (“the Plaintiff”) is the proprietor of two Singapore Patents
bearing the numbers 115872 (“the ‘872 Patent”) and 110508 (“the ‘508 Patent”).
The ‘872 Patent is in respect of an optical quality synthetic single crystal
chemical vapour deposition (“CVD”) diamond material and the method for its
production. The ‘508 Patent is in respect of a method of producing CVD
diamonds of a desired colour.

3 The Plaintiff brought the present suit against IIa Technologies Pte Ltd
(“the Defendant”), claiming that the Defendant had infringed 33 claims in the
‘872 Patent and 24 claims in the ‘508 Patent. The Plaintiff’s claim rests on
four trap purchased CVD diamonds (“the Samples”), each of which was allegedly
grown by the Defendant and trap purchased from Gemesis Diamond Company
(“Sample 1”), Microwave Enterprises Inc (“Sample 2”), Pure Grown Diamonds
(“Sample 3”) and the Defendant itself (“Sample 4”).

4 The defence comprises several levels. The Defendant has denied knowledge of
Samples 1 to 3 and called into question issues relating to the provenance of
those samples. The Defendant has also asserted that it has no knowledge of
whether the conditions or characteristics of all four Samples had been changed
after the Samples had allegedly left the Defendant’s possession and custody.
The Defendant has further contended that the Samples do not infringe the
asserted claims of the Patents. Finally, the Defendant has also brought a
counterclaim for the revocation of the Patents.

5 The Plaintiff has proceeded under the regime (“the Notice of Experiments
Regime”) in O 87A r 6 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)
(“Rules of Court”). Under the Notice of Experiments Regime, a party desiring
to establish any fact by experimental proof has to serve on the other party a
notice stating the facts which it desires to so establish, giving full
particulars of the experiments proposed to establish those facts. It is trite
that the Notice of Experiments Regime is intended to ensure that a full and
fair analysis can be carried out by the parties on the matters sought to be
proven by way of the experiments described in the Notice of Experiments.

6 On 6 October 2016, the Plaintiff filed its list of documents, disclosing
technical notes describing the various experiments conducted on the Samples
(“the Technical Notes”). On 23 December 2016, the Plaintiff filed its Notice
of Experiments, containing 22 facts that the Plaintiff intended to prove by
way of experimental evidence. On 13 January 2017, the Defendant filed its
response to the Plaintiff’s Notice of Experiments, stating that it did not
admit to any of the 22 facts.

The present application

7 On 28 March 2018, the Plaintiff applied by way of Summons No 1478 of 2018
(“SUM 1478”) for specific discovery of 13 classes of documents pursuant to O
24 rr 1 and 5 of the Rules of Court, as well as electronic discovery pursuant
to Part V of the Supreme Court Practice Directions. On 9 April 2018, the
Defendant applied by way of Summons No 1654 of 2018 (“SUM 1654”) for specific
discovery of 12 classes of documents.

8 The two applications were scheduled to be heard together on the same day.
They were eventually heard over four days in June and July 2018 in the light
of the number of requests made and the complex factual substratum relating to
each request. About 400 pages of written submissions were tendered to the
court, together with voluminous bundles of authorities, affidavits and other
documents. On 27 August 2018, I rendered judgment for both applications, with
oral grounds of decision for SUM 1478 and seven of the 12 requests in SUM
1654. The remaining five requests in SUM 1654 relate to novel points of law
touching on the discovery of material relating to experiments (“the Experiment
Requests”), and are canvassed more fully in these written grounds.

9 The Experiment Requests are as follows:

[Request 2] All documents (including but not limited to reports, records,
calibrations, written instructions, manuals) relating to any experimental
procedures conducted on, machinery setup and/or test results (including the
raw data) of, the [Samples] (regardless of whether the [Samples] had come into
the Plaintiff’s possession or not);

[Request 3] All documents relating to the standards and/or benchmarks created
as a result of any experiments, insofar as these standards and/or benchmarks
were used by and/or referred to in the [Technical Notes] … All such standards
and/or benchmarks referred to in the Technical Notes are described in Annex B
[to SUM 1654].

[Request 4] All documents in their original format that provide the raw
results and/or data for all tests performed on the [Samples] that were
eventually relied on to prepare the Technical Notes, including but not limited
to:-

i. The original format of the following documents that were disclosed by the
Plaintiff on 21 March 2018:-

a. “05 NL530 4x A1.pdf” to “05 NL530 4x Z3.pdf”

b. “04 NL623-03 4x A1.pdf” to “04 NL625 4x C3.pdf”

c. “05 NL702 4x A1.pdf” to “05 NL702 4x D4.pdf”

d. “04 NL719-06 4x A1.pdf” to 04 NL719-06 4x D5.pdf”

ii. Coloured images captured by the Metripol system that have been converted
into black and white images by the Plaintiff in the documents disclosed on 21
March 2018.

[Request 5] All documents relating to work-up experiments that were used
and/or relied on and/or referred to in the Technical Notes;

[Request 6] All documents relating to any experiments that were conducted on
the [Samples] that were subsequently abandoned and/or otherwise not relied on
by the Plaintiff;

The law on discovery of experimental material

10 In relation to the Experiment Requests, the parties relied heavily on three
decisions of the UK Patents Court, taking very different positions on the
ambit of these decisions and the applicable legal principles to be gleaned
therefrom. The three decisions are Electrolux Northern Ltd v Black & Decker
[1996] FSR 595 (“Electrolux”), Mayne Pharma Pty Ltd v Debiopharm SA [2006] FSR
37 (“Mayne Pharma”) and Magnesium Elektron Ltd v Neo Chemicals and Oxides
(Europe) Ltd [2017] EWHC 2957 (“Magnesium Elektron”). In gist:

(a) Defendant’s counsel contended that Mayne Pharma and Magnesium Elektron
were the operative cases representing the current state of English law in
relation to the disclosure of experiments and experimental material in
general, and that Mayne Pharma had “overruled” Electrolux. Relying on Mayne
Pharma and Magnesium Elektron, Defendant’s counsel argued that disclosure
ought to be given for work-up experiments as well as experiments that were not
expressly referred to in the Plaintiff’s Notice of Experiments, whether or not
these experiments were “abandoned” by the Plaintiff.

(b) Plaintiff’s counsel argued that Mayne Pharma and Magnesium Elektron
applied only to the specific context of “work-up experiments”, and that
Electrolux continued to be operative in the context of “abandoned
experiments”.

11 It is useful to consider the three decisions in some detail, before setting
out my views on the applicable legal principles.

Electrolux

12 The first case to be considered is Electrolux. In Electrolux, each party
suggested that the other had carried out experiments which had not been
disclosed, and argued that the court should infer that those experiments had
been conducted, had proved helpful to the opposing party, and had been
abandoned for that reason.

13 Laddie J considered a fairly contemporaneous but unreported decision of
Jacob J in Honeywell Ltd v Appliance Components Ltd (February 22, 1996,
unreported) (“Honeywell”). In Honeywell, Jacob J expressed the view that it
could “hardly be right” for a party to suppress experiments that had been
conducted but which did not support (or perhaps even undermined or destroyed)
the arguments put forward by that party. As such, Jacob J inferred from a
party’s failure to put certain experiments in evidence that those experiments
did not support the position advanced by that party.

14 Laddie J differed from Jacob J’s views on this issue, for the following
reasons (Electrolux at 612–614):

(a) The litigation system proceeds on the basis that, save in relation to
discovery, each party puts forward the material which it believes supports its
case or undermines its opponent’s case, with such evidence subject to testing
by cross-examination at trial. No party is obliged to call witnesses, whether
factual or expert, who are hostile to his case. Indeed, a party is not obliged
to proffer evidence on any point, and may instead opt to proceed through
cross-examining his opponent’s witnesses or relying on a favourable burden of
proof.

(b) In the context of patent claims, many experiments eventually fail to
support the propositions for which they were advanced. The reality is that
experiments are often abandoned for a variety of reasons, for instance,
because they were not clear enough, the experimental technique was too open to
attack, the expert who would give evidence in relation to these experiments
would make a dreadful witness, or counsel had come to a view that there was a
better and simpler way to prove the point in question, etc. Indeed,
experiments may also be abandoned because they may – on initial impression –
appear to support an opponent’s case, and it would take a lot of complicated
evidence to disprove that initial impression. As such, it would be wrong for
the court to simply infer, from a party’s abandoning of experiments, that the
experiment was favourable to the opposing party.

(c) If a court would likely infer that an abandoned experiment supported the
opposing party’s case, the party from whom discovery is sought would be “in a
quite impossible position” (Electrolux at 614). That party would have to
disclose the experiments he intended to abandon, and also set out the reasons
for abandoning those experiments. This may involve waiving privilege in
relation to the advice of counsel to abandon the experiment in question, and
may also involve adducing further evidence of experts (who may not otherwise
be called) to explain why the abandoned experiments were unnecessary and
unhelpful to the matter. The court would eventually be saddled with the
additional burden of considering whether there was a sensible and non-
incriminating reason for abandoning those experiments. Forcing a party to
disclose abandoned experiments would therefore result in parties being driven
to spend time and money on what would likely be an irrelevant exercise, and
would be “a step in the wrong direction” at a time where the UK Patents Court
was attempting to “slimline proceedings and cut down on costs” (Electrolux at
614).

15 Laddie J also found it difficult to see why adverse inferences should be
drawn in the context of the non-disclosure of abandoned experiments, while
such inferences were not drawn in the context of a party interviewing experts
and choosing to retain some while abandoning the others. He concluded that it
could not be in the interests of the administration of justice “to force
parties to disclose all the other unfruitful avenues they have pursued on the
off chance that some might be arguably supportive of their opponent’s case”
(Electrolux at 615).

16 Despite Laddie J’s disagreement with Jacob J’s views in Honeywell, Laddie J
observed that there was good reason for Jacob J to have come to the
conclusions that he did on the facts of Honeywell – in that case, there was a
direct experimental way of proving anticipation, but the infringer had opted
against putting such direct experiments into evidence, instead preferring to
adopt a “convoluted” route in proving anticipation (Electrolux at 615). In
such a situation, Jacob J’s drawing of an adverse inference was warranted.
However, this did not “justify the imposition of a general requirement on
parties to disclose abandoned experiments, or abandoned endeavours to find any
other form of evidence” (Electrolux at 615).

Mayne Pharma

17 About a decade after Electrolux, the UK Patents Court was faced with an
application for disclosure of documents relating to “any experiments which may
have been performed as part of the ‘work up’ or preliminary investigation
leading to the experiment forming the subject matter of a notice of
experiments” (Mayne Pharma at 658; referred to for convenience as “work-up
experiments”).

18 The patents in Mayne Pharma related to a drug employed in the treatment of
colorectal cancer. One of the patents claimed a method of preparing the drug,
and an objection raised was that two pieces of prior art had already disclosed
processes which, if carried out, would inevitably fall within the claims of
the patent. This type of case is known in patent circles as the “inevitable
result” type of cases, in which the party applying to revoke the patent must
show that in following the instructions contained in the prior disclosure, the
person skilled in the art would inevitably come within the patent claims
(Mayne Pharma at 658, citing the decision of the House of Lords in SmithKline
Beecham Plc’s (Paroxetine Methanesulphonate) Patent [2006] RPC 10; [2006] FSR
37).

19 Pumfrey J considered both Electrolux and Honeywell. He opined that Laddie
J’s suggested parallel between abandoned experiments and abandoned experts
(see [15] above) was “wide of the mark”, because of the difference between
experimental evidence and expert opinion evidence. The latter was in the
nature of an opinion and was subjective in nature, while the former was
“intended to provide a degree of objective confirmation or corroboration of
the subjective views of the experts” and would provide “a fixed point against
which the experts may themselves be assessed” (Mayne Pharma at 661). Pumfrey J
favoured the approach in Honeywell, observing that it “reflect[ed]s a need to
reveal the full story rather than just its culmination”. However, Pumfrey J
emphasised that his observations were made in the specific context of work-up
experiments, and that he “[did] not wish to be taken to be expressing a view
in any other context at all” (Mayne Pharma at 661).

20 Pumfrey J went on to consider the dimension of privilege in relation to the
disclosure of work-up experiments, observing that neither Honeywell nor
Electrolux dealt with this issue. Citing Nea Karteria Maritime Co Ltd v
Atlantic & Great Lake Steamship Corp and Cape Breton Development Corp (No 2)
[1981] Com LR 138 (“Nea Karteria”), Pumfrey J concluded that the service of
the Notice of Experiments amounted to a waiver of privilege, and that such
waiver would extend to work-up experiments (Mayne Pharma at 662). Pumfrey J
expressed doubt over whether such a waiver of privilege would extend beyond
work-up experiments, but opted against expressing further views on this issue.
On the facts of Mayne Pharma, Pumfrey J declared that any privilege otherwise
attaching to documents relating to the work-up experiments in question was
waived by the service of the Notice of Experiments.

Magnesium Elektron

21 The most recent decision of the trio – Magnesium Elektron – was decided in
late 2017. In Magnesium Elektron, the plaintiff alleged that the defendants
had infringed its patent in relation to processes for producing rare-earth
mixed oxides. The plaintiff had adduced experimental evidence that the
defendant’s products were infringing. Tests had been done on third party
products prior to the undertaking of the experiments in question, for the
purpose of comparing the third party products with the samples produced by the
plaintiff. The defendant requested for material relating to the tests
conducted on the third party products.

22 Daniel Alexander QC (sitting as a Deputy Judge of the High Court) referred
to an earlier case management conference for the matter, in which Birss J
considered whether the plaintiff ought to disclose work-up experiments in view
of the privilege attaching to them (see Magnesium Elektron Ltd v Molycorp
Chemicals & Oxides (Europe) Ltd [2017] EWHC 1024 (Pat) (“Magnesium Elektron
(CMC)”)). Birss J ordered disclosure along the lines of that in Mayne Pharma
(“Mayne Pharma disclosure”). Birss J recognised that Mayne Pharma was an
“inevitable result” case, but held that the principles in relation to the
disclosure of work-up experiments were not limited to “inevitable result”
cases (Magnesium Elektron (CMC) at [19] and [22]).

23 Alexander QC opined that Magnesium Elektron (CMC) concerned the “macro”
question of whether Mayne Pharma disclosure should be given in cases other
than the “inevitable result” cases; in contrast, the issue before Alexander QC
concerned the “micro” question of precisely what further disclosure was
required having regard to the material which had been provided (Magnesium
Elektron at [34]). Against this backdrop, Alexander QC observed that Honeywell
and Electrolux were not of complete assistance to Pumfrey J in Mayne Pharma,
because Honeywell and Electrolux were concerned with very different factual
contexts – specifically, they were concerned with “different experiments which
had not been deployed by the party concerned” or “abandoned” experiments,
rather than work-up experiments. Furthermore, neither Honeywell nor Electrolux
had dealt with the dimension of privilege (see [20] above).

24 On the issue of the waiver of privilege, Alexander QC examined a series of
authorities and concluded that the law operated an element of consequential
procedural control following the deployment of a document (for instance, the
service of the Notice of Experiments), where the scope of waiver was a
function of the contents of the document and the nature of its deployment
(Magnesium Elektron at [38]–[60]). He emphasised that Nea Karteria and
authorities subsequent to it had taken a sophisticated approach to implied
waiver which depended, not merely on fact that a document has been deployed,
but also on the express and implied representations made by the act of its
deployment (Magnesium Elektron at [58]).

25 Against this backdrop, Alexander QC held that Mayne Pharma disclosure did
not extend beyond “materials recording preliminary investigation leading to
the particular experiment which is deployed in evidence”, and did not extend
to “other parts of an overall experimental programme even if the design of the
experiment in question may have drawn on earlier experiments” (Magnesium
Elektron at [90]). He acknowledged that there was often no uncontroversial way
of treating one part of an experimental programme as being completely
separable from another, given that some aspects may involve deciding what
experiments to undertake, others involve undertaking the experiments
themselves, and yet others involve interpreting the results (Magnesium
Elektron at [91]). However, he observed that were two types of cases in which
Mayne Pharma disclosure would be clearly and easily applicable, namely
(Magnesium Elektron at [92]–[96]):

(a) First, the “inevitable result” cases. In such cases, the argument is that
certain types of experiments would inevitably be selected and undertaken in a
certain manner, and that those experiments would inevitably engender certain
results. In view of the nature of such cases, information ought to be provided
in relation to how the experiments were selected and conducted, and the manner
in which they were carried out. This was, in fact, the very basis for the
decision in Mayne Pharma.

(b) Second, the “completeness of data” cases. In such cases, the issue is
whether an experiment is repeatable or exhibits significant variation in
result. Having a partial view of the data may lead to unfairness, and as such,
a Court may not permit a party to deploy only the test runs that support its
case.

26 Beyond these two types of cases, other cases may be less straightforward,
and a “more cautious and focused approach” would be required in determining
issues relating to the waiver of privilege and the scope of disclosure
(Magnesium Elektron at [98] and [109]). In Alexander QC’s view, there should
not be an “implied” or “consequential” waiver of privilege over “precursor or
surrounding material” simply on the basis that the experiments had been
disclosed, even if it may be possible to find answers to the deployed
experiments “by rummaging around in earlier material” (Magnesium Elektron at
[98]). He emphasised that there was no warrant for “broad and general
disclosure of all information about earlier experiments on which the
experiments in question may have been based if a later experiment is deployed”
(Magnesium Elektron at [109]). He further opined that waiver of privilege in
“material not deployed” should only be treated as having taken place “to a
limited additional extent”, and only in so far as necessary to satisfy the
specific objectives of the law relating to waiver as set out in Nea Karteria
(Magnesium Elektron at [109]).

27 On the facts of Magnesium Elektron itself, Alexander QC recognised that the
request for documents relating to the tests on the third party products may
have included documents that provided some explanation on why the particular
experimental evidence in question was adduced by the Plaintiff. However, after
considering the principles relating to waiver of privilege, and in particular
the “restrictive approach to waiver in the general law and in Mayne Pharma”,
Alexander QC concluded that privilege had not been impliedly waived, and found
that it would not be unfair for the plaintiff to withhold disclosure of the
precursor experiments (Magnesium Elektron at [123]). He also found that
further disclosure would be neither necessary nor proportionate, given the
likely costs involved and the value to be gained from the disclosure of such
material (Magnesium Elektron at [126]).

The applicable legal principles

28 In the absence of local jurisprudence relating directly to the discovery of
experiments and experimental material, the three UK Patent Court decisions
provide useful guidance. Indeed, the fact that paragraph 7.1 of Practice
Direction 63 of the UK Civil Procedure Rules is in pari materia with O 87 A r
6 of the Rules of Court further enhances the persuasiveness of these English
decisions.

29 It has been observed that there is a “perennial tension” in the common law
discovery process, brought about by the attempt to achieve both justice and
efficiency (see Breezeway Overseas Ltd and another v UBS AG and others [2012]
4 SLR 1035 (“Breezeway”) at [20]). A particular instantiation of this tension
surfaces in patent litigation when discovery is sought for documents relating
to experiments. Experimental evidence may have significant probative value at
trial, and may even be accorded greater weight than the opinions of an expert
witness (see [19] above). It is therefore unsurprising that there is a
tendency for parties to indulge in “seemingly endless request[s] for the
absolutely complete picture”, even where there is limited reason to suppose
that there is anything of real relevance to be found in the material that has
yet to be disclosed (Magnesium Elektron at [113]). Put another way, there is a
tendency for parties to seek over-disclosure of documents relating to
experiments, with the discovery sought burgeoning beyond all proportion to the
case at hand. This quest for “full information” and “perfect justice” is one
that may ironically defeat justice itself (see, eg, Breezeway at [20] and
Nichia Corp v Argos Ltd [2007] EWCA Civ 741 at [51]).

30 A judicious balance therefore has to be struck in the discovery of
documents relating to experiments. On the one hand, it is critical to ensure
that a party has a fair opportunity to understand, consider and question the
experiments conducted by his opponent. On the other hand, it is just as
critical to ensure that his opponent is not put through an unnecessary,
disproportionate and oppressive discovery process, or unfairly deprived of the
protection accorded by the law of privilege. Beyond this broad calculus, it
may be difficult to find a formulaic answer that would ensure that a proper
balance is struck in every case. The difficulty in finding the right balance
is exacerbated by the fact that the principles relating to discovery and
privilege operate on different legal and conceptual planes. While both are
important elements that facilitate the fair administration of justice, they
address different concerns: the former seeks adequate disclosure to enhance
the rectitude of judicial decision-making, whereas the latter safeguards the
necessary conditions for effective legal representation (see, eg,
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific
Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and other appeals [2007] 2 SLR(R) 367 at
[23]–[25]).

Work-up experiments

31 I now return to the trio of UK Patents Court decisions. In my view, Mayne
Pharma disclosure applies specifically in the context of work-up experiments,
and most clearly so in the “inevitable result” and “completeness of data”
types of cases. The reasons for singling out these types of cases have been
amply expounded upon by Alexander QC in Magnesium Elektron (see [25] above).
The very nature of these types of cases supports the view that there should be
disclosure of the material in question, as well as the “implied” or
“consequential” waiver of privilege over such material. It is precisely in
these types of cases that Mayne Pharma disclosure would likely achieve the
balance mentioned at [30] above.

32 However, for cases falling outside these two types of cases, it is unclear
whether the balance will be appropriately struck through an order for Mayne
Pharma disclosure. A court should not be quick to assume that every request
for the discovery of work-up experiments ought to be granted as a matter of
course. Much will depend on the specific factual matrix of the case at hand;
and in this regard, Alexander QC’s call for a “more cautious and focused
approach” is a salutary one. In examining such requests, the court has to
carefully guard against the risk of making an order resulting in over-
disclosure or an unjustifiable encroachment on the protection afforded by the
law of privilege.

Abandoned experiments

33 In relation to abandoned experiments, I do not think that Electrolux has
been “overruled” by Mayne Pharma. While Pumfrey J expressed a preference for
the views of Jacob J in Honeywell (contra the views of Laddie J in
Electrolux), he expressly limited his views to the specific context of Mayne
Pharma, viz, work-up experiments (see [19] above). Furthermore, it is at least
implicit from Mayne Pharma, and more expressly recognised in Magnesium
Elektron, that the considerations in the context of work-up experiments may be
different from those in other experiments. Indeed, even within the context of
work-up experiments, Alexander QC observed that Mayne Pharma’s approach was to
be read restrictively, and would only be clearly applicable in certain types
of cases (see [25]–[26] above).

34 I would further observe that, in the context of abandoned experiments, the
concerns expressed by Laddie J remain compelling and firmly anchored upon the
well-established discovery principles of relevance and necessity. It ought to
be remembered that O 24 rr 1(2)(b) and 5(3)(b) of the Rules of Court only
compel a party to give discovery of documents which could adversely affect his
own case, adversely affect another party’s case, or support another party’s
case. In most situations, arguments for the discovery of abandoned experiments
would centre on the first or third categories (viz, that such experiments may
adversely affect a party’s own case, or support another party’s case).
However, as Laddie J pointed out, there are various possible reasons for which
experiments may be abandoned – for instance, the lack of clarity of the
experiment, the openness of the experiment to attack, the complexity involved
in explaining the experiment, etc (see [14(b)] above). Many of these reasons
may have nothing to do with adversely affecting a party’s own case, or
supporting another party’s case; or, in other words, documents relating to the
abandoned experiments may be irrelevant for the purposes of discovery.
Furthermore, even if O 24 rr 1(2)(b) or 5(3)(b) of the Rules of Court is
satisfied in relation to certain abandoned experiments, it must still be shown
that such discovery is necessary for the purposes of O 24 r 7 of the Rules of
Court.

35 It is also important to consider the dimension of privilege in the context
of abandoned experiments. This had not been dealt with in Honeywell and
Electrolux (see [20] and [23] above), although it ought to be noted that the
need to waive privilege appeared to be a factor motivating Laddie J’s decision
against ordering the disclosure of abandoned experiments (see [14(c)] above).
I would also reiterate the limited approach to the waiver of privilege in
relation to material that has not been deployed (see [26] above). In the
absence of any detailed submissions by the parties on the waiver of privilege
in relation to abandoned experiments, and in view of my decision in relation
to Request 6 (at [59]–[61] below), I limit my observations to the following.
The waiver of privilege ought to be approached more restrictively in the
context of abandoned experiments than in the context of work-up experiments.
Unlike work-up experiments which (by their very nature) relate directly to
material that has been deployed (viz, the experiments that are the subject of
the Notice of Experiments), abandoned experiments may have no direct relation
to deployed material.

Decision on the Experiment Requests

36 I turn now to address each of the five Experiment Requests.

Request 2

37 Request 2 seeks all documents relating to any experimental procedures
conducted on, machinery setup or test results of the Samples, whether or not
the Samples had come into the Plaintiff’s possession.

38 Defendant’s counsel acknowledged that Request 2 was broad, but argued that
it should be allowed. This was because the Technical Notes were mere summaries
of the experiments conducted, and were written by the Plaintiff’s employees
who must have had access to, or had sight of, the original and contemporaneous
reports of experiments conducted by the scientists as well as the raw data of
any in-house experiments. As such, the Defendant required all the base
material sought in Request 2 in order to develop a complete understanding of
the experiments that were conducted. In terms of specifics, Defendant’s
counsel pointed to documents relating to the calibration of the machinery used
in the conduct of experiments disclosed in the Plaintiff’s Notice of
Experiments. Defendant’s counsel contended that it was insufficient for the
Plaintiff to merely exhibit instrument manuals explaining the steps to be
taken for calibration; instead, the Defendant required documents setting out
the actual calibration of the machines by the person conducting the
experiments.

39 Plaintiff’s counsel raised two main contentions in resisting Request 2:

(a) First, the Notice of Experiments Regime allowed the opposing party to be
apprised of the experiments, and to decide how best to respond. If the
Defendant wished to object to the conduct of experiments in the Notice of
Experiments, then the Defendant ought to have requested for a repeat of those
experiments, failing which, it ought to be precluded from challenging the
conduct of the experiments (although it would remain open for the Defendant to
object to the experiments on other grounds such as the fact that the
experiments chosen were inappropriate to measure the characteristic in
question).

(b) Second, Request 2 was overly broad. In particular, Request 2 was not
limited to work-up experiments (which are the subject matter of Request 5),
and extended instead to documents relating to all experiments, whether or not
these documents have come within the Plaintiff’s possession.

40 In relation to Plaintiff’s counsel’s first contention, it ought to be noted
that the repetition of experiments is neither mandated, nor the only way an
opposing party can challenge an experiment at trial. As recognised in
Magnesium Elektron, even under the Notice of Experiments Regime, a party may
reasonably decide not to request a repeat of experiments, and choose instead
to criticise an experiment for not being sufficiently validated or probative
(Magnesium Elektron at [78]). In the present case, this is precisely what the
Defendant has opted to do. It should also be kept in mind that the parties had
previously unsuccessfully attempted to come to an agreement on a protocol for
experiments to be conducted on neutral samples, and the Plaintiff had in fact
withdrawn its application for the neutral samples. In the circumstances, it
does not appear practical to pursue the option of repeating the experiments in
the present case.

41 However, I agree with Plaintiff’s counsel’s second contention that Request
2 is overly broad ranging. Indeed, Request 2 appears to entirely subsume
Requests 3 to 6. While Defendant’s counsel has strenuously argued that all
experimental material relating to the Samples would be essential for the
trial, this appears – without more – to be an unjustifiable and
disproportionate attempt to leave no stone unturned.

42 There is, however, one limited aspect for which the Defendant has provided
sufficient justification to warrant further discovery. This is as regards the
documents concerning the actual calibration of the equipment in the conduct of
the experiments. While the Plaintiff has disclosed several instruction manuals
on calibration and has stated on affidavit that some of the calibrations were
done by a “reputable third party” (such as Laser Zentrum Hannover or the
University of Warwick), these explanations did not provide any insight as to
the actual calibration of the equipment for the purposes of the experiments in
the Notice of Experiments. Any errors in calibration may well produce
inaccurate data, which could result in the Samples being incorrectly found to
exhibit infringing characteristics. In fairness, the Plaintiff ought to
disclose these calibrations.

43 As such, I grant Request 2, limited only to documents relating to the
actual calibration done for the experiments described in the Plaintiff’s
Notice of Experiments.

Request 3

44 Request 3 seeks all documents relating to the standards or benchmarks
created as a result of any experiments, insofar as these standards or
benchmarks were used by or referred to in the Technical Notes.

45 Defendant’s counsel contended that Request 3 should be allowed because the
standards or benchmarks relied upon by the Plaintiff in its experiments were
not industry standard references. In Defendant’s counsel’s view, a non-
infringing sample may be wrongly considered to be infringing, if the wrong
standards or benchmarks were used, or if these the standards or benchmarks
were used inappropriately. As the Plaintiff intended to rely exclusively on
the Technical Notes as proof that the Samples infringed the Patents, the
Defendant required all base material that the Plaintiff’s employees had relied
upon in preparation of the Technical Notes.

46 Plaintiff’s counsel pointed out that the Plaintiff had already provided
explanations and responses to each standard or benchmark by way of affidavit
evidence. The standards or benchmarks may be categorised into two groups, as
follows:

(a) First, where the Technical Reports have already disclosed the relevant
information on the specified standard or benchmark. The Defendant has not
explained why additional documents were required given that the relevant
information was already found in the Technical Reports.

(b) Second, where the Plaintiff has already disclosed additional documents in
the affidavit filed to resist SUM 1654, relating to the specified standards or
benchmarks in question. For instance, the Plaintiff has stated in that
affidavit where the relevant information may be found, and exhibited the
relevant information as well.

47 The Plaintiff has further averred on affidavit that the evidence provided
was sufficient for a skilled person to understand the nature of the identified
standards or benchmarks, and how these were used to support the conclusions
advanced in the Technical Reports.

48 The Defendant’s response was that the information has been “reproduced in
the abstract and without context”, and as such the Defendant still required
“all documents relating to these standards and/or benchmarks”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

27th Affidavit of Mehta Vishal Jatin (dated 25 May 2018) at paragraph 33.

However, the Defendant did not go further to give examples of the alleged
inability to understand the explanations given, or to pinpoint what issue-
specific information it was seeking. Instead, Request 3 is a generally-worded
request for further documents on benchmarks and standards. This would not be
sufficient to justify an order for further discovery, given that the Plaintiff
has already provided affidavit explanations for each standard or benchmark
identified. In the circumstances, I see no basis for Request 3, and therefore
disallow the request.

Request 4

49 Request 4 contains two separate sub-requests relating to information
captured by the Metripol system.

Request 4(i) – data presented in PDF file

50 Request 4(i) seeks raw data documents on measurements taken by the Metripol
system in relation to the Samples. Defendant’s counsel contended that this
request should be allowed because the Plaintiff had disclosed “rows and rows
of data” that would originally have been in a 1025 x 1361 spreadsheet, but in
the form of a PDF file in A4 size. The columns and rows of the spreadsheet had
therefore been broken into different sections, causing the data to be
“truncated and undecipherable”. The Plaintiff had explained that the
conversion of the information into a PDF file was intended to make it “easier
to review” and “exhibit in affidavits”. The Plaintiff had also provided an
affidavit explanation on how the Defendant may use the information contained
in the PDF file to ascertain the requisite values for specified pixels.

51 In my view, the conversion of data to the PDF file has rendered the data
impossible to review. Even with the explanation provided by the Plaintiff in
relation to ascertaining the requisite value for specified pixels, the
proffered approach would be unworkable in practice because the explanation
allowed only for obtaining the value for a single specified pixel. It would be
impractical for the Defendant to use this approach in analysing the selected
area, which involves upwards of a million pixels. While the Plaintiff has
claimed that the Defendant would require specialised software to view the data
in its original format, this would not be a reason for withholding discovery
of the data in usable form. I therefore grant Request 4(i).

Request 4(ii) – coloured raw images of the Samples

52 Request 4(ii) seeks coloured raw images of the Samples that were captured
by the Metripol system. The Defendant’s main basis for this request is that a
comparison of two images of Sample 2 revealed that the images were slightly
different. In the Defendant’s view, there were only two possible explanations
for the difference: either the images were converted from coloured images to
greyscale images, or the images were taken by different Metripol measurements.

53 The Plaintiff’s affidavit evidence is that while the Metripol system is
capable of exporting the images either in coloured format or in black and
white, the Plaintiff had only received black and white versions of the images
from the University of Warwick. Furthermore, in relation to the difference in
the two images, the explanation provided in the Plaintiff’s submissions is
that both images of Sample 2 were of the same sample and of the same data,
albeit displayed in different ways.

54 I disallow Request 4(ii) in view that the Plaintiff had already disclosed
the images which it had received and relied upon, and also in view of the
explanation given as to the differences between the two images of Sample 2.
However, I order that the Plaintiff furnish the explanation on the differences
between the two images by way of an affidavit, as the explanation is currently
to be found only in the Plaintiff’s submissions.

Request 5

55 Request 5 seeks all documents relating to work-up experiments that were
used by, relied on or referred to in the Technical Notes. Mayne Pharma and
Magnesium Elektron are particularly relevant to this request.

56 Defendant’s counsel acknowledged that the Plaintiff had stated on affidavit
that there were “no other work-up experiments” 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

15th affidavit of Susan Jane Fletcher Watts (dated 30 April 2018) at paragraph
80.

apart from those already disclosed in the Technical Notes. However,
Defendant’s counsel contended that this was a misleading averment, because the
Plaintiff actually meant that the work-up experiments were “mentioned” (contra
“disclosed”) in the Technical Notes, and such mere “mention” was inadequate
for the Defendant to understand the work-up experiments in question.
Defendant’s counsel argued that without disclosure of the preparatory or
intermediary steps, the Defendant would not have a full understanding of the
experiments conducted by the Plaintiff, and would not be able to prepare its
evidence against the Plaintiff’s claim of infringement. As such, on the
authority of Mayne Pharma and Magnesium Elektron, the Defendant sought the
discovery of all documents relating to the work-up experiments.

57 Plaintiff’s counsel raised two arguments:

(a) First, the Technical Reports were detailed documents that discussed the
various experimental procedures and results in relation to the Samples. Given
that the Plaintiff had averred on affidavit that all the work-up experiments
were already discussed in the Technical Reports, the Plaintiff had prima facie
fulfilled its Mayne Pharma disclosure obligations.

(b) Second, the present case falls outside the types of cases for which Mayne
Pharma disclosure is more easily and clearly applicable. In this regard, it is
insufficient for the Defendant to simply argue that because the Plaintiff had
filed the Notice of Experiments, the Plaintiff must give discovery of all
work-up experiments. Instead, the Defendant must show that the work-up
experiments constitute the necessary context within which the experiments in
the Notice of Experiments are to be assessed, without which there will be a
misunderstanding or misconstruing of the experiments in the Notice of
Experiments.

58 The deployment of a document (such as the Notice of Experiments) does not,
in and of itself, “automatically open a floodgate to a wide destruction of
privilege” (Magnesium Elektron at [47]). Thus far, the Defendant has merely
made sweeping statements that it would be prejudiced in its preparation for
trial if Request 5 is not granted, without demonstrating with any specificity
as to why the documents sought are relevant and necessary for the Defendant to
understand the experiments in the Plaintiff’s Notice of Experiments. In this
regard, it ought to be noted that none of the cases cited to me support an
order for specific discovery of work-up experiments being made simply on the
back of a sweeping averment that more information is needed. Without cogent
and specific reasons for the discovery sought, and without compelling
arguments on why privilege ought to be waived in relation to these documents,
I do not think that the balance (see [30] above) would be achieved by ordering
the discovery of documents in Request 5. This is so, notwithstanding the fact
that Request 5 specifically relates to work-up experiments. I therefore
disallow Request 5.

Request 6

59 Request 6 seeks all documents relating to abandoned experiments that were
conducted on the Samples. Defendant’s counsel clarified by way of oral
submissions that Request 6 related to documents which fall outside of Request
5, and that these documents have nothing to do with the Technical Notes.

60 In relation to Request 6, Defendant’s counsel argued that the Plaintiff
ought to disclose all abandoned experiments regardless of the reasons for
abandonment. In Defendant’s counsel’s view, it was insufficient for the
Plaintiff to aver that it did not abandon any experiments “simply because the
results were undesirable”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

15th affidavit of Susan Jane Fletcher Watts (dated 30 April 2018) at paragraph
83.

61 The legal principles relating to abandoned experiments has been discussed
at [33]–[35] above. In relation to Request 6, the Plaintiff has filed an
affidavit averring that no experiment had been abandoned simply because the
experiments engendered results undesirable to the Plaintiff. The Defendant has
not provided any compelling reason to cast doubt on this averment, and has
instead simply argued that it wished to have sight of all abandoned
experiments, regardless of the reasons for which the experiments were
abandoned. Such a broad and sweeping argument provides little basis for
determining that Request 6 is relevant and necessary. It is also a request for
the discovery of documents which may be protected by privilege, without good
justification for why privilege ought to be waived in the circumstances of the
present case. I therefore disallow Request 6.

Conclusion

62 For the foregoing reasons, I grant Request 2 (limited only to documents
relating to the actual calibration done for the experiments described in the
Plaintiff’s Notice of Experiments) and Request 4(i). I disallow Request 4(ii),
but order that the Plaintiff furnish an explanation on affidavit in relation
to the reasons for the difference between the two images of Sample 2. I
disallow Requests 3, 5 and 6 in their entirety.

63 In closing, I echo the observation in Magnesium Elektron that – at least in
relation to the discovery of experiments and experimental material in the
context of patent litigation – there is much value to be found in requiring
parties to seek “issue-specific information”, rather than engaging in
interlocutory battles seeking the specific discovery of broad classes of
documents. This is particularly so in patent disputes (such as the present)
which involve a massive and complex universe of information relating to
experiments and experimental material. In such cases, a movement towards the
seeking and provision of “issue-specific information” may well present the
surest step towards achieving a judicious balance: between a party’s ability
to understand, consider and question his opponent’s experiments on the one
hand, and the burden placed upon his opponent to give discovery of
(privileged) material on the other.

64 The present case provides some illustrations of the importance of
specificity in seeking information, particularly in relation to the limited
granting of Request 2 (see [43]–[44] above) and the rejection of Requests 3
and 5 (see [48] and [58] above). Had the requests for further discovery been
more focused and targeted at specific issues, the Defendant may have had a
more compelling case for further discovery to be ordered.

65 I will hear parties on costs.

Justin Yeo  
Assistant Registrar

Mr Jason Chan, Mr Melvin Pang and Mr Nicholas Ong  
(Amica Law LLC) for the Plaintiff;  
Mr Tony Yeo, Ms Meryl Koh and Mr Javier Yeo  
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the Defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

