Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 18

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9239 of 2017

Between

| Tang Ling Lee  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Benchmark sentences]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tang Ling Lee

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2018] SGHC 18

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9239 of 2017  
See Kee Oon J  
17 October; 29 November 2017

25 January 2018

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the sentence of imprisonment in respect of a
charge of causing grievous hurt by a negligent act which endangered human
life, an offence under s 338(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). The
charge read as follows:

You…..are charged that on 16 September 2016 at or about 9.06 p.m., at the
signalized junction of Ang Mo Kio Avenue 8 and Ang Mo Kio Avenue 5, Singapore,
being the driver of motor car SJM3906E, did cause grievous hurt to one
Vikaramen S/O A Elangovan, a male Indian aged 27 years old (“Vikaramen”), who
was the rider of motorcycle FBH4147T, by doing an act so negligent as to
endanger human life, to wit, by failing to keep a proper look out while making
a right turn at the signalized junction in the direction of Ang Mo Kio Ave 5,
thereby colliding into the said motorcycle, which was travelling from your
opposite direction along Ang Mo Kio Ave 8 towards Bishan Road, thereby causing
grievous bodily injuries to Vikaramen such as multiple fractures, and you have
thereby committed an offence punishable under section 338(b) of the Penal
Code, Chapter 224.

2 The appellant pleaded guilty to the charge in the proceedings below and was
sentenced to one week’s imprisonment. She was also disqualified from driving
or obtaining a licence to drive all classes of vehicles for two years with
effect from 26 July 2017, the date of conviction. Dissatisfied, the appellant
appealed against the sentence imposed. The appellant stated, however, that she
was only appealing against the one-week imprisonment term imposed and not the
disqualification order.

3 After hearing submissions from the parties, I dismissed the appeal. I
delivered a brief oral judgment in doing so. These are the full grounds of my
decision.

The facts

4 On 16 September 2016, the appellant was driving with her two young children
in the car at about 9.06 pm. She had made a right turn while driving her
vehicle along Ang Mo Kio Avenue 8 towards Ang Mo Kio Avenue 6. This was a
major traffic junction. The weather and road conditions were normal and
traffic was light. The appellant’s vehicle was on the second lane, which
permitted vehicles to turn right into Ang Mo Kio Avenue 6 as well as head
straight. The only vehicle approaching from the opposite side of the road at
the time was the victim’s motorcycle. He was riding straight along Ang Mo Kio
Avenue 8 on the innermost left lane and the traffic lights were green in his
favour.

5 Unfortunately, the appellant did not keep a proper lookout and made no
effort to check for oncoming vehicles before executing the right turn. She did
not stop at the right turning pocket to look out for oncoming traffic in the
opposite direction. The green traffic signal for turning traffic at the
junction had not lit up in her favour although the traffic lights were showing
green for vehicles proceeding straight. As she executed the right turn, she
collided into the victim who had the right of way. According to the Statement
of Facts (“SOF”), the front right portion of her car collided into the front
left portion of the victim’s motorcycle. The victim’s motorcycle skidded and
the victim was thrown a short distance away and was injured as a result. The
appellant stopped her car and rendered assistance to the victim.

6 The victim suffered serious injuries, including multiple fractures, and he
had to undergo 12 surgeries in the span of two months. He was hospitalised for
69 days in all at Tan Tock Seng Hospital (“TTSH”) after the accident. Upon his
discharge from TTSH, he was given 180 days’ hospitalisation leave. A medical
report prepared by Dr Christopher Fang of the TTSH Department of Orthopaedic
Surgery stated that the victim was found to have sustained the following
injuries:

(a) Right open calcaneal fracture with lacerated posterior tibial artery (ie,
heel bone area);

(b) Right 4th and 5th metatarsal fracture (ie, foot bones);

(c) Left scaphoid fracture (ie, near the wrist bone);

(d) C6 pedicle fracture (ie, along the cervical spine); and

(e) Left little finger proximal interphalangeal joint fracture.

The proceedings below

7 The appellant was subsequently charged for an offence under s 338(b) of the
Penal Code and pleaded guilty in the court below. As I noted above, the
District Judge sentenced the appellant to a one-week imprisonment term and a
two-year disqualification order. The District Judge’s grounds of decision is
reported at Public Prosecutor v Tang Ling Lee [2017] SGDC 216 (“the GD”).

8 In setting out his grounds, the District Judge began by observing that, even
though there might be indications of a shift in the sentencing trend towards
more custodial sentences being meted out for s 338(b) offences, the default
position was not necessarily a jail term. The appropriate sentence had to be
assessed based on the circumstances of each case.

9 In arriving at the eventual sentence imposed, the District Judge considered
the appellant’s culpability and harm caused to the victim to be aggravating
factors. The District Judge held that the appellant’s culpability was high
even though she was not speeding. He observed that, in terms of the oncoming
traffic, the victim’s motorcycle was the only vehicle travelling towards her
and it had its headlight on. Visibility was fair. While the traffic light was
green in the appellant’s favour when she approached the signalised junction,
the right-turn green arrow was not lit. It was clear to the District Judge
that the collision would not have occurred had the appellant not been
negligent in her driving. Furthermore, the appellant’s choice to proceed with
a right turn despite the knowledge of something coming her way “bordered on
rashness” (at [14] of the GD). The District Judge considered also that the
harm caused was serious in the light of the victim’s severe injuries, the
number of surgeries the victim had to undergo, the duration of his hospital
stay and the length of his medical leave.

10 The District Judge noted further a number of mitigating factors in the
appellant’s favour:

(a) The appellant’s clean driving record for over 20 years;

(b) The fact that the incident was a one-off aberration on the appellant’s
part;

(c) The fact that the appellant was not speeding at the time of the offence;
and

(d) The appellant’s remorse, her timely plea of guilt and her concern over the
victim’s condition after the accident.

11 In the premises, the District Judge considered that a sentence of a one-
week imprisonment term and a two-year disqualification order was appropriate
in all the circumstances.

The appeal

12 On appeal, the only issue was whether or not the sentence of one week’s
imprisonment was manifestly excessive.

13 The appellant argued that a fine was appropriate on the facts of this case.
The primary submission on behalf of the appellant was that she had suffered a
momentary and unfortunate lapse of attention and thus her culpability was
diminished. She had mistaken the motorcyclist’s headlight for a street light.
She was not rash but merely negligent and would not have consciously put
herself and her two children who were with her in the car at risk of danger.
The contention that the appellant was not rash but merely negligent appears to
have been made in response to the District Judge’s observation that her
conduct “bordered on rashness” (at [14] of the GD, cited above at [9]). This
is a point which deserves some attention, and which I will return to in a
later part of this grounds of decision (at [40]–[41] below).

14 The respondent in turn defended the sentence of one week’s imprisonment
imposed below. The respondent’s primary contention was that the appellant’s
culpability was high as she had completely failed to notice the victim
approaching, and the considerable injuries sustained by the victim signalled
that substantial harm was caused as a result.

My decision

The sentencing precedents

15 A survey of the sentencing precedents cited by counsel for the appellant
showed that fines had previously been imposed for a number of s 338(b)
offences involving road traffic cases. I shall highlight some of these cases.

16 One of the cases cited was my decision in Lee-Teh Har Eng v Public
Prosecutor (Magistrate’s Appeal 9099 of 2016) (“Lee-Teh Har Eng”). In that
case, the appellant had made a right turn without stopping her vehicle at the
white line and when the green arrow light at the traffic-controlled junction
had not lit up in her favour. As a result, she collided into an oncoming
motorcyclist who had the right of way. The motorcyclist sustained an open
fracture of the tibia and fibula of the right leg, as well as a left distal
radius fracture. He was given seven months and nine days’ medical leave as a
result of the accident. The appellant was sentenced to one week’s imprisonment
and three years’ disqualification at first instance. On appeal, I held that
the one-week custodial term was not warranted on the facts of that case and
substituted it with a sentence of one day’s imprisonment and the maximum fine
of $5,000.

17 Similarly, in the case of Public Prosecutor v Ong Poh Chuan (Magistrate’s
Arrest Case No 906872 of 2015), the accused had approached a non-signalised
junction, slowed down but did not stop at the stop line. He proceeded to drive
across the junction and failed to notice the victim’s car. Their vehicles
collided and the victim’s car veered to the right, mounted the centre divider
and collided into a tree. As a result of the injuries suffered by the victim,
he was unconscious for six days and was subsequently given 131 days of medical
leave after his discharge. The sentence in that case was a fine of $3,500 and
a 12-month disqualification.

18 In another case, Public Prosecutor v Chua Che Beng (Magistrate’s Arrest
Case No 902750 of 2015), the accused made a right turn and collided into the
victim, who was walking across the pedestrian crossing. As a result of the
accident, the victim sustained bleeding in the brain with a likely skull base
fracture and a fracture on her right clavicle. She was warded for 142 days.
The sentence in that case was a fine of $5,000 and a four-year
disqualification.

19 On the other hand, it is also possible to locate other recent (ie,
post-2014) s 338(b) case precedents from the Sentencing Information & Research
Repository where short custodial sentences of one to two weeks’ imprisonment
were imposed. These cases were however not cited in the course of the hearing
before me. In Public Prosecutor v Han Peck Hoe [2014] SGDC 58, for example,
the accused made an unauthorised U-turn and collided into two victims, both of
whom were crossing the road. One of them was knocked onto the road while the
other was caught under the accused’s vehicle. Both victims sustained fractures
as a result of the accident, and one of whom was warded for 56 days. In that
case, the accused was sentenced to a one-week imprisonment term and a three-
year disqualification order.

20 In another case, Public Prosecutor v Ishak Bin Ismail (Magistrate’s Arrest
Case No 901086 of 2015), the accused failed to keep a proper lookout while
negotiating a right turn and collided into a motorcycle which was travelling
straight across the traffic junction. The motorcyclist and his pillion
sustained multiple fractures and had to undergo a number of surgeries as a
result of the accident. One of the victims had to have his right leg amputated
below the knee. The sentence in that case was a two-week imprisonment term and
a three-year disqualification.

21 Similarly, in Public Prosecutor v Tan Cheng Lee (Magistrate’s Arrest Case
No 908397 of 2014), the accused while driving collided into the rear of a
motorcycle which was waiting to turn right at a traffic junction, causing the
victim to sustain serious injuries and be warded for 12 days. The accused was
sentenced to a 10-day imprisonment term and a three-year disqualification.

22 The sentencing precedents therefore suggest that the same offence with
ostensibly fairly similar or even less aggravating facts had attracted a fine
in some instances but a custodial sentence in others. I noted the absence of
written grounds of decision for most of the precedents set out above. This was
because these decisions were not appealed against and thus only case summaries
were available for reference. While case summaries can be helpful in sketching
a broad view of relevant sentencing trends, they are of less assistance where
the sentencing trend does not appear to be consistent, as the summaries would
not fully disclose details of the facts and relevant aggravating and
mitigating circumstances of each case with sufficient clarity to enable
meaningful comparisons or distinctions to be drawn. The primary inference
would simply appear to be that the sentencing practice for road traffic cases
in which the offender was charged under s 338(b) of the Penal Code lacked
sufficient coherence and consistency. This appeared to be so even where only
the more recent precedents were taken into account. In the premises, I did not
feel constrained to adhere to any one among the various precedents.

23 Since there were no High Court sentencing precedents on road traffic cases
for which the offender was convicted under s 338(b) of the Penal Code (or at
any rate, no fully reasoned judgments were cited to me, leaving aside Lee-Teh
Har Eng), it would be useful to provide some guidance in the form of a basic
analytical framework outlining presumptive sentencing ranges for such
offences, which might help foster more consistency and predictability in this
area of sentencing practice.

The applicable sentencing framework for road traffic cases under s 338(b) of
the Penal Code

24 Due to the potentially wide variety of circumstances which may disclose an
offence under s 338(b) of the Penal Code, I emphasise that the suggested
sentencing framework set out in this judgment is intended to apply only to
road traffic cases. It is not intended to cover cases of grievous hurt arising
from negligent acts in other contexts. For instance, s 338(b) may be used to
deal with cases involving “killer litter”, and the starting point in
sentencing for such cases where grievous hurt is caused by negligence ought to
be a substantial custodial term given the degree of culpability and harm
occasioned.

Assessing harm and culpability

25 The suggested sentencing framework comprises three broad sentencing bands,
within which the severity of an offence and hence the appropriate sentence to
be imposed may be determined on the basis of (a) the harm caused by the
offence and (b) the culpability of the offender. In the context of s 338(b)
offences, the degree of harm caused would generally refer to the nature and
degree of the grievous bodily injury caused to the victim(s). The degree of
culpability would generally refer to the degree of relative blameworthiness
disclosed by an offender’s actions, and is measured chiefly in relation to the
extent and manner of the offender’s involvement in the criminal act (ie, the
manner of driving).

26 A key ingredient of a s 338(b) offence is that the negligent act must have
endangered human life or personal safety. The fact that grievous bodily injury
has been caused is itself indicative that the harm occasioned to the victim is
not slight or minor. In this regard, the period of hospitalisation leave or
medical leave would be a relevant consideration insofar as it represents a
medical professional’s opinion as to the length of time required for treatment
of the injuries and for the victim to resume his daily activities.
Nevertheless, the period of hospitalisation or medical leave is a rough-and-
ready proxy for the severity of the victim’s injuries at best, as the
assessment of time required for treatment and subsequent recovery may vary
from case to case and may also depend on an interplay of various other
circumstances, including the opinion of the medical professional as well as
the personal characteristics of the victim.

27 In Public Prosecutor v Aw Tai Hock [2017] 5 SLR 1141, the High Court stated
(at [37]–[40]) that the factors that affect culpability for dangerous driving
offences under s 64(1) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed) would
generally include:

(a) The manner of driving ie, how dangerous the driving was and the extent of
danger to road users posed by the offender’s conduct;

(b) The circumstances of driving which might have increased the danger to road
users during the incident; and

(c) The offender’s reasons for driving.

28 I consider that the first two factors in particular are also relevant to s
338(b) offences. In relation to the manner of driving, some examples of
situations where culpability would be increased include speeding, drink-
driving, sleepy driving, driving while under the influence of drugs, driving
while using a mobile phone, flouting traffic rules, driving against the flow
of traffic or off the road, involvement in a car chase or a racing
competition, or exhibiting poor control of his vehicle. These examples are
largely drawn from cases such as Edwin s/o Suse Nathen v Public Prosecutor
[2013] 4 SLR 1139 (“Suse Nathen”) (at [27]); Public Prosecutor v Hue An Li
[2014] 4 SLR 661 (“Hue An Li”) (at [82]–[92]); Public Prosecutor v Koh Thiam
Huat [2017] 4 SLR 1099 (at [41]); and Stansilas Fabian Kester v Public
Prosecutor [2017] 5 SLR 755 (at [56]). These circumstances in relation to the
offender’s manner of driving are aggravating due to the increased danger to
road users posed by such conduct.

29 Second, the circumstances surrounding the incident should also be taken
into account. This would include instances where the offender drives without a
licence or while under disqualification. In Suse Nathen (at [28]), it was
considered that there may be increased risk where the offender drives: (a)
during rush hours when the volume of traffic is heavy; (b) within a
residential or school zone; (c) a heavy vehicle that is more difficult to
control and requires a quicker reaction time; or (d) where he intends to
travel a substantial distance to reach his destination. These circumstances
may heighten the danger posed to road users.

30 Where some of the culpability-increasing factors arise, it is of course
entirely possible and indeed likely that additional charges may be preferred
and proceeded with. In such circumstances, the respective sentences upon
conviction ought to be calibrated as appropriate, avoiding loading or double-
counting of the culpability-increasing factors.

31 Bearing the above considerations in mind, the following presumptive
sentencing ranges apply where the accused claims trial:

Category| Circumstances| Presumptive Sentencing Range  
---|---|---  
1| Lesser harm and lower culpability| Fines  
2| Greater harm and lower culpabilityOrLesser harm and higher culpability| One
to two weeks’ imprisonment  
3| Greater harm and higher culpability| More than two weeks’ imprisonment  
  
32 In sentencing an offender for a road traffic case under s 338(b) of the
Penal Code, therefore, the court should undertake a two-step inquiry:

(a) First, the court should identify the sentencing band within which the
offence in question falls, and also where the particular case falls within the
applicable presumptive sentencing range, having regard to the twin
considerations of harm and culpability, in order to derive the starting point
sentence.

(b) Second, further adjustments should then be made to take into account the
relevant mitigating and aggravating factors, which may take the eventual
sentence out of the applicable presumptive sentencing range.

Examples of relevant mitigating factors may include an offender’s timely plea
of guilt, stopping to render assistance to the victim(s), a good driving
record, and evidence of remorse. Relevant aggravating factors, on the other
hand, may include efforts to avoid detection or apprehension and the existence
of similar antecedents, which are indicative of persistent or prolonged bad
driving.

33 As I had observed in Public Prosecutor v Ganesan Sivasankar [2017] 5 SLR
681 (at [57]), presumptive sentencing ranges are merely starting points which
seek to guide the exercise of sentencing discretion, and are not rigid or
immutable anchors. In the final analysis, the appropriate sentence to be
imposed will be the product of a fact-sensitive exercise of discretion, taking
into account all the circumstances of the case. For avoidance of doubt, an
appropriate period of disqualification should also be ordered.

Category 1

34 Category 1, which prescribes fines as the presumptive sentence, would cover
cases where both the harm and the accused’s culpability are at the lower end
of the spectrum. In these instances, culpability-increasing factors would
either be absent altogether or present only to a very limited extent, thus
suggesting negligence to be at the lowest end of the spectrum. The harm
occasioned to the victim(s) would generally be characterised by the lack of
very serious or permanent injuries. This is often reflected in the victim
having undergone a relatively brief duration of hospitalisation and medical
leave (or none at all) and minimal surgical procedures (if any).

Category 2

35 Category 2 comprises offences of a higher level of seriousness. These are
usually cases where (a) the harm is at the lower end of the spectrum but the
culpability of the offender is moderate to high; or (b) the harm is serious
but the culpability of the offender remains low. The presumptive sentencing
range for cases falling under this category is one to two weeks’ imprisonment.
Where there are two or more culpability-increasing factors or injuries of a
more serious or permanent nature and/or which necessitate significant surgical
procedures, the offence would generally fall into Category 2.

Category 3

36 Category 3 would cover the most serious road traffic cases that give rise
to offences under s 338(b) of the Penal Code, where there are both serious
injuries and a moderate to high degree of culpability. A case falling within
the Category 3 sentencing band would usually feature at least two culpability-
increasing factors and injuries of a very serious or permanent nature and/or
which necessitate significant surgical procedures. In this connection, serious
long-term injuries occasioned to the victim, such as loss of limb, sight or
hearing or paralysis in particular, would generally attract the sentencing
band in Category 3.

Application to the facts

37 In the light of the sentencing framework above, I turn to explain my
decision to affirm the sentence of one week’s imprisonment which was imposed
by the District Judge below.

38 In my judgment, this case turned heavily on how the facts were perceived
and understood. This cannot be a wholly subjective exercise and I was assisted
considerably by the footage captured in the video recording (“the video”) from
the appellant’s in-vehicle camera. The video allowed for objective
confirmation of various crucial points. First, the appellant was not driving
at a fast speed when executing the right turn. Second, the victim was
evidently not speeding either as he headed towards her. He made a belated
attempt to avoid a collision with the appellant’s vehicle when it became
apparent that she was going to collide into him.

39 The appellant claimed in her written mitigation that she mistook the
motorcycle’s headlight for a street light “due to the lighting condition”. The
District Judge dismissed her claim as being illogical and “highly improbable”.
Like the District Judge, I was unable to accept that she could have been
confused in this manner. I should add that the video is not a reliable
reference for this aspect. It was evident that the intensity of the glare from
the victim’s oncoming headlight and even the colours of the traffic, street
and vehicle lights were visibly distorted in the recording, which was captured
off what appeared to be a computer monitor.

40 The District Judge stated further that the appellant’s conduct “bordered on
rashness” and her culpability was high even though she was not speeding. This
observation, however, appeared to have conflated the distinction between
“rashness” and “negligence”. In Hue An Li, the three-Judge panel of the High
Court had clarified that these are dichotomous concepts (at [40]). As opposed
to the non-dichotomous interpretation under which the concepts of “negligence”
and “rashness” merely represent different levels of culpability on a single
continuum, under the dichotomous interpretation, “negligence” and “rashness”
demarcate separate offences with different starting points for sentencing.
This would mean that a conviction under the “rash” limb might, in some
situations, carry a more lenient sentence than a conviction under the
“negligent” limb. In giving effect to the dichotomous interpretation of the
two concepts as elucidated in Hue An Li, courts should therefore be careful to
avoid terminology such as “negligence bordering on rashness”, which appear to
be derived from older cases such as PP v Poh Teck Huat [2003] 2 SLR(R) 299
that, at least at the sentencing stage, subscribed to the non-dichotomous
interpretation.

41 In the instant case, it was clear from the District Judge’s GD that his
observation that the appellant’s conduct “bordered on rashness” was meant
simply to convey his view of the moderate to high level of culpability on her
part. It would be prudent to assess the appellant’s culpability solely on the
negligence scale, which, after all, reflected the charge as framed against
her. In this connection, I noted that the appellant had not stopped at the
junction at all but had chosen to proceed with the turn without any apparent
regard for traffic that might reasonably be expected to be travelling on that
same road. The video showed that the appellant, while not driving fast, had
swerved fairly abruptly from her turning lane into the outer turning pocket as
she proceeded to move across the junction, barely seconds before the
motorcyclist was about to cross the junction as well. She had completely
failed to keep a proper lookout, and thus failed to notice him approaching the
junction. Her culpability would thus be properly assessed as having made the
decision to proceed with the right turn without paying heed at all to possible
oncoming traffic that had the right of way.

42 Indeed, by the appellant’s own admission, she had failed to notice the
victim’s oncoming motorcycle even though its headlight was on. She did not
offer any plausible explanation for her failure beyond her claim that she had
mistaken the motorcycle’s headlight for the street light. Objectively, it was
quite inconceivable that a motorist in the appellant’s position could have
failed to see the motorcycle if he or she had kept a proper lookout. It was
equally inconceivable that she had mistaken the motorcycle headlight for a
street light and had been confused.

43 The inescapable inference in my view, therefore, was that the appellant had
paid absolutely no attention to whether there was any oncoming traffic before
executing the right turn. In all likelihood, either her attention was diverted
elsewhere or she had exercised appallingly poor judgment. The former
explanation was more likely; her inattention would explain why her manner of
driving in executing the right turn appeared to be unhurried and almost
leisurely. She did not bother to stop or even slow down at the junction to
check if it was safe to proceed with the turn. Moreover, she did not seem to
have found it necessary to take evasive action of any sort until far too late,
when the motorcyclist was barely metres away.

44 All these observations, taken together with the appellant’s admitted
failure to notice the victim, led me to agree with the District Judge’s
assessment. She had simply not bothered to look out for oncoming traffic.
Consequently, she was wholly oblivious to the victim’s presence on the road,
until it was too late for her to react appropriately. It would appear that if
she had exercised better judgment, she could still have applied emergency
brake in the circumstances, but she somehow chose to instead proceed ahead
without paying any attention to the traffic conditions.

45 In my judgment, her culpability that was reflected in her manner of driving
was properly assessed to be on the moderate to high side. Taking into account
the substantial injuries occasioned to the victim, I considered this case to
fall in the lower end of the Category 3 sentencing band.

46 With respect, the appellant’s attempt to rely on my decision in Lee-Teh Har
Eng was wholly misconceived. I had made it quite clear when delivering my oral
judgment that my decision in that case turned on its very unique and
exceptional facts. I accepted that the appellant in that case was genuinely
confused, distracted and disoriented while driving in an unfamiliar set of
road conditions and facing an unusual traffic signal setting, where the
signalised junction was not programmed to show any red or amber traffic light
signals. In that instance, taking into account the culpability of the
appellant as I described, together with the harm occasioned to the victim (see
above at [16]), a fine was appropriate in all the circumstances. In the
present case, by contrast, the accident occurred at a major traffic junction
in Ang Mo Kio with no peculiarities whatsoever in the traffic signal settings.
The appellant was apparently also not unfamiliar with the route, as she was
driving home to Sengkang from her mother’s place of residence in Ang Mo Kio
Ave 3. Moreover, no other vehicle was coming her way apart from the victim’s
motorcycle.

47 I hasten to reiterate what may be a fairly obvious point: every instance of
negligent driving will almost invariably involve a momentary and unfortunate
lapse of attention. In Lee-Teh Har Eng, I found that the nature of the lapse
had to be properly situated within the exceptional factual context of that
case. Thus the decision (and my observation) was always intended to be
confined to its facts. By no means did it purport to lay down a prescriptive
statement of general principle that would justify a more lenient approach
towards every case of negligent driving. The appropriate outcome remains fact-
specific.

48 It was also somewhat troubling that the appellant appeared to have sought
to strenuously downplay her culpability in her appeal through her Member of
Parliament (“MP”). The MP’s appeal letter dated 18 April 2017 was sent on her
behalf to the State Courts, and it records that she had only “accidentally
brushed a motorcyclist resulting in the motorcyclist sustaining some
injuries”. These statements are regrettably misleading if they correctly
reflect what she had conveyed to the MP. They are also not consistent with the
SOF that she had admitted to. It would appear that they sought to unfairly
trivialise the accident and diminish the true extent of the victim’s
substantial injuries.

49 Finally, I accepted that the appellant had pleaded guilty and shown
remorse, and had also had an unblemished driving record for over 20 years. She
had stopped to render assistance to the victim. These mitigating factors
warranted a lower sentence than an imprisonment term of above two weeks as
suggested in the Category 3 sentencing band. However, they did not outweigh
the need for a custodial sentence given the considerable extent of harm
occasioned and her level of culpability, which was at least within the
moderate to high range. On my assessment of the present case and the
circumstances as a whole, I saw no reason to differ from the District Judge’s
views as to the appropriate sentence.

Conclusion

50 In conclusion, I agreed with the District Judge that a term of one week’s
imprisonment was warranted on the facts. I therefore dismissed the appeal
against sentence. The disqualification order of two years covering all classes
of vehicles was also to remain.

See Kee Oon  
Judge

Tan Wen Cheng Adrian and Janus Low (M/s August Law Corporation) for the
appellant;  
Houston Johannus (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

