Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 152

Suit No 610 of 2013

Between

Kalzip Asia Pte Ltd

… Plaintiff

And

BFG International Ltd

… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Contract] — [Breach]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Kalzip Asia Pte Ltd

  
v

  

BFG International Ltd

[2018] SGHC 152

High Court — Suit No 610 of 2013  
Quentin Loh J  
15–17, 22–24, 28–31 March, 1 April, 3–5 October 2016, 21 March 2017; 10 April
2017

29 June 2018 Judgment reserved.

Quentin Loh J:

Introduction

1 Suit No 610 of 2013 (“the Suit”) arises from a dispute between a contractor
and a sub-contractor over alleged defects in architectural rain screen roof
panels (hereafter the “GRP panels”) that had been installed on the Marina Bay
Sands Integrated Resort Development (“the Development”). The GRP panels were
constructed of glass fibre-reinforced skins that enveloped an aluminium
honeycomb. The dispute centred first on whether and to what extent the bottom
or lower skins (hereafter the “inner skins”) of the GRP panels had
“delaminated” (ie, come apart) from the aluminium honeycomb, and secondly,
whether the GRP panels met the fire safety requirements of the contract.

2 One unusual feature of this case is that, unlike the usual construction
disputes, there is not a single photograph showing a GRP panel with a
delaminated inner skin. Nor is there any direct evidence, such as a GRP panel
with its inner skin delaminated, preserved for viewing. Instead, I have had
numerous test reports placed before me to “prove” inner skin delamination had
occurred, as well as factual and expert witnesses describing sounds emanating
from the GRP panel when it was walked upon, “sponginess” when stepped upon, or
coring which produced samples with inner skins of the sample core fully or
partially delaminated or fully intact. Based on this evidence, I am asked to
conclude, on a balance of probabilities, whether delamination of the inner
skins occurred. (As for the core samples, the plaintiff no longer relies on
them as evidence of delamination.)

3 Having considered the evidence before me and the parties’ submissions, I
dismiss the plaintiff’s claim. My reasons for so doing and my key findings are
set out at [451] below.

Facts

The contract between the parties

4 The plaintiff, Kalzip Asia Pte Ltd (“Kalzip”) (previously known as Corus
Building Systems Pte Ltd), is a limited private company established under the
laws of Singapore. It is a subsidiary of Kalzip Business Unit, which was part
of the Distribution and Building Systems Division within the Corus Group, now
part of Tata Steel Europe Ltd (“Tata Steel”). It carries on the business of,
inter alia, manufacturing, processing, importing, exporting and storing
aluminium roofing and wall cladding systems.

5 The defendant, BFG International Limited (“BFG”), is a company incorporated
in the Kingdom of Bahrain and in the business of manufacturing fibre-
reinforced composite products. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents (“ABD”) A, Tab 1 (Statement of Claim (Amendment No
2)) at paras 1–2; Tab 23 (Defendant’s Lead Counsel Statement) at pp 4–5.

These products are used for a wide variety of purposes, such as aircraft
components, airport counters, railcar and aircraft toilet modules, storage
tanks and building cladding. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 3.

6 On 28 May 2008, Kalzip signed a Trade Contract with Marina Bay Sands Pte Ltd
(“MBS”), the owner and developer of the Development. MBS hired Kalzip as a
Trade Contractor to provide a roofing system (“the Kalzip Roofing System”) for
podium roof finishes works for three buildings in the Development, namely, the
Meetings, Incentives, Conventions and Exhibitions (“MICE”), the theatre and
the casino buildings. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ABD A, Tab 23 (Defendant’s Lead Counsel Statement), p 5.

These works comprised two curved roofing sections (each primarily comprising a
weather-tight aluminium standing-seam roofing system) separated by a vertical
clerestory. The upper section of the Kalzip Roofing System was to be overlain
by architectural rain screen panels which were to be attached to a support
rail system which was in turn fixed to the underlying Kalzip Roofing System. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ABD A 5 at paras 6–7.

I hereafter refer to the works pertaining to the Kalzip Roofing System as “the
Project”. The value of Kalzip’s contract with MBS was S$28,709,317. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ABD 1L 143 at para 20.

7 Pursuant to a Sub-Contract dated 28 August 2008, Kalzip engaged BFG to
supply glass-reinforced plastic-faced aluminium panels at the cost of
S$4,927,500 for the Project. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ABD A 12 at para 27.

GRP panels are a type of fibre-reinforced plastic composite product, which is
a product made of a polymer matrix reinforced with fibres. In this case the
GRP panels were made of a 20mm-thick aluminium honeycomb core (19mm cell size)
sandwiched and enveloped between two fire-retardant unsaturated polyester
resin glass fibre reinforcements, or “skins”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ABD 2B 218 at para 7; Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 10; Notes of
Evidence (“NE”) (29 March 2016) at p 129 lines 24–25.

The upper skin additionally had a polyester gelcoat. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ABD 2B 251 at para 93; ABD 2B 363 at para 28.

The panels measured about 3m wide and 10–14m long. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ABD 1C 20 at para 9.

It is not disputed that the Sub-Contract comprised the following documents: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ABD A 11 at para 26; Tab 23 (Defendant’s Lead Counsel Statement), p 5.

(a) a Purchase Order dated 28 August 2008, between Kalzip and BFG; 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ABD 1D 5.

(b) Annexure 1 to the Purchase Order, which incorporated: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ABD 1D 6–8, 27–30.

(i) a document titled “BFG Comments on Specifications – Appendix 2 – R3 – 29
Aug 08.pdf”, containing BFG’s comments on the tender specifications for the
Sub-Contract;

(ii) a document titled “Podium Roof GRP Deflection Matrix
Summary_A_20Jun08.pdf”, dated 20 June 2008; and

(iii) a document titled “BFG – Corus – SANDS_Podium roof Price
Table_300708.pdf”, dated 30 July 2008;

(c) Annexure 2 to the Purchase Order 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ABD 1D 9–10.

; and

(d) extracts from the Technical Specification for Podium Roof Finishes WP
3215: MICE Roof, Casino Roof & Theatre Roof, ISSUE_REV C, dated 23 August 2007
(“Specification Revision C”) 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ABD 1D 13–24.

.

8 The Sub-Contract specifications which are pertinent to the Suit are: (1) the
requirements as to the structural performance of the GRP panels, in terms of
the load they would be able to bear and the degree to which they would deflect
or bend under specified loads; and (2) requirements as to the fire safety of
the GRP panels. I expand on these requirements at [50] and [391] below
respectively.

9 The GRP panels were manufactured by BFG in the Philippines in the latter
half of 2009. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ABD A at Tab 1 (Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2)), para 18.

They were manufactured based on information and manufacturing drawings (one
drawing per panel) provided by Kalzip. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ABD A 35 at para 15.

Throughout the manufacturing process, Kalzip’s appointed representative, Loxon
Philippines Inc (“Loxon”), carried out a quality check on each GRP panel to
ensure that it had been manufactured properly, that its dimensions were
correct and that it was not delaminated, and thereafter approved it for
shipment to Singapore for installation. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 5.

Kalzip installed the panels from around November 2009 on the casino building
roof, followed by the MICE building roof from around January 2010; works on
the theatre building roof were scheduled to commence in March 2010. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ABD 1B 16 at paras 31–33.

Complaints about the panels

10 Sometime around January and February 2010, Kalzip complained that
delamination of the GRP panels had been observed during installation on the
casino and MICE building roofs. In particular, it was alleged that the inner
skins of the GRP panels were coming apart from the aluminium honeycomb core.
Surveys were carried out and delamination was allegedly found to be
widespread. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 22.

According to Kalzip, the delamination adversely affected the load-bearing
characteristics of the panels, rendering them non-compliant with the Sub-
Contract requirements. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ABD A, Tab 1 (Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2)), para 19.

11 BFG appeared to accept that delamination had occurred, but took the view
that this was because the panels had been misused (viz, had been walked on and
subjected to excessive loads). Kalzip, on the other hand, took the position
that the panels had delaminated due to deficiencies in manufacturing. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ABD 10E 6072.1, 6079 and 6526.1.

An internal e-mail within BFG dated 7 March 2010 records that, the night
before a meeting with MBS, Kalzip informed BFG that circular samples which had
been cored from some GRP panels installed onsite were underweight. BFG
protested that the panels had been misused. In response, Kalzip gave BFG “two
options”. The first was for BFG to “go with [Kalzip] and support them to say
to MBS that there is a problem and we will resolve this” in an attempt to “get
out of this problem with minimum damage”. One of the risks associated with
this option was that Kalzip wanted BFG to bear all the liability. The second
option was for BFG to “start [an] argument [with Kalzip] about the misuse of
panels versus bad manufacturing and go to [a] formal dispute between MBS and
BFG where [Kalzip] would not support [BFG]”. This would involve BFG officially
taking the position that the panels, as supplied, met the load bearing
requirements in the Sub-Contract. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ABD 10E 6635.

12 BFG chose the former option. On 9 March 2010, BFG met with Kalzip and “re-
iterated BFG’s commitment to assisting Kalzip with resolving the upstream
issues with MBS and in particular on working together with Kalzip to rectify
the alleged defects identified by MBS and/or Kalzip”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ABD 2B 320 at para 25.

BFG and Kalzip sought to present a united front to MBS. The parties agreed to
adopt the strategy of showing that the panels were strong enough to meet the
Sub-Contract load requirements notwithstanding delamination of the lower skin.
BFG carried out calculations to show that this was the case. Based on these
calculations, BFG took the position that the GRP panels were fit for purpose
and met the Sub-Contract requirements without modification even if they were
delaminated, and presented this position to MBS on 17 March 2010. Kalzip
likewise adopted this position vis-à-vis MBS. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 218; Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at
para 17; ABD 1B 49 at paras 121 and 123; ABD 1B 163 at para 37; ABD 2B 321 at
para 26; ABD 2G 609–644; ABD 12E 7880–7883.

The less-than-satisfactory test results were explained by pointing out
problems with the tests and the other components of the structures supporting
the panels, and not the panels themselves.

13 Notwithstanding its position vis-à-vis MBS, Kalzip looked to BFG to make
good its losses arising from the allegedly delaminated panels. At a meeting
with MBS described in BFG’s 7 March e-mail, “[Kalzip] used this weak position
and put [the] entire responsibility on BFG”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ABD 10E 6635.

On 25 March 2010, Kalzip’s solicitors wrote to BFG alleging that the panels
were “not manufactured in accordance with the specifications stated in the
Purchase Orders” and that BFG was “clearly in breach” of the Sub-Contract. It
reserved its right to recover, from BFG, sums that MBS had withheld from
Kalzip under the Trade Contract. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Mr Flook’s AEIC at pp 157–158.

BFG replied on 6 April 2010 denying that the panels were defective and
alleging that the delamination observed onsite had resulted from misuse and
mishandling during and after installation. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Mr Flook’s AEIC at pp 159–162.

Kalzip sent another letter dated 25 May 2010 warning BFG that it was
“currently facing a SGD 1 million to SGD 33 million claim, due to the supplied
defective panels” [emphasis in original]. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ABD 12E 7859.

14 From March to November 2010, BFG continued to propose rectification
solutions to Kalzip, including supplying replacement GRP panels. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ABD 2B 329–334.

On 3 August 2010, Kalzip’s project director Mr Peter Carter (“Mr Carter”)
e-mailed BFG’s Mr Flook for a quotation for replacement panels and sought
confirmation that BFG would “absorb the costs for this work until such time as
Kalzip resolves the financial implications of this matter with MBS”, following
which “[a] solution would also then be worked out between Kalzip and BFG”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ABD 13E 8263.

Mr Flook received a call from Mr Carter, who said that BFG “need to keep the
aluminium core, and a percentage of the re manufacturing cost that BFG is
prepared to bear. Then if [Kalzip] win[s] the case against MBS then they pay
[BFG] back.” 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ABD 13E 8265–8266.

On 13 November 2010, BFG offered to supply replacement GRP panels at Kalzip’s
cost. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

ABD 2B 334 at para 71; ABD 14E 8901.

It did not hear back from Kalzip thereafter.

15 Notwithstanding the attempts to convince MBS that the GRP panels would
perform satisfactorily even with delaminated inner skins, MBS lost confidence
in the panels and took the decision to replace them with aluminium panels. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at para 23; ABD 1B 68 at para 177.

Correspondence from July 2010 shows that MBS held Kalzip responsible for the
delamination of the GRP panels and liable to make good any damage, loss or
injury suffered by MBS arising therefrom. Kalzip made rectification proposals
to MBS, but these were not implemented. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

ABD 1B 161–164 at paras 31–39; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 217.

Kalzip alleged that at a meeting on 18 November 2010, MBS informed Kalzip that
it was not prepared for Kalzip to replace the GRP panels using BFG as the
manufacturer as it had lost confidence in BFG. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

ABD 1B 168 at para 51.

In February 2011, MBS sent another letter to Kalzip expressing disappointment
in Kalzip and reserving its right to appoint third party contractors to carry
out the rectification work. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Mr Mueller’s AEIC at p 781.

In March 2011, MBS issued a Construction Manager’s Instruction omitting the
theatre panels from Kalzip’s scope of works. On 15 March 2011, MBS informed
Kalzip that it had appointed a third party contractor to remove and replace
the GRP panels in the Project. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Mr Mueller’s AEIC at p 799.

On 28 April 2011, MBS instructed a third party contractor, Craft Facade Pte
Ltd (“Craft”), to remove the GRP panels and install replacement aluminium
panels. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

ABD A 81; ABD 1B 68 at para 177.

Kalzip claims that it was not involved in the removal of the GRP panels or the
instalment of replacement panels. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

ABD A 73 at para 12.

After the panels were removed from the Project, they were stored in the Toll
Warehouse in anticipation of their removal. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

ABD 1B 69 at para 179.

The GRP panels which were meant to be installed on the theatre building were
not installed as a result of the problems discovered with the MICE and casino
buildings and remained in storage. Some of these panels were subsequently sent
for testing though, for reasons which I detail below, the tests did not
establish delamination. These panels were disposed of before the commencement
of the Suit.

16 Kalzip claims that as a result of the alleged defects, MBS refused to pay
Kalzip for the GRP panels already installed. MBS also deducted S$8,685,495.74
from Kalzip’s final account for the costs MBS had incurred in connection with
the allegedly defective GRP panels (ie, for testing the GRP panels and
engaging consultants and Craft). 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

ABD 1B 42 at para 104; ABD A 20 at para 39; ABD 1B 179 at para 81.

Kalzip seeks that sum from BFG in the present proceedings.

The arbitration

17 On 4 July 2011, Kalzip commenced arbitration proceedings against MBS. As
will be seen, Kalzip’s approach was to first deny liability for the
delaminated GRP panels upstream vis-à-vis MBS, and to subsequently attempt to
visit liability for the same upon BFG downstream. In relation to the GRP
panels, Kalzip sought payment from MBS for inter alia supplying and installing
GRP panels on the MICE and casino buildings; fabricating GRP panels for the
theatre building; investigating remedial solutions and further work done in
connection with the defective GRP panels; and loss of profit on the work of
removal and replacement, which had been awarded to Craft. Kalzip also claimed
other sums, including in relation to disputed variations which it had carried
out, prolongation costs and the repayment of retention monies; these items
were not related to the Kalizp-BFG Sub-Contract. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

ABD A 10 at para 24(f); ABD 1L 148–150.

Its total claim against MBS was S$15,868,904.47, being the difference between
the sums it claimed to be entitled to (S$42,368,556.51) and what it had been
paid (S$26,499,652.04). 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

ABD 1L 199.

18 Kalzip’s position in the arbitration was that it had complied with its
contractual obligations, and that MBS bore design responsibility for the GRP
panels, which were inherently prone to delaminate. Kalzip’s Statement of Claim
in the arbitration states that the delamination occurred “as a result of
design decisions made by [MBS], which were not [Kalzip’s] responsibility”, and
that MBS wrongly refused to allow Kalzip to replace the defective panels
unless Kalzip agreed to vary the contractual terms. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

ABD 1L 147 at paras 27–29.

Kalzip’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim in the arbitration states that the
“basic design of the GRP panels was complete” at the time that MBS issued the
Letter of Award to Kalzip, and that the “tendency to delaminate was inherent
in the design of the GRP Panels”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

ABD 1L 459, 461–462.

19 There were negotiations towards a settlement between MBS and Kalzip in the
lead-up to the arbitration hearing. According to Kalzip, MBS remained
unwilling to pay any sums to Kalzip for the defective GRP panels, though it
indicated that it was willing to compromise on Kalzip’s variation claims.
Kalzip says that as a matter of principle, MBS refused to compromise on its
decision to deduct the sum of S$8,685,495.74 from monies due to Kalzip under
the contract (comprising the contract sum paid by MBS to Craft
(S$8,121,319.31), the consultancy fees incurred by MBS in connection with the
defective GRP panels (S$449,950.75) and testing fees (S$114,225.68)). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

ABD 1B 179 at para 81; ABD A 82; NE (15 March 2016) at p 123 lines 12–21.

The arbitration hearing between Kalzip and MBS began on 18 February 2013 and
was scheduled to last five weeks. On 23 February 2013, Kalzip and MBS entered
into an in-principle commercial settlement, which they formally executed on 26
February 2013 (“the Settlement Agreement”); MBS agreed to pay Kalzip the sum
of S$5.5m, of which S$4m was compensation and S$1.5m was for Kalzip’s agreed
costs. MBS would also pay the costs of the arbitration proceedings. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

ABD A 10 at para 25; ABD 34L 25149; ABD 1B 179 at para 82.

20 According to Mr Mueller, the S$4m essentially comprised all of Kalzip’s
claims apart from those which had to do with the GRP panels. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

ABD 1B 180 at paras 83–84.

I note, however, that as stated in cl 1.1 of the Settlement Agreement, MBS
paid Kalzip S$4m “in full and final settlement of any and all disputes,
controversies, claims and counterclaims that each party has against the
other”. Moreover, cl 8.1 of the Settlement Agreement states, “This Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement between the parties in connection with its
subject matter and supersedes all prior representations, communications,
negotiations and understandings concerning the subject matter of this
Agreement.” 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

ABD 34L 25148 and 25151.

Kalzip’s claims against MBS in respect of the allegedly defective GRP panels
were therefore part of the claims settled in the Settlement Agreement.

21 On 30 May 2013, Kalzip sent a letter of demand to BFG for the sum of S$13m.
BFG claims that it was surprised by the letter of demand, having heard nothing
from Kalzip since BFG’s offer in November 2010 to supply replacement GRP
panels at Kalzip’s cost. BFG says it did not hear from Kalzip for close to
three years and was left out of the loop regarding Kalzip’s arbitration with
MBS. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 1041; ABD 2B 335 at paras 72–73.

One of Kalzip’s witnesses confirmed during the trial that Kalzip did not
inform BFG about its settlement with MBS prior to signing the Settlement
Agreement. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE (15 March 2016) at p 121 lines 10–17.

There does not seem to be any evidence before me that BFG knew or was
otherwise given notice that the panels were being removed from the Project. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE (24 March 2016) at p 31 line 11 – p 34 line 13.

22 It does seem strange that after the flurry of accusations and denials of
inner skin delamination in the GRP panels from January or February 2010 to
November 2010, when BFG did not hear back from Kalzip on its offer to replace
GRP panels at Kalzip’s cost, BFG appears to have sat tight. Although I note
that BFG did not have an office in Singapore, there is no evidence before me
as to whether they kept in touch with developments at the site or whether they
hoped Kalzip would resolve matters with MBS. Under cross-examination, Mr
Premamoorthy, BFG’s Vice President who managed the Philippines factory which
produced the GRP panels (see [37(b)] below), agreed that from March 2010
through to May 2013, BFG knew that it might face potential liability to
Kalzip. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE (24 March 2016) at p 38 line 19 – p 39 line 8.

It therefore appears that BFG was aware of a potential dispute with Kalzip but
perhaps adopted the attitude of letting sleeping dogs lie. Kalzip’s strategy,
on the other hand, was inter alia to deny liability for the delaminated panels
in its arbitration with MBS but, whether for tactical or other reasons,
without involving BFG. Even though Kalzip was based in Singapore, knew about
the panels being removed and replaced and had at the very least a sizeable
portion of the panels in its possession, it did not test the panels for
delamination or preserve them as evidence. Kalzip ended up settling its claim
against MBS and, having obtained what it could from MBS, then turned to BFG in
the present Suit to make a claim against BFG for the defective GRP panels and
damages caused thereby. Although Kalzip alleges that MBS refused to pay for
the GRP panels, I have noted earlier Kalzip’s settlement with MBS of its
pleaded claims in the arbitration, including the supply and installation of
roof finishes and GRP panels to the MICE and casino buildings, the supply of
GRP panels and the supply and installation of roof finishes to the theatre
building, the cost of investigating remedial solutions and further work done
in connection with the defective GRP panels, and loss of profit on removing
and replacing the same as a result of that work being awarded to Craft. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

ABD 1L 148 at para 31.

23 On 11 July 2013, Kalzip commenced the Suit against BFG. The Suit has been
bifurcated and these grounds of decision deal with BFG’s liability in the
claim only. The quantum of damages would have been dealt with in a subsequent
tranche had I allowed the claim.

Parties’ cases

24 Kalzip claims that BFG failed to produce GRP panels that met the structural
performance requirements and fire safety requirements of the Sub-Contract. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

P’s cl subs at para 229.

25 As regards the structural performance requirements, Kalzip claims that the
GRP panels supplied by BFG suffered extensive inner skin delamination, which
meant that they no longer met the deflection requirements in the Sub-Contract.
As I have noted earlier, all the GRP panels from the Project were disposed of
before the Suit, and testing them for inner skin delamination is no longer an
option. No photographs were taken of the underside of the panels in situ or
during removal as proof of delamination and no panels were sent for laboratory
testing or otherwise investigated for inner skin delamination. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

ABD 3C 804 at para 2.6.2.

To prove delamination, Kalzip relies on various site surveys performed in
February and March 2010, as well as correspondence from BFG expressly
acknowledging delamination. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at paras 217, 273 and 428(d).

It alleges that the delamination occurred as a result of BFG’s failure to: 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

ABD A 19 at para 35.

(a) select or formulate the appropriate constituents of the GRP panels;

(b) properly design the GRP panels to avoid delamination;

(c) undertake or prescribe an appropriate manufacturing or assembly process;
and

(d) take all necessary measures to ensure that the GRP panels supplied would
comply with the structural performance and fire safety requirements.

26 BFG, on the other hand, denies that the panels ever delaminated. It claims
that the reports of delamination in early 2010 were based on crunching sounds
which emanated from the panels when walked upon, and that expert evidence
shows that such sounds do not necessarily indicate delamination. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

ABD A 43 at para 30; Defendant’s Opening Statement at paras 22 and 23.

It further relies on tests carried out in 2015 on GRP panels specially
manufactured for that purpose, which were found not to be delaminated. Kalzip
submits that these tests are not reliable because they did not involve GRP
panels actually supplied to the Project. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 28.

In the alternative, BFG submits that even if there was delamination, the
delamination was attributable to Kalzip’s acts, in particular: 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at paras 27–32; ABD A 38 at para 17; ABD A
139–143.

(a) mishandling of the panels by using them as working platforms for
installation, failing to store them appropriately onsite, failing to put in
place a proper installation process or system, and placing and/or storing
heavy materials atop the panels;

(b) defective design of the support rail system, which did not provide
adequate support to the GRP panels;

(c) failure to advise BFG about the loads imposed by the handling jigs to be
used for the GRP panels;

(d) providing incomplete specifications which failed to: (i) take into account
all the installation loads, (ii) provide for movement criteria for the Kalzip
Roofing System and the support rails, and (iii) provide for any misalignment
of the support rails;

(e) uneven release of the suction cups or uneven loading from misaligned
rails, which would have imposed loads other than those specified in the Sub-
Contract; and

(f) Kalzip personnel jumping on the GRP panels during the core sampling
exercise.

27 BFG further contends that the GRP panels met the structural performance and
deflection criteria in the Sub-Contract even if they were delaminated. They
also were fit for the purpose for which they were bought, ie, to serve as
architectural finish panels. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

ABD A 44 para 30; Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 39.

28 The second component of Kalzip’s claim is that the GRP panels supplied by
BFG failed to meet the fire safety requirements in the Sub-Contract. Sample
GRP panels manufactured by BFG passed a suite of fire tests conducted from
2008 to 2010 (before the panels were installed). However, GRP panels which had
been installed in the Project and then were subsequently removed for fire
testing failed another suite of fire tests in 2011 to 2012. Kalzip relies on
the 2011–2012 fire tests as evidence that the GRP panels failed to meet the
fire safety requirements while BFG relies on the 2008–2010 fire tests as
evidence that they met them. Each party submits that the fire tests relied on
by the other party are unreliable.

29 Kalzip also avers that terms were implied into the Sub-Contract that the
GRP panels supplied by BFG would: 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

ABD A 15 at para 31; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 609.

(a) correspond with the description of the GRP panels in the Sub-Contract,
pursuant to s 13(1) of the Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the
SGA”);

(b) be of satisfactory quality, in that they would meet the standard that a
reasonable person would regard as satisfactory, pursuant to s 14(2) read with
s 14(2A) of the SGA; and

(c) be reasonably fit for their intended purpose under the Sub-Contract,
pursuant to s 14(3) of the SGA.

30 Kalzip submits that, by failing to provide GRP panels which met the
structural performance and fire safety requirements of the Sub-Contract, BFG
failed to produce a product that met these terms. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 53; ABD A 19 at para 36.

Although Kalzip originally pleaded terms implied under the Supply of Goods Act
(Cap 394, 1999 Rev Ed), it no longer relies on those terms. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 442(b).

31 For breach of the structural performance and fire safety requirements,
Kalzip seeks a total of S$14,040,957.64 from BFG, comprising: 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 629; Statement of Claim (Amendment No
3) at paras 40–58.

(a) reimbursement for MBS’ deductions from the contract sum under the Trade
Contract with Kalzip (S$8,685,495.74);

(b) the costs of investigating and developing remedial solutions for the
defective GRP panels (S$476,969.78);

(c) the costs of implementing safety measures until a remedial solution for
the defective GRP panels could be implemented (S$433,880.10);

(d) the costs of storing the GRP panels intended for installation on the
theatre building roof from January 2010 to April 2011 while a remedial
solution was developed (S$323,842.32);

(e) prolongation costs for a total period of 134 days (S$642,633.00);

(f) costs incurred as a result of MBS’ call on the performance bond under the
Trade Contract with Kalzip (S$32,649.25);

(g) Kalzip’s advisory legal costs prior to the arbitration proceedings against
MBS (S$1,328,130.55); and

(h) the costs of the arbitration proceedings against MBS, less the S$1.5m in
costs that the arbitral tribunal ordered MBS to pay Kalzip (S$2,117,356.90).

32 Further and/or in the alternative, Kalzip claims S$4,874,319.45 in
restitution for the return of monies it paid to BFG under the Sub-Contract on
the basis of total failure of consideration. It alleges that BFG completely
failed to supply panels which complied with the requirements of the Sub-
Contract, were fit for purpose under the Sub-Contract and/or were accepted by
MBS for use in the Project. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at para 59.

Issues

33 The issues that fall to be decided are as follows: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 42; Defendant’s Opening Statement at
para 19.

(a) What were the structural and loading requirements under the Sub-Contract,
and did the GRP panels comply with those requirements? In particular:

(i) Do the structural tests establish that the GRP panels breached the
structural and loading requirements of the Sub-Contract?

(ii) Did the GRP panels supplied to the Project exhibit delamination of the
inner skin from the honeycomb core? If so, what was the cause of delamination?

(b) Did the GRP panels supplied to the Project meet the fire safety
requirements of the Sub-Contract?

(c) Did the GRP panels breach the implied terms set out at [29] above?

34 Kalzip also invites the court to decide on BFG’s liability in principle in
contract for each of the heads of claim enumerated at [31] above, as well as
BFG’s liability in restitution. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 504 and 590.

BFG contends that the issue of its liability in restitution should be left to
the quantum stage of the trial 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

ABD A 186.

, although its closing submissions canvass its arguments on this issue in
full. I will therefore have to decide whether BFG’s liability in principle
should be determined at this stage, and if so, whether it is liable under the
express or implied terms of the Sub-Contract and/or in restitution for the
panels supplied.

35 As this is a judgment of some length, I set out a brief table of how I deal
with the various issues:

Heading| Paragraphs  
---|---  
Issue 1: structural performance requirements|  
| The requirements| [50]–[63]  
| The structural tests by BFG and Winwall| [64]–[98]  
| Whether delaminated panels would have failed the Sub-Contract
specifications| [99]–[101]  
Issue 2: Whether there was delamination|  
| Evidence of delamination| [102]–[247]  
| | Factory visits on 3 September 2008 and 23 April 2009| [110]–[121]  
| | Correspondence from BFG and site surveys| [122]–[162]  
| | My analysis of the correspondence and site surveys| [163]–[207]  
| | Prof Nonhoff’s inspection onsite in June 2010| [208]–[210]  
| | Deflection underfoot and sagging| [211]–[226]  
| | MBS consultants’ opinions| [227]–[231]  
| | Fire test panel samples| [232]–[234]  
| | Core sampling| [235]–[239]  
| | Delamination of panels in storage| [240]–[244]  
| | Kalzip’s conduct of the arbitration| [245]–[247]  
| My conclusion on the presence and extent of delamination| [248]–[254]  
Issue 3: Causation of delamination|  
| Burden of proof| [255]–[262]  
| BFG’s explanation of the cause of delamination|  
| | Tests by Loxon| [265]–[269]  
| | Alleged mishandling| [270]–[288]  
| | Defective design of the support rail system| [289]–[292]  
| | Incomplete specifications| [293]  
| | Walking and jumping on the panels| [294]–[312]  
| Kalzip’s explanation of the cause of delamination|  
| | Manufacturing process| [315]–[361]  
| | BFG’s lack of experience manufacturing panels of this size and composition| [362]–[365]  
| | Failure to produce the PCS| [366]–[380]  
| My conclusion on the cause of delamination| [381]–[385]  
Issue 4: Implied terms| [386]–[390]  
Issue 5: Fire safety requirements|  
| The requirements| [391]–[401]  
| The 2008–2010 tests |   
| | The 2008 tests| [402]–[403]  
| | The November 2009 fire tests| [404]–[409]  
| | The June 2010 fire tests| [410]–[412]  
| The 2011–2012 tests |   
| | The significance of edge-sealing| [414]–[436]  
| | The significance of delamination| [437]–[442]  
| | The significance of exposure or ageing| [443]–[445]  
| Conclusions on Issue 5| [446]–[448]  
Issue 6: BFG’s liability in principle| [449]–[450]  
Conclusion| [451]  
  
Witnesses

36 Kalzip called the following five factual witnesses: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 16.

(a) Mr Alan Roy Bridger (“Mr Bridger”), Kalzip’s Managing Director for 11
years (1998–2009), then Head of Business Development of Tata Steel (2010 to
the present);

(b) Mr Stuart Mackay (“Mr Mackay”), Kalzip’s Project Manager for the Project
from August 2009 to July 2011, who left Kalzip’s employ in June 2015;

(c) Mr Wong Kee Lou (“Mr Wong”), Kalzip’s System Design Engineer for the
Project from 29 September 2008 to 4 July 2011, who continues to be employed by
Kalzip as a Technical Sales Manager;

(d) Dr Jürgen Neuwald (“Dr Neuwald”), the director of Kalzip’s holding
company, Kalzip Business Unit, from 2003 to 2011; and

(e) Mr Frank Guenter Mueller (“Mr Mueller”), the head of Group Legal and
Compliance (Germany) in Tata Steel, who became involved in the Project in June
2010 when he was informed about the alleged delamination.

37 BFG called the following six factual witnesses: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at paras 51–55.

(a) Mr Suhas Kolhatkar (“Mr Kolhatkar”), the engineer in charge of the design
of the GRP panels and the proprietor of Indian firm Composite Designs &
Technology (“CD&T”), which enjoys a long-standing working relationship with
BFG;

(b) Mr Krishnamoorthy Premamoorthy (“Mr Premamoorthy”), who managed the
factory where the GRP panels were produced and has been Vice President of the
Philippines branch of BFG since 1997;

(c) Mr Clive Lee Attwood (“Mr Attwood”), who was employed by BFG in 2000 and
appointed BFG’s Project Manager of the Project from early April 2009 to 30
March 2010;

(d) Mr Kevin Grantly Flook (“Mr Flook”), the Group Business Director of BFG
since February 2010;

(e) Mr Sanjay Rade (“Mr Rade”), the design engineer and assistant to Mr
Kolhatkar at CD&T and

(f) Mr Zeeyad Abdul Sattar (“Mr Zeeyad”), appointed as BFG’s Quality Assurance
Manager for the Project sometime in 2008.

38 Except where I have expressly stated below, I did not find any of the
factual witnesses to be particularly evasive or unforthcoming. It is not
uncommon for people to form a preliminary view of the facts which, over time,
becomes entrenched, leading them to conclusions which may not be entirely
accurate or which may not comport entirely with the evidence. The witnesses’
views about delamination in this case may have been especially prone to this
sort of entrenchment because of the dearth of unambiguous primary evidence.
Nevertheless, I did not (except where expressly stated) consider them to be
dishonest or biased, and accepted that they were for the most part attempting
to recollect what had occurred to the best of their ability.

39 Kalzip and BFG each called one structural expert, one GRP expert and one
fire expert, as follows: 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 86.

(a) Structural experts: Mr Stephen Green (“Mr Green”) (Kalzip) and Mr Bruce
Wymond (“Mr Wymond”) (BFG)

(b) GRP experts: Prof Dr -Ing Gottfried Nonhoff (“Prof Nonhoff”) (Kalzip) and
Mr Uwe Maurieschat (“Mr Maurieschat”) (BFG)

(c) Fire experts: Prof James Lygate (“Prof Lygate”) (Kalzip) and Dr David
Crowder (“Dr Crowder”) (BFG)

40 BFG’s structural expert was Mr Wymond, the founder and managing director of
the Inhabit Group of companies. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

ABD 3C 783 at para 1.

He had limited experience in the use of GRP as a building material. His
previous experiences with GRP had not involved an aluminium honeycomb core,
and had not involved the use of GRP in large flat cladding elements. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

ABD 3C 798 at para 9.

His expertise lay in the mechanical properties and structural issues relating
to GRP, whereas Mr Maurieschat’s expertise lay in material-related issues
concerning GRP. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 58 at lines 15–20.

41 Mr Maurieschat has headed the micro production and application process
working group at the Fraunhofer Institute for Manufacturing Technology and
Advanced Materials IFAM (“Fraunhofer IFAM”) since 2008. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

ABD 4C 1154 at para 1.

However, he did not have any experience working with aluminium honeycomb GRP
panels for use in buildings. He had only worked with such panels for building
car bodies for the railway industry. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 92 line 19 – p 93 line 4.

42 Kalzip’s structural expert was Mr Green, who holds a degree in mathematical
physics from Birmingham University and has spent his entire working life in
the window, cladding and curtain walling industry. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

ABD 1C 125 at para 1.

Mr Green stated that he did not profess to be an expert on any aspect of
fibreglass skinned aluminium honeycomb panels, as that was Prof Nonhoff’s
realm. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 185 lines 17–20.

He had also never worked with a product that combined aluminium with
fibreglass-reinforced plastic. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 193 lines 3–7.

43 Prof Nonhoff has been a Professor Emeritus of structural mechanics,
aircraft construction and fibre-reinforced plastics at the University of
Applied Sciences Aachen in Germany since 1973. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

ABD 1C 17 at para 1.

44 In assessing the reliability of the expert evidence given by the experts
before me, I found Mr Wymond’s expert evidence more helpful in forming my
conclusions in this Suit. His evidence was generally consistent, well-reasoned
and usually supported by calculations where appropriate. Mr Green made a few
errors in his report (see in particular [54] and [77] below), though he was
willing to recognise and admit these errors as well as the limitations of his
expertise 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

See, eg, NE (1 April 2016) at p 205 lines 5–7 and NE (30 March 2016) at p 62
line 22 – p 63 line 3.

, and came across as an honest witness.

45 As between Mr Maurieschat and Prof Nonhoff, I found Mr Maurieschat’s
evidence to be more persuasive. He came across as a forthcoming and neutral
witness and was careful about the conclusions which he felt able to draw from
his experience and the evidence. While Prof Nonhoff may have had more
extensive experience with GRP panels in the past, and was the only one amongst
the four experts who had come into contact with the actual panels in this Suit
(having been invited onsite in 2010), I had difficulty accepting some aspects
of his evidence and placed the least reliance on his evidence. His evidence on
the presence and extent of delamination, unlike most experts, was general in
nature. He did not mark out and could not identify which panels had “sounds”
and which had deformed or deflected underfoot. He did not take a single
photograph, besides photographs of samples which he had cored and of a panel
which he had pulled apart by hand, to substantiate his observations and
conclusions. As to the latter, there were no close-up photographs to
substantiate his view. In particular, Prof Nonhoff claimed that he was able to
see delamination on GRP panels which were kept in storage by spotting 1mm–2mm
deformations on the reflective or shiny surface of the inner skin. I do not
accept his evidence on this because, as I explain below, there are other
photographs which show that the inner skin had a matted and slightly bumpy
texture. This was also apparent from the core sample which was adduced in
evidence. Such small deformations of that magnitude would therefore not have
been noticeable. Moreover, the panels were packed so closely together in the
stillages that it would have been very hard to examine them, save for the two
outermost panels (see [244(c)] below). Indeed, when I asked Prof Nonhoff how
wide the deformation had spread, he admitted that he could not see very far
inside the stillage. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 55 lines 8–12.

I note, moreover, that Prof Nonhoff simply assumed the existence of
delamination when he was first invited onsite, and his observations were
perhaps for that reason not well-documented. This may be understandable given
that he was invited onsite primarily to aid Kalzip in investigating and
formulating remedial measures, rather than to determine whether delamination
had in fact occurred. Nevertheless, the scarce primary evidence and lack of
documentation with relevant details limited the assistance that I derived from
his evidence.

Construction of the panels

46 It will be appropriate at this stage to briefly explain the composition of
the GRP panels. The GRP panels are a type of fibre-reinforced plastic (“FRP”)
composite product. FRP is composed of a polymer matrix reinforced with fibres.
The polymer matrices can be of various resins whilst the fibres used are
usually glass or carbon. GRP is a common type of FRP. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

ABD 2B 218.

As indicated above, the GRP panels had a sandwich construction. The top and
bottom surfaces of each panel, referred to as the “skins”, were fire-retardant
and made of glass fibre reinforcements and a polyester resin. The top surface
was additionally coated with an off white polyester gelcoat for finish. The
two skins sandwiched a layer of aluminium honeycomb with a 19mm cell size. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

ABD 1D 10.

The skins were bonded to the honeycomb with resin. The outer (top) and inner
(bottom) skins also extended past the edge of the honeycomb and joined at the
ends to form a U-shaped seal or U-channel, thereby forming a complete and
seamless envelope around the aluminium honeycomb. This can be seen from the
diagram on the right:

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

47 The panels measured about 3m wide and 10–14m long. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

ABD 1C 20 at para 9.

The honeycomb aluminium came in sheets of 0.5m by 3m, which were laid in the
same orientation as the panel (ie, with their long sides parallel to the long
sides of the panel). At every 500mm juncture along the width of the panel, a
strip of chopped strand mat (a “Z-strip”) would be laid under one aluminium
honeycomb sheet and across the top of the adjacent sheet using the same
bonding resin mixture, so as to further strengthen the panel and join the
outer and inner skins together. Given that the aluminium honeycomb sheets were
0.5m wide, and the GRP panels were 3m wide, there would have been five
Z-strips running through the length of each roof panel. Because the Z-strips
were made of the same substance as the inner and outer skins, it fused with
them, and the two skins were directly and strongly bonded at the location of
each Z-strip. An actual core sample from one of the MICE building panels which
had a Z-strip running through it was tendered in evidence. By attempting to
pry the inner skin away from the honeycomb, I observed that adhesion between
the inner and outer skins and the aluminium honeycomb was much stronger at the
location of the Z-strip and that the Z-strip prevented the sample from being
pried apart.

48 According to the Sub-Contract, the panels were to be 22mm thick with a
manufacturing tolerance of +/- 1mm. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

ABD 1D 6.

BFG pleads that the parties had mutually agreed that the thickness of the GRP
panel would be changed from 22mm to 24mm. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Defence (Amendment No 2) at para 26.1.

This appears to be based on correspondence between the parties in November
2008 in which BFG informed Kalzip that the panels’ minimum thickness was 22mm
but their maximum thickness was 24mm, and the drawings showed 24mm as a “space
envelope dimension”. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

ABD 1B 112 at para 52; ABD 2B 250 at para 91.

In any event, whether the panels were 22mm or 24mm thick has no bearing on the
issues in dispute.

49 Three types of panels were manufactured for the Project: roof panels,
fascia panels and return panels. The roof panels were to be installed
horizontally (ie, lying atop the roof) while the fascia panels and return
panels, which were generally smaller than the roof panels, were to be
installed vertically. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

ABD 2B 367–368.

Kalzip puts the number of manufactured panels at 3,421. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 235 line 2.

According to the site survey plans, there were 350 roof panels on the casino
building, 467 roof panels on the MICE building and 296 panels on the theatre
building. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

ABD 1I 9 and 11; ABD 7J 1458.

The process by which they were manufactured is described in detail at [316]
below.

Issue 1: structural performance requirements

The requirements

50 The loading requirements of the panels were described in terms of four
types of load:

(a) dead load (the panel’s own weight);

(b) live load (a temporary load produced during, for example, maintenance by
workers, equipment or materials);

(c) maintenance load (similar to a live load, and periodically applied during
and as a result of maintenance activities such as cleaning); and

(d) wind load (the forces arising from the impact of the wind). 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

ABD 1C 139 at para 20.

51 Annexure 2 of the Sub-Contract states: 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

ABD 1D 9.

1\. The type of panel will be 22 mm thick type A1 as per BFG’s document titled
“BFG - Corus - SANDS_Podium Roof Price Table_300708.pdf” dtd. 30th July 2008.

2\. Corus [ie, Kalzip] will provide continuous supports to GRP panels at every
1500 mm in length direction and at every 800 mm in the width direction of
panels as installed. BFG should design the GRP panels based on this support
condition and only following loads should be considered in the design of
panels.

1\. Dead Load: Self weight of GRP panel

2\. Live Load: Live load of 0.75 kPa or 1.1 kN maintenance load over 150mm
diameter.

3\. Wind Load: As per Report -3896 Preliminary wind loads cladding museum
dated 15th June07, Maximum Wind Load = +1.25 kPa and -2.0 kPa (suction)

Load cases

LC1: Dead Load + Live Load 0.75kPa

LC2: Dead Load + Maintenance Load 1.1 kN

LC3: Dead Load + Wind Load Positive Pressure

LC4: Dead Load + Wind Load Suction

Any other loads or load combinations or change in support and loading
conditions than the above will result in complete redesign of panels.

52 Specification Revision C reiterated the same loading requirements in
respect of the live load and maintenance load, but gave a different wind load
requirement: 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

ABD 1D 13.

2.1.4 Dead loads

All systems are to support and transfer their own self weight and other
associated dead loads to the main building structure. The NSC will be required
to identify, design, coordinate and supply all necessary sub-frames and
secondary structure.

2.1.5 Live loads

a. Roofs with access only for cleaning and maintenance :

b. 0.75kPa or 1.1kN point load over 150mmØ

c. Canopies with access only for cleaning and maintenance 0.6 kPa

2.1.6 Wind loads

Refer to CPP Wind Load Report for Podium. Derivation of wind loads for
elements not contained in the report to be in accordance with CP3 Chapter V,
1972 (Basic wind speed, V = 33m/s, Terrain category 2). Reference may be made
to other international standards to determine localised wind pressure
coefficients.

2.1.7 Maintenance Loads

All trafficable areas including parapet capping’s shall make allowance for
maintenance loadings. This will include person loadings and indirect loads
from abseiling ropes.

Provide for man load on roof and parapet of 1.1kN point load acting on area of
150 mm2

53 In requiring a “Live Load 0.75kPa”, the Sub-Contract required the GRP
panels to be capable of bearing a uniformly distributed load of 0.75
kilopascals (“kPa”). This was equivalent to 75kg spread evenly over a surface
area of 1m2. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 24 lines 19–25.

As for a maintenance load of 1.1 kilonewtons (“kN”), this required the GRP
panels to be capable of bearing a point load of 110kg over a circular area
150mm in diameter. The experts agreed that the reference to “150 mm2” in
Specification Revision C was a mistake, as that would require a maintenance
load of 110kg to be borne by an area approximately the size of a postage
stamp; the requirement, as correctly stated in Annexure 2, was for that load
to be borne by a circular area 150mm in diameter. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

ABD 1C 140 at para 24.2; ABD 4C 1515 at para 4; NE (30 March 2016) at p 22
line 23; NE (29 March 2016) at p 196 lines 10–17.

54 In terms of wind load, Annexure 2 of the Sub-Contract required the GRP
panels to bear a positive wind load resistance of 1.25 kPa (equivalent to a
force of 125kg per m2 of the panel) and a negative wind load (ie, suction) of
2 kPa. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 200 lines 1–8.

However, para 2.1.6 of Specification Revision C required the wind load
requirements to be calculated from CP3 Chapter V, Part 2, ie, the chapter on
“Loading”, specifically “Wind loads”, in the British Standards Institution’s
Code of Basic Data for the Design of Buildings. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

ABD 1D 137.

Mr Wymond criticises these specifications, on the basis that best building
practice requires buildings with a complex form to be wind tunnel tested. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

ABD 4C 1349 at para 98.

Nevertheless, they were contractually agreed. Although Mr Green initially took
the view that the negative wind load ought to be 2.25 kPa 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

ABD 1C 140 at para 26 and ABD 1C 159.

, based on his calculation of wind load requirements in CP3 Chapter V, he
conceded during trial that he had made a mistake in the calculation. He had
based his calculations on a pressure coefficient table within CP3 Chapter V
setting out “Pressure coefficients Cp for canopy roofs with ¼ < h/w < 1 and 1
< L/w < 3”, which took account of “the combined effect of the wind on both
upper and lower surfaces of the canopy for all wind directions”. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

ABD 1D 162.

However, in actual fact, the GRP panels lay atop a Kalzip sheet, such that the
GRP panels only received wind pressure on their top surface and not from wind
travelling underneath them. Mr Green was therefore wrong to treat the GRP
panels as canopy roofs, and this mistake led him to overstate the design wind
load in the original calculations. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 210 line 18 – p 212 line 4.

He was thus content to accept that -2.0 kPa was the correct figure for the
design wind load. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 4 lines 4–5.

55 The parties were in disagreement over what was the “CPP Wind Load Report”
referred to in para 2.1.6 of Specification Revision C. Kalzip identifies it as
a report issued by Cermak Peterka Petersen (“CPP”) on 9 February 2009. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

ABD 5D 1410.

However, BFG points out that this report is dated nearly six months after the
date of the Purchase Order and cannot have been the report referred to. In any
case, this dispute is academic because the parties agree that the wind load
requirements were +1.25 kPa and -2.0 kPa. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 12; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at
para 168(c); Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 864.

I note also that Mr Green calculated the positive wind load under CP3 Chapter
V as +1.4 kPa. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

ABD 1C 159.

However, Mr Wymond did not comment on this in his report and I say no more
about this given the parties’ agreement on the wind load requirements. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

ABD 4C 1349–1351.

56 As for the deflection limits, para 2.2.3 of Specification Revision C
stated: 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

ABD 1D 14.

2.2.3 Structural Serviceability

Serviceability deflection limits on cladding elements under working loads
shall not exceed:

…

b. Any Element of the Roof Finishes

Element| Out of plane*  
---|---  
Live load  
| L/180 or 15mmwhichever is the lesserL/180 or 15mmwhichever is the lesser  
  
57 “L” refers to the measurement of the span between supports. Annexure 2 of
the Sub-Contract provided that Kalzip would provide “continuous supports to
GRP panels at every 1500 mm in length direction and at every 800 mm in the
width direction of the panels as installed”. As the distance between supports
was 1500mm, the maximum allowed deflection would be 8.33mm (1500mm divided by
180). 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

ABD 1C 152 at para 81.

58 However, this deflection limit was relaxed because Kalzip agreed to
purchase panels made to specifications which it knew would have breached the
deflection limit of 8.33mm. This appears to have been due to financial
considerations. On 21 May 2008, BFG sent Kalzip a price table showing the
prices for panels made to various specifications, including: 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

ABD 3E 1934.3.

(a) a 15mm-thick panel with a 500mm-by-400mm support grid (S$140/m2 CIF
Singapore; S$131/m2 ex-works BFG Bahrain/Philippines);

(b) a 22mm-thick panel with a 750mm-by-800mm support grid (S$135/m2 CIF
Singapore; S$126/m2 ex-works BFG Bahrain/Philippines); and

(c) a 28mm-thick panel with a 1000mm-by-800mm support grid ($185/m2 CIF
Singapore; S$176/m2 ex-works BFG Bahrain/Philippines).

59 The 22mm-thick panel was thus the cheapest of the three options. BFG
subsequently revised its price table to provide for a support spacing of
1500mm by 800mm, which would substantially reduce the cost of the Kalzip
support rail structure. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 74–76.

On 20 June 2008, BFG e-mailed Kalzip a deflection table stating the deflection
limits of GRP panels of different thicknesses and support grid spans. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

ABD 2B 238 at paras 59–61 and 64; ABD 4E 2121 and 2125.

The deflection table, titled “Podium Roof GRP Deflection Matrix
Summary_A_20Jun08.pdf” (“the BFG Deflection Table”), was incorporated by
Annexure 1 to the Purchase Order. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

ABD 1D 6.

It set out the following deflection limits for 22mm-thick GRP panels with grid
spacing across width of 1500mm and length of 800mm: 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

ABD 1D 29; Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 34.

Loads| Maximum deflection (mm)  
---|---  
Dead + Point Load | 13.6  
Dead + Wind Pressure [ie, dead load + wind load pressure of +1.25 kPa]| 16.5  
Wind Suction - Dead [ie, wind load pressure of -2.0 kPa minus dead load]| 29.0  
  
60 The BFG Deflection Table expressly stated that a 22mm-thick GRP panel with
1500mm grid spacing across width and 800mm grid spacing across length was “Not
Recommended as the wind suction deflection is excessive”; this was written in
red. Another two sets of specifications were annotated with the following
remarks in red respectively: “Rejected. Stresses exceed limiting value under
wind suction” and “Not recommended as the point load deflection is excessive”.
In contrast, three other specifications were annotated with “Acceptable
limits” in green font and three others with “Could be considered with relaxed
Deflection limits” in blue font. Kalzip presented this information to MBS on
26 June 2008 but deleted BFG’s column of remarks and instead colour-coded the
deflections. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

ABD 2B 240 at para 68; ABD 4E 2130.17.

Deflections were shaded in green to indicate “less than l/180 & <15mm”, yellow
to indicate “>l/180 but <15mm”, and amber to indicate “>l/180 and >15mm but
less than l/50”. Mr Bridger explained that removing BFG’s remarks and
presenting the information using a colour legend was meant to make it “more
visual” for MBS. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE (15 March 2016) at p 161 lines 16–21.

I do not accept this explanation. In my view, this was prone to mislead the
reader of that document. The colour-coded table, unlike BFG’s remarks column,
did not properly convey that the deflections shaded in amber exceeded the
deflection limit stated in para 2.2.3 of Specification Revision C. But
whatever the case, MBS chose those specifications, and Kalzip therefore
contracted to purchase 22mm-thick GRP panels from BFG at S$135/m2 and install
them on a 1500mm-by-800mm span grid. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

ABD 2B 255 at para 105; ABD 1D 5.

There is no question that Kalzip was aware that this configuration would only
have a maximum deflection limit of 29mm, and that this relaxed limit was
incorporated into the Sub-Contract.

61 The structural experts agreed that the deflection criterion at maximum wind
uplift was relaxed either to L/100 or 29mm, but did not know which. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

ABD 4C 1515 at para 2; NE (30 March 2016) at p 86 lines 6–11.

As the distance between supports was 1500mm, L/100 = 15mm. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

ABD 1C 141 at para 28; NE (30 March 2016) at p 85 lines 14–19; NE (31 March
2016) at p 8 lines 18–25.

If it was the lesser of these which applied, then the deflection limit would
be 15mm, but if not, then the more generous limit of 29mm would apply.

62 BFG submits that the deflection limit of the GRP panels under a load of
-2.0 kPa was 29mm. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 878.

Kalzip has not taken a position on whether the deflection limit was 29mm or
15mm. The question may be largely academic given the experts’ unqualified
agreement that delaminated panels would have breached the deflection limits
(see [99] below). Mr Green also said at trial that delaminated panels would
have breached even the relaxed criterion of 29mm 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

ABD 4C 1515 at para 3(b); NE (30 March 2016) at p 133 lines 13–16.

and I note that Mr Wymond did not contradict him. However, the question of
which was the correct limit does have some relevance to the structural test
conducted on 24 September 2010, where the deflections recorded were between
15mm and 29mm (see [96] below). Insofar as the deflection limit carries
consequences for the analysis, I prefer BFG’s position for the following
reasons:

(a) This question concerns the terms of the Sub-Contract. While the experts’
views are helpful to me in understanding the technical issues, they cannot be
definitive in construing the terms of the contract. In my view, the
contractual documents support a relaxed limit of 29mm. Annexure 1 to the
Purchase Order expressly incorporates the BFG Deflection Table as “part of
this purchase order”. It also states unequivocally, “All expected deflections
based on the table submitted by BFG using FEA in BFG’s mail dated 20th June
2008 under document reference 2 [ie, the BFG Deflection Table].” 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

ABD 1D 6.

That table clearly states a limit of 29mm at the design negative wind load.

(b) Kalzip’s account of MBS’ choice of the panels also shows that the agreed
deflection limit was 29mm. Its closing submissions state: 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 163–165.

163\. Based on BFG’s Deflection Table, 22mm thick GRP panels would not satisfy
the Specification Revision C deflection criteria of L/180. Kalzip made this
clear to MBS in its slides. Despite this, MBS indicated a strong preference
for 22mm thick GRP panels after the Presentation, as these were the lowest
cost panels which BFG could supply.

164\. In light of MBS’ preference for GRP panels, Kalzip wrote to MBS on 26
June 2008 to confirm the offer price based on MBS’ choice of specification for
GRP panels at the Presentation. In its 26 June 2008 letter, Kalzip also made
clear to MBS that the maximum deflection of 22mm thick GRP panels was
calculated to be 29mm which did not meet the requirement of L/180 in Section
2.2.3 of Specification Revision C.

165\. Despite this, on 3 July 2008, MBS formalised the choice of panels and
supplier, i.e. GRP aluminium honeycomb panels of 22mm thickness to be
manufactured by BFG …

[emphasis added]

(c) Indeed, Mr Flook’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) confirms that
“the panels originally selected by MBS have a ‘Span/ 51 limit’” (ie, 29mm),
whereas Kalzip requested replacement GRP panels in August 2010 with a
different deflection limit of Span/100 (ie, 15mm). This explains Mr
Kolhatkar’s e-mail to Mr Carter on 4 August 2010, attaching the BFG Deflection
Table, which stated that “The panels selected by MBS are having Span / 51
limit.” 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

ABD 2B 330 at para 57 and Mr Flook’s AEIC at pp 293–294.

Other e-mails subsequently exchanged between Kalzip and BFG discussed two
different prices, one for replacement panels which would be manufactured to
comply with the existing deflection limit, and one for replacement panels
which would conform to a stricter limit of L/100 and thus be more expensive.
127

##### Foot Note 127

×

ABD 13E 8280, 8282–8283, 8383, 8409.

(d) By contrast, there is no mention of L/100 in the deflection table or, as
far as I am aware, any other contractual documents. BFG’s reply submissions
therefore assert that “Kalzip has not explained how and why the deflection
limit ought to be ‘L/100’ even though this is not stated in the Sub-Contract
nor the documents referenced in the Sub-Contract”. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 15–16.

Counsel for Kalzip had an opportunity to address this in oral submissions over
a month later but did not do so. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NE (21 March 2017) at pp 186–187.

(e) Kalzip’s experts, Mr Green and Prof Nonhoff, testified at trial that if
there was a deflection of up to 29mm, the GRP panel would still be within the
contract specifications. Mr Wymond also agreed that the panels would have
complied with the relaxed deflection criteria if they deflected up to 29mm.
130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 85 line 14 – p 86 line 14, p 87 lines 9–16, p 131
lines 10–15.

63 I also note that some experts (for example, Prof Nonhoff 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

ABD 1C 22 at para 17(c)–(d).

) were queried about whether other standards would have been more appropriate
than Specification Revision C for the Sub-Contract. However, that is
irrelevant to the issue at hand: Specification Revision C was chosen by the
parties and defines the contractual obligations which the parties undertook to
fulfil towards each other.

Whether the structural tests show that the panels breached the structural
requirements

64 Various structural tests were performed on the GRP panels in 2008–2010.
Some were conducted by BFG and some by Winwall Technology Pte Ltd (“Winwall”).
Although Kalzip pleaded reliance on the Winwall tests in its Statement of
Claim, it now expressly disavows reliance on those tests as evidence of breach
of the structural performance requirements. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 428(e).

However, even if Kalzip were to rely on those tests, I do not think they would
advance Kalzip’s case. For completeness, and because some time was spent on
these tests at trial, I set out my views on these tests at [75]–[97] below.
This also carries consequences for other parts of the analysis. For example,
the tests form part of the basis of Prof Nonhoff’s view regarding the
delamination 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

ABD 1C 29 at para 35.

as well as the basis of a non-conformance report issued by Aedas on 17 May
2010, which Kalzip does rely on. Moreover, though Kalzip does not rely on
these tests “as evidence of breach of the structural performance
requirements”, the tests may still have relevance in the context of the cause
of delamination or quantification of damages.

65 Mr Green and Mr Wymond both agreed that BFG’s test methodology was
unreliable. Mr Green explained that the samples used by BFG were very small
compared to the production panels and the support conditions did not replicate
how they were to be supported in practice. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

ABD 2C 601 at para 3.76.1.

The experts’ list of agreed points stated: 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

ABD 4C 1515 at para 9.

Agreed that the BFG testing was rudimentary, that the Winwall testing regime
was in accordance with normal industry standards, but that boundary conditions
were undefined and there was some evidence of rail rotation during testing
owing to asymmetric loading on the rail cross-section.

66 However, they disagreed on the weight to be placed on the Winwall tests.
While Mr Green accepted that the Winwall tests “were an improvement over the
BFG tests”, he thought they were unreliable 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 202 lines 5–10.

because they “still did not properly replicate the boundary conditions”. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

ABD 2C 601 at para 3.76.2.

For example, the support rail failed two tests conducted by Winwall in April
and May 2009 due to rotation, because the support rail had been asymmetrically
loaded on one side only instead of two sides. In practice, each rail would
have supported a pair of panels, which would have balanced out the forces
acting on the rail and prevented rotation. Those test results were therefore
not representative of how the support rail system functioned in practice. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 201 lines 6–20; ABD 1C 153 at para 83; ABD 2C 601 at
para 3.76.2.

The BFG and Winwall tests therefore could not be reliably adopted as a gauge
of whether the GRP panels would have met the deflection limits of the Sub-
Contract. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 39 lines 5–9.

67 Mr Wymond, on the other hand, agreed that the BFG testing was rudimentary
but thought that the Winwall testing showed very important information
notwithstanding “some evidence of rail rotation during testing owing to
asymmetric loading on the rail cross-section”. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 39 lines 18–21; ABD 4C 1366 at para 9.

The rotation did not mean that the Winwall test was totally irrelevant, for
the following reasons:

(a) First, there were 86 edge panels in the design of the building, and the
rails supporting these edge panels would have been subjected to asymmetrical
loading. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 98 line 23 – p 99 line 2 and pp 115–116.

However, drawings of the upper roof of the casino building showed that these
edge panels were anchored at their ends, which was not the configuration when
the panels were tested. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

ABD 1J 20; NE (30 March 2016) at p 114 lines 1–15.

(b) Secondly, Mr Wymond pointed out that some panels were narrower than
others. While most were 3m wide, some were only 0.7m wide. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

ABD 1J 36 at row 26.

It was therefore possible for a rail to support a full width panel on one side
and a much smaller panel on the other side. The load on one side of the rail
could be roughly double that on the other side. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 116 lines 1–15.

Mr Green agreed that this seemed logical. However, while he accepted it was
possible for the rail to be eccentrically loaded where an edge panel was
anchored at the end or where it supported two differently sized panels, it
would not be as eccentric as it was under the Winwall testing conditions. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 116 line 21 – p 117 line 1.

(c) Thirdly, asymmetrical loading could also occur for a rail which supported
one panel in a high wind load zone adjacent to another panel in a lower wind
load zone. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 103 lines 7–14.

Mr Green agreed that this was possible, though he thought that any
differential in wind load would be very minor. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 101 lines 12–15 and p 103 line 23 – p 105 line 15.

68 Notwithstanding that he considered the Winwall tests to be of some value,
Mr Wymond acknowledged that they did not test the performance of the GRP
panels in isolation. He stated: 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

ABD 3C 803 at para 2.5.4.

Performance testing at Winwall involved testing the complete roof system
Kalzip, rails and cladding, plus associated fixing brackets. There was no
clear demarcation between the GRP-HC panel performance and the performance of
the complete roof system. Hence any conclusions made in relation to this
testing could not be verified. Videos provided in relation to the testing
highlight areas where system issues had a major influence on panel testing.
[emphasis added]

69 This reduces the utility of the Winwall tests, because BFG’s contractual
responsibility was limited to ensuring that the panels met the Sub-Contract
requirements provided they had “continuous supports … at every 1500mm in
length direction and at every 800 mm in the width direction of panels as
installed”. BFG was not responsible for designing or installing the supporting
structure. The Sub-Contract stated that the “assessment of capacity of the
entire support structure” was “out of BFG’s scope” and it did not have to
“ensure the safety & adequacy of supports in terms of reactions from the
Cladding”. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

ABD 1D 9; see also NE (22 March 2016) at p 74 lines 9–11.

In fact, Mr Wymond took the view that the panels deflected excessively in the
Winwall tests only because of rail deflection and rotation, rather than
because of any deficiency in the panels themselves. For example, he noted that
bracket disengagement was a problem in the test on 14 and 15 July 2009. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

ABD 4C 1352 at paras 104–105 (cf ABD 1C 142–143 at para 35).

I now turn to the individual tests.

29 September 2008 (BFG)

70 BFG refers to two static load tests that it carried out on 29 September and
24 November 2008. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 541–544; Defendant’s Reply
Submissions at para 93.

71 On 29 September, two load conditions were simulated on a 1m-by-3m panel. It
was made to bear first an imposed load of 1.25 kPa (corresponding to the wind
load requirement, see [54] above). That load was then removed and the panel
made to bear a “man load” of 1.1 kN in the form of a person weighing more than
100kg standing on the panel at pre-determined locations and walking on it. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

ABD 5E 2972 and 2976–2977.

The panel did not show any cracks or delamination following these tests.
Nobody from Kalzip or MBS was present at this test. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

ABD 1B 139 at para 117.

Because of the lack of third-party certification, this test was repeated on 24
November 2008 (see [73] below). 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 183 line 24 – p 184 line 2.

72 In Mr Green’s view, this test was of “questionable” accuracy because a
measuring point was shown in the geometric centre of the panel, which was no
longer accessible once the sandbags used to impose the 1.25 kPa load were in
place. Moreover, the photographs appeared to show a support at the mid span of
the panel and the deflections were clearly visible. In any event, panel
performance did not appear to be satisfactory because deflections of 8mm were
recorded under a load of 220kg; the limit of L/180 in the case of a 1m metre
panel would be 5.55mm. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

ABD 1C 160 at para 4.

(Mr Green’s expert report states that the panel deflected up to 9mm under a
load of 220kg. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

ABD 1C 160 at para 4.3.

However, the test results show a deflection of 8mm at this load and a
deflection of 9mm at a full load of 386kg. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

ABD 5E 2975.

) Moreover, given that both experts criticised BFG’s testing methodology (see
[65] above), I place little weight on these test results.

24 November 2008 (BFG)

73 The test on 29 September 2008 was repeated on 24 November 2008 so that it
could be certified by a third party, TUV Middle East. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

ABD 2G 503.

This time round, the “man load” was imposed by having a person stand on the
panel and increasing his weight to 112kg by having him hold small sand bags.
He then walked on the panel and deflections were recorded. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

ABD 10E 6458 and 6465.

No cracking sounds were heard during or after testing and the panel remained
intact. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

ABD 2G 508 and 513.

74 However, the test on 24 November 2008 was also unreliable because
deflections were recorded around the quarter-points of the panel, instead of
at the mid span, where deflection would probably have been greater. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

ABD 1C 160–161 at paras 2–4.

Mr Green and Mr Wymond both agreed that tests by BFG on 29 September and 24
November 2008 were inconclusive. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

ABD 2C 593 at para 3.32.

14 and 15 July 2009 (Winwall)

75 On 14 and 15 July, Winwall performed a structural test comprising (1) a
cycle pressure structural test; (2) a structural test at serviceability limit
state; and (3) a pull out test of the aluminium clip. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

ABD 2G 564; ABD 1B 147 at para 140.

The test panel passed the first two tests but the screws fixing the seam clip
to the aluminium rail detached at -3 kPa. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

ABD 2G 570; ABD 3G 807.

However, Mr Wymond pointed out that this failure was due to disengagement of
the supporting brackets (ie, a component provided by Kalzip) rather than
failure of the GRP panel itself. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

ABD 4C 1352 at paras 104–105.

76 Kalzip’s witnesses, Mr Wong (who attended the test) and Mr Bridger,
understood that the GRP panel had passed these tests. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

ABD 1B 85 at para 43; ABD 1B 147 at para 140.

Mr Green originally took the view that the panel had deflected excessively
during the tests on 14 and 15 July 2009. Under a negative wind pressure of
2.25 kPa, the panel’s deflections ranged from 15.21mm to 51.63mm. Mr Green had
prepared his first expert report on the basis that the deflection limit was
15mm rather than 29mm 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 131 lines 2–15.

(see [61] above); if this was correct, it would mean that the test panel
exceeded the deflection limit at every measurement location. Under a positive
wind pressure of 1.25 kPa, the panel deflected as much as 25.89mm, which would
have exceeded a deflection limit of 15mm but not of 29mm. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

ABD 1C 161.

77 It turned out that Mr Green’s analysis of the 14 and 15 July 2009 test
results were not only based on the wrong deflection limit (15mm), but also a
misinterpretation of the test results. He originally asserted that the panel
deflections recorded ranged from 15.21mm to 51.63mm. These figures represented
the deflections recorded on two particular displacement transducers on the
test specimen, as recorded in a table in the test report titled “A.2-3
Structural Test at Serviceability State (Negative Pressure)”. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

ABD 2G 578 (also 2PCB 805).

However, Mr Green conceded during trial that he ought instead to have taken
the figures in Table 5.2, “Structural Test at Serviceability Limit State”,
which calculated the deflection of the GRP panel based on mid-span
displacement minus the average of the corresponding two end values. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

ABD 2G 569 (also 2PCB 796).

This table recorded the deflections at a maximum negative wind load of -2.25
kPa as ranging from -5.68mm to -12.87mm, which were within the deflection
limit. The maximum deflection recorded at +1.25 kPa was 8.31mm. This led Mr
Green to revise his opinion and conclude that the panel had in fact passed the
test. Mr Green acknowledged that he had made a mistake and that his analysis
of the underlying test data was very poor. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 30 line 24 – p 31 line 16; p 31 lines 19–25.

I also note that Mr Green initially took the view that the maximum wind
suction under the Sub-Contract was -2.25 kPa, but during trial conceded that
it was -2.20 kPa (see [54] above). In Mr Wymond’s view, a study of the
deflections recorded by individual transducers showed that “the GRP-HC panel
was stiff” and deflected in a similar way predicted by the finite element
analysis. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

ABD 3C 850 at para 200.

I therefore do not accept the tests on 14 and 15 July 2009 as evidence that
the GRP panels supplied by BFG failed the structural performance requirements
under the Sub-Contract.

29 and 30 April 2010 (Winwall)

78 Winwall conducted a cycle pressure structural test and a structural
performance test on 29 and 30 April 2010 respectively. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

3PCB 935.

An e-mail from Arup Façade Engineering (“Arup”) records that “[c]rackling
noise[s]” were heard and became louder as the pressure was increased, until
bangs were heard “when the pressure was reaching towards ~2000/2250 Pa” and a
couple of areas towards the central area and towards one side of the panel
“lifted up”. At this point the test was stopped. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

3PCB 875.

As a result, the panels did not even undergo the more stringent proof load
test at the ultimate limit state. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

ABD 1C 27 at para 30.

79 According to Arup, failure occurred during the design load negative
pressure test. However, this was premised on the assumption that the design
load negative pressure was -2.25 kPa, 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

ABD 2G 648.

whereas I have explained at [54] above that the wind load requirement was
actually -2.0 kPa. Although the panel failed at “~2000/2250 Pa”, according to
Mr Wong, after applying an area reduction factor, the equivalent of 2.25 kPa
suction was a test load of 2.067 kPa. This meant that the test panel did in
fact withstand the design suction load, since the test failure occurred only
at a test load of 2.20 kPa. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

ABD 2B 344–345.

80 Moreover, the failure appears to be attributable to failure of the
supporting components. Mr Rade’s report of the test records that at a load of
2.2 kPa, “the aluminium support structure failed at one of the side[s]” and
that the “flanges of the aluminum rail, where z-cleats were engaged, were
buckled excessively under suction”. This “resulted [in] the delamination of
the ferrule from panel” and in “excessive deflection in GRP panel”. The report
states that because the sliding Z-clips disengaged, the entire load became
concentrated on the location of the fixed Z-clips, causing the ferrule to
debond at that location; “[i]n short, the test mock of support structure
failed to provide the structural support to GRP panels”. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

3PCB 935 and 939.

A set of photographs taken of the April 2010 tests showed aluminium rail
failure due to bending, sub-rail connection failure, rotation of the Z-clips
and significant deflection of the panels. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

ABD 12E 7742–7754.

Mr Wong agreed on the basis of these photographs that the support rails had
rotated during the test. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

NE (16 March 2016) at p 127 lines 17–20.

This is corroborated by an e-mail sent by Mr Carter on 3 May 2010, which
stated, “Report on the nature of failure - it is presumed that the structural
failure occurred due to excessive rigidity being introduced into the test rig
build up”. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

ABD 12E 7739.

I therefore accept BFG’s submission 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 925.

that the tests carried out on 29 and 30 April 2010 do not prove that the GRP
panels failed to satisfy the structural loading and/or deflection requirements
of the Sub-Contract.

14 May 2010 (Winwall)

81 On 14 May 2010, Winwall performed a test on a panel measuring 3.53m by
11.7m, originally destined for the theatre building roof. This involved using
air pressure to simulate wind loading on the panel. The panel performed
satisfactorily in the cyclic pressure and positive pressure tests, but the
rail and Z-clips along one side of the panel disengaged due to the support
rail undergoing excessive rotation during the negative pressure test at a
negative pressure of -2.067 kPa. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

ABD 2G 707.3; ABD 3C 854 at para 221.

At that point, panel deflections had already exceeded 15mm. The test report
issued by Winwall states in relation to the negative pressure test, “Excessive
displacement along entire length of GRP panel, about 500 mm from one side of
GRP panel was noted during application of negative pressure. Excessive
deflection caused the panel to rupture at -2067 Pa. Test stopped.” 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

ABD 2G 714.

82 Mr Wymond considered that the GRP panel failed the test not because it was
inherently inadequate but because of design faults in the aluminium support
system. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

ABD 4C 1352 at para 105.

In support of this he referred to screenshots taken from videos of the 14 May
2010 test. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

ABD 3C 857.

Mr Wymond thought these screenshots showed that the angle between the
horizontal flange and the vertical wall of the support rail had widened after
load testing. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 46 line 22 – p 47 line 8.

If he was right, this would be evidence of rail bending and deformation. Mr
Green, on the other hand, thought that the rail had merely rotated without
bending or deforming. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 46 lines 5–18.

I agree with Mr Wymond; a close study of the two screenshots shows that the
angle between the vertical wall of the rail and the horizontal flange had
widened.

83 BFG rightly points out that the pressure at which the panel ruptured,
-2.067 kPa, exceeded the design wind load of -2 kPa. At -2.067 kPa, the
highest deflection was recorded as 28.68mm, which was still below the
deflection limit of 29mm. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

ABD 2G 714; NE (16 March 2016) at p 119 lines 5–18.

(Although BFG reads this deflection as 28.88mm, the test report appears to
state 28.68mm, but this is inconsequential for present purposes. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 934; ABD 2G 714.

) Moreover, a report prepared by BFG on the 14 May 2010 test explains that
after applying a reduction factor, 2067 Pa was equivalent to 2.25 kPa of
suction. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

ABD 2G 707.2; Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 926.

84 BFG attributed the failure of the April and May 2010 tests to the other
test components rather than the GRP panels themselves. Its report states: 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

ABD 2G 707.3.

2\. Under full designed suction load, it is evident from the video that the
support rail structure underwent excessive rotation, which results in
insufficient holding of the panels. Hence the rail structure needs further
securing to prevent its deflection and rotation.

3\. From the video of the suction test, it is evident that as a result of the
support rail rotation and deflections of panels, the panels are seen to start
getting disengaged from the rail supports as the load reached maximum design
load, z-cleats started moving laterally mainly due to rotation in the rail
support structure. Hence the panels having rotated support resulted into
lateral movement of panel under the full design suction loads. In our opinion,
this movement of panel needs to be restricted by having fully rigid rail
structure that does not undergo any rotation. In fact, in reality except at
the front and rear end of each bay, at rest of the rail supports, each rail
structure supports two adjacent panels, that may bring stability to the rail
structure against rotation. However, this condition was not simulated in the
actual load test. This resulted into excessive rotation in the support rail
structure. Hence we suggest to incorporate these aspects by completely
simulating the actual support structure and to have more rigid rail fixation
for the next test.

85 The same explanation was repeated in an e-mail from Mr Flook to Mr Carter
on 17 May 2010; he said that it was “evident from the video” of the 14 May
2010 test that the movement of the panels had to be restricted by having a
fully rigid rail structure. Mr Flook also pointed out that the rail structure
in the test was unevenly loaded, and that even loading might bring stability
to the rail structure in practice. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

ABD 2B 325.

86 Kalzip appeared to accept that the test failed because the Kalzip support
rail had rotated, not because the GRP panels were structurally inadequate.
This is evident from a GRP status report sent by Mr Carter to MBS on 4 June
2010: 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

ABD 12E 7880–7881.

To date two structural tests have been conducted, unfortunately both with less
than satisfactory results with the panel failing at pressures somewhat less
than those targeted.

It is believed that in both instances the failures resulted from deficiencies
with the test configuration and not with the panel.

During the first test the panel support rail was observed to rotate and
consequently overstressed the connecting ferrule. It should be noted that rail
rotation cannot occur in the as built condition.

In the second test due to the rig configuration a fixed point was unable to be
installed. Under negative loading this situation allowed the panel edge to
move laterally, increasing vertical deflection and subsequently overstressing
the panel edge seam. Again this situation cannot occur in the as built
condition.

It should be noted that up until the point of failure both test samples
performed in line with expectations derived from calculation.

87 In BFG’s submission, Mr Carter’s e-mail related to the April and May 2010
tests and showed that the failures occurred because the support rail system
designed for the test did not really reflect actual site conditions. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

NE (16 March 2016) at p 129 lines 6–13.

There was no problem with the GRP panels themselves. Although Mr Wong
disagreed with Mr Carter’s e-mail, he accepted that the test set-up was not
identical to the site condition. He disagreed primarily because he felt that
the test set-up, although not identical to the site condition, had been
approved by Arup and was the best that could be done. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

NE (16 March 2016) at p 130 line 24 – p 131 line 11.

Be that as it may, the question is whether the test – however it was conducted
– is evidence that the GRP panels breached the structural requirements of the
Sub-Contract. Having considered the evidence, I find that it did not.

17 June 2010 (Winwall)

88 Winwall conducted another test on 17 June 2010 on another uninstalled
theatre panel. It was subjected to a cycle pressure structural test, a
structural test at serviceability limit state (to +1.25 kPa and -1.15 kPa) and
an ultimate load test (to +1.875 kPa and -1.725 kPa). 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

ABD 2G 727.1; ABD 3G 728.

At a negative pressure of -1.15 kPa, large deformation was recorded in the
centre of the panel which exceeded the maximum measuring capacity of the
linear transducers. The largest recorded figure was 36.72mm at a positive
pressure of 1.25 kPa. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

ABD 3G 734; NE (31 March 2016) at p 34 lines 10–14.

It appears that Transducers 15 and 19 malfunctioned, 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

ABD 2B 279 at row 3; ABD 2G 727.5; ABD 2B 349 at para 21.5.

but even disregarding the deflection of 36.72mm recorded by Transducer 19, the
next highest deflection would be 34.11mm (recorded by Transducer 10). The
panel withstood the positive pressure of 1.875 kPa for 10 seconds without any
rupture or visible failure of any component. However, it ruptured after being
subjected to a negative pressure of 1.725 kPa for eight seconds, at which
point a screw also became detached and an aluminium support bracket began to
bend. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

ABD 3G 735.

89 After the negative pressure test, photographs were taken showing a screw
detached from a bracket, a bent bracket, and a portion of the GRP panel which
had ruptured. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

ABD 3G 735 and 749.

These were, again, components of the support system provided by Kalzip. Mr
Rade, who witnessed this test, recalled that there were no signs of any
structural failure of the test panel, although the fixation screw between one
of the fixed brackets and aluminium rail had snapped out. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

ABD 2B 348 at para 21.3.

Mr Wymond noted that, as with previous tests, “the mock-up failed at the
junction between the Z Clips and the rails with a screw coming out, rail
flange bending and the prying of a z clip out of the GRP-HC panel”. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

ABD 3C 859 at para 224.

I therefore agree with BFG that this test does not prove that the GRP panels
failed to comply with the structural loading and/or deflection requirements of
the Sub-Contract. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 944.

8 September 2010 (Winwall)

90 Winwall was commissioned by BFG to conduct a pressure test on 8 September
2010, which involved using air pressure to simulate wind loading on a large
panel measuring 2.98m by 10.27m originally meant to be installed on the
theatre building roof. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

ABD 3G 749.1.

The panel was subjected to a cycle pressure structural test and to a
structural test with loads of up to +1.25 kPa and -2.25 kPa. In order to test
the performance of the panels in isolation, and avoid failure of the support
structure, the test panels were mounted on a rigid steel support structure.
206

##### Foot Note 206

×

ABD 2B 274 at para 165; ABD 2B 326 at para 43; ABD 3C 859 at para 227.

The panel performed satisfactorily under a positive pressure of 1.25 kPa.
However, at -2.25 kPa (which was equivalent to a load of -2.475 kPa given the
area of the test chamber), the specimen withstood the load for one minute but
the bolts fixing the aluminium fixed clips to the GRP panel detached at two
locations. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

ABD 3G 756.

91 Mr Green and Prof Nonhoff emphasised that the panel “had additional fixings
and a different method of support and resulted in the pulling out of the cast
in ferrules to which the Z clip is fixed”. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

ABD 2C 600 at para 3.72.

Similarly, Prof Nonhoff said that the panel had “additional external fixings”,
and agreed with Arup’s analysis that the test therefore did not give any
indication as to whether the panels would withstand the design wind pressures
without remedial measures. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

ABD 1C 29 at para 32.

92 Mr Green pointed out that under a negative pressure of 2.25 kPa, structural
failure occurred “in the form of detachment of the aluminium fixing clips”.
210

##### Foot Note 210

×

ABD 1C 162.

BFG takes this to mean that it was the aluminium clip supplied by Kalzip that
failed, and not the GRP panel. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 975.

It was also Mr Wymond’s view that the test failed because no measures had been
taken to prevent the Z-clips from rotating and causing the ferrules to bend.
212

##### Foot Note 212

×

ABD 3C 859–860.

(In any event, the maximum suction under the Sub-Contract was -2.0 kPa, not
-2.25 kPa: see [54] above.)

93 However, Mr Green also observed that deflections were measured as high as
36.99mm at a negative pressure of 2.25 kPa, and he considered the high
residual deformations recorded within the test results as evidence of failure.
213

##### Foot Note 213

×

ABD 1C 162; ABD 2C 600 at para 3.72.

BFG disputes that the deflections were this high. It hypothesises that Mr
Green adopted this figure from a table in the test report stating the
deflection recorded by one particular transducer (Transducer 1), whereas the
deflection ought to have been calculated based on the mid-span displacement
minus the average of the corresponding two end values (which, in the case of
Transducer 1, was 4.94mm only). 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 976–977; ABD 3G 756 and 763.

Unfortunately this was not put to Mr Green during the trial. Nevertheless,
this appears to be the exact same error which Mr Green acknowledged he had
made in relation to the tests on 14 and 15 July (see [77] above) and the
Winwall test report is clear that the deflection limits were not exceeded. I
therefore do not accept Mr Green’s evidence that the 8 September 2010 test
showed that the GRP panels deflected excessively, much less that they
deflected excessively at design load. I find that this test also does not show
that the GRP panels breached the structural requirements of the Sub-Contract.

24 September 2010 (Winwall)

94 Winwall performed another test on 24 September 2010, which involved using
air pressure to simulate wind loading on a large panel measuring 2.98m by
11.5m. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

ABD 3G 784.

The panel was subjected to a structural test at serviceability limit state and
an ultimate load test. The latter involved applying negative step pressures to
the test panel, the greatest being a pressure of 3.25 kPa for one minute. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

NE (16 March 2016) at p 152 line 19 – p 153 line 1.

Under positive wind load pressures up to 1.25 kPa, the maximum deflection
recorded was 17.97mm. Under negative wind load pressures of up to 2.25 kPa,
the maximum deflection recorded was 21.75mm (recorded at a wind load of -1.15
kPa). 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

ABD 3G 790–791.

At a negative pressure of 3 kPa, the panel started to rupture and made
cracking noises. (According to Mr Wong, this meant that the panel failed at -3
kPa. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

NE (16 March 2016) at p 155 lines 9–22.

) It was observed that the panel bulged upwards, several aluminium clips along
the middle railing detached, a portion of the aluminium railing bent at the
middle of the specimen, and the aluminium railing at the sides of the specimen
tilted. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

ABD 3G 792.

95 Prof Nonhoff thought that this test showed that there was a problem with
the manufacturing of the GRP panels, because the panel ruptured and bulged
upwards during the ultimate load test. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

ABD 1C 29 at para 33.

However, the pressure of -3 kPa far exceeded the design pressure under the
Sub-Contract. The panel’s performance at that pressure is not indicative of
its compliance with the structural requirements of the Sub-Contract. Moreover,
as Mr Wymond observed, the Winwall test report highlighted a failure of the
rails and clips and it is not known whether the rails and clips caused the
panel failure or vice versa. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

ABD 3C 860 at para 229.

I accept Mr Wymond’s view. In this respect I find Prof Nonhoff’s views rather
partial.

96 Mr Green considered that the deflections recorded showed the structural
inadequacy of the GRP panels. However, as with his comments on the 14 and 15
July 2009 tests, Mr Green had based this analysis on a deflection limit of
15mm. He thus considered that the largest recorded deflections – 17.97mm and
21.75mm at pressures of +1.25 kPa and -1.15 kPa respectively – exceeded the
“maximum allowable deflection limit of 15mm”. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

ABD 1C 162; ABD 1C 144 at para 37.2.

These were, however, well within a relaxed limit of 29mm (see [62] above).

97 BFG submits that the test specimen was not representative of an actual GRP
panel because holes were cored along the sides of the test panel, filled with
resin and cured prior to the test. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

ABD 3G 787 at para 3; Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 946.

Mr Wong agreed that the test panel was therefore different from the panels
installed on site. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

NE (16 March 2016) at p 133 lines 6–9, p 146 lines 7–15.

However, as Mr Wong pointed out, the holes were cored so that screws could be
put in to fix the panels to the support rail. This was done on Mr Carter’s
instructions to improve the support conditions, so that the test results would
be improved. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

NE (16 March 2016) at p 142 line 22 – p 144 line 25, p 146 line 23 – p 147
line 4.

BFG did not adduce any evidence or explanation why the presence of the holes
would have impaired panel performance. In any event, the deflections were, in
my view, within the deflection limit of 29mm.

98 Given my finding that the Winwall tests do not show that the panels failed
to meet the structural performance requirements in the Sub-Contract, and
bearing in mind that Kalzip does not rely on them to establish its case (see
[64] above), I turn to the question of delamination. Unless Kalzip is able to
prove that the panels delaminated due to defective manufacturing, it will have
failed to establish that BFG breached the terms of the Sub-Contract.

Whether delaminated panels would have failed the Sub-Contract specifications

99 Importantly, the experts agreed that “[i]f the panels had delaminated they
would not have satisfied the deflection criteria”. Mr Green clarified at trial
that delaminated panels would have breached even the relaxed criterion of
29mm. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

ABD 4C 1515 at para 3(b); NE (30 March 2016) at p 133 lines 13–16.

This was shown by a set of tests commissioned by Mr Wymond and Mr Maurieschat
and conducted by Kaskal Façade Testing Centre (“Kaskal”) and Fraunhofer IFAM
on 17 and 18 August and 14 September 2015 (“the 2015 Tests”). I elaborate on
these tests in greater detail at [183] below. In Mr Green’s view, the tests
from August 2015 showed that delaminated panels deflected more than non-
delaminated panels; the panels with “floating” inner skins failed the
deflection criteria under negative pressure. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

ABD 1C 144 at para 38.1; ABD 2C 597 at para 3.54.

With the inner skin detached, the test panel deflected up to 59.26mm, strongly
suggesting that if the panels had delaminated in 2009 or 2010, they would not
have met the deflection criteria set out in Specification Revision C. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

ABD 2C 588 at para 3.6.

Kalzip therefore takes the position that delaminated GRP panels would not have
satisfied the deflection criteria of the Sub-Contract, and that the question
of BFG’s compliance with the requirements of the Sub-Contract can be
determined by investigating whether the GRP panels had in fact delaminated.
229

##### Foot Note 229

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 232; Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at
para 428(c).

100 BFG takes a contrary view to that of the experts. It submits that “the
structural experts’ opinion that the deflection criteria would not be
satisfied [if delamination occurred] is not in fact tested and/or supported by
any test results – it is based on an entirely theoretical assumption that can
never occur on site”. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 863; Defendant’s Reply Submissions at
para 79.

Although the panels with “floating” inner skins may have failed the deflection
criteria under the Sub-Contract, the actual GRP panels installed for the
Project would not have completely delaminated due to the presence of Z-strips
at 500mm intervals. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 985 and 1004.

Moreover, no tests were conducted on actual delaminated panels from the
Project to see how much they deflected. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 80.

I also note that some of BFG’s witnesses referred to documents which suggested
that even delaminated panels would have met the Sub-Contract Requirements. For
example, Mr Kolhatkar referred to a document titled “MBS_Analysis of
Delaminated panel_11march10” which allegedly demonstrated that panels with a
“floating bottom skin” nevertheless had sufficient residual strength to resist
stresses specified in the Sub-Contract, 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

ABD 2B 270 at para 150.

as well as to a report by BFG dated 23 March 2010 which suggested that a
delaminated panel would deflect only up to 16.14 or 15mm. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 218–219; ABD 2B 279 at row 1; ABD 2G
609; ABD M 252–265.

However, these documents were not put to the expert witnesses or referred to
in BFG’s closing submissions, leading me to conclude that they did not play
any significant role in BFG’s case.

101 I accept the experts’ evidence that delaminated panels would not have met
the Sub-Contract requirements, for the following reasons:

(a) Both Mr Wymond and Mr Green agreed that delaminated panels would have
failed the deflection criteria under the Sub-Contract. They both also
confirmed this view at trial. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

ABD 4C 1515 at para 3(b); NE (30 March 2016) at p 133 lines 13–16, p 134 line
16.

Significantly, their agreement on this point was not confined to a panel that
had delaminated fully, even though they were both aware that the 2015 Tests
had been conducted on totally delaminated panels (and in fact Mr Wymond
directed and attended the tests on 17 and 18 August 2015). 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

ABD 3C 955.

There was no reason for me to disagree with their expert opinion. If BFG had
reasons for disagreeing with the experts’ conclusion, it ought to have probed
and tested their evidence on this issue at trial, but did not do so.

(b) During the 2015 Tests, the test panels with delaminated inner skins
deflected up to 59.26mm. This was very much higher than the contractual
deflection limit of 29mm. Even if BFG is right that the GRP panels installed
onsite would not have delaminated totally, and would therefore have deflected
less, the deflection in the 2015 Tests was so excessive that I have little
difficulty accepting the experts’ view that delaminated panels would likely
have failed the deflection limit of 29mm.

(c) BFG refers to the opinion expressed by Kalzip’s wind-loading expert in the
arbitration, Dr-Ing Rolf-Dieter Lieb, that “even in a delaminated state, the
majority of the panels could meet the actual wind loads. There were only a
small number of GRP panels in highly loaded areas which could not meet the
wind loads”. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 1005.

However, even in Dr Lieb’s opinion, some panels would (if delaminated) have
been unable to bear the actual wind loads. Furthermore, these “actual wind
loads” do not appear to have been the wind loads specified by the Sub-Contract
– they were “significantly lower than those that applied to the closed
building envelope (as had been specified in Revision C)”. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

ABD 28L 20487.

In any event, since Dr Lieb is not a witness in the Suit and was not present
to explain or defend his view, I do not take his opinion into account.

Issue 2: Whether there was delamination

Evidence of delamination

102 It follows that I must determine the issue of whether delamination
occurred onsite. As I have already noted above, unfortunately, the panels
which were actually installed in the Project were removed and had been
discarded by the time of the hearing. There is no primary evidence of what
condition the panels were in at the time they were removed. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 13 line 14 – p 14 line 5.

As noted earlier, there are also no photographs showing a panel with a
delaminated skin. Although the panels were removed, no tests were conducted on
them nor were they preserved to show that they had delaminated. None of the
panels that had yet to be installed on the theatre roof were retained for the
purpose of proving that there was inner skin delamination in this Suit, even
though Kalzip sent some of these for testing by Winwall and could have
preserved others or at least photographed those panels they claimed had
suffered delamination.

103 Kalzip’s case is that “extensive delamination of the GRP panels was
observed”. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at para 19.

It relies on the following evidence in support of its contention that the
panels had delaminated: 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at paras 217, 273 and 428(d).

(a) internal communications within BFG from January to March 2010, showing its
acknowledgement and acceptance that the GRP panels produced for the Project
had delaminated;

(b) the evidence given by BFG’s witnesses of fact at trial, reinforcing that
BFG accepted that the GRP panels produced for the Project had delaminated;

(c) site surveys carried out jointly by Kalzip, BFG and MBS between February
and March 2010, which allegedly identified and located delaminated panels
onsite;

(d) evidence that MBS’ consultants, Aedas Pte Ltd (“Aedas”) and Arup,
concluded that the GRP panels on the casino and MICE building roofs had
delaminated; and

(e) BFG’s provision to Kalzip of a draft proposed remedial solution on 21
January 2011, which was also consistent with its acknowledgement of the
existence of delaminated GRP panels onsite.

104 First, I deal with BFG’s preliminary point that Kalzip has only pleaded
reliance on four site surveys in support of its case on delamination. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 408, 418 and 890; Defendant’s Reply
Submissions at para 25; ABD A 16 at para 33(a).

These were surveys that Kalzip commissioned and carried out to identify
delaminated GRP panels on site. The four survey diagrams – two of the casino
roof, dated 6 and 25 February 2010, and two of the MICE roof, dated 2 and 8
March 2010 – were essentially site plans of the panels installed on each
building, annotated in yellow to show areas which had allegedly delaminated.
243

##### Foot Note 243

×

ABD 1I 9–12.

105 The fact that Kalzip only pleaded reliance on four site surveys does not,
on the facts and circumstances of this case, preclude reliance on other
evidence to establish its case. Order 18 r 7 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R
5, 2014 Rev Ed) only requires the parties to plead “a statement in a summary
form of the material facts on which the party pleading relies for his claim or
defence … but not the evidence by which those facts are to be proved”. As
stated in Singapore Civil Procedure 2017 vol 1 (Foo Chee Hock JC gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 2017) at para 18/7/10:

Every pleading must contain only a statement of the material facts on which
the party pleading relies, and not the evidence by which they are to be proved
…

All facts which tend to prove the fact in issue will be relevant at the trial,
but they are not “material facts” for pleading purposes. Lord Denman C.J. in
Williams v Wilcox (1838) 8 A. & E. 314 at 331 stated that “It is an elementary
rule in pleading that, when a statement of facts is relied on, it is enough to
allege it simply without setting out the subordinate facts which are the means
of proving it, or the evidence sustaining the allegation”. This was followed
in Jusoh v. Ng Ah Sooi & Anor. [1963] 1 M.L.J. 92 where Suffian J. cautioned,
“Not all facts which tend to prove a fact in issue and which are therefore
relevant at the trial are ‘material facts’ for pleading purposes”.

106 Material facts refer to “all the facts which constitute a cause of action
or defence so that [the party] will be in a position to offer evidence of them
at trial”. Where an action is brought for breach of contract, the material
facts will include the existence of the contract, its nature (whether it was
oral or verbal or by deed, express or implied), the terms alleged to have been
breached, the nature of the breach and the loss and damage sustained as a
result of the breach (Jeffrey Pinsler, Singapore Court Practice 2017 vol 2
(LexisNexis, 2017) at pp 696 and 698).

107 Kalzip has pleaded the alleged facts crucial to its claim, including that
the panels exhibited delamination of the lower face sheet from the honeycomb
core of the GRP panels, and that this delamination impaired the panels’ load-
bearing behaviour, rendering them non-compliant with the loading and
structural performance requirements of the Sub-Contract. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at paras 33(a) and 33(b).

Kalzip did not need to plead the correspondence between the parties and the
various observations of its witnesses during site inspections, since these
merely constituted the evidence supporting its allegation of delamination.

108 Having said that, I should point out that, especially in building and
construction cases of this nature, which involve detailed facts and technical
issues, it would be good practice to plead with greater specificity so as not
to take the other side by surprise. As the discovery progressed here, I note
that BFG did not ask Kalzip if it was going to rely on anything other than the
surveys to prove delamination of the inner skins. That would have been the
correct course to take if BFG had wanted Kalzip to nail its colours to the
mast. However, in this case, given the evidence put forward by both sides, no
prejudice was caused as each party knew what it had to meet.

109 On the facts and circumstances of this case, I may therefore have regard
to all the evidence relied upon by Kalzip. The evidence, taken together,
paints a coherent picture of the state of affairs between the parties in 2009
and 2010. They agreed that the GRP panels had delaminated. This was borne out
by correspondence within BFG internally, between BFG and Kalzip, and reports
from MBS’ consultants Arup and Aedas. However, BFG’s case is that this
consensus was based on an erroneous assumption that certain noises which the
panels emitted when walked upon were indicative of delamination. In the next
two subsections I explain how the issue of delamination arose and set out the
site surveys and correspondence which Kalzip relies on as evidence of the
same.

Factory visits on 3 September 2008 and 23 April 2009

110 I first address two factory visits which were conducted on 3 September
2008 and 23 April 2009. I note that Kalzip is clearly not relying on the
events of either visit as proof of delamination, 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at paras 271–273.

and will here explain why it is in my view unable to do so.

111 First, there was an inspection of BFG’s factory on 3 September 2008.
According to Mr Bridger, who was not present, defects involving delamination
of the GRP panels became evident during the inspection and the panels were
subjected to a “‘live load’ (foot traffic) test”. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

ABD 1B 137 at para 110.

A report produced by Arup and Aedas records that when Mr Jan Oebeles walked
along the panel, a “cracking” sound was heard by all present. The conclusion
of the test was that: 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

ABD 5E 2938, 2946.

“Cracking” sound was heard during the Live Load test. Subsequent inspection
and test of the 300mm x 300mm samples suggested that the sound came from the
aluminium honeycomb core delaminating from the inner GRP layer. The aluminium
honeycomb was still attached to the outer GRP layer. The aluminium honeycomb
appears to be better adhered to the external GRP layer.

112 This test spawned concerned e-mails from Mr Carter (Kalzip’s project
director), who informed BFG’s Mr Kolhatkar that there was “extensive panel
deformation and delamination of the 22mm panel” apparently due to
“insufficient resin cover across the honeycomb”, and from Kalzip’s Mr Michael
Moloney (“Mr Moloney”), who added that the 22mm-thick panel “cracks & moans
(loadly) [sic] when you walk on it, giving evidence to the de-lamination of
the resin from honeycomb”. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

ABD 5E 2850 and 2851.

The “moans” was clearly an exaggeration as no one else described such a sound.

113 I accept Mr Kolhatkar’s explanation on this point. He explained that the
samples used for this test had been provided primarily for visual purposes and
for fitout and joinery testing, rather than for live load testing. They had
not been made using the intended reinforcements and resin, as these items had
not yet been ordered, and had not undergone a vacuum bagging process due to
lack of time. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

ABD 2B 242 at paras 71–72; ABD 5E 2849.

Moreover, the test had involved manually tearing apart the sample, “as a
result [of which] the inner GRP layer delaminated from the aluminium honeycomb
with the honeycomb still attached to the outer GRP layer”. This, in Mr
Kolhatkar’s view, was the wrong way to test for delamination as an actual
panel would not have to undergo that type of force. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

ABD 5E 2950; NE (28 March 2016) at p 163 line 22 – p 164 line 4.

He disagreed that a properly bonded panel would be able to withstand such a
tear test and therefore did not consider this test as evidence of delamination
of the GRP panels. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 5 lines 7–11; NE (28 March 2016) at p 204 lines 17–23.

114 I note that Mr Premamoorthy gave evidence in his AEIC that he would
“typically carry out tap testing as well as try to physically pull apart the
skins of open edge sample panels to determine if there is adequate adhesion”.
252

##### Foot Note 252

×

ABD 2B 365 at para 34.

In his view, it should not be possible to pull the skin apart from the
aluminium honeycomb by hand if there was proper adhesion between them. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 57 lines 9–12.

However, Mr Premamoorthy made that remark in the context of his discussion of
the process development phase, ie, the phase of trying to develop a process
for the manufacture of the GRP panels. He did not say that it was a scientific
method of determining whether a panel had delaminated; it was, rather, a means
of testing the strength of the adhesion between the skins and the honeycomb
core. Mr Kolhatkar explained that a tear test would result in delamination if
“the force exerted exceeds the resin strength of the honeycomb of any core
with the skin laminates”. If one were to try pulling the skins apart by hand,
different people would exert different forces. The more appropriate test would
be to apply a load to the panels and measure the pull-out strength by
reference to the stresses induced. Mr Kolhatkar disagreed with counsel’s
suggestion that “where you have a properly laminated, properly bonded panel,
you should be able to retain the bonding when you do such a tear test”. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 5 lines 7–11; p 7 lines 2–9; p 8 line 3 – p 9 line 7.

Indeed, the expert evidence supported Mr Kolhatkar’s statement that a tear
test was not necessarily indicative of a delamination problem. Prof Nonhoff’s
and Mr Wymond’s expert opinion was that it was possible to peel the inner skin
off a panel by hand (see [244(d)] below). Prof Nonhoff and Mr Maurieschat also
agreed that the bonding at the edges of an intact GRP panel would have made
the panel stronger at those edges, and therefore harder to pull apart. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 28 lines 9–25; p 32 lines 10–17.

115 Leaving the 3 September 2008 inspection to one side, Mr Kolhatkar claimed
that he observed a problem of debonding during other trials on the GRP panels
around September 2008. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 170 lines 16–22, p 172 lines 18–25.

That he considered delamination to be a problem is evident from his e-mail to
the process engineer from BFG’s headquarters in Bahrain, Mr Ananthanarayanan
Venkateswaran (referred to in the proceedings as “Mr Anand”) on 26 September
2008, titled “Podium Roof ALHC Bondi[n]g problem”: 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

ABD 5E 2924.

The problem of delimitation of the Aluminium core, I have discussed with
Robert of Crown Alliance …

Robert had a suggestion that at BFG he thinks the panels are demoulded before
the laminate reached its full bond strength. So it may need longer cure time
before demoulding. …

116 “Delimitation” appears to have been a typographical error; it should have
been “delamination”. Mr Kolhatkar also agreed during cross-examination that he
was “seriously concerned about … the back skin delamination problem”. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 210 lines 21–25.

However, this correspondence occurred during the process development phase of
the project, when the process of manufacturing the panels was still being
finalised.

117 The next event which Kalzip refers to in its closing submissions is a
factory visit on 23 April 2009. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 178.

Representatives of MBS, Aedas, Arup, Moshe Safdie Architectural (“MSA”) and
BFG attended an inspection at the BFG production facility in the Philippines.
During the visit, Mr Carter stood on one of the sample fascia panels to test
its structural strength. According to Mr Bridger, who does not appear to have
attended the inspection, the panel “exhibited excessive deflection
characteristics with audible cracking and it was apparent that the lower face
sheet was delaminating” when Mr Carter stood on it. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

ABD 1B 144 at para 133.

Mr Attwood and Mr Premamoorthy, who attended the inspection, both gave
evidence that Mr Carter not only stood but jumped on the panel. I pause to
note that under cross-examination, it was put to Mr Premamoorthy by counsel
for Kalzip that it could not be true that Mr Carter jumped on the panel
because if that had happened he would have put it in writing, and Mr
Premamoorthy agreed. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 70 lines 2–5.

However, that answer was, in my assessment, a result of my intervention as I
tried to clarify for him what a “put” question meant. Prior to that, he was
quite adamant that Mr Carter had jumped on the panel. During the visit, BFG
was requested to cut samples from a large panel to be taken away and this was
done. 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

ABD 2B 292 at para 24; ABD 2B 416 at para 124.

Arup produced a report labelled “BFG Philippines GRP Panel Inspection (TC3215)
- No. 2” dated May 2009 (“the May 2009 report”). Under the section titled
“Honeycomb Construction”, the report stated: 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

ABD 1I 127.

It was noted that there was no specific adhesive between the honeycomb and the
layers of glass fibre. However the outer face was pushed into the wet resin
but the inner skin relied upon the resin from the application of that skin
dripping down the honeycombs.

A number of samples were requested but only one was supplied and during the
cutting of the panel the inner skin began to delaminate from the honeycomb.

This raised a major concern that there was inadequate bond between the skin
and the honeycomb which could result in debonding in service. …

[emphasis added]

118 As with the 3 September 2008 inspection, Kalzip expressly eschews reliance
on the 23 April 2009 factory inspection as proof of delamination. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at paras 271–273.

In my view it does so rightly, because the observations of delamination do not
appear to be reliable. First, Mr Attwood gave evidence that he and others from
BFG had objected to cutting the samples from a panel because such samples
would definitely have been damaged by the very process of cutting, but did so
anyway on MBS’ insistence. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

ABD 2B 292 at para 24; NE (24 March 2016) at pp 231–232.

Kalzip makes the point that Mr Attwood made this objection as a non-expert and
was not technically trained to make the observation that jumping would damage
the panel. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

NE (24 March 2016) at p 234 lines 5–11, p 235 lines 7–12, p 236 lines 7–10;
Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 369(c).

However, this criticism rings hollow given that Kalzip itself mentions Mr
Attwood’s 30-odd years of experience in the composites industry in relying on
his assessment that delamination had occurred. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 256.

The objection was reiterated in an e-mail sent by Mr Kolhatkar to Mr Moloney
on 27 April 2009, in which he stated, “On a properly cured panel in regular
production cycle, there is no delamination of back layer … What you have seen
was unproperly cut piece not from a regular production panel. … [T]he actual
production panels have a direct connection between top and bottom layers with
a layer of glass every 500 mm.” 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

ABD 8E 4742.

This is also supported by expert evidence from Mr Wymond, who states that the
“peel resistance of aluminium honeycomb is very low due to a very small
contact area being subjected to a highly concentrated load”, and so peeling a
cut sample is not a realistic test of delamination. 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

ABD 3C 815 at para 67.

The reference to a “direct connection” every 500mm was a reference to the
Z-strips. I have explained, at [47] above, that the Z-strips bonded the inner
and outer skins directly and helped to fortify the panels against
delamination.

119 Secondly, Mr Attwood also gave evidence that, during the inspection, he
objected to Mr Carter standing and jumping on the panel on the basis that the
GRP panels had been designed only to withstand the loads specified in the Sub-
Contract. 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

ABD 2B 292 at para 24.

Mr Attwood’s criticisms are echoed by Mr Premamoorthy. He explained that the
test panel had been prepared merely for visual inspection and was placed on a
random material handling frame. The panel was not supported with a proper
support frame and the span of the support was approximately 4–5m, compared
with the panel’s span of 0.5m. Nor was the frame affixed to the panel. As a
fascia panel, it was meant to be installed in a vertical position onsite and
would not have been walked upon (although Mr Premamoorthy did not say that
fascia panels were manufactured differently or to different specifications
than the roof panels, which were to be installed horizontally). 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

ABD 2B 416 at para 124.

I also find that jumping on the panel would have imposed a load in excess of
the Sub-Contract requirements (see [306] below).

120 On the other hand, Kalzip refers to an e-mail from Mr Kolhatkar to Mr
Anand on 10 May 2009 as evidence that BFG acknowledged that it faced a problem
of delamination at that point in time. 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 189.

The e-mail stated, “At this stage the inter layer debonding is a serious
concern, so is the client concern for back side ALHC to back skin debonding.”
273

##### Foot Note 273

×

ABD 8E 4888.

[emphasis added] However, Mr Kolhatkar explained during cross-examination that
the first matter (inter laminar delamination, or delamination within one of
the skins), which is not in issue here, concerned him, but the second issue
(delamination of the inner skin or back skin) was a “client concern which [he]
conveyed back to Anand” and not something which seriously concerned him
personally. 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 211 lines 2–6, p 215 lines 2–4.

I accept his account, which is supported by another e-mail which he sent to Mr
Carter on 8 July 2009, copying BFG’s Mr Attwood and Kalzip’s Mr Robert Talbot.
In this e-mail Mr Kolhatkar attempted to assuage concerns of delamination
arising from the May 2009 report. 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 200 lines 16–20, p 201 lines 9–19.

He stated: 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

ABD 9E 5270.

The back skin delamination is has not been a problem on the moulded panels.
This was observed only when the panel was cut through the thickness and the
[aluminium honeycomb] to FRP bond was openedup [sic]. BFG has already
incorporated the Z joggle strips adjacent to the Ferrule lines as well as at
every 0.5 m across width of the panel to make a direct connection between top
and bottom skins. ... We once again re-iterate that the panel needs to be
looked at as a product as a whole and not cut into small pieces, as the GRP
composite is not a uniform material like an aluminium or [steel] sheet. The
ingredients will [behave] differently when handled individually and when used
as a composite product.

121 During cross-examination, Mr Kolhatkar explained that these cut panels
were not representative of actual GRP panels because they lacked the U-channel
edge detail which intact GRP panels would have had, and they had been
subjected to cutting tools that could have induced vibrations in the panel,
causing the inner skin to separate. 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 202 lines 2–19.

Moreover, the panels had not delaminated when they were cut; they only
delaminated when they were pried apart. He therefore did not consider the
tests on 3 September 2008 or 23 April 2009 as evidence of delamination of the
GRP panels. 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 204 lines 17–23.

I therefore find that Kalzip was correct to abandon reliance on the factory
visits on 3 September 2008 and 23 April 2009. However, these two factory
visits caused Mr Carter, who appears to have a strong and assertive
personality, to form the view that “cracking” noises in the panels evidenced
delamination of the inner skins. He subsequently told BFG, as recorded in an
e-mail from Mr Kolhatkar to Dr Samer on 8 February 2010, that what started off
as a “metallic crinkling noise” in the panels would “eventually [result] in a
de-bonding”. 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

ABD 10E 6264.

Correspondence from BFG and site surveys

122 Putting the two factory inspections to one side, Kalzip relies on
subsequent site surveys and correspondence from BFG in 2009 and 2010 to show
that BFG came to accept that there was delamination and it was a problem.
While I set these out in some detail below, I should first caveat this section
by saying that the correspondence can only show so much. The question in this
suit, in view of BFG’s claim that it mistakenly confused the noises coming
from the panels with delamination, is not merely whether BFG thought there was
delamination, but whether it was right to think so or mistaken at the time in
thinking so. The experts themselves disagreed on important questions such as
whether the noises produced by the panels were evidence that they had
delaminated, and whether inner skin delamination on localised areas could be
visually observed. If some of the experts could have erred on these questions,
then BFG, which had not manufactured panels of this type in such large sizes
before, could have similarly made an erroneous assumption. BFG’s assertion
that it was mistaken that the panels were defective therefore has to be
carefully evaluated.

123 On 26 May 2009, during the process development phase and before the panels
began to be manufactured 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

ABD 2B 364 at para 32.

, Mr Rade e-mailed Mr Attwood saying: 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

ABD 8E 5000.

Panel failure is not expected under -2kPa static load. We have major concern
about the practical problem of bonding between aluminum [sic] core and FRP
skin. Therefore, if there is any debonding takes place even at the local area
under static load test, it will propagate further during cyclic load test and
may result in failure under cyclic test. ... [emphasis added]

124 Counsel for Kalzip referred to this e-mail as evidence that delamination
of the lower skin was a recognised problem at this stage. However, Mr
Kolhatkar interpreted this e-mail as a caution that delamination would be a
problem if the panel were subjected to loads (ie, the cylic loading test)
which were not specified in the specifications previously given to BFG. 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 21; p 26; p 31 lines 21–22; p 33 line 4 – p 34 line 6.

This e-mail was generated before GRP panel production began.

125 The next e-mail, dated 7 December 2009, was written after panels had begun
to be installed on site. Mr Attwood e-mailed Mr Kolhatkar, Mr Premamoorthy and
others. The e-mail subject was “delamination of panels on site” and the body
contained the following text: 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

ABD 9E 5843.

[Kalzip] are aware of this on site last week of the 40 or so panels installed
there a 3 with big areas of delamination they didnt leave here with it and I
cant believe that it happened in transit so it must be during the vacume [sic]
lifting or install.

Mr Attwood agreed during cross-examination that he was not reporting
complaints or allegations by Kalzip, but giving his own observations of what
had occurred onsite. 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 5 lines 18–22.

However, there was no examination of Mr Attwood on what exactly he had
observed onsite to come to this view.

126 Sometime in early January 2010, when Mr Mackay was carrying out a morning
inspection of the GRP panels on the casino building with MBS’ Project Manager
of Facades Mr Jan Oebeles, Mr Mackay heard a cracking sound while traversing
some of the panels. He notified Mr Carter of this after the inspection. The
two of them then went onto the casino building roof and again noticed various
panels producing a cracking noise underfoot. 285

##### Foot Note 285

×

ABD 1B 21 at paras 46–47.

Mr Mackay described this incident during trial as follows: 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

NE (22 March 2016) at p 49 lines 6–19.

Q. You describe the noises as being “cracking noises” again?

A. Yes. It’s like a very deep crunching -- crunching sound. It’s -- when we
were walking on the panels, it would be fairly solid, and we’d come to a spot
where it would be a deep crunch and very spongy.

Q. So, Mr Mackay, are you suggesting that a cracking noise is the same as a
crunching noise?

A. It’s what I heard and what I saw, it is like a deep crunching, crunching
noise itself, and the actual -- when you put your foot on the actual panel in
the area, it would actually -- it actually went down as well. It wasn’t like
on the rest of the panels, where it was fairly solid itself.

127 On 11 January 2010, Mr Attwood e-mailed Mr Kolhatkar, Mr Premamoorthy and
Mr Zeeyad amongst others. The e-mail was titled “Delaminated Panels On site”
and stated: 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

ABD 10E 6010.

As I advised before there are around 6 places where delamination has taken
place between front top face and aluminium honeycomb. … [W]e n[e]ed to put in
place a procedure for rectifying this on site.

…

My only thoughts are to drill holes in front face over area and inject
resin/filler mixture into the void then repair gelcoat any thought on this
please advise

…

[emphasis added]

128 When this e-mail was brought to Mr Attwood’s attention during cross-
examination, his answer was that he had simply used the word “delamination”
because it was “common parlance at the time on site for what was perceived to
be happening with [the] panels” and that he was, at the time, unsure of what
was in fact wrong with the panels. 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 9 lines 4–12.

The six areas had been identified based on the presence of crunching sounds.
289

##### Foot Note 289

×

ABD 2B 299 at para 42.

I have noted above at [111], [112] and [121] that at the factory visit on 3
September 2008, Kalzip and MBS’ consultants who were present formed the view
that the “cracking” sound was indicative of delamination of the inner skin. It
should also be noted that the e-mail above appears to describe delamination of
the outer skin (“between front top face and aluminium honeycomb”), whereas
Kalzip’s claim is for delamination of the inner skin. 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at para 33(a).

129 On 18 January 2010, Mr Attwood emailed Mr Premamoorthy, Mr Kolhatkar, Mr
Zeeyad and others. The subject of the e-mail was “Damaged crates and panels @
Toll Singapore”. It included the following: 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

ABD 10E 6044.

Delamination repairs Please update me on progress in factory of developing a
viable process this is becoming a big issue. … [A]t present I would estimate 6
-7 places where this has occurred largest around 700mm Diameter

130 In another e-mail about an hour later, Mr Attwood stated that the
debonding issue “appears to be on the top surface but there [is] no way of
saying 100% that this is the case with out [sic] cutting”. 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

ABD 10E 6068.

When Mr Anand replied to ask how many panels were affected, Mr Attwood replied
six panels. 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

ABD 10E 6068.

131 Again on 18 January 2010, Mr Attwood wrote to Mr Mackay (copying Mr Carter
and Mr Kolhatkar) that: 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

ABD 10E 6045.

BFG strongly recommend that all panels on site suffering from delamination are
Identified [sic] and protected with plastic and plywood on top in order to
halt the ongoing damage being cause[d] by foot traffic in those are[a]s in
particular the end areas nearest the vertical walls.

Particular attention should be paid to avoid point loading during the
installation of the edge trim panels, plywood should be used in these areas
during this install as significant force is being used to force the edge trim
panel curved top edge into the roof panels which are in most cases flatter.

132 Mr Carter replied on the same day, stating, “Following receipt of the
plastic and plywood (Have you considered structural foam), [Kalzip] will
arrange for this to be installed.” 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

ABD 10E 6045.

Notably, Mr Carter did not deny that the panels were being walked on, or that
the walking had damaged the panels. Rather, he simply assured Mr Attwood that
Kalzip would arrange for plywood to be installed. This suggests that Mr Carter
– who was described by other witnesses as aggressive, and who comes across in
the correspondence as assertive and not easily persuaded to change his mind –
accepted the possibility of damage to the panels as a result of foot traffic.

133 On 20 January 2010, Mr Attwood e-mailed Mr Carter, Mr Kolhatkar, Mr
Premamoorthy, Mr Zeeyad and others, stating: 296

##### Foot Note 296

×

ABD 10E 6072.1.

We have been informally informed by … Kalzip about the delamination of some
panels after installation. BFG has informally carried out the inspection of
the panels and identified 6 panels out of total panels installed at site till
15/01/2010. BFG reports as follows:

It is observed that the delamination is present in 6 panels at the peripheral
area, in patches of approximately 0.5 x 0.5 m. It is observed that during the
installation activity at site the panels are being used as walkways and many
persons are walking on the panels. This is an unusual working condition for
the panels, as the panels are designed for occasional 1 man walking on the
panels with a load spreader like a 2.4 x 1.3 m sheet of 25 mm plywood placed
on the top of panels. … [T]he delamination has occurred due to unusual loading
outside the designed loads …

134 As noted above, this probably referred to the same six panels at
[127]–[128] above, which were described as experiencing outer skin and not
inner skin delamination. Mr Attwood agreed that this e-mail showed that he and
BFG had concluded, after a site inspection by BFG (probably done by Mr Attwood
and Mr Anand or Mr Rade), that six panels had delaminated. 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 17 line 13 – p 18 line 9; p 19.

Mr Attwood agreed that BFG reached that conclusion independently of Kalzip and
on the advice of Mr Attwood and a product expert (whom Mr Attwood thought
would have been either Mr Anand or Mr Rade). 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 21 lines 14–22.

I have also noted that in his 18 January 2010 e-mail (see [130] above), Mr
Attwood did say that debonding “appears” on the top surface and that the only
way to say this was the case was by “cutting” into the panel.

135 On 21 January 2010, Mr Kolhatkar e-mailed Mr Carter regarding the
delamination. He wrote: 299

##### Foot Note 299

×

ABD 10E 6079.

… [T]he several site visits by our Project Manager and Product expert we have
observed the use of panels in a manner that exceeds the limits of the load
specification in the manner in which the maintenance load of 1.1 kN is applied
on the panels. … If the panels are properly handled and used within the design
limits, there are no possibility of any further cases of panel delaminations
foreseen. …

We have finalised the proposed draft methodology for the 6 panels which have
shown delamination of small patches. …

[emphasis added]

136 This “draft methodology” involved drilling an 11mm-diameter hole into an
area of the panel experiencing delamination and funnelling resin into the
honeycomb, which would then drip through the honeycomb and fill the
delaminated gap. 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

ABD 10E 6082.

Mr Kolhatkar did not accept during cross-examination that this repair
methodology was evidence that delamination had in fact occurred; it was,
rather, a response to a “perceived problem” which had been reported back to
him by his BFG team onsite.

137 On 26 January 2010, Mr Attwood and others went on another site visit. At a
progress meeting that day, which Mr Carter attended, the minutes of meeting
noted: “MBS advised that beside panel 13 on Casino leaf 13, 2 more panels are
found damaged …”. 301

##### Foot Note 301

×

Mr Mackay’s AEIC at p 389.

I note that this only refers to “damaged” and not “delaminated” panels.

138 On 27 January 2010, Mr Attwood emailed Mr Premamoorthy, Mr Kolhatkar, Mr
Zeeyad and others. The e-mail subject was “MICE furher [sic] delaminated
panels” and it stated, “After walk through yesterday there are in total 20no
delaminated panels on Mice random throughout the panel area and this is after
just being installed. [T]here is talk that these panels will be condemned”.
302

##### Foot Note 302

×

ABD 10E 6107.

During trial, Mr Attwood explained that he had referred to “delaminated
panels” as panels exhibiting a crunching sound when walked upon. As he was not
a technical expert, he had assumed that these sounds were evidence of
delamination. 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

ABD 2B 301 at paras 48–49.

These were panels which had just been installed, which meant that any
delamination which had occurred by that point was not attributable to foot
traffic. 304

##### Foot Note 304

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 22 lines 15–21.

139 On 27 January 2010, Mr Attwood again emailed Mr Premamoorthy, Mr
Kolhatkar, Mr Zeeyad and others stating: “Out [of] 70 odd panels (Shipments 1
and 2) installed so far on MICE 20 have delamination which is in areas limited
to less than 1 [square metre] at a time. … So far in whole of casino there are
a further 8 panels.” Mr Attwood stated that the MICE panels were not
delaminated when they left the factory and considered it unlikely that they
had delaminated during travel or from being stepped on after installation. He
theorised that the way in which they were lifted or handled was over-stressing
parts of the panel which were less strongly bonded, thus causing the
delamination. 305

##### Foot Note 305

×

ABD 10E 6109.

During cross-examination, Mr Attwood denied that BFG had independently arrived
at the conclusions stated in the e-mail 306

##### Foot Note 306

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 27 lines 9–15.

, even though he had earlier agreed that BFG had independently arrived at the
conclusion stated in his e-mail of 20 January 2010 (see [134] above). Notably,
the e-mail shows that BFG was undecided about the cause of the reported
delamination and took the view that the panels had left the factory intact and
without delamination.

140 On 29 January 2010, Mr Kolhatkar e-mailed Dr Samer Al Jishi (the managing
director of BFG) (“Dr Samer”) with an “update on the site issues with MBS
panels”. He stated: 307

##### Foot Note 307

×

ABD 10E 6127.

[I]t is reported that there is delaimination [sic] of some panels at site as
installed. Each panel has been inspected and approved as fit before dispatch
from plant by [Loxon]. The panels as randomly checked before installation also
show no defects. So this puts forward following possibilities:

1\. The Vacuum jig used for lifting panels to installation position is putting
suction force beyond originally advised by [Kalzip] causing delaimination
[sic] of upper skin

2\. The panels, once installed, being used as walkable surface by site
personnel is putting excessive deformations, causing the bottom skin to
delamiate. [sic]

3\. The panels once installed, with expansion and contraction of air in the
ALHC is giving excessive force on the skins. As the edges of ALHC are less
than 1mm thick, and we are depending upon the resin raised on the faces of
Honeycomb cell walls for bonding, there may be excess air pressure within
cells causing debonding.

4\. There may not be actual delaimination [sic] but the sound of ALHC during
walking may be giving an impression of a debond.

[Mr Premamoorthy] was in Singapore when initial problem was reported. However
at site, [Kalzip] could not show him an actual incidence of the debonding. Now
that there is a report of about 20% panels showing areas of under 1m2 per
panel [delaminated], [Mr Anand] and [Mr Rade] will inspect the panels on
Sunday and try to get to the decision as to which of the above possibilities
exist or if there is a situation beyond these. …

[emphasis added]

141 I note that this e-mail captured what had been “reported” to Mr Kolhatkar.
In other words, Mr Kolhatkar was not giving Dr Samer his own view of what had
occurred onsite, but merely relating what he had been told. Mr Kolhatkar also
suggested various hypotheses: for example, that the panels had deformed as a
result of being subjected to excessive loads, and that there was in fact no
delamination but only the impression of delamination as a result of the sounds
being made by the panels when walked on. Importantly, he told Dr Samer that
Kalzip was unable to show Mr Premamoorthy an actual instance of delamination
when he was onsite.

142 On 30 January 2010, Mr Kolhatkar e-mailed Mr Premamoorthy and Mr Attwood
and wrote, “It is apparent that CASINO panels do have real delamination. On
MICE Panels there is ALHC sound.” 308

##### Foot Note 308

×

ABD 10E 6128.

When asked in cross-examination why he did not reply to this e-mail to correct
Mr Kolhatkar, Mr Attwood responded that he had not had time to send an e-mail.
309

##### Foot Note 309

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 46 lines 6–8.

This was of course untrue as he had replied that very day, attaching a
Quicktime video of the sounds heard when the MICE panels were walked on, which
he described as “pretty wide spread in the areas being walked on” and “much
less so on the areas that aren’t”. 310

##### Foot Note 310

×

ABD 10E 6128.

143 Also on 30 January 2010, Mr Attwood e-mailed Mr Kolhatkar, Mr Premamoorthy
and Mr Anand. The subject of this e-mail was “panel that is spongy on casino”
and the text of the e-mail stated, “this is on bay 10, there are others
[despite] us telling them to cove[r] with ply it is not panel has sunk it is
as most of the delamination is in the area where there is roped access”. 311

##### Foot Note 311

×

ABD 10E 6130.

Mr Attwood explained that the subject of his e-mail referred to the sensation
of the panel deflecting downwards as he stepped on it. 312

##### Foot Note 312

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 33.

According to Mr Attwood, this was the only panel he saw which exhibited such
sagging. 313

##### Foot Note 313

×

ABD 2B 302 at para 52.

During cross-examination, Mr Kolhatkar accepted that the photograph attached
to the e-mail showed that the panel was sagging. 314

##### Foot Note 314

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 74 line 24 – p 75 line 5.

144 On 31 January 2010, Mr Attwood sent an e-mail to other persons from BFG
saying, “can we please check that we are not producing panels that have
crunchy aluminium in them as has been seen on site in Singapore”. 315

##### Foot Note 315

×

ABD 10E 6132.

145 On 1 February 2010, a team attended an inspection of the MICE and casino
buildings. In his AEIC, Mr Rade stated that he attended this inspection along
with a number of Kalzip personnel, including Mr Carter and Mr Charles Leong
(“Mr Leong”), and a few other workmen. He recalled that Mr Attwood and Mr
Anand also attended. Mr Rade’s purpose in attending the inspection was to
inspect the panels and identify if there were any structural defects
(including, potentially, delamination) associated with a metallic crunching
sound that had been heard emanating from the panels. 316

##### Foot Note 316

×

ABD 2B 339 at para 7; NE (24 March 2016) at pp 136–139.

During that survey, Kalzip workmen walked and/or jumped on the panels looking
for crunching sounds. They appeared to associate the crunching sounds with
delamination. Mr Carter also instructed a team of about eight to ten people to
stand in a line across the entire width of a selected panel and walk up and
down the panel at the same time to detect crunching sounds. Mr Rade
recollected that some of the people jumped on the panels. 317

##### Foot Note 317

×

ABD 2B 339 at para 8.

He considered this method of attempting to detect delamination to be
“completely incorrect” because the alleged delamination had occurred between
the aluminium honeycomb and the inner skin, and would therefore have to be
detected from below, not above. 318

##### Foot Note 318

×

ABD 2B 339 at para 8; NE (24 March 2016) at pp 140–142.

The correct method, in his view, would be to remove the panel and inspect the
inner skin. 319

##### Foot Note 319

×

NE (24 March 2016) at p 144 lines 9–10.

Mr Rade stated at trial (though this was not in his affidavit) that he had
raised this objection to Mr Carter and Mr Kolhatkar but to no avail. 320

##### Foot Note 320

×

NE (24 March 2016) at p 142 lines 22–25, p 143 line 16.

Indeed, Mr Kolhatkar had expressed his view that metallic noises were not
necessarily indicative of delamination in his e-mails to Dr Samer and Mr
Carter on 29 January and 2 February 2010 (see [140] above and [147] below).

146 Following the 1 February 2010 inspection, Mr Attwood e-mailed Mr
Kolhatkar, Mr Premamoorthy and others. The subject of the e-mail was “1st Feb
report on site visit and debrief discussions on MBS panel defects”. The e-mail
stated that there were two distinctly different types of problems onsite: 321

##### Foot Note 321

×

ABD 10E 6155.

Casino

These are due to initial high [point] loads resulting in delamination of the
bottom face in small areas that have been enlarged by foot traffic, heavy load
forces due to installation of panels.

Mice

These are recently installed panels there is no delamination but the aluminium
is noisy there is no debonding but there are areas in which the problem seems
to be extreme – very noisy aluminium scruntching [sic] sound

Mr Attwood agreed, on the basis of this e-mail, that he was in fact reporting
delamination on the casino panels. 322

##### Foot Note 322

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 48 lines 13–18.

When asked why he did not object to this e-mail since he did not think that
the crunching sound could be equivocated with delamination, Mr Rade said that
he simply deferred to Mr Attwood’s observations since Mr Attwood was onsite
for a much longer period and had inspected more of the roof. 323

##### Foot Note 323

×

NE (24 March 2016) at pp 152–153.

Whatever the case, Mr Rade seems to have accepted delamination as a problem
soon after (see [150] below).

147 On 2 February 2010, Mr Kolhatkar e-mailed Mr Carter to inform him of the
preliminary observations of BFG’s inspection and assessment team onsite. These
were as follows: 324

##### Foot Note 324

×

ABD 10E 6163.

1\. CASINO: The panels near the Edge Trim show some delamination. We have
interviewed the site personnel and have been informed that there have been
direct jumping from upper level to lower level panels as part of the site
activity. Also there is have been several incidences of use of panels as site
access walkways and storage place for scaffolding panels etc. Also a very
heavy usage of panels in that area is also noted. This clearly exceeds the
maintenance load which is an occasional load expected with extremely low
frequency. Hence clearly the panels have exceeded the design loads repeatedly.
Our inspection team has carried out a test repair of one such damaged panel.
The method of repair has been finalised. Once [Kalzip] is able to provide the
work visa to BFG technicians, the damaged panels ( About 20) on CASINO shall
be attended to with help from [Kalzip] in the interest of the project without
bringing any contractual angles to this activity.

2\. MICE: The panels do not show any delamination signs. The metallic noise
coming out of ALuminium Core has been studied. We shall get back to the plant
and check the noise on the panels at plant and shall advice if any action is
required. Mere noise of the core is normal phenomenon observed in ALuminium
cored composite cladding panels and in itself is not a defect in the panels.

[emphasis added]

148 On 3 February 2010, a site investigation was conducted by Mr Carter, Mr
Attwood, Mr Anand and Mr Rade. Their joint report, attached to Mr Kolhatkar’s
e-mail to Dr Samer dated 8 February 2010, largely repeated the observations
regarding the casino panels, but new delamination was observed on some of the
MICE panels: 325

##### Foot Note 325

×

ABD 10E 6263.

2\. MICE: Few panels show delamination signs. Such damaged areas will be
repaired on similar lines … However, rest of the places, the metallic noise
coming out of Aluminum Core has been studied. It is evident from the walk
through had at site that there is a potential difference (metallic crinkling
noise) between the initial set of panels supplied for Casino and some panels
supplied for MICE. … The initial set of panels does not display the metallic
crinkling noise. It has been explained to [Kalzip] by BFG site inspection team
that the mere noise of the core is normal phenomenon observed in Aluminum
cored composite cladding panels and is itself is not a defect …

3\. …

a. … Peter Carter also states that from [their] experience at site the panels
start with the metallic crinkling noise which eventually results in a de-
bonding.

149 On 6 February 2010, a partial survey of the casino building roof was
carried out. 326

##### Foot Note 326

×

ABD 1I 9.

This is the first of the four site surveys pleaded by Kalzip (see [104]
above). According to Mr Mackay’s AEIC, the survey was undertaken by Mr Leong
on Mr Carter’s instructions. The survey showed that 9% of the roof area
“exhibited signs of sagging and emitted crackling sounds when walked upon”.
327

##### Foot Note 327

×

ABD 1B 33 at para 78.

I pause to note that, while Mr Mackay maintained that the site surveys were
based on both the cracking sounds and sagging or deflection underfoot, other
witnesses claimed that the site surveys were based wholly on the sounds
produced, and it is not clear which (if any) site surveys Mr Mackay attended
(see [172]–[174] below). I therefore do not accept his interpretation of the
site surveys as evidence of panels which emitted cracking sounds and deflected
underfoot. None of Kalzip’s witnesses in this suit was able to say for sure
that they had attended this site survey (see [174] below). Mr Attwood,
however, gave the following evidence in his AEIC: 328

##### Foot Note 328

×

ABD 2B 303 at para 55.

During the period from February to March 2010, Ananth and I were present on-
site when some of these surveys were conducted and from my recollection, in
conducting these surveys, Carter had instructed a team of approximately 10
people to stand in a line across the entire width of a selected panel. These
people would then traverse up and down the panel at the same time. Carter had
a pen and a piece of paper with him, and could be seen marking on areas in
which a crunching sound had been heard when a panel was traversed upon. Carter
appeared to have taken the crunching sounds to be indicative of the presence
of delamination. This did not seem right to Ananth and I, but as this is not
an area of my expertise, I will leave it to BFG’s composites expert to opine
on Kalzip’s method of surveying the alleged delamination.

I note that this method is similar to Mr Rade’s recollection of what was done
during the 1 February 2010 site inspection (see [145] above). I return to this
site survey at [171] below.

150 On 8 February 2010, following a site inspection by a team of technical
experts engaged by BFG, Mr Rade reported the findings of the inspection to Mr
Kolhatkar, Mr Attwood and others by e-mail. He wrote: 329

##### Foot Note 329

×

ABD 10E 6220.

At site for MICE roof panels, as the problem observed is two fold:

1) Panels with patches of delamination and

2) Panels where delamination is not evident but the metallic cracking sound.
The extent of this problem is higher than delamination problem.

The delamination certainly needs to be attended on similar way what we already
demonstrated on one of the CASINO panel. However, for metallic sound only
case, we can think of testing the panel before taking up any repair as the
cause of the problem is still unknown. …

[emphasis added]

151 This e-mail appeared to be inconsistent with Mr Rade’s evidence at trial
that he had not personally observed any delamination as a result of the 1
February 2010 inspection (see [145] above). However, Mr Rade explained that Mr
Attwood had by then already reported delamination, and BFG was in the process
of devising a repair procedure. Mr Rade therefore apparently accepted Mr
Attwood’s position that there was delamination, although he also pointed out
in paragraph 2 that the “metallic cracking sound” did not necessarily indicate
delamination. 330

##### Foot Note 330

×

NE (24 March 2016) at p 153 line 19 – p 154 line 5.

152 On 11 February 2010, Mr Kolhatkar e-mailed Mr Attwood, copying Mr Anand,
Mr Rade and others. His e-mail stated: 331

##### Foot Note 331

×

ABD 10E 6283.

1\. As per Peter, the problem on CASINO and MICE are the same. As per BFG
CASINO have delamination [whereas] MICE has sound of ALHC as the issue. I have
proposed that BFG conducts a sandbag load test on a 5m x 3m patch of a MICE
Panel which BFG feels has sound but no delamination. …

…

2\. CASINO repair: BFG Will attend to delamination repairs with 2 TEchnicians
from BFG and local contractor.

153 Mr Attwood agreed on the basis of this e-mail and others that BFG
personnel consistently recognised that delamination had occurred to the GRP
panels on the casino building. 332

##### Foot Note 332

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 61 lines 8–14.

154 The second of the four site surveys pleaded by Kalzip was conducted on 25
February 2010. 333

##### Foot Note 333

×

ABD 10E 6332, ABD 1I 10.

According to Mr Mackay’s AEIC, Mr Leong carried out this survey. 334

##### Foot Note 334

×

ABD 1B 34 at para 84.

Mr Attwood testified that he had attended and that Mr Rade and Mr Anand were
also present. 335

##### Foot Note 335

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 63 lines 3–11.

According to Mr Mackay, the survey shows that 14% of the casino building roof
surface area “exhibited signs of sagging and emitted crackling sounds when
walked upon”. This appears to be his general understanding of the survey
process as he does not profess to have attended this particular survey. 336

##### Foot Note 336

×

ABD 1B 34 at para 84.

After this survey, Mr Attwood e-mailed Mr Kolhatkar and others from BFG
attaching the marked-up site diagram. He wrote: “attached is the pic of survey
completed yesterday on Casino orange areas show dela[m]inated panels 56 areas
on 46 panels”. 337

##### Foot Note 337

×

ABD 10E 6332.

155 Mr Attwood agreed that if he felt any hesitation about the conclusion that
the survey showed delamination on 56 areas on 46 panels, he would have made
that clear in his e-mail report. However, he also said he had by this time
“begun to believe that the panels were delaminated” but “had not seen any
evidence to that [effect]”. 338

##### Foot Note 338

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 67 lines 12–16.

He maintained that he had not seen any delamination during the site surveys.
339

##### Foot Note 339

×

NE (24 March 2016) at p 223 lines 14–16, p 224 lines 16–17.

I pause to note that there is no evidence at all during these surveys that
anyone inspected the inner skins of any of these panels emitting sounds to
confirm that there was inner skin delamination or that a panel was taken off
and examined or tested to confirm the same.

156 There was another site inspection on or around 26 February 2010, although
it did not result in a site diagram marked up in yellow unlike the other four
site surveys. Mr Mackay and other representatives from MBS and BFG inspected
the casino and MICE building roofs. Mr Mackay recalls that everyone who
attended “observed that there were significant numbers of delaminated panels
by walking on the panels to identify deep crunching noises”. 340

##### Foot Note 340

×

ABD 1B 35 at para 86.

The assumption that deep crunching noises mean delamination is evident from
this.

157 There was another site inspection on 2 March 2010 341

##### Foot Note 341

×

ABD 1I 11.

, as well as a core sampling exercise (which I expand on at [235] below). Mr
Flook recalled attending the inspection and said that Mr Carter had walked and
jumped on some panels to show that they were emitting crunching sounds, but Mr
Flook himself “found it very difficult to hear any alleged crunching sounds”.
342

##### Foot Note 342

×

ABD 2B 318 at paras 18 and 19.

Mr Attwood and Mr Flook also attended the core sampling exercise along with Mr
Anand and possibly Mr Rade. 343

##### Foot Note 343

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 79 lines 8–17; ABD 2B 318 at para 20.

Mr Mackay also recalled attending the core sampling exercise, 344

##### Foot Note 344

×

ABD 1B 43 at para 107.

during which he heard “cracking sounds” coming from the GRP panels on the MICE
building roof and “[d]eep cracking noises” from the casino building roof 345

##### Foot Note 345

×

ABD 1B 44 at paras 109 and 111.

. According to Mr Mackay, the survey showed that almost all the installed GRP
panels on the MICE building roof “exhibited signs of sagging and emitted
crackling sounds when walked upon”. 346

##### Foot Note 346

×

ABD 1B 42 at para 102.

This is clearly an exaggeration, because the site survey only shows about 113
panels marked in yellow. I note that not all the panels had been installed by
this point, but even counting only those bays which had been fully installed
and which had panels marked in yellow, only about half or just over half of
the panels were marked as delaminated.

158 On 8 March 2010, Mr Leong conducted the fourth of the site surveys, on the
MICE building roof. Mr Flook attended this survey and recounted that it was
carried out in the same manner as the survey on 2 March 2010, ie, based on the
crunching sounds heard when the panels were walked and jumped upon. 347

##### Foot Note 347

×

ABD 2B 319 at para 21; NE (24 March 2016) at p 196 line 14 – p 197 line 1.

All the GRP panels had been installed by that point. The survey, 348

##### Foot Note 348

×

ABD 1I 12.

in Mr Mackay’s words, showed that nearly all the panels “exhibited signs of
sagging and emitted cracking sounds when walked upon”. 349

##### Foot Note 349

×

ABD 1B 48 at para 117.

Again, this was an exaggeration: just under half of the panels on the site
survey (220 of about 467) were marked in yellow.

159 On 11 March 2010, Mr Premamoorthy e-mailed Dr Samer apparently attributing
the delamination to the resin used and the choice of material. He stated: “My
opinion is that the aluminum honeycomb and k133 Resin that we used. Aluminum
will not bond well with GRP … In addition to that, whenever we use K133 Resin,
we always ended up with problems.” 350

##### Foot Note 350

×

ABD 11E 6888.

Dr Samer replied that same day, saying, “This incosistency [sic] cannot happen
from a process problem and is more indicative of a manufacturing defect. Come
on Moorthy, the delaminated skins are very dry …” 351

##### Foot Note 351

×

ABD 11E 6887.

160 Dr Neuwald also stated at trial (although this was not in his affidavit)
that he had personally observed delamination during his site visits in June
2010. He was in the company of Prof Nonhoff on some of these occasions. 352

##### Foot Note 352

×

NE (16 March 2016) at p 172 line 24 – p 173 line 17; ABD 2C 567 at para 5.

When asked how he identified delamination, Dr Neuwald responded that “[y]ou
can witness [delamination] by a number of aspects”, including that the panel
was no longer stiff but softer or spongy and/or was emitting crunching sounds.
353

##### Foot Note 353

×

NE (17 March 2016) at p 20 lines 9–14, p 22 lines 3–9.

Unfortunately, he did not say which (if any) of these phenomena he in fact
observed in June 2010 or how widespread these phenomena were, or identify
which panels, in his view, had delaminated inner skins. I also note that Dr
Neuwald’s evidence corroborates Prof Nonhoff’s account (see [208] below).

161 Kalzip’s expert, Mr Green, relied on these internal e-mails from BFG as
evidence of delamination, as he had never seen the GRP panels or walked on
them. 354

##### Foot Note 354

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 188 lines 6–18; ABD 2C 586 at para 2.4.1.

When asked what his view would be if he were told to disregard those e-mails,
Mr Green said he would still hold his opinion that there was delamination on
the basis of what he had “subsequently heard from the evidence of other
people, including expert evidence from Professor Nonhoff”. 355

##### Foot Note 355

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 190 lines 8–15.

162 It may seem odd that there is no record of any delamination being visually
observed. However, this does not necessarily mean that none occurred. The
evidence suggested that the delamination would not be obvious to the naked
eye. Prof Nonhoff said that the surface of the inner skin would be “a little
bit shining” (which I understood to mean slightly reflective), which would
make it easier to notice distortions and “loose areas”, allowing delamination
to be seen very easily. 356

##### Foot Note 356

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 202 lines 3–16.

However, he appeared to recognise the need for “special training” in order to
be able to determine if a panel had delaminated by examining it visually. 357

##### Foot Note 357

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 8 lines 19–20.

Mr Maurieschat went even further, disagreeing that delamination could be seen
in the way that Prof Nonhoff suggested. He took the view that any delamination
would be localised due to the presence of Z-strips every 500mm and would
therefore not be of such large dimensions. Moreover, because of the stiffness
of the inner skin, one would not see a “bubble” as a result of delamination.
Delamination in a “little area” would not be visible. If, however the entire
panel were to delaminate, then its surface would probably be noticeably
curved. 358

##### Foot Note 358

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 120 line 24 – p 121 line 4; NE (1 April 2016) at p 202
line 18 – p 203 line 23.

I accept this evidence of Mr Maurieschat. Mr Wymond likewise thought that
delamination would not have occurred over spans exceeding 500mm and that it
was “unlikely” that somebody would be able to see delamination from the back
of a panel. 359

##### Foot Note 359

×

ABD 3C 803 at para 2.5.5, 3C 812 at para 49; NE (30 March 2016) at p 119 lines
16–20.

While the surface was somewhat reflective, it was also broken up by Z-strips
and joint lines from lapping layers, and was not smooth. 360

##### Foot Note 360

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 57 line 16 – p 58 line 3.

The absence of any visual identification is therefore not necessarily
conclusive as to whether delamination had or had not occurred.

My analysis of the correspondence and site surveys

(1) Whether BFG’s position was that delamination had occurred

163 Kalzip relies heavily on BFG’s internal correspondence to support its case
that delamination had occurred, whereas BFG submits that it did not in fact
hold such a view but merely went along with Kalzip’s assertion that
delamination had occurred.

164 First, Mr Attwood said that he had used the word “delamination”
extensively in his communications with BFG because it was “very hard to
disagree with [Kalzip] at that time, being very forceful, that delamination
had occurred on the panels”, and that by “delamination” he had meant to denote
the noises that were coming from the panels. 361

##### Foot Note 361

×

NE (24 March 2016) at p 226 lines 14–21.

Mr Attwood also insisted that he had used the word “delamination” because he
had no evidence that it was not delamination, and he made certain judgments
that he came to believe were wrong. With the benefit of hindsight, he realised
that he did not know what was going on onsite. 362

##### Foot Note 362

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 12 line 15 – p 13 line 1.

He stated that he lacked the technical depth to deal with issues relating to
delamination. 363

##### Foot Note 363

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 28 line 25 – p 29 line 4.

However, he did not qualify any of his e-mails or observations of delamination
with the caveat that he lacked technical expertise, nor did anyone his team
ever suggest that he was out of his depth. 364

##### Foot Note 364

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 27 line 16 – p 28 line 15.

He also repudiated any suggestion that he had been intimidated into saying
that delamination had occurred when it had not. 365

##### Foot Note 365

×

NE (24 March 2016) at p 226 line 22 – p 227 line 13.

Having considered the totality of his evidence and his demeanour under cross-
examination, I accept that Mr Attwood based his assertions of delamination on
the sounds emanating from the panels and on the prevailing view driven by
Kalzip, and the forceful Mr Carter, who formed and strongly held the view that
the sounds he heard meant that inner skin delamination had occurred. I
consider the expert evidence on these sounds at [196]–[204] below.

165 Mr Kolhatkar likewise sought to distance himself from his own assertions
of delamination. He testified at trial that his earlier e-mails to Mr Carter
(see [135], [140] and [147] above), which appeared to acknowledge that
delamination was a problem, did not in fact represent BFG’s views. In his
words, BFG was under “tremendous pressure” because Mr Carter “had a very
aggressive personality”, and so had to attend to Kalzip’s complaints of
delamination and formulate a remedial proposal while carrying out its own
investigations to verify the reports of delamination. While BFG’s own
investigations were underway in January and February 2010, Mr Kolhatkar did
not express any doubt that delamination had occurred because his e-mails were
“written in the spirit of a supplier/client relationship” with Kalzip. It was
only around the start of March 2010, after BFG’s investigations were
completed, that Mr Kolhatkar allegedly told Mr Carter that the only way to
verify if delamination had occurred was to physically inspect the bottoms of
the panels. 366

##### Foot Note 366

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 58 line 12 – p 60 line 8, p 61 lines 1–9.

Mr Kolhatkar also referred to a meeting with Mr Flook, at which they agreed to
assume that delamination had occurred so that BFG could work with Kalzip to
resolve the problem. 367

##### Foot Note 367

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 109 lines 3–13.

166 Mr Kolhatkar’s account rings a little hollow for four reasons.

(a) First, if BFG was still unsure whether delamination had occurred in
January and February 2010, it would have mentioned its doubts to Kalzip rather
than accept that this was so. As Mr Kolhatkar himself said, “If the
allegations were correct, there would have been serious commercial
implications for BFG.” Moreover, he claimed that his communications to Kalzip
on technical matters were “open, candid and truthful”. 368

##### Foot Note 368

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 72 lines 13–15, p 73 lines 6–8.

(b) Secondly, Mr Kolhatkar himself agreed under cross-examination that this
account was contradicted by the contents of his e-mail of 21 January 2010 to
Mr Carter (at [135] above). He accepted that that e-mail was based on the
assessment, judgment and report of an investigation team which he had
despatched onsite, comprising persons who were in Mr Kolhatkar’s view amply
qualified to investigate whether (and to what extent) delamination had
occurred. 369

##### Foot Note 369

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 62 lines 1–8; p 60 lines 9–17; p 40 line 24 – p 41
line 5.

They included Mr Anand and Mr Rade, whom Mr Kolhatkar described as product
experts. 370

##### Foot Note 370

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 51, lines 5–7.

He agreed that the reports of delamination from his team did not simply convey
Kalzip’s allegations of delamination, but were reports of what the team
assessed and judged for itself. 371

##### Foot Note 371

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 37 lines 14–23.

(c) Thirdly, Mr Kolhatkar informed Dr Samer by way of an e-mail on 8 February
2010 that BFG’s site inspection and remedy trials discovered delamination on
60 GRP panels on the casino building in addition to the sound of crumbling
aluminium honeycomb inside the GRP panels on the MICE building. 372

##### Foot Note 372

×

ABD 10E 6259; NE (29 March 2016) at p 96 lines 12–25.

Mr Kolhatkar had carefully distinguished between delamination and mere
metallic noises in his e-mail to Dr Samer on 8 February 2010, which must mean
that he recognised them as two legitimate and distinct concerns. This
distinction also appears in Mr Kolhatkar’s previous e-mails on 29 and 30
January and 2 February 2010 (see [140], [142] and [147] above). Mr Kolhatkar
testified that by 2 February 2010 he had concluded that “it was a mistake to
equate these noises that were being heard on the panels [during the site
surveys] with the panels having delaminated”. 373

##### Foot Note 373

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 89 line 21 – p 90 line 2, p 102 lines 18–22.

Moreover, even if it were true that Mr Kolhatkar felt intimidated by Mr
Carter, this could not explain why he felt the need to maintain the pretence
that delamination had occurred to Dr Samer. Mr Kolhatkar agreed that his
e-mails to Dr Samer would not have been subject to any such pressure. 374

##### Foot Note 374

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 109 line 23 – p 110 line 2.

(d) Fourthly, even after his alleged meeting with Mr Carter around the start
of March 2010, Mr Kolhatkar sent further correspondence which appeared to
accept that delamination had occurred. For example, on 3 March 2017, Mr
Kolhatkar e-mailed Mr Carter regarding “the delamination problem noticed on
the panels installed at CASINO and MICE sites”. 375

##### Foot Note 375

×

ABD 10E 6486.

Similarly, on 7 March 2010, Mr Kolhatkar e-mailed Dr Samer and others from
BFG. He wrote: 376

##### Foot Note 376

×

ABD 10E 6635.

Unfortunately our panels at site have real problems of low weight and
delamination of back skins. …

…

So the actual technical problem is that there are some panels that have not
been manufactured upto [sic] the required level of quality.

Mr Kolhatkar agreed that by his last sentence he was referring to the
manufacturing process that took place in BFG Philippines. 377

##### Foot Note 377

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 117 lines 17–19.

167 It does not make sense for Mr Kolhatkar to have reported delamination to
Dr Samer on the basis of his team’s report (see [166(c)] above), which he
understood was based wholly on the noise heard from the panels, if he did not
accept that this noise was indicative of delamination. Mr Kolhatkar ultimately
conceded that, contrary to his initial position, “it [was] clear that BFG
understood and accepted that there [were] delaminated panels on both the
casino and the MICE buildings” based on “assessments and judgments reached by
BFG’s site team”. 378

##### Foot Note 378

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 117 line 24 – p 118 line 6, p 123 lines 13–24.

168 I therefore find that BFG did come to the view in around January and
February 2010 that delamination had occurred in some of the panels on the
casino and MICE buildings. This can be seen in the language used in BFG’s
internal correspondence. However, this is subject to my comments on those
e-mails which do express a residual doubt. Mr Attwood’s e-mail of 1 February
2010 (see [146] above) shows that he concluded that some casino panels had
delaminated while the MICE panels had no delamination but were emitting noises
when walked on. The members of BFG’s site team also inspected the site and
arrived at the conclusion that delamination was a problem on the casino
building and, to a lesser extent, the MICE building. This was reported to Mr
Kolhatkar, who in turn reported to Dr Samer on 8 February that “[f]ew panels”
on the MICE building showed signs of delamination while the casino building
panels near the edge trim “show[ed] some delamination”, but which he
attributed to the workers onsite jumping on the panels between bays (see [147]
and [148] above). On the same day, Mr Rade reported to Mr Attwood that the
MICE building suffered both from “[p]anels with patches of delamination” and
“[p]anels where delamination is not evident but [there was] the metallic
cracking sound” (see [150] above). This was a view that BFG arrived at based
on its own site inspection. I therefore do not think that BFG was merely going
along with Kalzip’s impression that delamination had occurred.

169 Notwithstanding the foregoing, I do find that manufacturing these panels
with aluminium honeycomb, and in such large sizes, was something new to BFG.
There were understandable doubts on BFG’s part and some lack of confidence in
their product when vigorously attacked by Kalzip; this gave rise to internal
finger-pointing within BFG. As I have pointed out above at [122]–[162], these
e-mails, read fairly, also show that BFG was not completely certain that
delamination due to defective manufacturing had occurred. I have noted above
that no panel emitting crunching or crinkling noises was taken off its fixings
for inspection to confirm that delamination had occurred. Even Mr Attwood can
be seen to be changing his views of the cause of delamination. They swung from
mishandling by Kalzip to crumbling or failure of the aluminium honeycomb, a
hypothesis which no one pursued at trial. I also note that these e-mails
covered only a short span of time, a time when matters suddenly boiled over
and came to a head in January to early March 2010.

170 Even accepting that BFG’s own personnel accepted that delamination had
occurred, the question in this suit is whether they were correct to do so. For
the same reason, the fact that BFG submitted a remedial proposal to Kalzip can
only take Kalzip so far. I also conclude that the correspondence is not
determinative of Kalzip’s case for the following reasons:

(a) First, the significance of the sounds emanating from the panels when
walked upon is an important issue. It was these sounds which led Mr Carter, Mr
Attwood and Mr Mackay to form the view that the panels had delaminated, thus
leading to much of the correspondence described above (see [126], [138],
[144], [145], [156]–[158] above and [180] below). Mr Kolhatkar likewise
received reports of delamination from his team which he understood to be based
in turn on the noise that was reported to come from the panels onsite. 379

##### Foot Note 379

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 62 lines 18–23, p 72 lines 22–24, p 101 line 22 – p
102 line 3; also ABD 2B 430 at para 9 and [141] above.

However, he maintained at trial that “the noise observed in the aluminium
honeycomb while walking on the panels is due to the Metal FRP Interface and
does not represent any panel failure”. 380

##### Foot Note 380

×

ABD 2B 272 at para 157; ABD 2B 278 at para 175.

This requires a closer consideration of the sounds allegedly made by the GRP
panels, which I return to at [177] below.

(b) Secondly, Kalzip claims that the delamination was “extensive” based on the
four site surveys described above. However, these appear to have been recorded
on the premise that the sounds emitted by the panels were evidence of
delamination.

(c) Thirdly, BFG lacked experience manufacturing panels of this type of such a
large size (see [362]–[364] below), and may therefore have been mistaken in
concluding that delamination had occurred. I have already made this point at
[122] above.

(d) Fourthly, even if BFG accepted that some panels had delaminated, that
would only constitute a breach of contract on BFG’s part if the delamination
occurred because the panels were defective in the first place. As will be
seen, BFG alleges that any delamination which occurred is attributable to the
panels having been misused onsite.

(2) The site surveys

171 Kalzip makes much of the fact that the surveys were conducted jointly in
the presence of representatives from both MBS and BFG, none of whom raised
issues with the methodology adopted or challenged the allegation of
delamination. 381

##### Foot Note 381

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 231.

However, I do not accept the site surveys themselves as evidence of
delamination, for the following reasons.

172 First, it is not totally clear whether these surveys recorded areas which
emitted a particular sound (as Mr Kolhatkar 382

##### Foot Note 382

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 89 lines 1–7.

and Mr Flook 383

##### Foot Note 383

×

ABD 2B 318 at para 19; NE (24 March 2016) at p 188 lines 7–18 and p 196 line
14 – p 197 line 4.

claimed), or which both “exhibited signs of sagging and emitted cracking
sounds when walked upon” (as Mr Mackay claimed). The surveys themselves do not
contain any legend stating the significance of the yellow annotations. Mr
Mackay agreed that it was impossible to tell from the surveys which panels may
have exhibited signs of sagging. 384

##### Foot Note 384

×

NE (22 March 2016) at p 112 lines 10–13.

Insofar as the surveys were based on crinkling or crunching sounds, I accept
Mr Wymond’s and Mr Maurieschat’s evidence that the crinkling sounds alone were
not evidence of delamination (see [205] below).

173 Secondly, there is much that is not clear about the surveys. For one, it
is not clear who attended which surveys. According to Kalzip’s Further and
Better Particulars in the arbitration, the attendees were as follows: 385

##### Foot Note 385

×

ABD 1L 363–365.

(a) 6 and 25 February 2010: Mr Carter (Kalzip), Mr Leong (Kalzip), Mr Peter
Morgan (Aedas), Mr Jan Oebeles (BFG) and Mr Peter Dooley (BFG)

(b) 2 and 8 March 2010: Mr Lenny Hill (Kalzip), Mr Leong (Kalzip), Mr Ted
Mahoney (BFG), Mr Peter Morgan (Aedas)

174 None of these persons were called to testify in the present suit. Instead,
Kalzip’s witnesses in the present suit claimed to have attended the site
surveys (though, significantly, none of them claimed to be responsible for
actually annotating the surveys). For example, Mr Attwood said that he
participated in “some” of the surveys but could not recall if he was present
at the surveys on 2 and 8 March 2010. 386

##### Foot Note 386

×

ABD 2B 303 at para 55 and 304 at para 60; NE (24 March 2016) at p 223 lines
14–16.

Mr Mackay recalled attending “at least one or two surveys” but could not
remember the actual dates and said that Mr Leong was “more in charge of doing
the surveys itself”. He was willing to accept that he “may not have been on
[the 6 February 2010] survey”. 387

##### Foot Note 387

×

NE (22 March 2016) at p 95 line 14 – p 97 line 25.

BFG submits that “there is no evidence at all” to show that Mr Mackay attended
any of the four site surveys and the court should therefore give little weight
to his evidence about the surveys. 388

##### Foot Note 388

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 426.

175 Thirdly, it is not true that BFG raised no objections to Kalzip’s
methodology of assessing delamination. As I have noted, Mr Kolhatkar sent an
e-mail on 2 February 2010 to Mr Carter explaining that the metallic noises
emanating from the panels on the MICE building roof were a “normal phenomenon”
and that the panels themselves did not show signs of delamination (see [147]
above). This explanation was included in the report jointly compiled by Mr
Attwood, Mr Anand and Mr Rade 389

##### Foot Note 389

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 51 line 24 – p 52 line 5.

(see [148] above). Besides this written evidence, Mr Rade testified that he
had raised an objection to Mr Carter about jumping on the panels to test for
delamination (see [145] above).

176 More importantly, as Kalzip itself says, BFG’s internal communications,
the four site surveys and the evidence given by its key witnesses at trial at
best establish that “BFG accepted that the GRP panels produced for the Project
had delaminated” [emphasis added]. 390

##### Foot Note 390

×

P reply submissions at para 3(c)(ii).

While BFG did occasionally raise concerns about the methodology used to
identify delamination, the correspondence between the parties and within BFG
internally establish that BFG accepted that delamination had occurred.
However, whether the panels in fact delaminated is a different issue. Mr
Carter, who related the sounds of “crunching” to the phenomenon of
delamination, was described by Kalzip as “lack[ing] the necessary expertise in
GRP, a highly specialized composite material”. 391

##### Foot Note 391

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 33.

I therefore turn to the sounds which were described.

(3) Cracking, crackling, crunching and crinkling sounds

177 The noises made by the panels when walked or stepped on were variously
described as “cracking”, “crackling”, “crunching” and “crinkling” by different
persons. They are described in much of the correspondence as “metallic”
sounds. The variety and subjectivity of these descriptions make it difficult
to identify exactly what sounds were heard, and what they could have been
caused by. Mr Mackay’s evidence exemplifies these difficulties. He used the
first three terms in the following ways:

(a) Mr Mackay allegedly heard “cracking” sounds when walking on the panels in
January 2010, as well as during site inspections on 26 February 2010 and 2
March 2010 (see [126] and [157] above). Mr Mackay seemed to equivocate this to
deep “crunching” sounds, and associated this sound with sponginess of the
panel (see [126] above).

(b) Three of the four site survey diagrams, which were shaded to show
delamination, allegedly captured panel sagging and “crackling” sounds (see
[149], [154] and [157] above). In his AEIC, however, Mr Mackay stated that a
“crackling” sound was indicative of crushed honeycomb or resin-coated
honeycomb and could be contrasted with “crunching” sounds (see [220] below).
The fourth site survey, on 8 March 2010, is described in terms of “cracking”
sounds (see [158] above) but Mr Mackay stated during cross-examination that
this was probably a typographical error and was meant to be “crackling”. 392

##### Foot Note 392

×

NE (22 March 20160 at p 106 lines 22–25.

178 During cross-examination, Mr Mackay distinguished these sounds as follows:
393

##### Foot Note 393

×

NE (22 March 2016) at p 56 line 14 – p 57 line 24, p 110 lines 2–8.

Q. … Are you now suggesting to the court that the term “cracking noise” is
interchangeable with “crunching noise” and that it is also interchangeable
with “crackling noise”?

A. It’s -- there’s basically two that I could hear up on the roof, and it was
just a light crackling, and then there was like a deep -- kind of a crunching
sound itself.

Q. So when there’s a light crackling sound, it is different from what you
described to be a deep crunching sound, correct?

A. Yes, that’s correct.

Q. So, two different things.

A. Yes.

Q. Would you agree with me that the crackling sound should not concern anyone?

A. When we walked on the roof and just heard the light crackling, it was still
-- the panel was still quite intact, was still fairly solid, so it --

Q. I take it you agree with me.

A. Yes.

Q. Thank you. Are you suggesting then that the cracking noise is
interchangeable with crunching noise, or the crackling noise is
interchangeable with the crunching noise? Which is which?

A. Basically, the crackling noise is a light crackling sound, which the panel
seemed to be okay to walk on. You would hear that noise, but the crunching
sound was a different -- well, a different sound, and plus a different issue,
where if you walked on the area where it was a deep crunching, your actually
-- your foot on the panel would just go down itself, like deflate, compared to
the actual crackling sound.

…

A. … it is two completely different -- different items with the crackling and
also with crunching. The crackling was -- the panel would still be fairly
straight, so to speak, but the crunching, it actually -- it would actually
drop down the panel, deflect, and obviously the sound itself was completely
different.

179 Mr Mackay therefore agreed that the “crackling sounds” allegedly recorded
in the four site surveys could not be relied upon to suggest delamination.
However, he then said that there were also deeper crunching sounds, but he
could not remember at which (if any) of the four site surveys he had attended
that he heard these crunching sounds, or the ratio of crackling to crunching
sounds heard. 394

##### Foot Note 394

×

NE (22 March 2016) at p 107 line 1 – p 108 line 9.

180 I place no weight on Mr Mackay’s evidence on the significance of the
various sounds. He was a factual witness, not an expert witness, and was
prepared on that basis to withdraw his opinion that crunching sounds indicated
structural failure. 395

##### Foot Note 395

×

NE (22 March 2016) at p 110 lines 17–25.

Moreover, his view that the sounds emitted by the panels were indicative of
delamination appears to have been based on Mr Carter’s assertions. According
to Mr Mackay, Mr Carter told him that the noise emitted was the same as sounds
which he had heard during factory inspections in 2008 and 2009, when they were
indicative of inner skin delamination. 396

##### Foot Note 396

×

ABD 1B 21 at para 46.

But Mr Mackay was not present at those inspections and could not vouch for the
accuracy or veracity of Mr Carter’s view: 397

##### Foot Note 397

×

NE (22 March 2016) at p 50 line 18 – p 52 line 5.

Q. What you say … is that Carter told you he was concerned, correct?

A. Yes, correct, yeah.

Q. And Carter told you he was concerned because Carter is associating the
noise on that day, January 2010, with the noise from factory inspections in
September 2008 and April 2009, correct?

A. Yes, he did mention it.

Q. But you were not present at the factory inspections of 3 September 2008 or
23 April 2009, correct?

A. Yes, correct, no.

Q. So you would not be able to validate any opinion that the noise in January
2010 was the noise that was the same as the historical sound that was heard?

A. Yes, that’s correct.

Q. And you wouldn’t know if Mr Carter walked on the panels in September 2008
or 23 April 2009 at a factory, correct?

A. He mentioned it was the same, same noise as his factory visit.

Q. But would you know whether Mr Carter walked on panels during those factory
visits in September 2008 and April 2009?

A. I don’t -- no, I could not remember, no, him saying he was walking on the
panels.

Q. In short, Mr Mackay, you have no knowledge of the circumstances of what was
observed at the factory inspections that Mr Peter Carter told you of, correct?

A. Correct, yes.

Q. Would you agree with me that it is entirely possible that the conditions on
the roof in January 2010 would be different from the conditions in the
factory, correct?

A. Yes, correct.

181 Mr Carter himself was not a witness in the Suit. His conclusion that noise
was indicative of delamination was wrong, because the samples which
delaminated during the two factory visits were not representative of the
actual GRP panels. They differed in one or more of the following ways: (a)
they were smaller than an actual GRP panel, were not edge-sealed and may not
have had Z-strips; (b) they had not been made using the intended
reinforcements and resin; and (c) they had not undergone vacuum-bagging. I
have explained in detail at [110]–[121] above why the factory inspections of 3
September 2008 and 23 April 2009 did not in fact show evidence of
delamination. Mr Mackay also conceded that it was “pure conjecture or
speculation” to conclude that the lower face of a panel which produced those
sounds had delaminated, because it was impossible to actually see the inner
skin while walking on the panels. 398

##### Foot Note 398

×

NE (22 March 2016) at p 53 lines 12–17.

Mr Mackay’s evidence suggests at best that he did in fact hear the sounds
which he described. I should add that, unlike Mr Mackay, Mr Attwood and Mr
Rade did not distinguish between two types of sounds; they described what they
heard (and what was heard on the panels during the site surveys) only in terms
of “crunching” sounds.

182 I now turn to the expert evidence on the significance of these sounds. The
experts relied heavily on the 2015 Tests in forming their conclusions about
the significance of the sounds. I first describe these tests and their results
before turning to the experts’ opinions.

(A) The 2015 Tests

183 As none of the original GRP panels which were actually installed in the
Project were preserved, Mr Wymond commissioned BFG to manufacture and test
additional panels for the purpose of the 2015 Tests. A series of sample panels
was made, supposedly in the same way that the GRP panels had been
manufactured. Each sample panel measured approximately 6m long and 3m wide
with inserts and clips at 800mm spacing on each side and staggered at 400mm
centres along the centre of the panel. 399

##### Foot Note 399

×

ABD 3C 840 at para 139.

Nine panels were tested: seven that were standard, and two that were
manufactured so as to have “floating” inner skins – ie, inner skins that were
totally delaminated. The seven standard panels were tested in the following
way, and with the following results: 400

##### Foot Note 400

×

ABD 3C 955, 956 and 959.

(a) First, a point load test was carried out by imposing a statically-applied
load of 1.1 kN on the panels. No local damage was caused to the panels. A tap
test was carried out on the underside of the panel after the test and no
delamination was recorded.

(b) Secondly, a positive pressure test was carried out by first pre-loading
the panel and then loading it to 0.75 kPa. The deflection readings were
consistent with the calculations. A tap test was carried out on the underside
of the panel after the test and no delamination was recorded.

(c) Thirdly, a negative pressure test was carried out by first pre-loading the
panel and then loading it to -2.0 kPa. The deflection readings were consistent
with the calculations. A tap test was carried out on the underside of the
panel after the test and no delamination was recorded.

(d) Fourthly, a cyclic maintenance loading test was carried out. This involved
five men (weighing between 69kg and 110kg) taking turns to walk across one
half of a 6m by 3m panel in a zigzag pattern, each man walking 20 cycles,
making a total of 100 cycles. 401

##### Foot Note 401

×

ABD 3C 845; NE (31 March 2016) at p 76 line 23 – p 79 line 3.

According to the test report, the noise of aluminium honeycomb crinkling was
present and consistent throughout and there was no difference in noise from
variations in a person’s weight or with the number of cycles. 402

##### Foot Note 402

×

ABD 3C 959.

A tap test was carried out on the underside of the panel after the test and no
delamination was recorded.

(e) The panels were then subjected to a repeat positive pressure test and
repeat negative pressure test as at (b) and (c) above. The panels did not
deflect much more than they had prior to undergoing the cyclic maintenance
loading test. The two halves of the panel (only one of which was walked on
during the cyclic maintenance loading test) had approximately equal
deflections.

184 The two panels with “floating” inner skins were subjected first to a
positive pressure test (0.75 kPa), then to a negative pressure test (-2.0
kPa), then to walking. The deflection readings were consistent with
calculations (ie, not excessive).

185 Following these tests at Kaskal on 17 and 18 August 2015, smaller segments
were cut from both the standard and delaminated panels which had been tested
and sent to Fraunhofer IFAM for further tests. 403

##### Foot Note 403

×

ABD 4C 1215–1217.

Mr Maurieschat also obtained cut samples from some panels which had originally
been produced for installation in the Project, but which were never installed
because they exhibited defects, for example scratches in the gel coat. 404

##### Foot Note 404

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 131 lines 2–9.

These panels had therefore been left in the Philippines. BFG personnel
selected some of these for testing 405

##### Foot Note 405

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 132 lines 15–16.

, cut 11 samples from three panels selected at random 406

##### Foot Note 406

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 133 line 24 – p 134 line 1; ABD 3C 1095.

, and sent the cut samples to Mr Maurieschat. The only evidence that these cut
samples had come from the panels manufactured for the Project was that each
was labelled with a code from “OL-1” to “OL-11”. 407

##### Foot Note 407

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 134 line 18 – 135 line 17.

The following tests were then conducted at Fraunhofer IFAM on 14 September
2015:

(a) Noise tests: specimens which had not been charged with any load before
were mounted in a sample and subjected to a compression load exerted through a
dolly. The compression load was gradually increased until the first crinkling
sound was heard, at which point the load was recorded. These tests showed that
the panels manufactured exactly as per the documented materials and
manufacturing processes began producing crinkling sounds at about 20–40kg of
force. The test panels did not exhibit any delamination and were then
subjected to direct pull-out tests (also referred to as tensile tests) to test
their structural adequacy. 408

##### Foot Note 408

×

ABD 3C 843 at para 7.5.2; ABD 4C 1221 at para 185.

(b) Direct pull-out tests, also referred to as tensile tests: 20cm-by-20cm
samples were cut out of each panel sample and cored with a diameter of 117mm.
Only the inner skin of the sample was cored; the aluminium honeycomb was not
torn or subjected to significant pressure. 409

##### Foot Note 409

×

ABD 3C 842 at para 149.

The inner layers of the test samples were bonded with a dolly and then
subjected to a pull-out test by a testing machine with a 20 kN load cell. The
results showed that there was sufficient adhesion between the aluminium
honeycomb and the inner skin even though the specimens had begun making
crinkling noises. 410

##### Foot Note 410

×

ABD 4C 1221 at para 185.

186 Kalzip and its experts raise various arguments to cast doubt on the
reliability and persuasiveness of the 2015 Tests. I examine these in turn and
explain why I am not persuaded by them.

(I) Provenance and suitability of the samples

187 First, Kalzip attempts to discredit the 2015 Tests by casting doubt on the
provenance and suitability of the samples allegedly derived from panels
produced in 2010. 411

##### Foot Note 411

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 114; Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at
para 259.

Mr Wymond did not personally investigate the provenance of these panels and
appears to have simply accepted on the faith of photographs showing the tag
markings of the panels set into the panels by resin that they were indeed
panels from the original production run. 412

##### Foot Note 412

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 93 lines 7–20, pp 95–96.

BFG witnesses did not mention any of these original panel samples. Mr Wymond
could not comment on the suitability of the panels for testing from a material
perspective, and agreed that there “may have been an issue” if, for example,
the panels had been “stored in a way that had caused corrosion or some sort of
deterioration” or if the panels were “subject to a cyclone in the
Philippines”. 413

##### Foot Note 413

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 88 lines 12–14, p 89 lines 5–15.

188 I am not persuaded by Kalzip’s submission. Mr Maurieschat, who received
the samples from BFG, confirmed that he had visited BFG’s Philippines facility
before the preparation of the samples and personally saw those panels onsite
labelled with their production dates. He also received a report from Mr Rade
as proof that the samples which were sent to him were extracted from the
original panels for the Project. 414

##### Foot Note 414

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 126 lines 10–14, p 127 lines 9–16 and 20–24.

As for the suitability of the panels, Mr Wymond’s concern was that the
original panels may have deteriorated with time depending on the conditions of
their storage. There would be no reason to expect them to have performed
better in the 2015 Tests than they would have in 2010.

(II) Differences between the 2015 Test samples and the GRP panels

189 Mr Green and Mr Wymond agreed that if the GRP panels supplied to the
Project were identical to the test panels used in 2015, they would have met
the Sub-Contract requirements. Prof Nonhoff likewise accepted that Mr
Maurieschat’s pull-out test 415

##### Foot Note 415

×

ABD 4C 1259.

, assuming the results were accurate, showed that the samples achieved a good
bond between the aluminium honeycomb and the inner skin, and that if the GRP
panels had shared these characteristics, they would not have delaminated. 416

##### Foot Note 416

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 67 line 13 – p 71 line 20.

However, whereas Mr Wymond took the view that the panels were made to the same
specification and had the same composition, 417

##### Foot Note 417

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 213 lines 10–13; NE (30 March 2016) at p 18 lines
7–12.

Mr Green thought that the panels tested in the 2015 Tests were not
representative of the panels supplied to the Project. 418

##### Foot Note 418

×

ABD 2C 589 at para 3.11.

190 Mr Maurieschat and Mr Premamoorthy gave evidence that the same quality
control and manufacturing documents were used in 2009–2010 and in 2015 419

##### Foot Note 419

×

ABD 4C 1202 at para 151.

, and that the 2015 Test panels had been through an identical manufacturing
process as that used in 2009–2010 (described in detail at [316] below) 420

##### Foot Note 420

×

ABD 2B 423 at para 142; NE (30 March 2016) at p 18, lines 14–22.

, save for minor deviations which were unlikely to have any impact on the
performance of the panels to the specifications. 421

##### Foot Note 421

×

ABD 4C 1201 at paras 147–148; ABD 4C 1193 at para 129.

At trial, however, Mr Maurieschat and Mr Premamoorthy agreed that there were
three differences between the manufacturing process in 2009–2010 and that used
in 2015, in relation to how the inner skin was manufactured after the
aluminium honeycomb and upper skin were subjected to vacuum-bagging:

(a) In 2009–2010, after the vacuum-bagging process, the three layers of matter
which would comprise the inner skin of the GRP panel were introduced to the
mould one at a time. In 2015, however, the three layers were introduced to the
mould together. 422

##### Foot Note 422

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 147 lines 16–20; NE (1 April 2016) at p 136 lines 2–8.

(b) In 2009–2010, resin was applied to the first layer of chopped strand mat
(“CSM”) 225 (a process known as “pre-wetting”) before it was introduced to the
mould. In 2015, the three layers were dry when they were introduced to the
mould. 423

##### Foot Note 423

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 147 lines 8–14; NE (1 April 2016) at p 137 lines 2–10.

(c) In 2009–2010, the layers were laid flat on the aluminium honeycomb in the
mould. In 2015, the layers were folded. 424

##### Foot Note 424

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 147 lines 21–25; NE (1 April 2016) at p 139 lines
10–18.

I note there was some disagreement over how exactly they were folded.
According to Mr Maurieschat, the three layers were folded down the middle and
resin applied to them as folded; they were then unfolded and more resin
applied; they were then folded again in the other direction and resin applied;
and finally they were unfolded and resin applied again. According to Mr
Premamoorthy, resin was applied as each of the three layers were folded one at
a time. 425

##### Foot Note 425

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 145 lines 4–20.

Regardless of this difference, the fact remains that they were folded, whereas
the layers in 2009 were not. (I note that Mr Premamoorthy subsequently said
that there was folding in 2009 426

##### Foot Note 426

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 149 line 25 – p 150 line 5, p 151 lines 14–18.

, but this was not described in his AEIC and appears to have been an
afterthought.)

191 Mr Maurieschat considered that these differences were not important or
material; they were simply alternative ways of introducing the CSM to the
mould. 427

##### Foot Note 427

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 140 lines 17–25, p 144 line 18 – p 145 line 1.

Nor did the other experts testify that these differences would have led to
differences in performance between the GRP panels produced in 2009–2010 and
the test panels produced in 2015. I therefore do not find that these
differences in manufacturing process invalidate the conclusions of the 2015
Tests.

192 Kalzip seeks to discredit Mr Maurieschat’s view that the differences
between the two manufacturing processes were unimportant and immaterial, on
the basis that his knowledge of the 2009–2010 manufacturing process was
limited. In particular, Mr Maurieschat only conducted a desktop review of the
2009–2010 manufacturing process and only saw one process control sheet (“PCS”)
– a document recording critical parts of the manufacturing process for the
panel – from the 2009–2010 production run even though there ought to have been
one PCS per panel for 3,421 panels. 428

##### Foot Note 428

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 153 lines 16–20, p 154 lines 20–23, p 157 lines 9–11;
NE (23 March 2016) at p 235 line 2; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras
108 and 358(b); Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 351.

The one PCS which Mr Maurieschat obtained was for panel 16 of bay 7 of the
MICE building roof, which was indicated on the site survey dated 8 March 2010
as non-delaminated. 429

##### Foot Note 429

×

ABD N 338; NE (3 October 2016) at p 39.

Indeed, Mr Maurieschat conceded that he ought to have asked for more PCS. 430

##### Foot Note 430

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 174 lines 11–19, p 177 lines 8–17.

However, I do not agree that this invalidates Mr Maurieschat’s opinion. Mr
Maurieschat personally audited the 2015 manufacturing process, and Mr
Premamoorthy helped to develop the 2009–2010 manufacturing process. 431

##### Foot Note 431

×

ABD 4C 1162–1200; NE (1 April 2016) at p 93 line 25 – p 94 line 3; Plaintiff’s
Closing Submissions at para 358(b).

Together they were able to provide a reliable comparison of the two processes.
Absent any positive evidence that the manufacturing processes as described by
Mr Premamoorthy and Mr Maurieschat were inaccurate or not adhered to, I see no
reason to doubt their descriptions thereof. There is nothing to contradict Mr
Maurieschat’s opinion that the differences would not have been material to
performance.

193 I therefore do not think that the 2015 Tests are unreliable simply because
of differences in the manufacturing process between 2009–2010 and 2015. Even
if this criticism were valid, it would not apply to the tensile tests
conducted by Fraunhofer IFAM on panels which had been manufactured in 2010.
Moreover, a shear test conducted by Fraunhofer IFAM showed that the minimum
strength of the 2010 panels was greater than that of the new panels, thus
suggesting that the 2015 test panels were not deliberately made stronger for
the purpose of testing. 432

##### Foot Note 432

×

ABD 4C 1335 at para 47.

(III) Methodology of the 2015 Tests

194 When asked about the 2015 Tests performed by Mr Maurieschat, Prof Nonhoff
said he thought that most of these were done “properly and right”, but that
the “boundary conditions” for some tests were “not right”. 433

##### Foot Note 433

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 57 lines 20–25.

The noise test specimens differed from the GRP panels in a few ways:

(a) In the noise test, the force from the dolly was applied to a sample
measuring 200cm by 200cm, which was much smaller than an actual panel.

(b) The noise test sample lay on a square frame, whereas the GRP panels would
have lain on three rails, and stepping in between two rails could have
produced a different effect from stepping on a part of the panel lying
directly over a rail. 434

##### Foot Note 434

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 60 line 17–24; p 62 lines 11–23; p 66 lines 11–13; p 66
line 15 – p 67 line 4.

(c) The noise test samples had exposed edges, unlike the GRP panels. 435

##### Foot Note 435

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 194 lines 17–22.

In Prof Nonhoff’s view, the samples “exhibited crinkling noises because the
edges of the panel were free”. 436

##### Foot Note 436

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 7 lines 21–24.

195 Mr Maurieschat’s response to these points was that it did not actually
matter whether the GRP panels would also have emitted sounds under these
conditions; the noise test was undertaken purely for the purpose of verifying
whether the emission of such noises was necessarily proof of delamination. 437

##### Foot Note 437

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 61 lines 5–9; p 65 lines 8–17.

I accept his explanation. There is no apparent reason, and Prof Nonhoff did
not offer any, why the difference in boundary conditions should disturb Mr
Maurieschat’s conclusions about the correlation between the noises emitted and
the presence of delamination.

(B) BFG’s experts’ views on the sounds

196 Mr Wymond’s expert view was that the sounds could not necessarily be
correlated with deformation of the honeycomb. The 2015 Tests showed that
crinkling did not necessarily show any structural inadequacy:

(a) The cyclic maintenance loading test during the 2015 Tests showed that the
crinkling or crunching sound did not indicate delamination or structural
inadequacy. Even though a crinkling sound was present over many cycles of
walking, the panels which produced these sounds were not delaminated at the
end of the test. 438

##### Foot Note 438

×

ABD 3C 845.

(b) The tests conducted at Fraunhofer IFAM showed that noise occurred as a
result of applying pressure directly to the GRP panels, but no delamination
occurred and there was no change to the structural performance of the test
specimens. 439

##### Foot Note 439

×

ABD 3C 843 at paras 153 and 154; ABD 3C 846 at para 175.

Indeed, during the noise test, samples which emitted crinkling sounds in the
range of 475N to 647N were nevertheless able to carry loads of between 1100N
and 2078N. 440

##### Foot Note 440

×

ABD 3C 844 at para 161.

197 Mr Maurieschat also relied on the 2015 Tests for his conclusion that there
was no evidence of delamination in the panels which Prof Nonhoff claimed to
have observed. 441

##### Foot Note 441

×

ABD 4C 1492 at para 43.

These tests showed that the panels began producing crinkling sounds at about
20–40kg of force, leading Mr Maurieschat to conclude that someone walking on
the panels would be enough to cause them to generate crinkling noises. 442

##### Foot Note 442

×

ABD 4C 1221 at para 184.

However, these same panels were not delaminated and the direct pull-out
tensile tests showed that they were able to withstand specified loads even
though they had produced crinkling noises. 443

##### Foot Note 443

×

ABD 4C 1210 at paras 169–170.

198 If that is the case, what caused the GRP panels to make the sounds which
were heard? I reiterate that at least two different sounds were heard by Mr
Mackay: a lighter crinkling sound and what Mr Mackay described as a “deep
crunching sound”. Mr Maurieschat opined that the noises were simply a
characteristic of the panels – specifically, a result of extra resin pooling
at the junctions of the upper skin (ie, the lower layer of fibreglass in the
mould) and the aluminium honeycomb. When forces were applied to the panel (for
example, people walking on it), the resin would start chipping off with a
cracking noise and there would also be a crinkling noise as a result of the
basic aluminium honeycomb foil spring action. The two of these noises together
might be described as cracking and/or crinkling noises. The noise of the resin
chipping off would stop after the panels had been walked on several times,
whereas the crinkling noise of the deformation of the aluminium honeycomb
foils would continue. This suggested that the crinkling noises heard during
the 2015 Tests were not due to delamination, since they would have stopped
after the panels delaminated if that were the case. 444

##### Foot Note 444

×

ABD 4C 1210 at paras 169–170; NE (30 March 2016) at p 70 line 20 – p 71 line
7.

199 Mr Wymond took the same view. He observed that, during the walking test,
the panels did not initially produce a crunching sound but began producing a
consistent crunching sound after a few cycles of walking. This was “consistent
with the upper skin initially providing a load spreading platform through
excess resin in the honeycomb, but once the excess resin was cracked the
panels made a regular and consistent crinkling sound with each step”. This
sound was not an indicator of delamination but was due to deformation of the
honeycomb. 445

##### Foot Note 445

×

ABD 3C 814 at para 67; ABD 3C 844 at para 166; ABD 3C 845 at para 174; NE (30
March 2016) at p 63 lines 8–19.

At trial Mr Wymond stated (and Mr Maurieschat agreed): 446

##### Foot Note 446

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 67 lines 15–23.

On the delaminated panel, when you walk on it, you do hear a different sound,
it’s a crunching sound, but I don’t necessarily believe you can correlate the
deformation of the honeycomb foil with the crunching noise. I think the
crinkling noise is caused by the deformation of the honeycomb. I think the
crunching noise is coming from the resin.

200 Kalzip relies on this statement in support of the proposition that “a
delaminated panel would produce a ‘crunching’ sound if one was to walk on it”.
447

##### Foot Note 447

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 260; Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at
para 254(a)(ii).

But that is not how I understand Mr Wymond’s evidence. The phenomenon that he
and Mr Maurieschat were referring to was when excess resin that had flowed
over the honeycomb cracked. 448

##### Foot Note 448

×

ABD 3C 845 at para 174.

Mr Maurieschat explained this in the following terms: 449

##### Foot Note 449

×

ABD 4C 1215 at para 171.

This is a non-structural brittle fillet of cast resin without any
reinforcements to strengthen it. When movements are applied to the panel,
these fillets start chipping off with a crack like noise. As the walking
continues more filets [sic] would chip off. In addition, the basic aluminium
honeycomb foil spring action crinkling noise would also be mixed with the
fillet noise. Hence we can see the noise sometimes described as cracking noise
and sometimes crinkling noise as it would be a combination of these noises.
The fillet noise would stop after several walks and the crinkling noise of the
aluminium honey-comb foils would continue. If this noise was due to
delamination, after delamination the noise should have stopped. A laminate,
once delaminated cannot delaminate again. However as the crinkling noise is
due to the aluminium foil deformation and not any delamination, the crinkling
noise is observed to continue with repeated walking on the panels. The panels
passing the load test, after having noise with walk, also confirms that the
noise does not mean delamination. These are my observations from the
experience of sandwich laminate constructions and observations during the
investigation tests commissioned by me in Bangkok Kaskal and Germany
Fraunhofer IFAM laboratories.

201 BFG’s experts therefore took the position that the sounds emitted by the
panels were not indicative of delamination. I pause here to note that though
BFG’s experts attributed the sounds to deformation of the honeycomb, Kalzip
has not alleged any contractual breach on BFG’s part in relation to such
deformation.

(C) Kalzip’s experts’ views on the sounds

202 Prof Nonhoff thought that the crunching noises that he had heard were
“symptomatic of structural failure” and “indicative of” delamination. 450

##### Foot Note 450

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 5 lines 14–15; ABD 1C 38 at para 72.

He disagreed that crinkling or crunching noises were characteristic of GRP
panels. Prof Nonhoff attested to having walked across a lot of panels with a
honeycomb construction in his career, and never having heard any crinkling
sounds, 451

##### Foot Note 451

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 64 line 25 – p 65 line 3.

though he thought it “perfectly normal” to hear a light crinkling sound when
stepping around the edges of a cored hole. 452

##### Foot Note 452

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 7 lines 8–14.

By contrast, an intact panel would only produce crunching noises “if one of
the face layers is delaminated or the honeycomb is crushed locally”. 453

##### Foot Note 453

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 7 lines 15–18.

In his view, “[i]f a panel with a sandwich construction is properly
manufactured then practically no sound should be audible”. 454

##### Foot Note 454

×

ABD 2C 574 at para 21.

He stated: 455

##### Foot Note 455

×

ABD 1C 38 at para 72.

I would not, in my experience, expect a laminated GRP panel to make crunching
noises when walked on. During my inspection of the assembled roof in June
2010, I observed movement of the panels, which also made crunching noises, and
it is quite clear therefore whether a panel had delaminated or not. The
deflection levels of panels that had delaminated were significantly greater
than those that had not delaminated.

203 Prof Nonhoff disagreed that the crunching or crinkling sounds arose from
excess resin at the junction of the upper skin and the aluminium honeycomb,
because he had not observed any such excess resin in the panels he inspected
in 2010. The noises arose only because of delamination. 456

##### Foot Note 456

×

ABD 2C 574 at para 22.

Against this, however, I note that Mr Maurieschat’s expert report contained
close-up photographs of the upper skin, which he had annotated with the
following comments: “Dropped down resin onto the backside of the outer skin”
and “Cracks in the surface of the dropped down resin”. 457

##### Foot Note 457

×

ABD 4C 1212–1214.

Although Mr Maurieschat made this point at trial with reference to these very
photographs, Prof Nonhoff did not contradict Mr Maurieschat or express any
disagreement. 458

##### Foot Note 458

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 71 lines 4–9.

204 Mr Green stated that he knew “for a fact” that mere noise of the core was
not a normal phenomenon observed in aluminium-cored composite cladding panels,
because he had dealt with such panels and had walked on them without hearing
any noise. 459

##### Foot Note 459

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 192 lines 17–21.

However, Mr Green’s assertion lost much of its force when he conceded that he
had never walked on a fibreglass panel with an aluminium honeycomb core, as he
had not encountered one prior to this case. He had only had experience with an
aluminium-faced honeycomb panel. 460

##### Foot Note 460

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 62 line 22 – p 63 line 3.

Mr Green stated that he did not profess to be an expert on any aspect of
fibreglass skinned aluminium honeycomb panels, as that was Prof Nonhoff’s
realm. 461

##### Foot Note 461

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 185 lines 17–20.

He had also never worked with a product that combined aluminium with
fibreglass reinforced plastic. 462

##### Foot Note 462

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 193 lines 3–7.

(4) Sounds were not indicative of delamination

205 Having considered the expert evidence, I have formed the view that the
sounds heard from the panels (and which formed the basis for the four site
surveys), whether described as crunching, crinkling or cracking noises, were
not indicative of delamination. The idea that the crunching noises were
indicative of delamination appears to have lodged itself firmly in the mind of
Mr Carter at the time of the factory inspections on 3 September 2008 and 23
April 2009. Mr Carter was a forceful figure and was adamant that the noises
emitted by the GRP panels were proof of delamination. 463

##### Foot Note 463

×

NE (24 March 2016) at p 142 line 24, p 226 line 18; NE (29 March 2016) at p 59
line 19, p 106 lines 13–21; ABD 10e 6411.

This is borne out by his e-mail to Mr Kolhatkar in early March 2010, in which
he referred to a video that Mr Kolhatkar had sent; Mr Carter considered that
“the existing delamination is clearly evident from the audio in this video”
[emphasis added]. 464

##### Foot Note 464

×

ABD 10E 6526.31.

He then propagated this idea to Mr Mackay (see [180] above) and used it to
test for the presence of delamination onsite. 465

##### Foot Note 465

×

ABD 2B 318 at para 19; ABD 2B 422 at para 137.

But surprisingly, none of the panels which produced sounds were taken off
their fixings to confirm that they had in fact delaminated. This was the case
even after MBS made the decision to engage another contractor to replace all
the GRP panels with aluminium panels. Mr Mackay, as noted at [181] above,
conceded as much in cross-examination and agreed that it was “conjecture or
speculation” to say that the inner skin had delaminated based on the sounds
heard when walking on the panels “because it was impossible to view the lower
face or bottom skin”. 466

##### Foot Note 466

×

NE (22 March 2016) at p 49 line 4 – p 56 line 9.

The experts could not agree whether the sounds were evidence of delamination.
I find that the 2015 Tests constitute objective and convincing evidence that
the presence of such sounds does not indicate delamination. This is
corroborated by Kalzip’s core sampling video from 2 March 2010, which showed
that crinkling sounds were made by cored panels even if the core samples were
not delaminated. Insofar as the BFG correspondence was based on those sounds,
I do not find them to be proof of delamination.

206 The earlier correspondence from BFG appears to have proceeded on the
assumption that the sounds were evidence of delamination. Mr Attwood’s e-mail
on 7 December 2009 was based on Kalzip’s report of delamination, probably
based in turn on the sounds that had been heard, and his e-mails on 11, 18 and
27 January 2010 were likewise based on those sounds. Importantly, however,
there were various internal e-mails from end January to February 2010 which
distinguished between the problem of delamination and the mere emission of
metallic or “ALHC” (aluminium honeycomb) sounds (see [140], [146], [147],
[148], [150], [152] and [166(c)] above). Indeed, Mr Kolhatkar testified that
by 2 February 2010 he had concluded that “it was a mistake to equate these
noises that were being heard on the panels [during the site surveys] with the
panels having delaminated”. 467

##### Foot Note 467

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 89 line 21 – p 90 line 2, p 102 lines 18–22.

Unfortunately those e-mails do not say what other signs (besides the noises,
which were a different problem) led the team to deduce delamination, or how
widespread these were. Mr Kolhatkar was unable to explain why he had reported
delamination if he did not think that the noises were proof of this, though he
also mentioned that “there are six panels on which they had done the local
drilling”. 468

##### Foot Note 468

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 102 lines 13–14; see generally p 101 line 22 – p 105
line 4.

Mr Attwood’s e-mail at [146] mentions “drilling into panel front [face] and
examining the aluminium honeycomb”. What sort of drilling this was and what
the examination of the aluminium honeycomb showed were not explored at trial
with either Mr Attwood or Mr Kolhatkar. Indeed, Kalzip did not give much
attention to these e-mails, preferring to focus on the noises as evidence of
delamination. However, as I explain below, there were other phenomena besides
the noises – for example the fact that some panels deflected underfoot – that
appear to have led BFG to conclude that delamination had occurred (see
[225]–[226] below).

207 That concludes, for the present, my analysis of the correspondence from
BFG and the four site surveys. I now move on to other evidence of
delamination.

Prof Nonhoff’s inspection onsite in June 2010

208 Around 20–21 June 2010 469

##### Foot Note 469

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 211 lines 14–25.

, Prof Nonhoff visited the Project and inspected both the MICE and casino
building roofs. He walked the length of the MICE building roof and inspected
“a large number of panels”, and conducted a more limited inspection on the
casino building roof. 470

##### Foot Note 470

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 5 lines 1–12.

On both roofs, Prof Nonhoff noticed that a lot of the panels made loud
crunching noises; he states that his investigation established that these
sounds were a result of delamination: 471

##### Foot Note 471

×

ABD 2C 566–569 at paras 6–9.

(a) Prof Nonhoff knelt on the panels to identify the cause of the noise, and
it was clear to him that the noises were coming from the panels themselves and
not from the connections to the Kalzip roof.

(b) At two different positions where he heard loud noises and observed
deformation, the inspection team cored circular samples from the panels. 472

##### Foot Note 472

×

ABD 2C 575 at para 23(a); NE (30 March 2016) at p 5, lines 16–23.

These panels showed complete delamination of the inner skin and delamination
around the perimeter of the core hole, thus establishing that the crunching
noises were indicative of delamination. 473

##### Foot Note 473

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 5, lines 14–15.

A photograph of a cored sample shows that the inner GRP face of the cored
sample had delaminated from the aluminium honeycomb core. 474

##### Foot Note 474

×

ABD 2C 569–570 at paras 12–13.

Another photograph of the perimeter of the cored hole in a panel in situ shows
that the inner face had delaminated sufficiently from the honeycomb core for a
€1 coin (approximately 2mm thick) to be wedged between them. 475

##### Foot Note 475

×

ABD 2C 568 and 569 at paras 8 and 10.

209 Prof Nonhoff also “saw deformations of large areas when [he] and the other
people stepped on the panels”. 476

##### Foot Note 476

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 5 lines 11–13.

It was clear to him that the weight of the individuals walking on the panels
was causing “significant deformation”. In his view, this was only possible
because the panels were not made correctly; if the panels had been made
correctly, they could be walked on without any problem. 477

##### Foot Note 477

×

ABD 2C 567 at para 6.

210 I note that Prof Nonhoff has an advantage over the other experts in that
he managed to visit the panels onsite in 2010. However, his evidence does not
satisfy me that widespread delamination occurred on a balance of
probabilities, for the following reasons:

(a) Prof Nonhoff thought that the four site surveys were “consistent” with the
delamination he had observed. 478

##### Foot Note 478

×

ABD 1C 38 at para 73.

In his view, the “load-bearing ability of the GRP panels was clearly impaired
by the delamination of the inner face”. 479

##### Foot Note 479

×

ABD 1C 26 at para 27; ABD 1C 29 at para 35.

However, Prof Nonhoff accepted at trial that he was not present onsite in
February and March 2010, and could not correlate whatever sounds Kalzip
personnel had heard in those months to the sounds that he personally heard in
June 2010. While the noises heard by the Kalzip personnel had been described
to him, and he had formed “an idea” of what they were, he admitted that noises
could be interpreted differently by different people. 480

##### Foot Note 480

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 5 line 14 – p 6 line 1, p 7 lines 4–6 and 20–24.

(b) There is no documentation of Prof Nonhoff’s inspection; he agreed during
cross-examination that his inspections in 2010 were so poorly documented that
it was impossible to know what he had actually seen or heard. 481

##### Foot Note 481

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 9 lines 9–16.

I do not expect this of an expert giving expert evidence before me. As an
illustration, Aedas’ report of 22 January 2010 (see [227] below) carefully
documented the problems reported onsite, with photographic evidence and
comments, as well as identified the panels and components in question. In
contrast to Prof Nonhoff’s assertions that panels which produced crunching
sounds had delaminated, the 2015 Tests provide objective evidence that such
sounds do not show delamination.

(c) The only evidence from Prof Nonhoff’s inspection is the two photographs he
adduced of the cored samples. However, there is no video of the coring, so it
is impossible to tell if the coring was performed properly or not. 482

##### Foot Note 482

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 212 lines 16–22.

BFG submits that the coring process would have exerted vibration forces
causing the delamination. 483

##### Foot Note 483

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 509.

While Prof Nonhoff stated that he was present during core sampling and
observed that the circular samples were cored carefully with reduced cutting
speed, 484

##### Foot Note 484

×

ABD 2C 569 at para 9.

Mr Wymond considered that delamination could occur as a result of other
variables in the coring process even if the coring was done properly. 485

##### Foot Note 485

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 102 lines 5–8; p 104 lines 12–18.

Moreover, the coring was only carried out at two areas, 486

##### Foot Note 486

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 5 lines 16–19.

whereas Kalzip alleges that widespread delamination occurred across the
hundreds of panels installed.

(d) Prof Nonhoff acknowledged that in June 2010 and while preparing his first
expert report, he had assumed that there was delamination of the inner skin
(as opposed to concluding that this was the case from his own survey of the
evidence). It was only in his rebuttal report that he referred to evidence of
delamination. 487

##### Foot Note 487

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 202 lines 2–10; p 203 line 23 – p 204 line 8.

He also agreed that he had “not discharged [his] expert obligations to
properly analyse the nature and extent of the alleged delamination”, 488

##### Foot Note 488

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 4 lines 18–24.

and that delamination occurred only in very localised and limited areas of the
Project roofs. 489

##### Foot Note 489

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 10 line 18 – p 11 line 2.

(e) Prof Nonhoff’s view that the GRP panels “clearly did not meet the
requirements of Specification Revision C” was based on the structural tests
which I have discussed above and Mr Green’s analysis of those tests. 490

##### Foot Note 490

×

ABD 1C 26 at para 27; ABD 1C 29 at para 35; ABD 1C 37 at para 62.

For the reasons I have stated, these tests were not reliable evidence of
delamination, because they appear to have failed for other reasons (see
[75]–[97] above). 491

##### Foot Note 491

×

ABD 1C 29 at para 35.

Deflection underfoot and sagging

211 Besides the noises emitted by the panels, another phenomenon observed by
Mr Mackay and Prof Nonhoff was that there were areas of the panels which felt
“spongy” underfoot and/or deformed when walked upon (see [126] and [208]
above). Mr Mackay correlated this to the crunching sounds: 492

##### Foot Note 492

×

NE (22 March 2016) at p 168 line 17 – p 169 line 1.

It’s -- basically, your Honour, it’s -- when I walked on the panels, when you
come to an area, you’d -- like the deep crunching sound, you would actually --
your foot or your feet will just sag into the panel itself, like, it just gave
into the panel and deflected a lot, compared to walking on the typical panel
with -- just, say, with either crackling or no crackling involved. So it was
like a very spongy and deep-sounding crunching noise as well.

212 While Mr Rade denied that the panels would become “spongy” when
delaminated, he did say that delaminated panels would “deform more” when
walked upon 493

##### Foot Note 493

×

NE (24 March 2016) at p 149 lines 2–5, 11–23.

and that your feet would “sink in more”. 494

##### Foot Note 494

×

NE (24 March 2016) at p 163 lines 1–11.

However, he did not observe any such deformation during the site inspection on
1 February 2010 495

##### Foot Note 495

×

ABD 2B 339 at para 9; NE (24 March 2016) at p 148 lines 19–24.

, nor did Mr Premamoorthy when he walked on the panels in January 2010. 496

##### Foot Note 496

×

NE (24 March 2016) at p 59 lines 5–7.

213 BFG submits that what Mr Mackay described as “sponginess” when walking on
the panels was simply the natural bounciness they possessed given the
deflection limits to which they had been designed. 497

##### Foot Note 497

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 455.

I do not agree as that was not what Mr Mackay meant. Mr Mackay was clear that
when he was walking across the roof, he would come to “a spot where it would
be a deep crunch and very spongy” [emphasis added] and that it “wasn’t like on
the rest of the panels, where it was fairly solid” (see [126] above).

214 Mr Green was unable to comment on whether “spongy” was an appropriate term
in this case, having never seen the GRP panels, walked on them or performed
tests on them. 498

##### Foot Note 498

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 126 lines 19–25.

Mr Wymond said that “sponginess” was not an engineering term that he would
normally ascribe to the performance of a material; it was more appropriate to
talk about how much a panel was deflecting underfoot. 499

##### Foot Note 499

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 127 lines 14–20.

The experts agreed that a panel designed to experience greater deflections
would naturally feel less firm to someone walking on it; but the rate at which
it recovered from that downwards deflection would be a function of elasticity
and other characteristics of the panel. 500

##### Foot Note 500

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 129 line 17 – p 130 line 3.

As Mr Kolhatkar said, it was part of the “natural characteristics” of a panel
for it to deflect and return to its original shape when walked on, 501

##### Foot Note 501

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 75 lines 19–21, p 124 lines 20–22.

within the deflection limits to which it was designed.

215 Kalzip’s position was that a properly manufactured panel should be firm
and should not deflect when walked upon. 502

##### Foot Note 502

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 124 line 23 – p 125 line 2.

The experts appeared to be in agreement that deflection underfoot was
abnormal:

(a) Mr Green said that if a panel deflected underfoot, resulting in a
depression, that would suggest that there was something wrong with it, though
he could not say whether it would be due to crushing of the honeycomb or
delamination. He would not expect a panel to behave like that ordinarily. 503

##### Foot Note 503

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 72 lines 10–18.

(b) Prof Nonhoff agreed that deflection underfoot was abnormal. A panel whose
lower layer had delaminated from the honeycomb would be “softer” and deform
more underfoot because the shear forces could not be transferred. If the foot
was lifted from the panel, it would come back to its original position but not
as quickly as an intact panel. 504

##### Foot Note 504

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 74 lines 1–9.

However, he did not think this would occur as a result of the honeycomb giving
way. In that situation, one would not feel any deformation because the upper
skin would be hard and thick enough to support one’s weight. 505

##### Foot Note 505

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 72 line 20 – p 73 line 4.

(c) Mr Wymond agreed with Prof Nonhoff because the 2015 Tests showed that a
delaminated panel deflected more than a non-delaminated panel when stepped on.
506

##### Foot Note 506

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 76 lines 4–7.

(d) Mr Rade – who, though strictly speaking a factual witness, was a
structural design engineer and had been working with composite designs and
technology for many years 507

##### Foot Note 507

×

NE (24 March 2016) at p 135 lines 10–19.

– also said that if one stood over a delaminated area of a GRP panel, one
would expect to see the panel sag or deform. Apart from sagging, it would not
be possible to visually observe delamination from the top of the panels and Mr
Rade saw none. 508

##### Foot Note 508

×

NE (24 March 2016) at p 149 lines 6–10, p 152 lines 17–22.

216 I note that Mr Maurieschat said that he would expect “some spongy feeling
beneath your feet” while walking on a GRP panel which had nothing to do with
delamination of the bottom layer or deformation of the honeycombs. BFG relies
on this to say that the phenomenon of deflection underfoot does not indicate
delamination. 509

##### Foot Note 509

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 451–452.

However, I do not think that is what Mr Maurieschat meant. He said: 510

##### Foot Note 510

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 77 lines 1–20.

MR MAURIESCHAT: (In English) May I agree to many of what Mr Wymond says but
also as an additional explanation, of course, the behaviour or the feeling
during walking on that GRP panel is completely different to walking on a
concrete roof or whatever and, therefore, you maybe have some spongy feeling
beneath your feet but at least it does not have anything to do with
delamination of the inner layer or deforming of the honeycombs.

COURT: Yes. I think the witnesses were saying this: when I walk, I get one
feeling. No-one is saying it is like walking on a concrete floor. There may be
a bit of give, but suddenly one foot can sink down, spongy; it sinks.

MR MAURIESCHAT: (In English) Nothing I ever seen on the panels which we
investigated on the test in 2015.

COURT: Have you ever come across in your experience?

MR MAURIESCHAT: (In English) No.

217 As I understood him, Mr Maurieschat meant to say that a GRP panel would
ordinarily feel less firm than a concrete roof. However, he was quite clear
that he had not personally experienced one GRP panel sinking or deflecting
underfoot in a particularly pronounced way. This corroborated the other
experts’ views that a panel which did so would be abnormal.

218 However, the evidence of panels deflecting underfoot does not persuade me
that widespread delamination occurred. First, only Mr Mackay and Prof Nonhoff
positively attested to having experienced such deflection underfoot. Mr Rade
and Mr Premamoorthy denied having experienced this. Moreover, Mr Mackay’s
description of the deflections appears to have been exaggerated. His
descriptions of a foot “sag[ging] into the panel itself” and “[giving] into
the panel” and of panels being “very spongy” at a particular “spot” gave the
impression of a foot, importantly not both feet, suddenly sinking deeply into
a small area. This was incongruous with the composition and characteristics of
a GRP panel. As I explain at [244(c)] below, a delaminated skin would not
bulge out from the panel because of the stiffness of the skin. The fibreglass
skins were not soft and flexible; they were hard and fairly rigid. Indeed Prof
Nonhoff made the point that, if the honeycomb core were to give way, the upper
skin would break rather than bend if loaded excessively, because of its
stiffness (see also [215(b)] above). 511

##### Foot Note 511

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 72 line 20 – p 73 line 4.

The experts also agreed that any delamination which occurred would have been
localised due to the presence of Z-strips (see [162] and [210(d)] above and
[250] below). I therefore find it difficult to imagine that stepping on an
area suffering from inner skin delamination could have caused that small area
around one foot to dramatically deflect downwards. The stiffness of both the
inner and outer skins, and the reinforcement provided by the Z-strips, would
have limited the deflection underfoot. At most, if someone stepped on a panel
which had widespread delamination, the entire panel would have curved
downwards more noticeably. This was shown in the video of the core sampling
exercise on 2 March 2010, during which Mr Carter jumped on the mock-up panel
and the panel deflected downwards across its entire surface slightly. The core
sampling team also walked and pressed down with the balls of their feet over
the panels to detect cracking or crinkling sounds, and yet the video does not
show any panels suddenly or dramatically dipping or sinking under their
weight, though I could hear crinkling noises from the panels. There is not a
single photograph of a panel deflecting substantially underfoot at a
particular spot while being stepped or walked on.

219 Furthermore, none of the panels which allegedly deflected underfoot were
removed and examined or tested, so there is no way of knowing how much they
deflected; how much of this deflection was natural for a panel designed to the
deflection limits specified in the Sub-Contract and how much was unnatural;
and whether other factors (besides delamination) could have contributed to
this phenomenon.

220 There also appears to have been another, different phenomenon – namely, an
enduring deformation of the panels. Mr Attwood’s e-mail of 30 January 2010,
for example, mentioned “sponginess” in the subject but attached the one
photograph of a panel that appeared to be slightly depressed although there
was nothing atop it (see [143] above). Mr Mackay also alluded to this
possibility in his AEIC: 512

##### Foot Note 512

×

ABD 1B 34 at para 83.

If this was merely a case of crushed honeycomb or resin-coated honeycomb, the
panels, when stepped upon, would have emitted a simple crackling sound. This
was not the case here. Instead, they emitted a deep crunching sound, which
pointed to the failure of the structural integrity of the panel as a whole.
Another telling indication was the fact that the spot on the GRP panels, which
had been walked upon during all the site inspections, deflected downwards in a
permanent manner, and did not re-level upwards again.

[emphasis added]

221 Mr Mackay also referred to this at trial: 513

##### Foot Note 513

×

NE (22 March 2016) at p 169 lines 14–25.

[I]t’s quite difficult to actually see the sagging because of the panels with
the same contrast of white, but you’d notice it if there was any rain, there
would be a pooling of water or construction -- I would just say dirt or the
environment would be stuck around that area, where it's been kind of, like,
sagging itself. So once the water would, say, evaporate from the rain, you’d
still see like a -- the -- the typical construction dust or dirt around that
area. It’s just, kind of, like a dry pool.

However, I note once more that no photographs were taken of these “dry pools”.
514

##### Foot Note 514

×

NE (22 March 2016) at p 170 lines 5–7.

222 Prof Nonhoff also testified that it was possible for a panel to sag if the
lower layer was delaminated, as shown in the photograph referred to at [143]
above. 515

##### Foot Note 515

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 74 line 23 – p 75 line 12.

223 I do not accept the sagging as evidence of delamination. There was no
documentary evidence to back up the allegation of sagging, except for that one
isolated photograph provided by Mr Attwood. The only other person who claimed
to have experienced it was Mr Mackay. However, I did not find his evidence to
be credible on this point. Mr Mackay gave the impression that a fairly small
area of the panel (a “spot”, in his words; see [220]–[221] above) would
exhibit sagging. As noted above this could have been photographed to show the
same, but no photographs were taken. For the reasons I have stated at [218]
above, I do not accept that the GRP panels would behave in such a way.
Moreover, the sagging was not measured, so there is no way of knowing the
severity of the problem. (I note that Mr Kolhatkar thought that the photograph
showed a deflection of about 1mm or 2mm, which was “pretty normal variation”
and “pretty normal for a panel in the course of its installation and its
service” 516

##### Foot Note 516

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 77 lines 7–18.

, though it is obvious from the photograph that the sagging depicted would
have far exceeded 2mm.)

224 It was also not clear that the sagging depicted in that photograph was
definitely caused by delamination. In the 2015 Tests, a fully-delaminated
panel recovered to its original position fully after the load was taken off
it, and Mr Wymond did not observe any deformation. 517

##### Foot Note 517

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 76 lines 8–14.

Mr Wymond pertinently suggested that deformations on the surface of the panel
could be due to a failure of the clips to align or engage properly. 518

##### Foot Note 518

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 76 lines 15–24.

This is supported by photographs from Aedas’ report from the 3 September 2008
and 23 April 2009 factory visits, which shows that a panel can curve downwards
at its ends if it is propped up in the middle. 519

##### Foot Note 519

×

ABD 1I 100 and 133.

If the clips had not been aligned properly, then the non-aligned part of the
panel may have protruded, creating the impression of a depression in the
adjacent areas. Moreover, even if that one panel shown in the photograph was
indeed sagging as a result of delamination, I would be inclined to attribute
this to mishandling. The photograph taken by Mr Attwood shows that the panel
was adjacent to a vertical panel, which increases the likelihood of it having
been jumped on. Two ropes are clearly visible at the forefront of the
photograph, which the workers would have used to traverse the panel. (I
discuss the effect that walking and jumping on the panels could have had on
the panels in greater detail at [298]–[312] below.)

225 Importantly, Mr Kolhatkar acknowledged at trial that BFG’s representatives
had reported evidence of sagging, sponginess and deflection underfoot (he did
not distinguish between these three terms). 520

##### Foot Note 520

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 124 line 5 – p 125 line 13.

The following excerpt from his re-examination is particularly illuminating:
521

##### Foot Note 521

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 186 line 7 – p 187 line 14.

Q. … [I]n agreeing to Mr Pillay’s suggestion that there were delaminated
panels at the casino and the MICE, what was the extent of delamination that
you had in your mind?

A. In the entire course of investigations that went at site, there was no
access to the bottom skin visualisation. Hence, my words of perceived
delamination related to whether the bottom skin was physically separated from
the panels or not. When I agreed to the statement that there were some
delaminations in the casino and MICE panels, I had made a statement that those
two delaminations were observed for reasons other than -- or rather, the
observations other than the noise coming in the panels or the bottom skin
separating from the panels. There were records of sagging or sponging as
referenced by Clive and those were the references by which these delaminations
in 50 or 60 panels were identified as possible defect of delamination in the
panels, but it did not refer to the physical observation of bottom skin being
separated from the panels, or the noise coming. So other than these two
criteria, these 50 or 60 panels were identified as delaminated based on signs
other than bottom skin physically being seen or a noise being heard.

226 This, in my view, explains why Mr Kolhatkar maintained that delamination
had occurred notwithstanding his view that the noises produced by the panels
were not evidence of delamination (see [206] above). The reports of
delamination from the BFG team onsite were based on phenomena other than the
noises, particularly the panels “sponging” or deflecting underfoot. I
therefore accept that some panels did deflect underfoot, although for the
reasons stated at [218] above, I do not accept that this was as widespread as
Mr Mackay suggested. I consider the extent of the delamination in greater
detail at [248]–[254] below.

MBS consultants’ opinions

227 Kalzip also refers to evidence from MBS’ consultants, Arup and Aedas. The
first of these is a non-conformance report (“NCR”) produced by Aedas dated 22
January 2010 following inspections on 8 and 20 January 2010. Annotations on
the photographs within the report stated that delaminated GRP panels had been
observed during the walk-up, including on leaves 10 and 13. 522

##### Foot Note 522

×

ABD N 98–100, 109.

One of the bullet points under “Design & Technical” stated: “The issue
regarding the damaged delaminated GRP panels (currently leaves 10 and 13)
needs urgent response from [Kalzip] / BFG.” 523

##### Foot Note 523

×

ABD N 112 (also ABD 10E 6101).

A photograph of the stepped roof area is annotated with the sentence, “During
the walk up the roof damaged delaminated GRP panels observed in highlighted
area.” 524

##### Foot Note 524

×

ABD N 98.

Three other photographs record that there were damaged, delaminated GRP panels
on leaf 10 as well as leaf 13. 525

##### Foot Note 525

×

ABD N 99, 100 and 109.

228 Secondly, there was a letter from Arup to Aedas on 19 May 2010, titled
“Summary of status on the GRP cladding”. Under “Investigation of
Delamination”, the letter stated: 526

##### Foot Note 526

×

ABD 12E 7820.

In February / March 2010 extensive delamination of the GRP was detected. An
investigation by [Kalzip] in March confirmed that the inner skin of the
composite was delaminating. This investigation also suggested that there was a
high degree of variability in the achieved thickness of the upper skin.

…

The extent of the delamination was mapped in March 2010 and it was found that
panels for the theatre in storage were also delaminated.

229 Kalzip submits that “[t]he opinion of these third party building
professionals must be given weight”. 527

##### Foot Note 527

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 243.

However, BFG points out that it has never been submitted by Kalzip, nor does
the evidence suggest, that MBS’ consultants carried out independent checks of
the podium roofs. 528

##### Foot Note 528

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 65.

Significantly, no representatives from Arup or Aedas gave evidence in the
Suit, and there is no way for me to know what their assertions in the
correspondence were based on. If they were based on the report of BFG’s and
Kalzip’s witnesses, or if they likewise simply inferred delamination from the
sounds emitted by the panel, they do not strengthen Kalzip’s case that
delamination occurred. I note that representatives of Arup and Aedas were also
present at the factory visits with Mr Carter (see [111] and [117] above).
Although the report produced by Aedas on 22 January 2010 records that the
inspection was attended by Mr Wong and Mr Mackay 529

##### Foot Note 529

×

ABD N 97.

, who were witnesses in the Suit, they did not discuss this in their AEICs nor
were they questioned about it during trial. I am unable to see any signs of
delamination from the photographs included in the report, and the consultants
would not have been able to view the panels from below to conclude whether
delamination in fact occurred. Moreover, the bulk of the report focuses on
Kalzip’s non-conformances concerning the installation of the panels and their
supporting structures, for example the lack of fasteners in the upper panel
brackets; the removal of brackets from some panels; missing components;
misalignment of parts; and other aspects of the installed roof which differed
from the design intent and shop drawings. The reports of delamination receive
comparatively little attention (four of 28 photographed defects) and appear to
be confined to a few panels.

230 As for the letter dated 19 May 2010, this appears to have based the
allegation of “extensive delamination” on Kalzip’s own investigation in March
2010. This may refer to the core sampling exercise which Kalzip undertook on 2
March 2010, which gave rise to concerns about variations in panel weight, but
Kalzip expressly disavows reliance on that exercise as evidence of
delamination (see [235]–[236] below). The same letter observes that
“[a]lthough there have been several meetings a clear report on the cause and
impact of the delamination has not been provided by [Kalzip]”.

231 I note that Aedas also issued NCRs on 1 March 2010 530

##### Foot Note 530

×

Mr Mackay’s AEIC at p 470.

and 5 March 2010 531

##### Foot Note 531

×

Mr Mackay’s AEIC at p 536.

which referred to delaminated GRP roof panels. However, the latter NCR was
expressly based on the 25 February site survey (see [154] above), which in
turn was based on crunching sounds. In fact Mr Peter Morgan from Aedas, who
was the “originator” of the NCRs, had attended that survey. There was no
evidence as to how the findings in the NCR on 1 March 2010 were arrived at
though it also referred to “site investigations / inspections of the MICE GRP
panels carried out on 24-02-10 and 25-02-10”. Aedas also produced an NCR on 17
May 2010 stating that “the theatre panels [could not] be considered suitable
for installation” in the light of the tests conducted on 14 May 2010 (see [81]
above). 532

##### Foot Note 532

×

Mr Mackay’s AEIC at p 772.

However, given the problems I earlier identified with the Winwall tests and
the site surveys (see [81]–[87] and [171]–[176] above), I do not accept Aedas’
NCR as evidence that the panels were non-compliant with the Sub-Contract
structural requirements or that they delaminated. Moreover, all three NCRs
were signed off by Mr Peter Morgan, who was not a witness in the proceedings
and did not give evidence.

Fire test panel samples

232 I agree with BFG 533

##### Foot Note 533

×

NE (21 March 2017) at p 133 line 2 – p 134 line 5.

that the fire test samples suggest that any delamination which occurred was
not widespread. This was a point made by Mr Wymond in his expert report.
According to Kalzip’s four site surveys, it would appear that a large
proportion of panels had delaminated. If this were so, one would expect to see
a similar proportion of delaminated panels from the samples that were cut up
for fire testing. However, out of the many cut samples used for fire testing –
249 samples according to Mr Wymond, 350 534

##### Foot Note 534

×

NE (21 March 2017) at p 133 line 9.

or 390 535

##### Foot Note 535

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 323–325.

according to BFG – not one was reported to be delaminated. 536

##### Foot Note 536

×

ABD 4C 1333 at para 40.

233 Mr Wymond subsequently deleted this section of his report because it
appeared to him from the rebuttal report of Dr Crowder, BFG’s fire expert,
that many of the panels he referred to were reported to have delamination. 537

##### Foot Note 537

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 66 lines 6–13, p 68 line 11 – p 69 line 8.

The relevant portion of Dr Crowder’s rebuttal report states: 538

##### Foot Note 538

×

ABD 4C 1281 at para 43.2.

The samples provided for [fire] testing were delaminated. It has not yet been
established by the other experts whether delamination had occurred in the
installed panels prior to their removal. However, regardless of this debate,
the samples which were removed from the building do not appear to have been
delaminated, whereas samples delivered to two of the three laboratories are
noted as being delaminated.

234 As it turns out, however, Mr Wymond’s original point was in fact correct.
As will be seen below, the fire experts came to the firm conclusion that the
samples removed from the installed panels for fire tests were not delaminated
at the time of their removal from the site. Delamination was only observed
prior to testing, suggesting that the samples had delaminated sometime between
removal from the site and testing (see [437]–[438] below). Unfortunately, this
was not brought to Mr Wymond’s attention. I accept, on the basis of the fire
experts’ evidence, that the fire test samples were not delaminated at the time
of their removal from the site. This was supported by a well-documented report
prepared by one Mr Kettle in the arbitration, which contained photographic
evidence of the fire test samples being prepared for transportation to the
testing houses. 539

##### Foot Note 539

×

ABD 30L 21852–21936.

In my view, this contradicts Kalzip’s allegation of widespread delamination.

Core sampling

235 During trial, Kalzip played a video showing core sampling of panels on 2
March 2010 (“the 2 March video”). 540

##### Foot Note 540

×

ABD M 130.

The video showed samples being cored from the visual mock-up (a scaled
representation of the podium roof finishes to demonstrate the quality of the
GRP panels 541

##### Foot Note 541

×

ABD 1B 43 at para 107.

), the MICE building upper roof section and the casino building upper roof.
The video captures the following:

(a) Two samples were cored from panels 2 and 3 of the visual mock-up. These
showed no delamination, although Mr Carter could be heard saying that the core
sample from panel 3 might have been “a little lighter” than panel 2. Mr Carter
then jumped on the panels from which they were cored and remarked that these
panels bore no sign of delamination or change in structural integrity.

(b) One sample was cored from leaf 16, panel 5 of the MICE building roof. The
inner skin of the sample was totally delaminated; the upper skin was not
delaminated. The perimeter of the cored hole emitted crinkling sounds when
stepped on.

(c) One sample was cored from leaf 15, panel 9 of the MICE building roof. The
panel had not delaminated and showed good resin saturation, but weighed
10.84kg/m2 against the mock-up panel’s weight of 14.76kg/m2. The perimeter of
the cored hole showed no delamination propagation.

(d) Three samples were cored from leaf 13, panel 13 of the casino building
roof. The inner skin of one sample was totally delaminated. The inner skin of
another was partly delaminated. The inner skin of the third sample was almost
totally delaminated; it delaminated completely upon some prying by Mr Carter.

(e) One sample was cored from leaf 12, panel 7 of the casino building. It
showed no delamination.

236 I note that Kalzip expressly disavows reliance on this video as evidence
of delamination. 542

##### Foot Note 542

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 270.

For completeness, I explain in this section why I would not, in any event,
have considered it as evidence of delamination.

237 First, the very act of coring the panels could have induced the
delamination. Kalzip’s expert, Mr Green, acknowledged that improper coring
could possibly initiate delamination. 543

##### Foot Note 543

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 78 line 25 – p 79 line 6, p 172 lines 21–24.

He played a video in court which showed that it was possible for a good panel
to delaminate if it was cored using a drill with a blunt whole saw, because
the drill would have to be pressed so hard against the panel that it might
cause the panel to distort and delaminate. 544

##### Foot Note 544

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 204 line 21 – p 206 line 14.

Mr Wymond explained that the core sampling exercise in this case involved
coring the panel at an angle, thereby inducing uneven loads to the inner skin,
which could have resulted in a peeling failure of the core sample. Any
pressure applied to the inner skin could “force it to separate from the
honeycomb”. 545

##### Foot Note 545

×

ABD 3C 833 at para 123.

Mr Wymond pointed out from the video that, although the circular sample itself
had totally delaminated, the perimeter of the cored hole in the panel showed
no visible delamination, suggesting that the delamination occurred as a result
of the coring exercise itself 546

##### Foot Note 546

×

ABD 3C 833; ABD 4C 1325–1328; NE (30 March 2016) at p 175 line 22 – p 176 line
7.

and also that it was possible for delamination to occur as a result of
improper coring while leaving the perimeter of the hole intact 547

##### Foot Note 547

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 101 lines 12–14.

, for example if the central core is subject to torsions that do not occur to
the outside of it 548

##### Foot Note 548

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 121 lines 12–21.

. Indeed, tests carried out by BFG at Kaskal on 16 February 2016 showed that a
core sample could delaminate due to stresses induced through the coring
operations, and that this did not equate to panel delamination. 549

##### Foot Note 549

×

ABD 4C 1329–1330.

Core sampling during the 2015 Tests also resulted in one core sample losing
adhesion. 550

##### Foot Note 550

×

ABD 3C 844 at para 163.

238 Mr Maurieschat agreed with this analysis. In his view, core sampling using
a hole saw induced excessive vibrations in the hollow honeycomb cells. The
vibrations induced debonding between the honeycomb core and the inner skin.
551

##### Foot Note 551

×

ABD 4C 1485 at para 15.

A video of the coring exercise performed at Kaskal in February 2016 showed
debonding occurring in the cells which had been broken by the saw. 552

##### Foot Note 552

×

ABD 4C 1487.

239 Indeed, Mr Rade and Mr Flook – who both attended the core sampling
exercise – took the view that Kalzip’s method of cutting would have damaged
the panels and was an incorrect way of ascertaining delamination. 553

##### Foot Note 553

×

ABD 2B 340.

Mr Flook “could feel a lot of vibrations in the panel and could see that
excessive force was being applied by the operatives to force the cutter
through the panel”, and that even after the cutter had passed through the
aluminium honeycomb core, “force was again required to cut through the back
face of the panel, demonstrating that the back face was indeed bonded to the
aluminium core”. Mr Rade observed that “excessive force was being applied to
force a cutter through the panels”. 554

##### Foot Note 554

×

ABD 2B 319 at para 20; ABD 2B 340 at para 10.

I therefore do not consider the core sampling exercise as evidence that the
panels had delaminated.

Delamination of the panels in storage

240 Kalzip states that the panels manufactured for installation on the theatre
building, which were stored in its warehouse, also delaminated. It further
argues that this shows that delamination must have occurred before
installation. 555

##### Foot Note 555

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 253; Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at
paras 285–289.

I set out the evidence regarding the delamination of the panels in storage
before explaining why I do not accept this as evidence of widespread
delamination.

241 First, the letter from Arup to Aedas dated 19 May 2010 (see [228] above)
also stated that “[t]he extent of delamination was mapped in March 2010 and it
was found that panels for the theatre in storage were also delaminated”.

242 Secondly, on 7 June 2010, Aedas and Arup conducted an inspection of the
uninstalled theatre building panels stored in the Toll Warehouse. Arup
e-mailed MBS representatives on 7 June 2010 attaching photographs from an
inspection at the warehouse which allegedly showed a delaminated theatre panel
(leaf 11, panel 14) in storage. 556

##### Foot Note 556

×

ABD 12E 7884.

Mr Wong also attended this inspection and deposed that “[t]he tested panels
exhibited signs of delamination”, but unfortunately did not state what “signs”
these were and was not cross-examined about this. 557

##### Foot Note 557

×

ABD 1B 86 at para 47.

(I note that he refers to this as the “7 June 2010 structural test” in his
AEIC, but clarifies at para 47 that this was an “inspection” at the warehouse.
This should not be confused with the 17 June 2010 structural test at [88]
above.) Though Mr Wong’s AEIC refers to delaminated panels, the e-mail from
Arup only refers to one delaminated panel, namely, leaf 11 panel 14 of the
theatre building.

243 Thirdly, Prof Nonhoff gave evidence that he observed delamination in
panels stored vertically in stillages in the storage facility in Singapore in
June 2010. He came to this conclusion based on a number of visual tests and
lifting the panels, which showed a buckling deformation of the inner face
clearly indicating that delamination had occurred. He claimed to have seen
deformations of 1mm–2mm out of the vertical plate (by which he probably meant
“plane”). 558

##### Foot Note 558

×

ABD N 83 at para 5; NE (30 March 2016) at p 55 lines 2–5.

His report included a photograph of an uninstalled panel, the bottom layer of
which had completely delaminated when pulled by hand. Prof Nonhoff considered
this to be evidence of delamination in that if the panel had been manufactured
properly, it would have been impossible to delaminate it by hand. 559

##### Foot Note 559

×

ABD 2C 570–571 at paras 14–15; NE (30 March 2016) at p 6 lines 2–8.

244 I do not accept the foregoing as evidence that the GRP panels in storage
suffered widespread delamination for the following reasons:

(a) Arup’s letter to Aedas dated 19 May 2010 expressed reliance on Kalzip’s
own investigation in March 2010 (see [228]–[229] above). However, at that
time, the view within Kalzip was that the sounds emitted by the panels were
indicative of delamination. (Mr Wong would also likely have subscribed to this
view.) I agree with Mr Wymond that any so-called delamination discovered in
the panels could have been presumed by Kalzip on the basis of crunching or
crinkling sounds, which did not necessarily signify delamination. 560

##### Foot Note 560

×

ABD 4C 1354 at para 125.

Since no representatives from Arup and Aedas gave evidence in these
proceedings, it was impossible to know the basis of the letter, which could
not be probed in cross-examination.

(b) Aedas’ and Arup’s inspection on 7 June 2010 also suffers from the same
problem. In fact, the photographs of the panel appear to show people walking
on the panel and marking out specific areas with tape, suggesting that the
observation of “delamination” may have been based on sounds produced by the
panel when walked on. Moreover, BFG submits that the photographs attached to
Arup’s email on 7 June 2010 do not show any inner skin delamination, 561

##### Foot Note 561

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 72.

and I am indeed unable to identify any by sight. There are no photographs
showing the delamination or of onsite personnel testing for delamination via
other methods (for example, tap testing). 562

##### Foot Note 562

×

ABD 12E 7884–7930.

(c) Prof Nonhoff’s evidence is potentially the most persuasive evidence that
delaminated panels were found among the theatre panels in storage. However, I
regard his evidence with scepticism. A cored sample of one of the GRP panels
was tendered in evidence and I observed that, as Mr Wymond and Mr Maurieschat
said (see [162] above), the inner skin was not smooth but had a matted and
uneven texture from the glass fibres. Moreover, the aluminium honeycomb was
effectively sealed in by the two skins which formed a U-channel around the
perimeter of the panel (see [46] above). Even if there was delamination
between one of the skins and the honeycomb, this would not have resulted in
the delaminated portion bulging out from the panel. In Mr Maurieschat’s words,
“because of, first of all, the stiffness of the inner layer, you won’t see a
bubble”. Moreover, the Z-strips would have prevented small areas of
delamination from propagating. 563

##### Foot Note 563

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 202 line 22 – p 203 line 3.

I therefore find it difficult to believe that Prof Nonhoff would have been
able to spot tiny “buckling deformations” of 1mm–2mm purely by sight, much
less when the panels were still in their stillages. The panels were stored
vertically within the stillages. Photographs of the stillages show that the
panels were packed very closely together, suggesting that it would have been
difficult to get a clear transverse view of the surface of the panels within
each stillage. 564

##### Foot Note 564

×

ABD M 30, 88, 89 and 90.

(d) I also do not accept Prof Nonhoff’s evidence that extensive delamination
occurred. As BFG points out, no survey was done of the panels at the Toll
Warehouse, BFG was never invited to inspect the allegedly delaminated panels,
and there are no records of the number of panels found to be delaminated. 565

##### Foot Note 565

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 570–572.

No photographs were taken of the delamination or deformation of panels in
storage, save one photograph of a panel with its inner skin separated. Prof
Nonhoff asserted that this photograph “illustrates the inadequate bonding
between the inner layer and the honeycomb core”. However, this panel was cut
and its inner skin pulled apart by hand. Prof Nonhoff conceded during trial
that it was possible to delaminate even a properly manufactured panel by hand,
just that it would require “a lot of force”. 566

##### Foot Note 566

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 22 line 21 – p 23 line 7.

In the absence of measurement or documentation, it cannot be known how poor
the adhesion between the honeycomb and the inner skin was. Moreover, he and Mr
Wymond agreed that it was possible to pull the inner skin off a cored sample
with both hands. 567

##### Foot Note 567

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 78 lines 6–24; NE (1 April 2016) at p 27 line 21 – p
28 line 3.

I also note Mr Wymond’s and Mr Maurieschat’s views that a peeling action would
subject the inner skin to a load that it would not ordinarily have been
subjected to. 568

##### Foot Note 568

×

ABD 4C 1493 at para 49; ABD 3C 837.

(e) Surprisingly, despite the large volume of correspondence sent by BFG,
there does not appear to have been any correspondence about the delamination
of the theatre panels in storage. One would have thought that efforts to map
the extent of delamination onsite would have been paralleled by efforts to do
the same for the panels in storage. This would be all the more so after
February 2010, by which time BFG had stated more than once that the installed
panels had been damaged by workmen. The theatre panels were kept in the
warehouse until April 2011 and Kalzip has not explained the total absence of
any documented investigation into or examination of delamination in those
panels. 569

##### Foot Note 569

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 569–571.

Kalzip’s conduct of the arbitration

245 BFG also makes the following points in its submissions:

(a) Kalzip’s position in these proceedings is “diametrically opposite” to the
position it took in the arbitration with MBS and the correspondence preceding
the arbitration. 570

##### Foot Note 570

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 104–126.

(b) Kalzip has assembled a new cast of factual and expert witnesses for these
proceedings (with the exception of Prof Nonhoff, who was one of Kalzip’s
witnesses in the arbitration), which suggests that it engaged in “expert-
shopping”. Besides changing its cast of expert witnesses since the
arbitration, Kalzip also substituted two of the three experts it had appointed
for this Suit in November 2015. BFG invites the court to draw an adverse
inference from Kalzip’s sudden decision to substitute its experts. 571

##### Foot Note 571

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 127–143.

246 I have not placed any weight on these arguments in coming to my decision
on the issue of delamination. As regards the first argument, the
correspondence and pleadings that BFG has brought to my attention do not
appear to deny that delamination occurred. Kalzip’s position was that the
design of the GRP panels carried an inherent propensity to delaminate, and
that MBS (rather than Kalzip) was to blame for choosing and approving that
design. 572

##### Foot Note 572

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 108, 114 and 122.1.

Kalzip did, however, repeatedly accept that delamination had occurred, which
is consistent with its position on this issue in the present proceedings. 573

##### Foot Note 573

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 122.1, 122.4, 122.7, and 122.8.

Although Kalzip may have denied liability on BFG’s part as a matter of law, I
do not think that precludes Kalzip from taking the position in these
proceedings that BFG was in breach of the Sub-Contract. Indeed that may very
well be one reason that prompted Kalzip to reach a settlement with MBS in the
arbitration.

247 As for the second argument, I decline to draw an adverse inference against
Kalzip. The fact that Kalzip had changed its cast of factual and expert
witnesses cannot, without more, logically ground the inference that
delamination occurred; this is an issue of fact that remained to be tested by
all the factual and expert evidence available before me. Moreover, the
authorities cited by BFG in its submissions do not support the drawing of an
adverse inference. They only suggest that, where the court becomes aware that
expert shopping has occurred, it may make the admission of fresh expert
evidence conditional upon disclosure of the previous expert’s report. 574

##### Foot Note 574

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 138–142.

Indeed, in this case, the statements of Kalzip’s witnesses in the arbitration
were all adduced in evidence. As for Kalzip’s substitution of two of its
witnesses in November 2015, BFG could have, but did not, raise this issue
then. 575

##### Foot Note 575

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 31.

Had BFG then been able to persuade the court that there were concerns of
expert shopping, it would have been possible to order the disclosure of the
reports prepared by Kalzip’s two previously appointed witnesses (if any).
However, no objection was raised at that stage and it would be inappropriate
for me now to discount the evidence of Kalzip’s present witnesses on a mere
suspicion that Kalzip’s substitution of witnesses was improper.

My conclusion on the presence and extent of delamination

248 In conclusion, I reject Kalzip’s contention that there was “extensive
delamination” onsite. The four site surveys, which were conducted on the
premise that the crunching noises were proof of delamination, are not reliable
proof of the existence or extent of delamination. As I have repeatedly noted
above (see [15], [25], [102] and [221]), there is no primary evidence that the
panels were delaminated when they were removed from the site. Even though
Kalzip claimed that the panels were suffering from widespread delamination,
there is no evidence of them removing specific panels for testing. Even after
the panels were removed from the Project, they were stored in the Toll
Warehouse. Kalzip had access to these panels and did in fact remove some of
the theatre panels for the Winwall tests. (In fact, Kalzip claims damages for
the costs of storing the theatre panels in the Toll Warehouse. 576

##### Foot Note 576

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 544–553.

) Notwithstanding that it had access to the panels, Kalzip did not take
photographs of the MICE or casino panels (either while being installed or
removed) to prove that they had delaminated, or send them for testing to
establish inner skin delamination.

249 The evidence of some delamination came from the following:

(a) Prof Nonhoff’s observations during his June 2010 visit to the Project that
some panels deformed underfoot, and photographic evidence of delamination in
the panels which he cored (see [208]–[209] above). However, I have some doubts
about the reliability of the evidence based on the coring exercise (see
[210(c)] above). Moreover, only two panels were cored. Although Prof Nonhoff
claimed that he saw deformations of large areas “on a lot of panels” 577

##### Foot Note 577

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 5 lines 10–13.

on both the casino and MICE building roofs, the precise panels were not
identified or documented. I have also expressed my doubts and reservations
regarding Prof Nonhoff’s evidence.

(b) Mr Mackay and Prof Nonhoff experienced panels deflecting underfoot (see
[211] above). No photographs were taken. There is no evidence of how many or
which panels exhibited this behaviour beyond the two core samples which Prof
Nonhoff obtained. Mr Mackay did not say how many panels deflected underfoot.

(c) BFG’s internal correspondence in end January and February 2010 drew a
distinction between the emission of sounds and the problem of delamination
(see [206] above). Kalzip alleges that BFG concluded that delamination had
occurred on both the casino and MICE building panels for reasons other than
the sounds which were heard.

250 That some delamination occurred is supported by the view of BFG’s own
expert, Mr Wymond. Notwithstanding that there was in his view a “complete
absence of reports and diagnosis to support a claim of systemic delamination”,
Mr Wymond took the view that “panel damage had occurred and this would include
panel delamination due to mishandling, due to lifting, due to overloading of
the panels, due to jumping on the panels and a combination of any one or more
of these” [emphasis added]. 578

##### Foot Note 578

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 209 line 18 – p 210 line 14.

He also stated in his rebuttal report that Kalzip’s mistreatment of the panels
“would have caused damage to [them] as observed through panels making
crinkling and crunching sounds, which in isolated cases may have included
localized delamination”. 579

##### Foot Note 579

×

ABD 4C 1322 at para 30.

However, such delamination would not have occurred over spans exceeding 500mm,
due to the presence of Z stiffeners located at 500mm intervals connecting the
top and inner skins. 580

##### Foot Note 580

×

ABD 3C 803 at para 2.5.5, 3C 812 at para 49.

As I noted at [162] and [210(d)] above, Prof Nonhoff and Mr Maurieschat also
agreed that delamination occurred only in very localised and limited areas of
the Project roofs. 581

##### Foot Note 581

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 10 line 18 – p 11 line 2.

251 Given the dearth of direct evidence of delamination, it is not easy to
determine exactly which and how many panels delaminated. An examination of the
various e-mails sent by BFG only shows the following:

(a) On 7 December 2009, Mr Attwood wrote to others in BFG that Kalzip was
aware of three panels with big areas of delamination (see [125] above). He
must have been referring to the casino building, since installation on the
MICE building had not yet begun. 582

##### Foot Note 582

×

ABD 1B 16 at paras 31–33.

I do not accept this as evidence of delamination. This was reported by Kalzip,
probably on the basis of sounds heard on the panels, which I have found were
not evidence of delamination.

(b) On 11 January 2010, Mr Attwood e-mailed others in BFG that there were
“around 6 places where delamination [had] taken place between front top face
and aluminium honeycomb” (see [127] above). However, as I have said, this
e-mail appears to allude to outer skin delamination, which is not the subject
of Kalzip’s claim against BFG. Moreover, the six areas had been identified
based on the presence of crunching sounds. 583

##### Foot Note 583

×

ABD 2B 299 at para 42.

I therefore do not take this as evidence that six panels had inner skin
delamination.

(c) On 18 January 2010, Mr Attwood repeated his report that there were six to
seven places where delamination had occurred, the largest measuring around
700mm in diameter (see [129] above). Mr Attwood then said that this appeared
to be a case of outer skin delamination, which is not in issue here, though he
seemed unsure (see [130] above). The e-mails do not explain what these reports
of delamination was based on, and I accept Mr Attwood’s evidence that they
were based on the noises coming from the panels (see [164] above). I therefore
do not take this as evidence that six panels had inner skin delamination.

(d) On 20 January 2010, Mr Attwood e-mailed others in BFG, saying that Kalzip
had informally informed BFG about delamination of some panels after
installation. BFG had “informally carried out” an “inspection of the panels”
and identified six delaminated panels “at the peripheral area” in patches of
approximately 0.5m by 0.5m (see [133] above). Again, this was probably
referring to the same six panels and based on the sounds coming from the
panels. I do not take this as evidence that six panels had inner skin
delamination.

(e) On 27 January 2010, Mr Attwood reported to others in BFG that there were
20 delaminated panels on the MICE building and a further eight delaminated
panels on the casino building (see [138] and [139] above). Mr Attwood
explained that this was based on the panels producing a crunching sound when
walked upon, which he assumed was evidence of delamination. I therefore do not
take this as evidence that these panels had inner skin delamination.

(f) On 29 January 2010, Mr Kolhatkar e-mailed Dr Samer that “it [was]
reported” that about 20% of the GRP panels had delaminated in areas of under
1m2. However, he expressed doubts about this conclusion, suggesting that there
“may not be actual [delamination] but the sound of [aluminium honeycomb]
during walking may be giving an impression of a debond” [emphasis added]. In
fact, Kalzip was apparently unable to show Mr Premamoorthy “an actual
incidence of the debonding” (see [140] above). Moreover, there is no evidence
of how the 20% figure was derived and this was not put to Mr Kolhatkar during
trial. I therefore do not take this as evidence that 20% of the panels had
inner skin delamination.

(g) On 1 February 2010, the BFG inspection team went onsite to investigate the
allegations of delamination. 584

##### Foot Note 584

×

ABD 10E 6128.

That same day, Mr Attwood reported inter alia that there was inner skin
delamination in small areas due to initial high point loads which were
subsequently enlarged by foot traffic and heavy load forces due to
installation of the panels (see [146] above). There was no indication of the
extent of the inner skin delamination but reading his e-mail does not give the
impression that it was widespread. I note that Kalzip’s own site survey of the
casino roof (which I have not accepted) only marked 50 out of some 350
horizontal roof panels with alleged delamination.

(h) On 2 February 2010, Mr Kolhatkar e-mailed Mr Carter and said that about 20
panels on the casino building had delaminated but that panels on the MICE
building showed no delamination signs and only “metallic noise coming out of
[the aluminium honeycomb]” (see [147] above). By this time, Mr Kolhatkar had
rejected the hypothesis that the sounds coming from the panels were proof of
delamination and so the 20 panels must have exhibited other signs of
delamination (see [206] above). BFG’s report following the site inspection of
3 February 2010 likewise reiterated that 20 panels on the casino building
exhibited delamination (see [148] above). These e-mails could be said to be
some evidence that 20 panels on the casino building had delaminated. Why they
had delaminated is another matter.

(i) I should add that, although Mr Kolhatkar also told Dr Samer on 8 February
2010 that 60 panels on the casino building had to be repaired 585

##### Foot Note 585

×

ABD 10E 6259–6260; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 265(f).

, he was unable to explain what this figure was based on. That figure is not
corroborated elsewhere. Mr Kolhatkar “[did not] have any reference on what was
the criteria used by [his] site team to establish delamination” and had
significant difficulty recalling how he had derived the figure or what
objective evidence it was based on. 586

##### Foot Note 586

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 102 lines 10–17, p 103 lines 11–16.

Nor is there evidence of such other signs of widespread delamination as would
have caused BFG’s representatives to conclude that 60 panels delaminated. That
is nearly double the number of panels that were found to emit crunching sounds
during the 6 February survey two days earlier. 587

##### Foot Note 587

×

ABD 1I 9.

252 I therefore find that the delamination on the casino building was limited
to 20 panels. This is on the basis of BFG’s internal e-mails, which would have
been based on the site investigations undertaken by its team of trained
personnel. BFG’s conclusion that 20 panels had delaminated was not based on
the sounds being produced by the panels but on other phenomena, such as panels
deflecting underfoot.

253 On the other hand, there is no reliable evidence of the extent of
delamination on the MICE building. Though Mr Attwood sent an e-mail on 27
January 2010 stating that there were 20 delaminated panels on the MICE
building, this was based on panels which exhibited a crunching sound when
walked upon (see [138] above). His e-mail to Mr Anand on 6 February 2010
–around the time that BFG’s internal correspondence began distinguishing
between the sounds emitted and delamination – does not mention any
delamination on the MICE building. It refers only to the “large and uniform
crinkling sound” on the MICE building, in contradistinction to delamination on
the casino building. Mr Attwood stated that BFG had already found a solution
to the delamination problem, but did not know what to do about the MICE panels
– suggesting that the two problems were different. 588

##### Foot Note 588

×

ABD 10E 6212–6213.

Though there is an e-mail on 8 February 2010 from Mr Rade to Mr Kolhatkar
which states that the MICE building panels have “patches of delamination” (see
[150] above), Mr Kolhatkar’s email to Dr Samer just over an hour later clearly
distinguishes the “delamination” on the casino building from the “sound of
crumbling ALHC inside the panels while walking on the panels” on the MICE
building. 589

##### Foot Note 589

×

ABD 10E 6259.

An e-mail from Mr Kolhatkar on 11 February 2010 records that BFG’s position as
of that date was that the casino building had delamination whereas the MICE
building had merely the sound of aluminium honeycomb (see [152] above). I have
also explained above why the evidence does not permit me to conclude that
there was delamination on the panels in storage which were to be installed on
the theatre building (see [244] above). Kalzip has therefore not discharged
its burden of proving delamination on the MICE building or of the panels in
storage on a balance of probabilities.

254 I now turn to consider the cause of the delamination, if any.

Issue 3: Causation of delamination

Burden of proof in causation of delamination

255 Assuming delamination occurred, was it for BFG to prove that it had
manufactured the panels properly and the delamination had been caused by
Kalzip’s mishandling, or for Kalzip to prove the converse? The parties take
contrary positions on this issue.

256 Kalzip submits that the burden lies on BFG to establish, as a defence,
that Kalzip mishandled the panels and caused them to delaminate. If it fails
to do so, “it must follow that the only plausible explanation for the
delamination is the defective manufacturing by BFG”. 590

##### Foot Note 590

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 234–236.

BFG, on the other hand, submits that “the legal burden is on Kalzip to prove
that BFG’s manufacturing process caused delamination”. Only when Kalzip
“discharges its evidential burden by logically demonstrating with the evidence
that the manufacturing process is the prima facie likely cause of
delamination” does the “tactical burden” then shift back to BFG to disprove
this on a balance of probabilities. 591

##### Foot Note 591

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 405–406.

257 It is helpful to consider the approach of the Court of Appeal in the case
of Anti-Corrosion Pte Ltd v Berger Paints Singapore Pte Ltd and another appeal
[2012] 1 SLR 427 (“Anti-Corrosion”), which BFG cited. In that case, the
respondent was a paint manufacturer who had supplied paint to the appellant, a
subcontractor, for use in a building project. Various internal surfaces of the
building which had been painted with that paint subsequently developed serious
discolouration and the subcontractor had to repaint those areas. It sued the
paint manufacturer for its losses. One of the main issues in dispute was
whether latent defects in the paint supplied had caused the discolouration.

258 The Court of Appeal found that the legal burden was on the appellant sub-
contractor to prove that defects in the paint or its unfitness led to its
discolouration. It was common ground between the parties that there were only
three possible causes of the discolouration: (1) defects in the paint’s
formulation, (2) the condition of the internal surfaces being painted and (3)
poor workmanship in applying the paint. The subcontractor adduced sufficient
evidence to eliminate surface conditions and poor workmanship as causes of the
discolouration, leaving defects in the paint or its unfitness as the probable
cause (at [37]). At this stage, “Once the evidence logically demonstrated that
defective paint was prima facie the likely cause of the discolouration, the
tactical burden shifted to the Respondent to show that this was not correct on
a balance of probabilities.” The manufacturer could, for example, have adduced
evidence that no complaints were received from other customers in relation to
paint sold from the same batches. However, it did not do so. The prima facie
likelihood that the discolouration was caused by defective or unfit paint was
therefore unrebutted. It was also “reinforced” by evidence from the
subcontractor’s expert witness. The Court of Appeal said of her evidence, at
[36]:

While [the appellant’s expert] did not irrefutably prove scientifically that
there were defects in the paint, she convincingly established that the
discolouration was not caused by poor workmanship or the surface conditions
and therefore logically proved by the process of elimination that defects in
the paint or its unfitness were the root causes of the discolouration.

[emphasis in original]

259 The Court of Appeal therefore found that the paint discolouration was more
likely than not caused by defects in the paint.

260 In this case, Kalzip clearly bears the legal burden of proving both that
the panels delaminated and that they did so because of BFG’s defective
manufacturing. (This is similar to Anti-Corrosion, where the subcontractor
likewise bore the legal burden of proving that defects in the paint or its
unfitness caused its discolouration.) Both the fact of delamination and BFG’s
causation of the same are essential to Kalzip’s claim for breach in contract
(see s 103 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Evidence Act”) and
SCT Technologies Pte Ltd v Western Copper Co Ltd [2016] 1 SLR 1471 (“SCT
Technologies”) at [17]). If BFG manages to establish that the panels
delaminated because of the way in which they were subsequently handled and
stored, rather than because they were manufactured poorly, it will not have
proved a “defence” as such, but rather will have disproved an element of
Kalzip’s claim. The legal burden of proving both the fact and cause of
delamination therefore rests on Kalzip from start to end.

261 By contrast, the evidential burden to produce evidence, which is “not so
much a burden of proof as it is a ‘tactical initiative which must be taken by
a party if he is to succeed’” [internal citations omitted] (SCT Technologies
at [18]), may shift back and forth. The following passage from Britestone Pte
Ltd v Smith & Associates Far East, Ltd [2007] 4 SLR(R) 855 at [60] eloquently
articulates the interaction between these two concepts:

To contextualise the above principles, at the start of the plaintiff’s case,
the legal burden of proving the existence of any relevant fact that the
plaintiff must prove and the evidential burden of adducing some (not
inherently incredible) evidence of the existence of such fact coincide. Upon
adduction of that evidence, the evidential burden shifts to the defendant, as
the case may be, to adduce some evidence in rebuttal. If no evidence in
rebuttal is adduced, the court may conclude from the evidence of the plaintiff
that the legal burden is also discharged and making a finding on the fact
against the defendant. If, on the other hand, evidence in rebuttal is adduced,
the evidential burden shifts back to the plaintiff. If, ultimately, the
evidential burden comes to rest on the defendant, the legal burden of proof of
that relevant fact would have been discharged by the plaintiff. The legal
burden of proof – a permanent and enduring burden – does not shift. A party
who has the legal burden of proof on any issue must discharge it throughout.
Sometimes, the legal burden is spoken of, inaccurately, as “shifting”; but
what is truly meant is that another issue has been engaged, on which the
opposite party bears the legal burden of proof.

262 In this case, I accept that if Kalzip proves as a fact that the panels had
delaminated, the tactical burden shifts to BFG to produce evidence to show
that the panels delaminated because of some action or error not attributable
to BFG. BFG has identified various such acts, for example, Kalzip’s failure to
store the panels appropriately; its failure to put in place a proper
installation process; using the panels as working platforms; and so on. If BFG
fails to prove that any of these could have caused delamination, then by
process of elimination it will be more likely than not that the panels
delaminated because they were not manufactured to the requisite standard. It
would not be reasonable to require Kalzip to further prove that it did not
mishandle the panels in other ways not specified by BFG, since that would
require it to prove a negative. It would also be inordinately onerous to
require Kalzip to positively prove that the panels were manufactured
defectively or pinpoint the stage of manufacture which went wrong, since the
details and documentation of that process are firmly within BFG’s knowledge
and possession. If Kalzip adduces sufficient evidence to discredit BFG’s
allegations that Kalzip or some other party was responsible for the
delamination, the tactical burden then falls on BFG to rebut the prima facie
likelihood that it is to blame. This is again similar to Anti-Corrosion: once
other causes of discolouration had been eliminated on the evidence, the
tactical burden fell on the paint manufacturer to show that the paint was not
defective or unfit.

BFG’s explanation of the cause of delamination

263 Before I analyse the causation issue, I state for the avoidance of doubt
that I have disregarded Prof Nonhoff’s evidence on structural issues, such as
the adequacy of the support rail system and whether it could have contributed
to delamination, and the possibility of twisting and bending of the panels
during installation. 592

##### Foot Note 592

×

ABD 1C 38 at paras 67 and 70.

Counsel for BFG took objection to these aspects of Prof Nonhoff’s evidence
because Prof Nonhoff was presented as a GRP expert, not a structural expert.
Counsel for Kalzip accordingly confirmed that Kalzip was content to look to Mr
Green as its structural expert and that the court might disregard Prof
Nonhoff’s evidence insofar as it related to structural issues. 593

##### Foot Note 593

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 89.

I have therefore limited my consideration of Prof Nonhoff’s evidence to the
GRP panels alone, and not its supporting structures.

264 With that, I turn to consider BFG’s allegation that Kalzip’s acts caused
the delamination.

Tests by Loxon

265 One of BFG’s contentions is that delamination can only have occurred
onsite as a result of mishandling, because the panels were certified not to be
delaminated when they left the factory.

266 Kalzip appointed a third-party consultant, Loxon, to serve as its onsite
quality control inspectors. Kalzip identifies Loxon as Loxon Wandset Inc
whereas BFG identifies Loxon as Loxon Philippines Inc 594

##### Foot Note 594

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 359; ABD 1B 11 at para 22; Defendant’s
Closing Submissions at p 9; ABD 2B 200, 224 and 361.

, but there is no dispute about the identity of the company and I refer to it
as “Loxon”. Three personnel from Loxon were based at BFG’s Philippines
factory; according to Mr Premamoorthy they were there “from time to time” but
according to Mr Zeeyad they were there “throughout the entire manufacturing
period”. 595

##### Foot Note 595

×

ABD 2B 361–362 at paras 25–27; ABD 2B 201 at para 10.

After checks and inspections by BFG’s quality control personnel during and
after the manufacture of the GRP panels, Loxon carried out inspections and
verifications of the panels’ quality and signed off on quality control
records. These included documents titled “quality control sheet”, “visual
check sheet for gelcoat side” and “visual check sheet for lamination side”;
one of each of these documents was produced per panel. Mr Bridger confirmed
that all the panels produced at BFG’s factory were inspected by Loxon before
shipping to Singapore and that Loxon carried out visual and dimensional
inspections. 596

##### Foot Note 596

×

NE (16 March 2016) at p 25 lines 5–21.

267 After the panels were de-moulded, they would be visually inspected for any
humps, protruding fibres, dry patches and/or signs of de-bonding. The Visual
Check Sheet for Lamination Side prompted the inspector to check for
delamination, without stating how this was to be done. Kalzip submits that the
test was purely visual. 597

##### Foot Note 597

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 359; Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at
paras 279, 352 and 387.

However, both Mr Premamoorthy and Mr Zeeyad stated that the “Visual Check
Sheet for Lamination Side” required Loxon personnel to perform a tap test on
the underside of the panel to check for delamination, although the document
itself did not stipulate such a requirement. 598

##### Foot Note 598

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 21 line 9 – p 22 line 2, p 23 line 3, p 28 lines 2–6;
NE (24 March 2016) at p 45 lines 16–23, p 48 lines 9–19.

This involved using a wooden mallet to tap the skin while listening for sounds
that might indicate some hollowness, which could suggest a lack of bonding.
This was the only way of identifying delamination, since it could not be
observed visually. 599

##### Foot Note 599

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 27 lines 12–14.

Mr Zeeyad had witnessed such tests being performed while at the factory. 600

##### Foot Note 600

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 40, lines 6–9.

The details of this inspection were then recorded in the Visual Check Sheet
for Lamination Side. 601

##### Foot Note 601

×

ABD 2B 404 at para 97.

I accept Mr Premamoorthy’s and Mr Zeeyad’s evidence, and the quality control
documents signed off on by Loxon, as proof that the panels were in good
condition (including no delamination) at the time that they left BFG’s
factory. Loxon was an independent third-party inspector and there is no
evidence that Loxon protested the quality of the panels or raised any
objections about the manufacturing process.

268 That said, I do note that Kalzip’s case is not that BFG breached the Sub-
Contract by supplying delaminated panels. Its case is that BFG supplied panels
which deflected excessively under the loads they were required to bear under
the Sub-Contract. 602

##### Foot Note 602

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions para 284.

Delamination is only relevant insofar as panels which delaminated would have
breached the deflection limits of the Sub-Contract (see [99] above). To
establish breach, it need not be shown that the panels had already delaminated
by the time they left the factory. Provided there was no mishandling or misuse
of the panels by Kalzip, it need only be shown that the panels delaminated
onsite under loads which they ought to have been capable of bearing.

269 BFG submits that I should draw an adverse inference against Kalzip for not
calling Loxon personnel to give evidence in the proceedings. 603

##### Foot Note 603

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 696 and 748; Defendant’s Reply
Submissions at para 150.

I decline to do so. It was BFG, not Kalzip, which relied on the Loxon check
sheet to establish that delamination had only occurred after the panels left
the factory. Moreover, given what I have said in the foregoing paragraphs, I
do not consider that the outcome of the Loxon tests would make or break
Kalzip’s case, so there is nothing suspicious or unreasonable about Kalzip’s
decision not to call Loxon personnel as witnesses.

Alleged mishandling

270 I now turn to BFG’s allegations of mishandling and misuse of the panels by
Kalzip. First, BFG submits that Kalzip mishandled the panels in the following
ways:

(a) by failing to store them appropriately onsite;

(b) by failing to put in place a proper installation process or system;

(c) by placing and/or storing heavy materials atop the panels; and

(d) by using the panels as working platforms for installation.

271 Mr Green’s view was that BFG had simply not supplied any positive evidence
to demonstrate that the delamination was caused by any mishandling or other
wrongdoing on Kalzip’s part. 604

##### Foot Note 604

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 197 lines 3–25.

Generally, he considered that there was no reason to believe that the panels
which exhibited delamination had been treated or handled any differently to
those which did not delaminate. Moreover, some of the panels in storage had
delaminated despite never having been installed. From this he concluded that
delamination could not have resulted from storage, handling and installation
methods, but must have arisen from shortcomings in the manufacturing process.
605

##### Foot Note 605

×

ABD 1C 148 at para 56; ABD 2C 591 at para 3.22.

272 However, Mr Green acknowledged that his belief that the panels were all
subject to an identical installation process was based purely on a documentary
review, and was not based on actual onsite installation, which he did not
witness. 606

##### Foot Note 606

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 199 line 20 – p 200 line 2.

He also agreed that, insofar as the manufacture of the panels was concerned,
that was something that Prof Nonhoff would pursue, and not he himself. 607

##### Foot Note 607

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 200 lines 13–19.

273 Mr Wymond’s position regarding the alleged mishandling was that Kalzip had
not supplied any evidence that it had not mishandled the panels. He did not
positively assert that the GRP panels were damaged by mishandling, as “very
limited information” was available in relation to panel installation. Other
than photographs taken during the installation process, there was no evidence
either way of correct or incorrect handling during installation or storage.
For example, there were no procedures or records addressing worker access,
fall arrest lines, material loads or manner of storage. However, Mr Wymond
thought that the GRP panels could in theory have been damaged by “installation
processes that are normally routine” due to their large size. His view was not
that Kalzip had definitely caused delamination, but that Kalzip had not shown
sufficient evidence to disprove that possibility: “Kalzip/Corus have not
provided evidence that they handled the [GRP] panels in a manner that could
guarantee that they did not damage the panels”. 608

##### Foot Note 608

×

ABD 3C 813 at paras 57–58.

He thought it unlikely that panel damage was attributable to BFG, since the
panels which had left BFG’s factory had all been checked for quality control.
609

##### Foot Note 609

×

ABD 3C 815 at para 69.

274 Given my foregoing remarks about the evidential burden, I do not agree
with Mr Wymond’s approach to the question of whether Kalzip mishandled the
panels. The onus was on BFG to adduce evidence to prove that Kalzip had done
so.

(1) Failing to store them appropriately onsite

275 Although BFG initially pleaded that Kalzip had failed to store the panels
appropriately onsite, it no longer pursues this submission. The structural
experts agreed that, if delamination had in fact occurred, the storage of the
GRP panels was unlikely to have contributed to it. 610

##### Foot Note 610

×

ABD 4C 1515 at para 6; ABD 4C 1356 at para 137; NE (29 March 2016) at p 199
lines 11–16.

Mr Wymond qualified this at trial by saying that this was only true insofar as
the stillages were not damaged, whereas he believed that one stillage had been
damaged. 611

##### Foot Note 611

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 74 at lines 5–14.

However, Mr Wymond was unable to explain how this stillage was purportedly
damaged and could not refer to any part of his report to substantiate this
view. He therefore accepted that it would be reasonable for the court to
proceed on the basis that the storage challenge was no longer a live issue.
612

##### Foot Note 612

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 75 lines 18–23.

I need therefore say no more of this allegation.

(2) Failing to put in place a proper installation process or system

276 There were two aspects of the installation process or system which were
alleged to be deficient: (1) the frame used by Kalzip to lift the panels out
their stillages and onto the roofs for installation (referred to as the
“lifting frame” or “handling jig”), and (2) the misalignment of the support
rails and the Z-clips on the GRP panels.

(A) Kalzip’s lifting frame

277 BFG had advised Kalzip to lift the GRP panels using a truss assembly with
lightweight angles measuring 35mm by 40mm. Instead, Kalzip used a different
lifting frame which involved a longitudinal beam with outriggers. Kalzip’s
lifting frame had much heavier and more substantial steel sections with tubes
which were 120mm long and 8mm thick, and 80mm square tubes. 613

##### Foot Note 613

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 198 lines 3–11.

Kalzip also increased the number of suction cups to be used to lift the
panels, from 24 (recommended by BFG) to 36 or 42 (depending on the size of
panel).

278 BFG contends that Kalzip’s handling jig design would have resulted in the
panels delaminating due to twisting, and that Kalzip failed to advise and/or
inform BFG about the handling jig proposed to be used for installation. 614

##### Foot Note 614

×

ABD A 47–48 at paras 17.3 and 34.4.

Mr Wong, who was involved in calculating the requisite forces required by the
handling jig to lift the panels for installation, did not check if the panels
would twist. 615

##### Foot Note 615

×

ABD 1B 88; NE (16 March 2016) at p 62 lines 14–19.

He conceded that an additional steel pipe, which BFG had provided in its
design, would have been more rigid and less prone to twist. 616

##### Foot Note 616

×

NE (16 March 2016) at p 66 line 7 – p 67 line 16.

In Mr Wymond’s view, the GRP panels would “likely” have been damaged by
Kalzip’s design. 617

##### Foot Note 617

×

ABD 3C 813 at para 57.

He thought that the GRP panels would have bent or twisted while being lifted
due to unbalanced loading and movement of the lifting frame to accommodate the
slope of the roof. There appeared to be some leeway for twisting given the gap
of about 4mm between the 120mm-by-8mm box tube of the main section of the
lifting frame and the 100mm-by-10mm arms extending laterally from it. 618

##### Foot Note 618

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 142 lines 1–19.

However, no calculations or tests were undertaken to verify the torsional
stiffness of the Kalzip lifting frame. 619

##### Foot Note 619

×

ABD 3C 827–828.

Indeed, the experts agreed that there was insufficient information to assess
the rigidity of the lifting frame in use. 620

##### Foot Note 620

×

ABD 4C 1515 at para 7.

This led Mr Wymond to take the position that Kalzip was unable to prove that
it had not damaged the panels during lifting. 621

##### Foot Note 621

×

ABD 4C 1348 at para 90.

279 Mr Green accepted that the truss design proposed by BFG would have been
“marginally stiffer” than the beam design used by Kalzip and agreed that a
sufficiently large twist could cause delamination, but did not think there was
sufficient evidence that such a twist had in fact occurred, 622

##### Foot Note 622

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 146 lines 23 – p 147 line 2.

though he also agreed that he could not reasonably rule out twisting merely
from the three photographs of site lifting activity he had seen. 623

##### Foot Note 623

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 149 line 10 – p 150 line 7.

He considered that Kalzip’s handling jig would have provided adequate
stiffness and support. Moreover, whilst the handling jig was lifting the panel
vertically, the difference in design between the two jigs would have made no
difference to its ability to resist twisting; it was only when the panel was
moved to a horizontal position that the panel design would introduce a risk of
twisting. Even then, any increase in the panels’ twisting and bending as a
result of Kalzip’s handling jig would have been negligible. Mr Green
considered it “impossible” for such movements to have damaged the GRP panels.
624

##### Foot Note 624

×

ABD 1C 151 at para 75.

He also remarked, in passing, that he would have expected such twisting to
affect the top panel as much as the bottom panel if not more so, since it was
the top panel that was connected to the lifting jig. 625

##### Foot Note 625

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 139 lines 17–24.

That remark was answered by Mr Wymond, who pointed out that the resin bonded
the aluminium honeycomb to the top layer much more strongly than to the bottom
layer, as shown by Mr Maurieschat’s shear testing, and so it was the bottom
layer that was more vulnerable. 626

##### Foot Note 626

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 145 lines 1–10.

280 Mr Wymond also relied on a finite element analysis, or sensitivity
analysis, performed by Mr Kolhatkar and Mr Rade 627

##### Foot Note 627

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 179, lines 13–20.

, which showed that if the panels were caused to twist by around 2°, that
would induce shear stresses in excess of those which the panels were
contractually required to bear. 628

##### Foot Note 628

×

ABD 4C 1453–1455.

However, this merely showed what would happen if the lifting frame were to
twist. There was no basis for Mr Wymond to conclude that such twisting had in
fact happened on the site. 629

##### Foot Note 629

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 171 lines 10–13; p 187 lines 20–24.

Indeed, Mr Wymond agreed that his “investigations did and could not have
allowed [him] to conclude that damage actually arose”. 630

##### Foot Note 630

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 163 lines 12–15.

281 I do not find that Kalzip’s handling jig caused delamination in the GRP
panels. The experts could only say that it was possible for twisting to cause
the panels to delaminate; they were unable to establish that twisting
occurred. Nor was this suggested by the factual witnesses. Mr Mackay gave
evidence that he was on site to supervise the installation of the GRP panels,
and that “[t]he panels did not exhibit any signs of delamination or twisting /
bending during this installation process”. 631

##### Foot Note 631

×

ABD 1B 19 at para 40.

He witnessed at least about 70–80% of the panels being installed, since he was
only absent during night lifting. 632

##### Foot Note 632

×

NE (22 March 2016) at p 40 lines 2–3, p 165 lines 17–22.

Mr Attwood likewise testified that he observed installation of the panels
around mid to late November 2009 and that the installation proceeded smoothly
and no complaints on the panels were brought to his attention. 633

##### Foot Note 633

×

ABD 2B 298 at para 38.

Admittedly, the 29mm difference that Mr Wymond said would result from a twist
of two degrees 634

##### Foot Note 634

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 170 lines 10–15.

may not have been easily observable. Nevertheless, there is no evidence at all
that such twisting happened. In fact, as early as 9 December 2009, Mr Attwood
was concerned that the lifting jigs was damaging the panels and said he would
“try to establish” if this was so 635

##### Foot Note 635

×

ABD 9E 5841.

, but he did not adduce any evidence at trial that this was the case. Mr Green
pointed out that the jig was used for all panels, yet only some suffered
delamination. 636

##### Foot Note 636

×

ABD 2C 594 at para 3.39.

That might well be because only some, and not all, panels were subject to such
twisting. Nonetheless, on balance, I do not find that Kalzip’s lifting frame
resulted in delamination.

(B) Misalignment of the support rails and Z-clips

282 Mr Green’s and Mr Wymond’s list of agreed issues stated, “The panels
relied on aligning 60 clips approximately to be aligned and installed at the
same time, the impact of any potential misalignment is unknown.” 637

##### Foot Note 637

×

ABD 2C 604 at para 10.

Mr Wymond explained that the rail system relied on straight sections of track
being fixed to the flexible GRP panels so that the rails provided a level line
of support for the panel clips to lock onto. The misalignment of clips would
have led to uneven load sharing and to forces being induced between sets of
misaligned clips. 638

##### Foot Note 638

×

ABD 3C 824–825 at paras 103–105.

283 However, there is no evidence of such misalignment or complaints of this
nature. BFG relies on a photograph which allegedly shows one worker
“hammering” a Z-clip into place. 639

##### Foot Note 639

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 653.

Mr Wymond’s view was that this would have caused structural damage and
resulted in excessive panel stresses not contemplated by the original design.
640

##### Foot Note 640

×

ABD 3C 804 at para 2.6.3; ABD 3C 829 at para 114; ABD 4C 1348; ABD 4C 1356 at
para 139.

Mr Green disagrees. The photograph does show a panel being held about four
feet above a surface by the jig and a worker with a hammer in or almost in
contact with a tool in his right hand. That tool is likely to be a screwdriver
or chisel-like implement. The other end of that tool is not very clear in the
photograph but it is certainly directed to a point under the panel and at the
location of one of the underside panel clips which attach the panel to the
rails. However, from one still photograph, I cannot safely conclude that the
clip was being forced with a hammer; it is equally possible that the worker
was using it to tap rather than force an object into place. 641

##### Foot Note 641

×

ABD 2C 595 at para 3.40.

If indeed force was being used I would expect to see others holding the panel
to keep it from swinging with each blow but I do not see this. There was no
explanation of what the worker was doing or why. I therefore do not accept
that there was a problem of alignment.

(3) Placing and/or storing heavy materials atop the panels

284 The third allegation of mishandling is that Kalzip placed and/or stored
heavy materials atop the panels, and that these loads caused them to
delaminate. For example, BFG alleges that the sub-frame for the GRP panels,
the lifting jig for the GRP panels, bags of acid and a pressure washer were
placed on the roof. Kalzip denies that these items were placed on the roof,
and adds that even if they were, their weight would not have exceeded the
loading requirements in the Sub-Contract. 642

##### Foot Note 642

×

ABD 1B 37–39.

285 I find as a matter of fact that materials were placed and stored on top of
the panels. In fact, Mr Mackay gave evidence that these items “are materials
commonly seen during the installation [phase] at any construction site”. 643

##### Foot Note 643

×

ABD 1B 37 at para 93.

This is supported by the contemporaneous correspondence as well as site
photographs:

(a) On 2 February 2010, Mr Kolhatkar e-mailed Mr Carter telling him that there
were “several incidences” of the panels being used as “storage place for
scaffolding panels” (see [147] above).

(b) On 8 February 2010, Mr Kolhatkar wrote to Dr Samer stating, “There are
delamination in the panels where the panels have been used in excess of the
design loads, like jumping on the panels from a height and also use of panels
as storage places for scaffolding and as access walkways.” 644

##### Foot Note 644

×

ABD 10E 6259.

[emphasis added]

(c) On 1 March 2010, Mr Kolhatkar wrote to Mr Carter stating that the panels
had been used “as heavy traffic walkways and storage areas completely
exceeding the specified loads on the panels” [emphasis added]. 645

##### Foot Note 645

×

ABD 10E 6526.3.

Mr Carter’s reply does not deny that the panels were being used in such a way.
646

##### Foot Note 646

×

ABD 10E 6526.2.

(d) A photograph taken of the MICE building roof during construction shows
that there were some box-shaped objects sitting on the panels in front of a
tower crane. Mr Wymond described these as “crane boxes and building
materials”. 647

##### Foot Note 647

×

ABD 3C 829; ABD N 131.

Another photograph taken of the roof shows more square-shaped materials
sitting on installed panels along the border next to the adjacent bay. 648

##### Foot Note 648

×

ABD 4C 1339, photo 8.1.3.

A third photograph shows what BFG describes as “various items strewn across a
GRP panel on the roof”. 649

##### Foot Note 649

×

ABD M 45; Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 661.

286 There was, unfortunately, no evidence of what the materials depicted in
the photographs were, how much they weighed, how long they were placed on the
panels, or whether they would have caused the panels to delaminate. 650

##### Foot Note 650

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 658–661; ABD 3C 829; ABD 4C 1339; ABD
M 45.

One of these photographs was simply downloaded by Mr Wymond from the Internet.
651

##### Foot Note 651

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 664.

It was understandably difficult for BFG to identify the materials being stored
on the panels since BFG merely supplied the panels and was not involved in
their installation or removal. However, it is clear that these photographs
were taken while the GRP panels were being installed, and they self-evidently
show materials being placed on the panels. It is also worth noting that the
Aedas report of 22 January 2010 contains the following notation at photograph
4.03: “The GRP panel surfaces have numerous markings, some have scratches and
dents.” A similar caption appears for photograph 4.06. Photograph 4.24 has the
notation: “The GRP panel surfaces are marked with numerous scratches, dents,
rust, paint, chips, glass sucker and foot prints.” These remarks were recorded
in an e-mail. 652

##### Foot Note 652

×

ABD N 90–100, 109.

I am therefore unable to eliminate the possibility that the materials which
were placed on the panels exerted loads upon them which they were not designed
to withstand.

287 Mr Mackay made the counter-argument that a significant amount of
delamination was recorded on the lower panels (ie, panel 10 onwards on most
leaves), where the curvature was nearly 30°. It would have been impossible to
store items there without them sliding off. 653

##### Foot Note 653

×

ABD 1B 39 at para 93(f).

However, this is based on the four site surveys, which, for the reasons given
above, I do not accept as evidence of delamination.

(4) Using the panels as working platforms for installation

288 BFG also complains that Kalzip inappropriately used the GRP panels as
working platforms for installation. 654

##### Foot Note 654

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 574–583.

The essence of this complaint is that Kalzip subjected the GRP panels to loads
which they were never designed to bear, either as a result of placing items on
them (regarding which see the preceding section) or as a result of persons
walking on them (regarding which see [294]–[310] below).

Defective design of the support rail system

289 The GRP panels were connected to the roof via three supporting rails
running in the longitudinal direction of the panels. The rails were clamped
without penetration to the Kalzip standing seam roof. 655

##### Foot Note 655

×

ABD 1C 99 at para 5.

BFG contends that the support rail system designed and supplied by Kalzip was
inadequate and caused the GRP panels to delaminate. 656

##### Foot Note 656

×

ABD A 47 at para 34.2.

290 Mr Wymond considered that the support rail system was dissatisfactory in
that: 657

##### Foot Note 657

×

ABD 3C 813 at para 55.

(a) the rail top flange was too thin to carry the wind uplift from the GRP
panel, as a result of which the clips disengaged from the rail flanges during
testing of the mock-up by Winwall;

(b) excessive rail twisting and deformation was observed in the Winwall tests,
indicating that the connection between the support rail system and the panel
clips was structurally unsound; and

(c) there was misalignment between the panel clips and the support rails, as a
result of which panels were forced onto the rails, which caused damage to the
panel connections.

291 The structural experts were able to agree substantially on this issue:

(a) They both agreed that the GRP panels could not withstand design wind
conditions. Mr Wymond stated that under conditions of maximum wind loading,
the cladding support section would be unable to support the panel edges
correctly. Mr Green agreed with Mr Wymond that if the rail were subjected to
the maximum (ie, design) wind uplift, this would overstress the rail and
result in structural failure by bending. It did not have “enough Z or section
properties to withstand the forces at maximum wind load”. 658

##### Foot Note 658

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 106 lines 1–7, p 117 lines 17–25; NE (31 March 2016)
at p 51 line 19 – p 52 line 7.

(b) The experts also both agreed that the rails were never in fact exposed to
design wind conditions. Mr Green observed that the maximum wind speed in
Singapore between 25 November 2009 and 31 March 2010 was 14.8 metres per
second (“m/sec”), far below the basic wind speed of 33m/sec on which the
maximum wind load was based. A wind speed of 14.8m/sec would have corresponded
to a wind load only about 20% of the maximum design load of 2 kPa. According
to Mr Green, the rail performed satisfactorily at this level and even up to
35% of the maximum design wind load. 659

##### Foot Note 659

×

ABD 2C 592 at paras 3.29–3.30; ABD 2C 594 at para 3.35.2.

Mr Wymond also stated in his expert report that there were “no significant
wind events during the construction period when the [GRP] panels were
installed”. 660

##### Foot Note 660

×

ABD 3C 826 at para 108.

Moreover, a set of four video clips showing rotation of the support rail did
not reveal any panel delamination, suggesting that rotational movement of the
support rail did not contribute to the delamination of panels onsite. 661

##### Foot Note 661

×

ABD 2C 601 at para 3.75.

(c) Both experts agreed that, if the GRP panels had indeed delaminated, that
delamination would not have been caused by the support rail. 662

##### Foot Note 662

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 117 line 25 – p 118 line 7.

292 Given the experts’ consensus that the support rails could not have
contributed to delamination, I do not see any reason to find otherwise.

Incomplete specifications

293 BFG also pleaded that Kalzip had provided incomplete specifications in the
Sub-Contract in that the specifications “failed to take into account all the
loads from the installation perspective”. 663

##### Foot Note 663

×

ABD A 47 at para 34.3.

This was not mentioned as a separate defence in BFG’s closing submissions and
received barely any attention in BFG’s reply submissions. BFG’s argument is
simply that the GRP panels delaminated because they were walked on during
installation and Kalzip’s four site surveys. 664

##### Foot Note 664

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 188.

I therefore turn to the allegations of walking and jumping.

Walking and jumping on panels

294 There are two issues here: first, whether the panels were in fact walked
and/or jumped upon; and secondly, whether that walking and/or jumping caused
delamination.

(1) Whether the panels were walked and jumped on

295 Mr Mackay gave evidence that the GRP panels experienced very limited
footfall and no jumping, for the following reasons:

(a) Uncompleted portions of the roof were generally accessed directly through
the clerestory, and not over the installed GRP panels. This was both safer and
easier. 665

##### Foot Note 665

×

ABD 1B 25 at para 59.

(b) The lower panels on leaves 7 to 16 were at an incline of nearly 30°. Since
rope harnesses were necessary, very few people were on these panels at the
same time. 666

##### Foot Note 666

×

ABD 1B 25 at para 59.

(c) The height difference between the upper level GRP panels of a higher leaf
and the upper panels of a lower leaf was approximately 0.8m. At this height,
one would step (rather than jump) from the upper GRP panel to the lower GRP
panel. 667

##### Foot Note 667

×

ABD 1B 29 at para 71(a).

That said, the height difference varied from about 800mm to 1.8m. 668

##### Foot Note 668

×

NE (22 March 2016) at p 88 lines 9–11.

(d) Kalzip had strict safety regulations in place in the Project which
required Kalzip and JRP safety officers to be onsite throughout installation.
Nobody was permitted to jump off GRP panels. There were also access ropes if
anybody needed to move between leaves. 669

##### Foot Note 669

×

ABD 1B 30 at para 72.

296 Having said that, it was not denied that the panels were in fact walked
upon. Mr Mackay himself had walked on them while wearing safety gear and with
a harness. 670

##### Foot Note 670

×

NE (22 March 2016) at p 48 lines 16–20.

He also acknowledged that the workers would have to step on installed panels
in the process of installing a new panel, though he said that in that case
they would not be bunched up together in one spot but there would be four or
five workers spread out along each side of the panel being installed, which
would be 10–14m long. 671

##### Foot Note 671

×

NE (22 March 2016) at p 82 line 7 – p 83 line 13.

Mr Attwood “observed personnel using the panels as walkways during
installation onsite”. 672

##### Foot Note 672

×

ABD 2B 299 at para 43.

Mr Premamoorthy also gave evidence that “many of the workmen at the MBS
Project site were walking all over the GRP panels which had been installed”
during his visit to the site on or around 13 January 2010, and as many as
three to six men were standing on a single panel at a time. 673

##### Foot Note 673

×

ABD 2B 421 at para 136.

Mr Zeeyad likewise stated that during his visits to the MBS project site in
July–September and October–December 2010, he “had often seen workers
traversing across the panels” and “jumping on the panels”. 674

##### Foot Note 674

×

ABD 2B 213 at para 54.

Mr Flook stated that during the core sampling exercise on 2 March 2010, “there
were at least 12 people on any one or two panels at one time”, and he and Mr
Mackay both recalled Mr Carter jumping on the panels to see if any sounds came
from them. 675

##### Foot Note 675

×

ABD 2B 318 at para 20; NE (22 March 2016) at p 86 line 25 – p 87 line 8.

That the panels were being routinely walked upon – even on areas which were
significantly sloping, which workers could comfortably access with a harness
and rope support – is also supported by ample evidence (see [131], [138],
[145], [147], and [209] above) and photographs. 676

##### Foot Note 676

×

ABD M 43, 44, 46, 47 and 52.

The 2 March video also includes a clip of a worker walking on the panels.

297 As for jumping, Mr Attwood and Mr Mackay testified that they had not seen
any jumping onsite. 677

##### Foot Note 677

×

NE (22 March 2016) at p 89 lines 22–23; NE (28 March 2016) at p 73 line 19 – p
74 line 10.

I do not accept that. There was video footage of Mr Carter jumping on the GRP
panels during the core sampling exercise on 2 March 2010. There was also other
evidence of jumping, both as means of identifying delamination 678

##### Foot Note 678

×

ABD 2B 422 at para 137.

(see, eg, [145] and [157] above) and as a means of navigating between panels
during installation (see, eg, [147] and [285(b)] above). An e-mail sent by Mr
Kolhatkar to Mr Carter on 1 March 2010 attached a video which, in Mr
Kolhatkar’s words, “clearly shows that people are jumping of[f] the panels[,]
completely damaging the panels” and asserting that the panels “have been used
as heavy traffic walkways and storage areas completely exceeding the specified
loads on the panels”. 679

##### Foot Note 679

×

ABD 10E 6526.3.

Mr Carter replied to say that the video depicted one Kalzip representative who
weighed 104kg replicating load testing on the panel, but did not dispute that
the video showed the panel being jumped on. 680

##### Foot Note 680

×

ABD 10E 6526.2.

I have also referred elsewhere to the Aedas report of 22 January 2010 and the
photographic record and notations which clearly evidence this (see, eg,
[286]). I thus accept that the GRP panels were walked and to a lesser extent
jumped upon. I now turn to whether this activity could have caused them to
delaminate.

(2) Whether walking and jumping could have caused delamination

298 Mr Wymond stated in his expert report that the workers walking over the
panels would have subjected the panels to “a range of live loads and other
construction related loads that have caused or exacerbated any defects in the
panels”. 681

##### Foot Note 681

×

ABD 3C 870 at para 328.

In particular, panel damage or failure could be attributed to walking on the
panels in such a way as to place them under loads exceeding those which they
were required to bear under the Sub-Contract, namely: (1) superimposed loading
from workers and materials, (2) toe pressing on panels, (3) heel pressing on
panels and (4) jumping on panels. 682

##### Foot Note 682

×

ABD 4C 1347 at para 86.

His reasons were as follows:

(a) The crunching sounds were not distributed randomly. On the upper roof of
the MICE building, for example, no crunching sounds were detected on any of
the panels in Bay 9. This could be explained by factors such as access
constraints and installation sequence. 683

##### Foot Note 683

×

ABD 3C 831 at para 121; ABD 4C 1355 at para 128.

(b) One video showed three workers standing next to each other. If each worker
weighed approximately 80kg, that would have resulted in a local load of
approximately 240kg (or 2.35 kN) over an area of approximately 1m2. 684

##### Foot Note 684

×

ABD 4C 1338 at para 57.

In Mr Wymond’s view, they were “a lot closer together than would be allowed by
the 0.75 kPa loading requirement” and would have exerted a force between them
“well in excess of 1.1kN”. While he acknowledged that the three men did not
fit within a circular area 150mm in diameter, he thought that each of them
might potentially be exerting a load of that magnitude, and there would be an
influence because they were standing so close together. 685

##### Foot Note 685

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 166 lines 15–21; p 166 line 23 – p 177 line 1.

(c) According to Mr Wymond, the 2 March video showed the workers doing a heel
press or toe press on the panels. A finite element analysis performed by Mr
Kolhatkar and Mr Rade showed that a toe press over a contact area of 80mm by
60mm would impose an in-plane shear stress of 13.55 MPa, while a heel press
over a contact area of 70mm by 30mm would impose an in-plane shear stress of
19.16 MPa. By contrast, the Sub-Contract provided for a static load of 1.1 kN
applied on a circular area 150mm in diameter, which would produce a stress of
8.267 MPa. 686

##### Foot Note 686

×

ABD 4C 1340.

299 In Mr Green’s view, walking on the panels could not have caused
delamination, for the following reasons:

(a) Mr Green said that he had not seen more than five or six people
distributed across a panel. It was difficult for him to understand how people
walking on the panels could have caused delamination. 687

##### Foot Note 687

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 200 lines 12–17.

The 2015 Tests showed that properly manufactured panels could be walked on,
and could support loads of between 1100 N and 2087 N, without delaminating.
688

##### Foot Note 688

×

ABD 2C 598 at para 3.62.

Even having 10 people walk up and down a single panel in a line, as Mr Rade
observed, would not have caused delamination. A line of 10 people would have
their individual loads evenly spread, and it was unlikely that any individual
would exert a load exceeding the design point load of 1.1 kN. 689

##### Foot Note 689

×

ABD 1C 145–146.

(b) The very nature of the roof design meant that the panels had to be
installed progressively; once each row of panels was installed, they would
have had to be traversed in order to install the next row. Specification
Revision C therefore required the trafficable areas of the panels to be
capable of bearing maintenance loads (including person loadings and indirect
loads from abseiling ropes) as well as live loads and wind loads. Indeed, BFG
itself had undertaken tests to determine the effect of walking on the panels.
During a static load test conducted on 24 November 2008, the test sample
remained intact when walked on by a person weighing 112kg (see [73] above),
showing that a correctly made panel would be capable of bearing that load
without delaminating. 690

##### Foot Note 690

×

ABD 1C 145–146.

Moreover, while BFG had not been told which panels would be walked on for
maintenance access, Mr Kolhatkar had discussed giving the panels antiskid
qualities to increase the safety of maintenance personnel. 691

##### Foot Note 691

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 575; ABD 1C 148 at para 57.

(c) Some panels installed on the steepest part of the curved roof, which could
not have been walked or jumped on, were also found to have delaminated (for
example, sections of the roof where the panels were mounted at a 30° angle).
692

##### Foot Note 692

×

ABD 1C 147 at para 53; ABD 2C 590 at para 3.17.

(I note, however, that this was based on the site surveys, which I do not
accept as evidence of the extent of delamination.)

300 In Mr Green’s view, while it was theoretically possible that using the
panels as working platforms may have exacerbated an underlying failure, it
would not have caused the panels to fail had they been manufactured with
adequate strength. 693

##### Foot Note 693

×

ABD 1C 147 at para 55; ABD 1C 148 at para 59.1.

301 Mr Wymond disagreed that the panels were designed in the knowledge that
they would be walked on. He thought that Kalzip need not have installed the
panels in such a way that the workers were forced to traverse them to install
each adjacent row; they could have started at the far end and worked their way
inwards instead. There was in fact a photograph showing one panel being
installed from the bottom up. 694

##### Foot Note 694

×

ABD 3C 871 at paras 330–331; NE (31 March 2016) at p 149 lines 21–23.

Alternatively, if it was necessary to traverse the panels, Kalzip could have
installed a protective walkway. 695

##### Foot Note 695

×

ABD 4C 1353 at para 111.

However, Mr Mackay gave evidence that it would have been extremely difficult
if not impossible for the panels to be installed in the reverse order because
of the positioning of the scaffolding. It also made sense to install the lower
panels last because, if they had to be redesigned or re-installed, they could
be accessed via a small crane rather than a massive tower crane. 696

##### Foot Note 696

×

ABD 1B 20 at paras 42–43.

But even if that was so, there was no evidence before me that BFG knew that
the panels would be installed in such a way that installed panels would have
to be walked on for the purposes of installing each subsequent panel.

302 I recognise that Specification Revision C clearly contemplates people
walking on the panels for maintenance purposes, and required the panels to be
able to bear a point load of 110kg over a circular area 150mm in diameter. It
appears that Kalzip and BFG were both aware that the panels would have to be
able to be walked on. E-mails from Kalzip to BFG in 2008 record that Kalzip
was to identify certain panels which maintenance personnel would have to walk
on for maintenance access, and that BFG would apply an antiskid finish to
those panels. 697

##### Foot Note 697

×

ABD 2B 251–252 at paras 94–97.

Although Kalzip did not eventually identify those panels, the fact remains
that both parties were aware that the panels would be walked on. 698

##### Foot Note 698

×

ABD 13E 8300, note 10.2; ABD 1B 26 at para 60.

Prof Nonhoff took the view that if the GRP panels had been manufactured with
the capacity to bear the design loads specified in the Sub-Contract, it was
impossible for any loads exerted upon the panels by walking, handling or
storing things on the panels during installation to have caused delamination.
699

##### Foot Note 699

×

ABD 1C 37 at para 62.

303 That said, I accept that walking could have caused delamination in the
panels, for the following reasons. Specification Revision C states that “only”
the loads stated in Annexure 2 (see [51] above) need be considered in the
design of the panels. I understand this to mean that, while it was expected
that the panels would have to be walked upon, they were not expected to bear a
load in excess of 0.75 kPa or of 1.1 kN over a circular area 150mm in
diameter. In this regard, I note that BFG did warn Kalzip not to walk on the
panels, and discussed the problem of walking and jumping internally:

(a) On 18 January 2010, Mr Attwood wrote to Mr Carter that: 700

##### Foot Note 700

×

ABD 10E 6045.

BFG strongly recommend that all panels on site suffering from delamination are
identified and protected with plastic and plywood on top in order to halt the
ongoing damage being cause[d] by foot traffic in those are[a]s in particular
the end areas nearest the vertical walls.

Particular attention should be paid to avoid point loading during the
installation of the edge trim panels, plywood should be used in these areas
during this install as significant force is being used to force the edge trim
panel curved top edge into the roof panels which are in most cases flatter.

Mr Carter replied on the same day, assuring Mr Attwood that Kalzip would
arrange for plywood to be installed. This suggests that Kalzip accepted the
possibility of damage to the panels as a result of foot traffic. 701

##### Foot Note 701

×

ABD 10E 6045.

(b) On 20 January 2010 (see [131] above), Mr Attwood wrote to Mr Carter that
the panels were “being used as walkways”, which was an “unusual working
condition for the panels”, which were “designed for occasional 1 man walking
on the panels with a load spreader like a 2.4 x 1.3 m sheet of 25 mm plywood
placed on the top of panels”, and suggested that “Kalzip immediately stop use
of installed panels as walkways to stop any further delamination of panels”.
702

##### Foot Note 702

×

ABD 10E 6080.

(c) On 21 January 2010, Mr Kolhatkar wrote to Mr Carter recommending that
plywood spreaders be used if Kalzip intended to use the panels as walkways for
the purpose of installation, as this was “not a maintenance load” and
“exceed[ed] the limits of the load specification” in the Sub-Contract. 703

##### Foot Note 703

×

ABD 10E 6164.

There is photographic evidence that Kalzip did use plywood spreaders 704

##### Foot Note 704

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 580.

, although there is no evidence how widely these were used.

(d) On 29 January 2010, Mr Kolhatkar e-mailed Dr Samer saying that one
potential cause of delamination was that “[t]he panels, once installed, being
used as walkable surface by site personnel is putting excessive deformations,
causing the bottom skin to delami[n]ate”. 705

##### Foot Note 705

×

ABD 10E 6127.

On 8 February 2010, he again wrote to Dr Samer stating, “There are
delamination in the panels where the panels have been used in excess of the
design loads, like jumping on the panels from a height and also use of panels
as storage places for scaffolding and as access walkways.” 706

##### Foot Note 706

×

ABD 10E 6259.

(e) On 1 February 2010, Mr Attwood e-mailed others in BFG (see [146] above)
stating that the casino roof had been subjected to “high [point] loads
resulting in delamination”.

(f) On 27 February 2010, Mr Kolhatkar wrote to Mr Carter that BFG’s
“preliminary assessment” of the problem following a joint survey of the site
was that the “excessive handling and post installation loads were presented on
the panel[s]”, and that the “intended maintenance load specified [had been]
heavily exceeded as [the panels were] used as walkways during installation”.
707

##### Foot Note 707

×

ABD 10E 6390.

(g) On 3 March 2010, Mr Kolhatkar wrote to Mr Carter that Kalzip and BFG were
disagreed on the cause of delamination. According to Kalzip, the panels
delaminated before delivery. According to BFG, “panels are delaminated in post
delivery handling and usage”. 708

##### Foot Note 708

×

ABD 10E 6526.1.

On 7 March 2010, Mr Kolhatkar wrote to Dr Samer that “[b]oth [Kalzip] and MBS
know that there has been blatant misuse of panels as walkways and panels have
been excessively loaded”. 709

##### Foot Note 709

×

ABD 10E 6635.

(h) BFG also referred to an e-mail from Mr Attwood to Mr Carter on 2 September
2009, but that e-mail appears to have warned Kalzip about walking with the
panels in hand and not about walking on them. 710

##### Foot Note 710

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 576; Mr Attwood’s AEIC at p 345.

The e-mail subject is “MBS handling proposal” and the text of the e-mail
discusses MBS’ “plan to walk the panels on the roof”. This involved walking
“with the panels in a horizontal position … the panels will not survive any
shock loadings that would occur if those handling the panel were to [falter]”
[emphasis added]. It is clear to me that the e-mail is about how the panels
would be transported onto the roof in Singapore, and not about people walking
on the panels.

304 I am persuaded on a balance of probabilities that the workmen, especially
small groups of workmen, walking on the panels during installation would have
imposed loads in excess of the Sub-Contract load requirements. There was
evidence that some panels bore the weight of as many as eight to ten people at
one time (see [145] and [149] above). Mr Green said he had seen about six
people distributed across a panel at a time, which he thought would not breach
the loading requirement. 711

##### Foot Note 711

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 200 lines 12–17.

Mr Wymond thought that while one person standing on the panel would not exceed
the design load, multiple people standing near each other would have an
influence on each person’s point load and therefore exceed the point load of
1.1 kN. 712

##### Foot Note 712

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 166 line 15 – p 167 line 8.

The nearer the workers were standing to each other, the greater this influence
would be. There was one photograph of three workers squatting or kneeling very
closely to one another on a small area of a panel. 713

##### Foot Note 713

×

ABD N 102.

It was unfortunate that Mr Wymond did not calculate the magnitude of this
influence, or how many people could stand within a given area without
violating the point load requirement. However, I accept on a balance of
probabilities that having so many people on the panels at a time in such
proximity to one another would have exceeded the Sub-Contract load
requirements, which were intended only to allow a limited number of persons on
the panels while walking on plywood spreaders to spread their weight.

305 However, I do not rely on Mr Wymond’s analysis of toe press or heel press
in coming to this conclusion. There was no evidence of anybody concentrating
their weight on the heel or toes of one foot while on the panels. The persons
in the 2 March video do not appear to be deliberately concentrating their
weight on their heels or toes – at best, there would have naturally been some
concentration of weight as it shifted back and forth across their feet in the
normal course of walking. But I doubt that would have resulted in the person’s
entire weight (treated by Mr Wymond as a point load of 1.1 kN 714

##### Foot Note 714

×

ABD 4C 1446 and 1447.

, or 110kg) being concentrated on the toes or heel of one shoe, much less on a
tiny area of 7cm by 3cm (in the heel press scenario) or 8cm by 6cm (in the toe
press scenario). Indeed, it would be very odd if the weight of just one person
could, in the normal course of walking, exceed the loads specified in the Sub-
Contract, which clearly contemplated footfall on the panels. Mr Wymond himself
testified that walking on the GRP panels for a prolonged period would not
cause delamination, since the 2015 Tests showed that a test panel did not
delaminate even after undergoing 100 cycles of walking (see [196(a)] above).
715

##### Foot Note 715

×

ABD 4C 1355 at para 133; ABD 3C 844 at para 160.

306 I also accept that jumping would have imposed a load in excess of the Sub-
Contract requirements and could have caused delamination. Whereas Mr Green
considered it impossible to quantify the force of a person “jumping” on the
panel without knowing the weight of the person and the height from which they
jumped 716

##### Foot Note 716

×

ABD 1C 147 at para 53.

, Mr Wymond thought it possible to estimate this using basic physics. The Sub-
Contract provided for a static load of 1.1 kN applied on a circular area 150mm
in diameter, which would produce a stress of 8.267 MPa. By contrast, Mr Wymond
calculated that an 80kg person jumping onto the roof from a height of 0.9m
(landing on an area measuring 200mm by 200mm) would impose an equivalent
static load of 10.39 kN, and a person weighing 110kg jumping on a panel up to
a height of 300mm would impose an equivalent static load of 7.03 kN. 717

##### Foot Note 717

×

ABD 4C 1342 at Table 8.3, ABD 4C 1488 and 1450.

If a 1.1 kN design load would impose a stress of 8.267 MPa (as shown by the
finite element analysis), a load of 7 kN would impose a stress of 52.6 MPa.
One jump would therefore exceed the 1.1 kN design load. Multiple jumps would
generate resonant effects resulting in an even higher load. 718

##### Foot Note 718

×

ABD 4C 1354 at para 121.

Jumping in this manner would therefore induce a dynamic load which did not
accord with the loading requirements in the Sub-Contract. 719

##### Foot Note 719

×

ABD 3C 832 at para 122.

307 Kalzip submits that the independence and reliability of the finite element
analysis are “highly questionable”. 720

##### Foot Note 720

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 686.

This analysis was appended to Mr Wymond’s expert report, with no mention of
authorship. The finite element analysis was only described as “BFG Shear
Stress Assessment of ALHC to bottom skin”. 721

##### Foot Note 721

×

ABD 4C 1317.

It only came to light, on the third day of witness conferencing and after Mr
Kolhatkar and Mr Rade had given evidence, that they were the authors of the
analysis and not Mr Wymond. This fact was not disclosed in Mr Wymond’s report,
even though he knew that Mr Kolhatkar and Mr Rade were witnesses in the Suit.
Moreover, Mr Wymond’s involvement appeared to be limited to instructing Mr
Kolhatkar and Mr Rade to carry out the analysis based on the load cases that
he had described. 722

##### Foot Note 722

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 173 line 17 – p 181 line 4.

In omitting the authorship of the finite element analysis, Mr Wymond failed to
comply with O 40A r 3(2)(d) of the Rules of Court, which states that an
expert’s report must “state the name and qualifications of the person who
carried out any test or experiment which the expert has used for the report
and whether or not such test or experiment has been carried out under the
expert’s supervision”. Mr Wymond must have been aware of that requirement as
it was re-stated in his own expert report. 723

##### Foot Note 723

×

ABD 3C 797 at para 5; NE (31 March 2016) at p 182 lines 8–17.

Mr Kolhatkar and Mr Rade made no mention of the analysis in their AEICs and
were not examined on it during trial, because they had both been released as
witnesses by the time their authorship thereof came to light. This was
dissatisfactory since both Mr Kolhatkar and Mr Rade had a direct interest in
the proceedings.

308 However, I am unable to disregard the conclusions of the finite element
analysis for that reason alone. Although Mr Wymond had not conducted the
analysis himself, he was aware of the input data because it had been provided
in an earlier set of finite element analysis. 724

##### Foot Note 724

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 177 lines 16–22.

Moreover, Kalzip did not probe or call into question any of the actual
analysis, preferring to focus its submissions on the non-disclosure of
authorship. 725

##### Foot Note 725

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 116(a)(ii)–(iii); Plaintiff’s Reply
Submissions at para 686.

It could have applied to recall Mr Kolhatkar and Mr Rade, but did not do so.
In the circumstances, I accept that the workmen walking and jumping imposed a
load on the panels exceeding what they were designed to bear. Accordingly, I
find that walking and jumping onto the panels was a possible cause of
delamination. 726

##### Foot Note 726

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 341(c).

This is consistent with the Aedas report of 22 January 2010 (see [227] above),
which recorded that delaminated panels were observed along the stepped roof
area, 727

##### Foot Note 727

×

ABD N 98.

as well as with Mr Kolhatkar’s e-mail to Mr Carter on 2 February 2010, which
recorded that the casino panels “near the Edge Trim” showed delamination. 728

##### Foot Note 728

×

ABD 10E 6163.

309 Mr Mackay raises various arguments to explain why the delamination which
was observed could not have been caused by jumping: 729

##### Foot Note 729

×

ABD 1B 30 at para 73.

(a) Leaf 8 was the highest point on the MICE building, so nobody could have
jumped down onto it, and yet it exhibited the most excessive and widespread
delamination based on the four site surveys.

(b) The GRP panels averaged 14m long. The delamination was observed in all
areas of the panels, and some almost 6m from the nearest edge of the GRP
panels. It was impossible for the workers to have leapt 1.8m down from leaf 9
to leaf 10 and then another 6m forward to the further end of the panel on leaf
10. (This assumes, however, that the workers must have leapt directly onto all
the spots in which delamination was recorded.)

(c) Some of the delamination occurred on the panels which were so steeply
installed that one could not walk on these areas without a support harness,
much less jump onto them.

(d) Mr Mackay personally inspected the GRP panels on the MICE building roof on
or around 22 January 2010, the morning after they were installed. It was
unrealistic for someone to have jumped on them immediately after installation
the night before. 730

##### Foot Note 730

×

ABD 1B 31 at para 74.

310 The points at [309(a)]–[309(c)] were put to Mr Attwood during cross-
examination and he agreed with them. 731

##### Foot Note 731

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 81 lines 15–25.

However, Mr Mackay’s arguments are premised on the four site surveys, which I
have found are not an accurate record of delamination. I therefore am not
persuaded by them.

311 Finally, I add that the Aedas report of 22 January 2010 (see [227] above)
strongly supports the conclusion that some panels were damaged due to events
which occurred after they left the BFG factory. The report observes that there
were “numerous markings”, including numerous scratches, dents, rust, paint,
chips, glass sucker prints and footprints, on the surfaces of the GRP panels.
732

##### Foot Note 732

×

ABD N 99 and 109.

There is a photograph clearly showing a marking on a GRP panel that appears to
have been made by a tri-base suction-cup grip commonly used to hold glass
panes or other panels, and one can but wonder why it appears so prominently on
the flat surface of a GRP panel. Although Mr Wymond and Mr Green attributed
some of these marks to the suction cups from the lifting jig 733

##### Foot Note 733

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 145 line 11 – p 146 line 10.

, these do not match the size and positions of the suction cups on the lifting
jig. 734

##### Foot Note 734

×

ABD M 19, 24 and 37.

Mr Wymond makes the point that records from Loxon of panels leaving the
factory and photographs indicate that the panels were clean and wrapped in
clear plastic for shipping, suggesting that any surface contamination or
markings most likely occurred during installation from workers, materials and
onsite contamination. 735

##### Foot Note 735

×

ABD 3C 871 at para 336.

The panels could not have left the factory with these irregularities, since
Loxon had carefully inspected the quality and finish of the panels before
approving them for installation. Moreover, the panels would have been checked
for such defects when being lifted out of their stillages, and I doubt that
the workmen would have installed panels that were obviously unfit for
installation. 736

##### Foot Note 736

×

ABD 10E 6126; NE (30 March 2016) at p 120 line 19 – p 122 line 10.

For example, MICE panels which were damaged in transit were identified for
repair and attended to. 737

##### Foot Note 737

×

ABD 13E 8106–8114.

Mr Kolhatkar’s e-mail of 29 January 2010 also stated that “[t]he panels as
randomly checked before installation also show[e]d no defects” (see [140]
above). I therefore doubt very much that these panels were already in a
delaminated state when they were installed onsite. The existence of these
defects – particularly the presence of “dents” – suggests that they were
damaged in the course of handling thereafter. Where the Aedas report discusses
“delaminated” panels, it refers to them as “damaged delaminated GRP panels”,
“damaged, delaminated GRP panels”, “damaged - delaminated panels” and “damaged
/ delaminated GRP panels”. 738

##### Foot Note 738

×

ABD N 98–100, 109.

The use of the word “damaged” alongside “delaminated” reinforces my view that
the panels bore signs not only of delamination but also of having been damaged
after manufacture.

312 This view is also consistent with the dearth of evidence that the theatre
panels likewise had problems of delamination. If the problem of insufficient
resin was widespread, one would expect that problem to have afflicted the
theatre panels also. However, there was no reliable evidence of delamination
in the theatre panels. I now turn to consider Kalzip’s case on the cause of
delamination.

Kalzip’s explanation of the cause of delamination

313 Kalzip initially pleaded the following breaches by BFG in its Statement of
Claim: 739

##### Foot Note 739

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at para 35.

(a) failure to select and/or formulate the appropriate constituents of the GRP
panels to meet the required structural and fire requirements;

(b) failure to undertake a proper design of the GRP panels to avoid
delamination of the panels, including but not limited to failing to prescribe
a proper structure and geometry of the GRP panels;

(c) failure to undertake and/or prescribe a manufacturing and/or assembly
process that would be appropriate for sandwich construction of panels using an
aluminium honeycomb core; and

(d) failure to take all necessary measures to ensure that the GRP panels
supplied would comply with the fire and structural requirements.

314 There is ample evidence that the parties’ GRP experts agreed that BFG
selected appropriate constituents for the manufacture of the GRP panels. 740

##### Foot Note 740

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 30 lines 9–25, p 31 lines 23–24, p 34 line 21 – p 35
line 7; ABD 4C 1489 at para 20 (see also ABD 4C 1156 and 1158 at paras 14 and
18 respectively).

There was very little discussion by the experts of (b) above. In its closing
submissions, BFG ultimately relied on (c) alone: namely, that the panel
delamination resulted from BFG’s defective manufacturing process. 741

##### Foot Note 741

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 345 and 624(d).

I turn to this now.

Manufacturing process

315 Two questions are pertinent here:

(a) Was the manufacturing process designed by BFG adequate to produce GRP
panels that would comply with the Sub-Contract requirements?

(b) If so, was that process followed?

316 The manufacturing process was developed by Mr Anand, Mr Zeeyad, Mr
Krishnamoorthy Benjamin (who led BFG’s Production Team 742

##### Foot Note 742

×

ABD 2B 359 para 17; NE (23 March 2016) at p 209 lines 4–7.

) and Mr Premamoorthy. 743

##### Foot Note 743

×

ABD 2B 364 at para 32.

Mr Premamoorthy’s description of the manufacturing process, with which Mr
Kolhatkar agreed, was as follows: 744

##### Foot Note 744

×

ABD 2B 369–404; ABD 2B 260 at para 118.

(a) First, the mould was set up for the specific dimension of the GRP panel
being produced. This was known as “mould blanking”.

(b) Secondly, the mould was cleaned and conditioned using a release agent to
ensure that it was free from dust and foreign particles and to facilitate
removal of the GRP panels from the mould without being damaged. The mould was
visually inspected to ensure that it was free from dust, foreign particles and
scratches, and that the release agent had been properly applied.

(c) Thirdly, a gelcoat mixture (prepared by mixing a gelcoat with catalysts in
specified proportions and at specified temperatures) was applied to the mould.
This mixture was sprayed onto the mould to a thickness between 0.45mm and
0.60mm. Its thickness would be checked twice using a device known as a wet
film thickness gauge. The gelcoat mixture would be left to dry for
approximately 45 minutes until the surface was no longer wet. The gelcoat was
then touched up at the corners of the panels with a return flange using a
paint brush.

(d) To make the first layer (what would become the upper skin of the GRP
panel), pregel putty was applied on all corners and radii of the mould. Glass
fibre strips (225g/m2 chopped strand mat, or CSM 225) were applied on the
flanges of the GRP panels using a resin mixture. More CSM 225 was then applied
to the flat surface of the mould (excluding the flange) using a roller. A
second layer of CSM 225 was then rolled onto the entire panel surface
(including the flange). The entire laminate was then left to partially cure at
normal environmental conditions for a minimum of one hour.

(e) Ferrules were then inserted into the panels. They were positioned using a
ferrules bonding jig and bonded to the surface of what lay in the mould using
an adhesive. After the locations of the ferrules had been checked again,
sealant tape was applied on the mould perimeter.

(f) Gutter lamination was then performed with CSM 225, using the skin layer
resin. This was followed by gutter laminate cutting with a knife.

(g) A ferrule cap was then screwed onto the tip of each ferrule to prevent the
resin from entering and contaminating the ferrule. The ferrules were cleaned
to remove any excess adhesive.

(h) The ferrules were then laminated with two layers of CSM 300 by using a
bonding resin mixture.

(i) CSM 225 lamination was then performed on the surface and flanges by using
the bonding resin mixture for honeycomb bonding. This concluded the
preparation of the outer skin of the GRP panel.

(j) Next came the aluminium honeycomb core, which came in sheets of
approximately 0.5m by 3m. A bonding resin mixture was applied to the wet
laminate and the honeycomb sheets were laid into the laminate. To join
adjacent honeycomb sheets together, CSM 225 Z-strips were placed under one
honeycomb sheet and then laid atop the adjacent honeycomb sheet, using the
same bonding resin mixture.

(k) The panel was then prepared for vacuum-bagging, in order to adhere the
aluminium honeycomb to the upper skin. A fibreglass solid plate was installed
on each ferrule and another fibreglass plate installed to cover the pointed
pins to prevent damage to the vacuum bag. Steel frames were also placed around
the honeycomb sheets. Fibreglass flat sheets were then placed on strips of
release film on top of the joints of the aluminium honeycombs to ensure that
the joints lay flat.

(l) For the vacuum-bagging process, a bleeder cloth layer was applied on the
whole area up to the vacuum holes. A plastic layer was then placed on the
entire mould and sealed with sealant tape. After the vacuum lines and
connection were checked for leakage, the vacuum power was switched on and the
entire laminate left to cure under vacuum for a set time at a certain
temperature.

(m) After curing, the vacuum power was turned off and the vacuum materials
were removed. A bonding check was done by the quality control team visually
inspecting the product and pulling and shaking it by hand. In preparation for
the second vacuum-bagging process later on, sealant tape was applied around
the mould perimeter again.

(n) The second layer (which would become the inner skin of the GRP panel) was
then made. Glass fibres and the last layer resin mixture were applied to the
CSM 225 Z-strips lying atop the honeycomb joints in order to help them bond to
the inner skin. (The last layer resin mixture had higher acceleration for a
faster gelling time, so as to prevent the resin from dripping down during and
after lamination.) The inner skin comprised three layers of material. First,
the last layer resin mixture was applied to one ply of CSM 225 outside the
mould (“pre-wetting” the CSM 225), and the wet CSM 225 was transferred
immediately onto the honeycomb. Using the last layer resin mixture, this CSM
225 was then overlaid with one ply of another glass fibre (300g/m2 woven
roving, or WR 300) followed by another ply of CSM 225. The WR 300 and the
second layer of CSM 225 were not pre-wetted before being laid flat over the
first layer of CSM 225. 745

##### Foot Note 745

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 129 line 11 – p 130 line 15.

(o) In preparation of the second vacuum-bagging process, steel frames were
placed around the honeycomb to press the glass fibres down onto the resin
mixture. A release film layer was placed on the compound, including the
flanges. Fibreglass plates and solid plates were placed on each ferrule and
fibreglass flat sheets were placed atop the honeycomb joints, as at (k) above.
The vacuum-bagging process was repeated and the panel was thereafter left to
cure under certain parameters. Generally this required a minimum of four
hours’ curing at a room temperature of 25°C, although the time could be
reduced by up to 30 minutes depending on the room temperature. Mr Premamoorthy
stated in his AEIC that all the GRP panels used for the Project had in fact
been left to cure overnight, but during cross-examination changed this to
“most” panels. 746

##### Foot Note 746

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 162 lines 6–14, p 166 lines 8–12.

(p) The panel was then labelled and de-moulded using a handling jig. It was
inspected for delamination and then trimmed to remove unwanted excess fibres.
The gelcoat side was smoothed with sandpaper.

317 In my view, the manufacturing process described above was adequate and
cannot be blamed for any delamination that occurred. This was supported by the
evidence of both parties’ GRP experts.

318 Mr Maurieschat considered that, based on his review of BFG’s manufacturing
process, BFG “had undertaken proper material and process design as well as
quality control checks to avoid delamination of the panels”. 747

##### Foot Note 747

×

ABD 4C 1155 at para 10.

The manufacturing process was appropriate for the manufacturing of aluminium
honeycomb cored sandwich panels of large size (in this case, about 30m2). 748

##### Foot Note 748

×

ABD 4C 1203 at para 153.

BFG’s manufacturing facilities had numerous quality control checks in place at
every step of the manufacturing process. 749

##### Foot Note 749

×

ABD 4C 1159 at para 23.

Most significantly, Prof Nonhoff stated that the manufacturing process as
described by Mr Premamoorthy was “adequate”, though he emphasised the
importance of each step being carried out. 750

##### Foot Note 750

×

ABD 1C 34 at para 53.

319 The second question, which was a key point of disagreement between Prof
Nonhoff and Mr Maurieschat, was whether the manufacturing process described in
Mr Premamoorthy’s AEIC had actually been followed in 2009–2010. Unfortunately,
there were no copies of the PCS, which was the sole contemporaneous document
recording key parts of the manufacturing process. 751

##### Foot Note 751

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 225 line 19 – p 225 line 2; NE (24 March 2016) at p 18
lines 1–4, p 29 line 24 – p 30 line 3.

For this reason Kalzip submits that there is no credible evidence that BFG
followed its own manufacturing process. 752

##### Foot Note 752

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at paras 349 and 355.

Prof Nonhoff concluded that the manufacturing process had not been followed,
given his own inspection of the delaminated panels on 21 and 22 June 2010,
when he found that the inner face sheet was inadequately bonded to the
honeycomb core. 753

##### Foot Note 753

×

ABD 1C 33 at para 52.

In particular, it was clear to him from his inspection of more than 10 panels
that insufficient resin had been used and that the vacuum-bagging process must
have been inadequate in some way. 754

##### Foot Note 754

×

ABD 1C 34 at para 53.

Mr Maurieschat, on the other hand, was satisfied that “all steps were
precisely followed as per [Mr Premamoorthy’s] AEIC as well as several
inspection reports by Loxon and visits by Kalzip”. 755

##### Foot Note 755

×

ABD 4C 1491 at para 36.

320 I also note that each and every panel which was installed on the Project
had been signed off by Loxon (see [266] above), a third-party consultant hired
by Kalzip to see to it that the panels were manufactured properly and in a
satisfactory condition when they left the factory. Loxon was heavily involved
in the supervision of the manufacturing process. Loxon personnel would be
present at the blanking and preparation of the moulds, at the lamination
process, at the vacuum-bagging process, at demoulding, at trimming and at
finishing time. They would, finally, inspect each panel after it was produced,
ensure conformity with the criteria set out in the quality control sheet, and
approve it for delivery. 756

##### Foot Note 756

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 738–746.

There is no reason at all to doubt that Loxon personnel would have fulfilled
their duties prudently and competently. Loxon’s quality control process was
very well-documented, as shown by their weekly reports. It is therefore
unlikely that the panels installed had widespread manufacturing defects.

321 There are, essentially, four strands to Kalzip’s claim that the
manufacturing process was not followed. I take these in turn.

(1) Quantity of resin used

322 A key point of disagreement between the parties, and between their
respective GRP experts, was whether sufficient resin was used in manufacturing
the GRP panels. Both Prof Nonhoff and Mr Maurieschat agreed that the more
resin between the honeycomb and the last layer of the inner skin, the stronger
the bond would be between the honeycomb and the skin. 757

##### Foot Note 757

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 91 line 3 – p 92 line 4.

Prof Nonhoff emphasised the special importance of (1) ensuring a surplus of
resin so that sufficient resin would penetrate the edges of the honeycomb
core, and (2) ensuring that the inner and outer faces were vacuum-bagged and
subsequently baked. 758

##### Foot Note 758

×

ABD 1C 33 at para 51.

Prof Nonhoff thought that insufficient resin had been used whereas Mr
Maurieschat disagreed.

323 Prof Nonhoff testified at trial that if there was enough resin in the
panel, you would see an imprint of the honeycomb, but if resin was
insufficient, you would only see a smoother print. 759

##### Foot Note 759

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 94 lines 5–16.

He claimed that on one of the sample GRP panels he reviewed, the inner face
sheet left only an imprint of the honeycomb and was easily removable by hand,
suggesting that inadequate resin had been applied during manufacturing. 760

##### Foot Note 760

×

ABD 1C 34 at paras 54–55.

However, Prof Nonhoff has not produced any photographs showing this. In fact
the photograph of the panel which Prof Nonhoff pulled apart by hand quite
clearly showed the imprint of the aluminium honeycomb on the detached skin.
761

##### Foot Note 761

×

ABD 2C 571.

The imprint is also discernible from the photograph Prof Nonhoff took of the
perimeter of a cored hole. 762

##### Foot Note 762

×

ABD 2C 568.

Separately, one of the samples cored during Prof Nonhoff’s visit in June 2010
was photographed. According to Prof Nonhoff, this photograph showed that the
edges of the exposed honeycomb core were shiny and clean, suggesting that
delamination resulted from insufficient resin being used during the
manufacturing process. 763

##### Foot Note 763

×

ABD 2C 569–570 at paras 12–13.

However, because the photograph depicts the honeycomb from the top (rather
than at an angle), I am unable to tell whether there in fact was any resin on
the edges of the honeycomb. Both Mr Green and Prof Nonhoff also observed that
the coring video adduced by Kalzip showed that the core samples of delaminated
panels did not have any visible resin on the aluminium honeycomb core. 764

##### Foot Note 764

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 9 lines 22–25; NE (29 March 2016) at p 203 line 21 – p
204 line 4; NE (30 March 2016) at p 178 line 24 – p 179 line 4.

Again, with respect, I could not see that this was so.

324 However, there is evidence that there was variation in the weight in some
parts of the panels. The 2 March video stated the following weights of five
cored samples 765

##### Foot Note 765

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 9, lines 5–10.

:

Panel| Condition of core sample| Weight/m2  
---|---|---  
Casino building roof, leaf 13, panel 13| Delaminated| 10.41kg  
Casino building roof, leaf 13, panel 13| Good| 14.39kg  
MICE building roof, leaf 15, panel 9| Good| 10.84kg  
MICE building roof, leaf 16, panel 5 | Delaminated| 7.64kg  
Mock-up panel no 2| Good| 14.76kg  
  
325 I note that the 2 March video states “L16-P9” (ie, panel 9 of leaf 16) at
04:03 and 04:52 (the black stillframes stating the sample weights). However,
during the actual coring, the sample is annotated onscreen as “L16-P5” (ie,
panel 5 of leaf 16) (at 02:19) and that is how the sample is subsequently
labelled (at 03:24) and described by Mr Carter (at 08:35). This creates some
doubt as to which panel was cored, and is illustrative of the lack of
precision in the evidence that Kalzip canvassed to support its allegation of
delamination.

326 There was a difference of 3.98kg/m2 between the non-delaminated and
delaminated panels from the casino building roof, and a difference of 3.2kg/m2
for panels from the MICE building roof. In his expert report, Prof Nonhoff
opined that the difference in mass between the delaminated and non-delaminated
panels was due to BFG having used less resin than required in manufacturing
the panels which eventually delaminated. 766

##### Foot Note 766

×

ABD 1C 34 at paras 54–55.

He considered that the variation in weight could only be explained by
differences in the quantity of resin applied to each panel. 767

##### Foot Note 767

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 9 lines 11–13.

As I have said at [236]–[239] above, I do not accept the 2 March 2010 coring
exercise as proof that delamination occurred, since the delamination of those
core samples could have been contributed to by the force applied during
coring. However, I accept that the samples which were found to have
delaminated after coring were lighter than the samples which did not.

327 The correspondence within BFG in the wake of the 2 March 2010 core
sampling exercise shows that there was some concern about panel weight. On 7
March 2010, five days after the core sampling exercise, Mr Premamoorthy wrote
to Dr Samer as follows: 768

##### Foot Note 768

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 118 lines 18–24; ABD 10E 6636.

The particular panel in question is MICE panel which as per [Kalzip], the cut
sample weighs 7.5 kg/m2. As per BFG Philippines records, the panel input
materials data convert to 10 kg/m2. This information about low weight thin
skin panels was revealed by [Kalzip] to BFG late night before MBS meeting. …
Unfortunately our panels at site have real problems of low weight and
delamination of back skins. …

…

So the actual technical problem is that there are some panels that have not
been manufactured upto the required level of quality.

…

( Moorthy, I am attaching an interim report sent by Zeeyad in August 09 where
large panels show 11.5 kg / m2 and smaller panels of 22 m2 areas show 13-14 kg
/ m2. You need to check why this came down to 9.5 kg / m2 on MICE)

328 I note also that insufficient resin was cited as a possible reason in some
contemporaneous correspondence (see [117] above).

329 Prof Nonhoff also took cognisance of observations made by Arup regarding
the delaminated fire test samples received at BRE and Exova Warringtonfire:
769

##### Foot Note 769

×

ABD 2C 570 at para 13; ABD 30L 21965 and 21968.

In terms of the samples that had delaminated, the rear GRP sheet had simply
not been bonded sufficiently to the honey comb aluminium core and the GRP had
simply detached. The GRP sheet was not damaged in anyway and there was no
evidence of mechanical damage.

330 BFG makes two counter-arguments:

(a) First, it is more useful to look at the weight of full-sized panels,
rather than the weight of cored samples. The evidence suggests that the panels
did not have a weight problem. 770

##### Foot Note 770

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 776–782; Defendant’s Reply
Submissions at paras 128–130.

(b) Secondly, even if the panels varied in weight, that does not necessarily
mean that inadequate resin was used. 771

##### Foot Note 771

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 783–787.

331 I address these in turn. First, Mr Maurieschat’s expert report included a
table, which he claimed showed that the amount of resin used for inner skin
lamination in 2009–2010 and 2015 “were very similar”. The table was “supported
by production records of 2009-10 and 2015”. 772

##### Foot Note 772

×

ABD 4C 1203 at para 152.

The table compared the resin per square metre of the bottom layer of 10 panels
produced for the Project against the same for one panel produced in 2015. As
far as I can tell, the resin quantities for these panels appear to have been
taken from panel-wise material consumption reports exhibited in Mr
Premamoorthy’s fourth affidavit. 773

##### Foot Note 773

×

Mr Premamoorthy’s affidavit affirmed on 22 September 2016 at pp 186–195, p
212.

Mr Maurieschat also observed that the weight of each GRP panel produced was
compared with the specified weight and recorded in a document titled “Panel
weight record list MBSIR Podium Theatre” showing that the panel weights were
within limits. 774

##### Foot Note 774

×

ABD 4C 1493 at paras 47–48.

332 Mr Premamoorthy also did not accept that BFG’s panels were underweight. In
a second e-mail to Dr Samer on 11 March 2010, he wrote: 775

##### Foot Note 775

×

ABD 11E 6888.

… [T]here’s no way that the panel weight is below 9.5-10kgs/m2 because we
monitor the weight to ensure that it complies with the required weight/m2, but
this is manual process. Also, cutting a small portion of the panel will not
substantiate an accurate result on the weight/m2 of the entire panel, since
Fibre thickness is not even, so as the resin applied, which we all know very
well.

Having enlightened above you may be contemplating to know the root cause of
it. My opinion is that the aluminum honeycomb and the k133 Resin that we used.
Aluminum will not bond well with GRP … In addition to that, whenever we use
K133 Resin, we always ended up with problems. Maybe you don’t agree with that
but that is my opinion.

…

333 Having considered the evidence, I accept that the answer lies in the first
paragraph of Mr Premamoorthy’s e-mail set out above. There were weight records
for each panel produced. 776

##### Foot Note 776

×

ABD 4C 1174 at para 80(c); ABD 4C 1493 at para 47.

If too little resin was used for a panel, this would have been evident from
the record. But this would only have ensured that the total weight of the
entire panel was within an acceptable range. Because application of the resin
was a manual process, it would still have been possible for some parts of the
panel to have less resin and others more. This can be seen from the table at
[324] where two core samples were obtained from leaf 13, panel 13 of the
casino building. One weighed 10.41kg and the other 14.39kg. This would be
consistent with Prof Nonhoff’s view that the specific instances of
delamination which he observed were due to insufficient resin between the
inner skin and the aluminium honeycomb. Even on Kalzip’s case, delamination
was confined to certain areas within a panel – it did not necessarily affect
the entire panel.

334 My conclusion is also supported by an e-mail from Dr Samer to Mr Kolhatkar
on 7 March 2010, in which he observed that “it is very easy to pour resin on a
laminate and then spread it unevenly so that certain sections are resin rich
while others are resin starved” and that “[t]he result of such poor
workmanship would be a product that in total meets the weight requirements
since the overweigh[t] and underweight laminate sections average out”. He
considered that that was “probably what we are seeing”. 777

##### Foot Note 777

×

ABD 11E 6675.

335 BFG’s second counter-argument is that, even if the panels varied in
weight, this does not mean that insufficient resin was to blame. A set of
slides which BFG prepared for presentation to MBS lists various possible
reasons for variations in the thickness of the panels, including density
variation in raw materials; process limitations of manual lamination;
variations in environmental conditions that would affect the vacuum levels;
the fact that there was an inherent manufacturing variation in glass fibres of
8%; variations in the viscosity of the resins, due to changes in ambient
temperature, storage, shelf life and the cut size of the retardant fillers
mixed in the resin; variation in processing; and variations in ambient
atmospheric temperature and the barometric pressures in the shop floor. The
slides also included actual records of the weight and thickness of panels
manufactured by BFG which indicated that the variations in weight were within
9–11kg/m2 and the variations in thickness were within a tolerance of 1.5mm.
778

##### Foot Note 778

×

ABD M 256–259; ABD 2B 271 at para 154; Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para
130.

Mr Wymond and Mr Maurieschat also opined that the variance in the weight of
the panels could be explained on other bases. For example: 779

##### Foot Note 779

×

ABD 3C 834 at para 124; ABD 3C 803 at para 2.5.3.

(a) laps in fibreglass sheets required added resin, and this would lead to an
increase in mass;

(b) core samples cut through GRP Z stiffeners would have a greater mass than
samples cored through the honeycomb alone;

(c) product variations occurred to panel weights due to different temperatures
and cure rates in the factory.

336 Against this, I note that during cross-examination, Mr Kolhatkar agreed
that weight was indicative of resin use: 780

##### Foot Note 780

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 169 lines 14–17.

Q. I’d also suggest to you that the concern as to varying weights was because
it was indicative of the resin content in these panels. You can agree or
disagree.

A. Yes, if the weight was less, that would indicate the resin would be less
because glass and aluminium would be relatively constant width parameters in
the panels.

337 On the whole, I agree that the amount of resin used is not determinative.
Mr Kolhatkar explained in re-examination that GRP panels require resin at
different stages of the manufacturing process, and the bond between the inner
skin and the aluminium honeycomb depends specifically on the resin applied at
the interface of those two layers – not the resin forming part of the skins
themselves. 781

##### Foot Note 781

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 185 lines 1–21.

However, the total amount of resin used per panel may still be indicative of
how much resin was available at that interface between the inner skin and the
aluminium honeycomb. Indeed, Prof Nonhoff made the point that resin which is
soaked up by the dry glass fibre “reduce[s] the quantity of resin available to
make a bond with the honeycomb core”, thus making it imperative that there was
a “surplus of resin in the glass fibre to ensure adequate bond”. 782

##### Foot Note 782

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 8 lines 3–10.

338 On the totality of the evidence, I find that insufficient resin may
possibly have caused the panels to be more susceptible to delaminate due to a
weaker bond between the inner skin and the aluminium honeycomb. But that would
have occurred in specific areas and would not have been widespread through an
entire panel. That said, there is no evidence that any particular panel had
insufficient resin to bond with the aluminium honeycomb which consequently
resulted in that panel becoming delaminated, independently of mishandling or
misuse onsite by workmen.

339 I should add that I do not base my finding on Prof Nonhoff’s view on the
thickness of the resin. He observed that the inner layers of delaminated GRP
panels in 2009–2010 were typically only 1.8–2mm thick, whereas the mass of
resin on the bottom panel ought to have been at least 2.9mm thick (without
glass layers). 783

##### Foot Note 783

×

ABD N 84 at para 18; ABD 2C 577 at paras 32–34.

However, this was predicated on the erroneous assumption that it was not
necessary to include fire retardant in the resin mix applied to the inner
skin. 784

##### Foot Note 784

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 47 lines 7–11.

Mr Maurieschat calculated that, taking into account that the resin mix for the
inner skin had to include fire retardant, this would give a thickness of
1.93mm. 785

##### Foot Note 785

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 47 lines 15–19; p 55 line 22 – p 56 line 6; ABD N 128.

Prof Nonhoff agreed that if fire retardant were required for the inner skin,
then the thickness of resin on the bottom panel would go down to nearly 2mm.
786

##### Foot Note 786

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 55 lines 11–13; p 56 line 19 – p 57 line 6.

(2) Type of resin

340 Apart from the sufficiency of resin, Kalzip suggests that the type of
resin used may have been problematic. 787

##### Foot Note 787

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 354(c).

For this it cites the e-mail from Mr Premamoorthy to Dr Samer on 11 March
2010, in which Mr Premamoorthy attributed the “root cause” of delamination to
“the aluminium honeycomb and k133 Resin that we used” (see [332] above). 788

##### Foot Note 788

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 196 lines 15–25.

341 I do not accept that this could have caused delamination. Mr
Premamoorthy’s supposition was not supported by the other evidence. For
example, Dr Samer rejected Mr Premamoorthy’s explanation for why delamination
had occurred. In his reply to Mr Premamoorthy’s e-mail, Dr Samer wrote: 789

##### Foot Note 789

×

ABD 11E 6887–6888.

Dear Moorthy

If what you say is true…. and I at this stage cannot agree that this is the
case … then it would be very strange that the Theater panels are perfect, the
Casino panels are mostly Ok but the MICE panels are horrible.

This inco[n]sistency cannot happen from a process problem and is more
indicative of a manufacturing defect.

Come on Moorthy, the delaminated skins are very dry …..

I am not sure you have a strong case at all.

342 Mr Kolhatkar, too, disagreed that the use of the resin was problematic. He
explained that this resin had been used in several projects “including a very
large roofing project in Bahrain”, and had not always posed a problem. 790

##### Foot Note 790

×

NE (28 March 2016) at p 222 lines 1–12.

Finally, the parties’ GRP experts (including Prof Nonhoff) firmly agreed that
BFG had selected appropriate constituents for the manufacture of the GRP
panels. 791

##### Foot Note 791

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 30 lines 9–25, p 31 lines 23–24, p 34 line 21 – p 35
line 7; ABD 4C 1489 at para 20 (see also ABD 4C 1156 and 1158 at paras 14 and
18 respectively).

In the circumstances, I do not find that the type of resin used in manufacture
was inappropriate or deficient.

(3) The vacuum-bagging process and curing time

343 Kalzip suggests that the vacuum-bagging process was not carried out
properly. It emphasises that the vacuum-bagging process was “completely new”
for BFG’s Philippines factory and staff from its Bahrain factory had to be
flown in to train the Philippines staff. 792

##### Foot Note 792

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 205 line 15 – p 206 line 1; NE (28 March 2016) at p
216 lines 3–13.

Moreover, Mr Premamoorthy agreed that the manufacturing process was almost
entirely manual, and required each worker to correctly carry out each step of
the manufacturing process to ensure consistency. 793

##### Foot Note 793

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 92 line 1 – p 93 line 7.

344 There are two aspects of the vacuum-bagging stage which Kalzip attempts to
cast doubt on: (1) the pressure applied during the vacuum-bagging, and (2) the
time for which the panels were left to cure. 794

##### Foot Note 794

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 351.

To ensure sufficient adhesion between the aluminium honeycomb and the two
skins, it was important to maintain the correct pressure during vacuum-bagging
and allow the panels to cure for sufficient time. Mr Maurieschat explained
that if the pressure in the vacuum bagging process was decreased too fast, it
could affect the curing and that would affect the ability of the resin to bond
the GRP skin to the aluminium honeycomb. 795

##### Foot Note 795

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 113 lines 16–23, 118 lines 11–25, p 154 lines 16–19;
NE (1 April 2016) at p 148 line 21 – p 149 line 22.

345 I do not accept that there was any problem with the pressure applied
during vacuum-bagging. Mr Maurieschat agreed that it was difficult to satisfy
himself that the vacuum-bagging process was properly carried out in 2009
because he had not seen any documentation showing how the pressure was
applied. 796

##### Foot Note 796

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 149 line 23 – p 150 line 21.

That said, it would have been easy to detect a leak between the seal and the
mould, and it was not difficult to train workmen in the vacuum-bagging
process. 797

##### Foot Note 797

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 119 line 25 – p 120 line 11, p 212 lines 9–18; NE (24
March 2016) at p 61 lines 9–25.

Though it “appeared” to Prof Nonhoff “that the vacuum bagging of the inner
sheet of the panels was insufficient”, he did not expand on this. 798

##### Foot Note 798

×

ABD 1C 34 at para 53.

I find that the vacuum-bagging process was not a very technical and intricate
process. An insufficient seal anywhere would readily show up on the pressure
gauges.

346 I am also unable to find that insufficient curing time was given.

347 Mr Premamoorthy agreed that, if there was insufficient curing time, that
would compromise the bond of the aluminium honeycomb to the skins. 799

##### Foot Note 799

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 154 lines 16–19; NE (24 March 2016) at p 90 lines
17–21.

He agreed that it was particularly important to ensure adequate cure time for
the second vacuum bagging because BYK W-980, which was used as an additive,
cured quite slowly. 800

##### Foot Note 800

×

NE (24 March 2016) at p 89 lines 6–17, p 92 lines 12–22; ABD M 250.

The cure time should therefore be four hours, subject to a reduction of up to
30 minutes depending on temperature. 801

##### Foot Note 801

×

NE (24 March 2016) at p 93 lines 11–19; ABD 2B 401.

In fact, this was why BFG tried to leave the panels to cure overnight. This
was the case for most of the panels but if the manufacturing began early in
the morning it could end by around eight or nine at night, and the panel need
not be left to cure overnight (see [316(o)] above). It would still have taken
more than 12 hours to manufacture. 802

##### Foot Note 802

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 118 lines 11–25, p 161 lines 12–24, p 163 lines 6–14.

348 Mr Premamoorthy acknowledged that the curing time for the first vacuum-
bagging process was not always four hours. The actual duration of curing would
have been significantly influenced by the temperature that day, and could be
as few as two or three hours. 803

##### Foot Note 803

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 110 line 21 – p 113 line 14, p 115 line 24 – p 116
line 4.

Mr Maurieschat agreed that the curing time should be four hours, assuming a
temperature of 25 degrees, but could vary depending on the ambient temperature
and might be even shorter than three and a half hours. Unfortunately, there
was no evidence as to how long the panels were cured; the PCS, which would
have recorded curing time, were not in evidence. Nor was the mixing room
temperature record, which would have recorded the temperature on the day of
the cure. 804

##### Foot Note 804

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 115 lines 3–5, p 115 line 24 – p 116 line 4.

However, this relates to the first vacuum-bagging process (between the outer
skin of the GRP panel and the aluminium honeycomb core), whereas it is the
second vacuum-bagging process which would have affected the bond between the
honeycomb and the inner skin. In that regard, there was no evidence that
insufficient time was given for curing after the second vacuum-bagging
process.

(4) Over-production of panels

349 Kalzip submits that BFG cannot have complied with the manufacturing
process because it was producing more than six panels a day. This was based on
there being only six roof moulds and each panel taking approximately 13 hours
to manufacture. 805

##### Foot Note 805

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 356.

Mr Premamoorthy agreed that the entire manufacture of a GRP panel would
ordinarily take approximately 13 hours. 806

##### Foot Note 806

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 160 lines 3–8.

Given six roof moulds, it was impossible to produce more than six roof panels
per day. The quality control sheets showed, however, that BFG had in fact
produced up to seven panels from 27 July to 19 October 2009, and up to nine
panels from 20 October to 18 December 2009. 807

##### Foot Note 807

×

ABD N 58.

350 I do not accept this submission because it appears that there were more
than six roof moulds. Mr Premamoorthy originally stated in his AEIC that “[a]
total of ten (10) moulds were prepared by BFG’s project team”, comprising six
moulds for roof panels, one mould for the fascia panels and three moulds for
the return panels. This was supported by a “Mould Status Report” dated 20
March 2009. 808

##### Foot Note 808

×

ABD 2B 368 at para 43; Mr Premamoorthy’s AEIC at pp 179–181.

He also confirmed at trial that “10 moulds were constructed specifically for …
the podium project”, that “we had 10 moulds” and that BFG “had 10 moulds which
[they] were approved to use for the Marina Bay Sands projects”. 809

##### Foot Note 809

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 49 lines 12–23, p 50 lines 4–11, p 52 lines 10–21, p
112 line 12, p 166 lines 22–24.

However, it surfaced at trial that BFG had produced additional moulds to
produce roof panels in order to meet the delivery schedule. This was attested
to by Mr Premamoorthy and substantiated by e-mails and Loxon weekly reports.
One such report recorded an activity described as “Monitor Assembly of
additional mould” from 8am to 5pm on 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 and 15 October 2009.
810

##### Foot Note 810

×

ABD 1K 634; NE (23 March 2016) at p 170 lines 2–9; NE (24 March 2016) at p 112
lines 2–4.

351 Kalzip submits that there were at most two additional roof moulds, which
would have enabled BFG to produce up to eight roof panels a day. Kalzip
submits that BFG was only able to produce nine panels a day because it must
not have left the roof panels to cure overnight. 811

##### Foot Note 811

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 356(d) and 357.

352 I disagree that there were only two additional roof moulds. Mr
Premamoorthy originally testified under cross-examination that BFG had
produced “around four to five extra moulds” or “something four or five, three
or four”. 812

##### Foot Note 812

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 170 lines 2–9, p 174 lines 20–25.

In re-examination, he was brought to an e-mail sent by Mr Kolhatkar to Mr
Zeeyad on 6 October 2009: 813

##### Foot Note 813

×

ABD N 119.

Dear Zeeyad,

Please proceed with manufacturing of 2 production moulds for roof panels as
per the existing 6 moulds. …

With these 2 moulds all the MICE and CASINO panels except MICE Containers 10,
11, 12, 13 must be shipped out from the plant by 16th December.

We shall advice you if [Kalzip] agree for further additional 2 moulds to
complete all CASINO and MICE Deliveries by 16th December.

[emphasis added]

353 Mr Premamoorthy was then asked: 814

##### Foot Note 814

×

NE (24 March 2016) at p 109 lines 23–25.

Q. On the face of this e-mail, are you able to tell us how many production
moulds were additional?

A. It’s two production moulds additional.

354 Even assuming there were in fact only two additional moulds, this would
have made nine moulds in total. A Loxon weekly report in August 2009 recorded
that “BFG add 1 master mold for production of GRP Panel, a total of 7 panels
for GRP Roof and 21 for Edge Trim Panel every day in Production”. 815

##### Foot Note 815

×

ABD 1K 449.

This means that one additional mould must already have been produced in or
before October 2009. With two further moulds thereafter, this would have
brought the total to nine moulds.

355 But it seems there may have been even more than nine. The final paragraph
of the e-mail at [352] above referred to another two additional moulds pending
Kalzip’s agreement. That the number of additional moulds was four is also
suggested by another letter sent by BFG to Mr Carter on 6 October 2009 which
proposed “Additional 4 Nos. roof panel moulds similar to existing 6 moulds
already approved” [emphasis added]. 816

##### Foot Note 816

×

ABD 9E 5611.1.

When this was shown to Mr Premamoorthy, he clarified his evidence accordingly:
817

##### Foot Note 817

×

NE (24 March 2016) at p 111 lines 1–7.

Q. Are you able to tell us from this document what are the additional moulds
that are proposed, if any?

A. This is for the roof, I think, because we asked for four, because to keep
additional, because it has to be rotated, the mould. That’s for the roof, I
remember now.

[emphasis added]

356 This is also confirmed by other e-mails on 5 and 6 October 2009, in which
Mr Kolhatkar wrote to Mr Carter that “If we need to complete all MICE
shipments by 20th December … we will need 4 extra moulds to be manufactured
immediately”. At Mr Carter’s request he attached “the formal proposal for
extra 4 moulds from BFG HO”. 818

##### Foot Note 818

×

ABD N 121–122.

357 BFG’s alternative counter-argument is that even if it only had six roof
moulds, it was possible for two moulds to produce three panels each day. It
relies on a table (“D10”) produced by Mr Maurieschat which allegedly shows
that two moulds could produce up to three panels in a 24-hour period. 819

##### Foot Note 819

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 761; ABD N 127.

I doubt this counter-argument and, given my finding that there were enough
roof moulds to produce up to nine panels a day, it will have little bearing on
the result. Nonetheless, for completeness, I briefly explain why this counter-
argument does not hold water.

358 First, Prof Nonhoff agreed that it was possible to produce three panels
with two moulds in a day if the timings proposed in D10 were accurate, but he
expressed doubts about whether the stages of production could realistically be
accomplished within such short periods of time: 820

##### Foot Note 820

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 40 line 10 – p 41 line 2.

PROF NONHOFF: All the information on the paper are only theory and if they are
really true, then it is possible but without any problems in between to
produce three panels with two forms. My problem is that the timings, example,
for the BL [bottom layer], for S [trimming or cleaning the mould] and -- for S
[trimming or cleaning the mould] --

PROF NONHOFF: (In English) It’s one hour. For this 40 square metre, very short
time. The next is for the bottom layers, it is 3mm and then you must --
between curing, and then you must do the next layers for the honeycombs. I'm
sure you need much more than one hour. And for the layer with the honeycombs,
then you must make the vacuum bagging right, I think it’s one hour to less.

The other point is three and a half hours is a minimum what you must have for
curing, otherwise you get some problems with the resin.

359 Mr Maurieschat thought that it was practical to manufacture three panels
with two moulds in 24 hours. However, he also admitted that D10 did not
reflect all the stages of manufacturing:

(a) It omitted the time that would be required for preparing the gelcoat;
spraying the gelcoat mixture into the mould; and drying the gelcoat, which Mr
Premamoorthy had said would take about 45 minutes. Mr Maurieschat estimated
that these steps would require another hour. 821

##### Foot Note 821

×

NE (1 April 2016) at pp 188–189, p 190 lines 5–9.

(b) It omitted the time required for identifying the location of the ferrules
and laminating them. Mr Maurieschat estimated that these steps would require
another 30 minutes. 822

##### Foot Note 822

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 190 line 10 – p 191 line 4.

360 Mr Maurieschat sought to downplay the significance of these omissions,
because the manufacturing team was trained in the manufacturing process and so
would be able to perform the steps slightly faster than estimated. 823

##### Foot Note 823

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 42 line 15 – p 43 line 12, p 191 line 22 – p 192 line
5.

However, he conceded that he was not directly involved in the training of the
manufacturing staff and simply assumed this. 824

##### Foot Note 824

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 192 line 6 – p 193 line 1.

361 In the circumstances, I do not rely on D10 as evidence that three panels
could have been (or were) produced with two moulds in a 24-hour period. But
given what I have said above regarding the additional moulds produced for the
Project, I do not find that the daily rate of production shows that BFG did
not fully comply with the manufacturing process.

BFG’s lack of experience manufacturing panels of this size and composition

362 To support its case that the delamination was attributable to poor
manufacturing, Kalzip submits that BFG’s factory in the Philippines faced
quality control issues and was inexperienced.

363 Mr Kolhatkar gave evidence that prior to the Project, BFG had experience
dealing with aluminium honeycombs but its factories in both Bahrain and the
Philippines did not have expertise manufacturing aluminium honeycomb cored
panels to such a large size. The roofs and roof components it had manufactured
prior to the Project did not have aluminium honeycomb as the core. The
aluminium honeycomb products BFG had previously produced would have had
different end uses, for example as a cabin door or jetty. 825

##### Foot Note 825

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 202 lines 10–19; NE (28 March 2016) at p 190 line 13 –
p 192 line 7, p 230 line 23 – p 232 line 19, p 233 lines 14–23.

An e-mail from Mr Kolhatkar to Dr Samer on 29 January 2010 also states that
“Aluminium Honeycomb cored FRP panels proposed for the project were a new
development at BFG” and “initial trials with the material were rigorously
undertaken at BFG Bahrain as well as BFG Philippines” because “the level of
confidence was not established”. 826

##### Foot Note 826

×

ABD 10E 6126.

On 30 April 2010, an e-mail from another BFG staff member to Mr Benjamin
Krishnamoorthy, who was in charge of production at the BFG Philippines
factory, stated: 827

##### Foot Note 827

×

ABD 12E 7613.

We would like to inform you that we are facing problems in PODIUM PRODUCTION,
because our consumption now is higher than our standard ratio. We conduct
investigation and we found out that the reason of over consumption is because
our people in podium are not that skilled in this project. We are trying to
control the material to maintain the standard weight but still there is an
over consumption. So if we will encounter problem or complains regarding the
quality of this project, we will not be liable with it.

[emphasis added]

364 Notwithstanding BFG’s point that this particular problem of over-
consumption had to do with the production of panels which were too heavy
(rather than too light) 828

##### Foot Note 828

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 140.

, the fact remains that BFG personnel were not well-versed with the
manufacturing process in the initial stages.

365 BFG’s lack of experience is consistent with my finding that shortcomings
in manufacturing (particularly insufficient resin at some areas) may have
contributed to the panels’ susceptibility to delaminate. I do not, however,
place any weight on an e-mail on 25 November 2007 which Kalzip cites, which
records that Salvatore – the operational director of BFG’s Bahrain factory –
was “upset with Philippines Quality level and the problems we already have on
Floor panels”. This complaint was made before the Sub-Contract was entered
into, in relation to an unrelated project which BFG was working on, and I
agree with BFG and Mr Premamoorthy that it is not useful to consider it in the
context of this Suit. 829

##### Foot Note 829

×

ABD 2E 1221; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 354(a); Plaintiff’s Reply
Submissions at para 380; Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 139; NE (23
March 2016) at p 207 lines 13–24.

Failure to produce the PCS

366 Kalzip invites the court to draw an adverse inference against BFG under s
116 of the Evidence Act for its failure to produce more of the PCS from the
2009–2010 production run. Kalzip submits that BFG has refused to provide the
PCS because they are likely to show that the 2009/2010 production process was
not carried out properly. 830

##### Foot Note 830

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 363–370; Plaintiff’s Reply
Submissions at para 424.

Section 116 states:

Court may presume existence of certain fact

116. The court may presume the existence of any fact which it thinks likely to have happened, regard being had to the common course of natural events, human conduct, and public and private business, in their relation to the facts of the particular case. 

367 Illustration (g) states that the court may presume “that evidence which
could be and is not produced would if produced be unfavourable to the person
who withholds it”.

368 Prior to the trial, BFG had only seen two types of PCS: one was a blank
PCS template and the other PCS was for a panel which was used in a specific
wind load test (not one of the GRP panels produced for installation). 831

##### Foot Note 831

×

ABD N 57; NE (23 March 2016) at p 157 lines 3–11; ABD 15K 11560.

Kalzip’s lawyers wrote to BFG’s lawyers on 1 March 2016 to ask for discovery
of all PCS generated by BFG during the Project, including both the 2009–2010
and 2015 production runs. 832

##### Foot Note 832

×

Mr Premamoorthy’s affidavit, affirmed on 22 September 2016, p 43.

On 2 March 2016, the Assistant Registrar directed BFG to respond by 4 March
2016 whether it would be providing discovery of the PCS sought and, if so, to
produce them by 8 March 2016. On 4 March, BFG’s lawyers informed Kalzip’s
lawyers that BFG “no longer retain[ed] any physical hard copies of the PCS”
and were “checking to confirm if any [soft] copies of the PCS might be
available”. On 7 March 2016, the parties came before me and I directed BFG to
file an affidavit to explain the two PCS that had been disclosed.

369 On 18 March 2016, BFG filed a second affidavit by Mr Premamoorthy which
explained that it was “not [BFG’s] company policy” to retain physical copies
of the PCS approximately only two years after the completion of production due
to space constraints and the costs of retention. Moreover, once Loxon signed
off on the quality control sheets and approved the panels, internal quality
control documents like the PCS were deemed no longer relevant. He confirmed,
both on affidavit as well as in oral evidence, that no hard or scanned copies
of the PCS remained from the period of 2009–2010. 833

##### Foot Note 833

×

Mr Premamoorthy’s affidavit, affirmed on 18 March 2016, paras 6, 7, 11, 14 and
15; NE (23 March 2016) at p 225 lines 11–14; p 231 lines 16–23; p 232 lines
20–25.

Mr Premamoorthy also confirmed at trial that no PCS from the 2009 production
run, and only one PCS from the 2015 production run, had been given to BFG’s
experts. 834

##### Foot Note 834

×

NE (24 March 2016) at p 14 line 13 – p 15 line 1.

As will be seen, both these assertions turned out to be untrue.

370 Contrary to Kalzip’s letter dated 4 March 2016 and Mr Premamoorthy’s third
affidavit, Mr Premamoorthy testified at trial on 24 March 2016 that PCS from
the 2015 production run should in theory be available. 835

##### Foot Note 835

×

NE (24 March 2016) at p 68 line 4 – p 71 line 3.

He explained that he had misunderstood Kalzip’s request as a request for PCS
generated in the 2009 production run only, and not the 2015 production run.
According to BFG’s two-year destruction policy, the 2015 PCS should not yet
have been destroyed. 836

##### Foot Note 836

×

Mr Premamoorthy’s affidavit, affirmed on 22 September 2016, para 23; NE (24
March 2016) at p 73 lines 12–18.

In my view it is very clear from Kalzip’s letter of 1 March that it was
requesting the PCS from both the 2009–2010 and 2015 production runs and Mr
Premamoorthy had no reason to construe it as otherwise. 837

##### Foot Note 837

×

Mr Premamoorthy’s affidavit, affirmed on 22 September 2016, p 43.

However, I do not think he was deliberately concealing the 2015 PCS, since
they surfaced only because of his own testimony at trial that they ought to be
in BFG’s possession.

371 On 29 March 2016, BFG took out Summons No 1506 of 2016 (“SUM 1506”)
seeking leave to file a fourth supplementary list of documents (“4SLOD”) and
for the documents listed therein to be admitted in evidence. The summons was
supported by a third affidavit from Mr Premamoorthy, affirmed on 29 March
2016. The documents in question included one of each of the following for nine
panels produced in 2015 (serial numbers 2 to 7 and additional samples #1 and
#2): 838

##### Foot Note 838

×

Mr Premamoorthy’s affidavit, affirmed on 29 March 2016.

(a) a quality control sheet;

(b) a visual check sheet for gelcoat side;

(c) a visual check sheet for lamination side;

(d) a process control sheet;

(e) a ferrules dimension location checking;

(f) a mould visual inspection report; and

(g) a mould dimensional inspection report.

372 On 1 April 2016, during witness conferencing, Mr Maurieschat stated that
BFG had given him a copy of a PCS from 2009/2010 for review (see [192] above).
He also said that Mr Premamoorthy had told him in January 2015 that PCS
remained for the other panels. 839

##### Foot Note 839

×

NE (1 April 2016) at p 154, p 156 lines 18–24, p 160 line 12 – p 161 line 12.

Mr Premamoorthy subsequently denied telling Mr Maurieschat this 840

##### Foot Note 840

×

NE (3 October 2016) at p 14 line 21.

, although he did say that at the time of his AEIC in November 2015 he himself
believed that all the PCS existed, and only afterwards remembered that there
was a company policy of destroying the documents after two years. 841

##### Foot Note 841

×

NE (24 March 2015) at p 5 line 17 – p 6 line 1; NE (3 October 2016) at p 15
lines 12–25.

373 On 1 August 2016, Kalzip wrote to BFG “to confirm” that it sought
production from Mr Maurieschat of various documents which he had claimed
during trial to have in his possession. These comprised one PCS from the 2009
production run, the ten panel-wise material consumption reports, and five
panel weight record lists. 842

##### Foot Note 842

×

ABD N 150–151.

On 22 September 2016, after parties had exchanged written submissions in SUM
1506, Mr Premamoorthy filed a fourth affidavit seeking leave for the documents
listed in an updated draft of BFG’s revised 4SLOD to also be admitted in
evidence. These further documents comprised: 843

##### Foot Note 843

×

Mr Premamoorthy’s affidavit, affirmed on 22 September 2016, at paras 51–52.

(a) 11 panel-wise material consumption reports for panels produced in 2009;

(b) a further ten panel-wise material consumption reports for panels produced
in 2009;

(c) one PCS for a GRP panel produced in 2009 (the same PCS which Mr
Maurieschat had referred to during witness conferencing on 1 April 2016);

(d) 94 dispensing daily mixing reports for panels produced in 2009;

(e) 11 resin mixture monitoring record for panels produced in May–July and
October 2015;

(f) quality control documents for two panels manufactured in October 2015 for
fire tests (comprising one mould dimensional inspection report; one mould
visual inspection report; one process control sheet; one visual check sheet
for lamination side; one visual check sheet for gelcoat side; one quality
control sheet; and one resin mixture monitoring document for each of the two
panels); and

(g) 11 panel-wise material consumption reports in respect of panels produced
in May–July and October 2015.

374 I heard SUM 1506 on 3 October 2016. As counsel for Kalzip pointed out, the
documents were sought to be admitted very late in the day, after all the
witnesses had given evidence (with the exception of the parties’ fire experts,
and Mr Maurieschat and Mr Premamoorthy who were recalled to give further
evidence on specific points). I therefore gave BFG leave to file a 4SLOD
comprising only the 11 panel-wise material consumption reports from 2009 and
the single PCS from the 2009 production run (see [373(a)] and [373(c)] above),
and none of the other documents listed at [371] and [373].

375 Mr Maurieschat gave further oral evidence on 3 October 2016. He explained
that he had received the single PCS from the 2009 production run by e-mail
from Mr Kolhatkar on 4 October 2015. 844

##### Foot Note 844

×

NE (3 October 2016) at p 66 lines 4–10; ABD N 235 at para 2(b).

According to Mr Premamoorthy, the PCS along with other documents had been kept
by a colleague (Mary Ann Bautista, or “Mary Ann”) in an arch file since around
March or June 2010. Mary Ann used to be the “Production Clerk and Material
Controller” for the Project and had been working in Factory 2 since 2011.
During March to June 2010, Mr Anand was working on several submissions to be
made to Kalzip to help Kalzip convince MBS that the panels could be used on
the Project (see [12] above). As part of this process, Mr Anand asked Mary Ann
to retain in an arch file some hard copies and some soft copies of such
documents as he might require to take to Kalzip for meetings regarding the
submissions he was preparing at the time. Mary Ann did so. His colleague, Mr
Mohammed Naeem (“Mr Naeem”), informed Mr Premamoorthy in or around May 2015
that during Mr Maurieschat’s visit he had approached Mary Ann to assist in the
search for documents, and she produced the materials in the arch file. 845

##### Foot Note 845

×

Mr Premamoorthy’s affidavit, affirmed on 18 March 2016, para 32; Mr
Premamoorthy’s affidavit, affirmed on 22 September 2016, para 32.

376 In Kalzip’s closing submissions, it emphasised that BFG “changed its
position” from insisting that no PCS remained to claiming that “one single
piece of PCS” out of over 3,000 was “conveniently filed away by BFG” and that
this one PCS was “coincidentally” for a non-delaminated panel. 846

##### Foot Note 846

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 365(j).

I note that counsel for Kalzip made the other following points at trial:

(a) It was strange for BFG not to have retained the PCS despite knowing that
there could be a claim for breach of the Sub-Contract, given that the PCS was
the key document for verifying the manufacturing process. 847

##### Foot Note 847

×

NE (24 March 2016) at pp 29–30.

As early as March 2010, BFG was receiving letters from Kalzip’s lawyers
alleging that the manufacturing process was defective and caused delamination.
848

##### Foot Note 848

×

ABD 11E 7207; NE (24 March 2016) at pp 27–28.

In May 2010 BFG was notified of a claim for supplying defective panels. 849

##### Foot Note 849

×

ABD 12E 7859, NE (24 March 2016) at p 29 lines 5–7.

BFG received Kalzip’s letter of demand in May 2013.

(b) BFG’s explanation that the PCS lost relevance after Loxon signed off on
the quality control sheet was incredible. By the same logic, the mould visual
inspection report and the mould dimensional inspection report ought also to
have become irrelevant, yet these (one for each panel produced in 2009) were
nevertheless retained. 850

##### Foot Note 850

×

NE (24 March 2016) at p 19.

(c) As for space constraints, the PCS for 3,421 panels would have only
required five arch files. 851

##### Foot Note 851

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 235 lines 2–15.

(d) The alleged company policy of retaining documents for two years was
inconsistent with BFG’s Quality Assurance Plan, which stated that the “serial
test report/control checklist/sample” was to be maintained for three years
from the date of manufacture. 852

##### Foot Note 852

×

ABD 1K 347, 360; NE (24 March 2016) at p 16 lines 6–13.

377 I decline to draw an adverse inference against BFG. Illustration (g) to s
116 was discussed in Cheong Ghim Fah and another v Murugian s/o Rangasamy
[2004] 1 SLR(R) 628 in the following terms at [39] (cited with approval in
Surender Singh s/o Jagdish Singh and another (administrators of the estate of
Narindar Kaur d/o Sarwan Singh, deceased) v Li Man Kay and others [2010] 1 SLR
428 at [147]):

… Section 116(g) encapsulates a common sense rule. In the scheme of our
adversarial litigation procedures, it is perfectly permissible for a party not
to call witnesses or adduce evidence on any material point in issue. Section
116(g) mirrors the common law approach that a party cannot take issue with the
raising of inferences about matters that the party has chosen to consciously
conceal or hold back. The inference must, it has to be emphasised, be
reasonably drawn from the matrix of established facts. Satisfying the court as
to the availability and materiality of the evidence is a necessary
prerequisite to any application of s 116(g). For example, it has often been
said if there is a reasonable explanation why a witness, who is out of the
jurisdiction, cannot give evidence, the inference may not be raised. Having
said that, in today’s advanced technological context, replete with video-
conferencing facilities and the like, older authorities on this point may need
reconsideration.

378 Illustration (g) only permits the court to draw an adverse inference that
evidence would be unfavourable if the evidence is available, ie, if it “could
be and is not produced” [emphasis added]. I am not confident that BFG is able
to produce the other PCS for the panels manufactured in 2009. Though BFG may
be criticised for not preserving the relevant documentation, there is no
objective evidence that the PCS actually exist. To the contrary, there is
evidence that BFG has a policy of destroying documents once a certain period
of time has elapsed after manufacture. While the PCS may only have occupied
five arch files, they were a small part of the documentation that BFG had to
handle – approximately 50,000–100,000 quality control and other documents for
each project, and as many as 30–35 projects at any point in time. 853

##### Foot Note 853

×

NE (23 March 2016) at p 235 lines 6–15, p 237 lines 10–13; Mr Premamoorthy’s
affidavit, affirmed on 22 September 2016, para 53.

Its policy of destroying documents was therefore understandable. BFG has also
explained that the PCS was destroyed because it was designated for “Internal
Use only”. 854

##### Foot Note 854

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 833–834; Defendant’s Reply
Submissions at para 152.2.

This explains why the mould visual inspection report and the mould dimensional
inspection report (see [376(b)] above) were not destroyed.

379 Though it is regrettable that the sole PCS which was discovered in 2016
was not disclosed earlier, I do not attribute this to any deliberate
concealment on BFG’s part. BFG did produce a substantial amount of other
quality assurance documentation. 855

##### Foot Note 855

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 829; Defendant’s Reply Submissions at
para 152.2.

The PCS were produced very many years ago, and BFG’s explanation of how that
particular PCS came to be preserved is not implausible. Nor has it been proved
that Mr Premamoorthy lied deliberately in his affidavit on 18 March 2016 that
no PCS remained from the 2009–2010 production run. He was, after all, not the
one who had sent the PCS to Mr Maurieschat. Though Mr Premamoorthy was told in
May 2015 by Mr Naeem that he had approached Mary Ann for documents 856

##### Foot Note 856

×

Mr Premamoorthy’s affidavit, affirmed on 18 March 2016, para 32.

, there was no evidence that Mr Premamoorthy followed up on this or that he
knew that the PCS was amongst Mary Ann’s documents. There is therefore
insufficient evidence for me to conclude that BFG either deliberately
destroyed or is deliberately concealing the PCS. I have also explained why I
do not think the late discovery of the nine PCS from the 2015 production run
was the result of deliberate concealment.

380 Moreover, there is little reason to infer that if the PCS were produced,
they would have been unfavourable to BFG. Each PCS was signed off by Loxon,
whom Kalzip had engaged for the very purpose of keeping watch over the quality
of the panels manufactured. If there were many PCS with anomalies or
deficiencies, Loxon would not have signed off on these and would invariably
have reported back to Kalzip separately. For these reasons, I decline to draw
an adverse inference against BFG.

My conclusion on the cause of delamination

381 I earlier explained that, if Kalzip proves as a fact that the panels
underwent widespread delamination, the tactical burden shifts to BFG to show
that the panels delaminated because of some action or error not attributable
to itself. If BFG fails to prove that any of these could have caused
delamination, then by process of elimination it will be more likely than not
that the panels delaminated because they were not manufactured to the
requisite standard (see [262] above). If, however, BFG adduces enough evidence
to disprove that the delamination was probably due to defective manufacturing,
then Kalzip will have failed to prove on a balance of probabilities that BFG
breached the Sub-Contract by supplying GRP panels which deflected excessively.

382 I have found that BFG had proved that the panels had been walked and
jumped on, and that the workmen walking and jumping on the panels exerted a
force in excess of the design load of the Sub-Contract (see [304], [306] and
[308] above). This could have caused the panels to delaminate. I also found
that items and materials had been placed and stored on the installed panels
(see [285] above). There is also independent evidence from Aedas of numerous
scratches, dents, rust, paint, chips, glass sucker and footprints on the GRP
panel surfaces. This is backed up by the photographs in Aedas’ report of 22
January 2010. However, there is no evidence as to how many panels were jumped
on or whether these were the same panels that exhibited signs of delamination.
I also found that the use of insufficient resin during BFG’s manufacturing
process could have made the panels more prone to delaminate (see [322]–[339]
above).

383 The evidence does not enable me to say which of these causes was
predominantly responsible for the evidence of delamination which I have
enumerated at [249] above. Nor does the internal correspondence within BFG
enable me to make such a finding, because it does not show that BFG
unequivocally accepted that its own manufacturing process was to blame. On the
contrary, BFG at first repeatedly laid the blame at Kalzip’s door for
mishandling and misuse of the panels (see [303] above). Subsequently, when
Kalzip confronted BFG with evidence that some cored samples were underweight,
BFG was forced to recognise both manufacturing inconsistency and mishandling
as potential causes of the delamination. But while BFG may have had internal
doubts about the integrity of its manufacturing process, there is no evidence
of BFG accepting (either internally or vis-à-vis Kalzip) that that process had
caused the delamination. Whereas Dr Samer expressed the view that the state of
the panels was “indicative of a manufacturing defect”, he did not give
evidence, and Mr Premamoorthy disagreed with his view. In an internal e-mail
on 7 March 2010, Mr Kolhatkar suggested sending panels which had not yet been
installed for load testing, so as to determine whether the delamination on the
installed panels was attributable to misuse or defective manufacturing: 857

##### Foot Note 857

×

ABD 10E 6635.

So the actual technical problem is that there are some panels that have not
been manufactured upto [sic] the required level of quality. We are doing a
muffle furnace burn off of some of the skins received from [Kalzip] to prove
to [Kalzip] that actual layup is same as designed. Should this test get
through successfully, I have been insisting that we take the risk and go
through a full scale load test on the panels that have not undergone the
installation misuse i.e. panels in containers. If we pass this load test,
which if panels are made to designed layup, they would as per initial test
results, then BFG gets in strong position to state that the misuse is the root
cause. Should the test fail, then manufacturing defect would be taken as root
cause. As [Kalzip] are almost sure that panel will pass, they have completely
denied taking this route.

384 In other words, BFG was undecided whether the defective manufacturing
and/or the misuse (in terms of the panels being walked and jumped on and
having items and materials placed or stored on them) was to blame. BFG thus
proposed that panels which had not yet been installed be tested for
delamination. 858

##### Foot Note 858

×

ABD 10E 6526.1, 6526.7.

385 It may well be the case that either or both these causes contributed to
the panels delaminating. Having considered and weighed all the evidence put
before me and for the reasons set out above, my conclusions are as follows:

(a) Kalzip has not proved its case that there was widespread inner skin
delamination. The only such delamination which it can be said to have proved
is of 20 panels on the casino building roof. This is based on Mr Kolhatkar’s
e-mails to Mr Carter on 2 February 2010 and to Dr Samer on 8 February 2010, as
well as the site investigation report attached to the latter e-mail (see [147]
and [148] above).

(b) Kalzip has shown that there was some inconsistency in BFG’s manufacturing
process from its coring of what were effectively four samples (see [324]
above; the fifth cored sample was from the mock-up). There were two core
samples from panel 13 of leaf 13 of the casino building, and one core sample
each from leaf 15, panel 9 and leaf 16, panel 5 of the MICE building. The
differences in weight between the core samples indicate that parts of some
panels received insufficient resin during manufacture. This does not detract
from the views I have expressed concerning the conclusions that may reliably
be drawn from the coring process, in particular that it does not establish
delamination.

(c) The four core samples also do not prove, on balance, that BFG’s
manufacture of the GRP panels was systemically defective.

(d) There is no evidence that the cored casino panel (leaf 13, panel 13) was
one of the 20 delaminated panels. There is also no evidence that inadequacy of
resin was the cause of that panel, or any of the 20 panels, delaminating. I
have mentioned above, inter alia, Loxon’s presence at the BFG plant and its
sign-off on each panel produced by BFG. There is a complete lack of evidence
of any particular panel suffering inner skin delamination as a result of
defective manufacture.

(e) Importantly, there is evidence that the GRP panels on the casino building
were mistreated and misused by workmen onsite after being installed. They were
subjected to loads in excess of those which they were designed to bear as a
result of being jumped on and walked on. Materials were also placed or stored
on them. On balance, I am persuaded that such mistreatment and misuse was the,
or the major, cause of delamination. I am unable to conclude that any of the
20 panels (or any others which may have delaminated) delaminated as a result
of defective manufacture.

(f) I find that these 20 panels may never have suffered inner skin
delamination, notwithstanding some possible inconsistencies in manufacture,
but for the mistreatment and misuse by workmen. In other words, I am unable to
find, on balance, that the panels with delaminated inner skins (if any) would
not have delaminated but for the inadequacy of resin used. As Kalzip bears the
legal burden of proving this, I find that it has failed to establish that BFG
breached its obligations under the Sub-Contract.

Issue 4: Implied terms

386 Kalzip pleaded and relied on three terms implied pursuant to the SGA (see
[29] above). On Kalzip’s case, the breach of the implied terms depends on
Kalzip establishing that the panels (1) exceeded the deflection limits in the
Sub-Contract due to having delaminated as a result of defective manufacturing
and/or (2) failed to comply with the fire safety requirements in the Sub-
Contract. It is not Kalzip’s case that the implied terms were breached for any
other reasons.

387 This is supported by the pleadings and closing submissions. In Kalzip’s
Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3), it pleaded that “in breach of the terms
implied by the various Sections of the Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393) … the
Defendant failed to provide GRP panels which were fit for purpose, of
satisfactory quality, free from defects and safe”. 859

##### Foot Note 859

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at para 36.

BFG requested the following further and better particulars: “the details
and/or particulars of the failure of the GRP panels to be fit for purpose”,
“the details and/or particulars of the failure of the GRP panels to be of
satisfactory quality”, “the details and/or particulars of the failure of the
GRP panels to be free from defects”, “the details and/or particulars of the
failure of the GRP panels to be safe”, and “the facts, matters and
circumstances relied on by the Plaintiff for the allegation that the Defendant
failed to provide GRP panels which were fit for purpose, of satisfactory
quality, free from defects and safe”. Kalzip’s response to all of these
questions was, “Please see paragraph 33 of the Statement of Claim.” 860

##### Foot Note 860

×

ABD A 80–81.

Paragraph 33, under the heading “The defective GRP Panels”, asserts that the
panels were defective and/or non-compliant with the express and implied terms
of the Sub-Contract in the three following ways: (1) delamination of the inner
skin from the honeycomb core; (2) inability to meet the loading and structural
performance requirements; and (3) inability to meet the fire safety
requirements.

388 Kalzip’s closing submissions likewise focus on establishing that the
panels delaminated and/or failed to comply with the fire safety requirements.
The 323-page closing submissions only discuss the implied terms briefly under
Section 5 (“Remedies sought by Kalzip”), under the sub-section titled “Total
failure of consideration”, to support Kalzip’s claim in restitution for
recovery of the sums paid under the Sub-Contract. Kalzip’s aide-memoire for
its oral closing submissions likewise only mentions the implied terms at para
16: “Kalzip further entitled in-principle to claim in restitution for contract
price for total failure of consideration”. Kalzip’s argument is that, because
the GRP panels supplied by BFG breached the technical requirements of the Sub-
Contract (ie, by deflecting excessively due to delamination and/or not
complying with the fire safety requirements), Kalzip did not receive any part
of the consideration which it bargained for. This benefit or consideration
“was that the GRP panels from BFG would comply with all of the technical
requirements and specifications prescribed by the Sub-Contract and thus be
acceptable to MBS”. 861

##### Foot Note 861

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 607–611; see also Plaintiff’s Reply
Submissions at para 578.

In other words, the implied terms under the SGA are only relevant insofar as
Kalzip is able to prove that the panels delaminated or failed to comply with
the fire safety requirements of the Sub-Contract. Indeed, to establish that it
did not receive the whole consideration under the Sub-Contract, Kalzip asserts
that the panels “failed to comply with all of the technical requirements and
specifications prescribed by the Sub-Contract with the consequence that MBS
rejected them for installation”. 862

##### Foot Note 862

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 613.

389 BFG also appears to have understood Kalzip’s case in this way. Its closing
submissions only address the implied terms on the assumption that the
plaintiff is able to establish delamination. Pages 348 to 356 of BFG’s closing
submissions thus advance the argument that even if the panels had delaminated,
that would not entail any breach of the implied terms. In its 274-page reply
submissions, Kalzip responds to this argument under the section titled “BFG’s
contention that even if the panels were delaminated, BFG is not in breach of
the implied terms”. That is the only section of Kalzip’s reply submissions in
which the implied terms are discussed. Again, the breach of the implied terms
is characterised solely in terms of delamination and fire safety. This is
shown by paras 447–448 and 456–457 from the relevant section of Kalzip’s reply
submissions, which state:

447\. … BFG agreed and represented under the Sub-Contract that it could
produce GRP panels that satisfy the requirements stipulated in the Sub-
Contract (including the structural performance requirements and fire safety
requirements).

448\. The risk therefore remained on BFG to deliver GRP panels that were fully
in compliance with the requirements of the Sub-Contract regardless of the
contract price. This, as the evidence has shown, it failed to do so. BFG
therefore cannot credibly claim that the GRP panels delivered were of
satisfactory quality.

…

456\. It is Kalzip’s case that the GRP panels would have to comply with all of
the contractual requirements in the Sub-Contract in order to satisfy the
purpose for which they were purchased.

457\. Insofar as BFG is found to be in breach of any of the contractual
structural performance or fire safety requirements or both, the GRP panels
supplied by BFG clearly could not have been fit for the purposes intended
under the Sub-Contract.

[emphasis added]

390 I have found that BFG did not breach the technical requirements and
specifications of the Sub-Contract by supplying GRP panels which either
delaminated or failed the fire safety requirements as a result of defective
manufacturing. In the circumstances, Kalzip has not established its case
regarding the breach of implied terms.

Issue 5: Fire safety requirements

The requirements

391 The parties and their fire experts agreed that the Sub-Contract required
the GRP Panels to meet the following fire safety requirements: 863

##### Foot Note 863

×

ABD 4C 1295; ABD 1D 42 and 84; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 147(a)
and 373–374; Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 153.

(a) to achieve a weighted toxic fume sum of less than 1 when tested to Annex
B.2 of the BS 6853:1999 standard; and

(b) to meet Class 0 as defined by the 2000 Edition of the UK Building
Regulations Approved Document B with 2002 amendments (“Approved Document B”),
which in turn required the GRP panels to:

(i) have a Fire Propagation Index, as defined by BS 476-6:1989+A1:2009 (“BS
476 Part 6”), of less than 12, and a sub-index i1 of less than 6; and

(ii) have a flame spread rating of Class 1 as defined by BS 476:Part 7:1997
(“BS 476 Part 7”).

392 Compliance with Class 0 was also significant to obtaining the waiver
issued by the Fire Safety and Shelter Department, without which the GRP panels
could not have been installed. Showing that the GRP panels achieved Class 0
classification enabled them to be listed in the Product Listing Scheme, which
listing was a condition of the waiver. 864

##### Foot Note 864

×

ABD 4C 1308 at paras 5.3 and 5.4.

393 The BS 476 Part 6 test, which tests propensity to propagate fire, involves
placing a small sample of material in an oven and measuring the increase in
temperature over a given period of time when the material is heated in the
presence of a pilot flame. Subindices i1, i2 and i3 measure the rise in
temperature from ½ to 3 minutes, from 4 to 10 minutes and from 12 to 20
minutes (averaged for three samples) respectively. The Fire Propagation Index,
l, is the sum of the three subindices. To achieve a rating of Class 0, a
material must have an i1 of six or less and a Fire Propagation Index of 12 or
less.

394 The BS 476 Part 7 test, which tests the propensity for flame spread over
the surface of the product, involves mounting a sample on a frame which is
then swung into position at a right angle to a radiant panel. The radiant
panel heats the surface of the sample, causing it to emit gases as the surface
breaks down. A gas pilot flame is located near the corner of the sample
nearest the radiant panel, causing any flammable gases emitted by the sample
to combust, leading to a flame on the surface of the sample. The material is
classified as Class 1, 2, 3 or 4 based on how far the flame spreads at various
time intervals. 865

##### Foot Note 865

×

ABD 1C 176–184.

395 I note that BFG submitted that the BS 476 Part 3 test was a more
appropriate test for the GRP panels. 866

##### Foot Note 866

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 365–371.

However, even if true, this is irrelevant to the present case, since the Sub-
Contract clearly provided for the BS 476 Part 6 and 7 standards.

396 The parties each called a fire expert. Kalzip called Prof Lygate, the
Principal Investigator with International Fire Investigators and Consultants
Limited. BFG called Dr Crowder, the Head of Fire Investigation and Expert
Witness Services at BRE Global (“BRE”). 867

##### Foot Note 867

×

ABD 4C 1311.

397 It is not in dispute that the GRP panels complied with the BS 6853:1999
standard, but Kalzip claims that the GRP panels did not meet the BS 476 Parts
6 and 7 standards. The following tests were carried out on GRP panel samples
and their reports were in evidence before me: 868

##### Foot Note 868

×

ABD 1C 186 (para 6.1.1) and ABD 1C 190 (para 6.2.7).

| Report date| Testing organisation| Whether achieved Class 0  
---|---|---|---  
1| 30 June 2005| QinetiqReport nos HAF111v2 and HAF143| Yes  
2| 31 May 2008| TUV SUD PSBReport nos S08MEC03047/1A/OKH and
S08MEC03047/2A/OKH| Yes  
3| 30 July 2008| TUV SUD PSBReport nos S08MEC03047/1A/ADD/OKH and
S08MEC03047/2A/ADD/OKH| Yes  
4| 11 November 2009| TUV SUD PSBReport no 0719162263/2/YWA| Yes  
5| 11 November 2009| TUV SUD PSBReport no 0719162263/1/OKH| Yes  
6| 14 April 2010| TUV SUD PSBReport no 719173712-MEC10-MW| No  
7| 18 June 2010| BRE GlobalReport no 263600 | Yes  
8| 28 June 2010| BRE GlobalReport no 263603  
9| 27 July 2011| BRE GlobalReport nos 272253, 272257, 272254, 267824, 272247,
272248, 272249, 272250, 272251, 272252, 272255, 272256| No  
10| 2 September 2011| TUV SUD PSBReport nos 7191015369-MEC11/A1-OKH,
7191015369-MEC11/B1-OKH, 7191015369-MEC11/C1-OKH, 7191015369-MEC11/D1-OKH,
7191015369-MEC11/E1-YWA, 7191015369-MEC11/F1-YWA| No  
11| 5 September 2011| Exova WarringtonfireReport nos 306954, 306955, 306956,
306957, 306958, 306959, 306960, 306961, 306962, 306963, 306964, 306965| No  
12| 6 September 2011| TUV SUD PSBReport nos 7191015369-MEC11/A2-YWA,
7191015369-MEC11/B2-YWA, 7191015369-MEC11/C2-YWA, 7191015369-MEC11/D2-YWA| No  
13| 7 September 2011| TUV SUD PSBReport nos 7191015369-MEC11/E2-YWA,
7191015369-MEC11/F2-YWA| No  
14| 10 April 2012| TUV SUD PSBReport nos 7191030245-MEC12/A1-MHA,
7191030245-MEC12/B1-OKH, 7191030245-MEC12/C1-MHA, 7191030245-MEC12/A2-YWA,
7191030245-MEC12/B2-YWA, 7191030245-MEC12/C2-YWA| No  
15| 26 November 2015| BRE Global Report nos P100323-1009-4 Issue 1,
P100323-1009-2 Issue 1| No  
  
398 I note at the outset that the experts both agreed that the tests were
undertaken by laboratories whose test procedures and quality control
procedures are accredited, monitored and assessed by independent agencies, and
that – to the extent that they could judge – the tests were undertaken and
reported in accordance with the relevant standards. 869

##### Foot Note 869

×

ABD 4C 1295–1296.

399 Test report no HAJ210 issued by Qinetiq on 11 August 2008 is not included
in the table above, and I had no regard to it, because it tested fire
performance against the BS 6853 standard, and not the BS 476 Parts 6 and 7
standards. 870

##### Foot Note 870

×

ABD 2C 722 at para 7.

The two reports issued by Qinetiq on 30 June 2005 (s/n 1 of the table at [397]
above) are also irrelevant because the samples used for those tests were
panels provided to the London Underground Project and are irrelevant in terms
of any discussion concerning how the panels produced by BFG actually
performed. 871

##### Foot Note 871

×

ABD 2C 701 at para 129; NE (5 October 2016) at p 92 lines 14–22.

The fire tests conducted in 2008, 2009 and April 2010 (s/n 2–8 of the table at
[397] above) (“the 2008–2010 tests”) showed that the test specimens met the
fire safety performance requirements of the Sub-Contract. 872

##### Foot Note 872

×

ABD 4C 1303 at para 2.

On the other hand, the fire tests conducted in June 2011 and 2012, after the
GRP panels were installed (s/n 9–15 of the table at [397] above) (“the
2011–2012 tests”), showed that the test specimens obtained from GRP panels
taken from the buildings in the Development failed to achieve a Class 0
rating. Unsurprisingly, Kalzip relied on the 2011–2012 tests to submit that
the GRP panels did not meet the Sub-Contract requirements, while BFG relied on
the 2008–2010 tests to show that they did. Much of the experts’ disagreement
focused on the extent to which the tested panels were representative of the
actual GRP panels supplied by BFG (and, by extension, how reliable the test
results were in showing the panels’ ability to meet the Sub-Contract
requirements).

400 Kalzip submits that the 2008–2010 tests are not reliable because of doubts
as to the provenance of the tested panels and because the manufacturing
process which they underwent (in particular, the use of oven curing) was not
identical to that of the GRP panels used in the Project.

401 BFG submits that the 2011–2012 tests are not reliable because the samples
were not representative of the installed panels, due to (1) the absence of
edge-sealing on the samples tested; (2) the fact that some of the test samples
became delaminated after being removed from the site; and (3) the fact the
tested panels were aged or exposed to the external environment, which could
have led to contamination, leaching or degradation of fire retardant
components. 873

##### Foot Note 873

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 321 and 334.

Dr Crowder considered that the first factor was the most significant, followed
by the second, then the third. 874

##### Foot Note 874

×

ABD 4C 1281 para 43.

The 2008–2010 tests

The 2008 tests

402 The 2008 fire tests (s/n 2 and 3 of the table at [397] above) predated the
Sub-Contract itself. Dr Crowder agreed that, since they were not taken from
the production run but specially manufactured for the purpose of testing and
demonstrating performance, their representativeness could not be assumed
without further evidence. He had not seen any such evidence. 875

##### Foot Note 875

×

NE (5 October 2016) at p 93 line 25 – p 95 line 5.

Mr Kolhatkar, who was in charge of the GRP panel design, gave evidence that
the lay-up of the GRP panels tested in 2008 was different from that of the GRP
panels manufactured in 2009 for the Project. 876

##### Foot Note 876

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 469.

The panels tested in 2008 were 20mm thick (with an upper skin comprising CSM
and biaxial glass, and a 12mm-thick honeycomb core), whereas the GRP panels
used in the Project were 24mm thick (with an upper skin comprising only CSM,
and a 20mm-thick honeycomb core). 877

##### Foot Note 877

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 470; ABD 9E 5528–5530; NE (29 March
2016) at p 135 line 18 – p 137 line 19; NE (4 October 2016) at p 20 lines
16–17.

(Though the parties initially agreed for the panels to be 22mm thick, it
appears that the panels supplied were 24mm thick. BFG claims that the parties
expressly agreed to increase their thickness. However, nothing turns on this.
878

##### Foot Note 878

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 98–99.

) Prof Lygate commented that the thickness of the top layer of the GRP panel,
as well as the thickness of the honeycomb, might affect fire performance. 879

##### Foot Note 879

×

ABD 4C 1304 at para 3.5; NE (4 October 2016) at p 21 lines 7–12, p 31.

403 The 2008 tests predated the manufacture of the GRP panels used in the
Project. BFG focused on the 2009 and 2010 tests, which Dr Crowder thought
would be more probative than the 2008 tests, in its submissions. 880

##### Foot Note 880

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 281.

I therefore decline to place any reliance on the 2008 tests and turn to the
2009 and 2010 tests now.

The November 2009 fire tests

404 Kalzip points out that the panels tested in the November 2009 fire tests
(s/n 4 and 5 of the table at [397] above) had been manufactured in Bahrain,
whereas the actual GRP panels supplied for the Project had been manufactured
in the Philippines. 881

##### Foot Note 881

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 481.

Moreover, the 2009 test samples in Bahrain had been oven-cured at 100°C for
five hours 882

##### Foot Note 882

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 133 line 25 – p 134 line 5; ABD 9E 5530.

, whereas the GRP panels were left to cure at room temperature for a minimum
of 3½ hours. 883

##### Foot Note 883

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 476.

Kalzip submits that the results of the November 2009 fire tests cannot be
relied on for this reason. 884

##### Foot Note 884

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 161.

When these differences were posed to Dr Crowder, he accepted that the 2009
test specimens could not be assumed to be representative of the GRP panels.
885

##### Foot Note 885

×

NE (5 October 2016) at p 98 lines 10–13.

Prof Lygate’s expert reports did not discuss the effect of oven curing on the
November 2009 fire tests, although he did express the view that oven curing a
sample improves its fire performance. 886

##### Foot Note 886

×

NE (5 October 2016) at p 5 lines 2–5.

This might suggest that the 2009 test specimens performed better in the fire
tests than the actual GRP panels would have.

405 I do not consider the November 2009 fire tests to be unreliable simply
because the test panels were manufactured in Bahrain rather than the
Philippines. No evidence was led to show that the manufacturing process was
different (save for oven curing, below), or that the difference in place of
manufacture would have caused any qualitative difference in the fire
performance of those panels. To the contrary, Kalzip’s position prior to and
during the arbitration was that the November 2009 fire tests were reliable. In
a status report dated 4 June 2010, from Kalzip to MBS, Mr Carter wrote that
during the qualification process for the GRP panels, samples were fire-tested
and achieved the desired results. 887

##### Foot Note 887

×

ABD 12E 7882.

During the arbitration itself, Mr Carter stated in his rebuttal witness
statement that BFG’s test panels had passed the November 2009 fire tests and
that the results were approved by MBS. 888

##### Foot Note 888

×

ABD 12L 7905 at para 19; ABD 12L 8039–8051.

The November 2009 fire tests are also referred to on the Product Listing
Scheme website for BFG’s GRP panel. 889

##### Foot Note 889

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 161; ABD 26L 18748.

406 As for oven curing, I note that Dr Crowder commissioned a fire test in
2015 to determine the effect of oven curing (s/n 15 of the table at [397]). He
found that the result was marginally worse where oven curing had been applied.
However, Dr Crowder cautioned against concluding that oven curing definitively
worsened fire performance given the variability of fire testing. The
conclusion that he drew from the test was that oven curing “made no
appreciable difference” in the two suites of tests. 890

##### Foot Note 890

×

NE (5 October 2016) at p 7.

During witness conferencing, Dr Crowder stated that he had seen no documentary
evidence showing that the GRP panels supplied to the Project had been oven-
cured for four to five hours at 60°C in accordance with BFG’s sample
preparation methodology, 891

##### Foot Note 891

×

ABD 4C 1313.

although he had proceeded on that basis for the purposes of the 2015 tests. Dr
Crowder accepted that if no information was in fact available to the court
about the conditions of oven curing, that would affect the reliability of the
2015 tests. 892

##### Foot Note 892

×

NE (5 October 2016) at pp 120–123.

407 I do not accept the 2015 test commissioned by Dr Crowder as proof that the
presence or absence of oven curing makes no appreciable difference to fire
performance. Pursuant to the scientific method, Dr Crowder initially planned
to carry out 16 tests, each a permutation of four different variables: (1)
whether the samples were new or old, (2) whether they were edge sealed, (3)
whether they were oven cured and (4) whether they were delaminated. The
results could be compared with each other to investigate the effect of each
variable in isolation. However, due to unforeseen circumstances and time
constraints, Dr Crowder was only able to perform two tests, both of which were
on new, non-edge-sealed, non-delaminated samples. One set of samples was oven-
cured and the other was not. 893

##### Foot Note 893

×

NE (5 October 2016) at pp 134–135; ABD N 337.

The two tests could be compared to gauge the effect of oven curing on this
pair of panels, which were the same in respect of the other three variables
(thus isolating the variable of oven curing). It was from this comparison that
Dr Crowder deduced that oven curing produced no appreciable effect on fire
performance. However, since the other 14 intended tests could not be carried
out, Dr Crowder lost the opportunity to see if the same result was observed in
relation to pairs of panels which were (1) new, edge-sealed and non-
delaminated; (2) new, edge-sealed and delaminated; (3) old, edge-sealed and
non-delaminated; (4) old, edge-sealed and delaminated; (5) old, non-edge
sealed and delaminated; and (6) old, non-edge-sealed and non-delaminated. 894

##### Foot Note 894

×

ABD N 337.

408 Dr Crowder accepted that the 2015 test was therefore “necessarily limited
by the fact that the scientific methods were not followed in whole”, and the
conclusions that could be drawn from the evidence were likewise limited. He
agreed with counsel’s suggestion that the 2015 tests were not a scientifically
reliable series of tests from which appropriate conclusions could be drawn.
895

##### Foot Note 895

×

NE (5 October 2016) at p 137 lines 1–11.

Dr Crowder also stated that, apart from the 2015 tests, there was no evidence
one way or another to confirm whether oven curing had an impact on fire
performance. 896

##### Foot Note 896

×

NE (5 October 2016) at p 160 lines 1–3.

409 This left me with no clear evidence that oven curing was material to fire
performance. Kalzip, which bore the burden of proving on a balance of
probabilities that BFG had breached the fire safety requirements in the Sub-
Contract, offered no evidence in that regard and submitted that the issue of
oven curing was a “red herring in these proceedings” and that there was no
utility in engaging in an analysis of the effects of oven curing. 897

##### Foot Note 897

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 479 and 480.

I therefore find that Kalzip did not manage to show that the November 2009
tests were unreliable simply because the panels were oven cured.

The June 2010 fire tests

410 Kalzip submits that there is no basis to suggest that the test specimens
for the June 2010 fire test (s/n 7 and 8 of the table at [397] above) were
taken from the production run and therefore representative of the GRP panels.
898

##### Foot Note 898

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 181.

However, Mr Carter’s rebuttal statement in the arbitration stated that the
panels used in the June 2010 fire test were taken from the factory, from a
batch which was considered to be representative of the panels installed on the
roof, and had sealed edges. 899

##### Foot Note 899

×

ABD 12L 7906 at para 27.

A letter from Kalzip to MBS on 28 September 2010 likewise stated that the June
2010 fire tests were “carried out on panels from an original batch,
representative of the panels installed/delivered on the project”. 900

##### Foot Note 900

×

ABD 13E 8502.

This was in line with what Dr Crowder considered to be the “best practice
approach to sample selection for fire testing”. 901

##### Foot Note 901

×

ABD 4C 1272 at para 12.

The June 2010 tests were witnessed by representatives from Kalzip and BFG. 902

##### Foot Note 902

×

ABD 13E 8179 at para 54; ABD 12L 7907 at para 29.

Moreover, Kalzip had engaged Prof Nonhoff to conduct spectrometry testing in
order to ascertain whether the panels used in the June 2010 were the same as
those installed on the roof. Three samples were submitted – one retained from
the June 2010 fire tests, one retained from the original 2009 selection
procedure, and one taken from the MICE roof – and Prof Nonhoff’s Energy-
dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDX) Analysis Report concluded that all three
were of “nearly identical chemical composition”. 903

##### Foot Note 903

×

ABD 1C 90–91.

A test carried out by Smithers Rapra Technology on 11 July 2011 showed that
the panels from the three buildings were chemically similar to one another.
904

##### Foot Note 904

×

ABD 2C 702, para 140; ABD 2C 687, para 82.

The experts agreed that chemical composition was one variable (of many) that
was relevant to the representativeness of the panels. 905

##### Foot Note 905

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 183.

411 Kalzip also submits that the June 2010 fire tests were “inherently
unreliable” because there was no evidence, apart from what Kolhatkar had
purportedly told Dr Crowder, that the material used to seal the edges of the
test samples was the same as the material used to construct the GRP panels for
the Project. 906

##### Foot Note 906

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 489.

Moreover, the samples did not have a U-channel (or gutter) along the edges,
which the actual GRP panels had. 907

##### Foot Note 907

×

ABD 1I 131 and 29L 21083; NE (5 October 2016) at p 102.

Prof Lygate stated that this would have had an effect on fire performance. 908

##### Foot Note 908

×

NE (4 October 2016) at p 80 lines 4–18.

Dr Crowder also said that, “ideally”, the test samples would have “replicated
along at least one edge … some sort of detail to match what’s on the panel”.
909

##### Foot Note 909

×

NE (5 October 2016) at p 101 lines 12–14.

Kalzip submits that, if I were to accept BFG’s submission that the test
samples had to be edge-sealed in order to be representative, then the June
2010 fire tests were likewise unreliable because the samples tested lacked the
gutter detail. 910

##### Foot Note 910

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 487–488.

412 This did not advance Kalzip’s case. The samples tested in the 2011–2012
tests did not have a gutter detail either. 911

##### Foot Note 911

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 224.1.

If I were to accept BFG’s submission that edge sealing and detail are relevant
to fire performance, then that would suggest that neither the June 2010 fire
tests nor the 2011–2012 tests were reliable. Kalzip, as the plaintiff, would
then have failed to prove breach of the fire safety requirements on a balance
of probabilities. On the other hand, if I were to find that edge sealing and
detail are irrelevant to fire performance, then there would be no reason to
doubt the reliability of the June 2010 fire tests.

The 2011–2012 tests

413 The panels used for the 2011–2012 tests were taken from the GRP panels
removed from the Project. 912

##### Foot Note 912

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 433.

However, BFG submits that the performance of the test samples in the 2011–2012
tests was not representative of the panels from which those samples were cut,
because of (1) the absence of edge sealing, (2) the fact that the panels had
delaminated, and (3) exposure to the environment and ageing.

The significance of edge-sealing

414 Dr Crowder, BFG’s expert, expressed concern that “very little information”
was available concerning the condition of the samples used in the 2011–2012
tests. He thought that differences in material composition, physical
composition and mechanical composition of the panels could have contributed to
variations in fire performance. 913

##### Foot Note 913

×

ABD 2C 702 at para 139.

In particular, he considered that the 2011–2012 tests were not reliable
because the test samples were not edge-sealed and therefore not representative
of the GRP panels supplied under the Sub-Contract, which were edge-sealed.
Prof Lygate, on the other hand, stated in the experts’ memorandum of agreed
and disagreed issues that the absence of edge sealing had no significant
impact on whether or not the samples passed or failed the BS 476 Part 7 test.
914

##### Foot Note 914

×

ABD 4C 1304 at paras 3.4 and 3.5.

However, he clarified at trial that he could not opine one way or another: 915

##### Foot Note 915

×

NE (4 October 2016) at p 79 line 16 – p 80 line 3.

PROF LYGATE: I think my opinion is that it is impossible to determine the
exact effect of edge sealing on the fire performance of the panels without a
detailed scientific test.

MR SOH: You haven’t undertaken any scientific tests yourself, right?

PROF LYGATE: I have not.

MR SOH: Hence, wouldn’t it be fair to say that your opinion, as of today,
before this court, is that you can’t possibly tell the court one way or the
other whether edge sealing would have an effect on the outcome of the fire
test?

PROF LYGATE: That’s correct.

415 Significantly, the experts agreed that flaming along the top edge of the
sample would worsen the test sample’s performance in the BS 476 Part 7 test.
Dr Crowder explained that where there was no edge sealing, a greater quantity
of flammable gases would be released via the unsealed edges of the samples,
creating a greater risk of ignition. The court was shown two videos in which
flashing flames could be seen along the top edge of test samples and then
shooting down, which Dr Crowder took as evidence of ignition along the
unsealed edges. He took the view that the flames had been caused by additional
gases leaving the unprotected edge of the sample and coming around underneath
the sample holder. The flaming provided a pilot ignition source for any
flammable gases produced across the surface of the sample. Such ignition would
then throw additional heat into the panel, further exacerbating the production
of volatile gases, which were in turn more likely to ignite. This would
increase the amount of time during the test that flaming would be present
across the entire sample. 916

##### Foot Note 916

×

ABD 4C 1277–1278 at para 34; NE (4 October 2016) at p 157 lines 15–23.

Prof Lygate agreed with Dr Crowder’s interpretation of the videos,
acknowledged that flaming occurred at the top edge of some of the test
samples, and accepted that such flaming had the capacity to ignite flammable
gases lower down the sample which were not hot enough to auto-ignite. 917

##### Foot Note 917

×

NE (4 October 2016) at pp 145–146 and p 159 lines 13–16.

After being shown the videos, he agreed that “flaming at the top edge has an
effect”. 918

##### Foot Note 918

×

NE (4 October 2016) at p 163 lines 15–16.

416 Kalzip pointed out that BS 476 Part 7 expressly states that flash flaming
does not influence the classification of flame spread, as follows: 919

##### Foot Note 919

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at paras 74(b) and 129; ABD 1D 100.

9.2.2 Throughout the test, carefully observe the behaviour of the product and
make a note of the following phenomena:

a) flashing;

b) transitory flaming.

…

NOTE. These observations do not influence the classification of surface spread
of flame.

However, whether flashing or transitory flaming affects the classification
under the test is not to the point. It is not in dispute that the
classification under Part 7 depend on the progress of flame spread along the
tested surface, and not on the presence of flashing per se. The pertinent
question is whether flash flaming shows that the progress of flame spread was
affected by the lack of edge sealing affected. The expert evidence suggested
that it did.

417 Prof Lygate contended that although the test panels were not edge-sealed,
the edges of each specimen were nevertheless protected by the 20mm (+/-5mm)
cover provided by the specimen holder frame. 920

##### Foot Note 920

×

ABD 2C 616 at para 2.27.

Both experts agreed, however, that the specimen holder frame would not have
the same effect as edge sealing, because the sample holder does not
hermetically seal the specimen as the sample may not press perfectly against
it. 921

##### Foot Note 921

×

ABD 4C 1288 at para 82.3; NE (4 October 2016) at p 86, p 113 lines 15–22.

Prof Lygate referred to an Exova Warringtonfire test report no 306954 (dated 5
September 2011) in which six sample panels had been tested. A white border
could be seen around three of the panels, where the specimen holder frame had
protected the border of the specimen. On the other three panels, however, the
border was blackened by scorch marks, perhaps because flammable gases had
pushed past the honeycomb to the top edge or because the face of the specimen
was not pressed hard against the specimen holder. Similar scorch marks were
seen in photographs taken of other test panels. 922

##### Foot Note 922

×

ABD N 295–300; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 245.

This showed that the specimen holder frames alone could not be relied on to
protect the specimens from being burned at the edges. Kalzip accepted this.
923

##### Foot Note 923

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 141.

418 Prof Lygate also relied on test report no 306954 to suggest that there was
no correlation between flame spread and the damage pattern observed on the top
edge of the specimen. All six panels showed a flame spread exceeding the Class
1 limit of 165mm within 10 minutes, regardless of whether the border was fully
protected or not, 924

##### Foot Note 924

×

NE (5 October 2016) at p 33 lines 7–11.

and there was no obvious correlation between whether the border was protected
and the degree of flame spread. 925

##### Foot Note 925

×

ABD 2C 620–621.

I bear in mind, however, that both experts agreed that fire testing depends on
a complex interaction of factors (including geometry, manufacturing method,
curing, thickness and the chemical properties of the samples), thus requiring
the tests to be conducted and aggregated across a group of specimens rather
than just one or a few in order to be reliable. 926

##### Foot Note 926

×

ABD 4C 1304 at para 3.5; NE (4 October 2016) at p 138 lines 3–17.

Besides his observations in relation to test report no 306954, Prof Lygate did
not conduct any broader analysis or research to support his hypothesis that
there was no correlation between border protection and flame spread. Dr
Crowder maintained that no firm conclusion could be drawn about the lack of
correlation between edge sealing and flame spread from a sample size of six
alone. 927

##### Foot Note 927

×

NE (4 October 2016) at p 153.

I accept Dr Crowder’s evidence in this regard. Moreover, as I have said, Prof
Lygate accepted (in relation to the two videos shown to the court) that
flaming along the edges of the test panels did have an effect on flame spread.
This appeared to be at odds with his articulated view that flaming along the
blackened borders of the test panels bore no correlation to flame spread.

419 Prof Lygate also suggested that the test panels were “in effect edge
sealed” by the aluminium honeycomb lattice itself, 928

##### Foot Note 928

×

ABD 2C 618 at para 2.31; NE (4 October 2016) at p 82 lines 9–19.

provided that the upper and lower surfaces were bonded. 929

##### Foot Note 929

×

NE (4 October 2016) at p 29 lines 4–8.

Dr Crowder agreed in principle, but pointed out that the panels tested by two
of the three testing houses had delaminated sometime between removal from the
building roofs and transportation to the testing house (see [437] below), and
as such were no longer representative of the actual GRP panels. 930

##### Foot Note 930

×

NE (4 October 2016) at pp 47–48.

Dr Crowder also pointed out that the cut edges of each test sample would break
one row of the honeycomb cells and expose them directly to the heat, while
also allowing heat exposure into the next layer of cells down. Even though the
rest of the cells would be hermetically sealed (assuming no delamination), Dr
Crowder considered that the exposure would worsen the sample’s fire
performance, particularly given that the size of the honeycomb cells was
significant in relation to the size of the overall samples. 931

##### Foot Note 931

×

NE (4 October 2016) at pp 83–84; NE (5 October 2016) at pp 168–169.

While Kalzip sought to discredit this evidence in its submissions by pointing
out that the exposed cells would amount to just 3% of the length and 12% of
the width of the test sample, which was not “significant”, this was not put to
the expert witnesses. 932

##### Foot Note 932

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 98.

The submission that these percentages were not significant was not supported
by any scientific research.

420 It is not in dispute that the BS 476 Parts 6 and 7 standards do not
expressly require test samples to be edge-sealed, unlike, for example, BS 476
Part 3, which requires the edge of the specimen to be protected by an air
seal. 933

##### Foot Note 933

×

ABD 4C 1301 at para 1.19; 2C 611 at para 2.10.

Prof Lygate pointed out that BS 476 Part 7 says at para 5.1 that the test
specimens “shall be representative of the exposed surface of the product”
[emphasis added], which he took to mean solely the surface – and not the edges
– of the panel from which the specimen was extracted. Since the test specimen
would be cut from the product being tested (in this case the GRP panels), it
would necessarily have exposed edges. 934

##### Foot Note 934

×

NE (4 October 2016) at p 23.

However, Prof Lygate conceded at trial that cutting test samples from the
edges of the panels (which would have been edge-sealed) would be
representative: 935

##### Foot Note 935

×

NE (4 October 2016) at p 73 lines 6–14.

COURT: … In a sense, Professor Lygate, it does make sense to me that if you
want a representative sample to test, then some sample should be cut at the
end or in the middle. Not all from the middle. … I’m just asking: from my
point of view, if I want to test those panels, I should have cut some from the
edge as well as some from the middle?

PROF LYGATE: You could have done so, your Honour, and that would have been a
representative sample.

421 Indeed, Prof Lygate subsequently conceded that edge sealing would have had
an effect on fire performance: 936

##### Foot Note 936

×

NE (4 October 2016) at p 80 lines 14–18.

MR SOH: I would suggest to you that, clearly, there is a possibility, from the
discussion that we’ve had on the representative condition of the panel and his
Honour’s discussion earlier, that your PowerPoint slide showed the cutting of
panels from the middle, and that you accepted we could cut from the edge. Do
you remember that part?

PROF LYGATE: Yes, I do.

MR SOH: Given that context, would you accept that edge sealing would have an
impact on the fire test results?

PROF LYGATE: Yes, I would accept that and explain that it depends what sort of
edge we’re talking about. If we had tested a sample with the gutter edge as
manufactured, I would expect it to perform differently to a sample with an
exposed edge.

422 Prof Lygate also accepted that, even if samples with a gutter edge were
used, such samples would still not be representative of the panels on site,
because there are no exposed edges on any of the panels actually installed.
937

##### Foot Note 937

×

NE (4 October 2016) at p 81 lines 3–7.

423 Prof Lygate subsequently said that he considered the edges of the panel to
be “irrelevant during the fire test”. 938

##### Foot Note 938

×

NE (4 October 2016) at p 113 line 23 – p 114 line 2.

However, he did not elaborate or reconcile this statement with his earlier
comments which I have excerpted above. Kalzip stated in its submissions that
Prof Lygate’s evidence was that “edge sealing may have an effect on the fire
performance of the panel, but any such effect would not be substantial”. 939

##### Foot Note 939

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 74(a).

Moreover, by arguing that the specimen holder frame and aluminium honeycomb
effectively edge-sealed the test panels, thus preserving the reliability of
the 2011–2012 tests, Prof Lygate implicitly acknowledged that the absence of
any protection at the edges whatsoever would have affected fire performance.

424 Kalzip makes much of the fact that the BS 476 Parts 6 and 7 standards do
not require edge sealing. Its reasoning is essentially that because those
standards do not expressly require edge sealing, edge sealing must therefore
be irrelevant to flame spread. However, I am not convinced of this. Dr Crowder
gave evidence that the BS 476 Part 6 and 7 standards were outdated in this
regard and were “in the process of being superseded by European test methods”,
which do require edge sealing. 940

##### Foot Note 940

×

NE (4 October 2016) at p 45.

In particular, the European standard BS EN ISO 11925 Part 2:2010 states at
para 5.4.4, “If a product is installed with covered edges, but can also be
used with unprotected edges, tests shall be performed on both covered and
uncovered specimens.” Another European standard, BS EN ISO 13823:2010, states
at para 5.3.2, “The exposed edges of the products and the joint in the corner
may be protected using additional products, if this is in accordance with its
end use application.” 941

##### Foot Note 941

×

ABD 4C 1277 at para 28.

These same provisions were present in the 2002 versions of the two standards.
942

##### Foot Note 942

×

NE (4 October 2016) at pp 95–96.

Kalzip’s response to this is that the Sub-Contract specifically incorporates
the BS 476 Parts 6 and 7 standards, and not the European standards. 943

##### Foot Note 943

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 397(b)(i) and 405; Plaintiff’s Reply
Submissions at paras 110–111.

However, that misses the point. It is not alleged that the European standards
are directly applicable to the Sub-Contract. The question is whether the lack
of edge sealing, although not expressly required under the British standards,
could have contributed to the test panels’ failure to achieve Class 0 under
the BS 476 Parts 6 and 7 standards in 2011 and 2012.

425 Dr Crowder, who works with the regulator in the UK on test methods and
building regulations, gave evidence that the issue of edge sealing may
originally have been overlooked by the standards committees because GRP panels
were a novel, engineered product. While composite materials existed in the
1950s and 1960s, this was only in relation to the aircraft industry. Such
materials only became common in relation to building construction materials in
the 1990s. Approved Document B only began considering the specific properties
of products with insulating cores in 2000, whereas the BS 476 Part 6 standard
was most recently updated in 1997 and Part 7 in 1989 (save a minor amendment
not affecting fire performance in 2002). 944

##### Foot Note 944

×

NE (4 October 2016) at p 45.

By that time, it was already contemplated that the European standards would
supersede the British standards. 945

##### Foot Note 945

×

NE (4 October 2016) at pp 46–47.

This is evident from the 2000 edition of Approved Document B states, “For
materials/products where European standards or approvals are not yet available
and for a transition period after they become available, British Standards may
continue to be used.” 946

##### Foot Note 946

×

ABD 4C 1276 at para 24.

Approved Document B considers Class 0 under the British standards to be
interchangeable with Class B under the European standards. 947

##### Foot Note 947

×

ABD 4C 1276 at para 26; see also ABD N 313.

Since the decision was made to phase out the British standards in favour of
the European standards, it was not deemed worthwhile to reconvene the
standards committee to update the British standards. 948

##### Foot Note 948

×

NE (5 October 2016) at p 65 lines 12–18.

Significantly, Prof Lygate accepted Dr Crowder’s evidence that the British
standards were not updated beyond 1997 because of the anticipated adoption of
the European standards, recognising that Dr Crowder had “more intimate
knowledge of the code-making process”. 949

##### Foot Note 949

×

NE (4 October 2016) at p 74 lines 8–10.

Moreover, Prof Lygate accepted that these European standards were “relevant”
when applying the BS 476 Parts 6 and 7 standards. 950

##### Foot Note 950

×

NE (4 October 2016) at p 96 line 19.

426 Kalzip also submits that the British standards are markedly different from
the European standards in that they measure different characteristics of fire
performance, incorporate a different testing methodology and use different
measurements. 951

##### Foot Note 951

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 397.

Kalzip tendered a paper published on the website of the UK Government, titled
“The impact of European fire test and classification standards on wallpaper
and similar decorative linings”, which states at p 4: 952

##### Foot Note 952

×

ABD N 313–314.

The fire test methods BS 476 Parts 6 and 7 measure different characteristics
of fire performance from the European fire test methods BS EN 13823 and BS EN
ISO 11925-2. In particular, the BS 476 tests are material tests where the fire
performance is determined by the characteristics of the surface of the
material [whereas] the [Single Burning Item] test [used in BS EN 13823] is a
test of the performance of the construction product in an arrangement
representative of end use. That is, it is tested with joints, air gaps and/or
fixings that are typical of its end use application and the level of thermal
exposure in the test method resulting from direct flame contact means that the
construction product is tested through its thickness.

427 Dr Crowder gave a considered response to this. He acknowledged that there
were differences between the two standards, but carefully explained why these
differences did not mean that regard should not be had to the European
standards’ approach to edge sealing. The difference in methodology employed by
the British and European standards was due to advancements in the
understanding regarding composite products. The British standards considered
flame spread on a surface in a linear laminar way, whereas the European
standards required manufacturers to look at a joint detail between two panels
in a corner arrangement and determine whether the joint detail might worsen
fire performance. 953

##### Foot Note 953

×

NE (5 October 2016) at pp 82–83.

The European standards therefore employed a methodology that emphasised end
use. While the British and European standards utilised different measurements
(temperature and energy respectively), it was possible – with a certain amount
of engineering judgment – to do a direct comparison between the two. 954

##### Foot Note 954

×

NE (5 October 2016) at p 84 lines 2–9.

Prof Lygate did not dispute these views. In fact he agreed that there was a
correlation between the two standards 955

##### Foot Note 955

×

NE (5 October 2016) at p 87 line 23.

, and that the BS EN ISO 13823 test was “more indicative of real life” in
terms of having two wall surfaces and an ignition source in the corner, rather
than having just one panel. 956

##### Foot Note 956

×

NE (5 October 2016) at p 90 lines 12–21.

428 I note moreover that Appendix B to the BS 476 Part 6 standard expressly
recognises the importance of understanding how the whole structure of the
material – rather than merely the surface – may affect fire performance when
testing composite materials such as those with insulating cores (GRP panels
are such a material). Appendix B states: 957

##### Foot Note 957

×

ABD 1D 59.

Appendix B Effect of thermal characteristics on the performance of assemblies

With thin materials or composites, particularly those with a high thermal
conductivity, the presence of an air gap and the nature of any underlying
construction may significantly affect the ignition performance of the exposed
surface. Increasing the thermal capacity of the underlying construction
increases the “heat sink” effect and may delay ignition of the exposed
surface. … The influence of the underlying layers on the performance of the
assembly should be understood and care should be taken to ensure that the
result obtained on any assembly is relevant to its use in practice.

429 Annex B of the BS 476 Part 7 standard contains identical text. 958

##### Foot Note 958

×

ABD 1D 103.

Dr Crowder explained that Appendix B recognises that the effect of underlying
layers needs to be considered in evaluating a product’s surface performance.
959

##### Foot Note 959

×

NE (5 October 2016) at p 188 line 22 – p 189 line 12.

Prof Lygate suggested that the omission of any reference to edge sealing in
Parts 6 and 7, despite the fact that Appendix B advises on the testing of
composite materials, made it clear that the British Standards Institute did
not consider edge sealing necessary. 960

##### Foot Note 960

×

ABD 4C 1301 at paras 1.19–1.20; 2C 613 at para 2.17; NE (4 October 2016) at p
25 lines 16–22.

However, as I have said, the question is not whether the British standards
require edge sealing, but whether the fact that they do not can be taken as
proof that edge sealing is irrelevant to fire performance. I have difficulty
accepting that proposition, given that Appendix B expressly recognises that
the interaction between the underlying structure and the exposed surface can
be material to fire performance.

430 I also note that Dr Crowder’s position on edge sealing is aligned with
that of Mr Jeremy Martin (“Mr Martin”), Kalzip’s fire expert in the
arbitration. 961

##### Foot Note 961

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 164.

Mr Martin’s report states: 962

##### Foot Note 962

×

ABD 29L 20864.

G. On the basis of the 2011 / 2012 test results can it be concluded that the
GRP Panels could not be repaired and had to be removed for fire safety
reasons?

…

59\. … [T]he edges of the panels should be sealed, as per the original fire
testing, to ensure that a true comparison can be drawn between the results and
to reflect the as built conditions. In the absence of such a comparative study
there would appear to be potential differences in the materials tested which
may be influencing the results presented.

60\. I would expect the panels with edge sealing and in a non debonded state
to perform differently from debonded and non edge sealed panels. …

[bold and underline in original]

431 I note that Mr Jeremy Martin was not called as a witness in the Suit and
was therefore not cross-examined on this report. However, the parties adduced
his report in evidence before me and it was referred to by BFG in its closing
submissions. The paragraphs which I have reproduced from his report speak for
themselves, and Kalzip’s reasons for disagreeing with his view would have been
fully ventilated in its submissions.

432 Kalzip submits that BFG is unable to propose any edge sealing method that
would ensure that the tested samples remain representative of the GRP panels
produced for the Project. 963

##### Foot Note 963

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 419; Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at
paras 146–151.

This is based on Prof Lygate’s evidence that edge-sealing the panels using the
methods proposed by BFG – which differed from the manner in which the supplied
GRP panels were edge-sealed – would in fact alter the fire properties of the
test specimens such that they would no longer be representative of the
supplied GRP panels. 964

##### Foot Note 964

×

ABD 2C 609 at para 2.3, 610–611 at paras 2.6–2.8.

However, that is neither here nor there: the question is not what could have
been done to edge-seal the test panels to make them representative of the
actual GRP panels, but whether the fact that the test panels were not edge-
sealed meant that they were in fact unrepresentative. I therefore did not find
this argument helpful.

433 To be clear, I make no finding as to the exact effect of edge-sealing upon
the test samples’ fire performance. The experts agreed that it was “impossible
to determine the exact effect of edge-sealing on the fire performance of the
panels without a detailed scientific test, which ha[d] not been carried out”.
965

##### Foot Note 965

×

ABD 4C 1300 at para 1.16.

Both experts considered that the scientific method should have been, but was
not, used to identify whether and the extent to which edge-sealing (and the
other factors described below) contributed to the panels’ fire performance
during testing. 966

##### Foot Note 966

×

ABD 2C 663; ABD 2C 623 at para 2.45.

Dr Crowder thought there ought to have been “an extensive study when samples
from the original panels were still available to determine the underlying
cause of the difference in performance between installed panels and pre-
installation panels”. 967

##### Foot Note 967

×

ABD 4C 1269 at para 8.3.1.

However, it was no longer possible to carry out such testing as all samples
would have aged since their original manufacture and no panels from the
Project remained available for testing or inspection. 968

##### Foot Note 968

×

ABD 2C 698 at para 118.

Dr Crowder therefore felt unable to conclude whether BFG complied with the
fire safety requirements of the Sub-Contract. He stated in his expert report:
969

##### Foot Note 969

×

ABD 2C 697 at para 114.

The lack of data in the remaining boxes means, in my opinion, there is not
currently sufficient data on which an opinion could be based regarding the
reasons for the test results obtained at the various stages of the project. It
is therefore my opinion that it is not currently possible to reach a
definitive opinion on whether BFG complied with the specifications relevant to
fire performance of the panels. The reason for this is that the lack of edge
sealing and the delamination could both be sampling issues.

434 Kalzip sought to pin the blame on BFG for failing to undertake the
necessary tests in order to demonstrate that edge sealing would have met the
fire safety requirements of the Sub-Contract, given that BFG was the
manufacturer of the GRP panels and could easily have manufactured suitably
representative panels for fire testing. 970

##### Foot Note 970

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 420–422.

However, Dr Crowder explained at trial that he had initially planned to carry
out these tests, but was unable to because a number of panels were destroyed
with failed or aborted attempts to recreate delamination. He then had
insufficient time to make alternative arrangements because of a period of
hospitalisation which rendered him inaccessible to BFG for over six months.
971

##### Foot Note 971

×

NE (5 October 2016) at pp 131 and 135.

In the circumstances, I draw no adverse inference against BFG for its failure
to test the effect of edge sealing in accordance with the scientific method.
Although the exact effect of edge sealing cannot be determined, I am satisfied
on the basis of the expert evidence that it did have some effect on fire
performance in the 2011–2012 fire tests, and in my view it has not been proved
on a balance of probabilities that the GRP panels supplied to the Project
failed to comply with the fire safety requirements.

435 For the avoidance of doubt, in reaching this conclusion, I have not placed
any weight on BFG’s argument from para 4.3 of BS 476 Part 6. 972

##### Foot Note 972

×

ABD 1D 46; Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 183–191.

Paragraph 4.3, titled “Edge effects”, states:

Where the specimen is backed by an air gap (see appendix B), ensure that the
perimeter of the specimen will not permit flame to penetrate into the cavity.
Similarly, where a flame-retardant coating is applied to a surface, the edge
detail shall be such as to prevent ignition of the underlying layers.

436 BFG relied on this to submit that edge sealing is important to the British
standards. I do not think this is particularly convincing. First, para 4.3
appears in Part 6, whereas the bulk of Dr Crowder’s analysis focused on the
relevance of edge sealing in Part 7 (flame spread, rather than fire
propagation). Secondly, para 4.3 specifically refers to the air gap behind the
specimen, rather than edge sealing along its edges, which BFG itself submits
are “two very different things”. 973

##### Foot Note 973

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 179.

The significance of delamination

437 The fire tests were conducted at three testing houses: BRE, Exova
Warringtonfire and PSB. The fire experts agreed that there was no delamination
of the samples used in the 2011–2012 fire tests at the time they were removed
from the site. 974

##### Foot Note 974

×

ABD 4C 1297 at para 1.12(a).

However, observers from Arup who inspected the panels before testing observed
delamination in the panels tested by BRE and Exova Warringtonfire (s/n 9 and
11 of the table at [397] above). They recorded the following notes: “Some
samples were tested in this delaminated state, but it did not appear to affect
the results of the test as only the front face of the sample is exposed to the
heat source of the test in both the part 6 and part 7 test.” 975

##### Foot Note 975

×

ABD 30L 21965 and 21968; 2C 625 at para 3.2(b).

Other observers from Arup recorded that the panels tested by PSB, the third
testing house, were “in good condition”; no delamination was recorded. Dr
Crowder interpreted this as silence as to whether delamination had occurred or
not, whereas Prof Lygate understood this to mean that delamination had not
occurred in the panels tested by PSB. 976

##### Foot Note 976

×

NE (5 October 2016) at pp 21 and 144.

438 In Dr Crowder’s view, the observations regarding the panels tested by BRE
and Exova Warringtonfire meant that something had caused the test panels to
become delaminated in between their removal and the testing, such that they
were no longer representative of the (non-delaminated) GRP panels installed
for the Project. He considered that adhesion between the layers of the panel
“would have had a potentially significant impact on fire performance”,
although it was “important to confirm the precise nature of any delamination
so that this could be accurately replicated in the samples for testing”. 977

##### Foot Note 977

×

ABD 2C 692 at para 91.6.6.

Dr Crowder considered that delamination affected fire performance both by (1)
allowing movement of volatile gases between cells in the aluminium honeycomb,
thereby exacerbating the issue of edge flaming, and (2) by reducing the amount
of energy that could be transmitted through the panel from the front face,
across the aluminium and to the rear face, thereby increasing the build-up of
heat in the front face. 978

##### Foot Note 978

×

ABD 4C 1282 at para 43.2.

439 Prof Lygate’s views underwent some evolution. In his first report, Prof
Lygate took the view that delamination had a serious impact on fire testing.
This was because the aluminium core absorbed heat and conducted it away from
the flame front advancing over the surface of the material, thereby inhibiting
and slowing flame spread. If the material were to delaminate, the core would
not conduct the heat away from the top layer and the delaminated layer would
be ignited more quickly and the flame would spread more quickly over the
surface where the panel had delaminated. 979

##### Foot Note 979

×

ABD 1C 197.

In his second report, Prof Lygate changed his opinion and took the view that
delamination of the rear face of the panels would have had no effect on the
panels’ performance in the tests conducted by BRE and Exova Warringtonfire.
980

##### Foot Note 980

×

ABD 4C 1297.

During witness conferencing, Prof Lygate distinguished between three types of
delamination – inter-skin delamination of the outer skin, delamination of the
outer skin from the aluminium honeycomb, and delamination of the inner skin
from the aluminium honeycomb. The delamination observed at BRE and Exova
Warringtonfire was of the third type, which in Prof Lygate’s view did not
really affect the outcome of the Part 7 test, since that test focused on the
flame spread over the top surface of the panels. However, it seemed that Prof
Lygate accepted that inner skin delamination could still have some effect on
flaming at the top edge: 981

##### Foot Note 981

×

NE (5 October 2016) at pp 18–19.

MR SOH: … [I]f there were bottom skin delamination, wouldn’t there be an
avenue for that escape of combustible gases and the feedback loop via ignition
at the top, the flaming that we looked at extensively yesterday?
Agree/disagree?

PROF LYGATE: Yes, I agree with that, but in kind you have, rather than
volatiles being driven by pressure up into the gap, they’re escaping over a
much greater area, to the back of it. So I think bottom skin delamination is
much less of an issue than inter-skin delamination of the top surface.

[emphasis added]

440 When pressed on whether he was changing his position, Prof Lygate
maintained that inner skin delamination had no effect on the failure of the
fire test. However, that appeared to contradict his evidence (see the portions
italicised above), and he offered no explanation for this. Dr Crowder
questioned Prof Lygate’s position that inner skin delamination had no effect
on fire performance, on the basis that any sample tested in a Part 7 test
would be backed up by a board, thus forcing the gases out from the top. Even
assuming an air gap between the specimen and a board, any gas escaping from
the back of the specimen would still be “driven out towards the front”. 982

##### Foot Note 982

×

NE (5 October 2016) at p 20 lines 2–14.

This suggested that inner skin delamination could contribute to flaming on the
top edge. Prof Lygate did not contradict or respond to these comments. I note,
moreover, that Prof Lygate had earlier made the point that the aluminium
honeycomb lattice would only provide a hermetic seal for the volatile gases
“provided there [was] an adequate bond between the top and bottom surfaces”.
983

##### Foot Note 983

×

NE (4 October 2016) at p 28 lines 21–23.

This necessarily meant that the hermetic seal would be broken in the event of
delamination and would be inadequate to seal the sample. I therefore drew the
conclusion from the expert evidence that delamination would have an effect on
fire performance.

441 Kalzip sought to rebut this point by pointing out that the samples tested
by the third testing house, PSB, failed the fire tests notwithstanding that no
delamination was recorded. But there is insufficient evidence for me to find
as a matter of fact that those samples were non-delaminated. As the Arup
observers who had inspected those samples were not called as witnesses, there
was no opportunity to clarify with them whether “in good condition” meant that
there was no delamination. The Arup personnel who had inspected the panels
tested by BRE and Exova Warrington were different from those who had inspected
the panels tested by PSB, and it was suggested that the former persons simply
recorded their observations in greater depth while the latter persons were
simply more brief. 984

##### Foot Note 984

×

NE (5 October 2016) at p 140 lines 9–16.

Kalzip also made the point that one of the Arup personnel who recorded that
the PSB panels were “in good condition”, Alex Wong, was a façade designer at
Arup and had prepared a report in 2008 regarding “cracking” sounds emanating
from the GRP panels, and that Arup had also prepared a report to BFG in 2009
regarding delamination of the GRP panels and knew this was a concern. This
might suggest that Alex Wong would have recorded delamination had he observed
it. 985

##### Foot Note 985

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 440.

However, that is speculative. Moreover, it is not known whether the observers
were instructed to look out for delamination, or how closely they surveyed the
test panels. Kalzip suggested that all the observers came from Arup and would
likely have been operating the same way, but did not adduce any evidence to
substantiate that assertion. In the circumstances I am unable to conclude that
the panels tested by PSB were in fact non-delaminated. In any event, even if
they were, that would not necessarily show that delamination has no effect on
fire performance. The samples might have performed even worse had they been
delaminated. The samples could also have failed the fire tests for other
reasons, for example, because they were not edge sealed. The same point
applies in relation to the non-delaminated panels tested in 2015, which also
failed to achieve the Class 1 standard under BS 476 Part 7 notwithstanding the
absence of delamination. 986

##### Foot Note 986

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 442; ABD 2C 625 at para 3.2(c).

442 Having had the benefit of the expert evidence, I consider that
delamination generally does have an effect on fire performance. By contrast,
there is no clear evidence that delamination did not affect the 2011–2012 fire
tests.

The significance of exposure or ageing

443 Contrary to the standard practice of taking samples from production for
testing, the samples used in the 2011–2012 fire tests were taken from the roof
of the Development, and were aged and/or had been exposed to the external
environment for some time. Dr Crowder stated that it was “not normal for
standard tests to be carried out on products which have been installed on
buildings and removed”. Although such tests could “provide extremely useful
evidence regarding the performance of installed systems”, they had to be
“considered in light of the fact that they [would] have aged since
installation”. 987

##### Foot Note 987

×

ABD 2C 704 at para 151.

This was aligned with the evidence of both fire experts in the arbitration; Mr
Martin even stated that post-installation tests should be considered
unreliable. 988

##### Foot Note 988

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 336.

Prof Lygate, however, disagreed that it was inappropriate to test fire
performance post-installation. 989

##### Foot Note 989

×

NE (4 October 2016) at p 97 lines 10–15.

444 However, Dr Crowder considered that the possibility of panel degradation
or ageing was “unlikely to be solely responsible for the drop in performance
in samples tested in 2011/2012”, though he considered it possible that the
physical and mechanical compositions of the test panels had been altered as a
result of mishandling onsite, damage and/or the presence of contaminants. 990

##### Foot Note 990

×

ABD 2C 703 at paras 143 and 144.

Dr Crowder was careful not to overstate the strength of his conclusion on this
point. He accepted that not all products age in the same way, and in fact
ageing could improve as well as worsen fire performance. He stated that he had
not himself analysed the panels so as to be able to form a view as to the
effect of ageing on these particular panels, and agreed that whether it had
any impact at all was “quite speculative”. 991

##### Foot Note 991

×

NE (5 October 2016) at p 183 lines 14–20; p 184 lines 13–18; p 185 lines 1–9.

The tests commissioned in 2015 only tested new panels, and therefore did not
test the effect of ageing on fire performance.

445 Kalzip points out that cl 2.1.2 of Specification Revision C provides that
the installation is to perform satisfactorily, in terms of the durability of
the finishes, for 15 years with minimum maintenance (apart from regular
cleaning) and 25 years with reasonable routine maintenance. It was also an
express requirement of the FSSD waiver that the GRP panels were to be listed
on the Product Listing Scheme, which required products to be tested annually
to ensure ongoing compliance with the requirements of waiver. 992

##### Foot Note 992

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 448, citing ABD 1D 278 and NE (4
October 2016) at pp 56–57.

In other words, the GRP panels ought to be able to fulfil the fire safety
requirements notwithstanding any ageing or exposure to the environment, since
such ageing and exposure are necessarily contemplated by the Sub-Contract.
However, I agree with BFG that these are not relevant. Clause 2.1.2 relates to
the durability of finishes, and not fire performance. Moreover, the Product
Listing Scheme requires annual retesting of the product from the production
line and not of the product post-installation. 993

##### Foot Note 993

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 231.

In any event, there is insufficient evidence for me to conclude that exposure
and ageing contributed to the panels failing the 2011–2012 fire tests.

Conclusions on Issue 5

446 Kalzip urged me to accept the reliability of the 2011–2012 tests given the
dearth of evidence of the “exact effect” that edge sealing, delamination and
ageing would have had on the test samples. 994

##### Foot Note 994

×

See, eg, Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 453; Plaintiff’s Reply
Submissions at para 74(a).

However, by the same token, the 2008–2010 tests should also be regarded as
reliable, given that there was as much (or less) uncertainty regarding the
exact effect that oven curing and/or the provenance of the panels had on them.

447 I find, on the basis of the expert evidence, that the lack of edge sealing
and the presence of delamination contributed to the samples’ performance in
the 2011–2012 fire tests, although I am unable to identify the exact degree of
the contribution. I also find that the 2008–2010 tests were likely affected by
the fact that the test samples lacked a gutter detail, although I am again
unable to identify the degree to which they were affected. I am not satisfied
that the test panels would have performed better in the 2008–2010 tests simply
because they were oven cured or manufactured in Bahrain.

448 On the whole, the evidence does not show on a balance of probabilities
that the GRP panels supplied by BFG failed to meet the fire safety
requirements in the Sub-Contract.

Issue 6: BFG’s liability in principle

449 The parties are not agreed on whether I should decide BFG’s liability in
principle for the various heads of claim at [31] and [32] above. Kalzip
submits that, should I find that BFG breached the terms of the Sub-Contract, I
should decide BFG’s liability in principle for the heads of claim so that the
second tranche of the bifurcated trial may deal solely with the quantification
of such heads of claim as are allowed. BFG, on the other hand, originally
opposed the inclusion of liability for specific heads of claim in the list of
issues for the first tranche. 995

##### Foot Note 995

×

ABD A 186, 190.

However, BFG does not maintain this objection in its closing submissions,
stating only that it “reserves the right to address the quantum of each of the
costs and expenses claimed by Kalzip” at the second tranche. 996

##### Foot Note 996

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 1019.

Nonetheless, the issue does not arise since I have found that Kalzip has not
proved its claim on a balance of probabilities that BFG breached the Sub-
Contract. Kalzip’s case hinges on the assertion that BFG supplied panels which
delaminated as a result of poor manufacturing and did not meet the fire safety
requirements of the Sub-Contract; it did not plead that the panels were
defective in other ways or not fit for purpose for other reasons. Kalzip’s
claim in restitution is likewise premised on the failure of the GRP panels to
comply with the technical requirements and specifications prescribed by the
Sub-Contract and the terms implied therein. 997

##### Foot Note 997

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 613.

Given my findings, Kalzip’s claims in contract and restitution must
necessarily be dismissed.

450 I add that, even if I had found that some panels were delaminated, Kalzip
would still have failed to establish total failure of consideration. Total
failure of consideration only occurs “when one party has not enjoyed the
benefit of any part of what it bargained for”, judged from the perspective of
the payor plaintiff [emphasis added] (Ooi Ching Ling v Just Gems Inc [2003] 1
SLR(R) 14 at [43]). Even on Kalzip’s case, not all the panels delaminated.
Kalzip attempts to circumvent this by defining the “consideration” in terms of
MBS’ acceptance of the panels, as MBS rejected all of the GRP panels (even
those which were not delaminated). 998

##### Foot Note 998

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 611, 613 and 617.

But the consideration cannot be defined solely in terms of MBS’ decision to
accept or reject the panels, since that would entitle Kalzip to restitution as
long as MBS rejected all the panels on any pretext, however unreasonable.
Rather, the consideration which Kalzip stood to gain from the Sub-Contract was
BFG’s design and supply of GRP panels which complied with the Sub-Contract’s
technical requirements. Given that BFG did in fact design, manufacture and
supply panels which were not delaminated or defective, the failure of
consideration would not have been not been total. I would therefore have
dismissed Kalzip’s claim in restitution in any event. For the same reason,
there is no need for me to decide whether Kalzip is entitled to bring claims
for breach of contract and in restitution concurrently. This issue is best
addressed, if it becomes necessary, at another time.

Conclusion

451 In summary, my key findings (read with [385] above) are as follows:

(a) The structural tests carried out by BFG and Winwall from 29 September 2008
to 24 September 2010 do not establish that the GRP panels failed to meet the
structural and loading requirements in the Sub-Contract (see [64]–[98] above).

(b) The four site surveys, and the correspondence relied on by Kalzip, do not
establish that there was widespread delamination as they were based largely on
the sounds emitted by the panels. The 2015 Tests establish that these sounds
are not proof of delamination (see [183]–[207] above).

(c) A number of GRP panels on the roof of the casino building exhibited inner
skin delamination. This was supported by evidence of the panels deflecting
underfoot when walked upon (see [211]–[226] above).

(d) Although there is no unequivocal evidence of which panels suffered these
signs of delamination, I find that 20 panels on the casino building roof
delaminated. It has not been proved on a balance of probabilities that any of
the panels on the MICE building, or the panels in storage, delaminated (see
[248]–[252] above).

(e) The delamination may have been caused by misuse (particularly by workers
walking and jumping on the panels) and/or by insufficient resin being used
during manufacturing. The evidence does not permit me to determine which was
the more proximate cause. It has not been proved on a balance of probabilities
that the delamination resulted from BFG’s manufacturing process. I therefore
find that BFG is not liable to Kalzip for breach of the deflection or
structural loading requirements in the Sub-Contract (see [294]–[311],
[322]–[339] and [383] above).

(f) Kalzip also has not proved on a balance of probabilities that the GRP
panels supplied by BFG failed to meet the fire safety requirements in the Sub-
Contract (see [446]–[448] above).

(g) The foregoing findings obviate consideration of BFG’s liability in
principle for the various heads of claim (see [449] above).

452 I therefore dismiss Kalzip’s claim in entirety and no further tranche of
the trial need be held. I will hear the parties on costs.

Quentin Loh  
Judge

Mohan Pillay, Yeo Boon Tat, Joanna Seetoh and Ang Wee Jian (MPillay) for the
plaintiff;

Soh Lip San, Tan Yu Inn Shannon and Rebecca Lim (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

