Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 169

Suit No 1238 of 2015

Between

(1)| TAN SWEE WAN  
---|---  
(2)| KELVIN LOW KENG SIANG  
  
… Plaintiffs

  

And

JOHNNY LIAN TIAN YONG  
---  
  
… Defendant

And Between

JOHNNY LIAN TIAN YONG  
---  
  
… Plaintiff-in-Counterclaim

  

TAN SWEE WAN  
---  
  
… Defendant-in-Counterclaim

judgment

[Contract] — [Formation] — [Certainty of terms]

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation] — [Statements of intention]

[Tort] — [Misrepresentation] — [Fraud and deceit]

[Trusts] — [Constructive trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tan Swee Wan and another

  

v

  

Johnny Lian Tian Yong

[2018] SGHC 169

High Court — Suit No 1238 of 2015  
George Wei J  
13-16, 19-21 March 2018; 10 April 2018

26 July 2018 Judgment reserved.

George Wei J:

1 This action concerns a project dating back to around middle of 2010 between
Tan Swee Wan and Kelvin Low Keng Siang (the “first plaintiff” and “second
plaintiff” respectively, and collectively “the plaintiffs”) and Johnny Lian
Tian Yong (“the defendant”). The project involved developing computer software
for use in software asset management and computer systems, with the intention
of ultimately listing the company to be set up for the project (“the Project
Company”) on the NASDAQ Exchange in the United States (“the Project”).

2 The plaintiffs’ role was to develop the computer software. The defendant’s
role was essentially to raise funds and to bring in investors. For reasons
which I shall discuss in detail later, the plaintiffs withdrew from the
Project in or around June 2011. The circumstances leading to their withdrawal
are heavily disputed and include alleged issues over the development of the
software, its commercial potential and problems in respect of funding. The
defendant’s basic position is that because of issues over the state of
development of the software and the projected revenue stream, the investor who
was supposed to provide the main source of funding for the project decided not
to proceed with his investment. The plaintiffs’ position is that, at the time
of their decision to withdraw from the Project, the defendant concealed the
fact that the funds had in fact been raised and the Project was essentially on
track. On this basis, the plaintiffs assert they are entitled to claim certain
contractual payments.

3 The plaintiffs commenced this suit against the defendant on 3 December 2015.
Three alternative causes of action were pleaded: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) (“SOC 2”) at paras 15–38.

(a) First, the plaintiffs claim that the defendant breached an oral agreement
entered into by the parties sometime in 2010 in respect of the Project (“the
Oral Agreement”).

(b) Second, the plaintiffs assert that if there was no Oral Agreement, the
defendant made fraudulent misrepresentations, thereby inducing the plaintiffs
to enter into a subscription agreement (“the Subscription Agreement”) in
connection with the Project around 24 January 2011. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC 2 at paras 21–30.

(c) Third, the plaintiffs claim that sometime in 2010, they reached a “common
understanding” or agreement with the defendant concerning the defendant’s
duties in respect of fund raising. These funds were in fact raised sometime in
2011 by the defendant for the Project but the defendant failed to apply the
funds in accordance with the common understanding and has failed to provide
any account of the monies raised. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC 2 at para 36.

The Plaintiffs accordingly claim to have suffered loss and damage and to be
entitled to an account on the basis of breach of constructive trust.

4 The defendant denies the plaintiffs’ allegations and claims. He also brings
a counterclaim for a loan totaling S$400,000 made to the first plaintiff
sometime in March or April 2011. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defence and Counterclaim at para 27.

5 The trial was held over seven days. A total of four witnesses were called,
including the first and second plaintiffs, the defendant, and a witness for
the defendant, Mr Chang Meng Heng, from Bizpoint International Pte Ltd
(“BPI”).

6 I now deliver my judgment, which I shall structure as follows:

(a) Overview of the plaintiffs’ case.

(b) Overview of the defendant’s case.

(c) The counterclaim.

(d) The decision.

(e) Miscellaneous points.

(f) Conclusion.

7 While I shall begin with the plaintiffs’ case and evidence, I shall indicate
those points on which there is no substantial dispute between the parties. I
will also touch on some key areas in which the defendant’s and the plaintiffs’
cases diverge, which will then be elaborated on if necessary in the following
section setting out the defendant’s case.

Overview of the plaintiffs’ case

The background

8 The first plaintiff and the defendant met around 1986 when they were members
of the Singapore Police Force. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

First plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC)” at para 3.

The defendant left the Police Force sometime in 1991 and became a businessman.
The first plaintiff remained and thereafter became acquainted with the second
plaintiff around May 1997. At this time, the first plaintiff was heading the
Computer Crime Branch. The second plaintiff was his subordinate.

9 Sometime in 1998, the first plaintiff introduced the second plaintiff to the
defendant so that the second plaintiff might obtain advice on the engagement
of a domestic helper. The defendant, after leaving the Police Force in 1991,
was involved in various business ventures including that of a domestic helper
agency. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 3–6; second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 5.

I note that the first plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief also makes a
passing reference to the defendant as “an agent in a multi-level marketing
business”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at [6].

This was not elaborated on in the plaintiffs’ evidence and was not
specifically touched on in cross-examination. I shall return to this at the
end of the judgment.

10 The defendant asserts that he was introduced to the second plaintiff
sometime in 2002 (and not 1998), but the parties have no serious disagreement
as to how they became acquainted. There is no dispute that the defendant was
the first to leave the Police Force to try his hand in business. As will be
examined in more detail later, the defendant has held directorships (executive
and non-executive) in many companies involved in a wide range of businesses.
It is clear that he is often brought into companies as an investor, usually
receiving shares and sometimes being given a non-executive director’s
position. The monies invested may be his own or sourced from or combined with
sums raised from other investors whether in Singapore, China or elsewhere. In
other cases, the defendant may also take a more active management role as an
executive director, that is, to come on board the company for the purpose of
helping to grow the business – possibly to the point where a listing on a
recognised stock exchange becomes possible.

11 While the defendant left for the business world in 1991, the first
plaintiff remained in the Police Force where he acquired experience in
computer forensic criminal investigation. The first plaintiff also acquired a
degree in science from the National University of Singapore while with the
Police Force. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 7l; Certified Transcript (“CT”), 13 March 2018,
p 120 (lines 11–16).

The second plaintiff also appears to have served in the area of investigation
of computer crimes. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 4.

In this way, there is no doubt that, as compared to the defendant, the
plaintiffs were far better acquainted and much more familiar with computer
systems and computer programming. This forms the backdrop against which the
plaintiffs and defendant came together to collaborate for the Project that
lies at the heart of this action. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 4–7.

That said, I note that while the first plaintiff asserts that he is not
familiar with financial matters and simply brought technical skills to the
table, I am satisfied that the first plaintiff has greater familiarity and
involvement in financial matters than he is prepared to acknowledge. The
relevance of this will become clearer later. On the other hand, while it has
been suggested that the defendant is more familiar with information technology
than he admits, I have the clear impression that he is not an IT aficionado
and that his IT knowledge is rather general in nature.

12 The first plaintiff left the Police Force sometime in 1998 and joined
Microsoft Singapore for about a year, working in intellectual property
enforcement. Thereafter, he joined Seagate for two years followed by a short
period at KPMG (forensics and litigation support). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

CT, 15 March 2018, pp 52 (line14) to 54 (line 8).

13 By 2001, the first plaintiff and the defendant had become close friends.
The second plaintiff did not know the defendant as well as the first plaintiff
did, but their relationship was also cordial and they were on friendly terms.
In general, it appears that the defendant had much more frequent contact with
the first plaintiff as opposed to the second plaintiff. It seems the second
plaintiff was based in China for much of the period when certain key
discussions or matters transpired between the first plaintiff and defendant.
The defendant’s evidence, which I accept, is that he mostly left it to the
first plaintiff to explain the discussions to the second plaintiff.

14 Unfortunately, as a result of the dispute that subsequently arose over the
Project and which led to this law suit, the friendship between the parties has
been lost and replaced by considerable animosity.

15 One feature of this case is the lack of contemporaneous documentation to
establish, support and corroborate the evidence of the witnesses on many key
issues in dispute between the parties. While there are some emails in evidence
(together with their attachments), it seems that many of the discussions
between the parties were never recorded or confirmed by minutes or emails.
Indeed, as will be seen, the material record on the agreement between the
parties in respect of the Project is surprisingly sparse and incomplete given
the size of the deal contemplated. The plaintiffs and defendant have explained
this lack of documentation by saying that there was a good deal of trust
between the parties and that it was not thought necessary to have everything
recorded or confirmed in writing. After all, they were friends who helped each
other out on personal matters from time to time. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 5, 7 and 12; second plaintiff’s AEIC at paras
5 and 10.

The setting up of Tecbiz

16 Sometime around early 2001, the plaintiffs decided to start their own
business together with Mr Ong Cheng Ho (“Mr Ong”), who was also a police
investigator, leveraging on their acquired skills in investigating computer
crimes. The defendant was invited to join as an investor and to provide
general business advice. The plan was to enter the market for computer
forensics and detection and prevention of copyright infringement and software
piracy. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 8.

Pursuant to this plan, around August 2001, the first plaintiff incorporated
Tecbiz Sherlock Pte Ltd. The company’s name was subsequently changed to Tecbiz
Frisman Pte Ltd (“Tecbiz”). At the time of incorporation, the first plaintiff
held 60% of the shares and the remaining 40% of shares in Tecbiz were held by
Mr Ong. The second plaintiff was then still with the Police Force and
apparently felt it would be inappropriate for him to hold shares in the
company. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 10.

Subsequently, on 10 October 2001, the defendant invested S$166,667 in Tecbiz
and was allotted 33,333 of the shares in return (at S$4 per share). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendant’s AEIC at [10].

17 On 16 January 2002, Mr Ong sold his shares in Tecbiz and the second
plaintiff (who had now left the Police Force) became a shareholder. The shares
in Tecbiz were thus held in the following proportions: the first plaintiff
held 45%; the second plaintiff held 25%; and the defendant held 30%. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 9.

The shareholding in Tecbiz remained in these proportions until April 2011,
when the relationship between the plaintiffs and defendant soured.

18 While the defendant was a non-executive director and shareholder in Tecbiz
almost from the very start, his role was essentially passive: that of an
investor who had a seat at the table, so to speak. He lacked technical
expertise in computer software and the operations of Tecbiz were left to the
plaintiffs. The defendant did attend board meetings and had sight of company
reports, but his evidence was that he was not concerned with the details and
that he did not recall much of the matters discussed.

Tecbiz’s core business

19 Tecbiz’s core business was the provision of forensic IT services to the
private sector. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

CT, 15 March 2018, p 58 (lines 6–14).

These included the examination of computer and IT systems for evidence of
wrongdoing, such as the use of pirated software, unauthorised access and
appropriation of confidential information. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 6; first plaintiff’s AEIC at para 8.

This was the business Tecbiz started and indeed continued with, until the
plaintiffs gave up their directorships in 2011. It appears that Microsoft was
a customer of Tecbiz’s IT forensic services as well. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

CT, 15 March 2018, pp 58 (line 25) to 59 (line 4).

20 The expertise within Tecbiz eventually extended from forensic examination
of computer systems to the development of software programs to assist in the
forensic work of Tecbiz. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

CT, 15 March 2018, pp 59 (lines 18) to 60 (line 3).

As will be seen, the development of software applications lies at the heart of
the dispute between the parties. While the plaintiffs did have knowledge of
computer technology, it seems the key person at Tecbiz who led developments in
software applications was Mr Tan Kah Leong (“Mr Tan”). Indeed, it appears that
Mr Tan did much of the early developmental work on the software package which
gave rise to the Project. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

CT, 15 March 2018, pp 72 (lines 18–19) and 101 (lines 11–13).

21 The evidence is that if Tecbiz wanted to grow the software development side
of their business, then aside from capital injections, it might be necessary
to expand their team of programmers and software engineers. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

CT, 15 March 2018, p 72 (lines 18–19).

This is essentially the backdrop against which I turn to the attempts by
Tecbiz to attract new investments in or around 2005 with a view to expanding
the business. The eventual “failure” of these early attempts led to the
discussions with the defendant and his involvement in fund-raising in late
2010.

Early attempts by Tecbiz to attract investors: Sirius and Spring Seeds

22 According to the defendant, sometime in 2005, Tecbiz decided to attract new
investors. To this end, on 1 September 2005, Mr Eugene Wong (“Mr Wong”), who
was founder and director of a venture capital investment company, Sirius
Venture Consulting Pte Ltd (“Sirius”), was appointed a director of Tecbiz.
Subsequently, in September 2006, Sirius and another company, Spring Seeds Pte
Ltd (“Spring Seeds”) each invested S$300,000 in return for shares in Tecbiz.
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defendant’s AEIC, JLTY-2, at p 39.

Another new director, Mr Jen Shek Voon (“Mr Jen”), was appointed to represent
Spring Seeds’ interests.

23 A subscription agreement was signed on 5 September 2006 by Tecbiz, the
plaintiffs, the defendant, Sirus, and Spring Seeds. The documentation in
evidence for this investment by Sirius and Spring Seeds was substantial and
included:

(a) Three “Statutory Declaration(s) for Founders” dated 20 September 2006; 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defendant’s AEIC, JLTY-2, at pp 36–38.

(b) A letter captioned “Allotment of shares in [Tecbiz]” in which the
plaintiffs and the defendant gave consent for the allotment of new redeemable
convertible preference shares in favour of Spring Seeds and Sirius dated 19
September 2006; 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defendant’s AEIC, JLTY-2, at p 39

(c) Two directors’ resolutions relating to the allotment of redeemable
convertible preference shares to Sirius and Spring Seeds; 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defendant’s AEIC, JLTY-2, at pp 40 – 43.

(d) A subscription agreement dated 5 September 2006 and signed by the parties;
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendant’s AEIC, JLTY-2, at pp 44–84.

and

(e) A Shareholders’ Agreement dated 5 September 2006 and signed by the
parties. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defendant’s AEIC, JLTY-2, at pp 85–117.

24 On 3 March 2009, Sirius and Spring Seeds both gave notice to redeem their
redeemable convertible preference shares. The defendant asserts this was
because Tecbiz was unable to fulfil certain milestones in the subscription
agreement, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 19.

but the details are unclear. An email dated 5 January 2010 sent by the first
plaintiff to Mr Wong and Mr Jen (copied to the second plaintiff and the
defendant) suggests that the 2009 financial year had been “difficult” for
Tecbiz because of the global economic downturn, and mentions an unsuccessful
“attempted OTC listing in FY 2009”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defendant’s AEIC at JLTY-4, p 127.

This appears to be a reference to an attempt to list Tecbiz around 2009 in
Phillip Securities’ Over-the-Counter (“OTC”) Board in Singapore, which was
unsuccessful or at least was not proceeded with because of the sense that the
listing was premature. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 25.

The email went on to state that 2010 would likely be another difficult year,
and that Tecbiz was adopting a strategy of remaining lean and focusing on high
margins markets and services. The email concluded with the first plaintiff
stating that there was a need to reduce the size of the board of directors
because board activity would be “very thin”, and respectfully requesting that
Mr Wong and Mr Jen resign from the board. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Defendant’s AEIC at JLTY-4, p 127.

25 Nothing turns on the reason for Spring Seeds and Sirius’ withdrawal from
Tecbiz in 2009. The point I make, however, is that the first plaintiff appears
to be reasonably knowledgeable about finance, investments, venture capital
funding, listings and business operations. The first plaintiff is clearly not
just a “technical person” (supra [11]). It is evident that by 2009, he had
considerable business experience of his own and that he was very much involved
in the engagement with Spring Seeds and Sirius. It does not appear to me that
the first plaintiff is “hands-off” when it comes to business and financial
arrangements.

The birth of the Solvesam project

26 While there is a lack of clarity over the dates, it appears that sometime
around 2005, Tecbiz conceived the idea for developing a new software program
or package which had as its objective management of information technology
assets, software licences and license compliance. Corporate users needed to
comply with the terms of software licences, including licence renewals and
restrictions on the number of computers in which the software could be stored
and used. Given the large number of software programs a corporate user may
need, there was a need to assist companies in managing their licences so as to
ensure “proactive compliance with the terms and conditions of these licences”.
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 13.

The second plaintiff also explains that assistance on compliance involved
obtaining data on the usage information of various software products deployed
within the companies and analysing them against the software licence purchase
records and entitlements. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 11; CT, 15 March 2018, pp 97 (line 20) to 98
(line 2).

27 At the time, Tecbiz was using a software tool called LicenceCare produced
by Microsoft in providing software asset management services for customers of
Microsoft products, 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

CT, 15 March 2018, pp 59 (line 18) to 60 (line 7).

but the tool had “some limitation(s)”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

CT, 15 March 2018, p 59 (line 20).

Thus, Tecbiz developed its own software, “Solvesam”. The first version of
Solvesam was developed, and “soft launch[ed]” sometime around 2006. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 12.

For convenience, this will be referred to as “SS V1.0” which existed as a
server version as well as a thumbdrive version. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

CT, 16 March 2018, pp 54 (lines 3–8) and 61 (lines 3–5).

At the time, the plan was to market it as part of Tecbiz’s software asset
management service. This involved providing the customer with a complete
service package that included accessing and linking up the customer’s
computers/servers in a manner that would allow Tecbiz to manage the customer’s
software licences. SS V1.0 was not sold as a standalone product.

28 SS V1.0 was officially launched around March 2007. The plaintiffs’ evidence
is that it was well received, and was used by Tecbiz in providing software
asset management services to significant corporate customers including Thai
Airways, Jurong International Pte Ltd and China National Oil Corporation. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 16; second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 14.

29 The plaintiffs assert that by 2011, Tecbiz had begun selling copies of the
“enforcement edition” of Solvesam to Microsoft China to assist in conducting
raids on companies by checking for evidence of breaches of licence terms and
conditions. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 21; second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 20.

Evidence of this includes:

(a) A Tecbiz invoice to Microsoft China, 19 May 2011, for installing and
setting up Solvesam Enforcement. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at Tab 2, pp 142, 143.

(b) A Tecbiz invoice to Microsoft China, 20 January 2011, for 3 sets of
Solvesam and 10 USB scanning drives. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at Tab 2, pp 140, 141.

(c) A Tecbiz invoice to Microsoft China, 2 July 2010 for a pilot project for
Direct SAM and engagement of customers in SAM process. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at Tab 2, pp 136, 137.

30 The defendant was not involved in the development of SS V1.0, but was
present at Tecbiz board meetings where SS V1.0 was raised and discussed. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 15.

For example, on 25 May 2007, the defendant was present at a board meeting
during which the first plaintiff updated the board on “the successful
development and testing of [SS V1.0]”, as well as the fact that Tecbiz had
received an invitation to speak on Software Asset Management at a Microsoft
Worldwide Partner Conference, and had secured a contract with Thai Airways. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 17(a).

31 While the defendant may not have been aware of the details of SS V1.0 in
2006 and 2007, he would certainly have been generally aware of SS V1.0 and
that it was a significant development in Tecbiz’s software asset management
business.

Further attempts to raise funds between 2008 and 2009

32 With the birth of SS V1.0, Tecbiz was keen to attract investment for the
purposes of growing the business with the ultimate goal of securing a listing
on a stock exchange. Expansion of SS V1.0 into a fully developed software
asset management system would require injection of capital and technical
expertise. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

CT, 15 March 2018, pp 64 (line 4) to 65 (line 8) and p 72 (lines 12–22).

As will be seen, one major aspect of the parties’ plans for Solvesam was to
develop a cloud-based version. This would require expensive infrastructure, 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

CT, 15 March 2018, p 65 (lines 3–8).

hence the need for funding.

33 It appears this was the reason why Tecbiz considered a listing on Phillip
Securities OTC Board in 2009. Consideration was also given in late 2009 to the
idea of selling Tecbiz to Deloitte & Touche Financial Advisory Services
(“Deloitte”). According to the first plaintiff, the sale did not materialise
because among other reasons: (a) the offer price was too low; (b) the
defendant would not be part of the business at Deloitte; and (c) Deloitte was
only interested in acquiring the forensic investigation business, and not SS
V1.0. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 26–27; second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 25.

34 I pause here to note that while the defendant was a non-executive director
of Tecbiz, he appears to have played a fairly important role in discussions
and planning of future developments of Tecbiz, at least from the business or
financial perspective. That much is clear from the fact that one reason for
the decision not to sell Tecbiz’s business to Deloitte was that Deloitte was
only interested in acquiring Tecbiz’s management team which of course excluded
the defendant. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 27.

Further and planned iterations of SS V1.0

35 From 2009 through to 2010, the parties continued to consider how to develop
Tecbiz’s business and Solvesam. The plan, as explained in a Tecbiz slide
presentation sent to the defendant around 27 August 2010, was to target the
China market on account of the large number of IT users in China. To succeed,
it would be necessary to develop SS V1.0 into a “Cloud-based” product. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC, TSW-4, at p 173.

It seems the goal was to develop Solvesam into an “IT [a]sset [m]anagement
tool to be used for computer maintenance services for the purpose of
generating revenue from advertising, group buy and market trend analysis”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at p 178.

It was envisioned that this would be achieved by developing SS V1.0 through
the following iterations: 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at p 173.

(a) Development of a web-based version by October 2010 for a pilot run by
Microsoft China clients (this shall be referred to as “SS V1.25”).

(b) Development of an enforcement version for sale to Microsoft China in 2011
(“SS V1.25A”). 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 21, second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 20; CT, 16
March 2018, pp 75 (line 25) to 76 (line 8).

(c) Development of a cloud-based version in 2011 with added services such as
updates and security health checks (“SS V2”). 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at p 173.

Aside from some preparatory work, it appears that SS V2 was never completed.
55

##### Foot Note 55

×

CT, 15 March 2018, p 66 (lines 18–25).

(d) Further development of the cloud-based version in 2012 by adding features
and functions such as break/fix services, improving bandwidth and storage
capacity for users, and building a PC market trend analysis platform (“SS
V3”). 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at p 173.

The overall goal was to reach 5 million users within 5 years. SS V3 was
intended to be an “on-demand” and “pay-as-you-use” version of Solvesam for
individuals. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

CT, 16 March 2018, pp 70 (line 7) to 73 (line 5); 2AB pp 871–889.

36 The evidence is that by around early or mid-2011, SS V1.25, the web-based
version, existed at least as a demonstration model. Unfortunately, the
Solvesam project never developed beyond SS V1.25 since the plaintiffs withdrew
from the project in mid-2011 for reasons that will be examined later. The
point, however, is that the Solvesam project appears to have developed over
numerous discussions into a fairly sophisticated plan which culminated in the
hope that SSV3 would have a degree of market penetration such that it would be
like a Facebook for China (in terms of the number of user accounts).

Expansion of the defendant’s role: raising funds for Solvesam

37 While 2009 was not a good year for Tecbiz, a positive development took
place in April 2010 when International Enterprise Singapore offered its
assistance in setting up an overseas marketing office in Shanghai, China,
under the Internationalisation Capability Development Programme. As a result,
Tecbiz established a representative office in China in August 2010 with the
second plaintiff as the Chief Representative. The second plaintiff also
relocated to China. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 28; second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 26.

38 It is evident that Microsoft was interested in developments in the Solvesam
software around 2010, as can be seen from the various invoices referred to at
[29] above. According to the plaintiffs, sometime around August 2010, Mr Alex
Cooper, Microsoft’s general manager in China, even suggested that Tecbiz set
up a separate company to develop Solvesam further and suggested that he might
be able to assist in finding venture capitalists to invest in the new company.
59

##### Foot Note 59

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 30.

The defendant was informed of this suggestion by email dated 27 August 2010
which included the powerpoint slides mentioned at [35] above on how Solvesam
could be developed, together with a copy of Mr Cooper’s curriculum vitae. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at Tab 4, at p 180.

39 The fact that Microsoft China was interested in Solvesam is also clear from
the fact that in November 2010, they expressed interest in training sessions
on Tecbiz’s enforcement tool for Microsoft’s technicians and lawyers, as well
as training on how to use the software for inspection. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC, Tab 2, at pp 133–135.

40 In short, the plaintiffs’ position is that SS V1.0 had been well received
and that the plans to develop SS V.1.25 and beyond had certainly attracted the
attention of Microsoft. The plaintiffs also assert that they did not receive
complaints from other customers as to the capabilities of the Solvesam
software. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 22; second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 21.

41 According to the plaintiffs, the defendant, after being informed of Mr
Cooper’s proposal, offered to develop his own fund-raising proposal. He
advised against having Mr Cooper involved as “it was difficult to work with
venture capitalists”, and the parties would lose control of the company. The
plaintiffs say that although they knew the defendant was a “smooth talker and
skilled salesperson”, they were keen on his fund-raising proposal because they
viewed him as their trusted friend who would have their interests at heart. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC, at para 33; second plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 30–31.

42 Several discussions took place between the parties, likely around end
August to October 2010. A key assertion of the plaintiffs is that the
defendant was an experienced businessman who stressed (essentially boasted of)
his ability to raise funds and to bring new start-up companies up to and
through to listing on NASDAQ. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 35, 194; second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 33.

43 At around that time, it appears the plaintiffs were also exploring the
option of applying for government grants to develop the Solvesam project and
expand Tecbiz. When the defendant was informed, the plaintiffs say he
discouraged these grant applications and instead stressed his own experience
and ability in fundraising. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 39.

44 One example which the defendant is said to have raised in this context was
his involvement in fund raising and a listing exercise for Techmedia
Advertising Inc (“TECM”) in the United States. In brief, TECM was allegedly
first set up in Singapore as Techmedia Advertising Singapore Pte Ltd. A
related company, Techmedia Advertising Mauritius, was set up as the parent of
Techmedia Advertising India to carry out media related activities in India and
take advantage of tax treaties. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC, Tab 4 at p 196.

The defendant was said to have led the fund-raising exercise with the
intention of listing TECM on NASDAQ. According to the plaintiffs, the
defendant cited or made references to TECM so as to persuade the plaintiffs
that he would be able to lead and drive the fund-raising exercise for the
Solvesam project.

45 A key statement which the plaintiffs assert was made by the defendant, and
which the plaintiffs claim to have relied on, was that TECM was already listed
on NASDAQ. The plaintiffs say the defendant never informed them of any
problems that had arisen over fundraising, or the fact that TECM was never
listed on NASDAQ, and was instead initially listed on the Over-the-Counter
Bulletin Board (“OTC BB”) in the United States and thereafter “down-graded” to
“Over-the-Counter Pink Sheets” (“OTC Pink Sheets”). 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 37, 66 and 193.

The plaintiffs claim the defendant made this representation prior to the
parties coming to an understanding on the defendant’s fundraising involvement.
They also assert that the defendant reinforced the representations in early
2011 (after the understanding was allegedly reached) by repeating the claim
that he had successfully raised funds for TECM which was listed on NASDAQ. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 194(b).

46 The plaintiffs assert that they were impressed by the defendant’s success
in his fundraising efforts for TECM because they had been informed by the
defendant of the TECM fund-raising exercise years earlier. By email dated 18
September 2008, the defendant informed the plaintiffs that TECM was intending
to carry out a reverse take-over of a US-listed company in less than 18
months. The plaintiffs were invited to participate by subscribing for shares.
The email included slides on TECM and its goal to provide one-stop advertising
solutions in whatever appropriate media format in India. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC, Tab 4, at p 196.

The plaintiffs declined the invitation.

47 Leaving aside the fact that TECM was never successfully listed on NASDAQ,
the plaintiffs also note the defendant’s conviction on 31 March 2014 for an
offence under the Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289, 2006 Rev Ed) relating
to offering securities without a licence in connection with TECM. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 193(a).

The plaintiffs also claim that “various individuals” who had invested in TECM
contacted the plaintiffs towards end 2014, complaining about the defendant’s
failure to list TECM on NASDAQ, the listing of TECM on OTC BB and the
subsequent downgrading to OTC Pink Sheets. None of these investors gave
evidence and no details were provided as to who these investors were or,
indeed, how or why they made contact with the plaintiffs. It is undisputed
that the TECM fundraising exercise had no connection with the Solvesam
project.

48 The plaintiffs claim that the structure of the fundraising proposal for the
Solvesam project bore striking similarities to the fund-raising structure for
TECM. The defendant’s involvement and the requirement that the defendant must
have complete control or responsibility for funds raised from investors, and
the alleged goal of listing TECM on NASDAQ was essentially the same as what
was proposed for Solvesam project.

49 Thus, the plaintiffs refer to TECM for two reasons. First, because the
defendant’s claims about his success with TECM is relied on (a) as an
actionable misrepresentation; and/or (b) as the basis for a term of the Oral
Agreement; and/or (c) as an element of the common understanding reached.
Secondly, it appears (although this is less clear) that the plaintiffs raise
TECM as similar fact evidence – to support their contention that the defendant
never believed or had an intention to carry through with his representations,
promises and statements on the Solvesam project. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 196.

The understanding and/or agreement between the plaintiffs and the defendant

50 The plaintiffs assert that their discussions with the defendant culminated
in an understanding on the defendant’s fundraising proposal. Evidence as to
the date or period when the understanding was reached was unclear to say the
least. No records were made of any of the discussions. There is not a single
email or communication from either side that purports to capture or summarise
the understanding that had been reached. The evidence suggests that many
conversations took place during which certain points were raised and consensus
reached. The plaintiffs’ argument is that by marrying together all the
conversations, an oral agreement emerged on the following terms: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

SOC 2 at para 15.

(a) The plaintiffs and the defendant would collectively hold 51% of the shares
in a company called Solvesam International Pte Ltd (“SIPL”) while the
remaining shares were to be held by investors sourced from the People’s
Republic of China.

(b) Once sufficient capital had been raised for the Solvesam project, the
plaintiffs and the defendant would procure Tecbiz to transfer the ownership
and rights over Solvesam to SIPL.

(c) The ultimate objective of the Solvesam project was to list SIPL on NASDAQ.

(d) The plaintiffs would be responsible for developing the Solvesam software,
business development and operations whereas the defendant would be responsible
for raising funds from investors. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

SOC 2, paras 15(d) and (e); Defendant’s closing submissions, paras 12–13.

(e) The fundraising for the Solvesam project would be done in the name of SIPL
without any link back to Tecbiz.

(f) The defendant would raise US$20m in funds. The funds were to be under the
defendant’s control as the defendant told the plaintiffs that this was a key
requirement of the potential investors’ representative, who allegedly only
trusted the defendant to control the funds.

(g) The defendant would procure and arrange for the transfer and disbursement
of the funds as follows:

(i) US$900,000 to each of the plaintiffs and defendant;

(ii) US$2.3m as expenses for the fund-raising exercise; and

(iii) US$15m as working capital for the Solvesam project and the new Project
Company.

51 I pause to note that while the plaintiffs’ pleadings have referred to the
above figures as representing the understanding on how the funds raised were
to be used and disbursed, it appears that there was an earlier understanding
that the plaintiffs would be paid US$1m each whilst only US$2m would be set
aside for expenses. I shall return to this below, but make the point that this
is clearly not a case where there were just one or two meetings during which
all the terms of the agreement were discussed and agreed upon. Instead, it
appears that there were likely many meetings over a period of many months on
different points.

52 For example, while it is undisputed that SIPL was incorporated on 23
December 2010, it is unclear if the alleged understanding that the investment
funds raised had to be under the sole control or responsibility of the
defendant was reached before or after that date. Based on the first
plaintiff’s evidence, it appears that the “understanding” on control over the
funds raised was only reached sometime after 7 January 2011 when the
plaintiffs were allegedly informed that the investors only trusted the
defendant to control the funds. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 46–49; second plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 47 and
51.

That being so, it appears that the alleged Oral Agreement could only have come
into existence sometime in early January 2011 and not in 2010 as pleaded.

53 Indeed, even the term that the plaintiffs and defendant would collectively
hold 51% of the shares in SIPL while the remaining was to be held by investors
sourced from the People’s Republic of China is one which appears to have been
raised and “agreed” only in early June 2011. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 120.

54 It seems that a new Project Company was thought necessary in order to
ensure that the defendant would lead the fund-raising exercise in the name of,
and through, the Project Company “without any link back to Tecbiz”. At first
sight, this term appears to mean that Tecbiz’s name was not to appear at all
in connection with the raising of funds and the marketing efforts for
Solvesam. The first plaintiff states that the parties did not want to include
Tecbiz’s core business (forensic investigations) in the Solvesam project. That
business was to be retained by Tecbiz and only Solvesam was to be transferred
to the new Project Company. This way, the risks and rewards from the Solvesam
project would be solely confined to the new Project Company, and the
profitability of Tecbiz (the core business) would not be affected by or shared
with the new investors. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 34; second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 32.

On this basis, it would follow that the alleged term (that the fund-raising
would be conducted with no links back to Tecbiz) simply meant that SIPL would
be the borrower and that Tecbiz would have no legal responsibilities or
liabilities for or to SIPL and the Solvesam software. It did not mean that the
fact that the Solvesam software originated from Tecbiz had to be masked at all
times. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Certified Transcript, 15 March 2018, p 69, line 22 – p 71, line 10.

The significance of this point will become apparent later.

The incorporation of the Project Company

55 As mentioned, SIPL was incorporated as the Project Company on 23 December
2010. Shortly thereafter, around 5 January 2011, the plaintiffs became
directors and shareholders. There is nothing to suggest that any of the
parties were merely non-executive directors. The plaintiffs and defendant were
also equal shareholders of SIPL. Later, around 20 July 2011 (after the
plaintiffs withdrew from the Solvesam Project), SIPL changed its name to SSI
Holdings Pte Ltd (“SSI”) for reasons which will be gone into later.

The events in January 2011

56 January 2011 was clearly an important month given that SIPL had just been
incorporated. By this time, Tecbiz had established a representative office in
China and the second plaintiff had relocated to China. As alluded to earlier,
Microsoft China was a user of the enforcement edition of Solvesam software and
had indicated its interest in the development of the Solvesam system.

57 In late 2010, the defendant had informed the plaintiffs that he was
meeting, or in discussions with, investors in China, but the evidence on who
these investors were is thin and hazy, and it seems that at this stage, the
defendant had not yet managed to secure any definite or confirmed investments.
78

##### Foot Note 78

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 39(a), 44, and 46–49.

58 Then, in January 2011, the defendant informed the plaintiffs that a Chinese
fund manager called “Ah Dong” was very keen on the Solvesam project. Ah Dong
would represent a group of individual retail investors who would invest in a
fund company on the basis that their investments would be channelled to the
Solvesam project (ie, to SIPL). 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 47; second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 45.

The plaintiffs were later informed that Ah Dong’s real name was “Chi Jiayu”
(“Mr Chi”). 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 55; second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 53.

59 Mr Chi’s key requirement was that the funds raised must be under the
defendant’s control. The plaintiffs understood this to mean that the defendant
was to be the custodian of the funds prior to the defendant’s transfer of the
funds to the Project Company (ie, SIPL, supra [55]). It did not mean that the
defendant was to have full discretion as to how the funds were to be applied,
used or disbursed. The funds were to be applied in accordance with the
understanding that had been reached between the plaintiffs and the defendant.
81

##### Foot Note 81

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 49; second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 47.

Indeed, under cross-examination, the defendant also stated that what Mr Chi
wanted was for the defendant to be responsible for the funds raised, as
opposed to the defendant having total control over the use of the funds for
SIPL. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

CT, 19 March 2018, pp 35 (line 10) to 37 (line 5).

60 Around 10 January 2011, the first plaintiff provided the defendant with a
budget/revenue estimate for SIPL’s first three years. The estimate of SIPL’s
costs (including the costs of staff, the office, information technology and
legal services) was just under US$20m. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at Tab 7, pp 368 and 371. Second plaintiff’s AEIC at
Tab 7, pp 369 and 372.

The three-year budget estimate is of some significance as it is the same
figure that features in the Oral Agreement and the alleged common
understanding. I return to this point below.

61 As an aside, it also appears that the defendant, even at this early stage,
was considering bringing in another IT company, BPI, into the Solvesam project
with the aim of securing a listing on NASDAQ. The plaintiffs claim that
sometime in late 2010 or early 2011, the defendant raised the possibility of
using SIPL to acquire BPI which was then listed on the Phillip Securities OTC
Board in Singapore. According to the plaintiffs, the discussion was brief as
the defendant did not yet have any firm proposals on the acquisition of BPI.
84

##### Foot Note 84

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 45.

The relevance of this point will become clearer later.

The Subscription Agreement

62 According to the plaintiffs, the defendant then requested that the first
plaintiff prepare a draft of the Subscription Agreement (supra [3(b)]). The
draft was prepared based on the discussions between the parties and was sent
by the first plaintiff to the defendant and the second plaintiff on 19 January
2011. The draft was not prepared by legal counsel apparently because the
parties were good friends and trusted each other. Furthermore, the first
plaintiff was told, and appears to have accepted, that the Subscription
Agreement was more for the investor, Mr Chi, or his fund company, than to
regulate the dealings between the plaintiffs and the defendant. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

CT, 13 March 2018, p 32 (lines 1–9).

The defendant undertook to translate the draft Subscription Agreement into
Chinese and to procure Mr Chi’s agreement and signature. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 55 and 56.

63 Before I set out the main provisions of the Subscription Agreement, the
following points are noted:

(a) The draft Subscription Agreement, as sent to the defendant on 19 January
2011 for translation and for Mr Chi’s agreement, is between SIPL (“the
Company”), Mr Chi (“the Investor”), the plaintiffs and the defendant (“the
Founders”). The signature page of this draft provides for (i) a signature for
and on behalf of SIPL; and (ii) signatures of Mr Chi, the plaintiffs and the
defendant. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at Tab 7, pp 377–381.

(b) It appears that some corrections were made to this draft. These include,
for example, alteration of the Investor’s shareholding to 30% (instead of 70%
as erroneously set out in the first draft).

(c) The execution page that Mr Chi apparently signed is (i) undated; (ii) not
witnessed; and (iii) signed by Mr Chi for and on behalf of “Hong Kong Fu Xuan
Investment Company Limited” (“HKFXI”). 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at TAB 8, p 394.

There is no independent evidence that the body of the Subscription Agreement
had been amended to state that Mr Chi was signing for or on behalf of HKFXI
and explaining what was the intended role of HKFXI. That said, Mr Chi had
indicated to the defendant his intention to use a fund company as the vehicle
for his investment into SIPL and the Solvesam project, and it seems that it
was understood that HKFXI was this fund company. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

CT, 14 March 2018, p 125 (lines 6-10).

(d) The plaintiffs never had sight of the Subscription Agreement in Chinese
that was signed and agreed to by Mr Chi. Only the execution page bearing Mr
Chi’s signature was sent to them via an email from the defendant on 24 January
2011. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 60.

According to the first plaintiff, the defendant handled all the interaction
with Mr Chi because Mr Chi only trusted the defendant. For this reason, the
first plaintiff did not ask for the complete Subscription Agreement signed by
Mr Chi. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

CT, 13 March 2018, p 25, lines 4 – 12, and p 31, line 16.

The Subscription Agreement as translated and signed by Mr Chi is also not in
evidence.

(e) The plaintiffs and the defendant signed the execution page (which was
first signed by Mr Chi) on or about 10 February 2011. The execution page is
undated. There is no signature for and on behalf of SIPL. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at TAB 8, p 396.

(f) There is no evidence at all from Mr Chi, as he was not called as a
witness.

64 The key provisions of the Subscription Agreement as drafted by first
plaintiff and sent to the defendant on 19 January 2011 are as follows:

(a) The preamble states (in brief) that:

(i) SIPL is a private company limited by shares in Singapore with an issued
and paid-up share capital of $3000 divided into 3000 ordinary shares.

(ii) Mr Chi, the investor, agreed to subscribe for new ordinary shares in SIPL
such that the investor would have 30% of the shareholding of SIPL.

(b) The key terms of the Subscription Agreement (in brief) were:

(i) The investor shall subscribe in cash and SIPL shall issue to the investor
new ordinary shares equivalent to 70% (this was later amended to 30%) of the
ordinary shares of SIPL in accordance with “Schedule 2”.

(ii) The Founders shall procure and ensure that the proceeds from the issue of
the new ordinary shares will only be used for the conduct of business and as
part of SIPL’s working capital.

(iii) Completion shall take place when all events in Schedule 2 had been
successfully completed. Schedule 2 set out a “completion timeline” which, in
gist, provided that some US$15m was to be paid to SIPL and US$5m paid to the
Founders within 6 months of the execution of the Subscription Agreement.

(iv) The Founders undertake with the Investor that they shall inter alia
procure the Founders to enter into a service agreement with SIPL before the
Completion Date, that the Founders will not resign without prior written
approval by the Investor while the Investor remains a shareholder and that the
Investor shall be appointed as a non-executive director within 2 months of the
execution of the Subscription Agreement.

65 There are no other terms or conditions or warranties. For instance, there
are no provisions on governing law or dispute resolution, nor any warranties
in respect of the Solvesam software. The Subscription Agreement also does not
impose any obligations on the Founders to procure the transfer of all rights
in the Solvesam software to SIPL.

66 The plaintiffs’ position is that the parties entered into the Subscription
Agreement with Mr Chi on or about 24 January 2011. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 58; second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 56.

This was the date when the defendant by email provided the plaintiffs with
copies of the execution page signed by Mr Chi (supra [63(d)]). However, it was
only on or around 10 February 2011, after the parties had met Mr Chi and his
group of investors in Singapore, 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 61.

that the plaintiffs and the defendant signed the execution page. The
plaintiffs say this was the first time they had met Mr Chi.

67 I pause to note that, according to the plaintiffs, the original
understanding between them and the defendant was that each Founder (ie, each
of the plaintiffs and the defendant) would receive US$1m (“Founders’ Fees”)
and that US$2m would be set aside to cover expenses. However, upon being
informed of substantial expenses incurred by the defendant to meet and
entertain Mr Chi, the plaintiffs say they agreed to increase the sum set aside
for expenses to US$2.3m and to reduce the Founder’s Fees to US$900,000 each.
95

##### Foot Note 95

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 63; second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 61.

68 The key provision of the Subscription Agreement relates to payment of the
Founders’ Fees to the plaintiffs. Under Clause 1, the Investor was to
subscribe in cash for new ordinary shares equivalent to 30% of the ordinary
shares of SIPL in accordance with Schedule 2. For convenience, I reproduce
Schedule 2 below:

Events| Payment to SIPL for allotment of new ordinary shares (USD)| Payment to
Founders (USD)| Total (USD)  
---|---|---|---  
Upon execution of Subscription Agreement| 600,000| 0| 600,000  
Within one month of execution of Subscription Agreement| 900,000| 500,000|
1,400,000  
Within two months of execution of Subscription Agreement| 3,000,000| 500,000|
3,500,000  
Within three months of execution of Subscription Agreement| 3,500,000|
1,000,000| 4,500,000  
Within six months of execution of Subscription Agreement| 7,000,000|
3,000,000| 10,000,000  
Total| 15,000,000| 5,000,000| 20,000,000  
  
69 The plaintiffs say that under the Subscription Agreement, Mr Chi was
obligated to provide funds totalling US$20m. Of this amount, US$15m was to be
paid to SIPL in five tranches. This sum represented the working capital that
the defendant agreed to raise for the Solvesam project through his Chinese
investors. The remaining US$5m was to be paid to the Founders in four
tranches. It appears that the plaintiffs’ case is that this sum set out in the
Subscription Agreement reflected the understanding and terms of the Oral
Agreement between the plaintiffs and the defendant, ie, that the Founders
would be entitled to receive US$900,000 each and another US$2.3m would
allocated for expenses of the fund-raising exercise. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

CT, 13 March 2018, pp 34 (line 18) to 35 (line 19).

70 I pause here to stress that the word “understanding” as used in the
preceding paragraphs is used loosely and as a matter of convenience to refer
to the Oral Agreement and/or understanding which the plaintiffs alleged was
reached with the defendant in late 2010 or early 2011. As noted, there is a
dispute over whether an understanding was reached at all and, if so, whether
the understanding ever resulted in a binding Oral Agreement between the
plaintiffs and the defendant.

71 I note also that the plaintiffs make reference to a “common understanding”
reached between the parties in 2010 and in respect of which they have claimed
for breach of constructive trust by the defendant. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

SOC 2 at [32].

This “common understanding” is based on three of the points of the Oral
Agreement (supra [50]):

(a) That the defendant would be responsible for raising the funds from
prospective investors from the People’s Republic of China;

(b) The funds had to be under the defendant’s control because the potential
investors’ representative only trusted the defendant; and

(c) The defendant would procure the eventual transfer and disbursement of the
funds (in the manner described at [50(g)] above).

72 The first plaintiff stated that the funds raised in accordance with the
Subscription Agreement were to be applied only for the Solvesam project and
not for any other purpose, such as the contemplated acquisition of BPI (supra
[61]). 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

CT, 15 March 2018, p 35 (lines 6–15).

But beyond this, the plaintiffs did not give a very clear picture of how they
understood the funds were to be applied under Schedule 2. When questioned
under cross-examination as to what would be the position in respect of the
Founders’ Fees if Mr Chi had only invested or raised some amount less than
US$20m, the first plaintiff responded that it was implicit or obvious that in
such a case, the Founders’ Fees would be proportionally reduced. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

CT, 13 March 2018, pp 122 (line 7) to 124 (line 8).

When queried further on how funds raised would be split under Schedule 2 as
between Founders’ Fees and costs, the reply was that 60% of each tranche (for
example, the first tranche of US$500,000) would be for Founders’ Fees and 40%
would be applied towards costs. The first plaintiff, however, accepted that
this was not provided for in the Subscription Agreement and was based on his
“common sense” understanding of Schedule 2. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

CT, 13 March 2018, pp 123 (lines 3–4).

73 Thus the overall picture, as understood by the plaintiffs, was that if Mr
Chi chose to transfer the funds from his investment vehicle to the defendant,
the defendant would transfer/allocate the funds received to SIPL and the
Founders in accordance with Schedule 2 and the understanding between the
plaintiffs and the defendant.

74 The plaintiffs’ case is that Mr Chi indeed raised and paid the US$20m, and
they were entitled to receive their share of the Founders’ Fees and, failing
that, to recover damages. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 65; second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 63.

The basis for their claim derives from (i) the Oral Agreement; (ii) fraudulent
misrepresentation and deceit; and (iii) a constructive trust arising from a
common understanding between the parties.

75 However, the evidence that Mr Chi did in fact raise US$20m and that this
amount was in fact transferred to the defendant to be transferred to SIPL for
the Solvesam project is thin. Indeed, there is no evidence at all that Mr Chi
paid any monies to the defendant.

76 Further, while there is evidence that some monies were paid into SIPL’s
bank accounts (in the manner that I shall describe later), the account
statements do not indicate who was the payee or the source of the monies, and
many of the deposits were made after the plaintiffs had decided to pull out of
the arrangement by divesting their shares in SIPL to the defendant. The total
sums paid in are also far below the US$20m that Mr Chi was supposed to raise
and invest in SIPL and Solvesam.

77 The plaintiffs, in support of their case, point to the following events or
communications that took place between February and March 2011:

(a) An email from the defendant dated 11 February 2011 enclosing a list of
software companies listed on NASDAQ. This email is said to have been part of
the defendant’s plan to lead the plaintiffs to believe that the defendant
truly intended to take SIPL through to a NASDAQ listing when in fact the
defendant was just “stringing” the plaintiffs along. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 66.

(b) An email dated 12 February 2011 from the defendant requesting materials on
Solvesam for presentation to potential investors. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 71.

(c) A series of emails in February 2011 between the plaintiffs and the
defendant on matters relating to the setting up of a subsidiary of SIPL in
Suzhou, China and the need to register Solvesam intellectual property (“IP”)
rights under the Suzhou subsidiary pursuant to regulatory and/or legal
requirements of China. Registration was apparently required in connection with
Microsoft China’s interest in using Solvesam software for law enforcement
purposes in China. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 67–70.

Funds were needed to set up the Suzhou subsidiary. Because of time
constraints, the plaintiffs decided to register the Solvesam software under
Tecbiz first and to transfer the IP registration in China to a subsidiary of
SIPL later. In this context, the defendant by an email dated 12 February 2011
informed the plaintiffs that “Ah Dong” had arrived in Hong Kong and “would
settle our bank acc by next week”. The defendant also stated that, if
necessary, he would inject some funds to start Solvesam and that he had signed
a personal guarantee on the success of Solvesam. It appears the defendant was
referring to the fact that he had been required to give a personal guarantee
to the investors under Mr Chi.

(d) The defendant raised with the first plaintiff the possibility of SIPL
acquiring BPI so as to increase the chances of a successful listing on NASDAQ.
This information was passed on by the first plaintiff to the second plaintiff.
The plaintiffs’ position is that the defendant wanted to acquire BPI because
time would be required before the fully developed Solvesam software package
could be expected to bring in sufficient profits. BPI, on the other hand, was
an existing IT company which was already earning revenue but which did not
have the resources to expand further. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 72; second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 70.

(e) Further emails were exchanged towards the end of February 2011 between the
plaintiffs and defendant on whether to proceed with registration of the
Solvesam software in China under Tecbiz. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 73–78.

The email exchange appears to have been initiated in this case by the second
plaintiff who was concerned because of the pressure from Microsoft China to
finalise certification and product registration. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 71.

The second plaintiff was concerned that the earliest registration could be
completed under an SIPL subsidiary in China would be May 2011 and that would
be too late. Indeed, by an email dated 26 February 2011, the second plaintiff
asked whether the “project is likely to KIV” and if so to let him know so that
adjustments could be made. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 72.

The defendant’s response by email was that the project was “on” and that the
planned acquisition of BPI (whose projected revenue was US$25m for 2011) would
reduce the stress of fulfilling revenues to show to the investors. Some other
points made by the defendant in his response included: 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 77.

(i) That the defendant was a director and shareholder in the fund company (ie,
the fund company that Mr Chi was using to raise funds from Chinese investors);

(ii) That the defendant was able to influence the fund company to increase the
investment to US$50m, if necessary;

(iii) That the Defendant was good at the capital market and raising
investments;

(iv) That Mr Chi and his group had made a lot of money from the defendant in
previous deals and they were investing in SIPL based solely on trust and faith
in the defendant; and

(v) The plaintiffs needed to be patient and to put their trust in the
defendant.

78 The plaintiffs point to the above emails and communications in support of
their case that the defendant was still keen on the Solvesam project and SIPL
in February 2011. In short, the plaintiffs’ case is that the defendant had not
given any indication that Mr Chi was not proceeding with his investment or had
changed his mind. On the contrary, the impression created was that all was
well and that considerable funds would soon be injected into SIPL alongside
the projected acquisition of BPI.

79 According to the plaintiffs, they subsequently discovered that there was no
evidence that BPI’s projected revenue for 2011 was US$25m. Further, the
plaintiffs point out that there is no evidence to support the defendant’s
claim to have provided personal guarantees to the investors under Mr Chi. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 79–80.

The opening of a Hong Kong bank account for SIPL

80 As mentioned, SIPL was incorporated in Singapore in December 2010, while
the Subscription Agreement is said to have been entered into around 24 January
2011. It followed that SIPL needed to open bank accounts soon after 24 January
2011 to receive the investment funds and indeed for business operations.

81 It will be recalled that Mr Chi was using a fund company, HKFXI, as his
vehicle to receive the monies from the investors. By an email dated 11 March
2011, the defendant (through his assistant) informed the plaintiffs that a
Hong Kong bank account for SIPL was to be opened with DBS Bank (Hong Kong)
Limited (“DBS Hong Kong”) to facilitate the transfer of funds from HKFXI to
SIPL. Two directors were required to open the bank account in Hong Kong. The
plaintiffs decided that the second plaintiff would open the bank account
together with the defendant. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 84–85.

82 The plaintiffs’ position is that the defendant was in control of SIPL’s
bank account in HK. This was in accordance with Mr Chi’s requirement that the
defendant should have control and be responsible for the investment monies. It
seems that although the bank formally required both directors to be
signatories for transactions exceeding HK$50,000, 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

CT, 15 March 2018, p 132 (lines 22–25),

the defendant would be able to operate the account on his own for remote
transactions as he had possession of the internet banking token. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

CT, 20 March 2018, p 13 (lines 6–22).

83 The second plaintiff, whilst one of the two authorised signatories, never
operated the account. Whilst the second plaintiff had an internet banking
token, this only enabled him to access the account for viewing purposes. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 85; second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 84.

I note there is some evidence that the second plaintiff might not have
received his token from DBS. For example, by email dated 13 May 2011, the
second plaintiff requested the defendant’s assistant to provide a copy of the
bank statement of SIPL’s DBS Hong Kong account. The statement was needed to
apply for a waiver of an office rental in Suzhou. The second plaintiff was, at
that time, based in China and since the bank statements were sent to
Singapore, he required the assistance of the defendant. It is also clear that
the defendant without delay provided copies of the bank statements for the DBS
Hong Kong account for April and May 2011 when he was requested to do so. The
statements reflected a sum of HK$31,996,200 in the account as at 13 May 2011.
115

##### Foot Note 115

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at [101] and [102].

There is nothing to suggest that the defendant tried to hide or block the
plaintiffs’ access to information on SIPL’s DBS Hong Kong account. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Certified Transcript, 13 March 2018, pp 42 (line 12) to 45 (line 10).

Developments in March 2011

84 March 2011 was a busy period for the plaintiffs and the defendant. Numerous
discussions and communications took place. These largely concerned four main
topics: (i) the opening of a bank account for SIPL in Hong Kong to receive the
investment funds (as mentioned above); (ii) setting up SIPL’s Suzhou office
and the registration and certification of the Solvesam software; (iii)
presentations and meetings with the Chinese investors in Singapore; and (iv)
the intended acquisition of BPI.

85 Given the patchy state of the evidence, a time-line for March 2011 based on
the plaintiffs’ evidence may be helpful.

(a) 1 March 2011: A test on the Solvesam software was conducted by the
Conformance Test Centre for Information Technology Standards. The test summary
concluded, inter alia, that the sample competently performed all the functions
stated in the Solvesam Enforcement User Manual. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 93.

(b) 11 March 2011: The defendant informed the Plaintiffs by email (through his
assistant) that he would be travelling to Hong Kong to open an account for
SIPL with DBS Hong Kong.

(c) 18 March 2011: The second plaintiff requested the defendant to provide the
name of the fund company involved in the fund raising exercise.

(d) 19 March 2011: The defendant informs the plaintiffs by email that the fund
company in Hong Kong was known as “Xuang Fong” together with the following
points:

(i) The fund company had agreed to transfer US$5m to SIPL in connection with
the setting up of a subsidiary in Suzhou. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 87.

(ii) DBS Hong Kong had conducted due diligence on the source of funds from
Xuang Fong.

(iii) Xuang Fong had agreed to open a DBS Hong Kong account at the same branch
to facilitate transfers.

(iv) Xuang Fong would be able to complete full financing in a few months.

(v) An office space in Singapore had been identified for SIPL which would be
confirmed if the acquisition of BPI was confirmed.

(vi) That listing by year end should be possible if the acquisition of BPI was
successful.

(vii) That 120 investors were coming to Singapore on 29 March 2011 and wished
to meet the Plaintiffs.

(e) 22 March 2011: A company called Universal Wide Investment Holdings Limited
(“UWI”) was incorporated in Hong Kong with the defendant and his assistant or
associate, Mr Chan Boon Wee, as the founding members and directors. UWI is
also known as Xuang Fong. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

CT, 19 March 2018, p 96 (lines 5–11).

(f) 23 March 2011: The defendant through his assistant, Mr Chan, requested the
first plaintiff to speak on the Solvesam software at a seminar on 30 March
2011 before potential investors in Singapore. The first plaintiff responded by
expressing surprise as to why he was asked to speak to investors as he thought
the plaintiffs were not supposed to be responsible for raising funds.
Nevertheless the first plaintiff spoke at the seminar on Solvesam software.
120

##### Foot Note 120

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 90(d).

(g) 23 March 2011: The defendant by email raised the need to hold discussions
on the paid-up capital for a Chinese subsidiary in Suzhou. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 95.

(h) 24 March 2011: The second plaintiff by email informed the first plaintiff
and the defendant of Microsoft China’s urgent demand that the Solvesam product
be made available for sale in China. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 97; second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 97.

Other points raised by the second plaintiff included the following.

(i) Tecbiz had been registered as the owner of copyright in the Solvesam
software.

(ii) Potential activities in April included presentations to various Chinese
governmental and judicial bodies as well as registration of Solvesam as a
product for marketing and sale in China.

(iii) While some local clients such as Microsoft China were expecting local
sales by April 2011, the second plaintiff’s impression was that the earliest
that the SIPL subsidiary could be registered was April 2011 with completion
possibly in June 2011. For this reason, the second plaintiff had revived
contacts with some potential resellers who would “import” Solvesam into China.

(iv) That DBS Hong Kong had yet to confirm when SIPL’s bank account in Hong
Kong would be opened.

(v) That design work would have to commence on a brochure for Solvesam Web
(ie, SS V.1.25) for Microsoft.

(i) 24 March 2011: The defendant by email sent the plaintiffs a profile of BPI
and its subsidiary, Quantum Consultancy Services Pte Ltd (“Quantum”) together
with information about BPI’s auditors and lawyers. The second plaintiff, who
was in China, requested for more information on the details of the proposed
acquisition, including the percentage share swap, who would be the controlling
shareholder after the transaction, the structure of the board of directors and
how the deal would affect the understanding reached over the initial
allocation of funds. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 106; second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 108.

(j) 31 March 2011: The first plaintiff had a discussion with BPI on the
arrangements for the new office premises as well as other details relating to
the planned acquisition, such as the corporate structure of SIPL and
accounting matters. The first plaintiff’s understanding at this stage was that
SIPL would buy out all shareholders in BPI and issue new shares in SIPL to BPI
shareholders. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 107

(k) End March 2011: The defendant personally provided the first plaintiff with
a cheque for S$200,000. According to the first plaintiff, this was pursuant to
a request made by the first plaintiff in February 2011 for an advance on his
US$900,000 Founders’ Fees entitlement.

86 The plaintiffs’ case is that the time-line for March 2011 clearly
establishes that the defendant was proceeding on the basis of the Oral
Agreement and understanding that they had earlier reached. The email of 19
March 2011 allegedly shows that the defendant was proceeding with fundraising
for the Solvesam project for SIPL and that he never raised any issues or
doubts over the uniqueness, functionality and prospects for Solvesam software.
125

##### Foot Note 125

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 89.

87 Further, the plaintiffs take the point that there would be no need to have
discussions on setting up the Suzhou subsidiary if the defendant was already
harbouring doubts on the viability of the Solvesam project. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 96.

88 As will be seen, the defendant’s position is quite different. According to
the defendant, issues had arisen over the uniqueness and functionality of the
Solvesam software and there were doubts over the prospects for SIPL if its
success was to be based solely on the Solvesam project. It appears that the
defendant’s concern was that it would take some time for the Solvesam project
to develop into a fully operational cloud platform. Indeed, in answer to
questions from the Court, the first plaintiff agreed that to achieve NASDAQ
listing, SIPL would need a finished product that was tried and tested. Further
developing the product was one thing; whether it was successful to the public
was quite a different matter. The first plaintiff’s estimate was that it would
take about two years to develop the product and that their hope was to go for
a NASDAQ listing about a year or so thereafter. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

CT, 15 March 2018, pp 72 (line 4) to 73 (line 25).

The defendant therefore took the view that the acquisition of BPI was
necessary to improve the prospects for SIPL. Further, once Mr Chi decided to
pull out of the planned US$20m investment (because of his concerns over the
Solvesam software), the acquisition and development of BPI became the main
goal and not just a supporting business for SIPL.

89 It is clear that during March 2011, the first plaintiff and defendant were
moving forward on the acquisition of BPI by SIPL. The second plaintiff, who
was in China, was kept aware of the discussions by the first plaintiff. The
acquisition of BPI had become a key element in the plan to raise funds for
SIPL and the hoped for eventual listing on NASDAQ. Indeed, as mentioned (see
[85(d)(v)] above) the defendant informed the plaintiffs that arrangements for
office premises in Singapore for SIPL was pegged to the successful acquisition
of BPI. While the first plaintiff appeared to have no issue with the planned
acquisition BPI, the second plaintiff had requested for more information from
time to time (see [85(i)] above).

The first plaintiff sells his Tecbiz shares to the defendant

90 The shareholding of the plaintiffs and the defendant in Tecbiz at the start
of 2011 was still as follows:

(a) The first plaintiff held 45%;

(b) The second plaintiff held 25%; and

(c) The defendant held 30%.

91 According to the first plaintiff, sometime around March or April 2011, the
defendant requested the first plaintiff to sell him 7.5% of Tecbiz shares so
that he would appear to be the “boss” of Tecbiz. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 134.

The first plaintiff agreed and transferred 7.5% of the shares to the defendant
for S$200,000. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

CT, 13 March 2018, p 66 (lines 6–7).

The defendant now owned 37.5% of Tecbiz, while the first and second plaintiffs
owned 37.5% and 25% respectively.

92 I pause to note that while the first plaintiff claims that he sold the
shares to the defendant for S$200,000 the documentation on the share transfer
(including documents relating to the payment of stamp duty) states the
consideration as being S$100,000. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Defendant’s AEIC, JLTY-42, pp 601–602.

The first plaintiff was unable to offer a satisfactory explanation for this
discrepancy, save to offer that he must have failed to notice the error in the
transfer documents on the sale price. As will be seen, the defendant’s case is
that the correct sale price was indeed S$100,000 which was paid to the first
plaintiff in cash. The defendant’s position is that a separate S$200,000
cheque payment made out by him to the first plaintiff was nothing more than a
loan to the first plaintiff. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 129.

The relevance of this point to the defendant’s counterclaim will become
clearer shortly.

Acquisition of BPI

93 Evidence as to when the agreement was struck between SIPL and BPI is
somewhat unclear. By April 2011, the business plan for SIPL had changed, by
which I mean that the original plan to raise funds ofUS$20m to develop the
Solvesam software and to achieve a listing of SIPL on NASDAQ had morphed into
a business model wherein the acquisition of BPI was going to play a key part.
The plan now was for SIPL to buy over BPI’s assets and business in exchange
for shares in SIPL. Discussions and communications took place between the
plaintiffs and the defendant on a draft Business Transfer Agreement (“BTA”)
with the plaintiffs expressing concerns that the terms were too favourable for
BPI. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 112.

94 Sometime during April 2011, the defendant apparently informed the
plaintiffs that he had already signed a BTA on behalf of SIPL. The plaintiffs
were unhappy with the terms and requested negotiations for a supplemental
agreement. The defendant carried out negotiations for a supplemental agreement
in May 2011. During this time, the plaintiffs met BPI staff including members
of BPI’s technical team.

95 It seems that two meetings took place during which there were discussions
of Solvesam’s functionality and capabilities. A planned demonstration of the
existing Solvesam software at the first meeting apparently did not take place
because of technical issues. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

CT, 21 March 2018, p 175 (lines 19–24).

96 The second meeting (attended only by the second plaintiff) on 20 May 2011
is described as being “useful” and “positive” with an idea discussed to
research development of an Appstore hardware box. Apparently, this feature
would assist in reaching the goal of SS V3.

97 The second plaintiff states that while BPI staff raised the point that
features that SIPL intended to develop for Solvesam were available in the US
market, the second plaintiff took this as a positive sign that SIPL was
developing the product in the right direction. According to the second
plaintiff, the goal was to develop Solvesam with minimal resources and as
quickly as possible so that by marketing the next version of Solvesam in
China, they would be one of the first to introduce those features to the
Chinese market. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 117.

98 The plaintiffs’ general point, once again, is that there would be no reason
for BPI to hold technical discussions with the plaintiffs in May 2011 if SIPL
had already decided to abandon the Solvesam project. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 118.

99 The negotiations for a supplemental agreement were, however, apparently
unsuccessful. The supplemental agreement was never signed. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 116.

What was left was the BTA entered into by the defendant on behalf of SIPL.

100 In early June 2011, the plaintiffs assert that they reached an agreement
with the defendant on how the shares of SIPL were to be allocated between the
plaintiffs and the defendant post-acquisition of BPI’s business. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 120 and TSW 12, p 740.

The points of this agreement are as follows.

(a) The plaintiffs and the defendant would collectively hold 51% shares in
SIPL. The remainder of the shares would be held by the investors sourced by Mr
Chi as per the Subscription Agreement.

(b) BPI would hold 15% of the 51% shares of the plaintiffs and defendant.

(c) The first and second plaintiffs would each hold 10.33% of the shares in
SIPL. The defendant would hold 15.33% of the shares in SIPL so that he
retained control, as per the wishes of Mr Chi.

(d) Since the plaintiffs each held 33.33% shares in SIPL at the time, they
would each transfer 23% of the shares (690 shares each) to the defendant for
transfer to BPI, Mr Chi and the investors. The end result was that the
plaintiffs each had a 10.33% share in SIPL.

101 On 6 June 2011, the plaintiffs signed the SIPL directors’ resolution and
instruments of transfer, transferring 690 shares each to the defendant. The
plaintiffs assert that the defendant continued to represent that they would be
paid the Founders’ Fees of US$900,000 each (less S$200,000 for the first
plaintiff, as he claims to have received this sum by way of an advance).

102 Further, around 3 June 2011, the second plaintiff requested DBS Hong Kong
to provide a reference letter in respect of SIPL’s account for the purposes of
registering Solvesam International (Suzhou) Co Ltd as a subsidiary for SIPL.
The reference letter which was provided around 9 June 2011 stated that the
bank balance as at 8 June 2011 was an “eight-figure” sum in Hong Kong dollars.
138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 103.

Requests by the plaintiffs for payment of the Founders’ Fees

103 The plaintiffs’ case is that between May and June 2011, they raised the
issue of the payment of Founders’ Fees with the Defendant on two occasions:
First, in early May 2011 at a café in Siglap; and secondly, sometime around 20
June 2011 at the St Regis hotel in Singapore. There is, however, no
contemporaneous documentary evidence of these discussions.

104 The plaintiffs’ evidence is that the defendant did not reject or deny that
they were entitled to Founders’ Fees. Instead, the defendant is alleged to
have essentially adopted stalling tactics by insisting he was too busy to
physically attend at SIPL’s bank in Hong Kong to arrange for the payments to
be made. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 122.

Circumstances leading to the plaintiffs’ withdrawal from SIPL

105 On 29 June 2011, Tecbiz received an email from a Mr Hu concerning Solvesam
and Tecbiz (“the Hu Email”). 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 140.

The first plaintiff was concerned as the email set out false or incorrect
statements including:

(a) That Solvesam was being used by the Singapore Government and government-
linked agencies including the Police and a “government airline”.

(b) Microsoft had provided 50,000 user accounts for a clinical trial of
Solvesam (whereas in truth Microsoft had only provided 500 user accounts).

(c) Solvesam had the capability of revealing the browsing history of users and
whether, when and where the user’s account had been hacked.

(d) Microsoft had proposed a purchase price of US$80m for Solvesam.

(e) SIPL had applied for 3 patents.

106 The plaintiffs were also concerned because the Hu Email stated that Xuang
Fong was the source of the following falsehoods: (a) Tecbiz (not SIPL) was
raising funds for the Solvesam project; and (b) Tecbiz (not SIPL) would
eventually be listed on NASDAQ. The plaintiffs were also worried that the
falsehoods might damage the relationship with Microsoft China. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 145–147.

107 The plaintiffs’ fears worsened after the first plaintiff investigated the
source of the falsehoods on 29 June 2011 only to discover a blog-post hosted
on a Chinese website, http://blog.sina.com.cn/s/blog_779f04da0100q3n9.html,
(“the Blog Post”) which also made false or misleading statements similar to
those set out in the Hu Email.

108 The first plaintiff forwarded a Portable Document Format (“PDF”) copy of
the Blog Post to the defendant and the second plaintiff and complained in
strong language about the falsehoods. The first plaintiff’s view was that the
defendant was the source of the falsehoods because the website appeared to be
connected with Xuang Fong and also made references to TECM and Hu Bei Min Kang
Pharmaceutical Limited, both of which were companies which the defendant was
involved. The defendant took the position that he had nothing to do with the
falsehoods. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 148.

109 On 30 June 2011, the first plaintiff replied to sender of the Hu Email,
stating, inter alia, that Tecbiz was an independent company which had no
connections with Xuang Fong/UWI. The first plaintiff also stated that certain
stakeholders in Tecbiz had explored the possibility of collaborating with UWI
to develop Solvesam through SIPL but that “nothing has been finalised”. The
first plaintiff’s email also set out a list of statements made in the Hu Email
which were objected to as being inaccurate. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 154.

110 The plaintiffs say the Hu Email and the Blog Post caused them to lose
trust in the defendant. Despite the defendant’s denials, the plaintiffs took
the view that only someone with knowledge of Tecbiz and the Solvesam project
would be able to post such falsehoods or half-truths. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 157–158.

For example, one of the false or misleading statements was that Solvesam had
the capability of revealing the browsing history of users. This was not true.
While Solvesam had the ability to determine if the user was using pirated
software and to identify the IP address of the user, it could not discover the
browsing history of the user. Further, while Microsoft had recommended the
Solvesam software on its website and recommended the software to the
Intellectual Property Office of China, there was no Microsoft proposal to
purchase Solvesam, let alone one for US$80m.

111 The plaintiffs argue that by virtue of the defendant’s alleged
dissemination of the falsehoods, he was in repudiatory breach of the
understanding and Oral Agreement between the parties that (i) the funds would
be raised in the name of SIPL with no link back to Tecbiz; and (ii) SIPL would
be eventually listed on NASDAQ. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 83.

In my view, while the online falsehoods were understandably irritating and
worrying to the plaintiffs, it is hard to see how they meant that the
defendant was acting in breach of his undertaking or agreement to raise funds
with no link back to Tecbiz.

112 The point has been made already that Solvesam did originate from Tecbiz.
It was Tecbiz which had an established business and reputation in the market.
The plaintiffs wanted to ensure that the core forensic IT business of Tecbiz
remained intact and with Tecbiz, and to isolate Tecbiz from the consequences
of any legal issues or problems at SIPL. To be sure, a statement that Tecbiz
would be listed on NASDAQ and would head the Solvesam project (or words to
that effect) would need to be corrected – lest investors were misled. But
given the long relationship between the plaintiffs and defendant and all the
facts and circumstances, the plaintiffs appear to have been very quick to draw
the conclusion that the defendant had no intention to use SIPL as the Project
Company for the development of Solvesam and the eventual NASDAQ listing.

113 The plaintiffs say that by around the end of June 2011 they had come to
the conclusion that the defendant never intended to act on the representations
that he had made to the plaintiffs in late 2010 or early 2011 that he would
raise funds for the Solvesam project in SIPL’s name and not Tecbiz’s; and that
he would list SIPL on NASDAQ. They concluded that the defendant was simply
making use of their names and the Solvesam project to “raise funds” and to
“subsequently siphon the [f]unds to line his own pockets”. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 159.

That is a serious charge: it is an allegation that the defendant was acting
fraudulently from the outset.

Discovery of more online falsehoods

114 The plaintiffs say that in early July 2011 they discovered other websites
which had published other half-truths and falsehoods which they believe to
have been attributable to the defendant. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 160–162.

In brief, these were:

(a) A website hosted at www.pe668.com containing similar half-truths to that
contained in the Blog Post.

(b) Another website hosted at www.xiangmantang.com falsely stating that Tecbiz
was aiming for a NASDAQ listing in 2012 and that UWI/Xuang Fong had been
appointed to develop Tecbiz’s initial offerings project.

(c) Telephone conversations between the plaintiffs and a Mr Wang who claimed
to represent “Xi An Yongze Network and Technology” which was apparently
interested in a partnership with Tecbiz and who was allegedly referred to the
plaintiffs by UWI/Xuang Fong.

(d) A website that appeared to be the website of UWI/Xuang Fong which stated
the defendant was the Chairman of UWI/Xuang Fong and Mr Chan was the director.
The website also referred to TECM as a company listed on NASDAQ.

The plaintiffs resign and withdraw from SIPL

115 In summary, the plaintiffs say that by end June and early July 2011, there
was a good deal of confusion over what was happening. Microsoft China was keen
on the Solvesam software being launched and made available to its customers
and users. The plaintiffs were concerned that the half-truths and confusion
would hurt the relationship with Microsoft China. In fact, the plaintiffs say
that they were by then convinced that the defendant never intended to use SIPL
to develop Solvesam and was simply stringing them along in an elaborate scam.

116 It will be recalled the first plaintiff had more direct contact and
discussions with the defendant on SIPL, BPI and the Solvesam project. Indeed,
it is clear that the second plaintiff on several occasions asked the first
plaintiff and defendant for more information so that he could better
understand what was the state of the arrangements.

117 By 1 July 2011, the second plaintiff had decided that he wanted to
withdraw from SIPL. On that date, the second plaintiff, by email to the
defendant (copying the first plaintiff) sent in his notice of resignation and
indicated his total withdrawal from “the Solvesam company including the
Singapore and Suzhou companies under Solvesam”. In resigning, the second
plaintiff referred to (amongst other things) his dissatisfaction over the lack
of progress in meetings and his recent discoveries of the online falsehoods.
He also stated that “the business approach and work” did not suit him and that
he wanted to be removed immediately as shareholder and director of SIPL. The
second plaintiff also asked for details on those who would be assigned to take
over his duties so that he could make preparations to hand over the
preparatory work and provide them with the necessary information. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 163; second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 153.

This included information on the progress of the setting up of the Suzhou
office for SIPL and the approval to register SIPL Suzhou’s Chinese name.

118 The second plaintiff’s resignation took place amidst the plaintiffs’
discovery of the various online falsehoods summarised in the previous section.
The first plaintiff’s position is that sometime around 3 or 4 July 2011, he
and the defendant had a heated discussion during which the defendant denied
publishing the false information and claimed that he was carrying out his own
investigations on who was responsible. The defendant, however, refused to
publish corrections on the Tecbiz website until his own investigations were
completed. When the question of resignation cropped up, the first plaintiff’s
position was that if the plaintiffs did resign then (i) the plaintiffs’ shares
in SIPL would be sold to the defendant; (ii) the Solvesam project could no
longer be carried out by SIPL; (iii) SIPL should change its name by removing
the word Solvesam; and (iv) that Tecbiz and Solvesam logos as well as images
of the plaintiffs were to be taken out of the defendant’s presentation
materials and websites. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 165—166.

119 I pause to note that the intellectual property rights in the Solvesam
software still belonged to Tecbiz. The plaintiffs’ position (which the
defendant agrees with) was that when they resigned from SIPL, the
understanding or agreement reached with the defendant on fundraising and the
Solvesam project in late 2010 or early 2011 was over. The plaintiffs had
worked hard to develop Tecbiz and the Solvesam software and upon their
resignation, SIPL and its Suzhou subsidiary would have no part or interest in
the Solvesam software. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 167.

120 The first plaintiff also asserts that when he asked the defendant what he
would do with the funds already raised, the defendant’s response, which the
first plaintiff states he did not believe, was that he would wind down SIPL
and return the funds to the investors. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 168.

The plaintiffs’ case is that there is no evidence that the funds were ever
returned and that the defendant simply siphoned the funds raised for his
personal benefit. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 45.

121 On 4 July 2011, the second plaintiff informed the defendant of his
resignation as director and Chief Operating Officer of Tecbiz. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 158.

122 On 5 July 2011, the first plaintiff received from the defendant the share
transfer forms for SIPL. The first plaintiff replied by email to the defendant
(copying the second plaintiff) repeating the need for SIPL to change its name
and logo by deleting references to Solvesam. Sometime around 5 July 2011, the
second plaintiff also informed the first plaintiff of his resignation from
Tecbiz.

123 According to the first plaintiff, he met Mr Chi in Shanghai on 12 July
2011. Mr Chi allegedly said he did not know why the funds had not been
transferred to SIPL as the monies had come into Xuang Fong. Mr Chi also stated
that the defendant had informed him that US$20m would be used by SIPL, but
that he had no knowledge that any part of this money was meant to be applied
towards the payment of Founders’ Fees. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 176.

Mr Chi apparently then agreed to meet the defendant with the first plaintiff
on the next day. The meeting on 12 July 2011 was apparently arranged by the
first plaintiff who had Mr Chi’s telephone number. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

CT, 14 March 2018, p 105 (line 11).

124 On 13 July 2011, the first plaintiff met the defendant in Shanghai.
According to the first plaintiff, the defendant informed him that Mr Chi had
changed his mind about attending the meeting. At this meeting, the defendant
is said to have repeated his statement that he would wind down SIPL and return
all the monies to the investors. Again, the first plaintiff says that he did
not believe the defendant. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 179.

125 After the meeting on 13 July 2011, the first plaintiff also decided to
resign from SIPL. The plaintiffs signed the SIPL share transfer forms which
recorded the sale of their shares in SIPL to the defendant for S$1 each. The
resignations were backdated to 29 June 2011 because that was just before they
discovered the online falsehoods. By doing this, the plaintiffs intended to
demonstrate their disagreement with the falsehoods. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 181 and 182.

126 I note that the defendant avers that there was no meeting on 12 July 2011
between Mr Chi and the first plaintiff. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

CT, 14 March 2018, p 111 (lines 2 – 10).

It was suggested to the first plaintiff in cross-examination that if he had
been concerned about dissociating himself from the online falsehoods, and if
he had disbelieved the defendant’s claim that he would return the funds raised
to the investors, he would have informed Mr Chi of this. The first plaintiff’s
answer was that it did not occur to him to do this, that this was not his
responsibility and, in any case, Mr Chi and the defendant could be in cahoots.
159

##### Foot Note 159

×

CT, 14 March 2018, pp 108 (line 23) to 111 (line 5).

127 Once again there is no contemporaneous documentary evidence to confirm and
summarise the meetings which allegedly took place on 12 and 13 July 2011
between the first plaintiff, Mr Chi and the defendant.

Events after the plaintiffs’ withdrawal from SIPL

SIPL’s change of name

128 On 18 July 2011, SIPL changed its name to SSI Holdings Ltd (SSI). On the
same day, Tecbiz added statements in its China facing websites (to address the
online falsehoods). The statements clarified that (i) Tecbiz is an independent
company that was not in partnership with UWI; (ii) Tecbiz does not have plans
for a listing; (iii) the plaintiffs had not signed any employment agreement
with UWI or SIPL; (iv) that Tecbiz does not have any agreement with any party
regarding the transfer of copyright in Solvesam.

Use of Solvesam material by UWI after the plaintiffs’ withdrawal from SIPL

129 The plaintiffs have referred to the fact that UWI appears to have
continued using Solvesam material in some presentations after the plaintiffs
had resigned from SIPL. The plaintiffs say this is consistent with their case
that the planned fund-raising exercise was successful and that Mr Chi had
indeed come through with the funds, but the defendant hid that fact from them.
The defendant’s general response was that he played no part in those
presentations – after it became clear to him that Mr Chi was not proceeding
with the investment plans, there was no need for him to remain in UWI, which
had been set up as a fund investment vehicle on Mr Chi’s instructions, and
accordingly he resigned in May 2011.

130 What is clear is that, by resigning from SIPL, any agreement between the
plaintiffs and the defendant was effectively terminated by the plaintiffs.
They were no longer directors or shareholders of SIPL. Further, the second
plaintiff also resigned from Tecbiz and sold his entire interest to the
defendant, leaving the defendant the clear majority owner of Tecbiz. That
being so, if Tecbiz decided to continue with the development of Solvesam (to
the extent that it could do so, after the departure of the second plaintiff as
well as other staff resignations from 2011–2012), this was surely Tecbiz’s
right to do so.

Sale of second plaintiff’s shares in Tecbiz

131 According to the first plaintiff, the second plaintiff informed him around
17 July 2011 that the defendant had offered to purchase the second plaintiff’s
shares in Tecbiz. The defendant had reportedly reassured the second plaintiff
that he would on-sell his shares to the first plaintiff. The first plaintiff
disbelieved the defendant’s claim that he would on-sell the second plaintiff’s
shares to him (the first plaintiff), but advised the second plaintiff that he
should accept the offer, as he felt it was better for the second plaintiff to
sell the shares so that he would have some money in hand. The first plaintiff
states that he did not share with the second plaintiff his reservations or
skepticism over the defendant’s statement that he would on-sell the shares to
the first plaintiff because he did not want to influence the second
plaintiff’s decision as to whether he should sell his Tecbiz shares to the
defendant. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 187.

132 On or about 26 July 2011, the second plaintiff sold his shares in Tecbiz
to the defendant for S$100,000. The sale of the second plaintiff’s shares
meant the defendant was now the majority shareholder with 62.5% of the Tecbiz
shares and the first plaintiff holding 37.5%. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 188 and 189.

133 The first plaintiff claims that, just as he expected, the defendant never
transferred the second plaintiff’s Tecbiz shares to the first plaintiff and
that it was now clear that the second plaintiff had been tricked by the
defendant into selling his Tecbiz shares, so that the defendant could obtain
the majority shareholding and control of Tecbiz. Given that Tecbiz was still
the owner of the Solvesam software, the defendant would have to obtain control
of Tecbiz to ensure that he could still raise funds using the Solvesam
software after the plaintiffs withdrew from SIPL. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 190.

134 In my view, it is somewhat odd that the first plaintiff should state that
it was now clear the second plaintiff had been “tricked” into selling his
shares. After all, according to the first plaintiff, when the second plaintiff
told him that the defendant had offered to buy his Tecbiz shares, the first
plaintiff never believed that the defendant genuinely intended to transfer
those shares onwards to the first plaintiff. On this basis, surely the first
plaintiff’s position was that he already knew the defendant was deceiving the
second plaintiff.

135 Indeed, as I have mentioned, the first plaintiff has claimed that by end
June 2011 or early July 2011, he no longer trusted the defendant “as a
business partner” 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 157.

and believed that the defendant was simply making use of the plaintiffs and
the Solvesam project to “line his own pockets.” 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 159.

That being so, his evidence that he did not want to share his reservations
with the second plaintiff because of fear that it might affect his decision to
sell the shares to the defendant, is hard to accept. The first plaintiff
appears to be suggesting that even though it may have been in his interest to
stop the sale of the Tecbiz shares to the defendant, he decided to keep his
reservations about the defendant to himself, purely because the sale was in
the interests of the second plaintiff.

136 The second plaintiff’s evidence is that initially he was not interested in
selling his Tecbiz shares to the defendant because Tecbiz’s forensic
investigation business was still doing well and he was confident that the
first plaintiff would still be able to continue that business. The second
plaintiff goes on to explain that he was subsequently persuaded by the
defendant to change his mind. The defendant had represented that he was very
saddened by the fact that the first plaintiff no longer trusted him and, for
this reason, the defendant’s plan was to buy the second plaintiff’s shares for
S$100,000 and to transfer them to the first plaintiff for S$1, in order to
regain the first plaintiff’s trust. The second plaintiff claims that he was
moved by the defendant’s statements, even though he had doubt about the
defendant’s business methods. He believed the defendant was sincere in his
statement that he would transfer the Tecbiz shares to the first plaintiff. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 177–178.

137 With respect, the second plaintiff’s explanation as to why he was
purportedly convinced by the apparent sincerity of the defendant’s offer to
buy and transfer the shares to the first plaintiff is hard to accept. The
second plaintiff, like the first plaintiff, had stated several times (by
reference to earlier dates and events) that he no longer trusted the
defendant. Indeed, the lack of trust was so bad that the second plaintiff even
refused to attend the meeting in Shanghai between the first plaintiff and
defendant on 11 July 2011. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 162.

138 Regardless of why the second plaintiff decided to sell his interest in
Tecbiz to the defendant, the result was that he gave control of Tecbiz to the
defendant at a time when Tecbiz still had (i) its core forensic business; and
(ii) the legal rights over the Solvesam software. The first plaintiff, who
supported the sale, can hardly claim to have been surprised.

Resignation of the first plaintiff from Tecbiz

139 The first plaintiff subsequently resigned as director and Chief Executive
Officer of Tecbiz with his last official work day being 31 December 2011. The
first plaintiff’s evidence is that he resigned because even though it pained
him to leave Tecbiz, which he describes as “his baby”, the defendant’s conduct
was so dubious that the first plaintiff did not want any further part of the
Solvesam project. The only way for the first plaintiff to cut his ties with
the Solvesam project was to resign from Tecbiz. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 191.

That said, it appears that the first plaintiff remains, to this day, the owner
of 37.5% of the shares in Tecbiz.

What has happened to Tecbiz, SIPL and Solvesam?

140 The evidence as to what happened to the Solvesam software, UWI, SIPL, and
Tecbiz after July 2011 is hazy. With the departure of the second plaintiff
from SIPL in early July 2011, the resignation of the first plaintiff in
December 2011 and further resignations of other staff of Tecbiz in 2012,
including Mr Tan, 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

CT, 14 March 2018, p 93 (lines 20–24).

it appears that the Solvesam project ground to a halt. What was left of Tecbiz
was its core business in computer forensics but it seems that this also did
not develop further and likely atrophied in the months and years after the
departure of the plaintiffs. It also appears that the defendant sold his
shares in Tecbiz to a Mr Goh Cher Kian sometime in 2012. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

CT, 21 March 2018, pp 14 (line 23) to 15 (line12).

141 As noted (supra [129]), the plaintiffs refer to a number of events after
their resignation which they assert indicates that even with their departure,
UWI and SIPL was still publicly demonstrating an interest or connection with
the Solvesam software in 2012 and 2013. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 202 and 203.

The events are, in brief, as follows:

(a) 17 December 2011: UWI issued an announcement that SIPL had inter alia
successfully acquired two other IT companies as well as the online Solvesam
Web IT resource management tool from Tecbiz and that SIPL was preparing for a
NASDAQ listing in 2013.

(b) 10 April 2012: UWI announcement that SIPL had been successfully listed on
NASDAQ

(c) 14 August 2013: The defendant was still named on UWI’s website as the
President.

142 The point made is that the defendant must have been aware of and consented
to these announcements. They are said to support the plaintiffs’ position that
the defendant did in fact raise funds for the Solvesam project as per the
original understanding or agreement, and that he failed to disclose or had
hidden that fact from the plaintiffs. As mentioned, the defendant denies any
connection with these announcements and asserts that he had resigned from his
directorship of UWI in May 2011.

The source of funds in SIPL’s DBS Hong Kong account

143 As noted, a key part of the plaintiffs’ case is that the defendant was
obliged to pay them the Founders’ Fees pursuant to their understanding or Oral
Agreement, because the defendant had in fact raised the funds from Mr Chi for
the purpose of the Solvesam project. In support of this, the plaintiffs rely
on the fact that large sums of monies were remitted to SIPL’s DBS Hong Kong
bank account. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 212.

While the total amount falls far short of the US$20m that was originally
envisaged, the plaintiffs’ case is that the defendant likely placed the
balance monies elsewhere. Alternatively, they assert that they are at least
entitled to their Founders’ Fees on a pro rata basis, according to the amounts
remitted to the DBS Hong Kong bank account.

144 The bank statements in evidence (as summarised by a table prepared by the
plaintiffs) 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, p 45.

reveal the following deposits into SIPL’s HK bank account in 2011:

(a) 4 April 2011: HK$200,000

(b) 7 April 2011: HK$9,000,000

(c) 21 April 2011: HK$24,000,000

(d) 20 May 2011: HK$15,000,000

(e) 17 August 2011: HK$25,000,000.

145 Based on the evidence before the Court, the total sum of HK$73,200,000 was
deposited into SIPL’s bank account in Hong Kong in 2011. This is approximately
US$9.5m.

146 It also appears from the bank statements that the following remittances or
transfers were made in 2011 from SIPL’s DBS Hong Kong bank account to SIPL’s
OCBC account in Singapore, totaling some HK$13,779,000:

(a) 26 April 2011: HK$100,000

(b) 26 April 2011: HK$100,000

(c) 27 April 2011: HK$500,000

(d) 27 April 2011: HK$500,000

(e) 4 August 2011: HK$6,500,000

(f) 14 November 2011: HK$2,432,800

(g) 14 November 2011: HK$1,824,600

(h) 14 November 2011: HK$1,821,600.

147 In addition, the bank statements in evidence show large withdrawals from
SIPL’s DBS Hong Kong bank account in favour of the defendant and other
individuals and companies. A few examples will be sufficient:

(a) Remittance of HK$8.4m to Mr Wei Shean Peng on 19 August 2011.

(b) Remittance of HK$1,835,700 to Quantum Consultancy on 18 October 2011.

(c) Remittance of HK$3,200,000 to Forever Beauty Ind.com on 15 December 2011.

(d) Remittance of HK$23,478,000 to the defendant on 19 July 2012.

(e) Remittance of HK$500,000 to Mr Chan Boon Wee (the defendant’s
assistant/associate) on 8 January 2014.

148 The plaintiffs’ general point is that the evidence supports their case
that the defendant was successful in raising funds for SIPL and that, in the
circumstances, the inference must be that those funds were raised in
accordance with the original plan for the Solvesam project as conceived in
late 2010 and early 2011. The plaintiffs say that the defendant used the
monies raised for his own purposes (whatever those purposes may have been).
173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 7.

Overview of the defendant’s case

149 The defendant denies the plaintiffs’ claims. In brief, according to the
defendant, the plaintiffs presented a business proposal for the Solvesam
project to him in 2009. However, from February 2011, the defendant discovered
or was given information that the plaintiffs had exaggerated and
misrepresented the uniqueness and functionality of Solvesam and its business
prospects. It was collectively decided by the parties that the Solvesam
project would be discontinued. The plaintiffs’ subsequent resignation as
directors and their sale of shares in SIPL were done amicably. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Defence and Counterclaim, paras 10(a), (b), (d) and 13.

The defendant denies that he initiated the discussions with the plaintiffs on
the possibility of his arranging for substantial investments with the goal of
developing the Solvesam project and listing SIPL.

150 Further, the defendant asserts that in or around March 2011, he had
extended two personal loans to the first plaintiff, totalling S$400,000, when
the first plaintiff was short on cash to pay for renovation works on his
house. The defendant, thus, counterclaimed for payment of the S$400,000 from
the first plaintiff. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Defence and Counterclaim, paras 16 and 29(1).

151 The defendant is in broad agreement with the plaintiffs as to how they
became friends and then business associates in Tecbiz. His evidence is also
that he had more contact and discussions with the first plaintiff than with
the second plaintiff. In many cases, the defendant appears to have assumed
that the first plaintiff would inform the second plaintiff of the discussions
such as those relating to the acquisition of BPI. Most of the discussions were
either face-to-face or through the telephone. The defendant explains that he
is not a frequent user of computer technology and while he does have email
accounts, he preferred verbal discussions with the plaintiffs, rather than
more formal communications, such as emails, because they were his friends. In
general, the defendant states that his business with the plaintiffs was
conducted on the basis of friendship and trust. The essence of the defendant’s
evidence is also that he preferred to eschew documentation until all details
relating to a transaction were finalised.

152 Even in light of the defendant’s claims in this regard, the absence of
some key documents is somewhat surprising. For example, the Subscription
Agreement which was translated into Chinese and shown to Mr Chi for his
approval and signing was not put in evidence at all. The defendant claimed
that he was unable to locate his copy. Mr Chi also did not testify. Indeed, it
appears that neither the plaintiffs nor the defendant were able to locate Mr
Chi. The first plaintiff’s evidence was that he tried to contact Mr Chi after
July 2011 but was unable to because Mr Chi had changed his phone number. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

CT, 14 March 2018, p 51, (lines 11–18).

The first plaintiff asserts that in an attempt find Mr Chi, he searched the
Internet for HKFXI (the company Mr Chi had signed the Subscription Agreement
on behalf of), only to come across a news article on a Chinese website stating
that HKFXI was involved in a Ponzi scam. Yet when asked if this meant it was
possible Mr Chi was raising monies from investors using the name of the
Solvesam project to keep for himself, the first plaintiff’s response was that
he did not know as this would be speculation. His view was that the plaintiffs
had been tricked by the defendant. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

CT, 14 March 2018, pp 52 (lines 2–21) and 56 (lines 5–16).

153 Another transaction for which documentation is surprisingly lacking is the
BTA signed by SIPL and BPI (supra [93]). It is odd that the defendant was
unable to locate the actual signed copy. Instead what was in evidence was a
draft. Likewise, Mr Chang, the Chief Technical Officer of BPI, who gave
evidence for the defendant, did not exhibit the BTA. The result is that while
it is clear that some sort of agreement resembling the BTA had been entered
into between SIPL and BPI, and that a draft BTA was put in evidence, there is
uncertainty as to what the terms of the actual BTA were. That said, the
defendant did at least, during trial, obtain a signed copy from BPI – which
copy was undated with certain details such as the consideration not set out.
178

##### Foot Note 178

×

CT, 21 March 2018, p 4 (lines 14–18); pp 5–12.

154 While a more complete picture of the terms of the BTA might have been
helpful in the assessment of the evidence concerning the importance of BPI to
SIPL and its relationship with the Solvesam project, for the purposes of this
case, it is at least established that a BTA-of-sorts was signed before the
plaintiffs had resigned from SIPL, and that SIPL and BPI subsequently
terminated the BTA by consent and went their separate ways. Further, the first
plaintiff accepts that he knew of the BPI acquisition and that he was actively
involved and even assisted in putting up the budget for the post-acquisition
period. The first plaintiff also accepts that even if there was no direct
upfront cost for acquiring BPI, the defendant would have to raise some funds
for the BPI deal and these funds would not be relevant to his claim for the
Founders’ Fees under the Solvesam project. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

CT, 14 March 2018, p 67 (line 13) to 68 (line 8).

The first plaintiff, however, also takes the position that the acquisition of
BPI was part of the agreement/understanding between the plaintiffs and the
defendant, in the sense that the acquisition of BPI was undertaken with an
ultimate view to achieving a NASDAQ listing for SIPL. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Certified Transcript, 14 March 2018, pp 68 (line 9) to 69 (line 11).

The defendant’s position on the Subscription Agreement

155 The defendant’s position in his evidence on the Subscription Agreement
between SIPL, Mr Chi, the plaintiffs and the defendant is that the agreement
was never in fact entered into, even though the execution page in evidence
bears their signatures. Several points are raised by the defendant. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 39.

These have been touched on already and for convenience are summarised here.
First, there is no signature by and on behalf of SIPL. Second, the signatures
are undated. Third, the parties did not sign at the same time. Fourth, the
agreement in evidence which is in English is completely undated. The
defendant’s explanation is that Mr Chi signed the execution page simply to
demonstrate his interest in the Solvesam project. Furthermore, the execution
page states that Mr Chi was signing on behalf of HKFXI – Mr Chi’s Hong Kong
company and through which the monies were intended to come. There is no seal
of HKFXI on the execution page and no evidence that the body of the
Subscription Agreement had been amended to reflect the fact that it was HKFXI
who was the investor.

156 These are fair points. As referenced already, it is somewhat odd that the
plaintiffs did not ask for copies of the actual signed Subscription Agreement
and the Chinese translation that was provided to Mr Chi. The sums being raised
were considerable and the plaintiffs, much as they may have trusted the
defendant, had never done business with Mr Chi or his company before. The
point has been made that the Subscription Agreement in evidence is rather
brief and sketchy. There are no provisions on governing law, dispute
resolution, obligations of the Founders in respect of the Solvesam software,
or warranties (see [65] above). The drafts in evidence were not prepared by
solicitors and have the flavour of a first draft or a work in progress.

157 I note also that the plaintiffs did not lack experience in fundraising and
the importance of proper legal documentation. It will be recalled that on 5
September 2006, Tecbiz, Spring Seeds, and Sirius, together with the plaintiffs
and defendant, entered into a subscription agreement in respect of the
investments by Spring Seeds and Sirius in Tecbiz (supra [23]). That
subscription agreement is far more detailed, and includes numerous schedules.
The execution page includes signatures for and on behalf of Tecbiz, Spring
Seeds, Sirius as well as those of the plaintiffs and the defendant.

158 Whilst I am not for a moment suggesting that a binding contract must have
the shape and size of the 2006 subscription agreement between Tecbiz, Spring
Seeds, Sirius, the plaintiffs and the defendant, the point is that the skimpy
nature of the Subscription Agreement provides some support for the defendant’s
case that the agreement had not in fact been finalised. Nevertheless, I note
that the defendant had accepted in the pleadings that the Subscription
Agreement was entered into. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Defence and Counterclaim, para 10(c).

The skimpy nature of the Subscription Agreement is still relevant, however,
because it provides some support for the view that so far as Mr Chi was
concerned, he still needed to conduct due diligence enquiries before the deal
was finalised.

159 The size of the investment and the funds that the defendant was required
to raise were considerable: US$20m. The Solvesam software was very much a work
in progress. Whilst SS V1.0 was up and running, what was needed was the web
version (SS V1.25) and the cloud-based version (SS V2 and beyond). SIPL would
not have any leverage from Tecbiz’s core business in computer forensics. That
was not part of the Solvesam project at all. The success or failure of the
Solvesam project depended entirely on the success of the Solvesam software
and, in particular, on the web and cloud versions which had not yet been
developed or fully developed. Seen in that light, the plaintiffs must have
known that any serious investor would have to conduct considerable due
diligence on the Solvesam software before committing to an investment of the
size contemplated in the Subscription Agreement.

160 It is also clear the plaintiffs knew the defendant is not an IT expert and
that while he was aware of the Solvesam software in broad terms, it is most
improbable that he would be able to explain, describe and demonstrate the
workings of Solvesam in sufficient detail for an investor to make such a huge
commitment. A serious investor or fund manager would have to conduct
substantive investigations and/or receive substantial assurances before
committing to a project of this magnitude: raising US$20 m for a new start-up
company with the intention of securing a NASDAQ listing in the not too distant
future.

161 Indeed, looking at the Subscription Agreement in evidence, it is worth
noting what Mr Chi (or HKFXI) obtains as consideration for his agreement to
subscribe in cash for new ordinary shares equivalent to 30% of the ordinary
shares of SIPL. The quid pro quo is that SIPL will issue the shares free of
all claims, charges, liens and encumbrances. In addition, the Founders (ie,
the plaintiffs and defendant) agree to procure that the proceeds from the
share issue will only be used by SIPL for inter alia “the conduct of the
Business and its highest value-added activities … or any other activities
deemed appropriate by the Founders in their absolute discretion”, and will be
used “as part of the Company’s working capital”. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at p 377.

There is no reference to the Solvesam project or the Solvesam software at all.
There is no timeline or schedule or benchmarks to be met and no provision for
the consequences of a failure to meet those benchmarks.

162 Further, Schedule 2 (supra [68]) which sets out the completion timeline is
vague on its own terms and nearly impossible to apply given that it is
constructed with reference to the date of the execution of the Subscription
Agreement, but such date is undefined. For example, cl 6 (iii) states that
“[t]he Investor shall be appointed as a Non-executive Director of [SIPL]
within 2 months of the execution of this Subscription Agreement.” It is clear
that Mr Chi was never appointed as a non-executive director of SIPL, but it is
unclear when this appointment was supposed to have taken place. When did the
stipulated two-month period expire, given that there is no date set out for
the execution?

163 Further, cl 6 (i) required the Founders “to enter into a service agreement
with [SIPL] in such form as approved by the Investor before the Completion
Date”. It does not appear that the Founders ever discussed the terms of a
service agreement with Mr Chi or any other personnel of HKFXI – certainly
there is no evidence of this at all, nor even any evidence of preliminary
discussions prior to Mr Chi signing the execution page. What, in any case, is
the “Completion Date”? According to cl 5, completion would take place when all
the events in Schedule 2 had been successfully completed, ie, a total of
US$15m was to be paid to SIPL and US$5m was to be paid to the Founders within
6 months of the execution of the Subscription Agreement. If it is assumed that
the execution date is 24 January 2011 as pleaded (supra [3(b)]), it would
follow that the US$20m had to be paid in by Mr Chi or HKFXI before end July
2011. Based on the bank statements in evidence (supra [144]), only some
HK$48.2m (approximately US$5.2m) had been deposited into SIPL’s HK bank
account by end July 2011, so it appears unlikely that the parties were acting
in accordance with the Subscription Agreement.

164 While it might be suggested that the balance was received by the defendant
in some other account, there is no evidence to support this. Indeed, there is
no evidence at all as to the source of the funds that were deposited into
SIPL’s DBS Hong Kong bank account. There is no evidence from Mr Chi, or indeed
any of the investors that Mr Chi represented, that any investment monies were
transferred to Mr Chi for the Solvesam project and SIPL. The first plaintiff
states that he was told by Mr Chi at the Shanghai meeting on 12 July 2011
(supra [123]) that the funds had been raised and passed to the defendant, but
that is purely hearsay. Leaving that aside, there is nothing to corroborate
the claim that Mr Chi had in fact raised the funds for the Solvesam project
and SIPL.

165 As will be seen, the defendant’s evidence is that while some monies were
deposited into the HK account, these monies in fact came from another investor
or associate of his in Indonesia, and had nothing to do with Mr Chi and the
alleged Subscription Agreement.

166 Turning to the alleged Oral Agreement, the defendant’s basic case is that
there was no such agreement. The defendant accepts that there were discussions
on the Solvesam project centred on the concept of setting up a Project Company
(ie, SIPL) in respect of which the defendant would use his connections and
experience in the financial market to raise funds. He does not dispute that
the general tenor of these discussions was that the funds (if raised) were to
be for the development of Solvesam, and that the parties’ ultimate goal was
for the SIPL to be listed on NASDAQ. However, the defendant claims that the
discussions were still at an early stage. Even though SIPL was incorporated in
late December 2010, the defendant was, at that stage, still sounding out
potential investors from China. Any investor or group of investors would still
need to meet the plaintiffs and/or conduct proper due diligence on the
plaintiffs, the Solvesam software and Tecbiz, which, at that stage, owned the
intellectual property rights in Solvesam software.

167 With regard to the claim in misrepresentation, the defendant does not deny
informing the plaintiffs about TECM and indeed, that he invited the plaintiffs
in December 2008 to subscribe for shares in TECM. However, he denies that any
statements or references he made to TECM and its listing on NASDAQ were made
for the purpose of inducing the plaintiffs to enter into any agreement with
him in relation to the Solvesam project. The defendant’s position is that a
listing of SIPL on NASDAQ was indeed the ultimate goal, but by this, it
appears he means that it was an important aspiration, rather than an
obligation binding upon him. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Defendant’s closing submissions, para 56.

The defendant’s positions on Mr Chi, HKFXI, UWI, BPI and the monies deposited
into SIPL accounts

The defendant and Mr Chi

168 The defendant’s evidence is that he first met Mr Chi around 2007. He
describes Mr Chi as a casual friend and claims that they were not close.
Notwithstanding the defendant’s characterisation of his relationship with Mr
Chi, it seems that he and Mr Chi had cooperated in previous business
investments in shares in Hong Kong and the United States, seemingly on the
basis of a great deal of trust. These deals involved the defendant using Mr
Chi’s trading account in Hong Kong to acquire shares and Mr Chi using the
account of a friend of the defendant to purchase US shares. According to the
defendant, the investments were worth around HK$1m to US$1m. The shares were
purchased in the names of the account holders without any paper trail to
evidence the rights and interests of Mr Chi or the defendant. Again, the
defendant stresses the theme that as between friends, there was no need for
paper trails or proper documentation. On occasions, there would be a written
agreement when the deal was confirmed, but this was not always necessarily so.

169 The defendant’s case is that he started discussions with Mr Chi on
Solvesam sometime in late 2010 or early 2011. By this time, the first
plaintiff had provided a draft budget estimate of US$20m for the Solvesam
project. The evidence as to whether Mr Chi was proposing to use his own funds,
or proposing to try to raise funds from other Chinese investors was somewhat
confused. Ultimately, it appears that whatever the defendant may have thought
or intended at the start of the discussions, it eventually became clear that
Mr Chi was intending to bring in other investors from China for the Solvesam
project.

170 Whether the plaintiffs met Mr Chi prior to the preparation of the
Subscription Agreement is unclear and in dispute. The plaintiffs’ case appears
to be that at the time when Mr Chi signed the execution page, Mr Chi had never
met the plaintiffs or held any discussions with them on Solvesam. There is
also nothing to suggest that Mr Chi had any communications with Mr Tan – the
Tecbiz employee who actually developed the Solvesam program as it then existed
(supra [20]).

171 The defendant, on the other hand, states that the first plaintiff had a
meeting with Mr Chi in Singapore at the end of 2010 or start of 2011 at which
the defendant was also present. According to the defendant, the discussion was
on the Solvesam project and the requirement for payments to be made to the
Founders. The defendant asserts that he left the negotiations to the first
plaintiff as he was a good negotiator and could speak for the Founders. The
defendant goes on to state that he subsequently explained to Mr Chi that
payments to the Founders were necessary because the plaintiffs had developed
the Solvesam software.

172 Mr Chi subsequently informed the defendant that his investment vehicle was
HKFXI. The defendant’s position is that when Mr Chi was asked to sign the
execution page of the Subscription Agreement (for HKFXI), Mr Chi did so on the
basis that the Subscription Agreement was not legally binding yet, and that a
formal contract would have to be entered into when the monies were actually
raised. According to the defendant, Mr Chi signed the execution page simply to
demonstrate his serious interest.

173 I pause to stress again that there is no evidence from Mr Chi at all, and
therefore no evidence on why he signed the execution page and whether he
actually did come to Singapore and have discussions with the plaintiffs.
Indeed, there is not even in evidence any email from Mr Chi referencing the
Subscription Agreement at all, let alone one expressing Mr Chi’s intention
that by signing the Agreement, he was only demonstrating his interest and not
formally entering into a binding contract. Neither is there any email from the
defendant to the plaintiffs clarifying that this was Mr Chi’s intent.

HKFXI and UWI

174 It will be recalled that initially, it appeared that Mr Chi himself would
be the investor in SIPL for the Solvesam project. Thereafter, Mr Chi informed
the defendant that he was sourcing for individual retail investors to acquire
shares in his investment vehicle “Xuang Fong”, which investment vehicle would
then transfer the funds to SIPL. As it turns out, Xuang Fong is UWI, a company
incorporated in Hong Kong around 22 March 2011 by the defendant at the request
of Mr Chi.

175 According to the defendant, sometime in February/March 2011 (around the
time when Mr Chi signed the execution page), Mr Chi asked the defendant to set
up UWI with the defendant and Mr Chan as directors. Once Mr Chi succeeded in
raising the required funds, a proper Subscription Agreement would be entered
into. The monies raised by Mr Chi would be transferred to UWI first and then
transferred to an SIPL bank account in Hong Kong. Thereafter, the funds were
to be remitted to SIPL’s bank account in Singapore. According to the
defendant, while UWI was incorporated in end March 2011, no bank account was
in fact opened in the name of UWI at that time. Indeed, according to the
defendant, UWI did not have a bank account in Hong Kong at the time of his
resignation in May 2011. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

CT, 20 March 2018, p 155 (lines 18–22).

That said, the Court only has the defendant’s word on this since no one else
gave evidence, not even Mr Chan, the defendant’s assistant and fellow director
at UWI.

176 While the defendant claims he gave notice of his resignation to UWI in May
2011, the company records in Hong Kong show that he was still listed as a
director in June 2011. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

CT, 20 March 2018, p 156 (lines 6–7).

The defendant’s explanation was that Mr Chan had failed or forgotten to act on
his resignation, so the defendant filed the resignation papers himself stating
1 May 2011 as the date of resignation. According to the defendant, he resigned
because, by 1 May 2011, Mr Chi had made it clear that he was not satisfied
with the Solvesam software and was not proceeding with the plans to invest in
SIPL and the Solvesam project. That being so, the defendant resigned and left
UWI. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

CT, 20 March 2018, p 156 (lines 11–19).

The reasons why Mr Chi decided not to proceed.

177 According to the defendant, one of Mr Chi’s conditions for investing or
having his group of investors invest in SIPL was that SIPL had to have a
revenue stream and Solvesam had to be ready as a working product. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

CT, 19 March 2018, p 33 (lines 16–23).

In January and February 2011, the defendant asserts Mr Chi conducted due
diligence checks in China. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

CT, 19 March 2018, p 134, (lines 13–22).

By around 23 March 2011, Mr Chi had begun to tell the defendant that he
harboured concerns over information from his sources that the Solvesam
software was not as good as it was made out to be and that quite some time may
be needed to develop the software into SS V3. To be clear, there is nothing to
suggest that SS V1.0 was in any sense defective or not working properly.
Instead, the concern appears to be that the web and cloud-based versions with
full features were still not fully developed or in the market. Further, Mr Chi
was also concerned with the discovery that Chinese government agencies were
not in fact using the Solvesam software as the plaintiffs had claimed. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at para 21; see also CT, 19 March 2018, p 135,
(lines 2–17).

According to the defendant, it was clear to him that Mr Chi would not be
providing US$5m (as urgent funds) to set up the SIPL Suzhou office or indeed
the US$20m investment as originally discussed.

178 The defendant accepts that he did not send an email or other notice in
writing to the plaintiffs to let them know that Mr Chi was not proceeding with
the plan to invest in SIPL and the Solvesam project. Instead, the defendant
states that he informed the first plaintiff orally that Mr Chi would not be
investing and that he would instead work towards raising the funds himself and
would switch his focus to the discussions to acquire BPI. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 43. See also CT, 19 March 2018, p 138 (lines 2–6).

The defendant apparently left it to the first plaintiff to inform the second
plaintiff.

179 By the start of April 2011, the original plan or understanding to set up
and use SIPL as the vehicle to develop and promote Solvesam had drastically
changed. SIPL would instead focus on the discussions and plans to acquire BPI.
The Solvesam project, rather than taking pride of place, would essentially
operate in the background in the sense that if the plaintiffs were able to
develop the Solvesam software into the fully developed package at a future
date, this would be desirable, but it was no longer a priority. The
defendant’s plan was that the plaintiffs would still have shares in SIPL and
therefore an interest in BPI’s business once the acquisition was completed. As
regards the Founders’ Fees, however, the defendant’s position appears to be
that the plaintiffs no longer had a basis to claim them, at least not until
the Solvesam software was fully developed and marketable.

The plan to acquire BPI

180 The defendant’s case is that he first raised the idea of acquiring BPI
around the end of 2010, when SIPL was incorporated. The concern was that
SIPL’s revenue stream as a brand-new company with no track record would make
it difficult to achieve a listing in the United States. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 52.

It appears that even as Mr Chi was conducting his due diligence on Solvesam,
the defendant was already beginning to have concerns arising from the first
plaintiff’s information that they may not be able to meet the projected
revenues and the time line for the product development. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

CT, 19 March 2018, pp 136 (lines 2–9) and pp 137 (line 23) to 138 (line 16).

181 The chances of a listing would be much better if SIPL had other assets and
revenue streams – especially if these flowed from an established business with
a proven track record. BPI was an IT company that had already been listed in
Singapore on Phillips Securities OTC Board. It bears underscoring that the
plaintiffs were not intending to transfer Tecbiz’s core business in computer
forensic investigation services to SIPL. All that would be transferred, if
things had gone to plan, were the rights to the Solvesam software.

182 The defendant, who was acquainted with Mr Lee Tong Tai (the founder of
BPI), discussed the matter with the plaintiffs – and in particular the first
plaintiff. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 70.

183 It will be recalled that by January/February 2011, the second plaintiff
had already re-located to China and was evidently busy dealing with queries
from Microsoft China on the progress of the Solvesam product certificate,
copyright registration and related matters. The second plaintiff was also
working on the plans to establish a Chinese subsidiary for SIPL and an office
in Suzhou. To do this, an injection of funds was necessary.

184 It bears repeating that by end February 2011, the defendant’s case is that
Mr Chi, whilst interested and indeed willing to sign the execution page, was
still sourcing for investors and conducting his due diligence into the
Solvesam software. The defendant’s understanding was that the signature by Mr
Chi was simply to show that Mr Chi was serious and that a proper or formal
agreement would have to be entered into once funds were raised. The fact that
the second plaintiff, by email dated 26 February 2011, 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 72.

asked (in view of the delays in obtaining the certificates and Microsoft’s
queries) if the “project likely to KIV” and, if so, to let him know early so
that adjustments could be made, provides some support for the assertion that
the Subscription Agreement was still “tentative” and that the plan to use SIPL
to carry out the Solvesam project with Mr Chi was still not confirmed.

185 The defendant’s response by email was “No it’s on already” (supra
[77(e)]). He stated that he had already sourced a few locations for the office
premises in Singapore and that SIPL was “taking over a [S]ingapore company,
[BPI] …”. The reply from the second plaintiff was that it was “[g]ood to hear
that” and “[o]nce the first two payments in, we can start the registration
process in China.” 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 73.

186 Yet, while the defendant clearly stated that the Project was proceeding,
he was evidently already placing much stress on the discussions for SIPL to
take over or merge with BPI.

187 The understanding and/or Oral Agreement which the plaintiffs rely on does
not refer to any merger with BPI as part of the plan to develop the Solvesam
project. There was no discussion or reference to the involvement of another IT
company and incorporation of its business and products or services into SIPL.
To be sure, the goal of a NASDAQ listing for SIPL was said to be the “ultimate
goal” (supra [32]). The immediate goal was to set up SIPL and raise funds to
develop Solvesam and to enter the China market for software asset management
products and services. Development of SIPL’s business and revenue stream to
the point where it might seek a listing lay sometime in the future and might
well involve acquisition of other businesses and assets so as to broaden
SIPL’s base in preparation for a listing attempt. If the Solvesam project was
successfully developed into a cloud-based software asset management service
with deep end-user market penetration in China, it may well be that a listing
attempt had a good chance of succeeding. After all, it appears the parties did
contemplate – at least by way of an aspiration – development of the Solvesam
software and service into something akin to Facebook.

188 It is not, of course, for this Court to judge whether the understanding
said to have been reached in late 2010 and early 2011 was commercially
realistic. The only point I make is that it is one thing to say the parties
had an understanding, in the sense of a shared aspiration, and quite something
else to state that the parties had entered into a legally binding agreement.

189 Given the paucity of documentation and the plaintiffs’ heavy reliance on
the “understanding” or “common understanding” and “Oral Agreement”, it is
necessary to examine the surrounding circumstances with care to reach a
determination on (i) whether an understanding was reached; (ii) what the
understanding entailed; and (iii) whether an oral or perhaps implied contract
arose based on what was said and done. Indeed, it is for this reason that the
evidence, claims and assertions have been set out at length.

190 Any understanding must be seen in the context of the size of the budget
estimate (prepared by the first plaintiff) and the investment funds needed for
the Solvesam project: US$20m. Indeed, there is some evidence that even this
figure was simply the “first stage” since the defendant had alluded in his
communications with the plaintiffs to the fact that if more funds were needed,
it was possible to increase the total amount. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

CT, 19 March 2018, pp 22 (lines 20–25) and 43 (lines 4–7).

In short, there is good basis for the view that any understanding reached
around the time SIPL was incorporated and into early 2011 was necessarily
tentative in nature. If, for example, it was decided that SIPL should “join
forces” with another established IT company in order to meet funding
requirements, it stands to reason that this could have an impact on any
decision on the payment of the Founders’ Fees out of the investment funds
raised by the investor.

191 The expression “join forces” is used advisedly in recognition that there
are many different ways in which the business and assets of the other IT
company could be acquired, merged or brought into SIPL with the goal of
broadening and strengthening SIPL’s base for a listing attempt. Nevertheless,
the fact that the parties were actively discussing and pursuing a merger with
or acquisition of BPI very soon after SIPL was incorporated is a point that
must be taken into consideration in assessing the plaintiffs’ claims. This is
especially so since there is no evidence at all as to whether the parties
raised the possibility of BPI’s involvement with Mr Chi. There is certainly
nothing in the Subscription Agreement which Mr Chi is said to have entered
into which refers to BPI. What the Subscription Agreement says in Clause 3 is
that the funds raised are only to be used for the conduct of business and its
highest value-added activities or any other activities “deemed appropriate by
the Founders in their absolute discretion”.

192 It is in this context that this Court must assess the second plaintiff’s
response that once the first two payments were in, he could proceed with the
registration process (supra [185]). The second plaintiff was in China. Whilst
he was aware of the talks with BPI, he did not have much direct discussions
with the defendant on BPI. His main concern at the end of February 2011 was
the need for an injection of funds so that the Suzhou office could be set up
and the registration of the Solvesam software attended to and completed.
Indeed, subsequently around 24 March 2011, the second plaintiff by email asked
how the proposed merger and acquisition with BPI then under discussion would
affect the initial allocation of funds. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 108.

It is apparent that, at the very least, the second plaintiff was aware that
the upcoming tie-up or merger with BPI might have an impact on the earlier
understanding on allocation of funds including use of a portion of the funds
to pay the Founders’ Fees to the plaintiffs and the defendant.

Contact between the plaintiffs and BPI, and the BTA.

193 According to the defendant, the plaintiffs together with Mr Tan met staff
of BPI on a number of occasions. The defendant’s recollection of the details
was, however, rather thin. The essence of his position is that they met Mr
Chang, the Chief Technical Officer of BPI, and other staff, to provide an
overview of the Solvesam software and to generally acquaint each other with
their respective products and business.

194 Mr Chang’s evidence was that whilst BPI understood that a demonstration of
the Solvesam software would be conducted at the first meeting, this did not
take place because of technical difficulties. Instead, what took place was a
general presentation on the Solvesam project. Mr Chang’s evidence is that
there was a second meeting during which general discussions on Solvesam and
BPI’s own products/services continued without a technical presentation of the
Solvesam software.

195 The defendant’s position, which is supported by the evidence of Mr Chang,
is that BPI was concerned after these meetings that there was no actual
demonstration of the Solvesam software and that Mr Chang had reservations over
the fact that Solvesam was not yet a working model. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 54; Chang Meng Heng’s AEIC at paras 5 and 10.

The plaintiffs, on the other hand, assert that the meetings were positive and
useful and that at no time did BPI’s staff raise any concerns or misgivings
about the technical capabilities of the Solvesam software or its projected
functions. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 117 and 119.

196 On the whole, it is clear that no demonstration of the Solvesam software
was actually conducted for BPI’s staff. Further, Mr Chang’s evidence that it
was usual to see an actual demonstration to assess the working capabilities of
the software is readily understandable. The fact that Mr Chang likely did
express his concern that he had not seen a working model does not, of course,
mean that BPI concluded that the Solvesam software was defective. At the time
the plaintiffs and BPI met, it is undisputed that the Solvesam project was
still at an early stage of development. Solvesam V1.0 was available and
Solvesam V1.25 was well on the way, but the web or cloud-based versions with
additional features (SS V.2 and V.3) were still something for the future.

197 It stands to reason that BPI would require a proper demonstration of what
had been developed so as to assess the overall viability and prospects of the
Solvesam project. As mentioned (supra [97]), the second plaintiff took it as a
good sign that, at the meeting, BPI’s staff mentioned that the features that
the plaintiffs wished to develop for Solvesam were already available in the US
market. To the second plaintiff, this meant they were developing Solvesam in
the right direction for the China market. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 117.

The defendant, on the other hand, had the impression that BPI’s view was that
the Solvesam software was not as good or not as unique as it professed or
aspired to become. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 58.

Given that the goal was to eventually list SIPL on NASDAQ, BPI’s view that the
features planned for Solvesam were already available in the US might well have
been a cause for some concern.

198 Whatever the state of the second plaintiff’s knowledge of the details of
the discussions with BPI, it is at least clear, as the defendant points out,
that the first plaintiff was fully aware and indeed involved in the details.
For example, there is an email dated 6 April 2011 from the first plaintiff to
the defendant and the second plaintiff in which he attaches a budget proposal
for SIPL that now includes US$1.2m for acquisition of BPI shares and US$1.7m
for day-to-day operating expenses. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 56 and JLTY-20, p 249.

199 What followed thereafter were discussions/communications between the
plaintiffs and the defendant on the terms of the draft BTA, with theplaintiffs
taking the position that the terms were too favourable for BPI (supra [93]).
Eventually, the defendant, on behalf of SIPL, entered into the BTA with BPI.

200 Based upon the evidence as a whole, it appears that the original plan for
SIPL to buy the shares of BPI was changed at some point. Instead, the BTA was
an agreement for SIPL to acquire the assets of BPI, and for BPI to receive
shares in the enlarged SIPL in return.

201 Finally, whilst the BTA was entered into, it appears that the deal was
terminated (by consent) after a few years. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 83.

According to the defendant, since the assets of BPI had not yet been assigned
or transferred to SIPL there was no need to arrange for a transfer back of
BPI’s assets. BPI transferred its shares in SIPL back to the defendant.

202 I pause to note that whilst the plaintiffs complain that the defendant did
not obtain their consent to the signing of the BTA, there is no evidence that
they took any issue on this with BPI or indeed with the defendant at any time
before they resigned from SIPL in July 2011. Indeed, the plaintiffs have not
pleaded that the BTA was entered into without their consent or that they have
a cause of action against the defendant in respect of the BTA.

Source of funds deposited into SIPL’s Hong Kong bank account.

203 As mentioned, considerable sums (worth around US$9.5m) were in fact
deposited into SIPL’s DBS Hong Kong bank account in tranches between April and
August 2011. The plaintiffs’ case is that these deposits must have come from
Mr Chi and his group of China-based investors whether this was done through
UWI or by some other means. Further, the plaintiffs say these deposits were
specifically in respect of the Subscription Agreement which Mr Chi had signed
and which the defendant had tried to conceal. The balance of the US$20m, the
plaintiffs assert, was likely also raised but kept elsewhere by the defendant.
205

##### Foot Note 205

×

CT, 13 March 2018, p 126 (lines 8–22).

On this basis, the plaintiffs claim that they are, at the very least, entitled
to claim the Founders’ Fees on a pro rata basis based on the US$9.5 m which
they say was raised by Mr Chi and transferred to SIPL’s Hong Kong bank
account.

204 The defendant’s position is that all the funds deposited into SIPL’s
account in Hong Kong were raised by the defendant and had nothing to do with
Mr Chi who had already pulled out of the Solvesam project. The defendant
asserts the funds were raised for the purpose of funding the growth of BPI’s
business. This was because SIPL incurred costs for setting up BPI’s new office
in Singapore, including acquiring equipment and meeting other expenses of BPI.
206

##### Foot Note 206

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 80–83.

205 Accordingly, while monies were deposited into SIPL’s Hong Kong bank
account, these were not attributable to the alleged understanding reached in
late 2010 or early 2011 between the parties in respect of SIPL and the
Solvesam project. The plaintiffs accepted that, if the funds/deposits were
indeed raised in respect of some other project or business activity that had
nothing to do with the Solvesam project, they would not have any basis to
claim Founders’ Fees from those funds. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

CT, 14 March 2018, p 64 (lines 12–19).

206 The defendant’s evidence is that the monies deposited into SIPL’s account
in Hong Kong were a mix of his own funds and monies loaned by another
Indonesian friend and long-time business associate called Pak Bani. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

CT, 20 March 2018, pp 129 (lines 23) to 130 (line 10).

207 The defendant and Pak Bani were allegedly in the waste plastic recycling
business in Indonesia. According to the defendant, Pak Bani held large sums
for the defendant. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

CT, 20 March 2018, p 117 (lines 23–25) and p 130 (line 8).

The defendant explained that he contacted Pak Bani to find out how much money
Pak Bani held for the defendant with the intention of transferring those funds
to SIPL in Hong Kong. If his own funds were insufficient, his plan was to
borrow from Pak Bani to make up any shortfall. The defendant’s evidence was
that Pak Bani also had business in Hong Kong and, for this reason, it was more
convenient for the monies to be transferred into SIPL’s account in Hong Kong
rather than directly into SIPL’s bank account in Singapore.

208 The defendant’s explanation for transfers out of SIPL’s Hong Kong bank
account to other entities or persons such as a Mr Wei Shean Peng in August
2011 and Forever Beauty Ind.com on 15 December 2011 (supra [147]) is that
these were done at the request of Pak Bani who subsequently needed some of his
loans back for his own purposes. The defendant asserts that he had the consent
of Mr Lee (the founder of BPI), who was by now a director of SIPL, to make
these payments.

209 The defendant acknowledges that he also withdrew large sums from SIPL’s
account in HK. For example, on 19 July 2012, HK$23m was paid out to the
defendant (supra [147(d)]). The defendant’s explanation was that this was a
return of monies that the defendant had transferred into SIPL’s account in
Hong Kong. When cross-examined on how this could be done when the HK$23m had
been converted into SIPL’s working capital, the defendant’s explanation was
that he had cleared the payment with the other directors of SIPL (Mr Lee and
one Ms Grace Ang who sat on the board as BPI representatives). 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

CT, 21 March 2018, p 66 (lines 12–17).

210 A difficulty with the defendant’s evidence is that there is no independent
evidence supporting his claim that the monies were raised from or through his
Indonesian friend and business partner. Pak Bani did not give evidence. The
assertion that Pak Bani was the source of the funds deposited into SIPL’s bank
account in Hong Kong was not set out in the defendant’s affidavit of evidence-
in-chief. The explanation arose in the course of cross-examination. There is
no documentary evidence at all – not a single email between the defendant and
Pak Bani referring to SIPL, BPI and the defendant’s need for funds. There is
also no evidence supporting the claim that representatives of BPI on the board
of SIPL were aware and gave consent to the payments out.

211 Once again, the defendant’s explanation is that much of his dealings with
business associates who were his friends was done on trust and good faith with
little or no documentation and formal records. The plaintiffs, on the other
hand, assert that the funds most likely came from Mr Chi and were transferred
to SIPL’s Hong Kong bank account from a UWI account in Hong Kong. The
defendant denies this and counters that UWI, which was set up at Mr Chi’s
request (at a time when Mr Chi was conducting due diligence and had not yet
withdrawn from the Solvesam project), did not even have a bank account in Hong
Kong up to the time when the defendant resigned from UWI in May 2011.
Unfortunately, there is no other evidence on this. Mr Chan, a Singaporean, who
was a director of UWI and who appears to be a friend and/or associate of the
defendant was not called to give evidence.

212 In short, there is no independent evidence on where the funds deposited
into SIPL’s account in Hong Kong came from, apart from the fact that the
account which the funds were remitted from was a DBS Hong Kong account held at
the Tsim Sha Tsui DBS branch. The plaintiffs point out that the registered
office address of UWI is also situated in Tsim Sha Tsui, to which the
defendant’s response is that that is simply the corporate secretarial address.
It does not follow that UWI must have opened a bank account at DBS Hong Kong
at the Tsim Sha Tsui branch.

213 I pause to make clear that, whilst I have set out in some detail the
evidence on the BTA, the tie-up with BPI and the payments in and out of SIPL’s
Hong Kong bank account, many of the events such as the payment of HK$23m to
the defendant out of SIPL in July 2012 (supra [147(d)]) occurred well after
the plaintiffs had resigned from SIPL and sold their shares to the defendant.
SIPL, after July 2011, was owned by the defendant, Mr Lee and Ms Grace Ang (of
BPI). There is no complaint or issue before this Court raised by SIPL or BPI
on any misuse of funds belonging to SIPL.

The counterclaim

214 The defendant claims he loaned a total of S$400,000 to the first plaintiff
which remains unpaid and owing. The first loan of S$200,000 took place at the
end of March 2011 when the first plaintiff requested the loan in connection
with renovation works at his house. The first plaintiff does not deny receipt
of the monies but claims that this was in fact nothing more than an advance on
the US$900,000 Founders’ Fees that he was entitled to under the understanding
and Oral Agreement over the Solvesam project.

215 The defendant’s case is that, sometime in April 2011, the first plaintiff
asked for another S$200,000 loan in connection with some personal problems he
was having at home. The first plaintiff does not deny receipt of these monies
(by cheque) but asserts that this S$200,000 was nothing more than payment for
the 7.5% Tecbiz shares sold by the first plaintiff to the defendant (see [91]
above). While the defendant agrees that he purchased the 7.5% shares from the
first plaintiff, he notes that the consideration set out in the relevant
transfer forms and stamp duty certificate was S$100,000. Further, the transfer
of shares only took place after 6 May 2011. The defendant’s case is that the
second payment of S$200,000 by cheque dated 12 April 2011 was just a loan and
had nothing to do with the subsequent sale of Tecbiz shares. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 99 and 102.

216 The defendant accepts that he did not make any written request or demand
for repayment until filing the counterclaim, but asserts that he did bring up
the matter of the loans orally with the first plaintiff on several occasions
which the latter, unsurprisingly, denies.

217 I reiterate that the first plaintiff and defendant had been close friends
for a long time. The evidence as a whole does support the view that they both
conducted their affairs with each other largely on the basis of trust and
confidence. They had helped each other out before on personal matters. For
example, the first plaintiff states that as early as 1991, the first plaintiff
assisted the defendant who had run into financial difficulties by lending him
money for petrol. Indeed, the first plaintiff expressly states that at that
time “the [d]efendant told me that he would remember my generosity and when
his financial crisis was over, he would invest in whatever business venture I
decided to pursue”. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 7.

Thereafter, the first plaintiff makes reference to the fact that in 2004, when
the defendant ran into financial trouble, the plaintiffs extended a helping
hand to the defendant. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 12.

The decision

218 To recapitulate, the plaintiffs’ claims are advanced on a number of
overlapping fronts arising out of the sequence of events as described above.

219 First, there is the claim for the Founders’ Fees said to be owing to the
plaintiffs under the Oral Agreement between the plaintiffs and the defendant
made in late 2010 or early 2011.

220 Second, in the event that the Court finds that there was no binding Oral
Agreement, the claim is that the defendant made certain false representations
which induced the plaintiffs to enter into the Subscription Agreement. If the
plaintiffs had not entered into the Subscription Agreement, they would have
been free to use alternative sources of funding to develop the Solvesam
software and achieve the goal of a listing. The plaintiffs say that the
Founders’ Fees are an appropriate indicator of the sums that the plaintiffs
would likely have made had they approached other investors.

221 Third, the plaintiffs claim that, by virtue of a common understanding
reached in late 2010 or early 2011, the sums raised by the defendant through
use of the Solvesam project were for the benefit of the plaintiffs and the
defendant. The plaintiffs claim the right to trace their entitlements to the
Founders’ Fees into the funds raised on the basis that those sums
(representing the Founders’ Fees) are held on a constructive trust. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, paras 93–96.

I shall discuss each of these in turn before I discuss the defendant’s
counterclaim, as described in detail at [214]–[217] above.

Oral Agreement

222 The Oral Agreement relied on by the plaintiffs is said to have arisen
sometime in 2010. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

SOC 2 at para 15.

Whether or not a binding contractual agreement was formed depends on whether
the following well-established legal requirements are satisfied: (i) offer and
acceptance; (ii) intention to create legal relations; (iii) certainty of
terms; and (iv) consideration.

223 Where the parties have not reduced the contract into writing, disputes
often arise over whether the elements are satisfied and, of course, over
interpretation of the scope of the contractual obligations.

224 As noted by Andrew Phang Boon Leong J (as he then was) in Forefront
Medical Technology (Pte) Ltd v Modern-Pak Pte Ltd [2006] 1 SLR(R) 927 at [86]
the “best objective evidence is a written agreement that does not fall afoul
of any vitiating factors” [emphasis in original]. This statement flows
naturally from the well-established principle that whether there was an offer
that was accepted in circumstances such that the parties intended to enter
into binding legal relations is a question that must be answered on the basis
of an objective assessment of the facts. In Bakery Mart Pte Ltd (in
receivership) v Sincere Watch Ltd [2003] 3 SLR(R) 462 at [22], Chao Hick Tin
JA noted that:

… where negotiations are protracted the court is entitled to look at all the
circumstances and apply an objective test to determine whether the parties had
reached an agreement as far as the essential terms are concerned, or whether
the parties intended to reserve their rights pending a formal agreement.

225 In Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332 at [71],
the Court of Appeal reaffirmed the principle that it must be demonstrated that
both parties intended the transaction to have legal effect before a valid
contract can be said to have been formed. Whether the parties possessed such
intentions is for the Court to determine, taking a holistic approach and
“attempt[ing] its level best to ascertain the subjective intentions of the
parties by reference to all the objective evidence that is both relevant as
well as available to the court” (see Andrew Phang Boon Leong (Gen ed) The Law
of Contract in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“The Law of Contract in
Singapore”) at para 03.014). As Lai Kew Chai J stated in Chia Ee Lin Evelyn v
Teh Guek Ngor Engelin née Tan [2004] 4 SLR(R) 330 at [43] (affirmed in Teh
Guek Ngor Engelin née Tan v Chia Ee Lin Evelyn [2005] 3 SLR(R) 22), “… the
intention which courts will attribute to a person is always that which that
person’s conduct and words amount to when reasonably construed by a person in
the position of the offeree, and not necessarily that which was present in the
offeror’s mind”.

226 Agreements made in the business and commercial context are generally
presumed to be legally binding. Absent an express provision that the agreement
is not intended to be legally binding, the presumption may only be rebutted if
the presumption against contractual enforceability may be reasonably implied
(The Law of Contract in Singapore (supra [225]) at paras 05.020–05.021). By
way of example, the learned authors of The Law of Contract in Singapore point
to a situation where the alleged terms are uncertain or incomplete or where
the subject matter of the agreement is so complicated or sophisticated such
that parties would not ordinarily expect to create legal obligations without
the benefit of professional assistance (at para 05.025). These are, however,
just examples to illustrate the general point. Each case must depend on its
own facts and circumstances.

227 In the present case, the plaintiffs have asserted and relied on an Oral
Agreement, a key term of which was that the defendant would raise US$20m and
procure the eventual transfer of US$900,000 to each of the plaintiffs from the
funds raised for the Solvesam project.

228 After reviewing the evidence as a whole, I have come to the conclusion
that the plaintiffs’ claim for breach of the Oral Agreement fails for the
following reasons.

229 First, whilst the alleged Oral Agreement arose in a commercial or business
context, I find that there is so much uncertainty over the date or period over
which the oral contract was formed as well as the terms of the agreement that
it is not possible to conclude that any Oral Agreement was actually made.

230 In reaching my decision, I have noted that it is understandable that the
plaintiffs were unable to identify (or recall) the date when the Oral
Agreement was made, given the passage of time as well as the inherent problems
in pinning down a date when an agreement crystallises out of a sequence of
discussions over a period of time. Nevertheless, the plaintiffs themselves
have pleaded that the Oral Agreement was made “sometime in 2010” (supra
[3(a)]). Yet their own evidence does not support that position.

231 To begin with, it is unclear what significance exactly the plaintiffs seek
to attach to the undated Subscription Agreement (said to have arisen around
February 2011, supra [63(e)]). To be sure, the plaintiffs deny that the Oral
Agreement was replaced or superseded by the Subscription Agreement. After all,
the parties to the agreements are not the same. The Subscription Agreement
concerned the relationship between the plaintiffs, the defendant, SIPL and Mr
Chi. The earlier Oral Agreement, on the other hand, was just between the
plaintiffs and the defendant and dealt in particular with their individual
entitlements to the Founders’ Fees. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at para 79.

232 That said, it appears that the plaintiffs do rely on the fact that a
Subscription Agreement was entered into as support for the claim that a prior
Oral Agreement had been made between the parties. Further, they rely on the
fact that the plaintiffs continued to work on the Solvesam software, such as
by developing SS V1.25 and SS V1.25A and conceptualising SS V3, as evidence
that the plaintiffs had provided part consideration and performance of the
Oral Agreement. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at para 81.

I shall come back to this point below.

233 The plaintiffs also assert the existence of the Oral Agreement cannot be
disputed because the defendant admitted unequivocally at trial that the
parties had agreed to the terms of the Oral Agreement. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at para 6.

It is true that under cross-examination, the defendant answered in the
affirmative when asked whether certain terms said to constitute the Oral
Agreement were “discussed” and “agreed”. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

CT, 19 March 2018, pp 74 (line 17) to 75 (line 2).

Yet that evidence must be taken in light of the fact that the Defence and
Counterclaim as amended specifically denies that an Oral Agreement had been
made between the parties. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 15.

Further, whilst the defendant had no issues with the points that were
discussed and said to form the terms of the Oral Agreement, his evidence,
essentially, was that the plan was still developing and depended very much on
whether the defendant was able to secure investors. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

See. eg, CT, 19 March 2018, pp 64 (line 20) to 66 (line 23).

234 What is clear is that from late 2010 to early 2011, the plaintiffs and
defendant had many discussions on the Solvesam project, including the need to
raise funds, the plan to set up a new Project Company (SIPL) separate from
Tecbiz, the ultimate goal of a NASDAQ listing, the defendant’s role in
sourcing for investors, the transfer of the Solvesam software IP rights to the
Project Company, the payment of Founders’ Fees, and the importance to
investors that the defendant retain control or responsibility for the funds.

235 It is readily apparent that the parties were excited about the discussions
on the Solvesam project, leveraging on the China market for huge growth and
the possibility of becoming a kind of “Facebook” once all the planned features
were in place. There is no doubt that during late 2010 and early 2011, many
things were said by each side during their talks and meetings. For example,
the Court accepts the defendant likely did refer to his considerable
experience in business and fund-raising, his connections with potential
investors from China and his ability to oversee or take companies into
listings on the stock market (NASDAQ or otherwise). Nevertheless, the fact
that he chose to “boast” and even exaggerate his achievements is not
sufficient to establish that the parties had entered into an Oral Agreement.
Similarly, whatever may have been said in the discussions, it remains doubtful
that parties understood that they were settling on the terms of a legally
binding, mutually enforceable contract. In this regard, it is worth noting
that as late as June 2011, the first plaintiff had stated in his response to
the Hu email that while “certain stakeholders in Tecbiz” had explored the
possibility of collaborating with UWI to develop Solvesam through SIPL,
“nothing [had] been finalised” (emphasis added) (see [109] above). It is not
clear what exactly the first plaintiff meant by his reference to “certain
stakeholders in Tecbiz” or what the first plaintiff had in mind in saying that
“nothing had been finalised”, but his response certainly supports the
defendant’s case that the plans for the Solvesam project were still developing
and had yet to be confirmed.

236 While SIPL was incorporated in late December 2010, it is clear that the
overall strategy at that stage was still in an early stage of development.
Nothing had been signed. The defendant, who was himself a non-executive
director and shareholder of Tecbiz, was still sourcing for investors in China.
The plaintiffs themselves only recently had been considering raising funds
through Mr Cooper of Microsoft, and other investors. The situation was fluid.
The view that I have come to is that even in late 2010 (and certainly at the
start of 2011), the parties had not yet come to any firm agreement.

237 Further, it appears that at least at that point in time, Tecbiz would
continue to push the Solvesam software regardless of what may happen to SIPL.
There was still work that had to be done on the Solvesam software. Tecbiz
itself had established a Representative Office in China and there appeared to
have been many requests from Microsoft China for information on the Solvesam
software development and its registration/certification within China. Indeed,
the Solvesam software was registered in China eventually in the name of Tecbiz
– apparently because of the delays in setting up the SIPL Suzhou office.

238 Investors would obviously need to conduct their own due diligence
enquiries. Further, the desirability or indeed the necessity of bringing on
board another partner (by way of acquisition of BPI) so as to broaden SIPL’s
asset base and business and revenue streams became an increasingly important
subject matter of discussion as the days and weeks of 2011 passed by.

239 At the same time, whilst the defendant did refer to and “boast” of his
listing of TECM, the fact that the defendant may have incorrectly stated or
given the impression that TECM had been listed on NASDAQ says nothing about
the plaintiffs’ case that an Oral Agreement had been entered into between the
parties on SIPL.

240 The plaintiffs plead that one of the terms of the Oral Agreement was that
“the ultimate objective … was to list [SIPL] on NASDAQ, a stock exchange in
the United States of America”. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

SOC 2 at para 15(c).

It is not clear to this Court what exactly this means. It is not claimed that
the defendant undertook to list SIPL by a particular date or by the end of any
stated period. Indeed, it is hard to see how the defendant could agree to be
subjected to such a term – by way of an obligation imposed on himself. The
goal of an eventual listing on NASDAQ was an aspiration – a listing whose
success would depend on numerous variables and circumstances, some or many of
which the parties will have little control over.

241 Where the parties have acted in reliance on an agreement, the court is
generally more inclined to find an intention that the agreement is binding
(The Law of Contract in Singapore (supra [225]) at para 05.025). Yet, whether
the court does so must depend on the facts of the case at hand. In any case,
it does not seem that the Court is being asked to find an implied agreement
based on conduct. Instead, what the plaintiffs rely on are verbal discussions
over a somewhat amorphous period of time on a number of topics out of which an
oral contract has allegedly arisen. Whilst the plaintiffs plead that the Oral
Agreement was entered into sometime in 2010, I have noted that some of the
alleged terms of the agreement were only discussed and agreed to in 2011. In
particular, the term that the defendant and plaintiffs would collectively hold
51% of the shares in SIPL while the remaining 49% would be held by investors
from the PRC only came about in June 2011 (supra [53]). 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 120.

Oral Agreement and the Subscription Agreement

242 What remains is the possibility that the Oral Agreement is founded on, or
evidenced by, the Subscription Agreement (as mentioned at [231] and [232]
above). There are, however, several difficulties that arise. First, the
pleadings do not make clear whether this is the position the plaintiffs are
taking in terms of the relationship between the Oral Agreement and
Subscription Agreement.

243 What the Statement of Claim (as amended) pleads is that “[o]n or about 24
January 2011, in furtherance of the Oral Agreement, [SIPL], the Plaintiffs and
the Defendant entered into a subscription agreement … with an investor from
PRC, Chi Jiayu.” 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

SOC 2, para 17.

The plaintiffs’ position is that the Subscription Agreement arose after the
Oral Agreement. To be sure, the terms of the Subscription Agreement and the
details (such as they were) are not identical to the alleged Oral Agreement.
Nevertheless, the key terms in the Subscription Agreement are substantially
the same as the Oral Agreement. One interpretation is that the Oral Agreement
was replaced or subsumed within the Subscription Agreement. Another is that
the written terms of the Subscription Agreement are relevant as evidence
supporting the plaintiffs’ case that they had entered into an Oral Agreement
prior to the Subscription Agreement.

244 The first possibility, which is in any case denied by the plaintiffs,
cannot succeed. As noted above (supra [231]), the parties to the Subscription
Agreement are not the same as the alleged Oral Agreement. The key provision of
the Oral Agreement relied on is the defendant’s promise to raise US$20m and to
thereafter procure the transfer and disbursement of US$900,000 as Founders’
Fees to the plaintiffs and the defendant. The Subscription Agreement, on the
other hand, which includes SIPL and the investor, states in cl 5 that
Completion only arises when US$15m has been paid to SIPL and US$5m has been
paid to the Founders (supra [163]). It is noted that cl 5 imposes the
obligation to make the payments on the Investor. There is nothing in the
Subscription Agreement on how the U$5m is to be split or distributed between
the Founders. In light of these points, the plaintiffs’ basic case rightly
remains founded on the Oral Agreement with the defendant, and the argument
appears to be that the Subscription Agreement evidences or confirms the
existence of the Oral Agreement.

Is the Subscription Agreement valid?

245 Evidently, it is not strictly necessary to decide whether the Subscription
Agreement was properly entered into and binding on SIPL, Mr Chi, the
plaintiffs and the defendant. Nevertheless, the plaintiffs have argued that
the defendant cannot dispute the validity, terms and parties to the
Subscription Agreement since the defendant had conceded that the Subscription
Agreement had been entered into. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at paras 26, 27 and 74.

For example, the defendant has pleaded that “[w]hile the Plaintiffs, the
Defendant, [SIPL] and Mr Chi had entered into an undated Subscription
Agreement, no funds were received by [SIPL] under the Subscription Agreement”
[emphasis added]. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 10(c).

Further, while the defendant denies in his pleadings that the undated
Subscription Agreement was signed in furtherance of the Oral Agreement, the
fact that the plaintiffs, the defendant, Mr Chi and SIPL had entered into the
Subscription Agreement is admitted. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 17.

246 Leaving aside for the moment the defendant’s pleading that the
Subscription Agreement had been entered into, there are some troubling
features with the Subscription Agreement. The circumstances in which the
Subscription Agreement was apparently signed has been set out in some detail
already. Even if, as the plaintiffs allege, these points cannot be used now by
the defendant to challenge the fact that the Subscription Agreement was
entered into, they may provide some assistance when the Court examines whether
the investor, Mr Chi, likely went on to perform his side of the bargain and
raise US$20m in funds.

247 The troubling points include:

(a) the absence of any date for the signatures on the execution page;

(b) the fact that Mr Chi signed several days prior to the plaintiffs and
defendant;

(c) the fact that the body of the Subscription Agreement in evidence is
undated;

(d) the fact that the plaintiffs were never given sight of the complete
Subscription Agreement as translated into Chinese for Mr Chi’s signature and
approval;

(e) the fact that the complete signed agreement is not even in evidence (an
important point, as it appears there were a few drafts of the agreement);

(f) the lack of detail and clarity on points such as the duties and
obligations imposed on the Founders in respect of the Solvesam software, the
governing law and so on; and

(g) the fact that there is no signature or seal for SIPL.

248 For these reasons, even though Mr Chi appears to have signed the execution
page, it is not possible to come to the conclusion that Mr Chi did so with the
intention of being legally bound. Mr Chi’s signature is undated. Mr Chi also
states that he was signing for HKFXI as the investor. At the time when Mr Chi
signed, no one else had signed the execution page. The actual body of the
Subscription Agreement (in Chinese) which Mr Chi read is not in evidence at
all. Further, at the time when Mr Chi signed (around 24 Feb 2011), it is
obvious that he could not have conducted or completed any due diligence
enquiries. The amount that was required (US$20m) was very substantial and
completion was supposed to take place no later than 6 months after execution
of the Subscription Agreement.

249 If it was not for the fact that the plaintiffs and defendant pleaded that
the Subscription Agreement had been entered into, this Court would have had
some difficulty concluding that a reasonable person in the shoes of the
plaintiffs would have taken Mr Chi’s signature on the bare execution page and
without the body of the Subscription Agreement attached as signifying his
intention to be bound.

250 In the end, as will be seen, nothing much turns on this point. Even if the
Subscription Agreement was validly entered into, the fact that there is no
subsequent supplementary agreement on the rights, duties, obligations of the
plaintiffs and defendant vis-à-vis Mr Chi or his investment/fund company is
surprising, if Mr Chi had indeed performed by raising US$20m and transferring
the same (or making them available) to the defendant for use under the
Subscription Agreement.

251 The defendant may have accepted that a Subscription Agreement had been
entered into, but if Mr Chi did not (or could not) raise the funds, the
defendant would not be in a position to procure transfer and payment of the
Founders’ Fees out of those funds. Under the Subscription Agreement, there is
no doubt that Mr Chi had to raise the funds and transfer the same in
accordance with the completion timeline in Schedule 2. No doubt, the
plaintiffs rely on their pleading that a term of the Oral Agreement was that
the defendant would procure the eventual transfer and disbursement of the
funds raised for payment of US$900,000 to the plaintiffs as Founders’ Fees.
But what was the timeline for such payment? The plaintiffs themselves refer to
the 6-month completion timeline in the Subscription Agreement, but that
agreement requires funds to be provided by Mr Chi.

252 Having regard to the circumstances as a whole, I am of the view that the
plaintiffs have failed to make out their claim that the parties had entered
into any Oral Agreement. The totality of the evidence, including that relating
to the Subscription Agreement, suggests that parties had many shared
aspirations relating to the Solvesam software and the future of SIPL. These
included shared aspirations about receiving investment capital for developing
the Solvesam software and distributing these among the plaintiffs and the
defendant. There is no doubt that the parties even acted on these shared
aspirations. Shared aspirations, however, do not make a contract.

Fraudulent misrepresentation and deceit

253 The plaintiffs’ alternative claim in misrepresentation and deceit is based
on the assertion that the defendant made false statements during the
discussions in late 2010 and early 2011 which were intended to induce the
plaintiffs to enter into the Subscription Agreement between the plaintiffs,
the defendant, Mr Chi and SIPL. The plaintiffs are not claiming rescission of
the contract on grounds of misrepresentation under the Misrepresentation Act
(Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed). Instead the claim is predicated on s 2(1) which
states:

Where a person has entered into a contract after a misrepresentation has been
made to him by another party thereto and as a result thereof he has suffered
loss, then, if the person making the misrepresentation would be liable to
damages in respect thereof had the misrepresentation been made fraudulently,
that person shall be so liable notwithstanding that the misrepresentation was
not made fraudulently, unless he proves that he had reasonable ground to
believe and did believe up to the time the contract was made that the facts
represented were true.

254 In addition, there is the possibility of a claim in the common law tort of
deceit. The following passages from The Law of Contract in Singapore (supra
[225] at paras 11.001 and 11.004) provide a helpful summary of the principles:

Many things are said en route to a concluded contract. Some of these
statements are likely to be promises, and if these promises are incorporated
as terms of the contract, the consequences of their non-fulfilment lie to be
determined by the principles of breach. There will however also be other
statements which do not get incorporated into the contract. Oftentimes, these
statements play a not insignificant part in persuading the person to whom the
statements were made … to enter into contractual relations with the maker of
the statements … If these statements turn out to be false or misleading, the
representee is not necessarily without remedy just because the statements were
not incorporated as terms of the contract ultimately concluded. Much depends
on the nature of the statement and the role it played in inducing the
contract.

…

A representee, who is the victim of a misrepresentation fraudulently made,
will be able to claim damages in an action in the tort of deceit. A
misrepresentation, made in circumstances that amount to a breach of a duty of
care … will similarly give the representee a right to claim in damages in the
tort of negligence. A misrepresentation made negligently, in the sense that
the representor had no reasonable grounds upon which to believe in the truth
of the facts asserted, will also give the representee a claim, pursuant to the
Misrepresentation Act, for damages for losses suffered. Even where the
misrepresentation was wholly innocent, the representee may be awarded damages
in lieu of rescission at the discretion of the court.

[emphasis in original]

255 In short, even if no binding contract (whether the Subscription Agreement
or the Oral Agreement) was entered into, if the plaintiffs can show that a
false representation of fact was fraudulently made with the intention that it
be relied on, and that it resulted in the plaintiffs suffering loss or damage
as a result of their reliance on the representation, a claim for damages may
arise in the tort of deceit: see Panatron Pte Ltd v Lee Cheow Lee [2001] 2
SLR(R) 435. Following the Court of Appeal’s decision in Ernest Ferdinand Perez
De La Sala v Compañia De Navegación Palomar, SA [2018] 1 SLR 894 at [173], it
is sufficient if the representation is substantially false. This is to be
determined by an assessment as to whether the discrepancy between the facts as
represented and the facts as they existed would have influenced the mind of a
normal representee.

256 The representations relied on and pleaded by the plaintiffs are as
follows:

(a) The defendant intended to lead the fund-raising exercise for the Solvesam
project in the name of SIPL (with the ultimate objective to list on NASDAQ)
without any link back to Tecbiz.

(b) The funds raised for the Solvesam project under the Subscription Agreement
had to be under the defendant’s control because this was a key requirement of
the potential investors’ representative who only trusted the defendant to
control the funds.

(c) The defendant intended to procure the eventual transfer and disbursement
of the funds as follows:

(i) USD$900,000 to each of the plaintiffs and the defendant;

(ii) US$2.3m as expenses for the fund-raising exercise; and

(iii) US$15m for the Solvesam project as part of SIPL’s working capital

(d) The defendant had successfully raised funds for one of his other business
ventures, a development stage company in the United States known as Techmedia
Advertising Inc (TECM) which was to be listed on NASDAQ.

257 It is immediately apparent that some, if not most, of the representations
are statements of intention in respect of future conduct. These are

(a) the intention to lead the fund-raising in the name of SIPL with no link
back to Tecbiz;

(b) the intention to procure the distribution of the funds when raised in the
manner pleaded; and

(c) the intention to list SIPL on NASDAQ as the ultimate objective of the
Solvesam project.

258 It is established law that in order for a statement to be actionable, the
statement must relate to a matter of fact either present or past: The Law of
Contract in Singapore (supra [225]) at para 11.026, citing Chao Hick Tin J (as
he then was) in Bestland Development Pte Ltd v Thasin Development Pte Ltd
[1991] SGHC 27).

259 In the same vein, a statement by the maker that he will do something or
intends to do something in the future is not ordinarily a statement of fact:
see Tan Chin Seng v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd (“Raffles Town Club”) [2003] 3
SLR(R) 307 at [21] that a representation relates to “some existing fact” or
“some past event” and “contains no element of futurity” and “must be
distinguished from a statement of intention”. As was aptly stated by Saville J
in Bank Leumi Le Israel BM v British National Insurance Co Ltd [1988] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 71 at 75, a statement as to a future state of affairs can in
itself be neither true nor false when made “since the future cannot be
foretold”.

260 This does not, however, mean that a statement of intention made during the
course of negotiations never carries legal consequences. In appropriate
situations, the making of the statement may be used as part of the surrounding
circumstances that leads to the finding of an implied term. The Raffles Town
Club case is one such example, where statements made in a club’s promotional
materials about it being an exclusive and premier club supported a finding
that there was an implied term to the effect that the club would exercise its
discretionary powers to remain as such a club. Alternatively, legal
consequences may arise because the statement of intention is supported by a
finding that there was an accompanying representation that the speaker
possessed an honest belief or expectation based on reasonable grounds that
events will turn out as forecasted. Closely related is the principle that a
statement of a person’s intent can include a representation that the person
does in fact hold that intent. A misrepresentation as to the state of a
person’s mind is a misstatement of fact (albeit one that can be hard to
prove).

261 A key argument for the assertion that the defendant did not hold the
professed intention to raise funds for Solvesam and apportion the Founders’
Fees to the plaintiffs, concerns the alleged similarity between the Solvesam
project fund-raising and the defendant’s offering of securities without a
licence in relation to TECM (supra [47]). The plaintiffs’ case is that just as
investors were persuaded to provide funds for TECM on the basis that TECM
would be listed on NASDAQ, the same or substantially similar “carrot” was used
by the defendant in the Solvesam project to entice the plaintiffs and
investors. The truth, according to the plaintiffs, was that the defendant,
from the outset, never intended for SIPL to be listed on NASDAQ. Instead, he
intended to use the Solvesam project to raise funds for the purposes of
dishonestly lining his own pocket and enriching himself at the expense of the
investors and his erstwhile partners. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

SOC 2 at para 26.

262 After considering the evidence and submissions, I am unable to agree with
the plaintiffs. TECM was apparently a “development project” undertaken by the
defendant. The Statement of Facts (“SOF”) presented against the defendant in
respect of the charge for dealing in securities without a licence makes it
clear that the investors and persons involved in TECM are different and do not
involve the plaintiffs. The SOF states that in order to raise funds for TECM,
the board of directors, including the defendant, resolved to offer private
placement shares to private individuals from September 2008. The defendant had
himself, between April and July 2009, offered various persons opportunities to
subscribe for securities in TECM.

263 Indeed, it bears repeating that the plaintiffs were invited to participate
in the TECM listing in 2008 (by subscribing for shares) but they decided
against taking up the invitation.

264 A substantial amount of money was raised from the sale of securities to
investors. Investors with US dollar accounts remitted their investment money
directly to a trust account set up on behalf of TECM. Investors who did not
have a US dollar account would pass their investment money directly to the
defendant, who would purportedly transfer the money to the trust account. As
it turned out, TECM failed to be listed on the NASDAQ, but was instead listed
on OTC BB and thereafter downgraded to OTC Pink Sheets on 20 December 2010.

265 On 4 May 2011, a police report was lodged against one “Raymond” and the
investigations involved the defendant. Ultimately, the defendant pleaded
guilty and was convicted, on 31 March 2014, of an offence under s 82(1) of the
Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289, 2006 Rev Ed) for carrying on a business
in the dealing of securities without a valid capital markets services license.
He was fined S$150,000, in default of which he was to serve a sentence of 15
months’ imprisonment.

266 Based on the material available to this Court, the defendant’s charge and
conviction relating to TECM concerned his act of dealing in securities without
a valid capital market service licence. The defendant was not convicted of an
offence of fraud or cheating of the investors. I do note the SOF presented
against the defendant states that Raymond, who had been engaged to source for
interested investors, had informed a potential investor in 2008 that TECM was
expected to be listed on NASDAQ. At that time, TECM was listed on OTC BB. The
investor, believing that TECM was going to be listed on NASDAQ, invested
monies to acquire shares in TECM. But as it turned out, TECM was eventually
downgraded to OTC Pink Sheets. A police report was lodged by the investor
against Raymond.

267 The point, however, is that whilst TECM did not manage to list on NASDAQ,
it is undisputed that it was listed on OTC BB and subsequently transferred to
OTC Pink Sheets. There is nothing to show that the defendant never intended to
achieve a NASDAQ listing. The fact that TECM did not achieve a NASDAQ listing
is not evidence that the defendant never intended to try to place TECM on
NASDAQ. Indeed, the SOF makes clear that the police report filed by the
investor was against Raymond. Further, there is nothing to suggest that any
investor has sued or taken out proceedings against TECM or the defendant for
cheating or fraud. There is also no evidence before this Court that Raymond
has been sued or prosecuted for fraud.

268 In any case, this Court notes that the controversies surrounding TECM date
back to around 2008 and 2009, and the conviction for the securities offence
dates back to early 2014. It does not appear or at least there is no evidence
that any TECM investor has filed a suit against the defendant. Whilst the
first plaintiff states that he has heard that there are TECM investors who are
very unhappy and who intend to sue, it is unclear what the unhappiness
concerns (failure to achieve a NASDAQ listing, fraud or something else), and
in any event this is purely hearsay. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 193.

269 The plaintiffs raise the TECM controversy in their pleadings to show that
the defendant has a modus operandi or system that he uses to dishonestly raise
funds. According to the plaintiffs, TECM is evidence that the defendant never
had the intention to carry through his undertakings/promises such as listing
SIPL on NASDAQ, paying the Founders’ Fees out of the funds raised and so on.

270 In coming to my decision, I have noted s 15 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97,
1997 Rev Ed) which provides as follows:

Facts bearing on question whether act was accidental or intentional

15\. When there is a question whether an act was accidental or intentional or
done with a particular knowledge or intention, the fact that such act formed
part of a series of similar occurrences, in each of which the person doing the
act was concerned, is relevant.

271 The first statutory illustration deals with a case where a person is
accused of burning his house down to obtain insurance money. The fact that the
same person lived in several houses, each of which he insured, in each of
which a fire occurred and in respect of each of which he received an insurance
payment from a different insurance office, is relevant as tending to show that
the fire was not accidental.

272 Neither party addressed the law on similar fact evidence in the
submissions. The TECM episode was not even referred to in the plaintiffs’
closing submissions as similar fact evidence tending to show that the
defendant did not have the intention to list SIPL on NASDAQ. This is despite
the fact that the first plaintiff in his evidence made much of the shock which
he felt on discovering how strikingly similar the defendant’s fund-raising
events for TECM and SIPL were, and his conclusion that the defendant’s
participation in the Solvesam project was part of the defendant’s modus
operandi. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 193(b) and 196.

273 In light of this, I shall only briefly touch on the basic principles. I
begin with the general observation that whilst there are many authorities on
similar fact evidence in criminal cases, there are fewer reported cases on
similar fact evidence in civil cases. Indeed, some commentators have
questioned whether principles on similar fact evidence developed in respect of
criminal proceedings are fully applicable in civil cases (see, eg, Ho Hock
Lai, A Philosophy of Evidence Law – Justice in the Search for Truth (Oxford
University Press, 2008) at p 337).

274 In Singapore, use of similar fact evidence in civil cases has featured in
two relatively recent cases. The first is Hin Hup Bus Service (a firm) v Tay
Chwee Hiang and another [2006] 4 SLR(R) 723 (“Hin Hup Bus Service”). In this
case, Lai Siu Chiu J, after referring to prior cases on similar fact evidence
in criminal proceedings, cited the English decision Mood Music Publishing Co
Ltd v De Wolfe Ltd [1976] Ch 119 for the proposition that the principles on
similar fact evidence were the same in criminal and civil cases (at [40]). The
general principle was that similar fact evidence was admissible in civil cases
if the evidence was logically probative (ie logically relevant in determining
the matter in issue), provided that its probative value outweighed its
prejudicial value – which required that the evidence not be oppressive or
unfair and also that the other side had fair notice of it and was able to deal
with it (Hin Hup Bus Services at [40]).

275 The second case is the decision of Choo Han Teck J in Rockline Ltd and
others v Anil Thadani and others [2009] SGHC 209 where a similar view was
expressed, albeit with the gloss at [2] that the court in a criminal case is
likely to be stricter when exercising its discretion in admitting similar fact
evidence.

276 Given that this Court does not have the benefit of submissions on similar
fact evidence, I shall confine myself to the following observation. Whilst
similar fact evidence can be used to establish intention in appropriate cases,
the law has long approached the use of such evidence with care and caution. In
some cases, the evidence may have very little or no probative value at all. In
other cases, the evidence may give rise to an inference of knowledge or
intention strong enough to place an evidential burden on the other side to
rebut the inference. In all such cases, the court will naturally examine with
care the degree of similarity and the nature of the issues in question before
reaching any conclusion. In making this observation I am mindful of the
statement of Steven Chong J (as he then was) in Public Prosecutor v Mas Swan
bin Adnan and another [2011] SGHC 107 at [107] that following Law Society of
Singapore v Tan Guat Neo Phyllis [2008] 2 SLR(R) 239, admissibility of similar
fact evidence has to be determined according to the categories of relevance
under ss 14 and 15 of the Evidence Act.

277 In the present case, I am not persuaded that the TECM events are similar
to such an extent that an inference can be drawn that the defendant was
setting out to cheat the plaintiffs (and the investors) in the Solvesam
project. All that can be said is that while there was talk of a TECM listing
in the US, things went wrong or did not go as hoped for. TECM did not achieve
a NASDAQ listing and was placed instead on OTC BB. Thereafter, the failure to
file certain financial statements led to the transfer of TECM to OTC Pink
Sheets. The trading activity of the defendant without the necessary licence
also led to his conviction under the Securities and Futures Act in 2014.
Whilst these are serious matters, they do not necessarily support the
conclusion that the defendant engages in a discrete pattern of activity
wherein his objective is to defraud investors and/or his partners or business
associates.

278 Putting aside TECM, the plaintiffs do not have any other sufficient
evidence or basis for the assertion that the defendant made the
representations with the intention of lining his own pockets, and with no
intention of using the monies for the Solvesam project. The Court is reminded
that where allegations of fraud and dishonesty are made in a civil case, more
evidence is required to establish fraud and dishonesty even though the
standard of proof remains set at a balance of probabilities. In short, the
Court does not lightly make findings of fraud and dishonesty (see
Visionhealthone Corp Pte Ltd v HD Holdings Pte Ltd and others and another
appeal [2013] SGCA 47 at [43]).

279 The evidence as to what happened in early 2011 is consistent with the
defendant making efforts to raise funds through his contacts in China and
specifically with Mr Chi. The defendant also broached the question of bringing
BPI on board (by means of merger or acquisition) in order to improve the
chances of success in the hoped-for development of SIPL to a position whereby
a listing was a realistic proposition. SIPL without BPI would only have one
asset and business stream - the Solvesam software and software asset
management services.

280 Whilst Solvesam V1.0 was up and running, it is clear that the downstream
success of the Solvesam project and the anticipated penetration of the market
in China rested heavily on development plans that lay in the future. I have no
doubt that the plaintiffs and the defendant were excited about the prospects
but, that said, the comment from BPI that the planned features were already
available in the US market provides food for thought. There is no doubt that
the defendant did from time to time refer to his financial prowess and the
listing of TECM to rally support. Indeed, whilst the evidence is confused, it
may well be that the defendant at times erroneously (knowingly or otherwise)
stated that TECM had achieved a NASDAQ listing when in fact it had only been
listed on OTC BB and later OTC Pink Sheets. This does not mean, however, that
the defendant never possessed the intention to develop SIPL for the purpose of
a listing in NASDAQ.

281 The fact that the defendant had operational control of SIPL’s bank account
with DBS Hong Kong also does not establish that the defendant had always
intended to use the Solvesam project to line his own pockets. It is clear and
undisputed that the defendant informed the plaintiffs that two directors were
required to open the account. The defendant could not open the account on his
own and the plaintiffs decided that the second plaintiff would open the
account with the defendant. The second plaintiff, it will be recalled, was at
that time based in China. There was no reason why the first plaintiff could
not have been a signatory on the account. In any case, the plaintiffs knew
that SIPL had opened a Hong Kong account into which monies were to be
deposited. The second plaintiff even had an internet token which allowed him
to view transactions – although there is some uncertainty as to when he
received the token. In any case, there is no doubt that when the plaintiffs
requested for copies of the Hong Kong bank statements, the defendant readily
complied (see [83] above). There is, in my view, some force to the defendant’s
point that if he had set out to cheat the plaintiffs, he would not have used
SIPL’s DBS Hong Kong account to hold the monies raised for SIPL.

282 To conclude this section of my judgment, I have come to the view that the
plaintiffs have failed to establish that the defendant, when making the
statements or representations, did not have an honest belief or expectation
based on reasonable grounds that events would turn out as forecasted. Neither
have they established that the defendant did not in fact at that time hold the
intention of using the funds raised for the Solvesam project.

283 For this reason, the plaintiffs’ case for fraudulent misrepresentation and
deceit fails. Before I turn to the plaintiffs’ next cause of action (breach of
constructive trust), for completeness, there are some other reasons why the
plaintiffs’ case for fraudulent misrepresentation and deceit fails.

284 The first additional reason relates to the issue of pleadings and the
defendant’s alleged statement that TECM had been listed on NASDAQ. Assuming
for the moment that the defendant had stated that TECM had been listed on
NASDAQ (as a statement of fact, as opposed to a statement of intention that it
was a goal for TECM to achieve a NASDAQ listing), the plaintiffs would still
have to establish that they relied on that TECM representation and that the
TECM representation was made with the knowledge that it was false or in the
absence of any genuine belief that it was true (see Panatron Pte Ltd v Lee
Cheow Lee (supra [255]) at [14]). In addition, the plaintiffs would have to
show that they suffered damage as a result of such reliance.

285 The difficulty, however, is that the plaintiffs do not plead that the
representation made was that TECM had already been listed on NASDAQ. Instead,
the Statement of Claim (as amended) pleads that the defendant had successfully
raised funds for TECM “which was to be listed on NASDAQ”. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

SOC 2 at para 23(d).

Under cross-examination, the first plaintiff’s response was that the pleading
was wrong and that the correct position was that the representation made by
the defendant was that TECM had already been listed. Counsel for the defendant
points out that these amendments to the Statement of Claim were introduced
after several hearings over the plaintiffs’ attempt to include mention of TECM
in the Statement of Claim. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 90.

The defendant through his counsel urges the Court to disregard what he
characterises as a “last-ditch” attempt to “amend” the pleadings by way of the
first plaintiff’s responses in cross-examination.

286 To be clear, the plaintiffs did not in fact make any application to amend
the pleading during the trial. Further, whilst it is a fair point that the
plaintiffs should have made the position clearer in their pleadings on the
nature of the representation concerning TECM and its listing, I have come to
the view that the defendant would not have suffered any substantial prejudice
if an amendment was applied for and granted. The defendant in his evidence-in-
chief accepts that he could have made passing references to TECM but adds that
he did not discuss details because “TECM is in a completely different business
as that of [SIPL] and TECM was already listed on the United States Over The
Counter Bulletin Board”. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 93.

Furthermore, the defendant was cross-examined on the remarks made in respect
of TECM and NASDAQ and had the opportunity to respond to the plaintiffs’
position in evidence. He denied having made any statement that TECM had been
listed on NASDAQ. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

CT, 19 March 2018, p 77 (lines 3–25).

287 In the end, nothing turns on the pleading point since I have come to the
view that the action in fraudulent misrepresentation and deceit would fail
even if the TECM/NASDAQ statement had been pleaded as a statement of fact.

288 Even if the defendant made the statement that TECM had been listed on
NASDAQ, knowing it to be false or with reckless disregard to its truth or
falsity, the plaintiffs must establish an adequate causal link between the
statement and the act said to constitute reliance. Academic commentaries have
noted the possibility that proof of reliance is not necessary in cases
involving fraud: that is to say, cases where the speaker intentionally made
the false statement to induce entry into a contract (see The Law of Contract
in Singapore (supra [225]) at para 11.067 et seq citing Jurong Town Corp v
Wishing Star Ltd [2005] 3 SLR(R) 283, which observes that it does not lie in
the mouth of the representor who had made false representations to argue that
the representations did not operate as an operative inducement). Nevertheless,
as The Law of Contract in Singapore at [11.069] states, “there is however
little doubt that relief for misrepresentation is predicated upon proof of
actual inducement. See also Ang Sin Hock v Khoo Eng Lim [2010] 3 SLR 179. Even
so as The Law of Contract in Singapore notes at [11.071] the preferred
approach in the case of fraud is that a (rebuttable) presumption of inducement
arises.

289 Reliance does not mean that the misrepresentation must be the only factor
in play: it is enough if it played a real and substantial part in operating on
the mind of the representee. Furthermore, once causation (reliance) is
established, the fact that the representee had an opportunity to verify the
truth is not relevant, for “[a] knave does not escape liability because he is
dealing with a fool”: per Brennan J in Gould v Vaggelas (1985) 157 CLR 215 at
252; see also The Law of Contract in Singapore (supra [225]) at para 11.076.
It is only if the misrepresentation had no causal effect at all (ie, no effect
on the representee) that the claim for fraudulent misrepresentation and deceit
will fail.

290 In the present case, the plaintiffs were aware of the defendant’s
involvement in TECM well before the discussions over the Solvesam project and
fund-raising by the defendant in late 2010. Under cross-examination on the
date when the defendant allegedly said that TECM had been listed on NASDAQ,
the first plaintiff responded that “[i]t was around 2010, probably around
October” and “very likely to be through his email”. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

CT, 14 March 2018, p 118 (lines 2–7).

There is, however, no such October 2010 email in evidence where the defendant
makes that statement of fact. Instead, as the defendant’s counsel points out,
the only email in evidence that refers to TECM is an email dated 18 September
2008, where the defendant informed the plaintiffs of TECM and invited them to
participate by subscribing for shares in the planned listing. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

Defendant’s closing submissions, para 93.

291 The plaintiffs (in particular, the first plaintiff) was not lacking
experience or knowledge of fund-raising and listings on stock markets. In
2009, the plaintiffs had considered an attempt to list Tecbiz on Phillips
Securities OTC Board but decided not to make the attempt, having reached the
conclusion that the action was premature. Further, Tecbiz at that time had
engaged Spring Seeds and Sirius for investments and entered into a detailed
Subscription Agreement (see [22]–[25] above). Then again, in late 2010 or
early 2011 when the defendant raised the desirability of bringing on board BPI
into SIPL, the first plaintiff must have been aware that BPI was at that time
listed on Phillips Securities OTC Board in Singapore and would have to be
delisted in preparation for the merger and acquisition by SIPL.

292 The point this Court makes is that even if the defendant made a statement
that he had succeeded in listing TECM on NASDAQ, there is nothing to suggest
that the statement had any impact on the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs already
knew the defendant was connected with the TECM listing in the United States.
The first plaintiff, in particular, was well aware that there were different
forms of listing in the United States and Singapore. There is nothing in the
evidence to suggest that the plaintiffs ever asked for details or
clarification concerning the TECM listing. If indeed this was such a material
factor in the plaintiffs’ decision to enter into the Subscription Agreement,
one would have thought that the plaintiffs would have sought more information
from the defendant.

293 After reviewing the evidence, I have come to the conclusion that whilst
the defendant did make references to TECM and NASDAQ in late 2010 and early
2011, these were passing references by way of boasts and “self-praise”. A
reasonable person in the plaintiffs’ position would have treated the
references as nothing more than the defendant’s attempt to underscore his
financial and business experience and ability to raise investment funds. In
making this comment, the Court is not going so far as to say that the
statement is nothing more than “mere praise” or “puffing and pushing” that
does not amount to making any representation (see Chao Hick Tin J in Bestland
Development Pte Ltd (supra [258]) and The Law of Contract in Singapore (supra
[225]) at para 11.048). But the point is that even if the defendant made a
statement of fact on TECM and its NASDAQ listing, there is nothing to suggest
that the plaintiffs would have acted differently if they had been told instead
that TECM was only listed in the US on OTC BB or OTC Pink Sheets. The
principal business activity of TECM was to provide outdoor media solutions to
advertisers in India. In the case of the Solvesam project, the plaintiffs were
well aware that achieving a listing on NASDAQ was not in any sense guaranteed.
Much developmental work was still needed on the Solvesam software and a lot
would also depend on the success of the plans to penetrate and dominate the
China market.

294 The comments by Gary Chan Kok Yew in The Law of Torts in Singapore
(Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2016) at para 14.019 are instructive, namely,
that “[w]here the facts relating to the representation made are publicly
available and can be easily ascertained by the plaintiff, it may be difficult
for the plaintiff to show reliance on the defendant’s representation.” In
support, reference was made to Quah Poh Hoe Peter v Probo Pacific Leasing Pte
Ltd [1992] 3 SLR(R) 400 (“Quah Poh Hoe Peter”). This was a case where two
yachts were leased to a named company under separate contracts. It was
discovered after the default payments of rent that the company was not in fact
registered. In this context, an issue arose as to whether the owner reasonably
relied on a representation (that the guarantor was going to work at the
company) for its belief that the company existed. The Court of Appeal found
that the representee (the owner) could not reasonably have relied on a
representation as to the existence of a company as this was a fact that could
easily have been established by conducting a search at the Registry of
Companies (Quah Poh Hoe Peter at [13]). Further, the owner must have already
satisfied itself that the company existed since it had already leased the
other vessel to the same company. Likewise, on the present facts, information
on companies listed on NASDAQ is information that is readily available.

295 In the Court’s view, what mattered was the fact that the defendant had
experience in raising funds and investments and was trusted by the plaintiffs.
Indeed, in the case of TECM, it is apparent that funds were indeed raised –
although, as noted, a NASDAQ listing was not achieved and there were problems
arising from the sale of securities without a licence. Further, the question
whether TECM was listed on NASDAQ was a matter that could easily have been
established had the plaintiffs conducted a simple search.

296 The second additional reason relates to the alleged falsity of the
statements made by the defendant. This has been dealt with already, but to be
clear and for sake of completeness, there is little to support the assertion
that the defendant never intended (i) to lead the fund-raising project in the
name of SIPL and without links back to Tecbiz; and (ii) to procure the
eventual transfer and disbursement of US$900,000 from the funds raised as
Founders’ Fees.

297 The defendant clearly did engage in fund-raising for the Solvesam project
and there were certainly references in promotional material to Tecbiz. If one
were to disregard the terms of the alleged Oral Agreement, this would seem
unremarkable given that the Solvesam software originated from Tecbiz, an IT
company with an established business. SIPL was a new company with no track
record of its own and it would stand to reason that explanations would have to
be provided to potential investors as to the historical connection with
Tecbiz. After all, the plan was for Tecbiz to transfer the Solvesam software
to SIPL. Further, existing users of Tecbiz’s software asset management
services would obviously be aware that the Solvesam software was a Tecbiz
product. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 73.

Indeed, the plaintiffs registered the Solvesam software in China under
Tecbiz’s name – with the intention of later transferring the registration to
SIPL.

298 The plaintiffs appear to take objection to any mention of Tecbiz in the
fund-raising exercise for SIPL. The basis for this objection, however, is hard
to understand. The evidence was that the plaintiffs wanted to ensure that
Tecbiz’s core business in computer forensics remained intact after SIPL was
set up. The only part of Tecbiz’s business that was to be transferred to SIPL
was the Solvesam software for the Solvesam project. It does not follow that it
was a requirement that there must be no mention of Tecbiz at all: not even for
the purposes of explaining the background and origin of the Solvesam project
as what was, in substance, a “spin-off” from Tecbiz. If the reason there had
to be “anonymity” of origination was because the plaintiffs were concerned
that the reputation of Tecbiz might be hurt if the Solvesam software did not
become the anticipated success story, the position should have been made much
clearer if the defendant was to understand that this was the meaning of “no
links” back to Tecbiz.

299 In any case, even if the defendant had accepted that Tecbiz’s name would
not appear in any fund-raising material, the point remains that the documents
prepared by the plaintiffs themselves on the Solvesam software expressly
connected Tecbiz with Solvesam. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 73 and 90.

Prior to the resignation of the plaintiffs from SIPL in July 2011, the rights
to the Solvesam software remained with Tecbiz. The registration of the
Solvesam software in China was under Tecbiz and had not yet been assigned or
transferred to SIPL. Any promotion of the Solvesam project prior to the
plaintiffs’ resignation (which they accept constituted termination, in any
case, of whatever agreement they had with the defendant) would inevitably make
references to Tecbiz.

300 Whilst there was evidence that some of the online falsehoods published in
China indicated that Tecbiz was the Solvesam project vehicle, the defendant
has denied any association with these statements. He claims he was also upset
by the posts and was trying to find out who was responsible. Whoever may have
been responsible, any interested potential investor in China might have easily
drawn a connection between Tecbiz and the Solvesam software if he had come
across Tecbiz’s own material which indicated that Solvesam belonged to Tecbiz.
239

##### Foot Note 239

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [73]. See also Certified Transcript, 15
March 2018, p 151, line 5 – p 152, line 11.

In short, I am unable to conclude on the basis of the evidence before the
Court that the defendant was responsible for the online falsehoods that the
plaintiffs complained of. Furthermore, the fact that there were some
references in promotional material that referenced Tecbiz does not mean that
the defendant never had the intention, from the outset, to carry out the
Solvesam project with “no links” back to Tecbiz.

301 Turning to the alleged false representation that the defendant intended to
procure payment of the Founders’ Fees out of the funds raised, there is no
basis for the assertion that the defendant did not hold the intention in
question at the time when the representation was made. It is clear that by
early 2011, even before the signing of the Subscription Agreement, it was
likely that the original understanding or plan would need to be modified to
bring in BPI. Indeed, as pointed out earlier (supra [192]), the second
plaintiff even queried what would be the effect of the merger and acquisition
of BPI on the initial fund allocation. In short, this Court is of the view
that any reasonable person in the plaintiffs’ position must have been aware
that the prospective involvement of BPI might well affect any original
understanding on Founders’ Fees.

302 Finally, with regard to the representation that the funds raised for SIPL
under the Subscription Agreement had to be under the defendant’s control
because this was a key requirement of the potential investors’ representative,
there is no evidence that this statement, even if made in this form, was in
any sense false. Indeed, the first plaintiff accepted this under cross-
examination. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 91.

Further, the defendant’s evidence in cross-examination was that in his
discussions with Mr Chi, he informed Mr Chi that whilst he would be
responsible for the funds, two or three directors would be needed to co-manage
the funds in SIPL. In short, his position was that he told the plaintiffs that
Mr Chi required that the defendant remain responsible to Mr Chi for the funds:
not that he has sole managerial control. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 19.

There is no evidence to suggest otherwise.

Constructive trust

303 The plaintiffs’ claim on constructive trust (or the Pallant v Morgan
equity) arises from the decision of Belinda Ang JC (as she then was) in Ong
Heng Chuan and another v Ong Boon Chuan and another [2003] 2 SLR(R) 469 (“Ong
v Ong”), where the High Court followed the English case of Banner Homes Group
Plc v Luff Developments Ltd [2000] Ch 372. Ang JC stated that the elements for
such a constructive trust were as follows (Ong v Ong at [7]):

(a) the existence of an arrangement or common understanding, before property
is acquired by one party that the other should have some interest in it. The
arrangement or understanding need not have contractual effect.

(b) the arrangement or understanding must be that one party will take steps to
acquire the target property on the basis that the non-acquiring party will
acquire an interest in it. If the acquiring party subsequently changes his
mind, he must because of the changed situation inform the non-acquiring party
of this in time for him to be able to adjust his position.

(c) the non-acquiring party must rely on the existence of the understanding.
Reliance may take either one or two forms. This means he must either do
something, or omit to do something, which is either to the advantage of the
acquiring party or to his own detriment. The essential test is whether the
circumstances are such that it is “inequitable for the acquiring party to
retain the property for himself in a manner inconsistent with the arrangement
or understanding on which the non-acquiring party has acted”

304 Aside from denying the existence of any common understanding or
arrangement, the defendant submits that no property was in fact acquired
pursuant to any common understanding, namely, to raise funds for the Solvesam
project in the name of SIPL and with an ultimate goal of a NASDAQ listing. The
defendant’s point is that all the monies raised and placed into SIPL’s DBS
Hong Kong bank account were in fact a mixture of the defendant’s own monies
and monies loaned by Pak Bani. These sums were raised solely in connection
with the acquisition of BPI and not the Solvesam project to develop the
Solvesam software. The monies were not raised by Mr Chi, who had already
decided against proceeding with the investment in SIPL and the Solvesam
project.

305 For the same reasons that I found against the plaintiffs in relation to
breach of the alleged Oral Agreement as well as fraudulent misrepresentation,
the claim built on the asserted constructive trust also fails. In other words,
I am not persuaded that there was an agreement or common understanding in
place. Even putting that difficulty aside, the evidence does not establish, on
a balance of probabilities, that any “target property” was acquired pursuant
to any agreement or common understanding between the parties. As mentioned at
[211]–[212] above, there is no evidence that the funds deposited in SIPL’s DBS
Hong Kong bank account originated from Mr Chi or UWI. The best that the
plaintiffs can say is that the account from which the funds were remitted was
a DBS Hong Kong account held at a branch in Tsim Sha Tsui, where UWI’s
registered office is also located. But that does not take them very far. In
any case, it is not apparent as to what is the detriment that the plaintiffs
suffered as a result of any reliance other than the general claim that they
thereby lost the opportunity to develop Solvesam into a great product. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 109; see also CT, 14 March 2018, pp 44
(line 21) to 45 (line 3).

306 I make the passing observation that the plaintiffs were shareholders and
directors of SIPL as well as Tecbiz. Indeed, prior to the second plaintiff’s
sale of his Tecbiz shares to the defendant, the plaintiffs had control of
Tecbiz even though the defendant was also a shareholder and non-executive
director. Tecbiz still had ownership and control of the rights to Solvesam.
One of the interested “clients” was none other than Microsoft China who was
well aware that the Solvesam software was a Tecbiz product. If the plaintiffs
believed that the defendant had somehow tricked them into letting him use the
good name of Solvesam and the Solvesam software in some fraudulent scheme to
raise funds from investors with the intent of lining his own pockets, it is
odd that they should then opt to resign from SIPL and especially from Tecbiz
and thereby effectively confer almost full control over the Solvesam software
to the defendant.

The counterclaim

307 The first plaintiff does not deny receiving two cheques totalling
S$400,000 from the defendant in March and April 2011. At this time, the
plaintiffs had not yet decided to pull out of the investment and were working
inter alia on (i) registering the Solvesam software in China; (ii) setting up
the Suzhou office; (iii) opening SIPL’s Hong Kong bank account; and (iv) the
details of the merger and acquisition of BPI.

308 The defendant’s case is that even though it was becoming ever clearer that
Mr Chi was losing interest in Solvesam and SIPL, he was personally pushing
forward with the plan for SIPL to acquire BPI. The complexion of the
relationship and interests of the plaintiffs and the defendant by now had
changed. The Solvesam project was no longer in the driving seat of the plans
for SIPL. Instead, the plan had evolved into one whereby the acquisition and
development of BPI had become the main event so to speak. The defendant’s
position (which the plaintiffs accept) is that BPI was the defendant’s
connection – not the plaintiffs’. The defendant could have chosen to end his
involvement with the plaintiffs, SIPL and Solvesam and simply engage BPI
direct on an investment/development project. Instead, his evidence is that
since SIPL had been set up already, the focus of SIPL would shift to BPI. The
plaintiffs would still be part of SIPL and would benefit from development of
the SIPL-BPI tie up. Further, whilst the defendant’s evidence is not clear, it
appears that his understanding or intention was that once Solvesam had been
fully developed and established a proven revenue stream – then at that stage
it would still be possible (subject to the plaintiff’s agreement) to bring the
Solvesam software into SIPL. It was against this backdrop that the first
plaintiff requested friendly loans in March and April 2011 to assist in home
renovation costs and personal matters.

309 The first plaintiff’s position, of course, is rather different. His
understanding was that the Solvesam project and SIPL remained in place and
that whilst BPI was a new element – it was nothing more than a step along the
road to developing SIPL and achieving the NASDAQ listing. In other words, the
acquisition of BPI was secondary and was just to assist SIPL’s main goal of
developing the Solvesam project. The first plaintiff’s position is that at the
time of the alleged loans, the defendant never indicated that Mr Chi was
getting cold feet or that there were problems with Solvesam (viz its state of
development and revenue stream etc).

310 In coming to my decision on the counterclaim, I have noted that there is
no written document or record of a loan arrangement between the first
plaintiff and the defendant. I note also there is no email or other written
evidence that the defendant ever made a formal demand for repayment prior to
these proceedings.

311 Nevertheless, taking all the evidence into account, I have come to the
view that there is no basis for the assertion that the S$400,000 was by way of
payment of (i) an advance of S$200,000 in March 2011 on the US$900,000 that
the first plaintiff would be entitled to in due course as his share of the
Founders’ Fees if all went to plan; and (ii) payment of another S$200,000 to
the first plaintiff for the sale of 7.5% of his Tecbiz shares to the
defendant.

312 In the case of March 2011 and the alleged payment of an advance on the
Founders’ Fees, it must be noted that, at that time, SIPL had not even opened
a Hong Kong bank account to receive any investment funds. Mr Chi, at that
stage, was carrying out his due diligence enquiries. The S$200,000 cheque was
provided by the defendant and not SIPL. There is no evidence of any record
made in SIPL’s documents or records of the advance payment. Further, whilst
the plaintiffs take the view that, under the Oral Agreement and common
understanding, the duty was imposed on the defendant to pay the Founders’ Fees
– the point remains that this duty would only arise if and when the investment
funds were in fact raised for the purposes of the Solvesam project and SIPL
(whether on a pro rata basis or otherwise).

313 The first plaintiff does not dispute that the first loan was used for home
renovation purposes. Looking at the evidence as a whole, I am satisfied that
the March 2011 cheque was indeed by way of a friendly loan. I do note that
there is no written loan agreement or formal letters of demand. Then again, it
was a friendly loan and it is quite apparent that the first plaintiff and the
defendant were accustomed to dealing with each other on the basis of trust.

314 Finally, in the case of the second cheque in April 2011, I do not accept
the first plaintiff’s explanation that this was by way of payment for the 7.5%
shares in Tecbiz that the first plaintiff had agreed to sell to the defendant.
As noted above (supra [92]), the stamp fee documents clearly state that the
consideration was just S$100,000. The first plaintiff’s explanation that this
was an error is hard to accept especially given an email from the first
plaintiff to Tecbiz’s company secretary confirming the S$100,000 figure for
the transfer of shares. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 111(b).

Miscellaneous points

The District Court proceedings

315 Sometime in 2013, the defendant commenced proceedings in the District
Court against the plaintiffs for contributions under two personal guarantees
executed during their time as directors of Tecbiz in respect of certain bank
loans. The defendant’s claim was that he had fully paid the bank loans owed by
Tecbiz and hence sought to recover contribution from the plaintiffs in the
District Court proceedings. These proceedings have been stayed pending the
determination of the High Court proceedings in the present suit.

316 The defendant made the point that during a period of more than two years
in the District Court proceedings, the plaintiffs never made any reference to
or claim in respect of their alleged entitlement to US$900,000 in Founders’
Fees, not even by way of a defence of set off or counterclaim, or otherwise.
References to the claim for the Founders’ Fees apparently only surfaced in
those proceedings after their pleadings went through five rounds of
amendments.

317 Whilst it is clear that the plaintiffs waited a long time before bringing
the current proceedings in respect of the Founders’ Fees, there is no issue
over limitation and the Court does not make any inference that the plaintiffs’
case must have been made up as an afterthought simply because of how long it
took for the point to surface.

318 That said, the fact remains that the plaintiffs could well have chosen to
raise the point much earlier in the proceedings, even if they needed some time
to “sort out” what had happened and to come to a considered view. Given the
relative thinness of the documentary records, the passage of time and the
fragility of the human memory, the task of marshalling and presenting evidence
can only get more difficult.

The defendant’s business and fraud

319 The plaintiffs’ case is fundamentally based on a serious allegation of a
fraud which took place in late 2010 or early 2011. Indeed, at trial, it
appears that the plaintiffs’ case is that they were not the only victims.
There were likely other victims, namely, the investors from China who had put
in monies expecting SIPL to grow on the back of the Solvesam project into a
NASDAQ company. Instead, the plaintiffs assert that the defendant clearly
intended to siphon the funds raised for his personal benefit and that he had
lined his own pockets with the monies received. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 169.

These are serious allegations. The sums involved are large: quite possibly
US$20m or at least US$10m. And yet there is, to date, nothing to suggest that
the defendant has been sued whether in Singapore, Hong Kong or elsewhere by
these investors. Whilst the plaintiffs may contend that actions or
prosecutions may still be brought by disgruntled investors – it remains
somewhat puzzling that no investor has taken any action thus far, given the
seriousness of the allegations.

320 Finally, I note also that there was some suggestion that the sums raised
were “dirty money” or that there was or might be some sort of Ponzi scheme
involved. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

Defendant’s Closing Submission at para 101; CT, 14 March 2018, p 108 (lines
12–24).

It never became clear what the first plaintiff meant by this. The first
plaintiff states he came to this view after seeing comments in a Chinese
language website that HKFXI was some sort of Ponzi scheme. There is, however,
nothing else.

321 I pause to make the observation that the Chinese webpage in question was
not translated. What was set out in the Agreed Bundle of Documents was a copy
of the Chinese language original. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 5, at p 2673.

Under cross-examination, the first plaintiff, who is fluent in Chinese, agreed
that the webpage does not refer to SIPL, Solvesam, Mr Chi or the defendant.
When questioned further, the first plaintiff explained that the webpage
referred to HKFXI and a story about a lady who had collected monies to invest
in a Hong Kong company but that the shares were never issued. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

Certified Transcript, 13 March 2018, p 53, line 16 – p 58, line 3.

322 In his evidence-in-chief, what the first plaintiff stated was that he
understood that the defendant’s business ventures included acting as “an agent
in a multi-level marketing business”. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at [6].

There is no evidence, however, on what the first plaintiff means by this
reference to “multi-level” marketing. It is also unclear if it has any
significance to the claims in issue in these proceedings.

323 The general observation I make is that if the plaintiffs’ case is they
were duped into a scheme that was ultimately concerned or connected with
distributing or hiding tainted monies, they ought to have pleaded that
position in a coherent and clearer manner.

Conclusion

324 What is clear is that in June 2011, matters rapidly came to a boil. Aside
from the issues and delays arising from the BPI negotiations, the transfer of
funds for the Suzhou office and so on, it is apparent that the single most
important trigger was the various online falsehoods regarding Tecbiz and
Solvesam that were discovered. The plaintiffs’ view was that the defendant
must have been responsible and that it must follow that he had been lying to
them from the start on his intentions for the Solvesam project, and that they
were victims of his fraudulent ruse alongside the investors who provided the
monies. There is, however, insufficient evidence to support that view.

325 I am unable to accept the plaintiffs’ assertion that the defendant was
involved in some sort of Ponzi scheme based on the evidence before the court.
The conclusion I have reached is that the decision to resign and sell their
shares in SIPL was the plaintiffs’ own decision. The same is true of their
departure from Tecbiz. Whilst the plaintiffs point to their suspicions and
beliefs that the defendant was perpetrating a scam and say they were entitled
to terminate the Oral Agreement on the basis of repudiatory breach, the
evidence does not support the existence of the Oral Agreement to begin with,
let alone any alleged breaches of it by the defendant. In any case, even if
there was an Oral Agreement as alleged, for whatever reason it may have been,
the plaintiffs decided to “pull-out” and the agreement was effectively
terminated by mutual agreement.

326 For the reasons stated above, I also am unable to accept the plaintiffs’
assertion that the defendant made any actionable misrepresentations which
induced them into entering into the Subscription Agreement. I also find that
there was no agreement or common understanding from which a constructive trust
could arise.

327 The plaintiffs’ case against the defendant is dismissed.

328 I allow the defendant’s counterclaim and award him S$400,000 plus interest
under s 12 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed).

329 Costs are awarded to the defendant to be taxed, if not agreed.

330 This case has turned heavily on the oral evidence of the witnesses. The
fact that the parties were once friends and colleagues is evident from the
emotions that surfaced at times during examination. Indeed, there were aspects
of the evidence which were troubling. The Court expresses its appreciation for
the helpful closing submissions of learned counsel and for the manner in which
the case was conducted.

331 There is, however, one observation I make on the evidence. Given the
serious nature of some of the assertions on fraud or illegality, it would have
been helpful if all foreign language documents that might be referred to by
witnesses were provided together with certified translations. For example,
with regard to the Chinese language webpage referred to above, it appears that
this document was produced by the plaintiffs. However, since it was not
referred to by the first plaintiff in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, a
translation was not provided. This Chinese language webpage surfaced only
during the cross-examination of the first plaintiff on the reasons as to why
he had lost confidence in the defendant and formed the view they were being
cheated. In the end, defence counsel simply put his points to the witness on
the contents of the webpage and obtained answers as to whether the witness
(who was familiar with Chinese) agreed; the key point put to the first
plaintiff being that the first plaintiff, even with sight of the webpage, was
and is not aware of anybody who says that he has been cheated by the
defendant. A certified English translation, whilst it would doubtless have
incurred costs, was surely desirable given the issue to which the webpage
related.

George Wei  
Judge

Wendell Wong Hin Pkin, Priscylia Wu Baoyi and Alexis Loo Quan Rung (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the plaintiffs;  
N Sreenivasan, SC and Claire Tan Kai Ning (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

