Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 271

Suit No 1270 of 2014

Between

(1)| Sabyasachi Mukherjee  
---|---  
(2)| Gouri Mukherjee  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| Pradeepto Kumar Biswas  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Suit No 417 of 2017

Between

| Indian Ocean Group Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

|  
---|---  
| Gouri Mukherjee  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Banking] — [Relationship Manager] — [Investments] — [Fiduciary Duties] —
[Tort of Deceit] — [Trust]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sabyasachi Mukherjee and another

  
v

  

Pradeepto Kumar Biswas and another suit

[2018] SGHC 271

High Court — Suit No 1270 of 2014 and Suit No 417 of 2017  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
7-–10, 13–16, 20–24, 27–30 November 2017; 20 April 2018

11 December 2018 Judgment reserved.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 In Suit No 1270 of 2014 (“Suit 1270/2014”), the plaintiffs, who are husband
and wife, claim to have made various investments totalling US$4.5m on the
advice and recommendation of the defendant, Pradeepto Kumar Biswas
(“Pradeepto”). The first plaintiff is Dr Sabyasachi Mukherjee (“Dr Mukherjee”)
and the second plaintiff is Gouri Mukherjee (“Gouri”). The plaintiffs are
collectively referred to as “the Mukherjees”. The Mukherjees are alleging that
the defendant, Pradeepto, a close family friend on whom they had placed
complete trust and confidence as their investment adviser of more than ten
years, swindled them of US$3.45m through a complex labyrinth of financial
instruments. The subject matter of this action are seven investments which the
Mukherjees entered into in 2011 and 2013:

(a) Swajas Air Charters Limited (“Swajas”) investment, which involves the
subscription of pre-Initial Public Offering shares (“Swajas Investment”);

(b) Neodymium Holdings Limited (“Neodymium”) investment, which involves
project financing (“Neodymium Investment”);

(c) Peak Commodities Inc. (“Peak”) investment, which involves project
financing (“Peak Investment”);

(d) Pacatolus Growth Fund Class 6 (“Pacatolus SPV 6”) investment, which
involves a growth fund (“Pacatolus Investment”);

(e) Trade Sea International Pte Ltd (“Trade Sea”) investment, which involves a
trade financing (“Trade Sea Investment”);

(f) Farmlands of Africa Inc. (“Farmlands of Africa”) investment, which
involves a debenture (“Farmlands of Africa Investment”); and

(g) SEW Trident Global Pte Ltd (“SEW Trident”) investment, which involves
trade financing (“SEW Investment”).

2 The Mukherjees claim that the seven investments were inappropriate for them;
that as a direct result of what Pradeepto had proposed to and told Gouri, she
regarded the seven investments as appropriate for the Mukherjees but it turned
out not to be the case. For now, the word “inappropriate” is used to describe
the investments in the context of the Mukherjees’ risk profile, investment
philosophy and objectives. Later on in the judgment, the appropriateness of
the investments is reviewed from the lens of certain allegations that
questioned the “authenticity” of the seven investments. In these instances,
the Mukherjees have chosen to describe the investments as “shams” or
“purported investments”.

3 According to the Mukherjees, Pradeepto and his nominated entity, Indian
Ocean Enterprises Limited (“IOEL”), a British Virgin Islands incorporated
entity, had used their investment monies for the benefit of various companies
that he and/or IOEL had connections with or interests in. The connections and
interests as described were never disclosed to the Mukherjees when they made
their investments or at any time thereafter. To the Mukherjees, their
investments were a means through which Pradeepto had exploited them; having
treated them as his personal source of funds. The Mukherjees therefore seek
recovery of the outstanding principal amounts totalling US$3.45m and
reasonable returns of US$1,328,332.19. Essentially, the Mukherjees claim the
rate of 7.5% per annum over a stated period to compute their reasonable
returns, assuming the principal was invested in alternative investments. I
will explain how this figure was arrived at below (see [52]). On this note,
the Mukherjees have stated that the figures in the closing submissions
supersede previous stated amounts, this judgment will proceed on the basis of
the closing submissions.

4 The Mukherjees base their claims on three causes of action: breach of
fiduciary duty, breach of trust and the tort of deceit. The first and second
causes of action mentioned here are applicable to all seven investments
whereas the last cause of action relates to only five out of seven
investments. As part of what is termed as a breach of trust, the Mukherjees
have also said that the circumstances surrounding the investments would
attract the imposition of a Quistclose trust.

5 Pradeepto denies any wrongdoing. He contends that the Mukherjees, at the
trial and in their closing submissions, have strayed beyond their pleaded case
and have also failed to prove the very serious allegations against him.
Pradeepto was critical of the seriousness of the Mukherjees’ complaints;
particularly, when they dropped their pleaded claim in respect of a supposed
investment called Free Zone Enterprise at trial. Further, evidential
shortcomings exist despite the Anton Pillar search order that had resulted in
the production of voluminous bundles of documents before this court. Pradeepto
contends that the allegations are speculative or conjectures, and that the
Mukherjees had to resort to expert evidence to shore up their evidential
deficiencies. As it turned out, their expert, so the argument develops, based
his opinion on speculative and non-existence facts. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

DCS, para 18.

In sum, Pradeepto submits that the Mukherjees have failed to discharge their
burden of proof in respect of the various causes of action, and the action
should be dismissed with costs.

6 A related action is Suit No 417 of 2017 (“Suit 417/2017”). The plaintiff is
Indian Ocean Group Pte Ltd (“IOGPL”) and the defendant is Gouri. In this
action, IOGPL is suing Gouri to recover a loan purportedly made to Gouri by
IOEL in 2012. According to IOGPL, it has the right to sue; having assumed the
rights and liabilities of IOEL. The loan amount is said to be around US$1.6m.
Gouri denies the loan. IOGPL’s title to sue is also disputed.

7 Pursuant to an Order of Court dated 29 August 2017, both actions were listed
for hearing before this court and Suit 417/2017 proceeded immediately after
Suit 1270/2014. In Suit 1270/2014, the Mukherjees are represented by counsel,
Mr Eddee Ng (“Mr Ng”), and counsel for Pradeepto is Mr Liew Teck Huat (“Mr
Liew”). Mr Liew also represents IOGPL in Suit 417/2017 and Gouri’s counsel is
Mr Ng.

8 In relation to Suit 1270/2014, the discussions will focus on the question of
what obligations Pradeepto owed the Mukherjees with reference to the various
causes of action in the pleadings. This judgment will also discuss whether
Pradeepto practiced deceit on the Mukherjees in relation to five investments
and whether a trust ought to be imposed in the present circumstances. In
relation to Suit 417/2017, the central question is whether the purported loan
is indeed a loan to Gouri or whether the flow of funds was merely pursuant to
Gouri’s instructions to have Pradeepto transfer the Mukherjees’ funds from one
account to another.

9 It is appropriate to explain at the outset that there is some duplication in
the parties’ treatment of related issues even though they are brought under
different causes of action. Many arguments advanced before this court that are
peripheral will not be discussed at all in this judgment unless they are
relevant in that they would shed light upon the central issues to be resolved.
The approach taken in this judgment is to discuss factual issues, and to make
findings upon them that this court considers are important to resolve the
central issues in the respective actions. The same approach is adopted in
respect of the many authorities cited by the parties.

10 This judgment is the court’s decision in respect of Suit 1270/2014 and Suit
417/2017. I will deal with Suit 1270/2014 first.

Suit 1270/2014

Overview of Suit 1270/2014

11 Before dealing with the central issues in this action, I should say
something by way of an overview. It is important to keep in mind that the
parties had known each other for over ten years and the Mukherjees have not
disputed Pradeepto’s testimony that over the same period of time, there were
as many as 700 investments that went through Pradeepto, and that by and large,
the Mukherjees had made money on most of their investments. Against this
background of hundreds of prior investments, an obvious difficulty with this
case is that the parties’ oral testimony in court was based on the
recollection of events that occurred several years ago. What the witnesses
recall of particular conversations and events, with passage of time, can be
unreliable and the truth of the evidence becomes more difficult to gauge. It
is better to base factual findings on inferences drawn for the contemporaneous
documentary evidence, if any, and known or probable facts. In this vein, a
number of the factual issues were matters within Pradeepto’s knowledge. While
the legal burden of having to prove their claims lie on the Mukherjees
throughout, where the Mukherjees have sufficiently established their prima
facie case, the evidential burden of proof shifts to Pradeepto to rebut the
Mukherjees (see Gimpex Ltd v Unity Holdings Business Ltd and other and another
appeal [2015] 2 SLR 686 at [67]).

12 One objection raised by Mr Liew is the absence of an affidavit of evidence-
in-chief from the first plaintiff, Dr Mukherjee, who also did not testify at
the trial. The position Mr Liew takes is not unexpected. He argues that since
there is no evidence from Dr Mukherjee, the latter’s claims against Pradeepto
should be dismissed. Mr Ng explains that it is unnecessary for the Dr
Mukherjee to testify because Gouri represented the interests of both
plaintiffs in her dealings with Pradeepto and her testimony at the trial is
for the plaintiffs. Besides, the factual events involving Dr Mukherjee are
limited, largely uncontroversial and undisputed by Pradeepto. With these
matters in mind and in the context of the alleged false representations, I
agree with Mr Ng that if representations made to Gouri were intended to be
communicated to Dr Mukherjee through Gouri, and if duly conveyed, all that
should suffice as a matter of law (see Gary Chan and Lee Pey Woan, The Law of
Torts in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2017) at para 14-016). There
is merit to Mr Ng’s contention that the investments were for the couple,
seeing that the funds for the investments came from them, and Pradeepto has
not denied that the investments were made by and for the Mukherjees.

13 The next overview relates to the pleadings. The statement of claim was
amended on 22 September 2017, slightly more than a month before trial started
on 7 November 2017. With the amendments, the Mukherjees’ case and pleadings,
in parts, shifted in focus and emphasis. Be that as it may, there were
complaints from Mr Liew during the trial and in the closing submissions that
the Mukherjees had strayed beyond their pleaded case.

14 This judgment will review the various causes of action as pleaded in light
of the essential elements relevant to the particular cause of action and the
evidence relied upon in support of the existence of the cause of action, if
any. This area of inquiry is important as any one cause of action can fall
away. In short, a cause of action will be dismissed in liminie if the
pleadings do not plead the essential elements and/or the evidence do not
support the existence of that cause of action. For the reasons stated in [18]
below, a Quistclose trust as pleaded fails in liminie.

15 On the plea of a fiduciary relationship, it is important to distinguish at
the outset a general claim based upon trust and confidence that gives rise to
a fiduciary relationship, and fiduciary relationships within legally
established or recognised class of persons. Even though there is no plea that
would label Pradeepto as the Mukherjees’ agent (see [21] below), the pleadings
as amended are fairly broad and, suffice to say for now, there are sufficient
pleaded facts to aver dependency on Pradeepto to act for and on behalf of the
Mukherjees in respect of their intended investment, since the Mukherjees were
not provided with documents from the investee companies recognising their
interest in the investments, and did not have a direct relationship with the
investee companies. That said, it is necessary to look at the nature of the
transaction in question, and the character of the parties’ relationship,
including the scope of Pradeepto’s undertakings post the Mukherjees’ decision
to invest, to resolve whether in all the circumstances fiduciary obligations
arise.

16 The Mukherjees appear to have overlaid a general advisory claim (ie, that
they were dependent on Pradeepto to make investment decisions on their behalf)
in their claim for breach of fiduciary duty. In short, Pradeepto recommended
the seven investments and the Mukherjees accepted his recommendations. A
nuanced contention is that because Pradeepto was their investment adviser
(whether formal or informal) there was an “advisory/fiduciary relationship”,
and each time Pradeepto presented an investment opportunity to the Mukherjees,
he was obliged to give, and was implicitly giving, advice as to the
suitability and risk characteristics of that investment. Indeed, as the
Mukherjees seek recovery of the principal sum invested and returns in respect
of the investments, it appears that the Mukherjees’ nuanced contention put at
the highest is that Pradeepto was obliged to give, and implicitly gave,
ongoing and updated advice as to the merits of retaining every investment
which the Mukherjees had purchased or invested in. That said, Pradeepto’s
obligation does not necessarily stem from a wholly advisory relationship.
Instead, Pradeepto assumed for himself the role of an intermediary. The
evidence showed that the Mukherjees were totally dependent and reliant on
Pradeepto to ensure that their monies were actually allocated to the desired
investments, properly recognised and documented by the investee companies and,
at the right time, to redeem the investment for the Mukherjees. Pradeepto does
not dispute his role and purpose after the Mukherjees had come to a decision
to invest in an investment opportunity presented to the Mukherjees. In this
paradigm, the parties’ dealings were private and separate from the formal
banking relationship. It was in this second role that Pradeepto occupied the
position of an intermediary with capacity to contract for and on behalf of the
Mukherjees with the counterparty concerned, manage and redeem the investments
for the Mukherjees.

17 Related to the issue of suitability and risk characteristics of the seven
investments is the question of whether or not the desired investments were
authentic investments. As it turned out, so the argument develops, some of the
desired investments were pretences of investment opportunities in the named
counterparty that the Mukherjees thought they had contracted with. They
alleged that the investee company did not exist, was struck out shortly after
investment or their monies allocated to the desired investments were made to
entity or entities that have no relation to the investee company concerned.
Under the fiduciary relationship claim, the aforesaid question obliges
Pradeepto to act honestly and in the interest of the Mukherjees. In the cause
of action for deceit, the Mukherjees claim that they were dishonestly induced
to enter into investments or to remain invested in investments which they now
say were “shams” or “purported investments”. The deceit arose from either
express representations or implicit representations on Pradeepto’s part.

18 In relation to a Quistclose trust as pleaded, no express or resulting
Quistclose trust arose from the facts of the case, and I so hold. Pradeepto
was never a direct recipient of the Mukherjees’ monies in relation to the
seven investments. Property cannot be said to have been passed to Pradeepto
such that he now holds the property on trust. To illustrate, in Twinsectra Ltd
v Yardley and others [2002] 2 AC 164, a firm of solicitors, Sims & Roper of
Dorset, received money from a lender, Twinsectra Ltd, on behalf of a certain
Mr Yardley pursuant to an undertaking that the money be retained until it was
applied in the acquisition of property by Mr Yardley. On Mr Yardley’s
assurance, the firm passed the sum to another solicitor who then handed the
sum to Mr Yardley whereupon the sum was misapplied. Although the money was
eventually received by Mr Yardley and the entire transference of money was at
Mr Yardley’s behest, the House of Lords regarded the Quistclose trust to have
been between Twinsectra Ltd and Sims & Roper of Dorset. Mr Yardley did not
hold the money on Quistclose trust.

19 Apart from the Quistclose trust, any other reference to the claim for
breach of trust is in the context of remedial relief and is not a cause of
action per se. This brings me to the remedies sought by the Mukherjees. The
Mukherjees are seeking the recovery of the investment capital (“the principal
sums”) and reasonable returns for the seven investments. To this end, a
plethora of remedies are sought: damages for the tort of deceit; equitable
compensation for the breach of fiduciary duty; account of profits for the
breach of fiduciary duty; and the imposition of a remedial constructive trust.
While the Mukherjees have sought different remedies, the sums claimed were,
factually, the same. I have therefore regarded the remedies as alternatives.
It is unnecessary to discuss each remedy that is sought and it would also
become clear that some remedies are inappropriate for the present case. Having
regard to the findings made, no judgment is passed on the remedial
constructive trust.

Relationship between the Mukherjee and Pradeepto

20 The nature of the relationship between the parties is an important question
that requires a factual inquiry and, where appropriate, a legal inquiry as
well. The inquiry undertaken here is relevant to the pleaded causes of action
in deceit and breach of fiduciary duty. Findings of fact on the relationship
are relevant to two other related issues, namely, the determination of the
validity of the specific causes of action and thereafter, the allegations of
breach thereof. These issues will be examined later in the judgment.

21 A useful starting point is the parties’ characterisation of their
relationship. The Mukherjees’ case is that all seven investments in question
are primarily based on a relationship in which Pradeepto undertook to, amongst
other things, introduce investments that were appropriate for the Mukherjees
as the investments would have to be held variously for income, liquidity and
capital preservation. In addition, Mr Ng submits that Pradeepto “assumed the
role of investment adviser” to the Mukherjees, and in this role, Pradeepto not
only “advised and recommended” to the Mukherjees’ investments, he also
“managed and redeemed investments made”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

PCS, para 1.

In those roles, so the arguments developed, he looked after their interests;
effectively making Pradeepto the Mukherjees’ agent. As agent, he acted on the
Mukherjees’ instructions and he “was in charge of [their] investments (save
for the Pacatolus [I]nvestment) and as such had an ongoing duty to provide
[the Mukherjees] with information”. He was also trusted to “coordinate the
redemption of [the Mukherjees] investments”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

PCS, para 554.

While the Mukherjees have described Pradeepto as their investment adviser in
the pleadings, the pleaded material facts are nonetheless broad enough to
cover the conclusion in the Mukherjees’ closing submissions that Pradeepto was
effectively their agent. I will come to Pradeepto’s pleaded case shortly.
Suffice to say that he denies acting as their investment adviser and that he
had not advised the Mukherjees to enter into the seven investments (see [32]
below).

22 As I have foreshadowed in the overview of Suit 1270/2014, the recollection
of the parties of the oral exchanges on the things said or done are unclear,
and hence unreliable. Pradeepto came across as a glib witness whose testimony
was at most times unreliable; often giving the impression that he was making
things up as he went along, thinking that they assisted his case. It would be
unsafe to accept his evidence unless it is not in dispute, supported by
contemporaneous documents or consistent with probabilities. Gouri, on the
other hand, was aware of the importance to the Mukherjees case that the
Mukherjees did reposed trust and confidence in Pradeepto. To this end, she
repeated ad nauseam the phrase “trust and confidence” and would unnecessarily
repeat it in her answers to counsel’s questions. Furthermore, there were
consistent attempts at painting her husband and herself as clueless investors
who merely rubber stamped Pradeepto’s recommendations.

23 A picture that emerges from the evidence is that the parties’ relationship
is not the conventional relationship between a bank’s relationship manager and
customer; even though Pradeepto tries to paint it as being no different from
the usual. In the parties’ dealings, there were clearly matters of a private
nature quite separate and independent of Pradeepto’s employment at the bank
especially for non-bank products (referred to as his “second role”). It is
against this backdrop that this court needs to examine the scope of the
obligations which Pradeepto is alleged to have undertaken in relation to the
seven investments (ie, Pradeepto’s second role).

24 I will now elaborate on how Pradeepto came to adopt a second role vis-à-vis
the Mukherjees. I begin with the relevant background facts before considering
Mr Ng’s contention as to the role(s) played by Pradeepto in relation to the
seven investments.

25 The Mukherjees are an elderly couple who own a Singapore incorporated
company called Sea Quest Pte Ltd (“Sea Quest”). Sea Quest is in the business
of ship design, marine survey and consultancy, ship building and repair,
marine air conditioning, and project management.

26 The Mukherjees first met Pradeepto in 2004/2005 at a Bengali community
gathering where they learnt that the latter had recently migrated to Singapore
and was working for Citibank. Soon after, the parties were on social terms as
they would attend Bengali community events on a regular basis. Over time, the
parties became family friends. Pradeepto does not deny that the parties
developed a personal friendship over the years. Besides ties of friendship,
the Mukherjees saw Pradeepto as an enterprising young man and a business
relationship soon developed. The Mukherjees became private banking customers
and account holders with the various banks that Pradeepto was employed at, and
Pradeepto was the relationship manager assigned by the banks to the
Mukherjees. Being in the private banking industry, it would be important for
Pradeepto to try to cultivate the trust of his clients. Thus, it is not
inconceivable that it would be a career advantage to develop a personal
relationship with clients or would be clients. I find that Pradeepto succeeded
in cultivating the trust of the Mukherjees and inference of this is drawn from
the objective fact that when Pradeepto moved from one bank to the next, the
Mukherjees became customers and account holders of Pradeepto’s employer-bank,
and Pradeepto was their assigned relationship manager.

27 From January 2004 to September 2006, Pradeepto was employed as a
relationship manager with the private banking division in Citibank. He later
moved to Merrill Lynch and was there from October 2006 to February 2009.
Pradeepto then moved to HSBC Singapore in March 2009 and remained there until
April 2011. From April 2011 to June 2013, Pradeepto was with the private
banking division of Barclays Bank. After Pradeepto left Barclays Bank, he
joined a multi-family private investment office and financial advisory firm,
Deer Creek Advisors Pte Ltd (formerly known as Deauville Private Office)
(“Deer Creek”) and was employed as a Managing Director of Deer Creek in
October 2013. The Mukherjees did not become clients of Deer Creek but
continued to maintain a relationship with Pradeepto until the parties’ falling
out sometime in 2014.

28 Pradeepto’s case is that he was only operating as a relationship manager
vis-à-vis the Mukherjees and that his duties to the Mukherjees were limited by
his employment with the banks. Pradeepto maintained in cross-examination that
in his role as relationship manager, it was his job to present or introduce to
the Mukherjees any investment opportunities that he was aware of. The
investment opportunities could be bank products as well as non-bank products.
Pradeepto did not deny that the seven investments in question were non-bank
products that he had brought to the attention of the Mukherjees. In
particular, he denies having misled the Mukherjees into believing that the
Pacatolus Investment was a bank product while he was still employed by
Barclays Bank. This line of argument, however, does not address the
Mukherjees’ case.

29 The Mukherjees are not suing Pradeepto as an employee of the banks where he
had a relationship manager role vis-à-vis the Mukherjees. As alluded to
earlier, the thrust of their complaint was against Pradeepto, personally, on
what may be viewed as matters of a private nature quite separate and
independent of his bank-employment. I find that there is evidence of this dual
role prior to his formally joining Deer Creek. Apart from engaging the
Mukherjees as a relationship manager proper (ie, Pradeepto’s primary role), he
also introduced investment opportunities that were non-bank products, which he
came to learn of from, inter alia, business and finance contacts. In that
context, the parties’ dealings were private and separate from the formal
banking relationship. As alluded to earlier in [23], this paradigm in the
parties’ relationship is Pradeepto’s second role.

30 How did this second role come about? In my view, as a professional in the
banking industry with extensive personal, business and finance contacts,
Pradeepto was able to create a second role for himself. He was someone who
could introduce to the Mukherjees investments that were non-bank products.
Trade and project finance deals were such non-bank products. I find that his
employment as a relationship manager with international banks gave him the
opportunity and air of credulity when it came to introducing non-bank
investment opportunities to the Mukherjees in his second role. Equally, I
accept Pradeepto’s evidence that the Mukherjees were keen investors who would
readily hear him out on investment opportunities.

31 The next question is the scope of Pradeepto’s activities in the context of
his second role. As far as the Mukherjees are concerned, Pradeepto was their
investment adviser in all manner. He was to advise them on which investments
to purchase and thereafter, amongst other things, carry out their
instructions, and redeem the investments on maturity or when they so desired.

32 Pradeepto maintains that he was never their investment adviser for the
simple reason that the Mukherjees’ account with the bank concerned was not a
discretionary account where the bank would be given a mandate to invest for
the customer. Accordingly, he denies that he would have introduced himself as
any form of investment adviser because that was not his capacity at the banks.
Pradeepto’s pleaded case is that as their relationship manager, he provided
the Mukherjees with key materials such as investment brochures, prospectuses,
and explanations in respect of each of the seven investments. During cross-
examination, Pradeepto testified to providing the Mukherjees with information
and documentation on the seven investments and it was the Mukherjees who made
the decision to invest. At no point did he advised the Mukherjees to invest.
He insisted that the activity of providing information about investment
opportunities was not the same as giving advice to take up the investment
opportunities presented to the Mukherjees. Pradeepto, therefore, denies that
he has responsibility to give investment advice to the Mukherjees, and denies
giving investment advice.

33 In my judgment, the Mukherjees were people experienced in business.
Generally, it can be said that from time to time, the Mukherjees would have
funds derived from their business activities. From those funds, Gouri would
allow spare cash to be invested in short-term trade finance at higher rates
than time deposits. Pradeepto was someone who could introduce to the
Mukherjees investments that are alternatives to time deposits, where a better
return might be obtained. Trade and project finance deals were such
alternatives. There were probably other forms of investments over the years
among the 700 odd investments the Mukherjees entered into. Therefore, by the
time it came to the seven investments, the Mukherjees were not unfamiliar with
the various investments made “through” or “with” Pradeepto. The prepositions
“through” and “with” were used often and interchangeably by Pradeepto and his
counsel. To this court, the connotation from the choice of prepositions is
significant for the impression it conveys with regard to the seriousness of
Pradeepto’s participation in the seven investments. Pradeepto’s role was
definitely not of Pradeepto acting merely as post-box to route the Mukherjees’
decision to invest in the relevant counterparty but of a more involved nature.

34 I do accept as plausible, and it would be reasonable, for the Mukherjees to
expect the investment opportunities presented to them as authentic and
appropriate for their investment requirements. Ordinarily, it would be
important for Pradeepto to try to understand each client’s own requirements on
investments so that he could give them investment ideas or proposals which
fitted with those requirements. It would not be in his interests, nor in his
client’s interests, to offer investment products to his clients in which they
have no interest or which he did not think fitted their objectives. Having
dealt with the Mukherjees for close to a decade, their investment requirements
were known to Pradeepto. It follows that the assumption in the parties’
dealings is that appropriate investments consistent with the Mukherjees’
investment requirements would be presented and in that context, Pradeepto
would afford the Mukherjees the opportunity to invest through or with him, and
I so find.

35 Over the years, Pradeepto would introduce to the Mukherjees investments and
the other would agree to go into them because the Mukherjees’ interests
coincided with Pradeepto’s introduction of an investment opportunity. Gouri
would decline if she did not want to go ahead. In the course of the parties’
dealings, it is plausible that there would be recommendations, or “advice” as
the Mukherjees would term it, but such recommendations would be no more than
the personal recommendations to the Mukherjees as to the terms of the
investment opportunity, given the investment requirements of the Mukherjees.
Therefore, adherence to a client’s investment requirements ought not to be
strictly seen as Pradeepto assuming an advisory role. In a similar vein, the
evidence supported Pradeepto’s contention that the Mukherjees were capable of
and did make their own decisions to invest in the seven investments in
question, and I so find. I will elaborate on this finding later in the context
of the pleaded causes of action. Suffice to say for now that as Pradeepto knew
of the Mukherjee’s investment requirements, it would be incumbent on Pradeepto
not to make any misstatements, or to recommend a highly risky investment
without pointing out that it was such. The relationship under examination may
on occasions be affected by representations made to the Mukherjees and this
would include the appropriateness of the investments introduced. While the
Mukherjees made their own investment decisions, the Mukherjees nonetheless
depend on Pradeepto for information to make an informed decision. This is an
area to be examined in detail in the context of the allegation of deceit in
respect of five of the investments in question.

36 Again with regard to Pradeepto’s second role, the Mukherjees have
separately contended that Pradeepto was effectively their agent. Additional
obligations that were said to be imposed on him include, inter alia, the
obligation to manage the investments (see [39] below) and to redeem the same
on behalf of the Mukherjees. I accept that a clear feature of this case – well
supported by incontrovertible evidence – is that after the Mukherjees made
their decision to invest, Pradeepto would step in to act on the Mukherjees’
decision to invest in the desired investment. In doing so, he alone would
interface with the investee company as counterparty, contract with the
counterparty on behalf of the Mukherjees, monitor and on maturity (or whenever
desired by the Mukherjees) redeem the investments (both the principal sum and
return on investments) on behalf of the Mukherjees (collectively referred to
as the “Post-Decision Activities”). The Mukherjees depended and relied on
Pradeepto in respect of the Post-Decision Activities of the seven investments.
In a proper case, the Post-Decision Activities may give rise to legal
responsibility.

37 Even though Gouri seems to know the redemption dates and would call
Pradeepto about the repayment of the principal sums invested and payment of
the returns on the investments, the objective evidence supports her claim that
in respect of the Post-Decision Activities, she would have to completely rely
and depend on Pradeepto to make the seven investments. In particular, she
relied and depended on Pradeepto to ensure that the funds allocated by her
were used to invest in the seven investments she wanted, and not for
extraneous matters. Plainly, the Mukherjees, in relying and depending on
Pradeepto in the manner described, were vulnerable to any disloyalty by
Pradeepto. They would be reliant on his good faith.

38 I accept Gouri’s evidence that at all material times, her only point of
contact was Pradeepto. She testified that the Mukherjees did not know anyone
in the investee companies nor their contact details, and that she left it to
Pradeepto to secure the investment with the investee company, manage and
redeem their investments (ie, the Post-Decision Activities). Indeed, Gouri
said to Pradeepto on 4 July 2014 that “all my these investments [are] through
you, I just know your face and that’s it.” 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Gouri’s AEIC, para 31; PCS para 483.

Her statement was not challenged.

39 Pradeepto does not deny Gouri’s testimony and in cross-examination he also
accepted that he managed the investments made through or with him and would
redeem them for the Mukherjees. I pause here to observe that whilst the word
“manage” is used, it would be with reference to the affairs of the investment
in question that Pradeepto had undertaken to act in the interest of the
Mukherjees. To elaborate, given the fact that Pradeepto secured the
investments for and on behalf of the Mukherjees, he would “manage” the
investments in the sense that he knew the number of investments made with him,
how much have been invested with him and the redemption periods. He would keep
an eye on the investment in question with a view to redeeming the same at the
appropriate time.

40 All in all, I find that the objective evidence gathered from Pradeepto’s
conduct, each time after Gouri parted with the investment monies, plainly
confirmed his second role as the Mukherjees’ agent in connection with the
investments. Put simply, it was Pradeepto who interfaced with the investee
companies after the Mukherjees handed over the cheques to him or gave bank
transfer instructions to their banks. Generally, there were no documents
issued by or generated from the investee companies to recognise and confirm
that the Mukherjees had invested in the impugned investments. The Mukherjees
did not ask for documentary proof, and it was all down to Pradeepto’s verbal
confirmation that he had done what he was supposed to do for them.

41 Pradeepto has taken the position, at least in the case of some of the
investments, that Gouri should go to the investee company concerned to recover
the Mukherjees’ investments. This remark is fanciful seeing the way Pradeepto
had dealt with the Mukherjees. As stated, it was Pradeepto who interfaced with
the investee companies. The Mukherjees, without proper documentary proof to
identify themselves as investors, would not be able to go directly to the
investee companies. Pradeepto had not given to the Mukherjees, and the latter
in turn would not have in hand, any acknowledgment of receipt of funds by the
named entities to whom the funds were paid or transferred to at the direction
of Pradeepto.

42 The transcript of the tape-recorded conversation at the airport during a
meeting between the parties would be indicative in some way of the sort of
conversations the parties would have had in the ten years of their dealings
with each other. Even without the tape-recorded conversation, having regard to
the position at the outset (the ongoing relationship that developed over time
prior to or by the time the relationship broke down), Pradeepto did hold
himself out as undertaking activities for the Mukherjees post decision to
invest, and that the activities covered the Post-Decision Activities in
respect of the seven investment made with or through him.

43 My conclusion is that in the context of the investments made through or
with Pradeepto in his second role, he would secure for and on behalf of the
Mukherjees the investments they had decided to invest in, and manage and
redeem the investments for the Mukherjees. The extent of the obligations or
the scope of the undertakings assumed in and about the discharge of the Post-
Decision Activities would include some degree of advisory activity in the
nature of advising on an on-going basis the seven investments, especially on
redemption of the investments. I find that Pradeepto did position himself
within this spectrum in the Post-Decision Activities in question. As to
whether any legal responsibility attaches to the Post-Decision Activities,
this question will be examined in the context of the various causes of action
and on the facts of each of the seven investments.

Whether Pradeepto was a fiduciary

44 The main thrust of the Mukherjees’ pleaded case is that Pradeepto owed them
obligations of a fiduciary in respect of all the seven investments in
question. Generally, they alleged that there was a fiduciary duty to: (a)
disclose all material facts in respect of the seven investments made by the
Mukherjees; and (b) avoid conflicts of interest and to disclose interests in
various investments. I will touch on the relevant law briefly before examining
whether Pradeepto owed the Mukherjees obligations of a fiduciary given the
discussions in [26]–[42] and the factual findings thereat, and in the light of
each of the seven investments.

45 Notably, a relationship that would give rise to fiduciary obligations is
higher than of a relationship that would give rise to a common law duty of
care. A relationship that is a purely commercial one need not give rise to the
extensive fiduciary obligations on the part of Pradeepto, as contended for by
the Mukherjees. Further, as Tan Yok Koon v Tan Choo Suan and another and other
appeals [2017] 1 SLR 654 (“Tan Yok Koon”) makes the point, whether a certain
individual is a fiduciary is ultimately a fact-sensitive inquiry; even if the
individual falls within a recognised class (at [207]). In that connection, it
is necessary to look at the nature of the seven investments in question and
the character of the parties to it in order to resolve whether fiduciary
obligations have arisen.

Law on fiduciary obligations

46 Certain relationships have been regarded by the courts as giving rise to
fiduciary obligations per se because of their inherent purpose or their
presumed factual or legal incidents. Examples of recognised categories of
fiduciary relationship include those involving trustees, agents, solicitors
and company directors (see Graham Virgo, The Principles of Equity & Trusts
(Oxford University Press, 2nd Edition, 2016) (“The Principles of Equity”) at p
499; John McGhee QC et al, Snell’s Equity (Sweet & Maxwell, 33rd Ed, 2015)
(“Snell’s Equity”) at para 7-004). That said, fiduciary obligations may be
owed even if the relationship in question does not fall within one of the
recognised categories, provided the circumstances in question justify the
imposition of such duties (Snell’s Equity at para 7-005). In this regard,
Millett LJ’s (as he then was) pronouncement in Bristol and West Building
Society v Mothew [1998] 1 Ch 1 at 18 is commonly cited as a useful starting
point:

A fiduciary is someone who has undertaken to act for or on behalf of another
in a particular manner in circumstances which give rise to a relationship of
trust and confidence. The distinguishing obligation of a fiduciary is the
obligation of loyalty. The principal is entitled to the single-minded loyalty
of his fiduciary. This core liability has several facets. A fiduciary must act
in good faith; he must not make a profit out of his trust; he must not place
himself in a position where his duty and his interest may conflict; he may not
act for his own benefit or the benefit of a third person without the informed
consent of his principal. This is not intended to be an exhaustive list, but
it is sufficient to indicate the nature of fiduciary obligations. They are the
defining characteristics of the fiduciary. As Dr. Finn pointed out in his
classic work … he is not subject to fiduciary obligations because he is a
fiduciary; it is because he is subject to them that he is a fiduciary.

[emphasis added]

47 The Court of Appeal in Tan Yok Koon endorsed Millett LJ’s speech and laid
down several principles. First, not every obligation owed by a fiduciary is
necessarily a fiduciary duty. Secondly, the “label” fiduciary is a conclusion
that is reached once it is determined that particular duties are owed.
Thirdly, in determining if fiduciary obligations are owed, the relationship
between the parties is an important aspect to consider. This is because the
relationship is the reason why a duty will be required to be performed in a
manner which shows regard to the interests of the principal. In this vein, the
hallmark of a fiduciary is that the fiduciary undertakes to act in the
interest of another. It is crucial to note that such undertaking is voluntary
in that the fiduciary voluntarily places himself in a position where the law
can objectively impose an intention on his or her part to undertake those
obligations (at [194]). At its core, a fiduciary is one who places himself or
herself in a position where he or she exercises a certain quality of control
over the property or affairs of another; the principal being peculiarly
vulnerable to the fiduciary (see also Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and
others v Yeo Boong Hua and others and other appeals [2018] 2 SLR 655 (“Turf
Club Auto”) at [42]). It is for this reason that the principal is entitled to
the single-minded loyalty of his or her fiduciary.

48 The authorities show that a breach of fiduciary duty is established where
the fiduciary has placed himself in a positon of conflict of duty and self-
interest or conflicting duties; this being an aspect of the single-minded
loyalty required of a fiduciary. And by virtue of the duty of loyalty, a
fiduciary is expected to be honest in his dealings with his principal.

49 I state here that where the Mukherjees’ arguments concern Pradeepto’s
dealings with the investee companies on matters that do not relate to the
seven investments, these arguments are irrelevant. The scope of Pradeepto’s
fiduciary obligations must be in relation to the investment itself.

50 The breach of fiduciary duty is, of course, not the end of the inquiry. The
Mukherjees are seeking both account of profits and equitable compensation. In
my view, the remedy of account of profits is not available to the Mukherjees.
An account of profits is a gains-based remedy. It is available where a
defendant has profited from a breach of fiduciary duty and that profit exceeds
any loss suffered by the claimant (The Principles of Equity at p 621). The
Mukherjees have not been able to point to any discernible profits Pradeepto
have made from the seven investments. Instead, their claims for the recovery
of the principal sums and reasonable returns are compensatory in nature. These
sums may be characterised as losses as they were sums that they were deprived
of as a result of Pradeepto’s conduct. To this end, the remedy of equitable
compensation is the more appropriate remedy.

51 The law on equitable compensation is mired in debate and I do not propose
to contend with its difficulties as the present case is not one that would
call for such an undertaking. Suffice to say that the difficulties relating to
the law on equitable compensation generally concern the issue of causation and
the role of accounting rules (see Maryani Sadeli v Arjun Permanand Samtani and
another and other appeals [2015] 1 SLR 496 at [9]–[11]). I have not found the
present case to raise issues of causation, and Pradeepto had not made
causation an issue in his submissions. Even if causation were needed to be
proven, I am satisfied that causation is readily established in relation to
the breaches of fiduciary duty examined below. To illustrate with a simple
broad point, but for Pradeepto’s failure to properly redeem the investments,
the Mukherjees would not have been deprived of the principal sums and returns
on investments.

52 As a precursor to equitable compensation, the Mukherjees must prove that
they have suffered loss. This is because in cases where the fiduciary is not a
steward of property, loss would be the basis of compensation (see The
Principles of Equity at p 619). Here, the Mukherjees have computed the
reasonable returns on investments at an interest rate of 7.5% per annum. This
figure was derived from Mr Iyer’s evidence that a customer of a good private
bank could earn between 5% and 10% per annum depending on the year, assuming
that it is not a black swan year (like the 2008 global financial crisis), and
Pradeepto supposed concession that it is possible for investors of a moderate
risk profile to target a return of between 8% and 10%. Considering both Mr
Iyer’s evidence and Pradeepto’s concession, the Mukherjees submit that a
return of 7.5% is “perfectly reasonable”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PCS, para 476.

The Mukherjees’ claim for reasonable returns is premised on the assumption
that there would have been alternative investments entered into had the monies
not been used for the seven investments or the return of the principal sums
not been delayed. The Mukherjees, however, have not given evidence as to what
these alternative investments could have been and that there were
opportunities to go into them at the material time. Further, Pradeepto’s
concession can hardly to be said to be a concession at all. He qualified his
concession and took it simply as an answer to a hypothetical question posed. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Transcript Day 16, pp 141–142.

In the circumstances, the Mukherjees are not entitled to the recovery of
reasonable returns for want of proof of loss, and so I hold. They are,
however, entitled to the recovery of the principal sums in the event this
court finds that there is a breach of fiduciary duty. For these reasons, I
will only discuss the reasonable returns sought in the closing submissions
where necessary.

The presence or absence of indicia of a fiduciary relationship

53 Mr Ng argues that the present case is one where a fiduciary relationship
arose. It is said that Pradeepto undertook to act as the Mukherjees’ fiduciary
as he was their investment adviser and in that context, acted as an agent. In
the main, the Mukherjees reposed trust and confidence in Pradeepto. In
contrast, Mr Liew made two points. First, Pradeepto was not an investment
adviser, and secondly, the relationship of investment adviser and client is
not one of the traditionally recognised categories of relationship where a
fiduciary relationship will simply be presumed by law.

54 The correct characterisation of a relationship and whether it gives rise to
fiduciary obligations is a matter of law. Whether called an investment adviser
or an agent, they are titles and labels that merely serve as an indicium of
the undertaking of fiduciary obligations in a relationship. The court would
have to examine the specific factual matrix to determine if fiduciary
obligations were indeed undertaken and the scope of such obligations. The
Court of Appeal in Turf Club Auto clarified at [43]:

While there are settled categories of fiduciary relationships – such as the
relationship of a trustee-beneficiary, director-company, solicitor-client,
between partners – it does not mean that all such relationships are invariably
fiduciary relationships. In these relationships, there is a strong, but
rebuttable, presumption that fiduciary duties are owed. … whether the parties
are in a fiduciary relationship depends, ultimately, on the nature of their
relationship and is not simply a question of whether their relationship can be
shoe-horned into one of the settled categories (eg, a partnership) or into a
non-settled category (eg, a joint venture or quasi-partnership).

[emphasis in the original]

55 As noted earlier, the hallmark of a fiduciary is the fiduciary’s voluntary
undertaking to act in the interest of another. Therefore, fiduciary
obligations arise where B puts his property or affairs in the hands of A, and
B is reliant and dependent on A to act and exercise rights or powers for the
benefit of B in circumstances where B can reasonably expect A to put B’s
interests first. This means that A cannot make use of his position to benefit
himself, or anyone else, without B’s informed consent. Until then, B is
entitled to single-minded loyalty from A.

56 In this case, it is necessary to look closer at the nature of an agency
relationship that attracts fiduciary obligations. Teare J’s explanation in
Medsted Associate Ld v Canaccord Genuity Wealth (International) Ltd [2018] 1
WLR (“Medsted Associate”) at [89] is apposite:

Agency has been defined by Bowstead and Reynolds on Agency 20th ed (2014),
para 1-001 as the fiduciary relationship which exists between two persons, one
of whom expressly or impliedly manifests assent that the other should act on
his behalf so as to effect his relations with third parties, and the other of
whom similarly manifests assent so to act or so acts pursuant to the
manifestation. … Bowstead and Reynolds on Agency also states in para 1-001
that a person may have the same fiduciary relationship with a principal where
he acts on behalf of that principal but has no authority to effect the
principal’s relations with third parties. This subject is dealt with at para
1-019 where an example of such a fiduciary relationship is given, namely, the
introducing agent who makes no contacts but introduces parties desirous of
contracting and leaves them to contract by themselves. Such a person is not an
agent in the fullest sense but can owe fiduciary duties. An example to which I
was referred was that of the loan broker in Hurstanger Ltd v Wilson [2007] 1
WLR 2351, paras 33-44 per Tuckey LJ (though not all loan brokers are
fiduciaries; see Commercial First Business Ltd v Pickup [2017] CTLC 1). A
further example is that of the credit broker in McWilliam v Norton Finance
(UK) Ltd (trading as Norton Finance) [2015] 1 All ER (Comm) 1026, paras 32–35,
where the applicable law was discussed and explained by Tomlinson LJ. From his
judgment the following statements of principle are to be noted. This form of
agency is not the paradigm. The fiduciary duty arises from equity and will be
found to exist where the “principal” reposes trust and confidence in the
“agent”; see para 40. Thus the facts and circumstances of the present case
must be examined to see whether the clients reposed trust and confidence in
Medsted.

57 With the above propositions in mind, I propose to focus of the significant
features of the parties relationship, based on the earlier findings, to
determine whether the law will impose on Pradeepto obligations of a fiduciary,
having regard to the Post-Decision Activities he had voluntarily undertaken in
his second role (see [23]–[43] above).

58 There are important distinctive features in this case that must be
appreciated and it is the existence of these features that form the critical
facts for the operation of the principles of fiduciary law. I draw on the
earlier salient findings on the parties’ relationship in relation to the Post-
Decision Activities (see [36]–[43] above). Significantly, with the agency
principles set out in Medsted Associates at [56] above in mind, the
relationship between the parties is one where Pradeepto interfaces and
contracts with third parties on behalf of the Mukherjees who expressly or
impliedly manifests assent that Pradeepto should act on their behalf so as to
effect their relations with third parties, and Pradeepto similarly manifests
assent so to act or so acts pursuant to the manifestation. Accordingly, in
respect of the Post-Decision Activities, the law will impose on Pradeepto
obligations of a fiduciary, and I so hold. In my judgment, Pradeepto was the
Mukherjees’ agent in relation to the Post-Decision Activities and in these
circumstances, a fiduciary relationship exists. Thus, in relation to the Post-
Decision Activities, Pradeepto had a duty to be honest and to act in good
faith towards the Mukherjees, a duty to be fair and transparent with them, and
a duty to act in their best interests. Such duties are those of a fiduciary
(see Medsted Associates at [95]) and a corollary of the duty of loyalty. I
will now elaborate on my findings.

59 I start with Gouri’s testimony. At the trial, Gouri repeatedly asserted
that the Mukherjees “trusted” Pradeepto’s views, recommendations and advice.
On this basis, it was submitted that the Mukherjees reposed trust and
confidence in Pradeepto. In my judgment, one has to bear in mind that the mere
fact one party in a business or commercial relationship “trusts” the other
does not predicate a fiduciary relationship. The word “trust” like the word
“advice” has a variety of meanings. In a broad sense, trust is an important
element in many business or commercial dealings. The Mukherjees no doubt
“trusted” Pradeepto to conduct himself in a commercially appropriate manner.
However, the term “trust” should not be misused. The court must ultimately be
satisfied that the relationship is of such a quality that would give rise to
fiduciary obligations (ie, that the principal(s) had conferred a degree of
control over their own affairs to another).

60 Gouri had also attempted to demonstrate her husband and herself as
completely beholden to Pradeepto’s suggestions and opinions on investments. As
regards the seven investments, I find that the decision to invest was on the
Mukherjees. The evidence does not support Gouri’s claim that the Mukherjees
were completely reliant on Pradeepto when it came to investment matters in
that they played no part in evaluating the investments and were merely rubber
stamping Pradeepto’s recommendations. The Mukherjees have demonstrated
themselves to be capable of exercising some degree of independent evaluation.
There is evidence that on some occasions the Mukherjees rejected potential
investment opportunities and the Mukherjees decided on the quantum to be
invested. Gouri’s answers in cross-examination are apposite: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Transcript Day 2, pp 8–9.

Q: Yes, Mrs Mukherjee. The fact is that he had no discretion to enter into any
investment for you; you would have to instruct him before he can enter into an
investment, is that correct?

A: Correct.

Q: Mrs Mukherjee, Pradeepto did not have access to your bank accounts,
correct?

A: Correct.

Q: So you would agree with me that Pradeepto could not deal with any of your
investments without your express instructions; would that be correct?

A: Yes.

Q: So, this would include any aspect of investment dealings such as increasing
your investment or reducing your investment or redeeming your investment? All
these would require your instructions; would that be correct Mrs Mukherjee?

A: Yes.

…

Q: And in order to give him instructions to enter into any investment you and
your husband would have decided first to enter into these investments,
correct?

A: Yes.

…

Q: So, as the relationship manager in the private banks, Mrs Mukherjee,
Pradeepto only provided you with information as to the availability of
investments which matched your investment criteria, correct? He did not enter
into [sic] for you? He only provided you with the information of the
availability of these investments; would you agree with me on that?

A: Yes.

61 Turning to the situation after the Mukherjees made the decision to invest
(ie, the Post-Decision Activities), the Mukherjees had legitimate expectations
that, in executing the Post-Decision Activities, the Pradeepto would
subordinate his interests to those of the Mukherjees. Correspondingly, in
executing the Post-Decision Activities, Pradeepto voluntarily undertook to
place the Mukherjees’ interests before his. I further find that the nature of
the parties’ dealings and the Mukherjees’ dependence and reliance on Pradeepto
in respect of each of the seven investments remained generally the same.

62 As stated, the seven investments were not bank products. It is not disputed
that the only means through which the Mukherjees learnt of the seven
investments was through Pradeepto. Significantly, the Mukherjees did not have
any direct contact with the investee companies. The Mukherjees depended and
relied on Pradeepto, who would represent the Mukherjees’ interests to the
investee companies. The investee companies, in turn, only interacted with
Pradeepto and did not reach out to the Mukherjees directly. As a result of
this described asymmetry, the Mukherjees would have to go through Pradeepto if
they decided to go ahead to invest in the investment opportunity presented to
them. In short, post decision to invest, the Mukherjees depended on Pradeepto
to secure the desired investments by contracting with the appropriate
counterparty for and on their behalf. In this capacity, Pradeepto was to
ensure that the Mukherjees’ investment funds were actually allocated to the
desired investments. This asymmetrical relationship between the parties is
exacerbated by the fact that Pradeepto did not procure documents from the
investee companies recognising or confirming the Mukherjees’ title to their
investments at the point of investing. The Mukherjees would not be able to
properly access their investments for want of proof. Even if, for the sake of
argument, the investee companies did acknowledge that the Mukherjees were
investors, Pradeepto nevertheless failed to provide corresponding documents to
the Mukherjees. The Mukherjees, on the other hand, did not seek such documents
from Pradeepto as they left it to him to secure, manage and redeem their
investments. This was the degree of trust they reposed in him. Indeed, at
trial, Pradeepto accepted that the Mukherjees could trust him to liaise with
the relevant investee companies and coordinate the redemption of the
investments: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Transcript Day 15, p 42.

Q: And basically you were telling her that she can trust you to get the funds
returned to her; yes?

A: She can trust on me to liaise on the funds coordination for the companies
to bring it back to her.

63 What defines Pradeepto’s fiduciary obligations is the Mukherjees’
dependence and reliance on Pradeepto after they made their decision to invest.
From thence onwards (ie, post decision to invest), the Mukherjees were totally
dependent and reliant on Pradeepto; who had put himself in a position of
responsibility, having taken on the obligation to look after the interest of
the Mukherjees. In the context of the Post-Decision Activities, trust and
confidence were placed in Pradeepto, and the Mukherjees, by relying on
Pradeepto, were vulnerable to any disloyalty by Pradeepto and reliant on his
good faith. In this capacity as the Mukherjees’ agent, Pradeepto was to ensure
that the investment funds were actually allocated to the desired investments,
the contract with the counterparty was properly documented and, at the right
time, to redeem the investments for the Mukherjees. In his role as the
Mukherjees’ agent, Pradeepto contacts the investee companies and contracts
with them for and on behalf of the Mukherjees. In this regard, the Mukherjees
reposed trust and confidence in Pradeepto.

Issue 1: Cause of action based on breach of fiduciary duty

64 This part of the judgment will consider each of the seven investments in
turn. The bulk of the impugned investments were entered into between May and
November 2013. They were the Neodymium, Peak, Pacatolus, Farmlands of Africa,
Trade Sea International and SEW Trident Investments. The Swajas Investment was
the only investment entered into in 2011. I propose to discuss the Swajas
Investment first.

65 As an additional point, the Mukherjees run a plethora of arguments on the
breach of fiduciary duty. The arguments either overlapped or were articulated
on factual issues that were the manifestations of an underlying breach. In the
circumstances, it would generally be better to consider the Mukherjees’
arguments holistically as opposed to addressing each contention in seriatim.

Swajas Investment

66 Swajas is a non-scheduled flight operator with a presence in South India.
The nature of the services provided by the company include general air charter
and medical evacuation services. Pradeepto claims that sometime in September
2010, he came to learn that Swajas was preparing for listing and was offering
a pre-Initial Public Offering private share placement. According to Gouri,
Pradeepto orally advised the Mukherjees to invest in Swajas in or around
January 2011 and made the following representations: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Setting Down Bundle, Tab 7, para 10.

(a) The Mukherjees should invest in Swajas as it was preparing for an Initial
Public Offering (“IPO”).

(b) The investment should be held for one year so that the principal sum would
double in value.

(c) Pursuant to an email dated 5 January 2011, the share certificates would be
issued in Dr Mukherjee’s name.

(d) Pursuant to the same email, the IPO would take place in “the next two
months”, presumably from the date on which the email was sent.

(e) A copy of the documents signed by Swajas would be sent to the Mukherjees
for their records.

67 At the material time, Pradeepto was the Mukherjees relationship manager at
HSBC Singapore. Gouri stated that there was a natural expectation that “any
investment recommended by Pradeepto would be an investment offered by HSBC
Singapore”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Setting Down Bundle, Tab 7, para 11.

However, unbeknownst to the Mukherjees, the Swajas Investment was not an
authorised investment of HSBC Singapore.

68 On 12 January 2011, the Mukherjees remitted the subscription monies of
US$500,000 to an account of a company called Rising Ventures Trading Limited
(“Rising Ventures”) pursuant to Pradeepto’s instructions in an email dated 7
January 2011. The Mukherjees subsequently found out that their shares were
held by Rising Ventures and highlighted that this was contrary to the
representation made in the email dated 5 January 2011 that their shares would
be in Dr Mukherjee’s name. Pradeepto, however, points out that the Mukherjees
specifically requested the shares be held by Rising Ventures because the
Mukherjees did not have a “demat” account to hold listed shares in India and
furthermore, they did not want their names to be reflected in the records for
tax reasons. The investment monies therefore had to be routed through Rising
Ventures which had the necessary approvals to hold equity shares in an Indian
company. According to the Mukherjees, they were unaware of the purpose of
Rising Venture’s involvement. The Mukherjees’ point at trial is that there was
no need for an intermediary to hold the shares as the shares could be held in
“physical format” without opening a “demat” account. In any event, Pradeepto
did not provide them with the documents evidencing their investment with
Swajas.

69 The Mukherjees further explained that Pradeepto had withheld key materials
such as investment brochures and the relevant prospectus, and concealed his
affiliation with Swajas. They later discovered that Pradeepto was associated
with Swajas as he was appointed the director of Swajas Air Charters (Pte
Limited) (“Swajas Singapore”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Swajas. Further,
Pradeepto’s close business associate, Ms Ekta Kundra (“Ms Kundra”), was also
at some point in Swajas’ history, a director.

70 The IPO issue opened on 26 September 2011 and was supposed to close on 28
September 2011, but the deadline was extended to 5 October 2011 as the IPO
remained under-subscribed. The IPO was eventually cancelled. The Mukherjees
assert that they were kept in the dark about the cancellation of the IPO and
that Pradeepto ought to have procured the return of the subscription monies
then.

71 On 12 September 2012, Dr Mukherjee instructed the repayment of the
US$500,000. However, repayment was less than prompt. According to the
Mukherjees, Pradeepto sought to delay the repayment and gave various false
assurances that the repayment was being processed.

72 The subscription monies were eventually received by the Mukherjees on or
about 1 April 2013. There is no dispute that it was Swajas Singapore that
issued the cheque of US$500,000 and the cheque signatory was Ms Kundra. Even
though the Mukherjees received the principal sum of US$500,000, their
complaint in this action is that they did not receive any returns on the
investment for the period of the delay (ie, from 11 January 2011 or the
cancellation date of IPO to 1 April 2013 being the date of receipt of
US$500,000).

73 Pradeepto disputes a number of factual allegations made by the Mukherjees.
In brief, the statement that the IPO would take place in the next two months
was not his representation to the Mukherjees. Whatever was informed to the
Mukherjees was what Swajas had informed him. He also highlights that both
parties had physically met to discuss the investment opportunity prior to the
Mukherjees’ decision to enter into the investment and that the relevant
documents were provided at the meeting. The Mukherjees were at all material
times kept apprised of the cancellation of the IPO and knew that the
investment was not with HSBC Singapore. Furthermore, his involvement with the
management of Swajas Singapore came about only after the Mukherjees had
invested in the company. He did not wield the sort of influence over the
Swajas Investment as the Mukherjees now seek to demonstrate. Critically, it is
undisputed that the principal sum has been returned to the Mukherjees. As
regards the returns on investment, Pradeepto explains that Rising Ventures
continue to hold shares in Swajas on the Mukherjees behalf. These shares were
intended for the Mukherjees in lieu of returns.

74 It is an appropriate juncture to deal with certain discrete matters
gathered from the opposing arguments of the parties.

Alleged misapplication of funds

75 The Mukherjees placed emphasis on the allegation that, out of the
US$500,000 transferred on the instructions of Pradeepto to Rising Ventures for
the purchase of private equity in Swajas, only US$125,000 was used to for the
aforesaid purchase. The only basis for the Mukherjees’ allegation is from
their expert, Mr Ramasamy Subramaniam Iyer (“Mr Iyer”) who came up with some
calculations. The purport of this allegation has to do with a fiduciary’s duty
to act honestly towards his principal.

76 Before examining Mr Iyer’s calculations, it is apt to note that the
documents in court show that Swajas issued share certificates totalling
130,284 shares to Rising Ventures. These shares certificates were issued on 31
January 2011 and 25 February 2011, with 32,571 shares allotted on 31 January
2011. If Pradeepto is to be believed that Rising Ventures was the Mukherjees’
nominee, his contention is that there is prima facie evidence that the
investment monies in the sum of US$500,000 remitted to Rising Ventures was
used to purchase shares in Swajas. Pradeepto makes another point – that the
Mukherjees did eventually receive their principal sum of US$500,000 from, at
the very least, a Swajas-related entity. It was pointed out that there would
be no reason for Swajas to return the sum of US$500,000 if the entire amount
was not used to purchase shares in Swajas in the first place.

77 Turning to Mr Iyer’s evidence, Mr Iyer relies on the price in the Private
Placement Subscription Agreement signed by Dr Mukherjee for his calculations.
The document stated that the aggregate price per share was 43.75 rupees
(“Rs”): 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

BAEIC Vol I, p 318.

On the basis of the representations and warranties and subject to the terms
and conditions set forth herein, the undersigned (the “Subscriber”) hereby
irrevocably subscribes for and agrees to purchase _____ equity shares of Rs.
10/-each (the “Shares”) of [Swajas] at an aggregate price per Share of
Rs.43.75/-(such subscription and agreement to purchase being the
“Subscription”), for an aggregate purchase price of Rs. _____ (the
“Subscription Proceeds”).

78 According to Mr Iyer, taking Rs 43.75 to be the subscription price of each
share and 130,284 to be the number of shares purchased, only Rs 5,699,925 was
used to purchase shares in Swajas. At an exchange rate of US$1 to Rs 46.5,
this translates to a value of about US$125,000. For the reasons I will come
to, there is reasonable doubt over Mr Iyer’s conclusion that only US$125,000
was used to purchase shares.

79 At the trial, Pradeepto challenged Mr Iyer’s conclusion. He explained that
Mr Iyer’s conclusion were incorrect for two reasons. First, Mr Iyer did not
take into account how Swajas sought to structure the pre-IPO shares. Mr Iyer
was incorrect to have simply multiplied the total allotted shares and share
price to determine if the full sum of US$500,000 was used to purchase shares
in Swajas. Second and relatedly, Mr Iyer used the wrong share price. The
correct price ought to have been Rs 350.

80 Pradeepto pointed to the Information Memorandum which sets out how Swajas
sought to structure the allotment of shares: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AB 1, p 358.

Though the placement to the Investors is at a price of Rs 350/- per share,
after a capital restructuring process involving the capitalisation of premiums
to be collected, including the premium to be collected through IPO, the
average cost per share in the hands of the investors will be around Rs.44
only. Capitalisation of premiums by issue of bonus shares will be completed
immediately after IPO.

81 The pre-IPO shares were to be issued in several tranches. After receiving
an investor’s investment monies, the company would allot a certain number of
par value shares at a price of Rs 350. The entire investment sum is, however,
not immediately used in this initial allotment of shares. Part of the sum
would be placed into the share premium account for the purposes of
capitalising bonus shares that would be subsequently issued in tranches until
the successful completion of the IPO. At the end of the entire process, eight
bonus shares would have been issued for each share initially issued by the
company. The aim of this process is to reduce to the share price value
eightfold from Rs 350 to Rs 43.75 upon listing. Thereafter, the investor
stands to gain a twofold increase upon listing as the IPO listing band
indicates the expected IPO share price to be between Rs 87 and Rs 90. A
semblance of this structure is further borne out in the Red Herring Prospectus
which stated that on 31 January 2011, shares were allotted at an issue price
of Rs 350. On 25 February 2011 a bonus issue in the ratio of 3:1 was then
performed. In a footnote, it was stated that: “Bonus Equity shares have been
issued to all our Shareholders on February 25, 2011 out of the share premium
account by capitalizing Rs 84,371,520.”

82 Based on this structure, Pradeepto explained that on 31 January 2011,
32,571 shares were allotted to the Mukherjees at a share price of Rs 350. This
translates to approximately US$250,000 in value. The remaining US$250,000
would have been placed in the share premium account for capitalisation during
the subsequent bonus share issues. The structure also explains why the Private
Share Purchase Agreement indicated a share price of Rs 43.75. Notably, Clause
8.3 of the Private Share Purchase Agreement alludes to a capitalisation
process that ends with a final share price of Rs 43.75: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

BAEIC Vol I, pp 321–322.

The Company will undertake to carry out certain corporate actions including
capitalization of its reserves in such a manner that the average cost per
Share of Shares to be allotted to the Subscriber under this Share Subscription
Agreement in the hands of the Subscriber and other Subscribers who would
invest into the Company under the terms of this Agreement would come to
approximately Rs 43.75 per share, After the proposed IPO of the Company.

[emphasis added]

83 Mr Iyer conceded in cross-examination that in arriving at his opinion that
only US$125,000 was utilised to purchase shares, he did not refer to all
relevant documents connected to the Swajas Investment; namely, the Information
Memorandum and Red Herring Prospectus. He also conceded that had he considered
these other documents, his opinion on the misapplication of funds might have
been different. These are significant concessions.

84 Pradeepto’s explanation may not have been entirely clear on the details.
Nonetheless, without deciding on the veracity of Pradeepto’s explanation that
US$500,000 was utilised in tranches, a similar explanation may be gathered
from a reading of the relevant documents. The structure of the share allotment
in the pre-IPO documents (which Mr Iyer admitted to not reviewing), cast doubt
over the correctness of Mr Iyer’s calculations. Given the incomplete premise
of his expert opinion, his conclusion that only US$125,000 out of the
US$500,000 transferred to Rising Ventures was used to purchase shares in
Swajas is rejected. In the main, this court is not persuaded that the
US$500,000 was not used to purchase Swajas shares.

85 During cross-examination, Mr Ng referred to an email of where a
representative of Swajas mentioned that the share price for pre-IPO shares was
Rs 43.75. Pradeepto, however, responded by stating that the email must be read
in context. It was accompanied by the Information Memorandum which sets out
the structure explaining why the share price was Rs 43.75. Mr Ng was not able
to counter Pradeepto’s evidence. Yet in the Mukherjees’ closing submissions,
Mr Ng again argued that that the correct share price is the one reflected in
the Private Placement Share Agreement (ie, Rs 43.75) as it is the operative
document on which the Mukherjees will sue in any legal action between them and
Swajas. Quite apart from the fact that the Private Placement Share Agreement
itself alludes to the structure to allocate shares as explained by Pradeepto,
Clause 5.1(a) of the Private Share Purchase Agreement specifically refers to
the Information Memorandum itself. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

BAEIC Vol 1, p 319.

On this note, the suggestion that the Information Memorandum is irrelevant as
it only concerns IPO shares can easily be disposed of.

86 There was also a suggestion that the Information Memorandum and Red Herring
Prospectus were not given to the Mukherjees at the material time. Whether the
documents were provided to the Mukherjees at the material time is irrelevant
for the purposes of Mr Iyer’s calculations. The pertinent point is that the
Red Herring Prospectus was exhibited in Mr Iyer’s own report and ought to have
been examined before making the serious allegation that Pradeepto had
misapplied the investment monies.

The IPO delay and cancellation

87 The Mukherjees rely heavily on Pradeepto’s email dated 5 January 2011 which
stated that the IPO would be due in the next two months; referring to this as
a “key representation”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PCS, p 171.

In her affidavit of evidence-in-chief, Gouri claimed that her husband and
herself were unaware of the fact that the IPO launch date was delayed to 26
September 2011. The IPO was supposed to close on 28 September 2011 but the
closing date was extended to 5 October 2011 due to undersubscription. The IPO
was eventually cancelled. She highlighted that Pradeepto did not inform them
of the cancellation of the IPO and had concealed the cancellation of the IPO
up until 2014.

88 Pradeepto’s stance is that he did not personally represent nor guarantee
that the IPO would open in two months’ time (per email dated 5 January 2011)
since the information on a two months’ horizon came from the representatives
at Swajas. More importantly, the Mukherjees had always been kept informed of
developments; in particular, that the IPO was delayed and subsequently
cancelled. In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, Pradeepto said that the
Mukherjees were told that the IPO was “stalled”. At trial, Pradeepto further
explained that the Mukherjees were orally informed of the IPO cancellation and
added that they were also informed of Swajas’ intention to proceed with a
second attempt at an IPO on a later date. There was eventually a meeting where
the Mukherjees informed him of their intention to continue with the investment
in the hope of the IPO succeeding. It was in September 2012 that the
Mukherjees sought redemption of their investment as by then they started to
have doubts on the viability of their investment.

89 The email of 5 January 2011 reads: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Gouri’s AEIC, p 301.

Dear Gouri Mashi,

Please find the saame [sic] enclosed. A copy of the documents signed by uncle
will be further signed by the company and sent back for your records. Share
certificates will be issued in the name of Sabyasachi Mukherjee and the IPO is
due in the next two months.

Thank you.

90 Gouri accepted during cross-examination that the email was a summary of an
earlier discussion. In other words, the email of 5 January 2011 was a follow
up from an earlier meeting and without evidence of what transpired at the
meeting, it would be unsafe to read into the email a definitive representation
regarding the due date of the IPO launch. One view of the email, which is the
view that Pradeepto takes, is that Pradeepto was conveying the two months’
horizon as told to him by Swajas; he was not making any representation or
guarantee on his own.

91 Notably, the Private Placement Subscription Agreement that was signed by Dr
Mukherjee states that the IPO process would depend on variable factors and
thus no specific time frame has been committed to: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

BAEIC Vol 1, p 321.

The Company is planning for an Initial Public Offer (IPO) to get its shares
listed in the Bombay Stock Exchange within the next 3-4 months from the date
of this Share Subscription Agreement. However, completion of IPO process
depends on so many regulatory approvals and the stock market conditions in
general and that the company does not commit to any specific time frame in
this regard.

The email dated 5 January 2011 must not be overly relied on in light of the
uncertainties outlined.

92 I find that the objective evidence supports Pradeepto’s explanation that
the two months’ horizon came from Swajas and because of that, he was in no
position to make promises to the Mukherjees on the IPO launch date. The
exchanges showed Swajas’ timeframes to be working ones with no definitive end
date in mind. In an April 2011 email thread with the subject heading “Swajas
IPO – Status”, certain exchanges took place between Pradeepto and Swajas.
Pradeepto expressed concern over the delay in the IPO process and queried when
the IPO would be launched. He can also be seen making reference to earlier IPO
launch dates that had lapsed; in particular, the month of March: 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AB 2, p 703.

Dear Sir,

Please send the copy of the DRHP. Also appreciate if a timeline can be put to
the process and we stick to the same.

Both March 18th and 4th April which were the earlier dates have lapsed. Please
revert urgently.

…

Swajas’ representative replied acknowledging that Swajas “appreciate[ed] the
need to stick to deadlines”. I pause here to mention that a finding on the
question of whether the two months’ time horizon as the IPO launch date was
tantamount to a representation is important as it disposes the issue of
whether Pradeepto harboured a dishonest intention in making the
representation.

93 The Mukherjees claim not to have read the Private Placement Subscription
Agreement and that they depended solely on Pradeepto for information. It is
not disputed that the Private Placement Subscription Agreement, a six-page
document, was signed by Dr Mukherjee. In my view, there is no mileage to be
gained from the excuse that the couple did not read. Legally speaking, a party
who signs a document is deemed to know the contents of the same (see Marty
Limited v Hualon Corporation (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd (receiver and manager
appointed) [2018] SGCA 63 at [77]). Gouri represented her husband in
investments made by both of them and it would not be unreasonable to impute
knowledge of the contents of Private Placement Subscription Agreement on
Gouri.

94 Pradeepto’s testimony that the Mukherjees were apprised of the delay and
cancellation of the IPO is plausible. The Mukherjees entered into the Swajas
Investment on or around 12 January 2011, when a sum of US$500,000 was
transferred to Rising Ventures for the purposes of purchasing the shares in
Swajas. This much is undisputed. On the Mukherjees’ own case, the IPO should
have been launched two months from January 2011, that is to say, sometime in
March 2011. The Swajas Investment has a lock-in period of one year. Assuming
that there was no IPO cancellation, the Swajas Investment is expected to
mature sometime in March 2012. The Mukherjees, however, only sought to redeem
the Swajas Investment sometime in September 2012. It is unlikely that the
Mukherjees would have remained silent for six months if they had expected the
IPO to open at an earlier date, and any listing of the shares in the Bombay
Stock Exchange would be easily known. The more probable explanation for the
six months of silence would be that the Mukherjees were anticipating the
second IPO.

95 Pradeepto’s account that Swajas had made plans for a second IPO is
supported by contemporaneous evidence. Pradeepto’s oral testimony was that
between the time the first IPO was cancelled to the time the Mukherjees
decided to recall the investment, Swajas had plans for a second IPO and sought
to expand its business operations. It was during that period that Pradeepto
became more involved with Swajas – he advanced a loan to the company,
introduced a previous associate whom he worked with during his tenure in the
private banks and a director of IOEL, Ms Kundra, to spearhead Swajas’ growth
plans and to aid in the recovery of the pre-IPO for some other investors, and
assisted in brokering deals as part of the growth plan. Although these aspects
of Pradeepto’s evidence were not clearly delineated in his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief, they are not inconsistent with contemporaneous documents.
In certain email exchanges in October 2012, Swajas was seen corresponding with
Pradeepto on expansion plans in East Timor. Notably, in an email dated 2
October 2012, Pradeepto mentioned the growth plans together with a Swajas
listing: “We should target to get to turnover of INR 200 CR and profit of INR
10 CR … . That will give us the required bandwidth to list safely with the
correct fundamentals.” 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PCB 1, p 427.

The same East Timor expansion was conveyed to Gouri in response to her query
on an update on the Swajas Investment. This is borne out in an email which
bore the subject “RE: Details: Swajas Fund” dated 26 October 2012: 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PCB 1, p 430.

Everything is fine the local team is in East Timor and Indua [sic] preparing
for a tender and I have been in and out as well of Singapore when they had
time and now in London, Spain, Switzerland and India over the next ten days.

I am meeting the person in Chennai on my way back and will be collecting the
draft on my way back.

We continue holding the shares of the company through Rising Ventures.

96 Pradeepto made reference to a local team from Swajas being in East Timor
and India and that he was unable to meet them to collect the repayment of the
Swajas Investment because he had been travelling for the period that the team
was free. He then explained to Gouri that he would be meeting a Swajas
representative in India on his way back from his overseas trip in about 10
days’ time. Gouri then replied stating:

Noted the below contents; hence expected the fund after next 10 days. kindly
revert once DD collected in Chennai.

These pieces of evidence point in favour of Pradeepto’s account of the events.

97 At the trial, Gouri maintained that Pradeepto concealed the IPO
cancellation until January 2014. She, however, eventually accepted during
cross-examination that Pradeepto informed her that the IPO was “delayed” and
that both her husband and her knew this by August 2012: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Transcript Day 7, pp 4–7.

Q: Mrs Mukherjee, do you maintain that position or that very serious
allegation that he dishonestly concealed the IPO cancellation until January
2014.

A: Yes, at a much later point we understand that the IPO was already
cancelled. The same year we had invested in January and in November the IPO
was already cancelled. However, throughout the next year all the time whenever
we check that when can we get back the money, we were told that everything is
doing fine. We were never told that IPO was cancelled.

…

Q: … Mrs Mukherjee, that Pradeepto did tell you that the IPO was delayed, did
he?

A: Delayed, yes.

…

Q: When did Pradeepto tell you that the IPO was delayed, Mrs Mukherjee?

A: Now, your Honour, I don’t exactly recall, but it was around the time when I
asked him to refund the money. And September some time he sent me an email
where this form, ID form, was attached. We took a print out, signed and sent
back to him.

…

Q: … So, the one thing that is clear, Mrs Mukherjee, and you would have to
agree, that as at August 2012 you knew that the IPO had not taken place,
right?

A: Yes. IPO was delayed.

98 Pradeepto’s evidence is that he used the term “defer” or “delay” as he
understood the IPO to have been cancelled but Swajas was intending to attempt
a second IPO. He also indicated that the “deferment” was told to the
Mukherjees much earlier when the IPO was cancelled. There is a dispute over
the precise point in time at which Pradeepto communicated the “deferment” of
the IPO. There also appears to be some misunderstanding over what “deferment”
meant to the respective parties. Regardless, the Mukherjees’ assertion that
Pradeepto had concealed from them the cancellation of the IPO until 2014 is
doubtful. It is clear, and I find that the Mukherjees knew that the IPO plans
had been derailed as there was no successful IPO sometime in 2011 or 2012, and
they had not substantiated their claim that they did not discover the
cancellation until much later in 2014.

99 From the reasons stated above, I find that the two months’ timeline in the
5 January 2011 email was not Pradeepto’s representation or guarantee as to
when the IPO would be launched, and I also find that delay and cancellation of
the IPO was communicated to the Mukherjees. Additionally, I accept and find
that the Mukherjees had decided to continue holding the shares in anticipation
of the second IPO and only sought redemption in September 2012 as the
viability of the second IPO appeared bleak.

Did Pradeepto act in breach of fiduciary duty

100 The Mukherjees submit that Pradeepto was obligated to avoid any conflict
of interests with the Mukherjees and to make full disclosure of material facts
to them. Specifically, the Mukherjees argue that Pradeepto had breached his
fiduciary duty as he failed to: (a) disclose his status as an investor in
Swajas; (b) disclose his interests and connections in Swajas; (c) inform them
of the dire financial state of Swajas; (d) disclose that Swajas was not an
authorised investment of HSBC Singapore; (e) obtain the returns earned on the
Swajas Investment.

101 The principal sum of US$500,000 was returned to the Mukherjees on 1 April
2013. The Mukherjees are only claiming for reasonable returns. For the reasons
stated at [52] above, the Mukherjees are not entitled to the sum claimed. In
any event, the various findings in [99] above would cumulatively militate
against the Mukherjees’ claims , and I so hold. Moreover, the Mukherjees have
not shown that it was Pradeepto who had delayed the return of the principal
sum. Accordingly, the pleaded cause of action in breach of fiduciary duty for
the Swajas Investment fails. For the same reasons, a reasonable return on
investment based on the pleaded causes of action in the tort of deceit and/or
trust would also fail. Having reached these conclusions, it is sufficient for
me to now turn to examine the other investments. However, as the parties have
spent time arguing on issues of disclosure, I will make brief comments on
them.

102 As regards Pradeepto’s alleged failure to disclose his personal
investment(s) in Swajas, the Mukherjees submit that Pradeepto has conceded in
his defence and his affidavit of evidence-in-chief that he had invested a
substantial amount of his own monies in Swajas, and that this was not
disclosed to them. The Mukherjees also pointed out that Pradeepto sought to
suggest during cross-examination that he was not an investor. Regardless of
whether or not Pradeepto was an investor, his failure to disclose his personal
investment with Swajas is not a breach of his fiduciary duty as his investment
did not result in a conflict with the Mukherjees interests. As Pradeepto
explained, his investment was for the purposes of supporting Swajas’ second
attempt at an IPO. This is evident in the email thread bearing the subject
“Swajas expansion plan”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PCB 1, p 427.

Far from coming into conflict with the Mukherjees’ interests, it would be
beneficial for the Swajas Investment to have fresh funds to support Swajas’
growth plans to improve its chances at a second IPO.

103 Turning to Pradeepto’s failure to disclose his interests and connections
in Swajas, this is also not a breach of fiduciary duty as his interests and
connections were not in conflict with the Mukherjees’ interests. The
Mukherjees submit that Pradeepto was involved in the operations and management
of Swajas. The earliest documentary evidence the Mukherjees rely on to
demonstrate Pradeepto’s interests and connections in Swajas are certain emails
in 2012. These emails show Pradeepto introducing Ms Kundra to spearhead
Swajas’ growth plans and Pradeepto actively involved in discussions over
Swajas’ East Timor expansion plans. Pradeepto explained that his involvement
was to revive the distressed Swajas. He introduced Ms Kundra to Swajas to not
only spearhead Swajas’ growth plans but to also later assist in the recovery
of the investments of investors such as the Mukherjees. It is difficult to
imagine how Pradeepto’s involvement (or that of Ms Kundra for that matter) in
the affairs of Swajas was in any way in conflict with the Mukherjees’
interests. Crucially, in April 2013, Ms Kundra was able to procure a cheque
which represented the Mukherjees’ principal sum to pay the Mukherjees.
Moreover, Pradeepto’s involvement with Swajas appears to be in relation to
setting up of Swajas’ subsidiary, Swajas Singapore. The growth plans were
eventually undertaken by the Swajas Singapore. Similarly, Ms Kundra was not
made director of Swajas but of Swajas Singapore. Pradeepto’s involvement with
Swajas is therefore one step removed from the Swajas Investment itself.

104 The Mukherjees also place emphasis on Pradeepto’s directorship in Swajas
Singapore to show a conflict of his interests with theirs. There is nothing to
this argument. His directorship was in 2014. Not only have the Mukherjees
already recovered their principal sum by the time of his directorship,
Pradeepto was not a director of Swajas itself. Mr Ng attempted to suggest that
while the Mukherjees have recovered their investment, Pradeepto continued to
owe them obligations of a fiduciary as they held onto shares in Swajas. This
brings me back a similar point earlier made. Swajas Singapore is a separate
legal entity from Swajas. Pradeepto’s directorship alone does not ipso facto
mean that he was placed in a position of conflict vis-à-vis the Mukherjees’
interests.

105 In relation to the failure to disclose the dire financial state of Swajas,
the Mukherjees submits that there were two points in time at which the alleged
poor financial health of Swajas ought to have been disclosed to the
Mukherjees. The first is at the time the Swajas Investment was introduced to
them. The Mukherjees rely on Mr Iyer’s report where, having considered the
assets of Swajas and Swajas’ financing activities, he concludes that Swajas
was in no position to launch a successful IPO. It was therefore argued that
Pradeepto ought to have conducted a due diligence exercise to ascertain if the
Swajas Investment was suitable for the Mukherjees. The second time period
referred to is in August 2013 where there were indications that Swajas was
facing financial and operational difficulties.

106 First and foremost, it is unclear how the duty to disclose in this context
arose – whether it was due to a potential conflict of interests or from the
duty of honesty. In his second role, Pradeepto’s duty was simply to act in the
Mukherjees’ interests, post decision to purchase pre-IPO shares. As far as he
is concerned, the pre-IPO package (containing the Information Memorandum) was
prepared by Swajas with the assistance of chartered accountants. The
Information Memorandum was disclosed to the Mukherjees and, critically, the
IPO was eventually approved by the Bombay Stock Exchange and the IPO failed
because of the market’s placid response. In these circumstances, it cannot
seriously be argued that Pradeepto had to conduct a due diligence exercise to
ascertain state of Swajas’ financial health.

107 There was a further suggestion that Pradeepto had sought to conceal the
various matters above as the true reason for why he recommended the Swajas
Investment was because he needed money to be invested in Swajas so as to
effect its revival. This suggestion is patently unsustainable. The Mukherjees
have not pointed to evidence that would have put Pradeepto on notice of
Swajas’ purported poor financial health at the time he introduced the
investment to the Mukherjees. On the contrary, in an email dated 13 September
2010 sent to Pradeepto regarding the Swajas Investment opportunity, the
representative in the email conveyed a strong sense of enthusiasm over the
viability of the investment; stating that there were “tremendous upside
possibilities”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AB 1, p 91.

108 As regards the financial health of Swajas in August 2013, the simple point
is that the Mukherjees have already recovered their investment.

109 Moving to consider the allegation that Pradeepto had failed to disclose
the delay and cancellation of the IPO. The finding (see [99] above) is that
Pradeepto did disclose these matters. There is, accordingly, no breach.

110 On the issue of Pradeepto’s failure to disclose the fact that the Swajas
Investment was not an authorised investment of HSBC Singapore, the Mukherjees
submit that it was only natural for them to expect that the investment was
authorised by HSBC Singapore as Pradeepto was their then relationship manager
at HSBC Singapore. I have already concluded that Pradeepto had two roles in
his dealings with the Mukherjees, namely a primary role and a second role (see
[29] above). On the stand, Gouri accepted that Pradeepto did not expressly
represent to her that the Swajas Investment was an HSBC Singapore authorised
investment. The Mukherjees’ case therefore rests on their assumption that it
was so. There were various indicators that the Swajas Investment was not an
HSBC Singapore authorised investment. There were no voice logs done pursuant
to Gouri’s instructions to transfer the principal sum to Rising Ventures and
her bank statements did not reflect the Swajas Investment as an investment
with HSBC Singapore. No questions were raised as to why the Swajas Investment
did not appear in the bank statements. In my view, this complaint that the
Swajas was not an HSBC Singapore product does not advance the Mukherjees’ case
based on breach of fiduciary’s duty.

111 Finally, the Mukherjees argue that Pradeepto breached his fiduciary duty
in failing to procure the prompt return of the principal sum and returns on
the investment. This argument cuts no ice. There is no evidence to counter
Pradeepto’s testimony which sounded plausible. He explained that he had
attempted to recover the Mukherjees’ investment but it was not easy to do so
as there were regulatory hurdles pertaining to the return of foreign direct
investments in Indian companies, and Swajas could not immediately provide the
repayment it had suffered from the IPO failure. Recovery of the Mukherjees’
principal sum was only made possible when another investor participated in the
revival of Swajas.

Conclusion on breach of fiduciary duty in relation to the Swajas Investment

112 In summary, Pradeepto did not breach the fiduciary obligations argued by
the Mukherjees. Accordingly, the Mukherjees’ claim for equitable compensation
in respect of returns on the Swajas Investment fails (see [101] above).

SEW Investment

113 Chronologically, the investments in 2013 were the Neodymium and Peak,
Pacatolous, Farmlands, Trade Sea and SEW Trident Investments. I propose to
first deal with the SEW Trident Investment since the events that developed
there probably precipitated the redemption of the other investments that led
to the eventual breakdown of the relationship.

114 SEW Trident is a Singapore company operated by SEW Group. The SEW
Investment was a trade financing deal the Mukherjees entered into with SEW
Trident in November 2013. According to the Mukherjees, in or around October
2013, Pradeepto advised them to invest in SEW Trident. The details of this
investment is set out below.

Background to the SEW Investment

115 The decision to go into the SEW Investment took place over a period of
time. The picture that emerged is one where Pradeepto was constantly pursuing
Gouri to come to a decision to invest. At first, Gouri passed Pradeepto a
cheque of US$300,000 to be allocated to the SEW Investment, but shortly
thereafter, she changed her mind and she asked for the cheque to be cancelled.
She eventually made the decision to allocate US$500,000 to SEW Trident in
November 2013. It is this eventual allocation of US$500,000 that became the
SEW Investment. Throughout the entire episode, Pradeepto’s persistence in
having Gouri invest in SEW was palpable.

116 Pradeepto introduced the SEW Investment to the Mukherjees on 4 October
2013 in an email addressed to Gouri: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AB8, p 4335.

Dear Gouri Mashi,

I have the following opportunity for a trade finance cycle:

SEW Trident Pte Ltd

Period of investment on month/three months

Return: 1.5 percent flat.

Amount: In USD 250K lots maximum USD1M.

…

117 On 21 October 2013, after many follow-ups by Pradeepto, Gouri finally
agreed to allocate US$300,000 to SEW Trident. On 21 October 2013, sometime
around noon, Gouri made out a cheque in SEW Trident’s favour and she passed
the cheque to Pradeepto. Later that same evening, Gouri told Pradeepto not to
deposit the cheque: “Deep, really sorry; I am bit troubled now. [Please] don’t
deposit the [cheque] now! So sorry, hold on first.” 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AB 8, p 4348.

Digressing for a moment, “Deep” was Gouri’s familiar name for Pradeepto.
Having received Gouri’s message, Pradeepto acknowledged Gouri’s instructions.

118 On 23 October 2013, Pradeepto asked Gouri if he could deposit the cheque.
Gouri responded as follows: “Deep morning, not now. I am so sorry [about] this
whole thing … [PLEASE] CANCEL this [cheque].” 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AB 8, p 4349.

In reply, Pradeepto informed Gouri that her decision not to invest would put a
US$2.8m trade in trouble. Gouri, however, told Pradeepto that she was having
cash flow difficulties and had no appetite for more investments but will look
forward to future opportunities.

119 Despite Gouri’s clear instructions, Pradeepto nonetheless banked in her
cheque. On 1 November 2013, Gouri found out that her cheque was cleared and,
upon being queried, Pradeepto claimed that a mistake was made by a staff
member of SEW Trident. This excuse is unconvincing. Not only did Pradeepto
acknowledge Gouri’s instructions to hold onto the cheque, she also made it
clear that she wanted the cheque cancelled after Pradeepto sought her
permission to deposit the cheque. As it turns out, the cheque was deposited
into SEW Trident’s account on 31 October 2013. During cross-examination,
Pradeepto was confronted with an email from a representative of Trade Sea
informing him that the US$300,000 was deposited into SEW’s account on 31
October 2013. Mr Ng raised two points. First, the relevance of leaving the
cheque with Trade Sea and secondly, Pradeepto’s apparent failure to have the
cheque destroyed or returned.

120 It is plain that Pradeepto was anxious to have the Mukherjees allocate
funds to SEW Trident. As he stated in his text messages to Gouri, the relevant
trades have already been committed to and the trades would face trouble
without the Mukherjees’ participation. Obviously, Pradeepto chose to ignore
Gouri’s instructions to cancel the cheque. It also stands to reason that
Pradeepto’s excuse that a staff made a mistake in depositing the cheque was
untrue.

121 As matters panned out, the US$300,000 was eventually returned to the
Mukherjees. On 26 November 2013, Pradeepto approached Gouri once again to have
her allocate funds to SEW Trident: “Hello Mashi. Any updates for me? Any
quantum we can use for one week to rotate and send in a running trade cycle.
[T]hanks much”. This time Gouri agreed to allocate US$500,000 and indicated
that she would make the transfer by cheque. When she queried about the
reference to be written on the back of the cheque, Pradeepto told her to
indicate “[s]tructured trade finance Iron ore 015/2013-2014”.

122 The trade allocation was for one week only. Gouri sought redemption a week
or so after the investment was made, sometime in December 2013. From December
2013 to July 2014, the parties discussed the redemption of the investment.
Pradeepto, at various junctures, indicated that the funds were already
redeemed or that the redemption would be closed out shortly. Notably, on 20
December 2013, a cheque for the sum of US$500,000 was issued by Peak in the
Mukherjees’ favour (hereafter referred to as the PCI Cheque). The PCI Cheque
was subsequently dishonoured. The Mukherjees claim that Pradeepto had
attempted to have Peak repay the SEW Investment. Pradeepto, on the other hand,
stated that the PCI Cheque concerned the redemption of the Mukherjees’ Peak
Investment and that the cheque was dishonoured as the Peak Investment had not
yet matured.

123 Following the dishonour of the PCI Cheque, Pradeepto continued to assure
the Mukherjees of the redemption. On 25 February 2014, he told Gouri that the
funds had been remitted to IOEL as there were issues with having the funds
sent to the Mukherjees directly. On 26 February 2014, Pradeepto then told
Gouri: “[i]f all goes well you will get it late tonight / tomorrow or latest
on Friday. The money is now in my nominated entity control so not to worry.
Alls well that ends well :)”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AB 8, p 4375.

124 Soon after, Pradeepto told Gouri that she would be receiving the sum of
US$500,000 in two lots of US$250,000 each. Sometime in March 2014, US$250,000
was remitted from IOEL to the Mukherjees’ bank account. That was the last of
the principal sum the Mukherjees received from Pradeepto. The remaining
US$250,000 and the returns on the investment continue to remain outstanding.
Pradeepto’s contention is that IOEL only received US$250,000 from SEW Trident.
The balance of US$250,000 is with SEW Trident and the Mukherjees should look
to SEW Trident to recover this amount.

125 The Mukherjees’ case is that Pradeepto was motivated by his own personal
agenda when he presented the SEW Investment to the Mukherjees. In their
closing submissions, they highlight that Pradeepto sought to put SEW Trident
in funds to make an interest-free loan to IOEL so that he could pay off his
company’s dues. They further argue that on Pradeepto’s case, he induced them
to invest in the SEW Investment even though SEW Trident had trading
difficulties and needed their funds to simply have trades proceed. The
relevant question is whether the funds allocated to SEW Investment by the
Mukherjees were made used of for other matters. I will consider this question
and Pradeepto’s involvement later on (see [137]-–[142]).

Circumstances surrounding the redemption of SEW Investment

126 Gouri’s efforts at redeeming the SEW Investment spanned across late
December 2013 to July 2014. As can be seen from [120]–[124] above, Pradeepto
gave various reasons during this period for the less-than-forthcoming
redemption process. It should be noted that during this time, Gouri was also
engaging with Pradeepto on issues regarding the Trade Sea Investment and a
related banker’s guarantee that she required for her company.

127 Specifically, on 13 December 2013, Pradeepto informed Gouri via text
message that the SEW Investment was “already redeemed” and indicated the
returns to be US$6,200. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

CB 2, pp 914–915.

He further informed Gouri that she can expect to receive US$506,200 on or
around 18 December 2013. Gouri, however, did not receive any monies on or
around 18 December 2013.

128 Both Pradeepto and Gouri continued to engaged each other over the weeks
that followed. The conversations were largely similar – Pradeepto would
indicate that redemptions would be transferred to Gouri in due course and she
would respond stating that no monies were received. The following text
messages that were exchanged on 23 December 2013 are illustrative: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AB 8, pp 4362–4363.

[Gouri]: Deep, what [account] did [you] indicate on the reverse side of the
[cheque]? There is nothing floating!!! What do [you] want me to do now??

[Gouri]: You said you deposited in uob/orchard.

[Gouri]: Last Thursday evening. If that’s correct, then it sh[ould] be in
floating now!!

]Gouri]: Reply ASAP!!

]Pradeepto]: [Account] indicated is ….

[Pradeepto]: It must have gone in on Friday morning as it was Thursday
evening. Suggest you check today afternoon Mashi.

[Gouri]: Correct. That I [have] duly discounted. Ask SEW for [photocopy] of
the [cheque].

[Gouri]: No, Friday 2pm it sh[ould] show floating n monday aft[er] 2pm the
fund sh[ould] be in.

Gouri was chasing Pradeepto regarding the redemption of the SEW Investment.
After several unsuccessful attempts at communicating to Pradeepto that the
monies were not transferred to her account, Gouri began seeking proof that SEW
Trident had indeed taken steps to redeem the investment.

129 As stated, on or around 20 December 2013, Gouri received the PCI Cheque of
US$500,000. That cheque was dishonoured on presentation. It is useful to refer
to the text messages between Gouri and Pradeepto dated 24 December 2013 on
this point: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

PCB 2, pp 919–920.

[Gouri]: Deep, [your] 500k has bounced. They [have] issued [cheque from] an
[account] that is closed!! Can [you] imagine??

]Pradeepto]: Must be an error let me check asap and revert

…

]Pradeepto]: Have already checked Mashi. The accountant sent in from the wrong
account book. Sincere apologies from their side. Will be sorted on Thursday.

130 As stated, at the trial, Pradeepto’s position is that the PCI Cheque
represented the redemption of the Peak Investment. That investment had not
become due and that was the reason why the cheque was dishonoured. On further
questioning, Pradeepto explained that Peak and SEW Trident shared the same
accountant and that the accountant had made a mistake as to the redemption
date of the Peak Investment. The Mukherjees submit that Pradeepto was not
telling the truth. He had sought to use Peak to provide the redemption for the
SEW Investment. Gouri was never informed by Pradeepto that it was Peak that
would be issuing the redemption on behalf of SEW Trident. On balance, the
Mukherjees’ version was the more probable one.

131 As can be seen from the text messages above, the PCI cheque was issued
from a bank account that had been closed. Pradeepto’s explanation then was
that the accountant responsible for the redemption had made use of the wrong
bank account. However, the parties were speaking on the basis of SEW Trident
as the company to provide the redemption. Nowhere in the text messages is the
explanation that there was a mix up with the Peak Investment. In my view, the
explanation that the accountant responsible for the redemption of the SEW
Investment was the same accountant responsible for the redemption of the Peak
Investment and had gotten the two redemptions mixed up is an afterthought. It
is more likely than not that Pradeepto had made use of Peak to issue a cheque
purporting to be the SEW Investment redemption to temporarily pacify the
Mukherjees. Pradeepto could do so as some of Peak’s cheque books were left
with Ms Kundra of IOEL. To make use of a cheque from a closed account smacks
of dishonesty.

132 Returning to the narrative, Pradeepto continued to make empty promises as
regards the redemption. On 30 December 2013, Gouri once again sought an update
on the redemption: “Deep, where is the 500k now? Also check [and] let me
[know] what’s the premium [amount].” 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AB 8, p 4365.

133 Pradeepto replied stating that he had requested a copy of the telegraphic
transfer and that the “[p]remium amount [was] US 57.5K”. There is some
confusion as to what the US$57,500 represents. According to the Mukherjees,
this is the updated figure of the returns due on the SEW Investment; Pradeepto
had changed the SEW Investment returns from US$6,200 to US$57,500. According
to Pradeepto, the US$57,500 represented the returns on the Neodymium, Peak and
Trade Sea Investments, and not the returns on the SEW Investment. It is not
necessary for this court to decide what this figure represents. Suffice to say
that Gouri did receive US$57,500.

134 It bears repeating that eventually, sometime in February 2014, Pradeepto
informed Gouri that SEW Trident had transferred a sum of US$500,000 into
IOEL’s Hong Kong bank account. On 26 February 2014, Pradeepto stated: “[i]f
all goes well you will get [the monies] late tonight/tomorrow or latest on
Friday. The money is now in my nominated entity control so not to worry. Alls
well that ends well :)”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

CB 2, p 4375.

Pradeepto confirmed, at trial, that IOEL did receive the full sum of
US$500,000. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Transcript Day 15, p 112.

This is supported by a credit advice from SEW Trident to IOEL. Shortly after,
Pradeepto indicated that the transfer from IOEL to Gouri would take place in
two lots of US$250,000 each. He added that both lots will be sent at the same
time.

135 On or around 3 March 2014, Gouri received US$250,000. Curiously when Gouri
asked Pradeepto for a copy of the debit advice showing the remittance of the
balance sum of US$250,000 by an email on 4 March 2014, Pradeepto attached the
same debit advice as the one dated 3 March 2014 to give the impression that
two lots were transferred. Be that as it may, the parties continued to discuss
the recovery of the remaining US$250,000 in the months following. These
discussions bore no fruit.

136 Pradeepto was questioned on the status of the remaining US$250,000. His
evidence is that after SEW Trident transferred the US$500,000 to IOEL and IOEL
had paid the Mukherjees the sum of US$250,000, SEW Trident requested that the
remaining US$250,000 be transferred back. The purpose of this was so that SEW
Trident could itself transfer the monies to Gouri. This explanation is
incredulous. It is simply absurd for SEW Trident to transfer US$500,000 to
IOEL with the intention of having IOEL return the full sum to the Mukherjees
and then have part of the sum returned so that SEW Trident could transfer the
balance sum itself. This makes no sense; over and above incurring unnecessary
bank charges in the process. Further, in his reply to Gouri’s query as to why
the remaining US$250,000 had not been transferred into her account, Pradeepto
told her that the sum was pending clearance at the bank. At no point did he
explain that the sum was sent back to SEW Trident. This was also not indicated
in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief. I find that the remaining US$250,000
was not returned to SEW Trident nor to Gouri and so I find.

Transactions behind the SEW Investment

137 Pradeepto, in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, explains that the SEW
Investment involves an iron trade deal between SEW Trident, IOEL and Magnum.
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

BAEIC Vol 4, Tab 4, para 378.

The Mukherjees, on the other hand, submit that the true purpose of the SEW
Investment was to put SEW Trident in funds for the purposes of providing a
loan of US$1m to IOEL. This loan was to allow Pradeepto to pay his dues to
another client of his, one Mr Vaibhav Kanade (“Mr Kanade”). Having considered
the available evidence, I am of the view that the evidence is sufficiently
cogent for the Mukherjees to make out their case.

138 First and foremost, there is little to indicate that the SEW Investment
was for purposes of an authentic trade (or trades). There were no documents
evidencing the Mukherjees’ title to their investment; there were no emails
from SEW Trident acknowledging that they recognise the Mukherjees as the
investors who allocated US$500,000 for one week. In the absence of documentary
evidence, the Mukherjees have a prima facie case that their monies were not
applied towards the desired investment.

139 According to Pradeepto, Mr Kanade is a long-standing client. Pradeepto
owed Mr Kanade monies arising out of certain commercial transactions and thus
needed to take an advance from SEW Trident. Now it would appear that around
the time the Mukherjees made their investment, Mr Kanade had earlier been
pressuring Pradeepto for monies and was displeased with how Pradeepto had been
handling his affairs. On 27 November 2013, Pradeepto communicated with Mr
Kanade’s representative regarding the invoices of certain iron ore
transactions between SEW Trident and Peak. In that email, Pradeepto indicated
that there would be one more invoice to expect and that he would follow up and
ensure closure of the relevant transaction. In response, Mr Kanade’s
representative stated that only part of the expected sum had been received and
highlighted that the balance remained outstanding. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PCB 2, p 1015.

On 4 December 2013, Mr Kanade sent Pradeepto an email expressing discontent at
the fact that the loan of US$1m provided by SEW Trident had been remitted to
the wrong account and was thus returned. On 28 December 2013, Mr Kanade took
umbrage with Pradeepto’s empty promises of having monies returned. It is clear
from the emails during this period that Pradeepto’s relationship with Mr
Kanade was rocky. Mr Kanade was applying increasing pressure on Pradeepto to
have his monies returned. It is likely that this motivated Pradeepto to pursue
the Mukherjees for the SEW Investment.

140 Gouri’s cheque for US$500,000 for the SEW Investment was handed to
Pradeepto on 27 November 2013 (this coincides with the exchanges between
Pradeepto and Mr Kanade above). The very next day, SEW Trident entered into a
loan agreement with IOEL. Under the terms of the agreement, SEW Trident would
lend IOEL a sum of US$1m for three years at no interest (the document itself
indicated a loan period of nine months, Pradeepto’s testimony on the loan
period was that of three years; nothing turns on this difference). The sum
would be transferred directly to Mr Kanade. According to Pradeepto, SEW
Trident indicated that it was facing a “very bleak and difficult outlook” at
the time the Mukherjees sought redemption; which notably, was merely one week
from the time the Mukherjees subscribed to the SEW Investment. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

BAEIC Vol 4, Tab 4, para 384.

It would be atypical for SEW Trident to extend a three-year interest-free loan
to IOEL when SEW Trident would be having difficulties repaying the Mukherjees.
On balance, it was likely that the SEW Investment contributed to the US$1m
loan that was given by SEW Trident to IOEL.

141 Pradeepto’s response to the Mukherjees’ case was that it would take at
least a few days for a bank to clear the Mukherjees’ cheque. Hence, the loan
agreement could not have arisen out of the Mukherjees’ investment. The loan
from SEW Trident can instead be explained on the following basis:

(a) IOEL had existing commercial transactions with SEW Trident which Mr Kanade
provided funds for.

(b) As a result of losses from personal real estate dealings, Pradeepto had to
take out an advance from SEW Trident to repay Mr Kanade.

What Pradeepto’s explanation does not account for, however, is the situation
where SEW Trident agreed to loan Pradeepto US$1m in anticipation of the
Mukherjees’ investment. It is also questionable how losses arising out of
Pradeepto’s personal real estate dealings were relevant to monies owing to Mr
Kanade for providing funds to commercial transactions between SEW Trident and
IOEL.

142 Continuing with the narrative, Pradeepto’s evidence was that the SEW
Trident loan was repaid in three tranches: US$450,000 in 2014, US$400,000 in
2015 and US$150,000 in 2016. The Mukherjees were, coincidentally, only able to
receive US$250,000 sometime in March 2014 despite having been told since
December 2013 that monies were being sent to their account. It is likely that
SEW Trident was only able to provide the redemption when Pradeepto repaid the
first tranche of the loan. Pradeepto might have obtained funds from other
sources to make the repayment which required him to withhold the remaining
US$250,000 to meet the other liabilities. In the round, I am satisfied on a
balance of probabilities that monies from the SEW Investment assisted
Pradeepto to pay his or his nominee-company’s dues (ie IOEL’s dues).

Returns

143 While the Mukherjees cannot recover reasonable returns for want of proof
of loss, I will nonetheless make some observations on their claim.

144 On 13 December 2013, Pradeepto indicated that the returns on the SEW
Investment was US$6,200. A cheque was made out to the Mukherjees dated 20
December 2013 and this cheque was handed to the Mukherjees on 23 December
2013. The Mukherjees acknowledge that this sum was received in their closing
submissions. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PCS, para 446(b).

Pradeepto told the Mukherjees that this was the returns on the SEW Investment
and that the earnings were better than expected. Curiously, the figures do not
add up. At the outset, Pradeepto represented that the returns would be at a
rate of 1.5%. On a principal sum of US500,000, the returns ought to have been
US$7,500. Unless the rate of returns changed subsequent to Pradeepto’s initial
representation, the US$6,200 does not represent the full returns.

145 Here, the Mukherjees are claiming for reasonable returns based on
alternative investments, and it seems odd to make such a claim based on
alternative investments bearing in mind the receipt of US$6,2000. In any case,
as explained in [52] above, the claim for reasonable returns based on
alternative investments fails.

Did Pradeepto act in breach of fiduciary duty

146 The Mukherjees submit that Pradeepto breached his fiduciary duty in: (a)
failing to disclose material information when introducing the SEW Investment;
(b) failing to procure documents evidencing their title to the SEW Investment;
(c) failing to disclose his connections with or interests in SEW Trident; (d)
and failing to procure the outstanding principal sum of US$250,000 and returns
on the investment.

147 As regards the overall contentions, the real issue relates to Pradeepto’s
disloyalty in obscuring the true purpose of the SEW Investment from the
Mukherjees. The earlier finding is that Pradeepto was responsible for Post-
Decision Activities. In relying on Pradeepto to carry out their decision to
invest in the SEW Investment (ie, the Post-Decision Activities), the
Mukherjees were vulnerable to Pradeepto’s disloyalty and the events show that
Pradeepto did not act in good faith. As their agent and the means through
which the Mukherjees procured investments, Pradeepto owes the Mukherjees the
duty of loyalty which notion encompasses a duty to be honest and to act in
good faith towards the principals, a duty to fair and transparent with the
principals, a duty to act in the principals’ interest, and the rule against
self-dealing. Yet, far from being loyal, in purportedly carrying out his
instructions, the funds allocated to the SEW Investment were used in a way
that involved Pradeepto’s undisclosed personal interests, or which possibly
conflicted with the Mukherjees’ interests. In my view, this is a clear breach
of Pradeepto’s fiduciary duty.

148 I should add that Pradeepto’s obligation as a fiduciary was to redeem the
SEW Investment on maturity of one week. The facts outlined above (see
[126]–[136]) demonstrated his false promises and subsequent failure to cause
IOEL to pay the other US$250,000. The fact of the matter is that on
Pradeepto’s own testimony, US$500,000 redemption money meant for the
Mukherjees was received by Pradeepto’s company, IOEL, and only half of that
sum was returned to the Mukherjees and the other half was returned to SEW
Trident for a reason that was spurious. In my view, the evidence demonstrated
that Pradeepto had clearly not acted in the interests of his principals.
Whether US$250,000 was returned to SEW Trident or retain by IOEL, on any view,
Pradeepto was in breach of duty since he had placed himself is a position
where his duty to the Mukherjees, which is to the handover US$500,000 received
from SEW Trident to the Mukherjees, conflicted with his own interests. He
acted in breach of his fiduciary duty in relation to the sum of US$250,000,
and I so hold.

Conclusion on breach of fiduciary duty in relation to the SEW Investment

149 I conclude that the case against Pradeepto in relation to breach of
fiduciary duty is made out. The evidence is quite clear that the funds for the
SEW Investment were utilised in a way which involved Pradeepto’s personal
interests or that of IOEL. In relying on Pradeepto to carry out their decision
to invest in the SEW Investment (ie, the Post-Decision Activities), the
Mukherjees were vulnerable to Pradeepto’s disloyalty and the events recounted
above show that Pradeepto did not act in good faith. The Mukherjees suffered
loss as they were deprived of the outstanding US$250,000 principal sum because
of Pradeepto’s disloyalty as a fiduciary. According, I grant judgment against
Pradeepto in the sum of US$250,000, I will deal with the question of interest
under s 12 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, Rev Ed 1999) (“CLA”) later in this
judgment. As explained at [52] above, the claim for reasonable returns based
on alternative investments fail.

Trade Sea Investment

150 The Trade Sea Investment is a trade finance which the Mukherjees decided
to invest in on 12 August 2013. Gouri asserts that in or around July 2013,
Pradeepto brought to her attention the Trade Sea Investment and made the
following representations: 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Setting Down Bundle, Tab 7, para 103.

(a) By an email dated 29 July 2013, Pradeepto represented that the Trade Sea
Investment was for a sum of US$350,000 for a holding period of three months.
It was subsequently agreed that the amount of funds invested would be reduced
to US$200,000.

(b) Pradeepto orally represented that the investment was a “great structure”
which would earn a premium of between 14 to 18% per annum.

151 Gouri was initially hesitant to invest in Trade Sea owing to liquidity
issues faced by her business. She eventually relented and issued a cheque
dated 12 August 2013 made out to Trade Sea for the sum of US$200,000.
Pradeepto collected the cheque from Gouri but was said to have not provided
the Mukherjees with the relevant documents evidencing their title to Trade Sea
Investment in return. The Mukherjees were also unaware that funds would be
transferred down the line to finance trades involving IOEL.

152 According to Pradeepto, the Trade Sea Investment involved trades between
Trade Sea, Magnum and IOEL. The Mukherjees specifically sought to investments
which involved IOEL.

Terms of the Trade Sea Investment

153 As stated, the Trade Sea Investment was a trade finance. Typically trade
finance involves a trading company seeking funds from private investors to
provide funds upfront to carry out trade. The investor recovers his investment
along with returns at the end of a trade cycle.

154 There is some dispute over the precise terms of the Trade Sea Investment.
According to Gouri, the holding period of the investment was for three months
with an amended principal sum of US$200,000 and relies on the email dated 29
July 2013 for the terms of the Trade Sea Investment. In his closing
submissions, Pradeepto explains that the email on 29 July 2013 (which stated a
principal sum of US$350,000) involved a finance allocation with Flevum Asia.
The Mukherjees decided not to participate in that trade and instead allocated
US$200,000 for Trade Sea’s trade finance which involved an entity known as
Magnum and IOEL. Hence, the Mukherjees entered into a different investment
with the same entity on new terms.

155 Regardless of whether the 29 July 2013 email embodied the terms of the
Trade Sea Investment, Pradeepto accepted during the trial that the holding
period was for three months. Thus, there is no longer any controversy that the
Trade Sea Investment was for a holding period of three months and the
principal sum was US$200,000.

156 Gouri also asserts that Pradeepto had orally represented that the Trade
Sea Investment would yield returns of between 14% to 18% per annum. Pradeepto
denies having made that representation. This denial was, however, not
seriously pursued at trial or in closing submissions. There must have been
some representation regarding the premiums. It is only natural as the whole
reason for the Mukherjee’s trade allocation was to earn some returns. As the
parties did not seriously dispute the terms of the premium, I accept Gouri’s
position.

Transactions behind the Trade Sea Investment

157 It transpires from the evidence that the funds allocated to the Trade Sea
Investment were not used for a trade finance deal with Trade Sea as the
Mukherjees’ intended counterparty. Instead, upon Pradeepto’s instructions, the
Mukherjees’ funds were used for other trade(s) between Magnum and IOEL, with
IOEL trading down the line with SEW Trident. Notably, the Director of Trade
Sea, Mr Bharat Mekani (“Mr Mekani”) (who is Pradeepto’s factual witness)
stated during the trial that when he first approached Pradeepto in June 2013,
there was no specific trade discussed. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Transcript Day 11, pp 11–12.

Further, as can be seen from Mr Mekani’s answers, upon transfer of the
US$200,000 to Magnum, Trade Sea was absolved of “responsibility”, and the said
transfer was effected the next day to Magnum on Pradeepto’s instructions: 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript Day 11, pp 37–40.

Q: … what happened to the 200,000 that was invested in Trade Sea?

A: There was no money in Trade Sea. It was -- you yourself saw that it was
sent to Magnum the next day after it was received. So Trade Sea never had any
money.

Q: So after Trade Sea sent the money on to Magnum, it has got no further
responsibility --

A: That’s right.

Q: -- in respect of this 200,000?

A: That’s right.

Q: So if the [Mukherjees] had put money where Trade Sea deposited a cheque
with Trade Sea for the purposes of this trade and trade-related services, by
passing it on to Magnum, Trade Sea becomes absolved of all responsibilities?

A: Because it was done on the instruction of the person who brought the
cheque.

Q: And the person who brought the cheque is?

A: As I mentioned in my affidavit, the cheque was handed over by Pradeepto.

…

Q: If you have no responsibility, who is the party that has responsibility to
return the money, Mr Mekani?

A: Magnum is doing the trade and trade-related services; at the end of trade,
Magnum would return the money.

Q: … So Trade Sea falls out of the picture entirely?

A: Trade was never in the picture after the money was transferred.

158 Pradeepto could not properly explain the transfer of the Mukherjees’ funds
by Trade Sea since the Mukherjees could have simply invested directly with
Magnum as their counterparty if that was intended: 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Transcript Day 11, pp 66–67.

Q: … Why wasn’t the money from Trade Sea transferred directly to Indian Ocean?
Why was there a need to go through Magnum?

A: Because Magnum was the counterparty in the trade.

Q: Right. Then why couldn’t the [Mukherjees] have invested in Magnum as
opposed to Trade Sea?

A: That was a possibility, but the [Mukherjees] decided to move ahead with
Trade Sea.

Q: They went ahead with Trade Sea because you brought this Trade Sea
opportunity to them?

…

A: No.

Q: No? Please explain.

A: Yes. I have been bringing opportunities to the [Mukherjees] for a very long
period of time, and Trade Sea was one of the opportunities that was brought to
them. So it’s not just the opportunity. Just to rephrase your question.

….

Q: So, again, given the fact that the underlying trade which you claim was a
trade engaged in between Magnum and [IOEL], and eventually [SEW], why didn’t
the [Mukherjees] invest directly in Magnum?

A: As you would see, which is also one of the disputed claims that the
[Mukherjees] have, the [Mukherjees] have directly invested in SEW Trident.
Maybe at a later point they could have even invested directly in Magnum
Business.

Court: Mr Pradeepto, please answer the question asked.

…

A: Okay. To basically explain to you, Trade Sea was the entity that received
the funds and moved it to Magnum to get the trade done.

Court: Please answer the question asked.

A: They could have directly invested into Magnum, but they chose not to.

Q: They chose not to. Were they ever informed that this particular trade or
this particular allocation in Trade Sea would move to Magnum?

A: Yes, they were.

159 Pradeepto did not point to any evidence to support his bald assertion that
the Mukherjees were aware of the underlying trade with Magnum and IOEL. He
stated that the Mukherjees were provided with the relevant documents at a
meeting with the Mukherjees, and that the Mukherjees chose to allocate funds
for the Trade Sea Investment because they knew and took comfort in the fact
that IOEL would be involved. There is every reason to believe that Pradeepto
made up his story that the Mukherjees knew of the trade between Magnum and
IOEL. First, Mr Mekani said that Trade Sea was not carrying out any specific
trades at the material time. When Mr Ng queried Mr Mekani on what would happen
to monies that were not deployed for a trade, Mr Mekani said that it would “go
back … [t]o the person who was giving the money”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript Day 11, pp 8–9.

It would be superfluous to give the Mukherjees the option of allocating funds
between Trade Sea and Magnum if Trade Sea was not carrying out specific trades
in the first place and would return the monies to the sender. Secondly,
assuming that the Mukherjees were aware of the underlying trade between Magnum
and IOEL, Pradeepto’s explanation that the Mukherjees had a choice between
allocating funds in Trade Sea and Magnum would make little sense. It is
difficult to understand why the Mukherjees would choose to have their monies
transferred to Trade Sea only to expect the sum to be immediately transferred
to Magnum, an unknown entity.

160 Significantly, the fact remains that based on Mr Mekani’s evidence, Trade
Sea was not the counterparty to the Trade Sea Investment and at the time the
cheque was received, Trade Sea had no specific trades that required trade
finance. I accept Mr Ng’s submission that far from disclosing the true state
of affairs in relation to the identity of the counterparty for the trade
finance, Pradeepto concealed the underlying trade between Magnum and IOEL.
Certainly, Pradeepto had misled the Mukherjees into allocating the sum of
US$200,000 to a trade finance with Trade Sea that was not in existence, and I
so find. At this level, it does not make any difference to the analysis and
outcome to not fully accept Mr Iyer’s opinion on how the funds were used to
offset Pradeepto’s existing liabilities in a transaction involving Trade Sea
and Trilogy.

Delay in redemption of the Trade Sea Investment

161 Sometime on or around 27 November 2013, Gouri sought Pradeepto’s
assistance to procure a banker’s guarantee. Both sides proffered conflicting
reasons as to why Gouri turned to Pradeepto for help. It matters not which
version is true as nothing turns on this. The fact of the matter is that Gouri
sought Pradeepto’s assistance to procure a banker’s guarantee. She wrote: 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AB 9, p 4912D.

… A BG to be issued preferably under Sea Quest … alternat[ively] direct under
my name.

Collateral – investment fund under my name.

If the above is possible, how long will need and what are the charges.

162 Two things should be noted. First, Gouri was cognisant that one of the
Mukherjees’ investments might be used as collateral. Indeed, at trial, Gouri
accepted that she gave Pradeepto latitude to decide on which particular
investment to use as collateral. Secondly, Gouri sought a banker’s guarantee
around the time the three months holding period of the Trade Sea Investment
would have matured, if Pradeepto had placed the allocated funds with Trade
Sea.

163 Pradeepto was able to enlist the assistance of Mr Mekani to procure the
banker’s guarantee. One of Mr Mekani’s other companies, CIS Agriferts Pte Ltd
(“Cis Agriferts”) (now known as Cistech International Pte Ltd), had an ongoing
credit line with Habib Bank that could issue banker’s guarantees. The
condition of the banker’s guarantee was that collateral security would have to
be provided. Habib Bank issued the banker’s guarantee on 23 December 2013.
This guarantee was amended and reissued on 17 January 2014 with 17 April 2014
as the expiry date. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript Day 6, p 53.

164 On 20 December 2013, a representative of Cis Agriferts wrote to Pradeepto
seeking the remittance of US$100,000. Habib Bank required a collateral of
US$100,000 (initially US$88,000) for the banker’s guarantee. At trial, Mr
Mekani stated that all monies for the collateral came from IOEL: 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Transcript Day 11, p 37.

Q: Mr Mekani, we have heard from you that the deposit that was required for
collateral for the banker’s guarantee was 100,000; yes?

A: That’s right.

Q: Of the 100,000, the 88,000 actually came from the investment in Trade Sea?

A: It came from Indian Ocean, IOEL.

While US$100,000 was sought, IOEL only provided US$88,000. There remains an
additional US$12,000 outstanding, pending settlement with IOEL.

165 Insofar as Mr Mekani was concerned, whatever monies that were required for
the purposes of the banker’s guarantee came from IOEL. It is for this reason
that when Gouri sent Cis Agriferts an email stating that the banker’s
guarantee had expired in April 2014 and sought the return of the US$200,000,
Mr Mekani wrote an email with Pradeepto in copy stating: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PCB 3, p 1618A.

Please note that Pradeepto has only given us USD 88 K inspite of our having to
put USD 100 K in the fixed deposit – Please note that you need to clarify this
to SEA QUEST that we have not received any USD 200 K and neither has HBL
received any funds which they are mentioning.

[emphasis added]

Mr Mekani was puzzled as to why Gouri was seeking the return of US$200,000 as
he was probably unaware that the Mukherjees were told that the Trade Sea
Investment was used as collateral for the banker’s guarantee.

166 On the other hand, to Gouri, Pradeepto was responsible for making the
necessary arrangements for the banker’s guarantee. It was in the month of
January 2014 that the Mukherjees began seeking the redemption of the Trade Sea
Investment in the belief that Pradeepto had invested US$200,000 in Trade Sea.
Pradeepto then explained that the investment could not be redeemed as it was
linked to the banker’s guarantee. This was clearly a lie as there was no
investment in Trade Sea to use as collateral. Gouri was told that the Trade
Sea Investment could not be decoupled from the banker’s guarantee as they were
linked and there was a delay in the closure of Mr Mekani’s credit lines.

167 Mr Mekani was queried about the current status of the US$88,000 at trial:
47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript Day 11, pp 42–45.

Q: Who is holding on to this 88,000 which you said came from [IOEL]?

A: It is being held in CIS Agriferts, pending settlement with [IOEL].

Q: Pending settlement with [IOEL]. Settlement of what?

A: You see, when the banker’s guarantee expired, Habib Bank had to cancel our
lines and refund the collateral, which took time. When the lines were
cancelled and the collateral was refunded, we approached Pradeepto for this to
be done, Pradeepto mentioned that this matter is sub judice, so he says there
are no instructions.

…

Q: Right. So if IOEL does not give you instructions where to refunded, that
88,000 less these bank fees and service charges, CIS Agriferts would do
nothing; correct?

A: Yes.

From Mr Mekani’s evidence, the sum of US$88,000 remained with Cis Agriferts
pending the settlement of the additional US$12,000 he had to provide to meet
the collateral requirement of US$100,000 and bank charges. When the banker’s
guarantee lapsed and the credit line on which the banker’s guarantee was
issued was cancelled, instructions were sought from Pradeepto on the refund of
the US$88,000 less the bank charges. Pradeepto, however, gave no instructions
and informed Mr Mekani that the refund was “sub judice [sic]”. By this time
the Mukherjees had issued a letter of demand, Pradeepto saw no reason to
assist them.

168 One version of the evidence is that US$88,000 was with CIS Agriferts and
the remaining US$112,000 with IOEL. During cross-examination, Pradeepto’s
story changed. He claimed that US$112,000 was with Magnum. While IOEL came
into possession of the sum in June 2014, the sum was then passed onto Magnum
as part of ongoing trades. As the full sum of US$200,000 was used for trades,
Pradeepto had to take out a loan from Magnum to provide the sum needed for the
collateral.

169 Pradeepto’s position on the ongoing trade (ie, that the US$200,000
continued to be involved in trades after the holding period) along with the
loan-to-value ratio arrangement with Magnum only surfaced at the trial. The
story of a loan from Magnum was explained as follows. At the time Gouri sought
the banker’s guarantee on 27 November 2013, the entire US$200,000 and returns
were used for trades and could not have been taken out until December 2013. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Transcript Day 11, p 74.

Thus, a loan had to be taken from Magnum to put up the necessary amount for
the collateral. The loan from Magnum amounted to about US$90,000 based on a
45% loan-to-value ratio.

170 There is nothing about the loan from Magnum and how the loan was repaid in
the affidavits filed by Pradeepto. In fact his affidavit of evidence-in-chief
states that “[he] arranged for the trade cycle to be broken for funds to be
provided to Habib Bank to be used for the [banker’s guarantee] as collateral”.
49

##### Foot Note 49

×

BAEIC Vol 4, Tab 4, para 325.

171 With the inconsistencies shown above, Pradeepto’s testimony on using Trade
Sea’s monies as collateral is unreliable. Pradeepto has no excuse for not
returning the Mukherjees’ monies.

Did Pradeepto act in breach of fiduciary duty

172 Like the SEW Investment, a number of breaches have been raised. The
Mukherjees argue that Pradeepto breached his fiduciary duty as he: (a) failed
to provide them with documents evidencing title to the Trade Sea Investment;
(b) failed to disclose his connections with Trade Sea; (c) failed to properly
advise them on the banker’s guarantee; (d) failed to redeem the Trade Sea
Investment as instructed; and to (e) introduced an investment that was not
authentic.

173 I draw from the findings above. Much like the SEW Investment, the funds
allocated for the Trade Sea Investment were not used as intended by the
Mukherjees in that Trade Sea was never the counterparty to the trade finance
for which the cheque of US$200,000 was issued. Unbeknownst to the Mukherjees,
Pradeepto instructed Trade Sea to send the funds to Magnum and the funds were
used in a way that involved Pradeepto’s undisclosed personal interests, or
which, more probable than not, conflicted with the Mukherjees’ interests. As
the evidence showed, Pradeepto did not act in good faith. There is a clear
breach of Pradeepto’s fiduciary duty in respect of the events which had
occurred.

174 When it came to the return of the principal sum, Pradeepto was again
untruthful about the true state of affairs and his belligerence was in bad
faith to deny the Mukherjees their monies. Again, from the evidence dealing
with the delays in redemption set out in the paragraphs above, the Mukherjees
have made out a case of breach of fiduciary duty in respect of the return of
the principal sum. Here the Mukherjees are claiming for reasonable returns
based on alternative investments. As explained above at [52], the claim for
reasonable returns based on alternative investments fails.

Conclusion on breach of fiduciary duty in relation to the Trade Sea Investment

175 As a result of Pradeepto acting in a way that brought his interests in
conflict with that of the Mukherjees, the latter were deprived of the return
of their principal sum of US$200,000. Consequently, I grant judgment in favour
of the Mukherjees for the principal sum of US$200,000. Again, I will deal with
the question of interest under s 12 of the CLA later in this judgment. As
explained at [52] above, the claim for reasonable returns based on alternative
investments fail.

Farmlands of Africa Investment

176 Besides the Trade Sea Investment on 12 August 2013, the Mukherjees had
also allocated funds to the Farmlands of Africa Investment on the same date.
The Farmlands of Africa Investment involves the subscription of a debenture.
As the principal sum of US$300,000 (or a significant part of the sum,
US$299,820.86) was repaid, in this action the Mukherjees are claiming
reasonable returns on the investment. For the reasons at [52] above, the
Mukherjees are not entitled to equitable compensation in respect of the
reasonable returns as sought. However, it bears to examine the circumstances
in relation to the Farmlands of Africa Investment as it sheds light on the
pattern of Pradeepto’s behaviour vis-à-vis the Mukherjees.

177 The Mukherjees claim that in or around July 2013, Pradeepto advised them
to invest in Farmlands of Africa and made the following representations: 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Setting Down Bundle, Tab 7, para 118.

(a) By an email dated 29 July 2013, Pradeepto represented that the investment
was for a sum of US$300,000, “fully redeemable 3 month debenture at 16% per
annum coupon”.

(b) In that same email he further presented that the funds were to be paid to
Buddhavarapu Investments Ltd (“BIL”) as it was the majority owner of Farmlands
of Africa.

178 The Mukherjees subsequently decided to enter into the investment and
issued a cheque dated 12 August 2013 for the sum of US$300,00 made payable to
BIL. The Mukherjees said that Pradeepto insisted that the words “Buddhavarapu
Investments Ltd” and “FARMLANDS OF AFRICA INC DEBENTURE INVESTMENT” be written
by him on the reverse side of the cheque for accuracy. It was also said that
Pradeepto did not provide any relevant documents evidencing the Mukherjees’
interest in the Farmlands of Africa Investment.

179 On the expiration of the three-month holding period, in or around November
or December 2013, Gouri instructed Pradeepto to redeem the investment. The
Mukherjees claim that Pradeepto thereafter gave the false impression that the
repayment was being processed and made false assurances to stall repayment.

180 The Mukherjees later ascertained from documents obtained during discovery
that Pradeepto was in a position to exercise control and influence over
Farmlands of Africa at the material time. They now assert that Pradeepto did
not disclose his connection and/or interest in Farmlands of Africa and omitted
to disclose that Farmlands of Africa had outstanding liabilities and ran the
risk of insolvent trading. In addition, the Mukherjees say that Pradeepto
omitted to inform them that Farmlands of Africa was heavily undercapitalised,
with a paid up share capital of only US$75,000.

181 Pradeepto claims that there was a meeting with the Mukherjees sometime in
2013 where he provided the Mukherjees with the project profile relating to the
Farmlands of Africa Investment and a debenture agreement that governed the
investment. He explained that the maturity date in the debenture agreement was
stated to be 360 days from the date of issue. In other words, the debenture
would only mature in July 2014. The Mukherjees, however, sought early
redemption. The redemption was eventually brought forward to March 2014. As
the Mukherjees were seeking to redeem the debenture prematurely they would
have to forgo all returns.

182 As regards his connections with Farmlands of Africa, Pradeepto said that
he was relied upon as a financial broker to raise capital for the company, and
was trying to mediate a dispute between the shareholders of Farmlands of
Africa and a Chief Executive Officer. He does not exercise any form of control
over the company.

Pradeepto’s relationship with Farmlands of Africa and BIL

183 Pradeepto had a complex relationship with Farmlands of Africa, BIL and the
principals behind these companies. He not only acted as a capital introducer
(or financial broker) but also played an involved role in the affairs of the
two companies. In cross-examination, Pradeepto accepted that in as early as
2012, he was involved in the fundraising activities of BIL (or a predecessor
entity prior to the merger and acquisition deal with Pacatolus Growth Fund).
51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript Day 13, pp 190–191.

The objective evidence also show Pradeepto having dealings with the principals
behind Farmlands of Africa and/or Buddhavarapu, Dr Anil Koneru (“Dr Koneru”)
and Mr Kumar SN Buddhavarapu (“Mr Buddhavarapu”) in 2013. This is evident from
an email dated 3 March 2013 from Dr Koneru, with Mr Buddhavarapu copied, where
Dr Koneru sought financial advice from Pradeepto on Farmlands of Africa’s
acquisition of a company by the name of Buddhavarapu Farms SA. Further, in or
around May 2013, Pradeepto introduced Mr Buddhavarapu to one Mr Saumyendra
Mehra (“Mr Mehra”), the fund manager of Pacatolus Growth Fund. This led to BIL
becoming one of the underlying investments of Pacatolus Growth Fund.

184 Through Pradeepto, Deer Creek eventually became involved with BIL and
Farmlands of Africa. Deer Creek not only acted as a capital introducer of the
two companies (which it billed introducer fees for) but had itself, through an
anchor investor from the Deer Creek Geneva office, invested in the two
companies. At the same time, Mr Mehra was also encouraged to establish a
relationship with Deer Creek. Digressing for a moment, Deer Creek is a private
investment office that consists of a small group of families who manage their
wealth together and provide certain financial services.

185 During cross-examination, Pradeepto attempted to distance himself from BIL
and Farmlands of Africa by stating that his relationship with them were
through the financial institutions he was employed at. This characterisation
does not take Pradeepto very far. While the two companies dealt with the
institutions he worked for (Barclays Bank and Deer Creek), Pradeepto had at
the very least maintained a separate relationship with the companies. It is
for that reason that the companies continued to work with Pradeepto as clients
of Deer Creek after he left Barclays Bank.

186 There were two particular projects undertaken by BIL and/or Farmlands of
Africa that became the main subject at trial. Pradeepto had a significant hand
in both projects.

187 The first project was the intended acquisition of Emvest by Farmlands of
Africa.The Emvest acquisition is, however, unrelated to the Mukherjees’
Farmlands of Africa Investment. The second project concerned certain
developments in Guinea. The Farmlands of Africa Investment is related to this
project (“Guinea Project”). Apart from the Mukherjees, Pradeepto also
introduced Deer Creek to this project; which Deer Creek eventually found an
anchor investor for and billed BIL (and/or Farmlands of Africa) introducer
fees.

Transactions behind the Farmlands of Africa Investment

188 Pradeepto claims to have given the project profile for the Farmlands of
Africa Investment to the Mukherjees. As stated in the project profile, the
Farmlands of Africa Investment concerned the development of land, irrigation
systems, agricultural machinery and equipment, and civil infrastructure in
Guinea. One would expect that an undertaking of this scale require an
investment with a substantial holding period. Yet, Pradeepto purportedly
informed the Mukherjees that their investment would be a three-month debenture
in his email dated 29 July 2013. This calls to question the purpose of the
funds from the Mukherjees.

189 The Farmlands of Africa Investment was part of Pradeepto’s fundraising
activities for BIL and/or Farmlands of Africa. What appears to have transpired
is this – Pradeepto was tasked by BIL and Farmlands of Africa to raise funds
for the Guinea Project. With that mandate, Pradeepto approached the Mukherjees
to have them invest with Farmlands of Africa (and/or BIL). Pradeepto had
intended to use the Mukherjees’ money to improve the financial position of the
Guinea Project so as to attract investors. Pradeepto expected to find
sufficient funds three months from the time he introduced the Farmlands of
Africa Investment to the Mukherjees. The Mukherjees would be paid out when the
fresh funds came in with an interest for the period pending the inflow of
these funds. However, as matters panned out, there were delays in the return
of the principal sum.

190 At trial, Pradeepto explained that a sum of US$2.5m was sought by BIL
and/or Farmlands of Africa as the first tranche of funds for the Guinea
Project. Through IOEL and the Mukherjees’ investment, Pradeepto was able to
raise an initial sum of US$450,000.

191 Pradeepto introduced the Farmlands of Africa Investment to the Mukherjees
in July 2013, pending the commencement of his employment at Deer Creek. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript Day 13, p 200.

It was likely that he expected to obtain full financing from Deer Creek to
meet the US$2.5m required for the Guinea Project but needed to find some funds
in the interim to shore up the Guinea Project’s financial position. The
Mukherjees’ monies were used for this interim purpose.

192 On 30 October 2013, by way of an email, Pradeepto introduced Mr Simon
Woods (“Mr Woods”) of Deer Creek to BIL and/or Farmlands of Africa in an
attempt to seek funding from Deer Wood for the Guinea Project. Pradeepto
indicated that US$450,000 had been raised thus far and an additional US$2.05m
was needed. While the email appears to suggest that Pradeepto was seeking
additional funding of US$2.05m on top of the existing US$450,000 already
raised (to make up a total of US$2.5m), Pradeepto insisted during the trial
that Deer Creek had to raise the full US$2.5m. The US$450,000 previously
raised was to be excluded from Deer Creek’s fundraising mandate. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Transcript Day 14, p 26.

It is likely that this mandate arose after Pradeepto sent the introductory
email to Mr Woods.

193 The Guinea Project was eventually brought to the attention of Mr Hubert-
Lance Huet (“Mr Huet”), one of the founders for Deer Creek and an investor
from the Deer Creek Geneva office, sometime in November 2013. In the email
exchanges that followed, it is apparent that Deer Creek was looking to invest
in Farmlands of Africa and/or BIL through Pacatolus Growth Fund. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AB 13, p 6630.

The discussions between the various interested parties continued into 2014,
with Mr Mehra’s involvement. An agreement was eventually reached; Mr Huet
would provide funding for the Guinea Project through Pacatolus Growth Fund.

194 Despite earlier difficulties at redemption (see [200] below), on 17
February 2014, Pradeepto informed the Mukherjees that they were able to redeem
their investment in March 2014. On 27 March 2014, a representative of
Buddhavarapu Holdings SA wrote to Pradeepto informing him that they had
honoured his request to pay the Mukherjees US$300,000. The representative then
informed Pradeepto to complete the funding of US$2.5m and to make up the
shortfall of US$500,000 pursuant to his previous commitment. This shortfall
appears to have arisen partly from the return of the Mukherjees monies.

195 Separately, on 20 February 2014, an Introducer Agreement was signed with
Deer Creek for an agreed management fee of 5% of the total amount raised by
Deer Creek for the Guinea Project. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PBD 1, p 555.

A bill of US$125,000 as introducer fees was sent to Deer Creek on 10 March
2014. This was presumably done pursuant to Mr Huet’s agreement to provide
funding; which at some point Mr Huet did provide, although a certain amount
remained outstanding (which from emails in April 2014, appears to be in the
region of US$500,000). Disagreements subsequently arose between Deer Creek and
BIL (and/or Farmlands of Africa) sometime in March 2014, after the return of
the Mukherjees’ monies. BIL refused to pay Deer Creek the introducer fees and
Deer Creek, on the other hand, refused to release the remaining funds to BIL
as it had not received the introducer fees. The emails during this period
between the parties are particularly revealing of the purpose behind the
Farmlands of Africa Investment.

196 In an email dated 3 April 2014, Pradeepto instructed Mr Woods to have
US$500,000 transferred to BIL (through Pacatolus Growth Fund): 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PBD 1, p 725.

BIL is due another round of USD 500000 for completion through fund as direct
entries were reversed and the fund will debit balance and send it across so we
can have this closed. In effect net BIL will receive 2.375M.

The direct entries that were reversed refers to the return of US$300,000 to
the Mukherjees. Deer Creek was supposed to top up the shortfall after the
monies were returned. The statement that BIL will in effect receive a net sum
of US$2.375m can be explained on the basis that US$125,000 was billed as
introducer fees. Thus, while Deer Creek was to advance a total of US$2.5m, the
introducer fees can be deducted from the total sum thereby bringing the net
sum to be transferred down to US$2.37m. It is for this reason that Pradeepto
insisted during the trial that the funds to be raised by Deer Creek and the
US$450,000 were separate.

197 Subsequently, in a series of emails between Pradeepto and Mr Buddhavarapu
in April 2014, Mr Buddhavarapu expressed displeasure at the unresolved
shortfall and Deer Creek’s refusal to release the remaining funds. In the
emails, Mr Buddhavarapu alluded to the initial capital of US$450,000 that was
provided to BIL and/or Farmlands of Africa, and was subsequently returned to
IOEL and the Mukherjees. In response Pradeepto stated that the initial
capital: 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

AB 13, p 6941.

was to help your image sir. Unfortunately my financial situation has changed
and I cannot invest along side.

…

If you wish to finger pint [sic] then please return the monies and then we can
discuss.

[emphasis added]

198 Pradeepto was informing Mr Buddhavarapu that the US$450,000 was to improve
the “image” of the Guinea Project and that he had to pull his US$100,000
contribution (out of the US$450,000 initially raised) from the Guinea Project
as his financial circumstances had changed. Pradeepto’s explanation is
significant. In stating that the initial capital was to “help [Mr
Budhhavarapu’s] image”, Pradeepto was effectively acknowledging that the
Mukherjees’ investment monies were used as a mere placeholder to improve the
financial position of the Guinea Project.

199 Considering the evidence in the round, the fundraising exercise was
structured such that Mr Huet would have provided the full US$2.5m needed for
the first tranche of the Guinea Project. This would have allowed BIL and
Farmlands of Africa to return the Mukherjees’ principal sum. An interest would
also be paid for the period that the Mukherjees’ monies were held in the
account of BIL (and/or Farmlands of Africa), pending the inflow of Mr Huet’s
money.

Holding period and returns due

200 On 26 November 2013, Gouri asked for an update on all the investments
under Pradeepto’s oversight. It was then that Pradeepto informed Gouri that
the Farmlands of Africa Investment was due in July 2014. Despite so, on 20
December 2013, three months after the Farmlands of Africa Investment was
executed, Gouri asked Pradeepto if she could withdraw the investment. On 5
February 2014, Pradeepto then informed Gouri that the redemption of the
Farmlands of Africa Investment “cannot be brought forward unless we do early
redemption in which case we lose out”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AB 12, p 6152.

He then encouraged Gouri to continue to hold onto the investment. On 17
February 2014, Pradeepto told the Mukherjees the following: “[Farmlands of
Africa Investment] brought forward to close in March 2014”. The following day,
he stated that the redemption will be on 15 March 2014. The Mukherjees
received their principal sum sometime on or around 24 March 2014. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AB 13, p 6826.

201 Pradeepto maintains that the Mukherjees are not entitled to claim for
returns as they sought an early redemption. His case rests on two planks.
First, the debenture agreement (dated 24 June 2013) states that the investment
had a lock in period of 360 days from the day the debenture was issued. An
early redemption would mean that the returns were forfeited. Secondly, and in
any event, while his email initially stated a time horizon of three months,
the Mukherjees eventually accepted that the lock in period was for a year.
They did not object to his email when he indicated that the investment could
only be withdrawn in July 2014. Further, in an email dated 31 July 2013, after
the principal sum had already been returned, the Mukherjees indicated that the
Farmlands of Africa Investment was “[c]losed”.

202 Gouri, on the other hand, insisted that she never knew of the lock in
period and was surprised when Pradeepto informed her of the same. She
explained that she did not raise issues regarding the change in redemption
dates as she was busy pursuing Pradeepto for the other investments at the
material time. Had she known that the maturity period was not three months but
one year, she would not have made the investment. Gouri also emphasised that
she had never seen the debenture agreement. As regards the indication in the
email that the matter was closed, Gouri said that she was referring to the
principal sum but not the returns. This was because Pradeepto had previously
indicated in an email dated 12 March 2014 that he was arranging for the
redemption of the principal sums of all the investments he was overseeing and
to then work out the premiums.

203 Having reviewed the evidence, there was no lock in period of one year and
thus no issue of an early redemption. The debenture agreement was used as an
excuse for the delay in the redemption.

204 The debenture agreement cannot be relied upon as the basis of a lock in
period. The starting point must be Pradeepto’s email where he indicated a
holding period of three months. It would be unusual for Pradeepto to have
represented the holding period to be three months if, as he asserts in his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief, the Mukherjees were provided with the
debenture agreement before they decided to invest. In my judgment, it was more
probable than not that the debenture agreement was not shown to the Mukherjees
and Gouri had not signed on the document. Whilst the debenture agreement named
Gouri and BIL as parties, her signature was conspicuously missing from the
debenture agreement. This is significant because the agreement was extracted
from BIL. Being the company that received the Mukherjees’ investment monies,
it ought to have a properly signed and completed copy of the debenture
agreement. The ramification of an unsigned debenture agreement confirms that
the Farmlands of Africa Investment was never about a redeemable debenture as
Gouri was misled to believe. The Mukherjees investment was used as a mere
placeholder to improve the financial position of the Guinea Project during the
time Pradeepto was seeking to fundraise US$2.5m for BIL and/or Farmlands of
Africa (see [198]–[199]).

205 Notably, BIL (through its related entity) acknowledged that the Mukherjees
had earned returns of US$30,630; the Mukherjees did not forfeit their returns
by having the redemption date carried forward. This is alluded to in an email
dated 18 September 2014: 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Plaintiff’s Core Bundle (“PCB”) 4, p 2231.

Dear Sir,

Greetings..

Cash received (DBS): 01/08/2013: 300000 USD

Cash paid to Gouri Mukherjee (DBS): 21/3/2014: 300000 USD

As per last [discussion] about 300000 USD interest @ 16 per Annum

Total interest time: 07 months 20 days

Total Interest amount USD: 30630$ USD (Thirty thousand Six hundred Thirty
Only)

Pradeepto was cross-examined on this email. He explained that he sought the
information because he needed to respond to the letter of demand served by the
Mukherjees, and had therefore discussed the returns on investment with Mr
Buddhavarapu. This explanation is unconvincing. First, on Pradeepto’s own
case, it would be unnecessary to clarify the issue of returns since the
Mukherjees had forfeited the sum in the first place. Second, following
Pradeepto’s evidence, the query would be along the lines of whether returns
were due or not. However, the contents of the email went further to address
the quantum of the returns.

Did Pradeepto act in breach of fiduciary duty

206 The Mukherjees submit that Pradeepto breached his fiduciary duty as he:
(a) dishonestly represented that the holding period of the investment was for
three months; (b) failed to disclose that Deer Creek received introducer fee
from the Farmlands of Africa Investment; (c) failed to disclose the poor
financial affairs of Farmlands of Africa; (d) failed to properly execute the
investment documents; (e) failed to disclose his involvement with Farmlands of
Africa; (f) failed to procure the returns on the Farmlands of Africa
Investment; and (g) introduced a sham investment.

207 The alleged breaches raised by the Mukherjees are simply symptoms of the
underlying factual circumstances stated above. Much like the earlier
investments (ie SEW Investment and Trade Sea Investment), these alleged
breaches speak to a common concern – that Pradeepto had used the Mukherjees’
allocation intended for a redeemable three-month debenture for something that
was entirely different (see [199] above). Again, the facts show that in
respect of the Farmlands of Africa Investment, Pradeepto did not act in good
faith and the Mukherjees, being dependent and reliant on Pradeepto in the
events relating to the Farmlands of Africa Investments, were vulnerable to
Pradeepto’s disloyalty. Pradeepto had not been truthful about the returns that
were due to the Mukherjees when they sought redemption. This is a breach of
his duty of loyalty and honesty towards the Mukherjees.

Conclusion on breach of fiduciary duty in relation the Farmlands of Africa
Investment

208 The Mukherjees have not sought the recovery of the returns due to them on
the basis of the terms of the Farmlands of Africa Investment but instead, on
alternative investments. As the Mukherjees have not provided evidence of such
alternative investments (see [52] above), the Mukherjees have not proven the
loss they seek to be compensated for. Hence, the Mukherjees’ claim, for
reasonable returns fails.

Neodymium and Peak Investments

209 Neodymium was a BVI company which operated out of the Free Trade Zone in
Dubai. The Neodymium Investment involved project financing. The other
investment was with Peak. In an email dated 12 March 2014 to Gouri, Pradeepto
explained that the Peak Investment was a trade finance allocation for the
purposes of supporting the Sri Lanka port project; the premise of the
investment is therefore the financing of a trade (or trades).

Circumstances surrounding the Neodymium and Peak Investments

210 The facts in relation to the two investments are relatively short. The
Neodymium and Peak Investments were introduced to the Mukherjees in May 2013.
The Mukherjees claim that Pradeepto represented that the investments would
earn a premium of between 14% and 18% per annum. The Mukherjees claim that in
presenting the investments, there was implicit representation that the
investments were authentic and thus came with the expectation of generating
returns. They also claim to have held the expectation that the Neodymium and
Peak Investments were Barclays Bank’s products as Pradeepto was their
relationship manager at Barclays Bank when he introduced the investments.

211 According to Pradeepto, Neodymium was seeking to raise funds for projects
involving copper mining and agricultural projects in Zambia undertaken by SEW
Trident Zambia Private Limited. He asserts that this was told to the
Mukherjees. In the reply to a request for further and better particulars of
the defence, Pradeepto lists several documents that he claims were disclosed
to the Mukherjees.

212 As regards the Peak Investment, Pradeepto explains that the investment
involved trade financing that was tied to a petrochemical project in Sri
Lanka. Like the Neodymium Investment, Pradeepto points out that the Mukherjees
had previously invested with Peak. He further asserts that Dr Mukherjee had in
fact previously accompanied Pradeepto to Sri Lanka to inspect the Sri Lanka
project sometime in 2011. Additionally, in the reply to a request for further
and better particulars of the defence, Pradeepto lists several documents that
he claims were disclosed to the Mukherjees.

213 Two letters were sent on 16 May 2013 instructing Barclays Bank to make the
relevant transfers. In one letter, Gouri instructed Barclays Bank to transfer
US$250,000 to Neodymium for a “[p]roject investment allocation”. In another
letter, Gouri instructed Barclays Bank to transfer US$500,000 to Peak for a
“[s]tructured trade finance allocation for SL project”. SL project was later
clarified at the hearing to refer to a certain development project in Sri
Lanka.

214 Sometime in November 2013, Gouri requested Pradeepto to provide a
statement of all her running investments and to indicate the status of each
investment. As regards the Peak Investment, Pradeepto informed her that the
investment had a 16% interest and that the returns were due second week of
December 2013. As regards the Neodymium Investment, Pradeepto informed her
that the investment had a 14% interest and the returns were due first week of
December 2013. During the period from December 2014 to the point at which the
Mukherjees commenced this action, the parties had discussions over the
redemption of the Neodymium and Peak Investments. Pradeepto consistently
represented to them that redemptions were forthcoming. As it turned out, the
redemptions never came to past.

215 On Pradeepto’s account, the investments met with difficulties. Sometime in
November 2013, as part of a corporate restructuring exercise to become
subsumed under SEW Group (which is a company related to SEW Trident),
Neodymium was struck off the register. As Neodymium’s contingent liabilities
were taken over by SEW Group, the Mukherjees’ investment money is with SEW
Group. SEW Group itself faced trading difficulties in early 2014 and was
unable to return any funds to its investors in the interim. Thus, the
Mukherjees were not able to redeem their investment. Similarly, Pradeepto
asserts that the Peak Investment remains with Peak and that he has no control
over the investment. Pradeepto also stresses that the Mukherjees have
previously dealt with Neodymium and Peak, and must therefore know that the
Neodymium and Peak Investments were not Barclays Bank’s products and the
allegation that the Neodymium and Peak Investments are shams is unfounded.

216 There are serious doubts as to whether the Neodymium Investment is held by
SEW Group, as Pradeepto asserts. It appears that up until December 2014,
Pradeepto was in contact with the relevant entities that have utilised the
Mukherjees monies and that he knew where the Mukherjees monies went. For the
Neodymium Investment, in particular, SEW Group does not appear to be the
relevant entity. This can be gleaned from the following email sent by an
entity bearing the name “Royal Indo Metalics” to Pradeepto on 29 December
2014: 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AB 16, p 8284.

Dear Sir,

Per advise of our account, we have identified the payment instructions and the
same is attached in this email.

Regards

…

:33B:USD375000,00

NEODYMIUM HOLDINGS LIMITED

…

GOURI MUKHERJEE

:70FEE AS PER AGREEMENT FOR FACILITIES

…

… BOON LAY PLACE

//SINGAPORE

This email states that there were payment instructions and referred the
payment instructions to Neodymium and Gouri. Curiously, Pradeepto was the only
individual the email was sent to. This email contradicts his case that the
Neodymium Investment is beyond his reach and that only the SEW Group is
responsible for the Neodymium Investment.

217 As regards the Peak Investment, Pradeepto cannot similarly disavow his
responsibility in assisting the Mukherjees to recover their investment.
Pradeepto voluntarily assumed the responsibility of the Post-Decision
Activities in respect of the Peak Investment. Pradeepto had not provided much
details as to why the recovery of the Peak Investment was not forthcoming. He
simply asserts that he had approached Peak indicating that the Mukherjees
wanted to close out their investment and have relayed the information Peak
informed him to the Mukherjees. In my view, Pradeepto is well-placed to
provide explanations but have not done so. As will be explained below,
Pradeepto has a close relationship with the principal of Peak, Mr Abhijit Sen
(“Mr Sen”). There is no reason why Pradeepto could not give detailed reasons
as to why the investment could not be redeemed.

Did Pradeepto act in breach of fiduciary duty

218 The Mukherjees argue that Pradeepto breached his fiduciary duty as he: (a)
failed to disclose material information when he recommended and advised the
Mukherjees; (b) failed to disclose his connections with Peak; (c) failed to
inform the Mukherjees that Neodymium was struck off; (d) failed to redeem the
investments; (e) and introduced investments that were not authentic.

219 Whilst this court’s finding of fact above is that Pradeepto did not
undertake the role of an investment advisor, it does not mean that he was
without any obligations when an investment opportunity that he presented was
eventually accepted by the Mukherjees. In this case, Pradepto knew of the
Mukherjees’ investment criteria and risks but he nonetheless proceeded to
introduce the investments as if the proposed investments were suitable for the
Mukherjees. By relying on Pradeepto to introduce to them suitable investment
opportunities that they went on to accept eventually, the Mukherjees were
vulnerable to any disloyalty by Pradeepto and were reliant on his good faith.
Thus fiduciary obligations are attracted in Pradeepto’s performance of his
second role. The Mukherjees’ dependency and reliance on Pradeepto come into
sharp focus in respect of the Post-Decision Activities undertaken by Pradeepto
(see [36] above).

220 Contrary to Pradeepto’s contention that he had provided the Mukherjees
with the necessary documents for them to make an informed decision to invest
in Neodymium and Peak, the documents referred to in his reply to the
Mukherjees’ request for further and better particulars, do not support his
contention. Documents that were allegedly provided to the Mukherjees include
the following:

(a) For the Neodymium Investment – licences issued to SEW Trident Zambia or
related companies, the maps of licences, and a document referred to as SEW
Corporate Presentation – Zambia Mines.

(b) For the Peak Investment – rig details, including equipment list and
specifications, and historical financials and other relevant information
relating to Sen Pet (India) Limited, the petrochemical project.

Notably, none of the documents described made any reference to Neodymium and
Peak, and say nothing of the Mukherjees’ title to the investments. Apart from
Gouri’s transfer instructions to Barclays Bank, no other documents from
Neodymium and Peak as respective counterparties to the Neodymium and Peak
Investments have been adduced as evidence. As agent of the Mukherjees, who
contracted with the investee companies on behalf of the Mukherjees, it is
surprising that Pradeepto could not produce any documents evincing the
Mukherjees’ title to the Neodymium and Peak Investments.

221 In short, Pradeepto could not refute the prima facie evidence that
Neodymium and Peak were not the Mukherjees’ counterparties in respect of the
funds allocated by them for the Neodymium and Peak Investments. This last
point segues to Mr Iyer’s opinion that neither Neodymium Investment nor Peak
Investment had the characteristics of an investment as there were no
agreements showing that they were actual investments. I will come to Mr Iyer’s
evidence in due course.

222 There is force in the point that Pradeepto’s unfulfilled promises to
redeem the investments despite assurances are consistent with the conclusion
that there were no actual investments. Pradeepto had on multiple occasions
over more than eight months made repeated empty promises that the return of
the Mukherjees’ funds was forthcoming:

(a) On 26 November 2013, Pradeepto stated in an email that the Peak Investment
was due second week of December whereas the Neodymium Investment was
supposedly due first week of December.

(b) On 7 January 2014, Pradeepto stated that the Peak funds will be available
in the middle of February 2014 and that he had already indicated closure to
Peak.

(c) The assurances that there would be redemption of the investments continued
throughout until July 2014.

223 Objectively, Pradeepto has not established that he had contracted with
Neodymium and Peak for and on behalf of the Mukherjees. One related question
that arises is what has happened to the funds that the Mukherjees have
allocated for the Neodymium and Peak Investments. Mr Iyer opined that
contemporaneous email trails and text messages suggest that Pradeepto induced
the Mukherjees to enter into these investments to fund Pradeepto’s obligations
to make payments. Put simply, the funds allocated by the Mukherjees did not go
to the Neodymium and Peak Investments as intended but the funds were utilised
elsewhere. In his report, Mr Iyer highlighted that there were trading
transactions involving IOEL, SEW Trident and Peak, and that IOEL had
previously billed Peak for advisory and consultancy fees. Mr Iyer, however,
did not demonstrate how the evidence he surfaced related to the Peak
Investment. Indeed, he candidly accepted that as regards the advisory and
consultancy fees, “[i]t is not apparent if this billing is in any way linked
to the US$500,000 raised from the [Mukherjees] for [the Peak Investment]”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

BAEIC Vol 2, Tab 3, para 23(e).

In respect of the Neodymium Investment, Mr Iyer did not show how Pradeepto had
concealed the true state of affairs behind the investment.

224 The weaknesses of Mr Iyer’s opinion, however, do not detract from the fact
that Pradeepto had not contracted with Neodymium and Peak for and on behalf of
the Mukherjees. Pradeepto’s contention that funds allocated by the Mukherjees
went to Neodymium and Peak as the Mukherjees’ counterparties is not made out.

225 Pradeepto’s case is that corporate restructuring took place between
Neodymium and SEW Group. Pradeepto maintained at the trial that the Neodymium
Investment had been taken over by SEW Group. As SEW Group had experienced
trading difficulties, the Mukherjees were not able to redeem the Neodymium
Investment.

226 As observed above, there are serious doubts as to whether the Neodymium
Investment was truly taken over by SEW Group. However, even on Pradeepto’s own
position, he would have breached his fiduciary duty. First, as an agent with
obligations of a fiduciary, Pradeepto has to be fair and transparent with his
principals. There is no evidence that Pradeepto disclosed to the Mukherjees
the corporate restructuring that took place between Neodymium and the SEW
Group. In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, Pradeepto asserts that “[t]he
restructuring exercise in the SEW Group involving Neodymium and SEW Group, was
… known to the [Mukherjees] when they subsequently allocated in SEW Trident as
well”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

BAEIC, Vol 4, Tab 4, para 187.

A similar reason was also given in his defence. Pradeepto’s explanation only
goes so far as to show that the Mukherjees knew of the restructuring because
of their subsequent investment and not because Pradeepto disclosed the fact to
them. Further, it is unclear how mere execution of the SEW Investment would
lead to the conclusion that the Mukherjees were informed of the restructuring.
At the trial, Pradeepto attempted to re-characterise the position taken in his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief. He explained that he made the necessary
disclosure independent of the Mukherjees entering into the SEW Investment: 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Transcript Day 16, pp 30–31.

Q: Right. So at this point in time, you see Neodymium being subsumed within
the SEW Group. We know that according to you, you were telling them, late
November, that returns were due in December of 2013. Why didn’t you go to them
and tell them about this particular restructuring, because that would have
affected the returns that they were owed; yes?

A: I did. And if I can explain, Mr Ng, [the defence] states very nicely that
the [Mukherjees] were aware of this restructuring. So I did mention it to
them. We can’t say that I haven’t mentioned it to them.

Q: The only reason they were made aware of the restructuring is because you
say they subsequently made an allocation in SEW Trident; yes?

A: No.

Q: This is what you say at paragraph 28.2?

A: It’s a line that has been written -- or drafted in that format. That’s
about it. They were aware of --

Q: What has the format got to do with the content of what you were saying.

A: Yes, the content of what I was trying to say was that they were made aware
of the restructuring. And post which, they have made an allocation. That’s
what it means.

Pradeepto could not give a coherent answer to the change in his position at
trial. The position that the restructuring was disclosed was an afterthought.
Pradeepto was under a duty of loyalty. Yet, he was not fair and transparent
with the Mukherjees, having not disclosed the fact that Neodymium was struck
off the register.

227 Secondly, even if SEW Group were truly suffering from trading difficulties
and thus could not accede to the redemption of the Neodymium Investment, he
should have been fair and transparent with the Mukherjees about this.
According to Pradeepto, SEW Group’s trading difficulties lasted from the final
quarter of 2013 to August 2014. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Transcript Day 16, p 68.

During this period, far from being honest about these difficulties to the
Mukherjees, Pradeepto gave consistent assurances that redemption would be
forthcoming. Indeed, on 14 February 2014 Pradeepto indicated that for both the
Neodymium and Peak Investments “closure [was] confirmed” and that it would be
in March 2014. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PCB 3, p 1365.

On 12 March 2014, Pradeepto gave a clear signal that redemption was eminent:
“trade finance one [ie, Peak Investment] and deal two [ie, Neodymium
Investment] will reach us on Monday with onward closure thereafter in that
week”. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

PCB 3, p 1491.

In presenting contrary facts to the Mukherjees, Pradeepto acted in breach of
his duty of honesty and good faith. He was not fair and transparent with his
principals, the Mukherjees, in respect of the Neodymium and Peak Investments.

228 In relation to the Peak Investment, Pradeepto’s position is that the
Mukherjees are at liberty to approach Peak directly for redemption. As I have
alluded to above, this position is disingenuous. First, the Mukherjees’ claims
against the Peak for their investment stands independent of Pradeepto’s duties
to the Mukherjees. Secondly, Pradeepto represents the Mukherjees means of
access to the Peak Investment in that the Mukherjees depended and relied upon
him to contract with the counterparty. This was the basis of the parties’
relationship. On the flipside, Pradeepto shares a close relationship with Mr
Sen; having dealt with Mr Sen for a long time and over various transactions.
Pradeepto ought to be apprised of the circumstances surrounding the
Mukherjees’ investment. If there were serious issues with redemption,
Pradeepto should not have conveyed to the Mukherjees that redemption was
forthcoming. In providing false assurances to the Mukherjees, Pradeepto
breached the duty of honesty.

Conclusion on breach of fiduciary duty in relation to the Neodymium and Peak
Investments

229 In relation to the Neodymium Investment, the Mukherjees are claiming for
the principal sum of US$250,000 and reasonable returns. In relation to the
Peak Investment, the Mukherjees are claiming for the principal sum of
US$500,000 and reasonable returns. In summary, I am satisfied that Pradeepto
had acted in breach of his fiduciary duty in respect of the Post-Decision
Activities. As a result, the Mukherjees were deprived of their principal sums
in relation to the two investments.

230 I grant judgment in favour of the Mukherjees the principal sum of
US$250,000 for the Neodymium Investment. I also grant judgment in favour of
the Mukherjees the principal sum of US$500,000 for the Peak Investment. I will
deal with the question of interest under s 12 of the CLA later in this
judgment. As explained at [52] above, the claims for reasonable returns based
on alternative investments fail.

Pacatolous Investment

231 Pacatolus Growth Fund Class 6 (“Pacatolus SPV6”) is a special purpose
vehicle set up by Pacatolus Growth Fund, a Mauritian private equity fund, that
invested in Trilogy Holdings Limited (“Trilogy”). According to the Mukherjees,
in or around May 2013, Pradeepto orally advised them over the phone to invest
in Pacatolus SPV 6 and informed them that it was one of the many investments
that he would usually pick. It is said that Pradeepto orally represented that
the investment in Pacatolus SPV 6 came with a guaranteed return of 14% per
annum (which carried with it the implicit representation that the principal
was secured) and was a recommended investment of Barclays Bank. The decision
to invest was made on or about 21 May 2013 when the Mukherjees instructed
Barclays Bank to transfer a sum of US$2.25m to Pacatolus SPV 6. There is no
dispute that the money was withdrawn from the Mukherjees’ account. Barclays
Bank notified the Mukherjees of the withdrawal by way of its invoice dated 22
May 2013.

Pacatolus SPV 6 and Trilogy

232 How Trilogy, through Pacatolus SPV 6, became an underlying investment of
the Pacatolus Investment was indirect, by way of a debenture. What transpired
is as follows. The monies (ie US$2.25m) remitted by Gouri on or about 21 May
2013 effectively put Pacatolus SPV 6 in funds to provide a debenture dated 29
May 2013, made between Pacatolus SPV 6 and Trilogy (“the Debenture”). Notably,
the interest rate on the Debenture is 15% on the principal sum loaned
(contrast this to the 14% rate of return on the Pacatolus Investment as stated
at [231]). Pursuant to the Debenture, Pacatolus SPV 6 transferred
approximately S$2.5m to Trilogy on 31 May 2013.

233 At the material time, Pradeepto was involved in the fund raising
activities of Trilogy. The Debenture for a sum of approximately S$2.5m was
intended to be used as a personal guarantee by Mr Suredj Sudeshkumar Autar
(“Mr Autar”), and another to secure the release of S$691,500 to Trilogy from
an escrow account established pursuant to a loan agreement concerning the
acquisition of City Golf Holdings Pte Ltd and SynergyInTheSky Pte Ltd. At the
trial, Pradeepto acknowledged that Suredj Sudeshkumar Autar (“Mr Autar”), a
principal of Trilogy, was the promoter of Trilogy’s intended acquisitions.

234 Pradeepto introduced Pacatolus SPV 6 to the Mukherjees who ended up
putting up funds for a debenture that was unlike the usual trade finance or
project finance the Mukherjees had invested in. It turned out that Trilogy
could not honour its obligations to repay the Debenture. As a result, issues
relating to the redemption of Pacatolus Investment arose.

Circumstances surrounding the redemption of the Pacatolus Investment

235 It is the Mukherjees’ case that Pradeepto hindered the redemption of the
Pacatolus Investment. Pradeepto, on the other hand, sought to demonstrate that
the Mukherjees were the authors of their own woes. The Pacatolus Investment
required a structured exit as the underlying investment (ie, Trilogy) was
facing financial difficulties. However, the Mukherjees refused to adopt his
suggested exit plan and were adamant in lodging a redemption request through
Citco Global Securities Ltd (the fund custodian of the Pacatolus SPV 6)
(“Citco”). This led to the fund manager suspending the Mukherjees’ redemption
request. As a result of the Mukherjees’ refusal to participate in the
structured exit, the Mukherjees made a loss upon the liquidation of Trilogy.

236 For the reasons set out below, I accept the Mukherjees’ position that
Pradeepto had hindered the redemption of the Pacatolus Investment. The
evidence will show that the structured exit was simply an excuse to have the
Mukherjees withdraw their redemption request. The evidence points to a
situation where Pradeepto sought to stall the redemption to buy time to source
for funds to repay the Mukherjees.

237 Pradeepto was aware of Trilogy’s poor financial health during the life of
the Pacatolus Investment. As early as November 2013, he had doubts over the
prospects of Trilogy’s redemption of the Debenture. Pradeepto had in fact
expressed deep concerns over Trilogy’s liabilities in several emails to Mr
Autar in November 2013. In one of these emails, Pradeepto even asked Mr Autar
to provide him with a list of all the debts Trilogy faced. Pradeepto’s concern
over Trilogy’s liabilities is unsurprising as IOEL was itself a creditor of
Trilogy, having provided a substantial loan of US$1m. This culminated in an
email exchange where Mr Mehra and Pradeepto discussed the redemption of the
Debenture. From the email exchanges that followed, both Mr Mehra and Pradeepto
raised concerns regarding Trilogy cooperation over the redemption of the
Debenture and made an attempt to recover whatever sums they could as soon as
possible. On 7 January 2014, Mr Mehra emailed Pradeepto stating the following:
68

##### Foot Note 68

×

AB 11, p 5748.

Pradeepto

On 31 May 2013, Pacatolus … transferred S$2,541,500 to Trilogy Holdings Pte
Ltd.

Interest for 227 days @ 15% since 31st May, 13 to 10th Jan, 14 will be
S$237,090.6.

Kindly arrange for Trilogy to give a 4 days Redemption Notice and redeem
principal with accumulated interest so far.

238 By June 2014, Trilogy was facing winding up proceedings. Pradeepto himself
affirmed an affidavit on behalf of IOEL supporting the winding up of Trilogy.
In the affidavit, he stated that IOEL had issued a letter of statutory demand
against Trilogy for a sum of US$1m on 24 February 2014.

239 As stated, Pradeepto was aware of the poor financial health of Trilogy
since November 2013 and had emailed Mr Mehra to arrange for the redemption of
the debenture in December 2013. Yet, in an email dated 26 November 2013,
Pradeepto told the Mukherjees that would receive “14% Due in May 2014” for the
Pacatolus Investment. Again, on 18 January 2014, in response to Gouri’s
request for an update on the Pacatolus Investment, Pradeepto informed her
that: “I am expecting the premium in on Monday … Pactaclous [sic] premium is a
debenture so at end of tenure we get it”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

PCB 2, p 925.

Pradeepto did not inform the Mukherjees of the Trilogy’s poor financial
health. Thereafter, Gouri instructed Pradeepto to unwind the Pacatolus
Investment on 23 January 2014 via an email where Pradeepto was asked to
“return all … funds that [he was] managing within seven days”. Redemption was,
however, not forthcoming.

240 In May and June 2014 respectively, Gouri requested Pradeepto to prepare
the redemption instructions to be sent to Barclays Bank. On 9 June 2014, the
Mukherjees instructed Barclays Bank to redeem the Pacatolus Investment by way
of an email. In a reply email, Barclays Bank acknowledged the instruction, and
informed the Mukherjees that the Pacatolus Investment was not part of Barclays
Bank’s recommendation list and that Barclays Bank had no influence over the
redemption value (NAV) of the Pacatolus Investment. Barclays Bank, through
Citco, then communicated the redemption request to a fund accountant from Apex
Fund Services (Mauritius) Ltd (the fund administrator of the Pacatolus SPV 6)
(“Apex”). It is apparent from the email exchanges between Citco and Apex that
Pradeepto, through Pacatolus, was seeking to stall the redemption request.

241 On 13 June 2014, Apex submitted the redemption request which it had
received from Citco to Mr Mehra. On 17 June 2014, Apex sent a follow up email
to Mr Mehra regarding the redemption request. Mr Mehra in turn contacted
Pradeepto stating that: “[t]his needs to be recalled from the client’s end,
extremely urgent”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PCB 4, p 1878.

Mr Mehra further queried if Pradeepto had spoken to the Mukherjees about the
redemption. Pradeepto replied stating that he had already written to the
Mukherjees to withdraw the redemption and told Mr Mehra that he made mention
of the need for a structured exit. Pradeepto was referring to an email he sent
on 18 June 2014 to the Mukherjees where he stated the following: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PCB 4, p 1871.

Growth fund: This is a [private equity] fund investment and the allocation is
still live. This needs a structured exit as one of the underlying investments
is stuck. I had a meeting with the fund manager earlier this month and they
are taking steps to that effect. … Have you sent a redemption request in
between? If yes then please have the redemption request withdrawn as it is not
ready for redemption.

242 On 20 June 2014, Apex acknowledged Citco’s request to redeem the Pacatolus
Investment. In a series of emails spanning 20 June 2014 to 16 July 2014, Citco
sent several follow ups on the redemption but each follow up was met with Apex
explaining that it was still liaising with the fund manager over the
redemption. There was also conflicting information as to whether the
Mukherjees were proceeding with their redemption request during the entire
exchange between Apex and Citco – Apex would indicate that the Mukherjees had
withdrawn their redemption request whereas Citco maintained that the
redemption request remained on foot. This arose because Pradeepto appears to
have mentioned to Mr Mehra that the Mukherjees were going to withdraw their
redemption request even before he had a clear indication from them that they
were going to do so. At trial, Pradeepto attempted to suggest otherwise. He
gave evasive responses to Mr Ng’s questions and the objective evidence is that
Pradeepto had informed Mr Mehra of the withdrawal when there was no commitment
from the Mukherjees to withdraw the redemption request.

243 On 18 July 2014, Apex then informed Citco that it would not proceed with
the redemption request as the fund manager had already contacted the
Mukherjees of the matter and sought a withdrawal of the redemption request.
Citco responded by seeking the name of the fund manager. Thereafter, Citco
informed Apex that its client had not cancelled the redemption. The exchanges
continued with Apex providing various excuses for not proceeding with the
redemption. Separately, at a meeting with the Mukherjees in July 2014,
Pradeepto emphasised to the Mukherjees that the Pacatolus Investment required
a structured exit. He informed the Mukherjees that they had to move the
Pacatolus Investment to the Bank of Singapore where he could coordinate the
redemption.

244 In August 2014, Apex explained to Citco that “there cannot be any
redemption in [sic] this investment since [the] underlying investment is a
private equity investment with [a] long term holding, these kind of
investments have 5-7 years investment horizon with no liquidity in [the]
intermediate term”. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PCB 4, p 2076.

Citco responded by stating that there is no clause in the investment documents
indicating that the investment would be locked in for 5 to 7 years. On the
contrary, the documents state that a redemption may be sought with a notice
period of 90 days prior to the applicable “Dealing Day”. On 5 August 2014,
Apex escalated the matter to Mr Mehra who then forwarded the entire exchange
between Apex and Citco to Pradeepto stating that: “[w]e need to speak to them
now … it is becoming unmanageable”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

PCB 4, p 2075.

Mr Mehra further indicated to Pradeepto that he had to attend to the
redemption request and that it was “top priority”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

PCB 4, p 2068.

Citco eventually directly contacted Mr Mehra on 12 August 2014. Mr Mehra then
sent an email to Pradeepto stating that: “[t]his is blowing up full throttle
now … Please manage client till we have a firm agreement”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

PCB 4, p 2093

It is unclear what “firm agreement” Mr Mehra was referring to but it was
likely to concern an agreement between Trilogy and Pacatolus SPV 6 in relation
to Trilogy’s debts. Eventually, it was communicated to the Mukherjees that the
fund manager had suspended the redemption request.

245 The email thread involving Apex, Mr Mehra and Pradeepto in September 2014
clearly shows the true state of affairs behind the redemption process. Apex
sent a follow up email on 2 September 2014 to Mr Mehra seeking an update on
the status of the redemption. Mr Mehra then sent two emails to Pradeepto. In
the first email dated 4 September 2014, Mr Mehra writes:

Boss

What is the update on this?

This has gone out of my hands now and cannot get apex to help any more.

[emphasis added]

Having not received a reply from Pradeepto, Mr Mehra sent another email on 9
September 2014 as a chaser. The statement from Mr Mehra that he could no
longer enlist the help of Apex is most telling of what had truly transpired in
the drawn out email exchanges between Citco and Apex in the past few months
from the time the Mukherjees confirmed their redemption request with Barclays
Bank. Apex had simply been cooperating with Pacatolous to stall the
redemption.

246 At trial, Pradeepto took the position that he lacked the standing to
communicate with the fund manager as the investment was held by Barclays Bank
and he was by then under the employment of Deer Creek. It was necessary for
the Mukherjees to move the holding of the Pacatolus Investment to the Bank of
Singapore to give him the requisite standing to act for the Mukherjees as Deer
Creek had a relationship with the Bank of Singapore. Pradeepto further
explained that he could not properly communicate with Barclays Bank as he left
the bank on a sour note. As the move to Bank of Singapore never occurred, he
could not effect the structured exit. Pradeepto’s position is untenable. The
evidence above shows that Pradeepto had a relationship with Mr Mehra and could
influence the redemption of the Pacatolus Investment.

247 From the sequence of events above, it is eminent that Pradeepto and Mr
Mehra were aware of the difficulties in recovering monies from Trilogy to
return the Mukherjees their investment and thus attempted to stall the
redemption. The Mukherjees were not informed of the poor financial health of
Trilogy during the entire episode. Instead, Pradeepto was not fair and
transparent and consistently gave them the misimpression that the principal
sum and returns on the investment could still be recovered. While Pradeepto
attempted to suggest that the structured exit had to do with the liquidation
of Trilogy during cross-examination, he was unable to provide details as to
how the exit was to be executed. Pradeepto came up with the structured exit as
an excuse to stall the redemption in the hope of buying time to find
alternative funds to for the eventual return of US$2.25m to the Mukherjees.

Other investors

248 From the documents produced in court, Pradeepto’s relationship with other
investors who were introduced to transactions or investments involving Mr
Autar, the principal of Trilogy, also turned sour around the time the
Mukherjees sought their redemption. I need only refer to a letter dated 6
January 2014 written by Pradeepto to Mr Kanade where the former apologised for
the delay in the return of the latter’s principal sum: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PBD 1, p 489.

Re: As discussed on 06/01/2014

Dear Vaibahv,

Foremost i wish to UNCONDITIONALLY APOLOGISE for the mess that I have created
/ has happened.

I am thankful to have someone like you and Abhjit who have brought order to
the problem and resolving the same.

I will be forever indebted in gratitude for this and apologise once again as I
have been put into a maze, which has completely eroded my credibility, trust
and faith and kept dragging me deeper and deeper. I am thankful to you and
Abhijit for getting the light at the end of the tunnel, which only true
friends do.

I have put together various sources, which will infuse in USD 1M into my
accounts during this week (07/01, 08/01, 09/01, 10/01) and i will close the
USD 1M with Banker’s drafts while i will hopefully recover the blocked funds
of USD 2M with [Mr Autar].

…

I am sorry for not being honest about the problems and tried to handle it at
my end when i should have been open and transparent so it could have been
addressed correctly. I am very sorry as i have never experienced something
like this in my whole life and i just fell from one mess to another, as i
believed in what was being confirmed. I will never want to trust anyone like
the way i did [Mr Autar]. In the process i have lost my trust imposed by you
and others including my family, disgraced myself and i am truly sorry and
repentant and grateful for being this chance to amend.

I am sorry that my intention of helping everyone has created such a mess and i
am ashamed of myself that i got cheated and jeopardised everything for
everyone.

…

At the trial, Pradeepto explained that he experienced a great deal of trouble
from his dealings with Mr Autar; calling himself a victim of Mr Autar’s fraud.
As a result of him introducing Mr Autar or investments linked to Mr Autar to
his network of contacts, Pradeepto had to mend relationships to fix the “mess”
Mr Autar created when he did not honour his financial commitments.

Did Pradeepto act in breach of fiduciary duty

249 The Mukherjees submit that Pradeepto breached his fiduciary duty as he:
(a) failed to explain the Pacatolus Investment to them; (b) failed to execute
the subscription agreement necessary for the Pacatolus Investment (no
documents setting out the Mukherjees’ title to the investment); (c) failed to
disclose his connections and interests in Pacatolus; (d) hindered the
redemption of the Pacatolus Investment; (e) lied about a structured exit being
available; (f) introduced to them an investment that was not authentic.

250 All these points speak to the same concern – Pradeepto’s substantial
influence over the Pacatolus Investment. I shall therefore consider the
Mukherjees’ position holistically.

251 Like the other investments, Pradeepto voluntarily undertook the Post-
Decision Activities. Gouri testified that following payment of the principal
sum, Pradeepto did not provide the Mukherjees with documents setting out or
evidencing their interest in the Pacatolous Investment. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

PCS, para 286.

I accept that like the other investments, there were no documentary evidence
from the fund manager of Pacatolus Growth Fund or its agent that recognised
the Mukherjees’ investment at the point of investing. The only document that
is shown in court is a confirmation of the share value of Pacatolus Growth
Fund Class 6 as at 28 March 2014. This written confirmation dated 6 June 2014
was from the fund administrator, Apex, and addressed to Citco who was referred
to as “the investor”. The Mukherjees’ closing submissions stated Barclay Bank
was the custodian bank of the Mukherjees’ investment. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PCS, para 265.

252 The dissatisfaction with the Pacatolus Investment surfaced following the
Mukherjees’ decision to redeem all their investments with Pradeepto and that
was in January 2014. By that time, the Mukherjees had experienced delays in
the redemption of other investments made in 2013 and were having serious
misgivings about Pradeepto. As stated earlier, Pradeepto did not assist in the
redemption and had in fact tried to stall the same. In that regard, Pradeepto
had not been loyal, fair and transparent in his role as a fiduciary who had
voluntarily undertaken the obligation to redeem the Pacatolus Investments as
part of his Post-Decision Activities. It is not surprising that after several
unsuccessful attempts to get Pradeepto to redeem the Pacatolus Investment,
Gouri sought the assistance of Barclays Bank sometime in June 2014. She
explained that she learnt of the Pacatolus Investment not being a Barclays
Bank authorised investment when she sought the assistance of the bank to
redeem the Pacatolus Investment (see [267] below). Throughout the time
Barclays Bank was assisting the Mukherjees, Pradeepto was working behind the
scenes to stall the redemption. In carrying out his Post-Decision Activities,
and in particular hindering the redemption of the Pacatolus Investment and
concealing the true state of affairs behind the investment, Pradeepto had
breached his fiduciary duty.

Conclusion on breach of fiduciary duty in relation to the Pacatolus Investment

253 In summary, Pradeepto had acted in breach of his fiduciary duty in respect
of his Post-Decision Activities. As a result, the Mukherjees were deprived of
their principal sum of US$2.25m. Accordingly, I grant judgment in favour of
the Mukherjees for the sum of US$2.25m. I will deal with the question of
interest under s 12 of the CLA later in this judgment. As explained at [52]
above, the claim for reasonable returns based on alternative investments fail.

Issue 2: Cause of action based on the tort of deceit

254 The Mukherjees advance an alternative cause of action in the tort of
deceit. To this end, they have identified five investments: the Swajas,
Neodymium, Peak, Pacatolus; and SEW Investments. I make a few observations
about this second cause of action.

255 First, having concluded that the Mukherjees succeed on their first cause
of action (breach of fiduciary duty) in respect of six investments, save for
Swajas, it is strictly speaking, not necessary to formally discuss the claims
based on the tort of deceit since it is advanced as an alternative cause of
action. Notably, claims in relation to the Swajas Investment failed on the
first cause of action. I have foreshadowed the evidential difficulties and
arguments on a claim based on the alleged representations earlier in this
judgment and have noted that for the same reasons, claims based on the tort of
deceit in relation to the Swajas Investment would also fail (see [92] above).

256 Secondly, where the pleaded representations were oral representations,
they would run into similar reliability and accuracy issues that I have
outlined at [11] above. To succeed, the false representation would have to be
made before the investment decision was made and the evidence on this matter
is unclear. The impression gathered from Gouri’s testimony is that she had
assumed that the investment in question was an investment authorised by the
bank. All this adds to the difficulties in the case.

257 Thirdly, the Mukherjees say that having been defrauded to invest, they are
entitled to recover the principal sums together with reasonable returns; being
damages for their loss that flowed directly from reliance on the fraudulent
misrepresentation. The claim for reasonable returns are made for all five
investments. The Mukherjees rely on East and another v Maurer and another
[1991] 1 WLR 461 (“East”) to support their claim for reasonable returns on
investments. It is not necessary to go into the facts of East. In East, the
loss of opportunity was to compensate for the profits a claimant would have
received if he had bought another business at the time of the acquisition of
the bad business that was induced by false representations (at 466–468).
Unlike the facts in East, there is no evidence of any alternative investment
before this court. The evidential gap cannot be supplanted by Mr Iyer’s
testimony that customer of a good private bank would have earned between 5%
and 10% per annum on the assumption that there is no black swan event. The
concession Pradeepto is alleged to have made – investors of moderate risk
profile could target a return of between 8% to 10% – is also not helpful
without there being evidence of the semblance of an alternative investment in
the first place. In short, even if fraudulent misrepresentation is made out,
the Mukherjees would not be able to recover the returns on investments based
on 7.5 % per annum.

258 The elements of the tort of deceit is clear and it is not necessary to
state the law. However, it is worth noting that because the Mukherjees rely on
implicit representations, an issue that arises is whether the circumstances
could reasonably give rise to false assumptions which a representee would
reasonably assume to be true (see Clerk & Lindsell on Torts (Michael Jones gen
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 22nd Ed, 2018) at paras 18-07; see also Chitty on
Contracts (Hugh Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 32nd Ed, 2017) at para 7-016).

259 I will now touch briefly on the five investments.

Swajas Investment

260 As regards the Swajas Investment, the complaints based on the tort of
deceit are not made out for the reasons explained in [87]–[99]. The email of 5
January 2011 did not contain Pradeepto’s representation that the IPO would
take place in the “next two months”. There is no evidence that Pradeepto
harboured a dishonest or reckless intention when he sent the email.
Furthermore, the findings are that the Mukherjees knew and accepted that
Rising Ventures would be used to facilitate the purchase of pre-IPO shares.
The Mukherjees have not made out a case that they were induced by the false
representation that Dr Mukherjee would hold the share in his own name to enter
the investment.

SEW Investment

261 The Mukherjees submit that Pradeepto had deceived them into making the SEW
Investment for three reasons. First, that Pradeepto had no basis for
recommending the SEW Investment as a very good investment. Secondly, that the
SEW Investment could not generate returns at a rate of 1.5% flat. Thirdly, the
SEW Investment was not an authentic investment. The Mukherjees’ closing
submissions, however, differed slightly from their pleadings; where only the
second reason is the same as the pleadings on the representations that were
made. The representations relied upon in the pleaded case were from an email
dated 4 October 2013 and a WhatsApp message of 26 November 2013, which
modified the holding period stated in the email. The thrust of the Mukherjees’
contention, as pleaded, is that Pradeepto had represented the investment to
have a holding period of one week at a rate of 1.5% flat. As these
representations are borne out in the email and text message, and as the
parties proceeded on these representations, I am satisfied that the
representations were made. It goes without saying that the representations
turned out to be false. I am also satisfied that the Mukherjees would have
been induced to enter into the SEW Investment on the aforementioned
representations as Gouri was only keen on short term investments at the
material time. In the text messages surrounding the representations, Gouri
made known to Pradeepto that she needed liquidity for her business. It follows
that a short term investment with a holding period of one week would be
particularly attractive to her. The real issue relates to whether Pradeepto
had dishonestly made those representations (ie, the one week holding period
and 1.5% rate of returns) knowing that they were false given the true nature
of the SEW Trident Investment.

262 The same findings of fact under the cause of action for breach of
fiduciary duty are relevant and they apply equally to this cause of action in
deceit. Pradeepto knew of the Mukherjees’ investment requirements, and it
would be incumbent on Pradeepto not to make any misstatements, or to recommend
a highly risky investment without pointing out that it was such. These matters
are directed at the appropriateness of the SEW Investment introduced to the
Mukherjees. I accept that there is no evidence to support the representation
that the SEW Investment could generate returns at the rate of 1.5% flat on an
investment of US$500,000 for one week. Having reaching the conclusion that the
true purpose behind the SEW Investment was to put SEW Trident in funds to
provide a loan to IOEL for Pradeepto to pay off his dues, it follows that
Pradeepto harboured a dishonest intention in introducing the SEW Investment.
He deliberately concealed the true nature of the investment from the
Mukherjees. Pradeepto is therefore liable to make good the loss arising out of
his deceit. The Mukherjees are entitled to recovery of the principal of
US$250,000 under this cause of action in the tort of deceit as an alternative
to the first cause of action for breach of fiduciary duty. There can be no
claim for returns on investment for the reasons stated in [257] above.

Neodymium and Peak Investments

263 The representations in question were orally made. The pleaded
representation is that the investments were great structures which would earn
a premium of between 14% and 18% per annum and that it was implicit in the
aforesaid representation that the investments were genuine investments.
Further, there was an implicit representation that the investments were
Barclays Bank authorised investments as Pradeepto had acted as though the
investments were to be executed through Barclays Bank. The pleadings go on to
aver that the Mukherjees were induced by the representations and entered into
the investments. On this cause of action in deceit, the burden of proof is on
the Mukherjees in respect of the alleged representations, and they have to
show that the representations were made recklessly to induce them into
entering the two investments. There is no evidence to substantiate the oral
representation that the investments were “great structures” and what was meant
by that expression. Regardless of Pradeepto’s concession as to the potential
premiums, the fact of the matter is whether the pleaded representations were
actually made orally at the outset before the Mukherjees entered into the
investment must be established. As I have foreshadowed above, oral
representations do present evidential difficulties for the Mukherjees. There
is no evidence to substantiate the oral representation that the investments
were “great structures” and what is meant by that expression. Turning to the
argument that Pradeepto had concealed from the Mukherjees the fact that the
investments were not authorised investments of Barclays Bank, there are
difficulties. An assumption made by one can hardly have the attributes of a
concealment by the other. For an implied representation to have arisen, the
circumstances must be such that the assumptions held are reasonable (see [258]
above). There was no cogent evidence in this regard. Accordingly, for the
reasons stated, the cause of action in deceit is not made out.

Pacatolus Investment

264 The pleaded representations made orally are: (a) a guaranteed return of
14% per annum (which itself carried an implicit representation that the
principal was secured); and (c) an implicit representation that the investment
was a recommended investment of Barclays Bank as Pradeepto was their
relationship manager at Barclays Bank at the material time. On the basis of
these representations, the Mukherjees claim that they were induced to enter
into the Pacatolus Investment. The Mukherjees submit that Pradeepto had
fraudulently deceived them into making the Pacatolus Investment and that the
Pacatolus Investment was a sham.

265 As regards the representation that the Pacatolus Investment came with
returns of 14% per annum and the inherent representation that the principal
sum would be secured, I accept the Mukherjees contention. Pradeepto conceded
during cross-examination that he represented that the Pacatolus Investment
would yield a return of 14% per annum. The 14% per annum return is also
consistent with the 15% interest rate charged by Pacatolus to Trilogy in the
Debenture. Whether or not the returns were guaranteed is beside the point. The
promise of returns would be sufficient to induce the Mukherjees to enter into
the investment in the circumstances. At the trial, Pradeepto accepted that the
Mukherjees would generally request for investments that carry a 14% rate of
returns.

266 Turning to the implicit representation that the investment was secured
(ie, capital protected), I am satisfied that this implicit representation was
made. The Mukherjees had communicated their investment requirement of capital
protection to Pradeepto and, as I have stated above, the parties operated
under the expectation that Pradeepto would introduce investments that adhered
to the Mukherjees’ investment requirements. I refer to Mr Ng’s cross-
examination of Pradeepto on whether he had in mind the Mukherjees’ requirement
of capital protection when he introduced the Pacatolus Investment: 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Transcript Day 12, pp 153–154.

Q: Right. One of those assumptions was that this particular investment would
be capital protected; yes?

A: The underlying premise of any investment has risk in it. However, the
objective of any relationship manager would be to try and see that his clients
don’t lose their money in the investments that they are locate in.

Q: That is not answering my question, Mr Biswas.

A: That’s my understanding of capital protection.

Q: One of the assumptions that you had of the requirements of the plaintiffs
is that it would be capital protected; “yes” or “no”?

A: The plaintiffs, or for that matter any other investor, would have a similar
requirement.

Q: A similar requirement of capital protected?

A: Nobody wishes to lose capital when they invest, but every investment has an
element of risk.

Q: This is a requirement that the plaintiffs had made known to you; correct?

A: I think this is very clear that we’ve had more than 700-plus transactions
where this is demonstrated.

In the circumstances, it would be reasonable for the Mukherjees to operate
under the assumption that Pradeepto was representing the Pacatolus Investment
to be capital protected when he introduced the investment to them.

267 As regards the representation that the Pacatolus Investment was a Barclays
Bank recommended investment, I also accept the contention that it was
reasonable for the Mukherjees to have understood Pradeepto to have made this
implicit representation. It is clear from the tape-recorded conversation on 4
July 2014 that Pradeepto insisted that the Pacatolus Investment was a Barclays
Bank approved product despite Barclays Bank having told Gouri that the
investment was not: 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

PCB 4, p 1933.

[Gouri]: – you know, I have a – I have something to say here. This two point
two five, you had advised me – you advised me that, “Aunty, we are doing this
here et cetera.” I didn’t even know that it is not a Barclays product! –

[Pradeepto]: No, it is a Barclays product –

[Gouri]: When I’m asking Nilesh –

[Pradeepto]: It is a regular fund –

[Gouri]: Nilesh says that, “No, no, no, we don’t know anything about it! This
is not a bank one” –”

…

[Gouri]: – and they quickly shrug off any responsibility!

[Pradeepto]: “– All the products that we have, most of the products – None of
the banks today has any product, which is the bank’s product.

[Gouri]: Bank approved product.

[Pradeepto]: This is also a bank approved product!

[Gouri]: No! Nilesh says that it is not–

…

[Pradeepto]: No, no, no, no, no. Bank holds full responsibility for the
product. You can’t – They just can’t come and say that the bank holds no
responsibility for the product –

…

[Pradeepto]: – These are, these are all bank led products. That he says this,
he will not put that in writing, that it is not a bank approved product,
right?

As the recorded conversation shows, Gouri was surprised that the Pacatolus
Investment was not a bank product and in response Pradeepto made attempts to
correct that surprise.

268 In introducing the Pacatolus Investment to Gouri, there was an element of
dishonesty. As stated, the Pacatolus Investment was intended to put Pacatolus
SPV 6 in funds to provide the Debenture. Pradeepto, however, did not reveal to
the Mukherjees the true state of affairs at the material time. He did not
inform them of how their monies would be used. While this may not rise to the
level of dishonesty in the usual course of things, it must be remembered that
the parties shared a unique relationship. The parties had operated under the
expectation that the investments introduced would be appropriate for the
Mukherjees. Furthermore, as a fiduciary in respect of the Mukherjees’ Post-
Decision Activities, he wield significant control over the Mukherjees’ monies
in executing the investment. Under these circumstances, the failure to bring
to the Mukherjees’ attention how the monies would be used would amount to
concealment.

269 In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, Pradeepto emphasised that the
Pacatolus Investment was not a bank recommended investment and that the
Mukherjees ought to have known this from the investment documents. Pradeepto’s
affidavit evidence, however, flies in the face of what he said on 4 July 2014.
At trial, Pradeepto meandered in his position. He appeared at points to
suggest that the Pacatolus Investment had undergone a due diligence process by
Barclays Bank but did not know if the investment was recommended by Barclays
Bank. In the light of Pradeepto’s inconsistent positions, I preferred Gouri’s
evidence.

270 In the closing submissions, Pradeepto’s counsel, Mr Liew, attempted to
salvage the case by referring to the certain Pacatolus-related documents, the
Barclays Bank transfer form and the Mukherjees bank statements. Mr Liew’s
point is that the clauses and statements in these documents would have made it
clear that the Pacatolus Investment could not have been capital protected and
was not a Barclays Bank recommended investment. These arguments are
disingenuous. Having made oral representations without believing in their
truth to induce the Mukherjees to enter into the Pacatolus Investment for the
purposes of facilitating a transaction that he was assisting in, Pradeepto
cannot now claim that the Mukherjees are not entitled to relief on the basis
that they failed to verify the truth. In any event, these clauses merely
disclaim liability between the Mukherjees and the relevant counterparty.

271 On a related note, Pradeepto submits that the tort can only be established
vis-à-vis Gouri as Dr Mukherjee gave no evidence on whether he was induced to
enter into the Pacatolus Investment. In my view, it is clear that the parties
understood Gouri to be representing Dr Mukherjee for all intents and purposes.
Pradeepto would act on Gouri’s instructions without having to check with Dr
Mukherjee separately. In any event, Gouri was the decision maker when it came
to the investments. Indeed, Pradeepto dealt almost exclusively with Gouri.
Hence, even if the tort of deceit were only established in respect of Gouri,
there would be no difficulty in terms of the damages to be awarded. Again, the
recovery under the second cause of action (pleaded in the alternative) would
be limited to the principal sum and not the claim for returns on investment
for the reasons stated in [257] above.

Conclusion on Suit 1270/2014

272 As stated, two causes of action in relation to each investment were
pleaded as alternatives. The Mukherjees need succeed on only one cause of
action. Even if they succeed on both causes of action, they are only entitled
to one set of compensation. Based on the findings above, Pradeepto is liable
as follows:

(a) Swajas Investment – the Mukherjee have not made out their claim for
reasonable returns.

(b) SEW Investment – Pradeepto is liable for US$250,000.

(c) Trade Sea Investment – Pradeepto is liable for US$200,000.

(d) Farmlands of Africa Investment – the Mukherjees are not entitled to the
reasonable returns sought for want of proof of loss.

(e) Neodymium Investment – Pradeepto is liable for US$250,000.

(f) Peak Investment – Pradeepto is liable for US$500,000.

(g) Pacatolus Investment – Pradeepto is liable for US$2.25m.

273 The total sum (excluding interest) for investments (b), (c), (e), and (f)
above amounts to US$3.45m. By 23 January 2014, the Mukherjees had instructed
Pradeepto to redeem all investments (both the principal sums and returns on
investments), and having regard to all the circumstances of this case, in
exercise of this court’s discretion under s 12 of the CLA, I award interest on
the judgment sum of US$3.45m at the rate of 5.33% per annum from 23 January
2014 to the date of judgment. I also order Pradeepto to pay the costs of the
action. Costs to be taxed if not agreed.

Suit 417/2017

274 In Suit 417/2017, the plaintiff, IOGPL, is suing Gouri as defendant to
recover a loan made in 2012. Gouri has viewed this action as frivolous and
dismisses it as nothing more than a retaliatory move to get back at the
Mukherjees for suing Pradeepto in Suit 1270/2014.

275 The entity that advanced the alleged loan was IOEL, a company incorporated
in the British Virgin Islands on 14 September 2011. Ms Kundra was then the
sole director and shareholder of IOEL.

276 IOGPL (originally known as Indian Ocean Properties Pte Ltd prior to 15 May
2013) was incorporated on 10 December 2010 in Singapore. IOGPL is involved in
the business of consulting and private equity including capital introduction,
raise capital, trade and project finance. On 18 December 2013, IOGPL took over
the single share in IOEL from Ms Kundra.

277 IOGPL relies on two remittances made by IOEL to Gouri in support of its
claim for recovery of the loaned sum. On 10 July 2012, a sum of approximately
US$1.4m was remitted from IOEL to the Mukherjees’ UOB account. Separately, on
19 July 2012, a second transfer of approximately US$200,000 was made to the
Mukherjees’ UOB account. According to IOGPL, these transfers were made at
Gouri’s request as she needed the funds for her business.

278 Both parties provided slightly different figures for the two tranches of
transfers, however, the difference is immaterial. In this judgment, purely for
convenience, it is sufficient to refer to the approximate figures. The total
amount received by Gouri is rounded up to US$1.6m.

279 Gouri’s case is that she had never asked IOEL for a loan. The
contemporaneous correspondences on the fund transfers do not refer to the
transfer as a loan. The funds that were transferred were the Mukherjees’ own
funds and the transfers were made pursuant to Gouri’s instructions. I will
elaborate on her case later. I propose to first deal with her threshold
objection to IOGPL’s title to sue.

IOGPL’s title to sue

280 A preliminary challenge raised by Mr Ng is that IOGPL is not the proper
party to commence this action to recover the alleged loan.

281 It is not disputed that funds totalling US$1.6 m were transferred by IOEL
and not IOGPL. In dealing with the threshold question, the discussions here
proceed on IOGPL’s claim that funds transferred was a loan to Gouri. The
alleged loan is assumed for now without deciding on the specific nature of the
transfers.

282 According to Pradeepto, on behalf of IOGPL, the latter came to hold IOEL’s
claim against Gouri for the loan of US$1.6m as a result of the following:

(a) IOEL provided monies totalling US$1.6m to Gouri in 2012.

(b) On 18 December 2013, Ms Kundra transferred a single share in IOEL to
IOGPL. This transfer was done so as to provide “better bandwidth to raise
capital and build on the stronger balance sheet of [IOGPL]”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Pradeepto’s AEIC for Suit 417, para 34.

(c) Subsequently, on 17 July 2014, IOGPL sold its single share in IOEL to one
Vijay Sethu (“Mr Sethu”), a creditor of Trilogy. IOEL had a debt due from
Trilogy at the material time and Mr Sethu, who had a priority claim against
Trilogy, intended to purchase IOEL as part of his plans to obtain recovery in
the liquidation of Trilogy. During this sale, Mr Sethu transferred IOEL’s loan
debt to IOGPL. According to Pradeepto, Mr Sethu was not interested in taking
over IOEL’s claim against Gouri for US$1.6m and the same was transferred to
IOGPL.

283 In my judgment, IOGPL did not receive the loan debt from IOEL at any point
in time during the entire chain of events:

(a) IOGPL at no point derived any right to IOEL’s loan debt. Upon Ms Kundra’s
transfer of the single share in IOEL to IOGPL, no loan debt was passed as a
matter of law. Legally, a transfer of shares merely passes on ownership of a
company and not the underlying assets of the company (see Walter Woon on
Company Law (Tan Cheng Han SC gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Rev Ed, 2009) at
para 2.39).

(b) Neither did IOGPL receive IOEL’s loan debt during the sale of IOEL’s share
to Mr Sethu. There was no evidence of Mr Sethu having transferred the loan
debt of IOEL to IOGPL during the sale. Pradeepto was unable to point to any
clause in the share purchase agreement between Mr Sethu and IOGPL (an unsigned
copy was produced in court) or any side correspondence stating that Mr Sethu
transferred the alleged debt owed by Gouri to IOGPL. There is also no evidence
of any assignment of the loan debt from IOEL to IOGPL (equitable or
otherwise).

284 There is no proper basis for IOGPL to be taking over the loan debt of
IOEL. There are no details or documents to show how IOEL’s right to the loan
debt was taken over by IOGP, either by way of novation, assignment or
otherwise. As regards Pradeepto’s claim that the debt owed by Gouri to IOEL
was transferred by way of equitable assignment, there is nothing in evidence
to substantiate this contention.

285 Accordingly, I accept Mr Ng’s contention that IOGPL has not shown that it
has locus standi to sue for the loan allegedly owed to IOEL. I should also
point out that from the outset, the evidence before this court is consistent
with Mr Ng’s assertion that IOGPL did not have title to sue. Pre-litigation
matters were clearly contrary to IOGPL’s claim to being the proper party to
sue. Niru & Co LLC’s warrant to act in Suit 417/2017 was given by IOEL and not
IOGPL. Moreover, the pre-writ letter of demand was issued on behalf of IOEL
instead of IOGPL. The inference to be drawn from these two pieces of evidence
is that the party with the claim was IOEL. For the reasons stated, I find that
IOGPL has no locus standi to sue Gouri, and the action fails and is dismissed.

Was there a loan

286 For completeness, I make the following observations on the question of
whether Gouri borrowed the sum of US$1.6m from IOEL and that the loan is
outstanding at the time the action was commenced.

287 Having considered the evidence, this court finds that there was no loan
for US$1.6m from IOEL to Gouri. The funds belonged to the Mukherjees. The
transfers from IOEL were made pursuant to Gouri’s instructions to Pradeepto to
move her own funds from one account to another. This conclusion is reached
based on the contemporaneous evidence and the coherence of the parties’
position on the facts.

288 The chronology of events supports Gouri’s account of the facts. From a
series of emails between Pradeepto and Gouri, it is evident that Pradeepto had
been assisting Gouri to make withdrawals from her USD Barclays account around
the time the purported loan was given by IOEL. The starting point is
Pradeepto’s email update to Gouri regarding the amounts under his
“management”. On 19 March 2012, Pradeepto informed her that he was managing
US$6.72m from her USD Barclays account. Having been informed of the amounts
under management, Gouri sought to make a series of transfers to her UOB
account. I need not set out the details of these transfers. It suffices to
note Gouri’s instructions to withdraw the balance in her Barclays account and
returns on investments in an email dated 27 June 2012:

As already discussed I wish to withdraw as follows:

Original deposit amount as of May 31 2012, US$6.0 ML minus withdrawal of
US$450k & 150k on June 13 & 21 respectively = US$5.4 ml.

Premium on above April 1 – June 30, 2012 (not yet known)

289 On 2 July 2012, Gouri instructed Pradeepto to withdraw US$2m from her
investment returns and faxed him a set of instructions for the withdrawal.
According to Gouri, Pradeepto then informed her that only part of the US$2m
could be withdrawn at the material time. Subsequently on 10 July 2012, merely
8 days after the instruction to transfer the US$2m was given, the transfer of
US$1.4m (which was the first tranche of monies given for the purported loan)
took place. Gouri wrote to Pradeepto on 16 July 2012 acknowledging receipt of
the US$1.4m and stated that she would be “expecting [to see] the balance … on
Tuesday July 17th 2012”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PCB 1, p 397.

Shortly after, on 19 July 2012, a further transfer of US$200,000 took place;
this being the second tranche of monies given for the purported loan.

290 Far from acknowledging that the first tranche of funds she received was a
loan, Gouri related the sum to her earlier withdrawal instructions. It is also
crucial to note that the second tranche of funds was sent shortly after Gouri
told Pradeepto that she was expecting to see the balance of the sum she wished
to transfer. This strongly suggests that the two tranches of monies received
from IOEL by Gouri were part of the series of transfers Gouri was making from
her Barclays account in 2012. Mr Liew, at trial, sought to point out that
there remains a further US$400,000 that has been unaccounted for. This is
because Gouri’s instructions was to withdraw US$2m whereas she only received
US$1.6m. Mr Liew makes the point that Gouri would have at least raised
concerns over this unaccounted sum. As she did not do so, the instruction to
withdraw US$2m is unrelated to the US$1.6m received by her. In my view, the
US$400,000 was not unaccounted for. Pradeepto stated that he would only
transfer part of the US$2m. Further, Gouri did offer an explanation. She
stated that the US$400,000 was eventually received in later dealings with
Pradeepto.

291 IOGPL sought to point out an apparent factual inconsistency between the
figures stated in Gouri’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief regarding the balance
in the Barclays account and the bank statements. The point being that there
would be insufficient funds to support Gouri’s recount of the series of
transfer which led to IOEL’s transfer of the US$1.6m. This is immaterial.
Gouri’s instructions to transfer were all made pursuant to updates that
Pradeepto would give her on the balance in the account and pending returns.
There is evidence to suggest that Gouri was labouring under a misimpression of
the balance in the account.

292 IOGPL submits that the transfers could not have been part of Gouri’s
instructions to transfer funds from one account of hers to another as there
has been no evidence of monies moving from Gouri’s account to IOEL’s account.
Instead, the credit advices clearly show that IOEL made the transfer to Gouri.
This is unpersuasive. It is Pradeepto’ own position that IOEL was frequently
used to facilitate investments on behalf of his clients. If anything, this
lends further support to Gouri’s evidence that Pradeepto had explained to her
that the purpose of having IOEL transfer the US$1.6m was for faster
processing.

293 Finally, Pradeepto’s account of the facts is incredulous. He said that the
monies advanced by IOEL came from funds placed by investors with IOEL for Sri
Lankan hospitality projects. As the funds were only required at a later date,
IOEL could provide Gouri with the loan in the interim. In my view, it would be
highly unusual for the investors of the Sri Lanka projects to agree to allow
their funds to be used by IOEL for the purposes of providing a substantial
loan to Gouri without any documents setting out the terms of the loan. Most
crucially, there has been no evidence to show that a demand was made on Gouri
to repay the loan. Pradeepto’s own evidence is that the Sri Lanka projects
were due for execution sometime in 2013. One would expect him to be seeking
for repayment prior to the execution of the project.

294 On the balance of probabilities, the loan claimed by IOGPL is not made
out.

Conclusion on Suit 417/2017

295 For the reasons stated above the action is dismissed with costs to be
taxed if not agreed.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean Judge

Ng Ka Luon Eddee, Muk Chen Yeen Jonathan, Chan Yi Zhang, Sherlene Goh Shi Li
and Jeremy Toh (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the plaintiffs in Suit No 1270
of 2017 and the defendant in  
Suit No 417 of 2017; Liew Teck Huat, Christopher Yee and Kenneth Yap (Niru &
Co LLC) for the defendant in Suit No 1270 of 2017 and the plaintiff in Suit No
417 of 2017.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

