Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 99

Originating Summons No 537 of 2017 &  
Summons No 3534 of 2017

In the matter of Section 193DDA of Copyright Act (Cap 63)

Between

PCCW Media Limited

… Plaintiff

And

(1)| M1 Limited  
---|---  
(2)| My Republic Limited  
(3)| Singapore Telecommunications Limited  
(4)| Starhub Ltd  
(5)| ViewQwest Private Limited  
(6)| M1 Net Ltd  
(7)| Singnet Pte Ltd  
(8)| Singtel Mobile Singapore Pte Ltd  
(9)| Starhub Internet Pte Ltd  
(10)| Starhub Mobile Pte Ltd  
(11)| Starhub Online Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Copyright] — [Remedies]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
PCCW Media Ltd

  

v

  

M1 Ltd and others

[2018] SGHC 99

High Court — Originating Summons No 537 of 2017 &  
Summons No 3534 of 2017  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
3 August 2017

24 April 2018

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 Section 193DDA of the Copyright Act (Cap 63, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”)
empowers the High Court to order a network service provider to take reasonable
steps to disable access to a flagrantly infringing online location. However,
under s 193DDA(1) of the Act, such an order may only be made “on an
application made by the owner or exclusive licensee of copyright in a
material” [emphasis added]. The plaintiff was a non-exclusive licensee of
copyrights in various drama and variety shows. The sole question before me was
whether it had locus standi (ie, was entitled) to apply for an order under s
193DDA of the Act. After hearing submissions from the parties, I held that the
plaintiff had no locus standi to seek the remedy in s 193DDA of the Act. These
are the grounds of my decision.

Facts

The parties

2 The plaintiff, PCCW Media Limited, (“the plaintiff”) is a company
headquartered in Hong Kong. It operates a content service known as VIU in
various countries, including Singapore. VIU allows users to stream episodes of
drama and variety shows on demand. The plaintiff is the licensee of copyrights
in certain drama and variety shows produced by four Korean broadcasters: Seoul
Broadcasting System, CJ E&M Corporation, Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation, and
Korean Broadcasting System (collectively, “the Korean Broadcasters”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions, paras 7–8.

These shows are made available to the plaintiff’s customers on VIU.

3 It was not in dispute that the first to tenth defendants are network service
providers for the purposes of s 193DDA of the Act, as they come within the
following definition in s 193A(1) of the Act:

“network service provider” —

(a) for the purposes of sections 193B, 193DDA and 193DDB, means a person who
provides services relating to, or provides connections for, the transmission
or routing of data; …

4 These proceedings were initially commenced against only the first to fifth
defendants (“the original defendants”) who are, respectively, M1 Limited, My
Republic Limited, Singapore Telecommunications Limited, Starhub Ltd and
ViewQwest Private Limited. The plaintiff explained that since the first, third
and fourth defendants each have numerous subsidiaries, it initially could not
determine which of these subsidiaries fell within the definition of a network
service provider. However, on 31 July 2017, the plaintiff filed summons no
3534 of 2017 (“Summons 3534”) seeking to add the sixth to eleventh defendants
(“the new defendants”) to the present originating summons. This was on the
basis that they appear to be the subsidiaries of the first, third and fourth
defendants which deal with consumers in providing either mobile or terrestrial
internet services. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions, para 20.

The table below sets out the names of the new defendants and their respective
relationships with the original defendants.

New defendant| Name| Relationship to original defendants  
---|---|---  
Sixth defendant| M1 Net Ltd| Subsidiary of first defendant  
Seventh defendant| Singnet Pte Ltd| Subsidiary of third defendant  
Eighth defendant| Singtel Mobile Singapore Pte Ltd| Subsidiary of third
defendant  
Ninth defendant| Starhub Internet Pte Ltd| Subsidiary of fourth defendant  
Tenth Defendant| Starhub Online Pte Ltd| Subsidiary of fourth defendant  
  
5 The plaintiff obtained confirmation from the new defendants that they had no
objections to being added to the present proceedings. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Second Affidavit of Soo Ye Huei, paras 23 and 29–30; Plaintiff’s Skeletal
Submissions, para 19.

At the hearing on 3 August 2017, I granted the plaintiff leave to add the
sixth to tenth defendants as parties. Counsel for the first, third and fourth
defendants confirmed that they also represented the subsidiaries of their
respective clients. For convenience, references to the submissions of the
first, third and fourth defendants in these grounds of decision should be
taken as representing the positions of their respective subsidiaries which are
party to these proceedings as well.

The alleged flagrantly infringing online locations

6 The plaintiff alleged that there were five “flagrantly infringing online
locations” which had been using various fully qualified domain names to enable
users to stream unauthorised copies of episodes of drama or variety shows.
These included drama or variety shows in respect of which the plaintiff held
copyright licences from the Korean Broadcasters, and which it made available
to its users for streaming on VIU. The five alleged flagrantly infringing
online locations were DramaNice, DramaCool, MyAsianTV, KShowOnline and
KissAsian (“the alleged FIOLs”). The plaintiff also obtained confirmation from
the Korean Broadcasters that they had never issued copyright licences for any
of these drama or variety shows to any of the owners or operators of the
alleged FIOLs.

7 There was evidence suggesting that the volume of traffic to each of the
alleged FIOLs was high. In May 2016 alone it appears that each of the alleged
FIOLs had received between hundreds of thousands to millions of visits from
users in Singapore. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

First Affidavit of Soo Ye Huei, para 34.

8 From 17 April 2017 to 19 April 2017, the plaintiff issued take-down notices
to the owners and/or operators of each of the alleged FIOLs. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

First Affidavit of Soo Ye Huei, paras 8–11.

It did not receive any responses to the take-down notices. It subsequently
notified the owners and/or operators of each of the alleged FIOLs that it
intended to apply for an order under s 193DDA of the Act requiring the network
service providers to take reasonable steps to disable access to the alleged
FIOLs. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

First Affidavit of Soo Ye Huei, para 12.

The plaintiff then commenced these proceedings on 17 May 2017 via originating
summons no 537 of 2017.

The assignment agreements

9 Between 19 August 2016 and 29 September 2016, the plaintiff entered into
four separate assignment agreements with each of the Korean Broadcasters (“the
assignment agreements”). Under the assignment agreements, the Korean
Broadcasters purported to assign to the plaintiff the right to sue for
copyright infringement in Singapore, with this right being limited to suing
for the purpose of obtaining the relief in s 193DDA of the Act. For example,
the plaintiff’s assignment agreement with CJ E&M Corporation provided as
follows: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

First Affidavit of Soo Ye Huei, pp 65–68.

WHEREAS

(A) CJ E&M owns the copyright in various television drama and variety series
listed in Schedule 1 (hereinafter the “Copyrights”), and PCCW is CJ E&M’s
licensee of the Copyrights in Singapore.

(B) PCCW intends to make applications in the Singapore Courts against various
websites that have infringed the Copyrights with a view to obtaining judicial
site blocking orders (the “Orders”) against the said websites.

(C) To enable the effective enforcement of the Copyrights, CJ E&M wishes to
assign to PCCW its right to sue for infringement of the Copyrights in
Singapore as further set forth below in Clause 1 of the Agreement.

NOW IT IS AGREED as follows:

1\. ASSIGNMENT

In consideration of PCCW paying the sum of One US Dollar (US$1) to CJ E&M (the
receipt and sufficiency of which is acknowledged and accepted by CJ E&M), CJ
E&M hereby assigns to PCCW the right to sue in Singapore, for any and all past
and/or ongoing infringements of its Copyrights in Singapore as of the date of
signature of this Agreement only for the purposes of obtaining the Orders in
relation to the websites listed in Schedule 2.

…

[emphasis added]

10 The other assignment agreements between the plaintiff and each of the
remaining Korean Broadcasters were in broadly similar terms. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

First Affidavit of Soo Ye Huei, pp 69–81.

As will shortly become clear, these assignment agreements formed a central
part of the plaintiff’s arguments as to why it had locus standi to bring an
action under s 193DDA of the Act.

Parties’ submissions

The plaintiff’s submissions

11 The plaintiff argued that since the Korean Broadcasters, who were the
copyright owners, had assigned it the right to sue in respect of copyright
infringement in Singapore, it had “essentially [become] the owner of the
copyright for the purposes of this enforcement action”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions, para 57.

In arguing that this assignment of the bare right to sue for infringement was
valid, the plaintiff cited George Wei, The Law of Copyright in Singapore (SNP
Editions, 2nd Ed, 2000) (“The Law of Copyright in Singapore”) at para 12.5 and
footnote 20, where the learned author notes that an assignment of copyright
does not transfer the right to sue in respect of infringements that occurred
prior to the assignment, but the right to sue in respect of such prior
infringements could itself be assigned. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions, para 49.

12 The plaintiff further relied on the decision of the House of Lords in
Trendtex Trading Corporation and another v Credit Suisse [1981] 3 WLR 766
(“Trendtex”). There, it was held that, notwithstanding the rule against
maintenance and champerty, an assignment of a bare right of action is valid if
the assignee has a genuine commercial interest in the success of the
litigation (at 779) (“the Trendtex exception”). The Trendtex exception had
been applied in Ma v Ma [2012] OJ No 2689, where the Ontario Court of Appeal
cited assignments of the right to sue for copyright infringement to performing
rights societies as an example in which the assignee has a sufficient interest
in the success of the litigation to come within the Trendtex exception. The
plaintiff also cited the decision of the Federal Court of Australia in
Microsoft Corporation and others v PC Club Australia Pty Ltd and others (2006)
67 IPR 262, which also applied the Trendtex exception in finding that a right
to sue in respect of undetected copyright infringements did not fall afoul of
the rule against maintenance.

13 The plaintiff argued that it had a “genuine and substantial interest” in
the success of the litigation as a licensee of the copyright in the drama and
variety shows produced by the Korean Broadcasters. Thus, under the Trendtex
exception, it had been validly assigned the right to sue for copyright
infringement by the Korean Broadcasters. This meant the plaintiff was
“effectively” the owner of the copyright for the purpose of this application.

14 At the hearing of this matter I suggested to learned counsel for the
plaintiff, Mr Nicholas Lauw (“Mr Lauw”), that the validity of the assignment
of the right to sue was a separate matter from whether such assignment
(assuming it was valid) would make the plaintiff an owner of copyright for the
purposes of the Act. Mr Lauw acknowledged that there is no provision within
the Act which explicitly provides that an assignee of a right to sue for
copyright infringement was a copyright owner. However, he pointed to ss 119(1)
and 194(2)(a) of the Act, which provide as follows:

Actions for infringement

119\. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the owner of a copyright
may bring an action for an infringement of the copyright.

Assignments and licences in respect of copyright

194. — (1) …

(2) An assignment of copyright may be limited in any of the following ways, or
in any combination of 2 or more of those ways:

(a) so as to apply to one or more, but not all, of the classes of acts which
by virtue of this Act the owner of the copyright has the exclusive right to do
(including any one or more classes of acts not separately designated in this
Act as being restricted by the copyright, but falling within any of the
classes of acts so designated);

…

[emphasis added]

15 Mr Lauw submitted that s 119(1) conferred the copyright owner with an
“exclusive right” within the meaning of s 194(2)(a) of the Act: the right to
bring any infringement action, including an action for an order under s 193DDA
of the Act. As I understood it, the argument was that, read with s 119, s
194(2)(a) meant that an assignment of copyright may be limited so as to apply
only to the right to pursue an action for infringement. The Korean
Broadcasters’ act of assigning the right to bring an action for infringement
to the plaintiff was a limited assignment of copyright which made the
plaintiff a copyright owner.

The defendants’ submissions

16 Save for the fifth defendant, who did not participate in the proceedings,
the defendants were aligned in submitting that the plaintiff did not have
locus standi to apply for the relief in s 193DDA of the Act because it was
neither an exclusive licensee nor an owner. Each of the defendants advanced
slightly differing arguments in support of this position, although there were
significant overlaps between the submissions.

17 All of the defendants cited Alliance Entertainment Singapore Pte Ltd v Sim
Kay Teck and another [2007] 2 SLR(R) 869 (“Alliance”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

1st Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions, paras 11–12; 2nd Defendant’s Skeletal
Submissions, para 4; 3rd Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions, para 7, 4th
Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions, paras 8–10.

There, Sundaresh Menon JC held that a non-exclusive licensee had no locus
standi to sue for copyright infringement, as only owners or exclusive licensee
were entitled to bring such an action under s 123 of the Act (at [29]–[31]).
The first defendant specifically highlighted the observation in Alliance that
a license generally passes no title or proprietary interest or rights, but
merely makes lawful that which would otherwise be unlawful (at [21]). Most of
the defendants also referred to Odex Pte Ltd v Pacific Internet Ltd [2007]
SGDC 248 (“Odex DC”) and/or the High Court decision which affirmed Odex DC on
appeal, Odex Pte Ltd v Pacific Internet Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 18 (“Odex”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

2nd Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions, para 3; 3rd Defendant’s Skeletal
Submissions, para1 5, 4th Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions, para 8.

Both Odex DC and Odex had endorsed Menon JC’s finding in Alliance. The second
defendant specifically relied on Odex DC for the proposition that a non-
exclusive licensee not only has no locus standi to bring an action for
infringement, but more generally has no civil right of action under the
Copyright Act (Odex DC at [12]–[13]). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

2nd Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions, paras 3 and 5.

18 With regard to the assignment agreements, the first, third and fourth
defendants maintained that it was impossible for the Korean Broadcasters to
assign the plaintiff a bare right to sue for copyright infringement, as they
had purported to do. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

1st Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions, para 26; 3rd Defendant’s Skeletal
Submissions, para 9, 4th Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions, para 21.

The first defendant argued that this was because the right to sue for
infringement is “inextricably linked” to the bundle of exclusive rights which
a copyright confers. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

1st Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions, para 25.

In support of this position, the first defendant cited the English case of
Media C.A.T. Limited v A & Ors [2010] EWPCC 17, as well as several cases from
the US: Righthaven LLC v Wayne Hoehn and another (716 F.3d 1166)
(“Righthaven”) and Silvers v Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc (402 F.3d 881)
(“Silvers”). In oral submissions, counsel for the first defendant also
maintained that the assignment agreements were of no effect because the Korean
Broadcasters had purported to assign the plaintiff the right to sue for
copyright infringement only for the purposes of obtaining a site-blocking
order (see [9] above). While a chose in action was assignable, the remedy in s
193DDA of the Act was not a chose in action. Rather, it was a judicial remedy
created by statute. The right to obtain an order under s 193DDA of the Act was
therefore not assignable.

19 The third defendant argued that a bare right to sue for infringement could
not be assigned because it was “inherent in the proprietary interest” in a
copyright. Thus, an assignment of a right of action was only valid where the
proprietary interest in the copyright was also assigned. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

3rd Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions, para 9.

The decision of the Supreme Court of British Columbia in Century 21 Canada
Limited Partnership v Rogers Communications Inc [2011] BCSC 1196 was cited in
support of this point. The third defendant also highlighted the holding in
Odex at [37]–[38] that an agent of a copyright owner could not apply in the
agent’s own name for pre-action discovery, and argued that by extension, the
assignee of a right of action also did not have locus standi to seek the
relief in s 193DDA of the Act. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

3rd Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions, paras 15–17.

20 The fourth defendant, too, argued that the Korean Broadcasters could not
assign the plaintiff the right to sue for copyright infringement. However, its
argument was based on the provisions of the Act. In direct contrast to the
plaintiff (see [14]–[15] above), the fourth defendant argued that the term
“exclusive right” in s 194(2)(a) of the Act did not include the right to bring
an action for infringement. Rather, s 194(2)(a) should be read in light of ss
26 and 83 of the Act, which define the “exclusive rights” which comprise the
copyright. Only one or more of these “exclusive rights” could be assigned by a
copyright owner to a third party under s 194(2)(a) of the Act. The right to
commence an action for infringement was separately created under s 119(1) of
the Act, and therefore was not an “exclusive right” which comprises the
copyright in a work. Thus, s 194(2) suggested that the right to sue could not
be separated and assigned to a third party by the copyright owner. Rather,
that right “flows simply by virtue of being the copyright holder”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

4th Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions, paras 18–21.

Like the first defendant, the fourth defendant also cited the decisions of
Righthaven and Silvers. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

4th Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions, paras 22–25 and 30–32.

The issues

21 Section 193DDA of the Act provides as follows:

Order to disable access to flagrantly infringing online location

193DDA – (1) Where the High Court is satisfied, on an application made by the
owner or exclusive licensee of copyright in a material against a network
service provider, that —

(a) the services of the network service provider have been or are being used
to access an online location, which is the subject of the application, to
commit or facilitate infringement of copyright in that material; and

(b) the online location is a flagrantly infringing online location,

the High Court may, after having regard to the factors referred to in section
193DB(3), make an order requiring the network service provider to take
reasonable steps to disable access to the flagrantly infringing online
location.

22 Under s 193DDA(1) of the Act, it is only the owner or exclusive licensee of
copyright in a material that may make the application. Thus the issue is
whether the plaintiff was the “owner or exclusive licensee of copyright in a
material”. The plaintiff did not claim to be an exclusive licensee. The
plaintiff also did not seek to challenge the holding in Alliance and Odex that
ordinarily, a non-exclusive licensee has no right to bring any infringement
action under the Act. Rather, the plaintiff sought to persuade the court that,
by virtue of the assignment agreements, it was an “owner of copyright” in the
drama or variety shows for the purposes of s 193DDA of the Act. Thus, the
following issues arose for consideration:

(a) Whether the assignment agreements were of any effect.

(b) Whether being assigned the right to sue for the purposes of obtaining a
site-blocking order made the plaintiff an “owner of copyright” within the
meaning of s 193DDA of the Act.

My decision

Whether the assignment agreements were of any effect

23 In my view, the assignment agreements were of no effect for the purposes of
s 193DDA of the Act. Although both parties frequently referred to the
plaintiff having been assigned “the right to sue for infringement”, it should
be noted that what the Korean Broadcasters had purported to assign to the
plaintiff was the specific right to make an application for site-blocking
orders under s 193DDA of the Act. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

First Affidavit of Soo Ye Huei, pp 65, 69, 73 and 77,

The question is whether this purported assignment has any effect in the
operation of the provision.

24 A site-blocking order under s 193DDA of the Act is a statutory remedy and
the right to seek such a remedy is conferred by that provision upon copyright
owners and exclusive licensees. In saying that it became an owner by virtue of
the assignments, the plaintiff had put the cart before the horse. The issue is
whether the remedy is available to a person who is neither a copyright owner
or exclusive assignee but is the assignee of the copyright owner of the “right
to make an application for a site blocking order”.

25 As noted by the learned authors of Meagher, Gummow and Lehane’s Equity:
Doctrines and Remedies (J D Heydon, M J Leeming and P G Turner eds)
(LexisNexis Butterworths, 5th Ed, 2015) at para 6-480(g), whether a statutory
cause of action is assignable depends on the terms of the statute. So in
Manharlal Trikamdas Mody and another v Sumikin Bussan International (HK) Ltd
[2014] 3 SLR 1161 (“Manharlal”), the learned George Wei JC opined that the
Official Assignee’s right to enforce ss 76 and 105 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap
20, 2009 Rev Ed) was personal to the Official Assignee and was incapable of
assignment. Sections 76 and 105 of the Bankruptcy Act provide for a stay of
proceedings against a bankrupt and/or his property upon the making of a
bankruptcy order. Section 112 of the same statute sets out the Official
Assignee’s powers to bring, institute or defend any action or legal
proceedings relating to the property of the bankrupt. Wei JC observed that
there was nothing in the wording of ss 76, 105 or 112 of the Bankruptcy Act
which suggested that the power to bring an action to enforce ss 76 and 105 was
intended to be assignable (at [53]). Wei JC also took note of ss 98, 99 and
103 of the Bankruptcy Act which expressly state that applications to unwind
certain antecedent transactions (e.g. undervalue transactions, unfair
preferences and extortionate credit transactions) had to be made by the
Official Assignee (at [55]).

26 By the same token, s 193DDA(1) of the Act explicitly states that a site-
blocking order may only be made “upon an application by the owner or exclusive
licensee”. There is nothing in either s 193DDA itself or the other provisions
of the Act to suggest that this right is intended to be assignable. The
plaintiff in oral argument stated that there was “nothing in [the] Act that
says [an owner] cannot assign the bare right to sue”. However, it was not open
to this court to find that the right to seek a remedy created by statute in
favour of two specific parties (owners and exclusive licensees) could be
assigned to a third class of persons simply because there was no explicit
prohibition of such assignment. The remarks of Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC in
Neo Corp Ltd (under judicial management) v Neocorp Innovations Pte Ltd and
another application [2005] 4 SLR(R) 681 at [38] (affirmed by the Court of
Appeal in Neo Corp Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Neocorp Innovations Pte Ltd
[2006] 2 SLR(R) 717), though made in relation to a rather different statutory
right of action, are apposite:

The right of action accorded to the judicial manager under s 227T (of the
Companies Act) is a special statutory right. … Where such a right is specially
conferred by statute, it must be exercised in accordance with the strict
language of the provision itself. As I have already pointed out above, the
language of s 227T is clear: The right of action is vested in the judicial
manager – and no other. A special (especially statutory) right is a privilege
and should not be extended beyond its legitimate boundaries. And the obvious
boundaries are set by the statutory language itself.

[emphasis in original in italics, emphasis added in bold italics]

27 Given the above analysis it was unnecessary for me to address the first
defendant’s argument that the right to seek the remedy in s 193DDA of the Act
was not assignable because it was not a chose in action. The primary reason
that this right was not assignable was because the Act clearly limited that
right to owners and exclusive licensees.

28 As I have explained above, my view was that the plaintiff had put the cart
before the horse. The logical approach was first to determine (a) whether the
right to bring an action under s 193DDA of the Act was capable of assignment,
and only if such assignment was possible, to then determine (b) whether such
assignment would make the plaintiff an “owner of copyright” for the purpose of
that provision. Since the first question was answered in the negative, it was
unnecessary to consider the second question. That in itself was sufficient to
dispose of the application. However the plaintiff submitted that this
assignment made it the “effective” owner of the copyright and I turn to
address this argument.

Whether being assigned the right to sue for infringement made the plaintiff an
“owner of copyright”

29 The question before me is whether an assignment of the right to seek a
remedy under s 193DDA of the Act makes the plaintiff the owner of the
copyright. Posed in this manner, the obvious answer is in the negative.
Copyright comprises “a bundle of legally enforceable exclusive rights in
respect of certain types of products of ‘intellectual’ activity” (see The Law
of Copyright in Singapore at 1.1). The question was whether the right to bring
an action under s 193DDA of the Act is part of the bundle of rights which
constitutes a copyright, such that owning that right would make a party a
“copyright owner”.

30 As I have mentioned, the plaintiff relied on s 119 read with s 194(2)(a) of
the Act, and contended that an assignment of copyright may be limited so as to
apply only to the right to pursue an action for infringement. The plaintiff
seemed to suggest that s 194(2)(a) implicitly equates the term “copyright”
with “the classes of acts which by virtue of [the Act] the owner of the
copyright has the exclusive right to do”. A copyright owner in the shoes of
the Korean Broadcasters has an “exclusive right” to bring actions for
infringement, thus, being assigned that right is a partial assignment of
copyright which makes the plaintiff an “owner of the copyright”.

31 However, in my view, s 194(2)(a) of the Act was of limited assistance to
the plaintiff. That provision defines how an assignment of copyright may be
limited, but it does not define what exactly a copyright is, or what bundle of
rights it comprises. At first blush, s 194(2)(a) may implicitly suggest that a
copyright includes any act which the owner is exclusively entitled to do under
the Act. Yet the term “copyright” should not be understood in light of what s
194(2)(a) implicitly suggests. Rather, I agreed with the fourth defendant that
what a copyright comprises is explicitly defined in provisions such as ss 26
and 82–86 of the Act, which describe the nature of copyright. In the case of
drama or variety shows such as those in respect of which the plaintiff is
licensee, as these are cinematograph films, the nature of copyright is defined
by s 83 of the Act as follows:

Nature of copyright in cinematograph films

83\. For the purposes of this Act, unless the contrary intention appears,
copyright, in relation to a cinematograph film, is the exclusive right to do
all or any of the following acts:

(a) to make a copy of the film;

(b) to cause the film, insofar as it consists of visual images, to be seen in
public;

(c) to communicate the film to the public.

32 It follows that only an owner of one of these rights is an “owner of the
copyright” in the drama or variety shows. The right to sue in respect of
infringement, or the right to apply for a site-blocking order under s 193DDA
of the Act, is not a copyright, but a remedy available to the owner of a
copyright. Thus, even if I had taken the view that the right to seek the
remedy in s 193DDA could be assigned by the Korean Broadcasters to the
plaintiff via the assignment agreements, such assignment would not make the
plaintiff a “copyright owner”. It follows that the plaintiff, being neither an
owner nor exclusive licensee of copyright in the drama or variety shows, had
no locus standi to bring the present application.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Lauw Yu An, Nicholas Lynwood and Leow Jiamin (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for
the plaintiff;  
Chan Kwok Chuan Jason and Ong Eu-Jin (Amica Law LLC) for the first and sixth
defendants;  
Chua Yeow Hooi and Mervyn Lau (Robinson LLC) for the second defendant;  
Koh Chia Ling and Kevin Elbert (OC Queen Street LLC) for the third, seventh
and eighth defendants;  
Lim Yee Ming and Kok Zihao (Kelvin Chia Partnership) for the fourth, ninth and
tenth defendants;  
fifth defendant not represented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

