Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

  
  

In the FAMILY JUSTICE courts of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGFC 98

FC/D 2346/2017

HCF/DCA 81/2018

Between

|  UOY  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

|  UOZ  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Ancillary matters]

Between

|  UOY  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

|  UOZ  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

[2018] SGFC 98

Family Justice Courts – FC/D 2346/2017

District Judge Guy Ghazali

12 July 2018; 1 August 2018

30 October 2018

District Judge Guy Ghazali:

Introduction

1\. Parties, in this case, had been married for 31 years at the time of the
granting of the Interim Judgment. They married on 28 April 1986. The Interim
Judgment was granted on 10 October 2017. The Plaintiff (hereinafter referred
to as “the Wife”) is 57 years of age while the Defendant (“hereinafter
referred to as “the Husband”) is 61 years of age.

2\. They adopted a child sometime in late 1999 or early 2000. The child, a
son, is 20 years old.

3\. Issues of custody, care and control and access of the child have been
agreed in the Interim Judgment. Pursuant to the agreed terms, parties have
joint custody of the child. The Husband has sole care and control of the child
with liberal access to the Wife.

4\. At the ancillary matters hearing, parties have also agreed that the
Defendant shall solely maintain the child.

5\. In the circumstances, the ancillary issues that were left for
determination were the division of the matrimonial assets and maintenance of
the Wife.

6\. Given the length of the marriage, which spanned 31 years, one may expect
the Wife to receive equal division or close to equal division of the
matrimonial assets.

7\. However, for reasons that I will explain later, I am of the view that on
the facts of this case, an equal division or close to equal division is not
appropriate and will not lead to a “just and equitable” outcome as required
under section 112 of the Women’s Charter (Cap. 353). It must be remembered
that the length of the marriage is only one factor that the court considers.
Ultimately, each case turns on its own facts.

8\. Having considered the evidence in this case, I made the following orders.

(1) The Wife shall transfer her interest, title and share in the matrimonial
flat at [address redacted] to the Husband within three months from the date of
this order upon the Husband paying to the Wife a sum of $40,360. The Wife
shall make the requisite refund into her CPF account from this sum of $40,360.

(2) In the event that the transfer is not effected within three months, the
matrimonial flat shall be sold in the open market within six months thereafter
and the proceeds of sale less costs and expenses related to the sale shall be
distributed in the following manner:

(i) $40,360 shall be paid to the Wife;

(ii) the balance sum shall be retained by the Husband.

Parties shall make the requisite refund into their respective CPF accounts
from their share of the net sale proceeds. For the avoidance of doubt, parties
shall have joint conduct of sale.

(3) Save as set out above, parties shall retain assets in their respective
names.

(4) The Registrar or Assistant Registrar of the Family Justice Courts under
section 31 of the Family Justice Act 2014 is empowered to execute, sign, or
indorse all necessary documents relating to matters contained in this order on
behalf of either party should either party fail to do so within 14 days of
written request being made to the party.

(5) There shall be no maintenance for the Wife.

(6) By consent, the Husband shall solely maintain the child.

(7) No order as to costs.

9\. Dissatisfied with the above outcome, the Wife filed an appeal against the
whole of my orders. In these grounds of decision, I will set out the reasons
for my orders. However, before I do that, I wish to raise two preliminary
observations in respect of the Notice of Appeal that was filed by the Wife.

10\. In the Wife’s Notice of Appeal, the Wife states that she is appealing
against, among other things, the by consent order requiring the Husband to
solely maintain the child. It is unclear whether this appeal item was inserted
intentionally or whether it was an oversight. If it is the Wife’s intention to
appeal against the by consent order, is it the Wife’s position that she should
be contributing towards the child’s maintenance notwithstanding that parties
have agreed for the Husband to solely maintain the child? Be that as it may,
given that this order was made by the consent of the parties, I will not
elaborate further on this issue in the present grounds of decision. I would
however urge the exercise of greater care in the preparation of notices of
appeal so that they will accurately reflect the orders that are intended to be
the subject of appeal.

11\. In the interest of clarity, I would also point out that the order of
court that was extracted by the parties included an additional order, which
reads, “no order made on paragraphs 7(e) and 7(f) of the Statement of Claim”.
This is an inaccurate representation of the orders made at the ancillary
matters hearing as there was no such additional order made. Paragraph 7(e) of
the Statement of Claim relates to the Wife’s claim for maintenance. The order
at [8(5)] above deals with this prayer. Paragraph 7(f) of the Statement of
Claim relates to the Wife’s claim for costs. Whilst no order for costs was
made, this order is already reflected in the order at [8(7)] above. I consider
it relevant to highlight the foregoing as this is one of the orders that the
Wife is appealing against.

Parties’ direct financial contributions

12\. In determining the pool of matrimonial assets, I have applied the
operative date as the date of the Interim Judgment. In this regard, neither
party has submitted on an alternative operative date. In fact, when asked for
their submissions on the operative date, both Counsel opted to not make
submissions.

(i) Matrimonial home

13\. The matrimonial home is fully paid up. Parties have agreed to fix the
value of the matrimonial home at $665,000. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Page 9 of the Notes of Evidence.

14\. In the Wife’s Counsel’s written submissions, the Wife claims to have
contributed a cash sum of $89,500 towards the matrimonial home, in addition to
contributions made by way of her Central Provident Fund (CPF) account. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Paragraph 4(c) of the document entitled “Plaintiff’s Submission” at page 3.

This sum of $89,500 is suggested to represent the Wife’s share of sale
proceeds from parties’ previous matrimonial home. However, no such assertion
was made in the Wife’s affidavits.

15\. The Husband disputes that the Wife has made such cash contribution. The
Husband contends that parties had used only their CPF funds towards the
purchase of the matrimonial home. The Husband’s Counsel further points out
that the total CPF funds used by the parties towards the purchase of the
matrimonial home exceed $239,500, which the Wife’s Counsel submits to be the
purchase price of the matrimonial home (again, this information on the
purchase price is not in any of the Wife’s affidavits). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Page 10 of the Notes of Evidence.

16\. Having heard both parties, I have not included the Wife’s alleged cash
contribution of $89,500. Significantly, the Wife has not made any such
averment in her affidavits. Quite apart from the absence of factual averment
on affidavit, there is also no document or evidence that supports such claim.
I have therefore taken into account parties’ CPF contributions only.

17\. The CPF funds (principal only) used by the parties towards the purchase
of the matrimonial home are agreed to be as follows:

| Wife| Husband  
---|---|---  
Total: $250,935.68| $13,104.65| $237,831.03  
Ratio| 5% (rounded off)| 95% (rounded off)  
  
18\. For completeness, I would add that the Husband previously took the
position that he contributed $60,000 towards renovations. The Husband
subsequently withdrew this claim and clarified that the renovations were
carried out on the previous matrimonial home and not the existing matrimonial
home. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Ibid.

(ii) Other matrimonial assets

Husband’s assets

19\. The Husband’s assets are agreed and are as set out below. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Paragraph 39 of the document entitled “Defendant’s Submissions” at page 19.
See also, page 4 of the Notes of Evidence.

S/N| Assets in Husband’s name| Wife’sDirect Financial Contributions|
Husband’sDirect Financial Contributions  
---|---|---|---  
1\. | UOB Bank Account of [XX] Engineering & Trading No. xxx-xxx-x66-6| Nil| $15,608.32  
2.| UOB Account No. xxx-xxx-x70-8| Nil| $17,734.96  
3.| UOB Account of No. xxx-xxx-x51-0| Nil| $0.00  
4.| DBS Account No. xxx-x-xxx304| Nil| $28,941.42  
5.| CDP Account No. xxxx-xxxx-x790| Nil| $58,965.00  
6.| Nissan Latio (car)| Nil| $24,800.00  
7.| DLA CB Insurance Policy No. xxxxx991| Nil| $70,500.00  
8.| WILLAP Insurance Policy No. xxxxxxx322| Nil| $71,790.00  
9.| i. CPF Ordinary Account - $24,876.79ii. CPF Special Account -
$29,328.18iii. CPF Medisave Account - $48,004.78iv. CPF Retirement Account -
$100,312.28Total CPF - $202,522,03| Nil| $202,522.03  
| Total: $490,861.73| Nil| $490,861.73  
  
Wife’s assets

20\. As for the Wife’s assets, these can be broadly divided into three
categories of assets.

21\. The first category involves assets declared by the Wife in the Wife’s
Affidavit of Means and these assets are not in dispute. These assets are set
out below.

S/N| Assets in Wife’s name| Wife’s Direct Financial Contributions|
Husband’sDirect Financial Contributions  
---|---|---|---  
1.| UOB Account No. xxx-xxx-451-3| $113.66| Nil  
2\. | i. CPF Ordinary Account - $4,970.92ii. CPF Special Account - $1,647.24iii. CPF Medisave Account -$31,911.20iv. CPF Retirement Account - $44,861.64Total CPF: $83,391| $83,391.00| Nil  
| Total: $83,504.66| $83,504.66| Nil  
  
22\. The second category relates to assets which the Husband claims to be
owned by the Wife. The existence of these assets was raised by the Husband in
the Husband’s Affidavit of Means. The Wife, despite filing a reply affidavit
to the Husband’s Affidavit of Means, did not address these assets in her
reply. A list of these assets is set out below: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Paragraph 35 of the document entitled “Defendant’s Submissions” at page 17.
See also, page 8 of the Notes of Evidence.

i. POSB Account No. xxx-x5100-1 in the joint names of the Wife and the child;

ii. POSB Account No. xxx-x9710-1 in the Wife’s sole name;

iii. Great Eastern Greatlink Growth Plan Policy No. xxxxxx1241;

iv. Great Link Growth policy number xxxx4678;

v. ULA-UOB LA Insurance Maxi Dollars Policy No. xxxxx8093;

vi. AIA Policy No. Hxxxxx5872;

vii. Unknown Policy No. Hxxxxx5885;

viii. AIA Policy No. Uxxxxx5594

ix. Prudential Policy No. xxxx6935

x. SGX Securities Account No. xxxx-xxxx-7847;

xi. Dividends received from SGX Securities Account No. xxxx-xxxx-7847;

POSB Account No. xxx-x5100-1

23\. In the Husband’s Affidavit of Means, the Husband exhibited a copy of a
bank statement dated 12 March 2011 in relation to the abovementioned account,
showing a bank balance of $278.18 as at 28 February 2011. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Page 49 of the Husband’s affidavit dated 16 January 2018.

The bank statement shows that the account is a POSTKIDS account held in the
joint names of the Wife and the child.

24\. I have not included this item in the matrimonial pool as the statement
that was produced by the Husband is dated 12 March 2011and there is no
evidence to suggest that this account remains in existence. In any event, this
account is held with the child.

POSB Account No. xxx-x9710-1

25\. In the Husband’s Affidavit of Means, the Husband exhibited a copy of a
bank statement dated 12 February 2011 in relation to the abovementioned
account, showing the name of the Wife as the sole holder and a bank balance of
$137.75 as at 10 February 2011. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Page 51 of the Husband’s affidavit dated 16 January 2018.

26\. I have not included this item in the matrimonial pool as the statement
that was produced by the Husband is dated 12 February 2011 and there is no
evidence to suggest that this account remains in existence.

Great Eastern Greatlink Growth Plan Policy No. xxxxxx1241

27\. This policy has a value of $18,327.79 as at 18 August 2017. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Page 33 of the Husband’s affidavit dated 16 May 2018.

I have included this item in the matrimonial pool.

28\. Although this policy commenced on 10 April 2006, at a time when the Wife
was not working and was receiving allowance from the Husband, I have
attributed the direct financial contribution towards this asset to the Wife,
as the documents show that this policy is being paid by the Wife’s CPF
Ordinary Account. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Ibid.

Great Link Growth policy number xxxx4678

29\. The Husband has produced in his Affidavit of Means a handwritten record
(it is not clear whose handwriting this is) enumerating, among other things,
the above-mentioned policy, which is described as “GreatLink Growth Special
A/C – CPF SA $35,000”. The handwritten record also states the policy’s “DOC”
(which, presumably, refers to the date of commencement of the policy) as 14
February 2001. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Page 56 of the Husband’s affidavit dated 16 January 2018.

30\. I have not included this item in the matrimonial pool as the Husband has
not provided satisfactory evidence to show that this policy existed or still
exists.

31\. Be that as it may, I note that the Wife did not address this alleged
asset in her reply affidavit.

ULA-UOB LA Insurance Maxi Dollars Policy No. xxxxx8093

32\. The Husband has produced a document pertaining to this policy showing its
maturity date as 10 August 2010. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Page 64 of the Husband’s affidavit dated 16 January 2018.

Given that the document suggests that this policy would have already matured
in 2010, I have not included this item in the matrimonial pool as there is no
evidence to show that this item (either in the form of a policy or the form of
matured funds or otherwise) is still in existence. However, as is the case in
respect of the Great Link Growth policy number xxxx4678, I note that the Wife
has made no attempt to address this asset in her reply affidavit.

AIA Policy No. Hxxxxx5872

33\. The Husband has produced, among other things, a premium notice reminder
dated 29 December 2016 with regard to the annual renewal of the above-
mentioned policy. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Pages 71 to 73 of the Husband’s affidavit dated 16 January 2018.

34\. I am satisfied that this asset is a matrimonial asset. However, I take
judicial notice that this is a hospitalisation insurance policy and has no
cash value.

Unknown Policy No. Hxxxxx5885

35\. The Husband claims that the Wife owns the above-mentioned policy. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Page 3 (item 14) of the Husband’s affidavit dated 16 January 2018.

The Husband has not produced any evidence substantiating this position. In the
circumstances, I have not included this item in the matrimonial pool. In any
event, this too is a hospitalisation insurance policy and would not have any
cash value, even if it exists.

AIA Policy No. Uxxxxx5594

36\. The Husband has produced a letter dated 16 March 2018 from AIA Singapore
with regard to the above-mentioned policy. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Pages 26 and 27 of the Husband’s affidavit dated 16 May 2018.

This letter shows that the policy has a surrender value of $17,299.70 as at 16
March 2018. I further note from the same letter that the effective date of the
policy is 15 March 2013.

37\. I have included this asset in the pool of matrimonial assets and adopted
the value of $17,299.70. I have allocated the direct financial contribution to
the Wife as this policy commenced at a time when the Wife was no longer
receiving funds from the Husband (she stopped receiving money from the Husband
sometime in 2010). Further, this policy is described as “AIA Asset Builder
(OA)” which suggests that this policy is being paid by way of the Wife’s CPF
Ordinary Account.

Prudential Policy No. xxxx6935

38\. The Husband has produced a statement of account dated 31 March 2017
relating to the above-mentioned policy showing the value of the policy as
$14,493.96 as at 30 March 2017. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Page 79 of the Husband’s affidavit dated 16 January 2018.

Although this policy commenced on 31 March 2008, at a time when the Wife was
not working and was receiving allowance from the Husband, I have attributed
the direct financial contribution towards this asset to the Wife, as the
statement shows that this policy is a “CPFIS-SA” account, which is a CPF
investment scheme using funds in the Wife’s CPF Special Account.

SGX Securities Account No. xxxx-xxxx-7847 and dividends received from the said
account

39\. The Husband produced an account statement dated 31 December 2017 showing
the value of this account as $684.30 and the total dividends paid out in 2017
as $33.25. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Pages 24 and 25 of the Husband’s affidavit dated 16 May 2018.

I have included these amounts in the pool of matrimonial assets.

40\. In summary, a list of the Wife’s assets that have been brought into the
matrimonial pool from the second category of assets is set out below.

S/N| Assets in Wife’s name| Wife’s Direct Financial Contributions|
Husband’sDirect Financial Contributions  
---|---|---|---  
1.| Great Eastern Greatlink Growth Plan Policy No. xxxxxx1241| $18,327.79| Nil  
2\. | AIA Policy No. Hxxxxx5872 (nil value)| Nil | Nil  
3.| AIA Policy No. Uxxxxx5594| $17,299.70| Nil  
4.| Prudential Policy No. xxxx6935| $14,493.96| Nil  
5.| i. SGX Securities Account No. xxxx-xxxx-7847 ii. Dividends received from the said account | $684.30$33.25| Nil  
| Total: $50,839.00| $50,839.00| Nil  
  
41\. I now move to the third category of assets, namely, insurance policies
that were held by the Wife in her name, which had matured or had been
surrendered:

i. Prudential Policy Number xxxx4951 – $92,877.12 matured on 27 December 2006;
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Page 12 of the Wife’s affidavit dated 28 May 2018.

ii. Prudential Policy Number xxxx5829 – $426,915.80 matured on 10 August 2010;
19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Ibid.

iii. Prudential Policy Number SQ/xxxxx1227-R – $5,059.33 received upon
surrender of policy on or about 4 February 2010; 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Page 18 of the Wife’s affidavit dated 28 May 2018.

iv. Prudential Policy Number SQ/xxxxx0862-C – $98,890.96 received upon
surrender of policy on or about 19 May 2010; 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Page 23 of the Wife’s affidavit dated 28 May 2018.

v. Prudential Policy Number SQ/xxxxx8117-E – $96,529.17 received upon
surrender of policy on or about 28 June 2010; 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Pages 29 and 31 of the Wife’s affidavit dated 28 May 2018.

vi. Prudential Policy Number xxxx6442 – $370,489.00 received on or around 8
October 2010, which appears to be reimbursement of premium paid for a policy
which was “cancelled from inception”; 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Pages 34 and 36 of the Wife’s affidavit dated 28 May 2018.

vii. Great Eastern Policy Number xxxxxx5314 – $15,136.80 received upon
surrender of policy on or around 7 August 2013; 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Page 44 of the Wife’s affidavit dated 28 May 2018.

viii. Great Eastern Policy Number xxxxxx5544 – $21,640.79 received upon
surrender of policy on or about 7 August 2013; 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Page 45 of the Wife’s affidavit dated 28 May 2018.

ix. Great Eastern Policy Number xxxxxx0983 – $14,936.79 received upon
surrender of policy on or about 7 August 2013; 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Page 46 of the Wife’s affidavit dated 28 May 2018.

x. NTUC Income Policy Number xxxxxx4032 – $15,412.85 received upon surrender
of policy on or about 16 August 2016; 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Page 47 of the Wife’s affidavit dated 28 May 2018.

xi. NTUC Income Policy Number xxxxxx8220 – $4,257.83 received upon surrender
of policy on or about 14 June 2006; 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Page 48 of the Wife’s affidavit dated 28 May 2018.

and

xii. NTUC Income Policy Number xxxxxx5048 –$121,666.67 received upon surrender
of policy on or about 14 March 2010. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Page 49 of the Wife’s affidavit dated 28 May 2018.

42\. The above sums amount to $1,283,813.11.

43\. According to the Wife, these policies were liquidated as the Husband had
demanded her to do so as he was in need of money and most of these monies were
transferred to the Husband except for a small portion which was used by the
Wife on holidays with their son. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Paragraphs 4 and 5 of the Wife’s affidavit dated 28 May 2018.

44\. Except for a single handwritten annotation found on the Surrender
Discharge Voucher for Great Eastern Policy Number xxxxxx5314 (see item 41(vii)
above) suggesting that monies were transferred to the Husband two days after
they were credited into her UOB account, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Page 44 of the Wife’s affidavit dated 28 May 2018.

the Wife has not provided any evidence (such as her bank statements) to show
that these amounts were transferred to the Husband. No explanation was given
as to why the Wife did not or was unable to provide supporting documents even
though she had surrendered one of her policies as recent as 16 August 2017.

45\. In my view, it is entirely within the Wife’s ability or power to obtain
documents such as her own bank statements to support her claim that these
monies were transferred to the Husband. In this regard, I note that the total
sum involved of $1,283,813.11 is not an insignificant amount. In fact, it is
almost the entire value of the existing matrimonial pool, which stands at
$1,290,205.39.

46\. Apart from the insurance policies, the Husband also alleges that from the
mid-1990s until 2010, the Husband handed to the Wife an aggregate sum of about
$1.6 million, meant to be saved up for parties’ retirement and for the child.
However, the Wife has not been able to account to the Husband as to how these
monies had been used or what has become of them. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Paragraphs 35 to 43 of the Husband’s affidavit dated 16 January 2018.

47\. I am not including this aggregate sum of $1.6 million in the matrimonial
pool or dealing with it as a separate item but would take into consideration
that this was likely the source of funds that enabled the Wife to acquire her
various insurance policies given that she was not working at that time.

48\. For ease of reference, a list of all the assets in the matrimonial pool
is set out below:

S/N| Asset in joint names| Wife’s Direct Financial Contributions| Husband’s
Direct Financial Contributions  
---|---|---|---  
1\. | Matrimonial flat – fully paid up(Agreed value: $665,000.00)| $33,250.00(5% of value)| $631,750.00(95% of value)  
| Sub-total: $665,000.00| $33,250.00| $631,750.00  
| Assets in Wife’s name| |   
2\. | UOB Account No. xxx-xxx-451-3| $113.66| -  
3\. | CPF Ordinary Account - $4,970.92CPF Special Account - $1,647.24CPF Medisave Account - $31,911.20CPF Retirement Account - $44,861.64Total: $83,391.00| $83,391.00| -  
4\. | Great Eastern Greatlink Growth Plan Policy No. xxxxxx1241| $18,327.79| -  
5\. | AIA Policy No. Hxxxxx5872 (nil value)| Nil| -  
6\. | Prudential Policy No. xxxx6935| $14,493.96| -  
7\. | SGX Securities Account No. xxxx-xxxx-7847| $684.30| -  
8\. | Dividends received from SGX Securities Account No. xxxx-xxxx-7847| $33.25| -  
9\. | AIA Policy No. Uxxxxx5594| $17,299.70| -  
| Sub-total: $134,343.66| $134,343.66| $0.00  
| Assets in Husband’s name| |   
10\. | UOB Bank Account of [XX] Engineering & Trading No. xxx-xxx-x66-6| -| $15,608.32  
11\. | UOB Account No. xxx-xxx-x70-8| -| $17,734.96  
12\. | UOB Account of No. xxx-xxx-x51-0| -| $0  
13\. | DBS Account No. xxx-x-xxx304| -| $28,941.42   
14\. | CDP Account No. xxxx-xxxx-x790| -| $58,965.00  
15\. | Nissan Latio (car)| -| $24,800.00  
16\. | DLA CB Insurance Policy No. xxxxx991| -| $70,500.00  
17\. | WILLAP Insurance Policy No. xxxxxxx322| -| $71,790.00  
18\. | CPF Ordinary Account\- $24,876.79CPF Special Account\- $29,328.18CPF Medisave Account \- $48,004.78CPF Retirement Account\- $100,312.28Total: $202,522,03| -| $202,522.03  
| Sub-total: $490,861.73| $0.00| $490,861.73  
| Total: $1,290,205.39| $167,593.66| $1,122,611.73  
| Direct Financial Contributions (%)| 13%| 87%  
  
Parties’ indirect contributions

49\. For indirect contributions, having considered the facts of this case, I
am of the view that 70:30 in favour of the Husband is appropriate.

50\. The Husband was the primary breadwinner for the family and was in fact
the sole breadwinner for about 27 years in the 31-year marriage. The Wife
worked as a seamstress for the first two years of the marriage. She went back
to work in 2015 as a kitchen helper. The Husband was a sole proprietor and has
retired since 2015.

51\. The Wife’s Counsel submits that indirect contributions ought to be 70-30
in the Wife’s favour. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Page 12 of the Notes of Evidence.

52\. The Wife concedes that she was largely unemployed during the marriage.
However, the Wife says that she took care of the Husband during the marriage
by staying at home and attending to his needs and looked after the child. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Paragraph 22 of the Wife’s affidavit dated 25 January 2018.

53\. The Husband’s Counsel submits that indirect contributions ought to be
close to 100% in the Husband’s favour. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Page 11 of the Notes of Evidence.

54\. It is the Husband’s position that he was the sole breadwinner of the
family for most part of the marriage. In addition, he has made various non-
financial contributions by doing most of the household chores, carrying out
the repairs and maintenance of the fixtures in the house and taking care of
the child. According to the Husband, he was and continues to be the main
caregiver of the child. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Paragraphs 44 to 54 of the Husband’s affidavit dated 16 January 2018.

55\. The parties’ 20-year old child has filed an affidavit in these
proceedings. In his affidavit, he states that the Wife played a minimal role
in his upbringing. For the first three years of primary school, he lived with
his maternal grandparents. In Primary 3, he ran into bad company and picked up
smoking. When the Husband discovered this, the Husband transferred the child
to another school and moved the child back to the parties’ home. It is also
the child’s evidence that the Husband was the parent who attended most of the
parent-teacher conferences and paid for as well as enrolled the child in
enrichment lessons.

56\. The positions taken by the Husband and the child appear consistent with
the by consent order (made in the Interim Judgment) in which the Husband and
the Wife both agreed for the Husband to have sole care and control of the
child.

57\. In the circumstances, despite the long marriage, I am of the view that
the Husband ought to be given more for indirect contributions. Apart from
being the primary, if not sole, financial provider, I am satisfied that the
Husband’s non-financial contributions to the family are more significant and
extensive than the Wife’s.

Average ratio

58\. In determining the average ratio, the Wife’s Counsel submits that the
court should give 70% weightage for indirect contributions and 30% weightage
for direct financial contributions. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Page 13 of the Notes of Evidence.

The Husband’s Counsel, on the hand, submits that the court should give only
15% weightage for indirect contributions and give 85% weightage for direct
financial contributions. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Ibid.

59\. I do not see why I should depart from 50-50 weightage for both direct
financial contributions and indirect contributions particularly given the
length of the marriage.

60\. The average ratio is therefore as follows:

| Wife| Husband  
---|---|---  
Direct financial contributions (50% weightage)| 13| 87  
Indirect contributions (50% weightage)| 30 | 70  
Average ratio (before adjustment)| 21.5 | 78.5  
Figures (based on total matrimonial pool of $1,290,205.39)| $277,394.16|
$1,012,811.23  
  
61\. In deciding whether to make an adjustment to the average ratio, I note
that the Wife received substantial monies from the Husband during the
marriage. The Wife acquired numerous insurance policies from funds received by
the Husband. Over the years, the Wife received a total sum of $1,283,813.11
from the maturity or the surrender of these insurance policies. Except for a
bare assertion that these amounts had been transferred to the Husband, the
Wife has not provided evidence to show where these monies had gone to.

62\. Taking the above into consideration, I am ordering the Wife to transfer
her interest in the matrimonial flat within three months from the date of the
order upon the Husband paying to the Wife a sum of $40,360.00. The Wife shall
make the requisite refund to her CPF account from this sum of $40,360.00. In
the event that the transfer is not effected with three months, the matrimonial
flat shall be sold in the open market within six months thereafter. The
proceeds of sale less costs and expenses related to the sale shall be
distributed by paying to the Wife a sum of $40,360.00 and the balance sum
retained by the Husband. Save as aforesaid, parties shall retain assets in
their respective names.

63\. The difference between what the Wife would have been entitled to (if
there had been no adjustment) and the amount of $40,360.00 that is to be paid
to her, is $102,690.50. This figure represents an adjustment of about 8%
against the Wife and in favour of the Husband. This, in my view, is fair
considering that the total amount that the Wife has benefitted over the years
is far in excess of this.

Wife’s maintenance

64\. The Wife is working as kitchen helper. Her basic salary, excluding
overtime and incentive, is $1,325. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Paragraph 2 of the Wife’s affidavit dated 25 January 2018.

In the Wife’s Counsel’s written submissions, her gross pay is stated as
$1,964.32 and her net pay is stated as $1,708.82. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Paragraph 1 of the Plaintiff’s Submission dated 10 July 2018.

These figures appear to have been based on one of the Wife’s salary slips
which she has produced in her affidavit. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

See the Wife’s affidavit dated 25 January 2018 (the exhibits are however not
paginated).

From the Wife’s Notice of Assessment for the year 2017, her annual income is
declared as $28,165 or about $2,300 per month. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Ibid.

65\. From the Wife’s list of monthly expenses, her expenses are $1,245 per
month.

66\. Based on the Wife’s income and expenses, the Wife is able to provide for
herself. Parties have also agreed that the Wife does not have to maintain the
child as the Husband shall solely maintain the child.

67\. In light of the above and that the Husband has retired since 2015, I am
not ordering maintenance for the Wife. The Wife will also be receiving $40,360
from the division of assets and is retaining assets in her name.

Costs

68\. As for costs, I am of the view that no order as to costs is appropriate
in the circumstances.

Guy Ghazali

District Judge

Mr Syn Kok Kay (Patrick Chin Syn & Co) for the Plaintiff

Mr Pang Khin Wee (Hoh Law Corporation) for the Defendant

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

