Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHCR 6

HC/S 698 of 2016  
HC/SUM 1647 of 2018

Between

| Wang Weidong  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff / Applicant

And

(1)| SPM Global Services Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Mark Aldie Stiffler  
  
… Defendants / Respondents

Judgment

[Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Amendment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Wang Weidong

  

v

  

SPM Global Services Pte Ltd and another

[2018] SGHCR 6

High Court — Suit No 698 of 2016 (Summons No 1647 of 2018)  
Justin Yeo AR  
20 April 2018

2 May 2018 Judgment reserved.

Justin Yeo AR:

1 This is the Plaintiff’s application under O 20 r 5(5) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, Rev Ed 2014) (“Rules of Court”) for the amendment of his
Statement of Claim to, inter alia, add a new cause of action (viz, an
allegation that a company’s director is personally liable for the tort of
inducing his company’s breach of contract). The key issues raised relate to:

(a) whether the new cause of action has been sufficiently pleaded so as to
disclose a reasonable cause of action; and

(b) whether the addition of the new cause of action at a late stage of the
proceedings was an unjustifiable decision to “litigate incrementally” which
amounted to an abuse of process.

Background Facts

2 Wang Weidong (“the Plaintiff”) is the registered owner of a piece of
property in Central Boulevard (“the Premises”). SPM Global Services Pte Ltd
(“the 1st Defendant”) is a company incorporated in Singapore, in the business
of the sale of sales performance management software and services. Mark Aldie
Stiffler (“the 2nd Defendant”) was the Managing Director and sole shareholder
of the 1st Defendant. The 1st Defendant uses and occupies the Premises as a
private residence and home office of the 2nd Defendant.

3 The Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant had entered into a tenancy agreement in
relation to the Premises, dated 4 November 2015 (“the Tenancy Agreement”).
According to the Plaintiff, the 1st Defendant failed to pay rent and disavowed
the Tenancy Agreement on 9 May 2016. The Plaintiff gave the Defendants a
notice period of 14 days to vacate the Premises, but upon expiry of the notice
period, the Defendants failed to vacate the Premises. The Plaintiff therefore
commenced the present suit on 4 July 2016.

4 The Plaintiff repossessed the Premises on 27 January 2017, but the
Defendants subsequently re-entered the Premises on 1 February 2017 without the
Plaintiff’s permission. The Plaintiff thus repossessed the Premises again on 8
February 2017. On 20 April 2017, a High Court Judge ordered the deactivation
of the access cards issued to the Defendants.

5 The 1st Defendant underwent voluntary winding up on 5 June 2017.

6 The Plaintiff amended the Statement of Claim on 8 September 2017 by
agreement between the parties (ie pursuant to O 20 r 12 of the Rules of
Court), to include additional causes of action arising from the Defendants’
trespass of the Premises.

7 Subsequently, the Plaintiff took out an application (“the Earlier Amendment
Application”) to further amend the Statement of Claim, seeking to add various
causes of action, viz, that the 2nd Defendant had induced the 1st Defendant to
breach its obligations under the Tenancy Agreement, that a certain clause of
the Tenancy Agreement was unenforceable, and that the Defendants had conspired
and engaged in a course of conduct to injure the Plaintiff. The Earlier
Amendment Application was heard by the same High Court Judge on 13 February
2018. After the 2nd Defendant’s counsel had made submissions on the
application, the Plaintiff’s counsel withdrew the application. According to
the Plaintiff, the withdrawal was sought because it had emerged during the
course of the hearing that there were difficulties with having too many causes
of action introduced through the proposed amendments. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Wang Weidong (dated 9 April 2018) at para 19.

The Plaintiff’s uncontroverted evidence is that the withdrawal was without
prejudice to his right to file a fresh application for amendment. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Wang Weidong (dated 9 April 2018) at para 19.

8 On 9 April 2018, the Plaintiff brought the present application (“the
Application”) to make several typographical and grammatical amendments to the
Statement of Claim, as well as to introduce an additional cause of action
against the 2nd Defendant relating to the tort of inducement of breach of
contract. The 2nd Defendant contested only the amendments relating to the
additional cause of action. The principal amendment being contested is found
in para 15 of the Statement of Claim (“the Contested Amendment”), as follows:

15\. In breach of the TA [ie the Tenancy Agreement], the 1st Defendant failed
and /or refused to pay rent when it first became due by 23 February 2016 and
also when rent was due on the 1st day of each subsequent month. The 2nd
Defendant, being the sole director and the sole shareholder of the 1st
Defendant, was at all material times fully aware of the terms and conditions
of the TA and the 1st Defendant’s contractual obligations to pay rent to the
Plaintiff in accordance with the aforesaid terms and conditions. As such,
further and/or in the alternative, the 2nd Defendant directly caused, induced
and/or procured the 1st Defendant to breach its contractual obligations under
the TA to furnish rent to the Plaintiff for the 2nd Defendant’s personal gain.
In so doing, the 2nd Defendant did not genuinely and honestly endeavour to act
in the 1st Defendant’s best interests. As a result, the 1st Defendant failed
and /or refused to pay rent when it first became due by 23 February 2016 and
also when rent was due on the 1st day of each subsequent month (emphasis in
original)

Issues

9 In a contested application for leave to amend pleadings, the principles to
be applied akin to those which apply if the application had been to strike out
the amended pleadings (Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin v Lee Kuan Yew [1990] 1
SLR(R) 337 (“Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin”) at [4]). In this regard, counsel for
the 2nd Defendant, Mr Koh Junxiang (“Mr Koh”), objected to the Contested
Amendment on two grounds: first, that it did not disclose a reasonable cause
of action; and second, that it amounted to an abuse of process. I address
these two issues in the remainder of this Judgment.

Whether reasonable cause of action disclosed

10 The first issue is whether the Contested Amendment has been sufficiently
pleaded so as to disclose a reasonable cause of action.

Parties’ Arguments

11 It is undisputed between the parties that to establish a claim in tort for
inducement of breach of contract, the Plaintiff had to demonstrate the two-
fold criteria in Tribune Investment Trust Inc v Soosan Trading Co Ltd [2000] 2
SLR(R) 407 (“Tribune Investment Trust Inc”) at [17], viz that the 2nd
Defendant had (a) acted with the requisite knowledge of the existence of the
contract, although knowledge of the precise terms is not necessary; and (b)
intended to interfere with the performance of the contract, such intention
being objectively determined.

12 Mr Koh argued that in the context of a director’s personal tortious
liability in respect of contractual breaches by his company, a director is
exempt from such liability if he had not acted in breach of any fiduciary or
legal duties owed to their company (citing PT Sandipala Arthaputra v
STMicroelectronics Asia Pacific Pte Ltd and others [2018] SGCA 17 (“PT
Sandipala Arthaputra”) at [62], which affirmed the principle in Said v Butt
[1920] 2 KB 497). The onus is on the Plaintiff to prove that the 2nd Defendant
had acted in breach of personal legal duties to the company (citing PT
Sandipala at [65]). In this regard, the Contested Amendment failed to set out
in any detail how the 2nd Defendant can be said to have breached any of his
duties to the 1st Defendant; it was, instead, merely a bare allegation that
the 2nd Defendant had “caused, induced and/or procured” the 1st Defendant’s
breach for the 2nd Defendant’s “personal gain”, and that the 2nd Defendant did
not “genuinely and honestly endeavour to act in the 1st Defendant’s best
interests”. On the authority of Chong Hon Kuan Ivan v Levy Maurice and others
[2004] 4 SLR 801 (“Chong Hon Kuan Ivan”) (which was also cited by the Court of
Appeal in PT Sandipala Arthaputra), such a bare allegation falls far short of
disclosing any reasonable cause of action and is doomed to fail. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions (dated 18 April 2018), at para 21.

13 Counsel for the Plaintiff, Mr Wong Teck Ming (“Mr Wong”), argued that the
Contested Amendment was material to defining the real questions in issue
between the Plaintiff and the Defendants, and that it would be in the
interests of justice to have all facts, details and causes of action pleaded
and tried at the trial (citing Wright Norman and another v Overseas-Chinese
Banking Corp Ltd [1993] 3 SLR(R) 640 (“Wright Norman”)). Mr Wong further
contended that the Contested Amendment had sufficiently pleaded the cause of
action for inducement of breach of contract. This was because it was accepted
by the parties that the Tenancy Agreement was a valid and binding contract
between the Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant, and that the 2nd Defendant was
fully aware of the existence of the Tenancy Agreement. There were also strong
grounds for inferring that the 2nd Defendant was the sole decision-maker and
wielded control and influence over the 1st Defendant’s operations, including
whether the 1st Defendant should release funds to the Plaintiff to settle
accrued rental under the Tenancy Agreement. In Mr Wong’s view, it would be
“extremely unbelievable” for the 2nd Defendant to take the position that he
was not in charge of the 1st Defendant’s decisions, management and day-to-day
operations. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions (dated 18 April 2018), at para 27.

In the circumstances, the Contested Amendment disclosed a cause of action that
was “reasonably sound with a probable, if not high, chance of success”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions (dated 18 April 2018), at para 29.

Decision

14 The Contested Amendment is the Plaintiff’s attempt to introduce a new cause
of action that a director (viz, the 2nd Defendant) is liable in tort for
inducing his company (viz, the 1st Defendant) to breach its contract with the
Plaintiff. The onus is therefore on the Plaintiff to demonstrate that the
cause of action has been sufficiently pleaded in his proposed amendment. If
the amendment discloses no reasonable cause of action, it should not be
allowed (see Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin at [4]).

15 Chong Hon Kuan Ivan provides instructive guidance on the sufficiency of
pleadings in the specific context of pleading that a director had acted
outside the scope of his office (which is, in itself, a key element of
demonstrating that the director ought to be personally liable for the tort of
inducing the company’s breach of contract). In that case, the court was faced
with a proposed amendment to the statement of claim to plead that the
defendant-directors had, with “the sole or predominant intention” of injuring
the plaintiff, induced the company to terminate the plaintiff’s employment.
The plaintiff had purported to particularise this claim by alleging that the
defendant-directors had acted “outside the scope of their office or
employment”, in view that (a) they had reached an agreement on certain
specific dates to procure the termination of the plaintiff’s employment; and
(b) prior to a certain board meeting, two or more of the defendant-directors
had agreed to terminate the plaintiff’s contract, with one of them informing
the plaintiff that he would be dismissed if he refused to accept a certain
settlement proposal. The court found that the allegations that the defendant-
directors’ conduct was outside the scope of their office were “mainly bare
allegations” (Chong Hon Kuan Ivan at [45]). For instance, the reference to the
refusal to accept the settlement proposal was not, without more, outside the
scope of office of a director of the company (Chong Hon Kuan Ivan at [45]). In
the circumstances, the court disallowed the proposed amendments.

16 In my view, the Contested Amendment does not disclose a reasonable cause of
action, for two reasons.

17 First, the Contested Amendment contained only a vague allusion to the fact
that the 2nd Defendant “did not genuinely and honestly endeavour to act in the
1st Defendant’s best interests”. No particulars were furnished as to how the
2nd Defendant can be said to have breached any of his personal legal duties to
the 1st Defendant, in particular, in relation to the payment of rent. The
Contested Amendment therefore provided even less detail than the proposed
amendments that had been rejected in Chong Hon Kuan Ivan. While Mr Wong argued
that the 2nd Defendant was in all likelihood in charge of the 1st Defendant’s
decisions, management and day-to-day operations (see [13] above), these did
not – without more – mean that the 2nd Defendant had acted outside the scope
of his office as a director of the 1st Defendant.

18 Second, the Plaintiff’s allegation that the 2nd Defendant had induced the
contractual breach for “personal gain” is pleaded generally and without any
detail. When queried on what “personal gain” was being referred to, Mr Wong
explained that the “personal gain” was the benefit that the 2nd Defendant
enjoyed by staying “rent-free” on the Premises without incurring liability for
breach of contract (which would be incurred only by the 1st Defendant, as a
separate legal entity). I make three observation on this point.

(a) It appears that the reference to “personal gain” was meant to go towards
demonstrating that the 2nd Defendant had intended to interfere with the
performance of the Tenancy Agreement (which is the second element for
establishing tortious liability for inducement of breach of contract pursuant
to Tribune Investment Trust Inc – see [11] above). If so, the alleged
“personal gain” should be pleaded in greater detail.

(b) It is unclear as to how the “rent-free” stay on the Premises was a
“personal gain” to the 2nd Defendant. Given that the Plaintiff has pleaded
that the Premises was used inter alia as “a home office of the 2nd Defendant”,
6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 3.

it appears prima facie that the “gain” from the breach of contract, if any,
was to both Defendants.

(c) The Plaintiff’s intended meaning of “personal gain” appears to be too
broad, as it would potentially apply in every case concerning a company with a
sole director and shareholder. On the Plaintiff’s argument, wherever such a
company breaches a contract, the director should be considered to have
intended to interfere with the performance of the contract in question. This
is because the company would have incurred liability for contractual breach,
while the director would have enjoyed the benefits flowing from such breach
without incurring any accompanying liability. If such an allegation of
“personal gain” were sufficient to establish a director’s intentions in
inducing contractual breaches by his company, it would severely weaken the
protection afforded by the principle in Said v Butt.

19 I therefore disallow the Contested Amendment on the basis that it fails to
disclose a reasonable cause of action.

Whether abuse of process

20 My finding in the preceding section is sufficient, in and of itself, to
dispose of the Application. However, as Mr Koh had fleshed out written
arguments in relation to abuse of process, I turn to consider the issue of
whether the addition of the Contested Amendment was an unjustifiable decision
to “litigate incrementally” which amounted to an abuse of process.

Parties’ Arguments

21 In this regard, Mr Koh contended that the Contested Amendment amounted to
an abuse of process for three reasons:

(a) First, the Contested Amendment was, in effect, the Plaintiff’s attempt to
seek a “second bite at the cherry”, and such amendments should not be allowed
(citing Asia Business Forum Pte Ltd v Long Ai Sin [2004] 2 SLR(R) 173 (“Asia
Business Forum”)). For one-and-a-half years, the Plaintiff had pursued the
claim for unpaid rent and interim payment solely against the 1st Defendant. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

2nd Defendant’s written submissions, at para 26(a) and (b).

It was only following the 1st Defendant’s voluntary winding up that the
Plaintiff attempted to “circumvent the insolvency regime” by pursuing the
unpaid rent claim against the 2nd Defendant, when the 2nd Defendant was not
himself a party to the Tenancy Agreement. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

2nd Defendant’s written submissions, at para 26(d).

The Plaintiff was therefore seeking to introduce the issue of unpaid rent in
another form to be “re-litigated” between the 2nd Defendant and himself. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

2nd Defendant’s written submissions, at paras 14 and 27.

(b) Second, it was an abuse of process to litigate incrementally, unless the
decision to do so is reasonable and bona fide (citing Antariksa Logistics Pte
Ltd and others v Nurdian Cuaca and others [2017] SGHC 60 (“Antariksa”)). In
this regard, the Plaintiff had provided no satisfactory justification for why
he chose to litigate the issue of unpaid rent incrementally – first against
the 1st Defendant, and only now against the 2nd Defendant. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

2nd Defendant’s written submissions, at para 28.

(c) Third, the Contested Amendment was based on a claim that the Plaintiff,
exercising reasonable diligence, might have brought forward earlier (citing
Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and others [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 at [51]). The fact
that Plaintiff’s present counsel might have advised him differently from the
Plaintiff’s previous counsel was not sufficient to justify belatedly
introducing a new cause of action. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

2nd Defendant’s written submissions, at para 29.

22 Mr Wong contended that the Contested Amendment did not cause any unfairness
or prejudice to the Defendants which could not be compensated by costs. This
was because the Contested Amendment arose from substantially the same facts
that have already been pleaded. He further argued that while the ground for
the new claim existed since the commencement of the present suit, this cause
of action was being introduced pursuant to a “completely fresh study” of the
suit by Plaintiff’s present counsel, who had taken over conduct of the matter
only in November 2017. The Plaintiff should not be precluded from bringing the
claim as a means of punishment for his errors or the errors of his solicitors
(citing Wright Norman at [25]). While delay has been occasioned, delay per se
did not amount to prejudice or injustice to the 2nd Defendant (citing Review
Publishing Co Ltd and another v Lee Hsien Loong and another appeal [2010] 1
SLR 52 at [114]).

Decision

23 In my view, the Contested Amendment does not amount to an abuse of process.
I make four observations in this regard.

24 First, the Contested Amendment was not a second bite at the cherry. This is
borne out by an examination of the decision (viz, Asia Business Forum) cited
by Mr Koh for the “second bite” argument.

(a) In Asia Business Forum, the amendments to pleadings were sought to be made
at the appeal stage, after a full trial on the merits of the claims had been
concluded. Even at such a late stage, the Court of Appeal recognised that
amendments may be allowed post-judgment if there were sufficiently strong
grounds to justify such amendments (Asia Business Forum at [12]). However, as
the amendments in question would alter the premises of the claims that had
been tried by the court below, allowing the amendments would render the trial
court’s findings altogether “immaterial” (Asia Business Forum at [16]). This
would “[deprive the Court of Appeal] of the benefits of the opinion of the
court below” and require the Court of Appeal to “examine the claim almost from
scratch” (Asia Business Forum at [16]). It was in these circumstances that the
Court of Appeal regarded the amendments as a “clear case of… seeking a second
bite at the cherry” (Asia Business Forum at [19]).

(b) In contrast, in the present case, affidavits of evidence-in-chief have yet
to be drafted or exchanged, and the present suit has yet to be set down and
fixed for trial. The cherry has not, in a manner of speaking, been bitten at
all; it follows that the Contested Amendment would not constitute a second
bite at the cherry.

(c) For the avoidance of doubt, the withdrawal of the Earlier Amendment
Application also cannot be considered the first bite at the cherry, since the
application was withdrawn before its merits were determined (see [7] above).

25 Second, the Contested Amendment was not an unjustifiable attempt at
“incremental litigation”. As Mr Koh relied entirely on Antariksa as a basis
for the “incremental litigation” argument, it is necessary to examine
Antariksa in greater detail. The key points of relevance for present purposes
may be summarised as follows:

(a) In assessing the propriety of incremental litigation, what is required is
a “broad, merits-based judgment”, with an “intense focus on the facts of the
case” (Antariksa at [100]).

(b) As a general rule, a litigant ought not to be deprived of an opportunity
to litigate a bona fide claim or of his autonomy in deciding when, how and
against whom he wishes to bring such a claim, although such autonomy is
subject to the following limits (Antariksa at [101]–[104]):

(i) The decision to bring claims incrementally must be both reasonable and
bona fide. The failure to bring the later claims in an earlier set of
proceedings should not be due to negligence or inadvertence. Rather, the
decision should be deliberate, reasoned, and sensible (from both commercial
and practical perspectives), and should be sufficient to override the
competing public interest in economy of litigation.

(ii) The incremental litigation must not undermine one of the aims of the
extended doctrine of res judicata, viz, to avoid bringing the justice system
into disrepute. As such, incremental litigation should not result in the
duplicative determination of the same underlying issues of fact, as this would
give rise to the possibility of inconsistent judgments between different
courts examining the same matter.

(c) It must be kept in mind that the above propositions were made in the
context of incremental litigation being brought where earlier proceedings,
including appeals therefrom, had already been concluded. Indeed, when setting
out the requirements of reasonableness and bona fides, the Court expressly
referred to a “failure to bring the later claims in an earlier set of
proceedings” (emphasis added), and the need to weigh the reasons for the
amendment against the “competing public interest consideration of economy of
litigation” (Antariksa at [102]). In relation to the concerns about
duplicative determination of issues and the possibility of inconsistent
judgments, these stem from the extended doctrine of res judicata, which is a
doctrine aimed at precluding the bringing of litigation in relation to a
matter which properly belonged to the subject of earlier litigation. Against
this backdrop, the limits on a party’s autonomy to pursue “incremental
litigation” as identified in Antariksa ought to feature less prominently, if
at all, in assessing the propriety of an amendment brought prior to any trial
or adjudication of the dispute at hand.

(d) In the present case, there has been no earlier trial or adjudication of
matters relating to the dispute at hand, where the new claim could arguably
have been litigated. There is no risk whatsoever of inconsistent judgments,
given that the merits of the initial claims have yet to be determined. Indeed,
given that affidavits of evidence-in-chief have yet to be drafted or
exchanged, and the present suit has yet to be set down and fixed for trial, it
is difficult to see how there can be any concerns relating to “re-litigation”
or “incremental litigation”.

26 Third, there is no rule against trying to recover a single set of losses
from one defendant, and to sue other defendants only if the initial action
failed (Antariksa at [136]). Indeed, in Antariksa, the court emphasised that
this issue did not affect its decision on whether the amendments in question
amounted to an abuse of process, emphasising that an action “cannot be abusive
on this ground alone” (Antariksa at [136]). A fortiori, in view that the
Contested Amendments are being brought even before the Plaintiff’s attempt to
recover loss from the 1st Defendant has been tried and adjudicated upon, the
Contested Amendment cannot be considered abusive on this ground. On a related
note, any liability found under the Contested Amendment would be in relation
to the 2nd Defendant’s personal liability for inducing the 1st Defendant’s
breach of contract; as such, I could not see how the Contested Amendment
amounted to an attempt to “circumvent the insolvency regime”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

2nd Defendant’s written submissions, at para 26(d).

27 Finally, I acknowledge Mr Koh’s point that a change of counsel does not
provide a carte blanche for new causes of action to be added. However, whether
such amendment introducing a new cause of action is brought about by a change
of counsel looking afresh at the case should rarely be determinative on its
own. Of course, where the introduction of a new cause of action is sought very
late in the day or only after the trial, a change of counsel would not be
sufficient to justify allowing such an amendment (see, eg, Asia Business Forum
at [19], where the amendment was sought post-trial). This is not a standalone
principle, but rather, part of the larger principle that whether an amendment
ought to be allowed depends on all the circumstances of the case. In the
present case, the Contested Amendment cannot be said to be brought late in the
day (see [25(d)] above); against this backdrop, the fact that it has been
brought only after the Plaintiff’s present counsel had taken over conduct of
the matter does not assist in determining whether the amendment is an abuse of
process.

28 For the foregoing reasons, I find that the Contested Amendment does not
amount to an abuse of process.

Conclusion

29 I therefore disallow the Contested Amendment as it discloses no reasonable
cause of action. The remaining amendments are allowed in view that the 2nd
Defendant has not objected to these. I will hear parties on costs.

Justin Yeo  
Assistant Registrar

Mr Wong Teck Ming (RHTLaw Taylor Wessing LLP)  
for the Plaintiff;  
Mr Koh Junxiang and Ms Kam Kai Qi (Clasis LLC)  
for the 2nd Defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

