Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 226

Suit No 89 of 2018

(Summons No 1135 of 2018)

Between

(1)| Tang Ying  
---|---  
(2)| Bai Jiaming  
(3)| Liu Jianjian  
(4)| Zhong Zijun  
(5)| Tan See Hwa  
(6)| Chen Jiangnan  
(7)| Zhang Haibo  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Chen Mingliang  
---|---  
(2)| Niu Liming  
(3)| Furong Investments Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Injunctions] — [Mareva injunction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tang Ying and others

  

v

  

Chen Mingliang and others

[2018] SGHC 226

High Court — Suit No 89 of 2018 (Summons No 1135 of 2018)  
Lai Siu Chiu SJ  
9, 10 April 2018

12 October 2018

Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

Introduction

1 In Suit No 89 of 2018, Tang Ying (“the first plaintiff”) and six other
individuals (collectively all seven plaintiffs are referred to as “the
plaintiffs”) sued Chen Mingliang (“the first defendant”), Niu Liming (“the
second defendant”) and a Singapore company Furong Investments Pte Ltd
(“Furong”) (collectively “the defendants”) for, inter alia, (i)
misrepresentation, (ii) breach of fiduciary duties and (iii) conspiracy in
relation to certain investments.

2 In Summons No 499 of 2018 (“the injunction application”), the plaintiffs
applied to court for a Mareva injunction and ancillary orders, against the
first defendant and Furong in the amount of US$2.44m. The injunction
application was heard and granted by this court on 29 January 2018 (this order
is referred to as “the injunction order”).

3 On 6 March 2018, by way of Summons No 1135 of 2018 (“the Discharge
Application”), the first defendant applied, inter alia, to set aside the
injunction order and for an inquiry to be held to ascertain whether damages
are payable to the first defendant resulting from the granting of the
injunction order and, in the alternative, that a variation be granted of the
injunction order.

4 The Discharge Application was heard by this court over two days. The
injunction was not discharged but varied such that the injunction order
granted against the first defendant’s penthouse located at 539 East Coast
Road, The Sound, #05-02, Singapore 429069 (“the Sound Property”) was lifted
and in its place, the plaintiffs were granted liberty to file a caveat against
the Sound Property. The court declined to grant the other prayers sought in
the Discharge Application.

5 The first defendant then applied, by way of Summons No 1823 of 2018 (“the
Leave Application”), for leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal against this
court’s decision in the Discharge Application under s 34(2)(d) of the Supreme
Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed). This court heard and granted
the Leave Application.

6 Pursuant to the granting of the Leave Application, the first defendant filed
his Notice of Appeal (in Civil Appeal No 107 of 2018).

The facts

The plaintiffs’ case

7 The facts set out hereinafter are extracted from the affidavit of the first
plaintiff filed on 28 January 2018 (“the first plaintiff’s first affidavit”)
in support of the injunction application. All the plaintiffs are mainland
Chinese nationals, except for the fifth plaintiff who is a Malaysian and the
sixth plaintiff who is a Singapore citizen. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

See the first plaintiff’s first affidavit at pp 44, 183, 226, 260, 298, 336,
365.

The first plaintiff was a former employee of Furong and is a holder of the
bonds specified in [8(c)] below and the beneficial holder of the bonds held in
the names of Peng Shengping (“Peng”) and Tang Yizhou (“Tang”) who are her aunt
and cousin respectively. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

The first plaintiff’s first affidavit at paras 12, 15.

The first plaintiff’s investment was US$400,000 while Peng’s and Tang’s
investments were US$200,000 and US$75,000 respectively. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

The first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 14.

8 In the first plaintiff’s first affidavit, she deposed as follows:

(a) Furong is a Singapore company with the first and second defendants as the
only directors and shareholders with the former holding 75.5% and the latter
holding 24.5% of the two million issued shares. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

The first plaintiff’s first affidavit at paras 4–5.

Furong has an associate company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands
(“BVI”) called Furong Corpbond II Ltd (“Furong Corpbond”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

The first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 63.

(b) The first defendant is a mainland Chinese national while the second
defendant was born in China but is now a Singapore citizen. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

See the first plaintiff’s first affidavit at paras 6–7.

(c) Furong marketed itself as an investment and finance company and issued
several bonds including the following: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

The first plaintiff’s first affidavit at paras 9–10.

(i) the 2.5-year 12% FX Bond;

(ii) the 2-year 9.6% FX Bond; and

(iii) the 6-month 1.8% FX Bond

(collectively “the Furong Bonds”).

(d) The first plaintiff found out that a bondholder Chia Yook Chan (“CYC”)
attempted but failed to obtain early redemption on US$400,000 of her US$1m
Furong Bonds investment. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

The first plaintiff’s first affidavit at paras 17–18.

Subsequently, the second defendant confirmed to the first plaintiff that
Furong was unable to honour CYC’s early redemption request as Furong had been
cheated by its business associate Cheok Vui Huntoon Co Limited (“CVHT”)
against which a police report had been lodged and legal advice had been sought
for this matter. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

The first plaintiff’s first affidavit at paras 18, 21(a).

(e) At the first plaintiff’s meeting on 4 December 2017 with the second
defendant, he confirmed the information in [8(d)] above and requested more
time for him and the first defendant to resolve the matter. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

The first plaintiff’s first affidavit at paras 20–21(b).

(f) The first plaintiff was advised that Furong had as assets (i) two
receivables of about US$700,000 and US$2.3m respectively and (ii) a
factory/industrial building in Johor Bahru. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

The first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 21(c).

(g) The first plaintiff’s lawyers sent an email to the second defendant
requesting confirmation from him of what he had said to the first plaintiff at
the 4 December 2017 meeting but he never replied to the email. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

The first plaintiff’s first affidavit at paras 22–23.

(h) The first plaintiff, together with Peng and Tang (see [7] above), were
supposed to but did not receive coupon payments on the Furong Bonds. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

See the first plaintiff’s first affidavit at paras 24–25.

(i) On 23 January 2018, the first plaintiff’s solicitors issued a redemption
notice to Furong for all the Furong Bonds she held (together with those held
in the names of her aunt and cousin) but there was neither response nor
payment from Furong. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

See the first plaintiff’s first affidavit at paras 26–27.

9 In regard to the plaintiffs’ claim based on misrepresentation, the first
plaintiff made the following allegations:

(a) When she worked for Furong, she was aware that the company held many
seminars at which the second defendant spoke and which were attended by
members of the public. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

The first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 28.

The second defendant represented that the Furong Bonds were guaranteed in
terms of capital and coupon payments. Similar assurance was given to her and
her colleagues at Furong. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

See the first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 29.

(b) She and everyone else knew that the first defendant was the majority
shareholder of Furong and that the second defendant listened to and acted on
the first defendant’s instructions. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

The first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 30.

(c) The first and second defendants as Furong’s directors prepared
pamphlets/facts sheets on the Furong Bonds and these were handed out to
potential investors at seminars and private meetings to entice investors to
purchase the Furong Bonds. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

The first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 31.

The material handed to investors represented that all three Furong Bonds in
[8(c)] above were capital guaranteed. So too did the information on Furong’s
website. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

The first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 33.

10 The first plaintiff subsequently discovered from Furong’s initial
Investment Memorandum (“the First Memorandum”) that set out the terms of the
Furong Bonds subscription that the representation that the Furong Bonds were
capital guaranteed was untrue. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

See the first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 35.

In fact, a clause in the First Memorandum states:

In the event that CVHT does not make the payments of the Closing Amount,
[Furong] will not be obliged to redeem the note. In the event that the Closing
Amount is unrecoverable from CVHT by [Furong], [Furong’s] obligation to redeem
the Investment Bond shall cease.

(This clause is referred to as “the default clause”).

11 Indeed, Furong’s solicitors’ letter dated 29 November 2017 to CYC (see
[8(d)] above) relied on the default clause to deny liability. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

The first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 36.

Separately, Furong wrote to the fifth plaintiff on 26 December 2017 to deny
liability, relying on the default clause. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

The first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 37.

12 The first plaintiff deposed that the plaintiffs would not have purchased
the Furong Bonds if the products were not capital guaranteed as she/they
wanted a safe investment. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

See the first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 39.

In that regard, she had relied on the representations made by the first and
second defendants as well as Furong. To market the Furong Bonds, the First
Memorandum as well as the first and second defendants represented to the
world, inter alia, that Furong worked with highly sophisticated and reputable
global finance and/or trading houses including CVHT. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

See the first plaintiff’s first affidavit at paras 40, 42.

They said CVHT was founded by a group of veteran Wall Street traders and
focused mainly on foreign exchange markets in major currencies, including the
Euro, the US dollar and the Japanese Yen, globally. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

See the first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 41.

They further represented that CVHT’s Hong Kong office was a one-stop data
analysis, wealth management, investment and consultation institute which aimed
to generate better potential returns in all market scenarios.

13 After the default in payment by Furong, the first plaintiff instructed her
solicitors to look into the audited accounts of Furong. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

The first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 47.

She then discovered that Furong was a limited exempt company and did not have
to file audited accounts. When her solicitors approached the company’s alleged
auditors, they were told (in a letter dated 15 January 2018) that the latter
were not and had never acted as Furong’s auditors. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

The first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 48.

14 The first plaintiff deposed that when she obtained a copy of the police
report mentioned in [8(d)] above, she found it highly suspicious that the
second defendant lodged the police report on 22 November 2017, just two days
after CYC submitted her request for early redemption of the Furong Bonds. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

See the first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 54.

Further, the police report was made five months after CVHT’s default in June
2017. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

See the first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 55.

The first plaintiff believed the delay suggested that the second defendant
made the police report only as an afterthought to placate CYC and other Furong
bondholders. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

See the first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 57.

15 Despite knowing of CVHT’s default in June 2017, the second defendant, as
the first plaintiff alleged, still requested her and other Furong employees to
sell the Furong Bonds. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

The first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 58.

That was why the third and fifth plaintiffs bought Furong’s two-year bonds on
5 June 2017 and 8 June 2017 for which the second defendant signed a fund
transfer form to CVHT’s entity Blackwell Global Investments Limited for the
subscription moneys paid by the two plaintiffs. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

See the first plaintiff’s first affidavit at paras 58–59.

Subsequently, the first plaintiff discovered that the bank account to which
the second defendant purportedly transferred the third and fifth plaintiffs’
subscription moneys was non-existent or fake.

16 The first plaintiff further discovered that Furong and Furong Corpbond (see
[8(a)] above) had entered into a loan facility to lend up to $20m (“the N
loan”) to a Singapore listed company Nutryfarm International Limited
(“Nutryfarm”), according to Nutryfarm’s announcement made on 30 October 2017
to Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX”). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

See the first plaintiff’s first affidavit at paras 63–64.

17 When SGX queried Nutryfarm on the N loan, Nutryfarm explained that the sole
shareholder of Furong Corpbond is the second defendant while he and the first
defendant are directors and the N loan is managed for Furong Corpbond by
Furong. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

See the first plaintiff’s first affidavit at p 459.

18 On 7 December 2017, the solicitors of the first defendant with a team of
computer forensic specialists seized all the documents, laptops, etc, from the
office of Furong without notice. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

See the first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 70.

The first plaintiff was then still an employee of Furong; she alleged she was
made to delete all personal data from and surrender her work laptop. The first
plaintiff was then asked to leave Furong’s office. The second defendant was
removed as the chief executive officer of Furong. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

The first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 72.

Subsequently, the first plaintiff was told to stop reporting for work and on
15 December 2017, her employment was terminated by Furong along with the
employment of other staff of Furong. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

The first plaintiff’s first affidavit at paras 71, 73.

She later discovered that Furong had vacated its office and ceased operations.

19 The first plaintiff deposed the injunction application was prompted by her
discovery on 24 January 2018 of advertisements to sell The Sound Property. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

See the first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 82.

The advertisements were all placed online by a real estate agent called Ginger
Jiang. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

See the first plaintiff’s first affidavit at pp 473–485.

The first plaintiff feared that if the first defendant sold The Sound
Property, he could easily hide and/or transfer the sale proceeds beyond the
reach of the plaintiffs, being a foreigner and a mainland Chinese national. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

See the first plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 79.

The first defendant’s case

20 The first defendant filed the Discharge Application shortly after the
injunction order was granted. In support thereof, the first defendant filed an
affidavit on 6 March 2018 (“the first defendant’s affidavit”) in which he
deposed and/or alleged:

(a) the first plaintiff and the second defendant used the injunction order for
a collateral purpose – as a concerted strategy to (i) distract and obstruct
Furong and the first defendant from conducting investigations into their
wrongdoings and (ii) deflect their liability onto Furong and him; 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at paras 5.1, 6.

(b) the first plaintiff had failed to make full and frank disclosure of
material facts in her supporting affidavit for the injunction application, ie,
the first plaintiff’s first affidavit; 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

The first defendant’s affidavit at para 5.2.

(c) there was no arguable case against the first defendant; 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 5.3.

and

(d) there was no real risk that the first defendant would dissipate his
assets. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 5.4.

21 The first defendant elaborated on [20(a)] above as follows:

(a) The second defendant had filed a winding-up petition against Furong on 28
December 2017 in Companies Winding Up No 265 of 2017 (“the winding-up
proceedings”) and it was followed by the injunction application filed on 28
January 2018. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at paras 3, 8.

These were also shortly after the second defendant and the first plaintiff
were dismissed by Furong on 7 December 2017 and 15 December 2017 respectively.
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

The first defendant’s affidavit at para 8.

The injunction application was also filed after the first defendant filed on
18 January 2018 his application in Summons No 321 of 2018 in the winding-up
proceedings for an extension of time to file his response affidavit – he
intended to reveal the wrongdoings of the second defendant.

(b) The first defendant questioned why the first plaintiff did not similarly
apply for a Mareva injunction against the second defendant who had been
running the operations of Furong until his services were terminated on 7
December 2017. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 9.1.

Further, the first plaintiff did not serve the writ of summons on the second
defendant until much later; the second defendant only entered an appearance to
the writ on 26 February 2018. These acts reinforced the first defendant’s
belief that the first plaintiff and the second defendant were acting in
concert.

(c) The first plaintiff’s first affidavit contained confidential documents of
Furong that should have been returned to the company when her services were
terminated. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 9.1.

Since she had signed a turnover form stating that she had no other company
documents when she left Furong, the only inference that could be drawn
therefrom was that the second defendant must have given the documents to her.
This would thus explain her cryptic statement that she “managed to obtain” the
documents without further elaborating [original emphasis omitted].

22 The first defendant then elaborated on his contention in [20(b)] above that
the first plaintiff had failed to give full and frank disclosure.

23 First, he alleged that the first plaintiff failed to disclose that she
herself had made numerous misrepresentations to buyers in regard to the terms
of the Furong Bonds, in particular that they were capital guaranteed. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 12.

In fact, as the first defendant alleged, that was how the first plaintiff had
persuaded the second to sixth plaintiffs who are her friends and/or relatives
to buy the bonds. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at paras 14, 18.

However, her affidavit was silent on who had made the representations to these
six plaintiffs. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 15.

The first plaintiff also avoided saying who had sold the Furong Bonds to the
seventh plaintiff. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 14.

The first defendant noted that the first plaintiff had deposed that as
Furong’s ex-employee, she had witnessed the company holding seminars and had
attended meetings where the second defendant represented that the Furong Bonds
were capital guaranteed. However, the second to seventh plaintiffs would not
have been privy to those representations unless the first plaintiff or the
second defendant repeated them to the former.

24 Second, the first defendant found it incredible the first plaintiff’s claim
(see [10] above) that she only discovered after Furong’s default on payment,
that the First Memorandum stated the Furong Bonds were not capital guaranteed.
53

##### Foot Note 53

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at paras 16–17.

The first defendant pointed out that as an employee who had sold the Furong
Bonds, the first plaintiff ought to have read the terms of the First
Memorandum. In fact, the first plaintiff had witnessed the declarations made
by the second, third and fourth plaintiffs that the First Memorandum had been
explained and furnished to them.

25 Third, the first plaintiff failed to disclose that she, together with the
second defendant and other employees, had amended the First Memorandum and
facts sheets of Furong without the first defendant’s knowledge or approval and
against the advice of Furong’s then lawyers Continental Law LLP
(“Continental”). 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 24.

Continental had specifically advised that the amended Memorandum (“the First
Amended Memorandum”) and facts sheets that contained the capital guarantee
provisions should not be used yet as they appeared inconsistent with the First
Memorandum and Furong might not have the resources to bear the liability of a
guarantee. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 25.5.

The first defendant alleged that the actions of the first plaintiff and the
second defendant were intended to cover their tracks so that the documentation
would be consistent with their misrepresentations. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 21.

The first defendant only discovered the duo’s misdeeds in late November 2017.
57

##### Foot Note 57

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 23.

26 The first defendant deposed that the first round of unauthorised revisions
to the First Memorandum and unauthorised representations in the facts sheets
took place between April 2016 and September 2016; 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at paras 24–25.

the second defendant and Furong employees unilaterally effected the First
Amended Memorandum in or around April/May 2016. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 25.8.

The first plaintiff was also involved in the creation of the contents on
Furong’s website which represented that the Furong Bonds were capital
guaranteed. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 25.10.

27 The first defendant also disclosed that he was informed by the chief
executive officer of CVHT namely Lee Yung-Ho (“Lee”) that the second defendant
had transferred US$1.77m of Furong’s funds that were invested in CVHT to five
accounts opened under the second defendant’s personal name. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 10.7, p 90.

Further, when Furong’s initial investment in CVHT following the first
investment agreement entered into in October 2015 (“Furong’s First Investment
Agreement”) sustained losses, the second defendant told Lee to hide them from
the first defendant. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at pp 89–90.

28 As exhibited in the first defendant’s affidavit, Lee made a statutory
declaration on 9 February 2018 (“Lee’s statutory declaration”) (at exhibit tab
7A in the first defendant’s affidavit). 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at pp 88–120.

According to Lee’s statutory declaration, Furong entered into a second
investment agreement with CVHT in August 2016 through the second defendant. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at p 89.

The second defendant had asked Lee for a ‘cut’ from the 10% interest that was
originally paid to Furong under Furong’s First Investment Agreement. Lee
agreed and paid the second defendant 2.5% of the 10% interest (“the Secret
Profit Agreement”). Lee claimed that after the second defendant pressed him,
he paid the second defendant US$27,000 in March 2017 under the Secret Profit
Agreement. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at pp 90–91.

29 The first defendant surmised (relying on the defence filed in these
proceedings on 29 March 2018 by the second defendant (“the second defendant’s
defence”)) that the first plaintiff, as part of her duties to monitor the
trading activities of Furong’s investment with CVHT, 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

See the second defendant’s defence at para 27(b).

would have known of the second defendant’s trading activities with CVHT.

30 The first defendant deposed that he discovered that in October 2016, the
second defendant had approached another law firm (“ELC”) for assistance on a
second round of unauthorised revisions to the First Memorandum (“the Second
Amended Memorandum”) to enable the terms of the Furong Bonds to “catch up”
with the misrepresentations stated in the (revised) fact sheets. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 26.

The first defendant opined it was highly suspicious of the second defendant
not to go to Continental to draft the second round of revisions, unless he had
something to hide. Thereafter the first plaintiff and other employees of
Furong proceeded to sell the bonds based on the Second Amended Memorandum
prepared by ELC. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 27.

31 The first defendant disclosed that the first plaintiff stood to gain if the
Furong Bonds were/are capital guaranteed – the bonds would be more attractive
to potential investors. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 30.

The first plaintiff could also earn more commission and bonuses in selling the
bonds. The first defendant revealed that in 2017, the first plaintiff earned
$34,011.55 in commission and another $14,788.98 in bonuses on top of her
monthly salary of $5,000 (which was increased to $5,500 in May 2017). She also
stood to gain personally from her own investment if the Furong Bonds were
capital guaranteed.

32 The first defendant alleged that the first plaintiff had failed to inform
the court that none of the bonds purchased by the plaintiffs had reached
maturity yet or that the Second Amended Memorandum with the capital guarantee
clause (cl 1) did not apply to the majority of the Furong Bonds purchased by
the plaintiffs, but only to US$900,000 of them. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 33.

This can be seen in the table below:

Name | Date of investment| Sum invested (US$)| Clause 1 present?  
---|---|---|---  
Tang* | 27/7/16| 75,000| No  
6th plaintiff| 26/8/16| 65,000| No  
Peng*| 26/8/16| 200,000| No  
7th plaintiff| 10/11/16| 1,000,000| No  
1st plaintiff | 23/11/16| 200,000| No  
1st plaintiff| 28/12/16| 200,000| Yes  
2nd plaintiff | 6/4/17| 200,000| Yes  
4th plaintiff| 2/2/17| 200,000| Yes  
3rd plaintiff | 5/6/17| 200,000| Yes  
5th plaintiff| 8/6/17| 100,000| Yes  
* Beneficially owned by the first plaintiff.  
  
33 The first defendant alleged that the first plaintiff had failed to inform
the court that all three Memoranda (ie, the First Memorandum, the First
Amended Memorandum and the Second Amended Memorandum) contained the following
non-reliance clause: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 34; see, eg, the first plaintiff’s
first affidavit at pp 51, 86.

No person has been authorized to give any information or to make any
representations other than those contained in this Memorandum in connection
with the issue or sale of the Investment Bonds and, if given or made, such
information or representations must not be relied upon as having been
authorized by the Company, the Investment Manager or any other person.

He asserted that the above clause was fatal to the plaintiffs’ case based on
misrepresentation.

34 The first defendant added that the first plaintiff had also failed to
inform the court that the Furong Bonds held by her nominee Tang and the sixth
plaintiff received interest at 2.2% per quarter instead of 1.8% per six months
as stipulated under the terms of those bonds. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at paras 35–36.

In this regard, the sixth plaintiff had received in interest US$5,720 to date
while the first plaintiff as the beneficial owner of the bonds held by Tang
received interest totalling US$6,600. The first plaintiff was also paid
commission of US$1,010 for the bonds sold to the sixth plaintiff and Tang even
though the first plaintiff beneficially owned the latter’s bonds.

35 The first defendant further questioned the quantity (US$65,000) of the
bonds sold to the sixth plaintiff by the first plaintiff as well as those
(US$75,000) bought by her nominee Tang and by the fifth plaintiff (US$100,000)
(see [32] above). 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 38.

All three Memoranda clearly stated that the bonds must be bought for not less
than US$200,000 each.

36 The first defendant accused the first plaintiff of lying in her claim that
she was shocked when she discovered that Furong and Furong Corpbond had
advanced the N loan to Nutryfarm. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at paras 39–40.

He alleged that she was fully aware of the N loan from as early as August 2017
and in fact was selling bonds for Furong to raise funds for the same including
liaising with one Mo Huan Sheng on his $2.5m investment in Furong’s 4-year
2.3% Corporate Bond II. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

See also the first defendant’s affidavit at para 40.4.

The first defendant stated he was not involved in Furong Corpbond. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 41.

37 The first defendant deposed that there was no real risk of his dissipating
his assets in any case. He pointed out that he had personally injected cash
into Furong over the years and received in return only director’s fees of
$10,000 per month; Furong owes him a sum in excess of $9m. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 49.

He continued to advance moneys to Furong including S$300,000 and US$50,000 in
October/November 2017 to ensure interest payments could still be made to
investors. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at para 50.

He also funded the company’s legal fees.

38 The first defendant questioned why the first plaintiff failed to inform the
court that he had been looking to sell the Sound Property in order to find and
move to another property, closer to his son’s school. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at paras 52, 54.

Neither did the first plaintiff disclose that the first defendant is a
permanent resident of Singapore. The first defendant referred to copies of
advertisements advertising the sale of the Sound Property exhibited in the
first plaintiff’s first affidavit (see [19] above) but which did not result in
any firm offers until 27 January 2018. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at paras 55–56; the first plaintiff’s
first affidavit at pp 473–485.

39 The first defendant’s claim in this regard was supported by an affidavit
filed by one Jiang Nina (“Jiang”), a sales director from Utopia Properties Pte
Ltd, who deposed that she brought the first defendant to see various
condominium units and landed properties in the Serangoon/Kovan area nearer to
his son’s school either to buy or to rent a property but the first defendant
found nothing suitable. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Jiang’s affidavit filed on 6 March 2018 at paras 1, 3.

(Jiang is also known as “Ginger Jiang” (see [19] above).) Jiang further
confirmed that it was on 27 January 2018 that she told the first defendant
that a buyer had offered $2,308,500 for the Sound Property which offer the
first defendant rejected in part for being too low. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Jiang’s affidavit filed on 6 March 2018 at para 5.

The reply affidavits

40 In the first plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 26 March 2018 (“the first
plaintiff’s reply affidavit”) to resist the Discharge Application, she denied
she was acting in concert with the second defendant (or anyone else) to stop
the first defendant from conducting further investigations into Furong’s
affairs. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

The first plaintiff’s reply affidavit at para 4.

She claimed that the plaintiffs were unaware of the winding-up proceedings
before they were commenced and she only learnt of those proceedings just
before the injunction application was filed. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

The first plaintiff’s reply affidavit at para 7.

41 The first plaintiff explained that she did not file an injunction
application against the second defendant because the plaintiffs did not have
evidence that showed there was a risk that he was dissipating his assets. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

The first plaintiff’s reply affidavit at para 10.

42 Although the first plaintiff reported to the second defendant at Furong,
she alleged that the first defendant was the ‘big boss’ to whom the second
defendant reported because the first defendant was the majority shareholder.
86

##### Foot Note 86

×

The first plaintiff’s reply affidavit at para 12(a).

All payments made by Furong however small had to be approved by the first
defendant and his signature was required on all of Furong’s cheques. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

The first plaintiff’s reply affidavit at para 12(b).

43 The first plaintiff added that CVHT was the first defendant’s business
contact and it was he who brought CVHT/Lee to the table to negotiate with
Furong. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

The first plaintiff’s reply affidavit at para 12(c).

In that regard, she had met Lee at least once. Lee had told her and other
employees of Furong that they should be confident of selling the Furong Bonds
because the first defendant was a man of substantial means and he was their
boss. Hence, it did not lie in the first defendant’s mouth to say that he did
not authorise and did not know (i) the contents of the facts sheets in
relation to the Furong Bonds that stated the bonds were capital guaranteed;
(ii) the representations that the Furong Bonds were capital guaranteed were on
Furong’s website; and (iii) the contents of the Memoranda given to and
accepted by Furong’s customers. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

The first plaintiff’s reply affidavit at para 13.

The Furong Bonds were sold to the public in Singapore for about a year at
least and the first plaintiff found it inconceivable that the first defendant,
as a director of Furong, did not know of and did not authorise the statements
that the Furong Bonds were capital guaranteed. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

The first plaintiff’s reply affidavit at para 14.

44 The first plaintiff noted that the first defendant was able to procure
Lee’s statutory declaration (see [28] above) in Singapore despite CVHT having
defrauded Furong. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

The first plaintiff’s reply affidavit at para 19.

She questioned why neither Furong nor the first defendant had taken legal
action against CVHT, after lodging (late) a police report. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

See the first plaintiff’s reply affidavit at paras 16, 18.

45 The first plaintiff denied she had made secret profits in selling the
Furong Bonds, other than receiving her commission and salary from Furong. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

The first plaintiff’s reply affidavit at para 21.

She explained that she could not have had a hand in altering the terms of the
Furong Bonds when she herself lost US$400,000 of her own money.

46 The first plaintiff further denied she had made unauthorised amendments to
any of the Memoranda as she had no say in their contents. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

The first plaintiff’s reply affidavit at para 25.

At most, she helped to translate or check the translation of the Chinese
portions of the documents. She deposed that at all times she acted on the
second defendant’s instructions which she believed the first defendant
sanctioned.

47 As for Nutryfarm, she disclaimed involvement in the N loan although she had
heard about it. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

The first plaintiff’s reply affidavit at paras 26–27.

She did not know the first and second defendants would incorporate Furong
Corpbond to make the N loan to Nutryfarm. She was shocked as it meant the
first and second defendants were effectively ‘ring-fencing’ Furong’s assets.

48 The first plaintiff disclosed that assets-wise, neither the first defendant
nor Furong would likely have sufficient assets to satisfy a judgment against
them, pointing out that Furong had less than $100,000 in cash while the first
defendant only had about $98,956.12 in his Singapore bank accounts and a net
value (less mortgage loan outstanding) of $942,033.01 for the Sound Property.
96

##### Foot Note 96

×

See the first plaintiff’s reply affidavit at paras 26–27.

The plaintiffs on the other hand had invested US$2.44m in the Furong Bonds.

49 In the first defendant’s affidavit filed on 3 April 2018 (“the first
defendant’s reply affidavit”), he not surprisingly denied the first
plaintiff’s allegations. He asserted there was no real risk of dissipation of
his assets and that the first plaintiff was giving the excuse that she could
not have known that he had been attempting to sell the Sound Property since
September 2017 with a view to move to a property nearer to his son’s school.
97

##### Foot Note 97

×

See the first defendant’s reply affidavit at paras 4–5.

50 The first defendant noted that in the second defendant’s defence (at paras
12(d), 21), the latter had identified the first plaintiff as one of the
persons who helped to structure, prepare and finalise the facts sheets and the
Memoranda. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

See the first defendant’s reply affidavit at para 12.

51 Contrary to the first plaintiff’s allegation that the first defendant took
no action to recover from CVHT the losses on Furong’s investment, he deposed
that after he found out about the losses in June 2017, he engaged solicitors
in Hong Kong and Singapore in August 2017 and chased Lee for payment of the
losses Lee had promised to meet in his message dated 25 June 2017. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

See the first defendant’s reply affidavit at para 15.

CVHT in fact did make one payment of US$25,000 on 31 July 2017. However,
Furong’s Hong Kong solicitors raised issues of recoverability given that CVHT
and Lee had no known assets. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

The first defendant’s reply affidavit at para 16.

The first defendant deposed that it was only when it was apparent that no
further payments were forthcoming from Lee/CVHT that he requested the second
defendant to lodge a police report in November 2017.

52 The first defendant noted that the first plaintiff had changed her tune.
From claiming in the first plaintiff’s first affidavit that she was shocked to
discover about the N loan to Nutryfarm, she had in the first plaintiff’s reply
affidavit claimed that she knew about the N loan but not that another BVI
company Furong Corpbond would be incorporated. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

The first defendant’s reply affidavit at paras 17–18.

He said that was a lie as the first plaintiff was intimately involved together
with the second defendant in putting together the documentation to be signed
by Furong Corpbond. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

See also the first defendant’s reply affidavit at para 19.

He pointed out that he was/is not a director of Furong Corpbond. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

The first defendant’s reply affidavit at para 21.

The arguments

The first defendant’s case

53 Aside from the affidavits filed by the parties, lengthy arguments were
raised at the hearing especially on behalf of the first defendant.

54 In support of the argument that the injunction order was brought for a
collateral purpose (allegedly to bring the first defendant to his knees) and
therefore ought to be discharged, counsel for the first defendant cited Art
Trend Ltd v Blue Dolphin (Pte) Ltd and others [1981–1982] SLR(R) 633 and
Bouvier, Yves Charles Edgar and another v Accent Delight International Ltd and
another and another appeal [2015] 5 SLR 558. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

The first defendant’s submissions at para 4.

55 It was submitted that the sequence of events outlined in the first
defendant’s affidavit revealed that the true aim of the injunction was to
ensure that Furong and the first defendant did not have ready access to funds
necessary to finance the investigations into the wrongdoings of the first
plaintiff and the second defendant while they were with Furong. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

The first defendant’s submissions at para 7(a).

For that reason, the plaintiffs restricted the injunction order to the first
defendant and Furong notwithstanding the clear incriminating evidence against
the second defendant. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

The first defendant’s submissions at paras 7(b), 44.

That was also the reason why the second defendant filed the winding-up
proceedings. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

The first defendant’s submissions at para 25.

56 The first defendant contended that the ongoing investigations he initiated
after the second defendant’s dismissal uncovered the latter’s scheme (in which
the first plaintiff was involved) of a wide-ranging marketing plan to
illegitimately boost the sales of the Furong Bonds by misrepresenting that the
bonds were capital guaranteed and came with guaranteed coupon payouts. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

The first defendant’s submissions at para 12.

The duo even made sure that the misrepresentations could not be dismissed as
mere sales “puff” by enshrining them in various publicity materials (including
pamphlets, facts sheets and Furong’s official website). Further, between April
2016 and January 2017, they unilaterally amended the contractual terms of the
Furong Bonds that had been previously drafted by Furong’s solicitors and
approved by the board of directors around 12 December 2015. Indeed, they made
extravagant promises on behalf of Furong which (i) the board of directors did
not authorise and (ii) were contrary to legal advice from Furong’s lawyers
Continental and (iii) contrary to the actual terms of the Furong Bonds, in
particular the default clause (see [10] above) and the non-reliance clause
(see [33] above). 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

The first defendant’s submissions at para 13.

57 The first defendant referred to the default clause. He explained that the
“Closing Amount” was defined in Section I para 1 of the unauthorised Amended
Memoranda as “the amounts payable upon the redemption or termination of the
Investment Bonds pursuant to Paragraphs 8.4 and 8.5 of Section IV,
respectively”. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

The first defendant’s submissions at para 16; see, eg, the first plaintiff’s
first affidavit at p 53.

If the “Closing Amounts” are not recovered from CVHT, Furong’s obligation to
redeem the Furong Bonds ceases. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

The first defendant’s submissions at para 17.

He submitted this was fatal to the plaintiffs’ contention that they had a good
arguable case.

58 The first defendant opined that it was both misleading and ironic that the
first plaintiff was relying on the unauthorised Amended Memoranda in which she
had a hand in producing to found her claim in misrepresentation against Furong
and the first defendant. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

The first defendant’s submissions at para 18.

59 The first defendant noted that the second defendant did not deny that the
five trading accounts (see [27] above) were opened in his name. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

The first defendant’s submissions at para 20.

The first defendant submitted there was a real risk that the second defendant
would dissipate the moneys from the Furong Bonds that had been diverted to
those five accounts. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

The first defendant’s submissions at paras 21, 40.

60 It was also submitted that the unauthorised Amended Memoranda were never
sent to the first defendant for his approval. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

The first defendant’s submissions at para 14.

He was not copied in the emails wherein the second defendant and Furong
employees were making the unauthorised amendments to the contractual documents
and promotional materials. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

The first defendant’s submissions at para 92.

The second defendant’s claims that the first defendant was kept informed by
telephone calls and WeChat conversations were not substantiated by any
evidence – because no such conversations took place. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

The first defendant’s submissions at para 14.

The first defendant pointed out that the first plaintiff failed to disclose
that he had never met any of the plaintiffs until well after they had
purchased the Furong Bonds. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

The first defendant’s submissions at para 90.

In fact, he met the first plaintiff for the first time on 29 November 2017 and
later on 7 December 2017 whilst the first and only time he met the seventh
plaintiff was in May 2017.

61 The first defendant argued that there was no urgency in applying for the
injunction order as the first plaintiff’s first affidavit in which she deposed
that her application was prompted by “the sudden closure of … Furong’s Office
and also, [the first defendant’s] sudden decision to sell [the Sound
Property]” was proved to be untrue. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

See the first defendant’s submissions at paras 27–30.

62 The first defendant cited Meespierson NV v Industrial and Commercial Bank
of Vietnam [1998] 1 SLR(R) 287 to contend that a Mareva injunction should not
be used to obtain security for a plaintiff’s claim unless there was a real
risk of the defendant dissipating his assets in order to avoid satisfying any
judgment which the plaintiff might eventually obtain. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

See the first defendant’s submissions at para 47.

“There must be some ‘solid evidence’ to substantiate the alleged risk” (per
Chao Hick Tin JA in Guan Chong Cocoa Manufacturer Sdn Bhd v Pratiwi Shipping
SA [2003] 1 SLR(R) 157 at [18]). 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

See the first defendant’s submissions at para 5(a).

Indeed, the Court of Appeal in Choy Chee Keen Collin v Public Utilities Board
[1996] 3 SLR(R) 812 at [24] held it was an abuse of process to use a Mareva
injunction to obtain security for a claim. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

See the first defendant’s submissions at para 46.

63 In lieu of discharging the injunction and to allay the first plaintiff’s
fears, the first defendant submitted that he was prepared to have the Mareva
injunction varied such that he could not dispose of the Sound Property without
giving seven days’ advance notice to the plaintiffs. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

See the first defendant’s submissions at para 99.

The plaintiffs’ case

64 Not surprisingly, the first plaintiff submitted arguments which were
contrary to the first defendant’s submissions. It serves little purpose to
rehash those arguments as they were diametrically opposite to what the first
defendant stated in his two affidavits and in his counsel’s submissions.

The decision

65 As the plaintiffs themselves submitted (at para 49 of their submissions),
“there is more than meets the eye as to the true account behind the
whereabouts of the Plaintiffs’ monies”. The court had, at the conclusion of
the hearing of the Discharge Application, said to counsel that based on the
affidavits, it was impossible for the court to determine who was speaking the
truth and who was being scammed.

66 However, what was clear to the court was the fact that neither side could
claim to be the innocent party in the entire scheme of things. This
observation will be elaborated upon below.

67 First, the court was sceptical of the first plaintiff’s claim that as an
employee of Furong at the material time (who claimed she took instructions
from the second defendant), she did not know whether any of the Furong Bonds
were/were not capital guaranteed. Her professed ignorance defied belief.

68 If indeed the first plaintiff was a party to the misrepresentation (that
the Furong Bonds were capital guaranteed when they were not) and/or she had a
hand in the unauthorised Amended Memoranda that stated the Furong Bonds were
capital guaranteed, there was no question that the injunction order should be
discharged. Injunctive relief is an equitable remedy and should be/would be
denied to the first plaintiff if she did not come to court with “clean” hands.

69 However, there was a factor in this case which the first defendant
overlooked altogether in his submissions. Assuming arguendo that the first
plaintiff came to court without “clean” hands, that only meant that the court
should deny her the injunction. Looking at the table set out earlier at [32]
above, the first plaintiff held US$400,000 bonds in her own name. She
beneficially owned the bonds (US$75,000) held in Tang’s name as well as the
US$200,000 bonds held in the name of her aunt Peng. That meant US$675,000
bonds should be deducted from the injuncted sum of US$2.44m leaving a balance
of US$1,765,000 as the claims of the second to seventh plaintiffs.

70 As counsel for the plaintiffs pointed out in his submissions, what about
the claims of the second to seventh plaintiffs? Were they to be denied interim
injunctive relief just because the first plaintiff’s hands were tainted? The
first plaintiff’s first affidavit was affirmed on her own behalf as well as on
behalf of the six other plaintiffs. Even if she was not entitled to an
injunction, there was no reason to tar the other plaintiffs with her brush.
Why should the first plaintiff’s sin of commission and/or omission be visited
on the six other plaintiffs? Nothing in the affidavits filed by the first
defendant raised one iota of complaint and/or criticism against those persons.
It would be unfair and inequitable for the court to deny the six plaintiffs an
injunction if it was justified, merely because of the first plaintiff’s
conduct.

71 Was it wrong of the court to have exercised its discretion in favour of the
plaintiffs? To answer that question the court turned to certain disquieting
aspects it had noted in the affidavits filed for the injunction application as
well as for the Discharge Application.

72 The first defendant had repeatedly claimed that he left the running of
Furong to the second defendant who left him in the dark as to what transpired
in the company. The first defendant’s professed ignorance must be seen in the
light of the following facts:

(a) Furong’s fact sheet (exhibited at pp 411–414 of the first plaintiff’s
first affidavit) referred to Furong’s 2-year 9.6% FX Bond that was released to
the general public. The fact sheet clearly stated this bond was capital
guaranteed. It was hard to believe that the first defendant would not be aware
of such a fact sheet where similar information was posted on Furong’s website
too. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

The first plaintiff’s first affidavit at pp 424–425.

(b) The first defendant’s claim that the second defendant with the assistance
of the first plaintiff had made unauthorised amendments to the First
Memorandum must be seen in the light of the fact that although the email from
Continental dated 26 April 2016 to Furong advised against the use of the
capital guarantee provision (due to Furong’s possible inability to honour the
guarantee), 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

The first defendant’s affidavit at para 25.5.1.

Continental did not make any comment or advise against the use of the
following cl 3 (as part of tracked changes forwarded by Continental to Furong
for approval in Furong’s revised fact sheet): 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at pp 349, 359.

3\. Safe

Investors can enjoy a peace of mind with guaranteed capital and returns upon
maturity. As the funds mainly aims to generate returns from Foreign exchange
spread and commission earnings, the majority of invested capital will not be
subjected to market/foreign exchange risk.

There was no evidence that the first plaintiff (or the second defendant) had
anything to do with the amendments proposed by Continental. Emails between 27
April 2016 and 3 May 2016 exchanged between Damien Chin the then manager of
Furong and the printers DL Ideas Pte Ltd showed that neither the first
plaintiff not the second defendant was responsible for the printing of the
fact sheet that was revised by Continental. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

See the first defendant’s affidavit at pp 372–377.

(c) The first defendant’s disclaimer of involvement in Furong Corpbond (see
[52] above) was untrue as he gave his consent to act as one of its two
directors (the other director being the second defendant) and he also signed
the form for Furong Corpbond to open an account with The Central Depository
(Pte) Limited. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

See the second defendant’s affidavit filed on 29 March 2018 in the winding-up
proceedings at pp 208–209.

The fact that he may have requested the second defendant to remove his name
subsequently does not detract from the fact that he was very much aware of
Furong Corpbond’s existence and that Furong was involved with Furong Corpbond.

73 What the court found highly suspicious was the first defendant’s contention
that he had taken action against CVHT and Lee for Furong’s losses caused by
CVHT. According to the first defendant (see [51] above), he had consulted Hong
Kong solicitors by early August 2017 once he learnt of the losses in June
2017. In the first plaintiff’s reply affidavit, she had exhibited (at TY-18) a
copy of the solicitors’ bill from King & Wood Mallesons (“KWM”) dated 6
February 2018 for services rendered to Furong between 24 November 2017 and 26
January 2018. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

See the first plaintiff’s reply affidavit at pp 28–31.

Item 8 of the bill’s breakdown showed that the solicitor(s) accompanied the
client to Wan Chai police station on or about 1 December 2017. KWM’s entire
services related to the making of the police report, nothing more. No civil
proceedings were commenced against CVHT in Hong Kong.

74 The Wan Chai police report (at tab 10 of the first defendant’s affidavit)
made on 22 November 2017 was barely legible. The bill of KWM referred to
accompanying the client to the police station on or about 1 December 2017.
That must be a reference to the date when a supplemental police report was
made by the second defendant (according to the first defendant’s affidavit).
In the second defendant’s affidavit (at pp 333–334) filed on 29 March 2018 in
the winding-up proceedings (“the winding-up affidavit”), it was noted that the
Wan Chai police authorities (via email) had on 23 January 2018 requested of
the second defendant to get the first defendant to sign a police report
without which police investigations could not commence. The request was
ignored by the first defendant. Hence, nothing came out of the police
report(s) that the first defendant deposed he had requested the second
defendant to lodge in Hong Kong.

75 I should add that the first defendant’s reply affidavit stated that a Hong
Kong firm Oldham, Li & Nie Lawyers (“OLN”) was initially consulted; 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

First defendant’s reply affidavit at para 15.2.

that statement is neither here nor there. He had exhibited to that reply
affidavit a letter from OLN dated 10 August 2017 addressed to Furong. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

See first defendant’s reply affidavit at p 38.

It was not countersigned to confirm OLN’s services had even been accepted
while its bill was totally redacted – the court had no clue what services if
any were provided by OLN and if they related to CVHT, what was the
nature/scope of those services. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

See first defendant’s reply affidavit at p 42.

Similarly, the Warrant to Act of Ho & Wee LLP (the alleged Singapore
solicitors) exhibited in the same affidavit was not even dated let alone
signed. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

See first defendant’s reply affidavit at para 15.4, p 45.

Closer scrutiny of those exhibits showed they did not bear out what the first
defendant’s reply affidavit claimed at para 15.

76 As the first plaintiff said, it was strange that the first defendant could
procure Lee’s statutory declaration in Singapore on 9 February 2018 (see [28]
above) after Furong had presumably made a complaint against Lee in Taiwan.
(Lee’s statutory declaration gave a Taiwanese address.) The Taiwanese
authorities appeared to have issued a criminal summons requiring Lee to attend
at a police station on 22 June 2016 (exhibited at p 8 of Khoo Shuzhen Jolyn’s
affidavit filed on 4 April 2018). The court found it suspicious that Lee would
be so co-operative with the first defendant when possible criminal proceedings
in Taiwan were hanging over Lee’s head.

77 Even more perplexing was the fact that Lee had admitted his
wrongdoing/responsibility in a WeChat message to the first and second
defendants and a third person on 25 June 2017 (at p 35 of the first
defendant’s reply affidavit). It was (in the words of counsel for the
plaintiffs) “an unequivocal admission of liability”. Yet, neither the first
defendant nor the Furong have to date taken action and/or proceedings to
recover Furong’s losses from CVHT and/or Lee. Such inaction lent credence to
the allegation by the second defendant in para 86 of the winding-up affidavit
that the first defendant and Lee were in collusion with one another.

Conclusion

78 This was a case where the court had to apply the classic “balance of
convenience” test laid down by the UK House of Lords in American Cyanamid Co v
Ethicon Ltd [1975] AC 396 (“American Cyanamid.”).

79 Undoubtedly, the second test in American Cyanamid was satisfied in this
case – there was indeed a serious question to be tried. On the one hand, the
plaintiffs’ statement of claim accused the defendants of making
misrepresentations, breaching their fiduciary duties and conspiring to injure
the plaintiffs by unlawful means. On the other hand, in the separate defences
filed by the first defendant and Furong, they pushed the blame for the default
on the Furong Bonds to the second defendant and the first plaintiff,
contending that there was no case against them for misrepresentation or breach
of fiduciary duties. Furong also filed a counterclaim against the first
plaintiff and the second defendant.

80 The second defendant’s defence generally denied he had made any
misrepresentations or breached his fiduciary duties to Furong or that he had
conspired to injure the plaintiffs, raising again a serious question to be
tried.

81 Applying the balance of convenience test, the court did not discharge but
varied the injunction order such that the injunction order granted against the
Sound Property was lifted. In its place, the court granted the plaintiffs
leave to lodge a caveat against the Sound Property instead of accepting the
first defendant’s offer (see [63] above) to inform the plaintiffs with seven
days’ advance notice should he dispose of the Sound Property. In view of the
questionable nature (see [72]–[77] above) of some of the actions of the first
defendant and/or of some documents and/or events that transpired, the court
was wary of accepting the first defendant’s word. A caveat lodged by the
plaintiffs would undoubtedly alert them should the first defendant sell the
Sound Property.

82 If the second to seventh plaintiffs were not allowed to file the caveat in
place of the injunction the court lifted, grave injustice may be caused to
them, as they were not party to any of the egregious actions (if true) that
the first defendant had levelled against the first plaintiff. The first
defendant would have dissipated all the assets within jurisdiction if he sold
the Sound Property without the plaintiffs’ knowledge. The court was of the
view that varying the injunction order by replacing the injunction in respect
of the Sound Property with a caveat would result in the lowest risk of
injustice to all parties concerned.

Lai Siu Chiu  
Senior Judge

Yeo Lai Hock, Nichol, Qua Bi Qi and Ong Tai Tiong Desmond

(JLC Advisors LLP) for the plaintiffs;  
Thio Ying Ying Nee Lau and Khoo Shuzhen, Jolyn  
(Kelvin Chia Partnership) for the first defendant;  
Lam Kuet Keng Steven John (Templars Law LLC)

for the second defendant on watching brief;  
Tien De Ming, Grismond and Ivan Ng (Infinitus Law Corporation)

for the third defendant on watching brief.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

