Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 164

Suit No 28 of 2012

Between

1\. Long Well Group Limited

2\. PT Citrabumi Sacna

3\. Private Energy Pte Ltd

4\. First Power International Limited

… Plaintiffs

And

1\. Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft

2\. Commerz Asset Management Asia Pacific Pte Ltd

3\. Commerzbank Asset Management Asia Ltd

4\. Commerz Asia Best SPC

… Defendants

judgment

[Civil procedure] — [Costs] — [Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Long Well Group Ltd and others

  
v

  
Commerzbank A

G and others

[2018] SGHC 164

High Court —Suit No 28 of 2012  
Choo Han Teck J  
26 March, 7 May 2018

23 July 2018 Judgment reserved

Choo Han Teck J:

1 On 16 March 2018 I delivered my judgment in respect of the substantive
matters in this suit and ordered costs to follow the event, to be taxed if not
agreed. On 21 March 2018, counsel for the defendants requested for leave to
make further arguments before me, on the issue of costs.

2 The main contention of the defendants’ counsel is that costs should not
follow the event in the present case because the plaintiffs “failed on each
and every one of the numerous issues raised, save for the claim for breach of
contract”. According to the defendants’ counsel, the trial would have been
shorter and the parties would have had fewer factual and legal issues to deal
with had the plaintiffs not raised so many issues at trial. Counsel further
argues that the quantum claimed by the plaintiffs, $419,978.82, is excessive.

3 In response, counsel for the plaintiffs submits that the request for further
arguments is procedurally defective for two reasons. First, the request for
further arguments does not comply with paragraph 82(1)(d) of the Supreme Court
Practice Directions (“Practice Directions”), in that it does not state the law
under which the request is made, to the prejudice of the plaintiffs. Second, s
28B of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”)
only allows for further arguments “after any hearing other than a trial of an
action”. In the present case, there was a trial of an action. Counsel for the
plaintiffs thus submits that the appropriate recourse is an appeal.
Alternatively, counsel for the plaintiffs submits that the further arguments
should be rejected; ie, costs should follow the event. Costs should not follow
the event only where the issues raised were unnecessary or unreasonable, and
protracted the trial. Here, the plaintiffs have substantially succeeded in
their claims, having been awarded more than 80% of the claimed amount.
Further, counsel for the plaintiffs avers that the same facts raised at trial
would have been raised even if the plaintiffs’ claim was confined to the claim
which ultimately proved successful.

4 I will deal first with the plaintiffs’ first procedural objection. I agree
that the defendants did not, in their request for further arguments, comply
with paragraph 82(1)(d) of the Practice Directions. Although in their reply
submissions the defendants had stated that their request for further arguments
was made in reliance on the court’s inherent jurisdiction, I am of the view
that where a clear rule applies, as in this case, there is no basis for this
court to ignore the non-compliance. On this ground alone I would dismiss the
defendants’ application, but their application has no merit in substance
either and so, for completeness, I shall explain why that is so.

5 On the merits, there is no reason to change my order for costs to follow the
event. I do not think that it was unreasonable for the plaintiffs to have
raised the claims which were ultimately unsuccessful. Although, on the
defendants’ approach of counting the number of issues on which the plaintiffs
have failed, the plaintiffs failed on more issues than it has succeeded, the
issue on which the plaintiffs have succeeded is not an insignificant issue.
The plaintiffs had succeeded in more than 80% of the amount claimed.

6 Although the power to hear further arguments under s 28B of the SCJA may be
limited to hearings other than a trial of an action, the same does not apply
to the court’s inherent jurisdiction. Both counsel referred me to the case of
Thomson Plaza (Pte) Ltd v Liquidators of Yaohan Department Store Singapore Pte
Ltd (in liquidation) [2001] 2 SLR(R) 246 (“Thomson Plaza”) where it was said
at [6] that it is “settled law that even in respect of a final order, the
judge has an inherent jurisdiction to recall his decision and to hear further
arguments, so long as the order is not yet perfected.” Counsel for the
plaintiffs appears to rely on the fact that a notice of appeal was filed by
the 3rd defendant in respect of my judgment of 16 March 2018 to argue that
this court no longer has the inherent jurisdiction referred to in Thomson
Plaza. The notice of appeal was filed after the defendants had sought leave to
make further arguments, upon which the questions of further arguments and
costs had to await my decision. Thus the argument relating to s 28B of the
SCJA is not relevant.

7 For the reasons above, I affirm my order for costs to follow the event.
Although my original order was for costs to be taxed if not agreed, counsel
agreed to make submissions on costs in lieu of taxation or agreement. I order
costs to be paid by the 3rd defendant to the plaintiffs fixed at $200,000.
Seeing as the plaintiffs did not succeed in their claims against the other
defendants, I order costs to be paid by the plaintiffs to the 1st and 4th
defendants fixed at $40,000 for each defendant, taking into consideration the
fact that the 1st and 4th defendants were minor parties and were represented
by the same counsel. As for costs in relation to the counterclaim, since the
counterclaim taken out by the 3rd and 4th defendants against the 1st, 2nd and
3rd plaintiffs failed, I order costs to be paid by the 3rd and 4th defendants
to the 1st, 2nd and 3rd plaintiffs fixed at $10,000 each plaintiff.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Tan Tee Jim SC, Christopher James De Souza, Amanda Lim Jia Yan, Basil Lee and
Gayathri Sivasurian (Lee & Lee) for the plaintiffs;  
Andre Yeap SC, Lai Yew Fei and Khelvin Xu Cunhan (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP)
for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

