Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 231

Suit No 415 of 2015

Between

| Sea-Shore Transportation Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Technik-Soil (Asia) Pte Ltd  
---|---  
|  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Tort] — [Conversion]  
[Damages] — [Measure of damages] — [Tort] — [Identity of goods in issue]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sea-Shore Transportation Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Technik-Soil (Asia) Pte Ltd

[2018] SGHC 231

High Court — Suit No 415 of 2015  
Audrey Lim JC  
26–29 June, 3, 10 July, 26 September 2018

24 October 2018

Audrey Lim JC:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff (“Sea-Shore”), is in the business of providing storage and
handling services for machinery and equipment. The defendant (“Technik-Soil”),
is in the business of general construction work and wholesale trade. On 28
October 2010, Sea-Shore and Technik-Soil entered into an agreement (“the
Service Agreement”) for Technik-Soil to rent approximately 10,000 sq ft of
storage space at Sea-Shore’s premises to store Technik-Soil’s equipment for a
monthly rent of $7,490. The parties do not dispute that the terms of the
Service Agreement governed the relationship between them, and that Technik-
Soil owed Sea-Shore arrears of rent totalling $266,110 (as of 30 September
2014) (“the Debt”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

26/6/18 NE 4–5 and 15–16; Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) (“SOC”) at para
3.

2 In November 2014, after the parties had exchanged various correspondence
regarding the repayment of the Debt, including several letters of demand by
Sea-Shore, Sea-Shore proceeded to dispose of the equipment which Technik-Soil
had stored at Sea-Shore’s premises for a net sum of $40,000, and applied this
$40,000 towards the partial discharge of the Debt.

3 In January 2015, Sea-Shore commenced this suit against Technik-Soil to claim
the remaining unpaid rent of $226,110 for Technik-Soil’s rental of Sea-Shore’s
premises to store its goods. In turn, Technik-Soil counterclaimed in tort for
conversion, detinue and negligence, as well as for breach of contract,
alleging that Sea-Shore had sold or removed the goods it had stored at Sea-
Shore’s premises without its consent.

4 Sea-Shore subsequently applied for judgment on admission. When this
application was heard, Technik-Soil did not dispute that it owed the Debt. As
such, on 11 May 2018, I entered judgment for Sea-Shore in the sum of $226,110
(after deducting the $40,000 which Sea-Shore had obtained from selling
Technik-Soil’s equipment).

5 The trial thus proceeded only on Technik-Soil’s counterclaim. Technik-Soil
claimed that it had stored a vast number of equipment on Sea-Shore’s premises,
far in excess (in quantity and value) of the equipment that Sea-Shore had
disposed of. At the conclusion of the trial, I found Sea-Shore liable in tort
for conversion as it had no right to sell Technik-Soil’s equipment to
discharge the outstanding Debt. However, I found that Technik-Soil failed to
prove its allegations about the quantity and value of the equipment that was
the subject of the conversion, and awarded Technik-Soil $60,000 in total as
damages. Technik-Soil has since appealed against my decision, and I now give
the full grounds of my decision.

Sea-Shore’s case

Balan’s testimony

6 Balan Vijayarahavan Pillai (“Balan”), the Chief Operating Officer (“COO”) of
Sea-Shore, testified on its behalf. Until 2014, when Balan joined Sea-Shore as
its COO, one Sharafdeen (“Deen”), a director of Sea-Shore, had been the
primary person managing its affairs. At the time of the trial, Balan was
managing Sea-Shore’s operations, including its storage business. Sea-Shore’s
premises located at No 14 Pioneer Sector 2 (“the Premises”) comprised of one
building surrounded by a large fenced-up open yard.

7 The Service Agreement was signed by Deen on Sea-Shore’s behalf and by Shin
Young Kyun (“Shin”) for Technik-Soil. It was undisputed that Technik-Soil
ceased to pay the monthly rent from July 2011 onwards. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

26/6/18 NE 22.

Deen told Balan that he had spoken to Shin on numerous occasions to chase
Technik-Soil to pay the rent arrears but Shin requested more time to make
payment because Technik-Soil was facing cash flow issues.

8 Deen informed Balan that, sometime in April 2013, he had told Shin to pay
the outstanding rent and vacate the Premises. In a letter to Sea-Shore dated
26 April 2013 (“2013 Letter”), Shin asked Deen for more time to make payment,
explaining that Technik-Soil was facing financial difficulties. In this
letter, Technik-Soil requested that it be given until 31 May 2013 to relocate
its equipment, failing which Sea-Shore could “scrap sale off [Technik-Soil’s]
equipment”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Balan’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) at p 76.

Yet, by 31 May 2013, Technik-Soil was still in default on the rent arrears and
had not removed its equipment from the Premises. Nonetheless, Deen did not
immediately scrap sell Technik-Soil’s equipment because Technik-Soil
subsequently made partial repayment of the outstanding rent in June and July
2013. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Balan’s AEIC at para 24 and pp 78–79.

9 When Balan became COO in 2014, he discovered Technik-Soil’s rent arrears to
be around $286,000 and found that Technik-Soil had not replied to the numerous
invoices and statements of accounts issued by Sea-Shore. Hence, on 8 October
2014, Sea-Shore’s lawyers issued a letter of demand for the rent arrears to be
paid within seven days, failing which it would issue legal proceedings to
claim the outstanding sum (“the 1st Demand Letter”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Balan’s AEIC at p 93.

Technik-Soil did not respond to the 1st Demand Letter.

10 On 15 October 2014, Sea-Shore’s lawyers sent another letter (“the 2nd
Demand Letter”) to demand that Technik-Soil settle its outstanding debt,
failing which Sea-Shore would dispose of Technik-Soil’s equipment and apply
the sale proceeds towards payment of the outstanding debt. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Balan’s AEIC at p 98.

Technik-Soil replied on 17 October 2014 to ask for more time to make payment
and undertook to pay all rent arrears by July 2015. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Balan’s AEIC at p 101.

On 20 October 2014, Sea-Shore replied to state that it was willing to consider
an extension of time for repayment provided that certain conditions were met,
asserting that it would be at liberty to enter judgment for the entire rent in
arrears if those conditions were breached (“the 3rd Demand Letter”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Balan’s AEIC at p 103.

Sea-Shore also informed Technik-Soil to respond with its agreement to the
conditions by 21 October 2014. Technik-Soil did not reply to the 3rd Demand
Letter or pay any part of the rent arrears. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

26/6/18 NE 52.

11 Hence, in November 2014, as Sea-Shore was itself experiencing cash flow
issues, Balan decided to dispose of the equipment which Technik-Soil had
stored at the Premises. He did not inform Technik-Soil of this disposal at
that time, as he was of the view that it had been given adequate notice by way
of Sea-Shore’s 3rd Demand Letter and that Technik-Soil itself had acknowledged
Sea-Shore’s right to scrap sell the equipment in Technik-Soil’s 2013 Letter.
On 15 November 2014, Sea-Shore sold all of Technik-Soil’s equipment to Metal
Recycle Pte Ltd (“Metal Recycle”) for a net total of $40,000. A total of 20
units of equipment was sold to Metal Recycle, as reflected in Metal Recycle’s
Purchase Order (“the PO”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents (“DB”) at p 38.

At that time, Balan did not know how much the equipment was worth but he
claimed that they were old and corroded. Balan had invited a few potential
buyers to the Premises to view the equipment and Metal Recycle had made the
highest bid. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Balan’s AEIC at para 52; 26/6/18 NE 100–101; DB at p 38.

12 Balan explained that he had identified the equipment for sale on the basis
that all equipment found within the area of the Premises demarcated for
Technik-Soil belonged to it. Sea-Shore sold all the equipment found within
that area to Metal Recycle. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Balan’s AEIC at para 43; 26/6/18 NE 81–82.

Sea-Shore did not keep an inventory of the equipment stored at the Premises
and did not restrict Technik-Soil’s movement of its equipment in and out of
the Premises as, under the agreement between them, Technik-Soil was
responsible for monitoring and keeping track of its own equipment at the
Premises. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

27/6/18 NE 11–12.

Balan stated that, contrary to Technik-Soil’s claim, there was no other
equipment belonging to Technik-Soil on the Premises apart from what Sea-Shore
had sold to Metal Recycle.

Verlachamy’s testimony

13 Verlachamy was Sea-Shore’s yard manager and was present daily at the
Premises to supervise the movement of goods and people in and out of the
Premises. Verlachamy stated that the agreement between the parties was that
Sea-Shore would not exercise oversight over Technik-Soil’s equipment stored at
the Premises as Technik-Soil wanted flexibility in moving its equipment in and
out of the Premises. Hence he allowed Technik-Soil’s staff to enter and exit
the Premises and to deposit or remove items without having to inform Sea-
Shore. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Verlachamy’s AEIC at paras 8–9.

Technik-Soil’s case

14 Technik-Soil’s case was narrated by Shin, its general manager and the main
person running its business. Shin was also one of Technik-Soil’s three
shareholders. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Shin’s AEIC at paras 1 and 3.

Technik-Soil undertook construction projects and imported and rented equipment
for that purpose. As part of its business operations, it required storage
space for its equipment when not deployed for use, and hence it entered into
the Service Agreement with Sea-Shore.

15 After entering into the Service Agreement, Technik-Soil proceeded to
relocate a total of 198 units of various equipment from its previous storage
location at Jalan Papan to the Premises between 29 October and 2 November 2010
(“the Relocated Equipment”). Shin claimed that the Relocated Equipment was
missing from the Premises between November 2014 and January 2015. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 14 and the tables therein.

According to Shin, Technik-Soil never removed the Relocated Equipment from the
Premises, save for a few items which it deployed at construction sites and
subsequently returned to the Premises for storage. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 15 and the tables therein.

16 In 2012, Technik-Soil was facing severe financial problems and fell into
arrears on the rental charges due to Sea-Shore. Nevertheless, Deen allowed
Technik-Soil to continue storing its equipment at the Premises and to pay the
rent later. In 2013, in the midst of negotiations on the outstanding rent,
Technik-Soil agreed to Sea-Shore’s request that it relocate its equipment.
Technik-Soil notified Sea-Shore of its agreement by way of the 2013 Letter,
requesting at the same time for more time to arrange for the relocation. As
Technik-Soil could not find an alternative storage location in time, Shin
claimed that Deen subsequently agreed to allow Technik-Soil to continue
storing its equipment on the Premises on the condition that Technik-Soil made
partial payment of the outstanding rent. It was not disputed that Technik-Soil
made three payments totalling $20,000 in June and July 2013 as partial
repayment of its rent arrears 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 23 and Annex B of SYK-1 pp 13–14.

and that Sea-Shore continued to allow Technik-Soil to store its equipment at
the Premises. From August 2013 to October 2014, Shin continued to assure Deen
that the outstanding rent would be paid in due course. Deen was sympathetic to
Technik-Soil’s situation and was prepared to defer the payment of its
outstanding rent while allowing Technik-Soil to continue storing its equipment
at the Premises. Hence, Shin was surprised to receive the 1st and 2nd Demand
Letters. Technik-Soil then wrote to Sea-Shore with a counter-proposal on 17
October 2014, which Sea-Shore responded with the 3rd Demand Letter.

17 On 22 October 2014, Deen acceded to Technik-Soil’s request to store
additional equipment at the Premises. Technik-Soil thus moved more equipment
(totalling 16 units) to the Premises on 25 October 2014 (“the Additional
Equipment”). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 33 and the tables therein.

Whilst doing so, Shin discovered that some of the Relocated Equipment
previously stored at the Premises was missing. He discovered more equipment
missing when he returned to the Premises on 28 November and 15 December 2014.
By 13 January 2015, Shin found that all of the Relocated Equipment and the
Additional Equipment had completely disappeared. On 8 January 2015, Technik-
Soil’s lawyers wrote to Sea-Shore to inform them of the missing equipment. On
16 January 2015, Sea-Shore’s lawyers replied to say that Sea-Shore had
disposed of Technik-Soil’s equipment to settle Technik-Soil’s rent arrears. It
was only upon receipt of this letter that Technik-Soil discovered that Sea-
Shore had disposed of its equipment.

18 Technik-Soil alleged that Sea-Shore was not entitled to dispose of its
equipment without its permission. It claimed that apart from the equipment
that Sea-Shore had purportedly sold to Metal Recycle, there were many other
pieces of equipment comprising the Relocated Equipment and Additional
Equipment stored at the Premises that subsequently disappeared. Technik-Soil
thus counterclaimed for negligence, conversion and detinue. It also claimed
that Sea-Shore had breached its implied contractual duty to keep Technik-
Soil’s equipment (ie, the Relocated Equipment and Additional Equipment) safe
at the Premises and not to remove and dispose of them without its consent.

Issues for consideration

19 The main issues to be considered are as follows:

(a) What equipment was stored by Technik-Soil at the Premises at the material
time?

(b) Did Sea-Shore sell Technik-Soil’s equipment to Metal Recycle?

(c) Did Sea-Shore have the right to dispose of Technik-Soil’s equipment in
satisfaction of the unpaid rental?

(d) What damages are to be awarded, whether or not Sea-Shore had the right to
dispose of Technik-Soil’s equipment?

The equipment stored by Technik-Soil at the Premises

20 Technik-soil has mounted a claim for 198 pieces of Relocated Equipment and
16 pieces of Additional Equipment (which I will refer to collectively as “the
Equipment”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Shin’s AEIC at paras 14 and 33.

However, it was far from clear whether each specific piece of equipment was
indeed stored at the Premises at the material time, ie, between October 2014
and January 2015 when Shin allegedly discovered that the equipment had gone
missing. It was necessary for me to first determine what equipment Technik-
Soil had stored on the Premises immediately prior to Sea-Shore’s alleged
dealings with the equipment as my findings on this point would have a bearing
on the rest of the issues.

21 It was not disputed that Technik-Soil was allowed to move its equipment in
and out of the Premises freely 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

29/6/18 NE 48.

and that Sea-Shore did not keep an inventory of the equipment stored by
Technik-Soil at the Premises. There was also no evidence that Sea-Shore was
obliged to maintain an inventory of Technik-Soil’s equipment at the Premises
at any point in time.

22 According to Balan, all of Technik-Soil’s equipment on the Premises on the
date of sale (ie, 15 November 2014) was sold and was reflected in Metal
Recycle’s PO of even date. None of Technik-Soil’s equipment remained on the
Premises thereafter. Technik-Soil however claimed that the Equipment
(comprising 214 units of Relocated Equipment and Additional Equipment) was
stored at the Premises until Sea-Shore wrongfully dealt with them and they
were subsequently found to be missing. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Shin’s AEIC at paras 14, 33 and 57; 26/6/18 NE 75.

23 On balance, I found that Technik-Soil failed to prove that all of the
Equipment was at the Premises at the material time, ie, when Shin allegedly
began discovering that the equipment had gone missing. I was not satisfied
that all of the Equipment was delivered to the Premises for storage in 2010 as
Technik-Soil claimed. Even if they were, I was not satisfied that they were
all still stored at the Premises until October 2014, when Shin purportedly
began to discover that equipment was missing due to Sea-Shore’s dealings with
them.

24 First, Technik-Soil’s own documents could not substantiate its claim as to
what equipment had been placed at the Premises. This was not disputed by
Technik-Soil’s counsel, Mr Magintharan. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

26/6/18 NE 87.

The documents produced by Technik-Soil comprised mainly bills of lading and
invoices for the purchase or rental of the items of equipment claimed. While
these documents may show that Technik-Soil owned, leased or used various
equipment, they did not prove that such equipment was stored at the Premises.
Technik-Soil also produced invoices for transportation services, allegedly for
trips made to deliver various pieces of equipment from and to the Premises.
However, these invoices only showed that Technik-Soil had engaged vehicles for
transportation services to and from the Premises, but did not identify the
specific pieces of equipment carried on them.

25 Second, Technik-Soil’s documents for the initial deposit of the Relocated
Equipment at the Premises were not reliable. Technik-Soil claimed to have
moved the Relocated Equipment from Jalan Papan to the Premises from 29 October
to 2 November 2010. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 14 and the tables therein.

Shin produced Mobilisation Checklists (“the Checklists”) listing the items of
equipment transported. He signed against each item of equipment as it was
moved out from Jalan Papan. Shin’s son (a director of Technik-Soil) then
signed against each item that arrived at the Premises using another copy of
the Checklists. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

28/6/18 NE 12–13.

The Checklists were the only documents in evidence that drew a link between
specific items of equipment and their presence at the Premises. Shin claimed
that apart from certain items which were removed from and then returned to the
Premises between November 2010 and October 2014, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 15.

the rest of the Relocated Equipment was left at the Premises throughout until
they disappeared in October 2014 to January 2015.

26 Prima facie, the Checklists showed that the Relocated Equipment was moved
into the Premises between 29 October and 2 November 2010. However, I found
that the Checklists did not comprehensively substantiate Technik-Soil’s claim
for the Relocated Equipment because there was no notation on the Checklists to
indicate that various items, such as the following, arrived at the Premises
from Jalan Papan as Technik-Soil claimed:

(a) a turbo mixer (Italy, 20hp, 1991) allegedly transported to the Premises on
29 October 2010; 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 14, 29 October 2010, item 2 and Annex B of SYK-1 at pp
248–253.

(b) six units of drill rotary allegedly transported to the Premises on 30
October 2010; 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 14, 30 October 2010, items 10 and 11 and Annex B of SYK-1
at pp 451–454.

(c) an auger motor (D60K) and 11 screw rods allegedly transported to the
Premises on 1 November 2010; 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 14, 1 November 2010, items 1 and 2 and Annex B of SYK-1 at
pp 20–25, 28, 30; 28/6/18 NE 62.

(d) a drill rig (SSD1000) allegedly transported to the Premises on 2 November
2010; 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 14, 2 November 2010, item 1 and Annex B of SYK-1 at pp
93–98; 28/6/18 NE 64.

and

(e) 70 units of JGP rods allegedly transported to the Premises on 2 November
2010. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Shin’s AEIC at p 13, 2 November 2010, items 2–5 and Annex B of SYK-1 at pp
328–353.

27 For all these items, Shin had signed against them on the Checklists when
they were moved out of Jalan Papan but there was no corresponding signature or
notation made to indicate their purported arrival at the Premises. This was
despite Shin’s insistence that the Checklists were “100% accurate”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

28/6/18 NE 55 and 66.

Shin attempted to explain that some of these items were not listed or checked
off on the Checklists upon arrival at the Premises because they were “minor”
items, but I found his evidence inconsistent with his own valuations of these
items. Shin agreed that the drill rig (SSD1000) was a major item valued by him
at $80,000, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 57, item 10; 28/6/18 NE 64.

while the 11 screw rods were worth some $38,500. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

28/6/18 NE 63.

The six units of drill rotary and the 70 units of JGP rods were also valued by
Shin at a total of $140,000 and $66,488 respectively. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 57, items 37–40, 56–57.

On the contrary, various items worth less than the screw rods were recorded in
the Checklists and notations were duly made on their departure from Jalan
Papan and arrival at the Premises. It is not disputed that Shin did not
personally verify that the equipment itemised in the Checklists had actually
arrived at the Premises. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

29/6/18 NE 44.

I also add that, in relation to the turbo mixer (Italy, 20hp, 1991) mentioned
at [26(a)] above, there is no evidence that this equipment was even purchased
by Technik-Soil in the first place (see [35] below).

28 Indeed, an item that Technik-Soil is claiming for is not even reflected on
any of the Checklists. In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), Shin
claimed that a pump (model JP300) was first moved to the Premises on 1
November 2010. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 14, 1 November 2010, item 11.

However, the 1 November 2010 Checklist reflected only pumps with models JP600
and JP800 being transported to the Premises. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Shin’s AEIC at Annex B of SYK-1 at pp 35–36, items 30–31.

In line with the Checklist, Technik-Soil’s Defence and Counterclaim claimed
that one unit of JP600 pump and two units of JP800 pumps were missing. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defence and Counterclaim at Annex A, items 17 and 18.

On the stand, Shin explained that he included a pump with model JP300 in the
list of Relocated Equipment in his AEIC because, whilst checking the catalogue
and model numbers when preparing his AEIC, he realised that the missing pumps
should be reflected as one unit of JP300 pump and two units of JP600 pump. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

28/6/18 NE 30.

I disbelieved Shin’s explanation. If it were true, he would have corrected the
error by explaining it in his AEIC. Yet, it was not until Mr Kamil, Sea-
Shore’s counsel, highlighted this discrepancy in cross-examination that Shin
tried to explain the discrepancy. The Checklist, which Shin had consistently
maintained was “100% accurate” had clearly reflected the pumps as being of
models JP600 and JP800 (and not JP300), and it was signed and countersigned by
Shin and his son. If Shin was “very familiar” with all his equipment as he
claimed, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

28/6/18 NE 4 and 30.

it would have been odd for him to have signed off on the Checklist against a
JP600 pump when he meant a JP300 pump, or against two units of JP800 pump when
he meant two units of JP600 pump. Moreover, Shin did not produce the catalogue
that he claimed to have used to verify the pump model.

29 Third, even if I accept Technik-Soil’s claim, based on the Mobilisation
Checklists, that all of the Relocated Equipment had been placed at the
Premises, this did not foreclose the possibility that some or all of the
Relocated Equipment was subsequently removed from the Premises. Whilst the
Checklists prima facie showed that the Relocated Equipment was first moved
into the Premises, they did not record the subsequent movements of any of the
Relocated Equipment out of the Premises. Even going by Shin’s evidence, some
of the equipment initially stored at the Premises were indisputably removed
from the Premises between November 2010 and October 2014 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 15.

, and Technik-Soil had scant evidence to show that all the Relocated Equipment
it was claiming for remained on the Premises until October 2014.

30 The crucial evidentiary gap here was that Technik-Soil did not keep any
contemporaneous records showing what equipment was moved out of and back into
the Premises. Shin claimed that among the Relocated Equipment, only certain
specific items had been moved out of and into the Premises between November
2010 and October 2014. These movements were purportedly evidenced by “Machine
Out and Return Situation” documents (“MOR documents”) recording the movement
of specific pieces of equipment on specified dates to and from specified
locations. However, Shin admitted that the MOR documents were reconstructions
prepared for the purposes of this suit. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

28/6/18 NE 13–14.

31 Furthermore, to prepare the MOR documents, Shin relied on transportation
invoices for the vehicles hired to deliver items of equipment from the
Premises to various worksites and back. However, the transportation invoices
did not show what equipment was carried on the vehicles. It is unclear how
Shin could, simply relying on the transportation invoices, recall that a
particular piece of equipment was moved from and to the Premises on specified
dates, when many of the invoices dated back to 2011 and 2012. In some
instances, the MOR documents were not even substantiated by any transportation
invoices or detailed different movements from those shown in the
transportation invoices. For example:

(a) Shin claimed that two mixer plants (model KS60) were removed from and
returned to the Premises on 2 and 6 April 2011 respectively. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 15, Mixer Plant KS60, item 1.

However the transportation invoices produced to support these movements
related to vehicles hired to enter the Premises on both dates, and both
invoices seemed to be dated 6 April 2011. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Shin’s AEIC at Annex B of SYK-1 at pp 224–225; 29/6/18 NE 54–55.

The MOR document also noted that the mixer plants (model KS60) were
subsequently removed from the Premises on 1 December 2011 and again in August
2014 but there were no documents such as transportation invoices produced to
substantiate these movements. Hence, it is unclear if the mixer plants were
returned to the Premises prior to these dates or subsequently (if they were
indeed removed). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Shin’s AEIC at p 15, Mixer Plant KS60, item 2.

(b) The MOR document showed that a water tank was removed from and returned to
the Premises on 2 and 6 April 2011 respectively. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Shin’s AEIC at p 15, Water Tank, item 1.

Again the transportation invoices showed vehicles going into the Premises on
both dates and both invoices were dated 6 April 2011. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Shin’s AEIC at Annex B of SYK-1 at pp 465–466; 29/6/18 NE 56–57.

Pertinently, Shin claimed that the water tank was removed from the Premises
and transported to various locations before being returned to the Premises on
15 January 2013 and removed again on 20 January 2013, but no documents (such
as transportation invoices) were produced to substantiate these movements on
15 and 20 January 2013. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Shin’s AEIC at pp 15–16, Water Tank, items 4 and 5.

(c) The MOR document showed that a pump (model MP7-680S) was returned to the
Premises on 6 April 2011, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Shin’s AEIC at p 16, Pump MP7-680S, item 2.

but the transportation invoice showed a vehicle making a trip out of the
Premises “to Sinaran Drive”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Shin’s AEIC at Annex B of SYK-1 at pp 140–141; 29/6/18 NE 59.

(d) A drill rig (model PX600) was purportedly returned to the Premises on 22
January 2011, 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Shin’s AEIC at p 16, Drill Rig PX600, item 1.

but the transportation invoice from SNL Logistics Pte Ltd showed that the trip
was cancelled and this was confirmed by its director, Lim Hong Liang, who
testified for Technik-Soil. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Shin’s AEIC at Annex B of SYK-1 at p 59; 29/6/18 NE 77–78.

(e) Various other movements of equipment (eg, a drill rig (model PX600) and a
cement silo) out of the Premises were also not supported by any documents. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Shin’s AEIC at pp 16–17.

32 Crucially, there was evidence suggesting that the movement of equipment out
of the Premises was not limited to those instances recorded in the MOR
documents prepared by Shin.

(a) For instance, the Checklists recorded that three units of swivel (South
Korea, 89mm, one- way) were moved into the Premises on 2 November 2010
(forming part of the Relocated Equipment). 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 14, 2 November 2010, item 6.

Technik-Soil claimed that they were moved into the Premises (again) on 25
October 2014. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Defendant’s further and better particulars dated 11 January 2017, last answer
and table therein, item 6.

If so, the swivels must have been removed from the Premises between November
2010 and 25 October 2014. Yet Shin did not include the swivels in his list of
equipment which were moved out of and into the Premises in this period. This
contradicted Shin’s assertion that, other than the items particularised in his
list of equipment that were removed and returned, all the other items of
Relocated Equipment had been left at the Premises from the time they were
moved there and were never removed from the Premises.

(b) In the case of the JP600 pumps, Shin initially stated in his AEIC that
they were only removed once from the Premises and then returned. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Shin’s AEIC at p 17, Pump JP600.

He then subsequently stated on the stand that they had actually been moved in
and out of the Premises on multiple occasions. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

29/6/18 NE 12–14.

Thus the MOR document and his evidence about the movement of this item were
clearly incomplete.

(c) Indeed, Shin admitted that there were other equipment moved from Jalan
Papan to the Premises and subsequently removed by Technik-Soil and sold off.
59

##### Foot Note 59

×

26/6/18 NE 95; 28/6/18 NE 23–25 and 27.

These were not listed as part of the Relocated Equipment, but were reflected
in the same Checklists as having been moved from Jalan Papan to the Premises.
Hence the Relocated Equipment could also have been dealt with in the same way,
since Technik-Soil’s documents were incomplete and did not reliably evidence
the movement of the Relocated Equipment to and from the Premises from November
2010 to October 2014 or show that all of the Relocated Equipment remained on
the Premises even in October 2014.

33 In the round, the supporting documents evidencing the movement of the
various equipment were incomplete and unreliable. It was also unclear how Shin
could recall that specific equipment was moved when such movements were
unsubstantiated by any documents and the documents did not specify the
equipment being carried. As Shin admitted, there were other equipment that
were also moved from Jalan Papan to the Premises but subsequently removed by
Technik-Soil from the Premises, and there was little evidence to show that
Technik-Soil had not done likewise with the Relocated Equipment that it was
claiming for. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

29/6/18 NE 22–23.

34 Fourth, two data loggers (which Shin included in his summary list of all
the Equipment he was claiming for and valued at $80,000) 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 57, items 60 and 61.

were not even shown to have been transported to the Premises in the first
place. Shin had not listed these data loggers as part of the Relocated
Equipment moved into the Premises in October and November 2010 or as part of
the Additional Equipment moved into the Premises on 25 October 2014. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 14 (see the tables therein) and para 33 (see the table
therein).

35 Fifth, some items in Technik-Soil’s list of Equipment were not even
supported by any documents showing that Technik-Soil had acquired these items
in the first place, let alone that they were placed at the Premises. This
included a power pack (Korea, 20hp), three units of rock drill bits (Korea,
Tricon 250mm), a chain (Italy, ASA120/5) and a turbo mixer (Italy, 20hp,
1991), 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 57, items 27, 31, 58 and 63; 28/6/18 NE 68–69; 29/6/18 NE
2–3.

and one of two JP600 pumps (for which the invoice produced by Shin showed that
only one unit had been purchased). 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 57, item 23 and Annex B of SYK-1 at p 207A; 29/6/18 NE 9
and 12.

Further, while Shin claimed that the Equipment included two mixer plants
(South Korea, KS60, 2007), the documents showed that he had obtained only one
set of that mixer plant. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 5, item 24; para 57, item 24 and Annex B of SYK-1 at p
216A.

36 Sixth, Technik-Soil could not have transported some of the Relocated
Equipment into the Premises between 29 October and 2 November 2010 as it
claimed because the documents showed that Technik-Soil only acquired them
after November 2010. It claimed that a screw rod formed part of the Relocated
Equipment delivered to the Premises on 1 November 2010 and relied on the
Checklist of that date. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

28/6/18 NE 57; Shin’s AEIC para 57, item 4 and Annex B of SYK-1 at pp 35–38.

However, Shin conceded that this screw rod was purchased by Technik-Soil only
in June 2014, and attempted to explain (without any supporting evidence) that
the screw rod was actually delivered to the Premises in 2014. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

28/6/18 NE 58–59.

Likewise, a JP600 pump – which Shin claimed was moved to the Premises on 1
November 2010 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Shin’s AEIC at p 13, item 12.

– was purchased by Technik-Soil only in April 2012. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Shin’s AEIC, Annex B of SYK-1 at p 207A; 29/6/18 NE 5.

Shin tried to explain that this pump was initially rented from an entity
related to the vendor before it was purchased by Technik-Soil in 2012 but did
not produce any documents to support this explanation. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

29/6/18 NE 5–7.

37 Seventh, Shin produced photographs of what he claimed to be the Relocated
Equipment to show that they were all stored at the Premises before they
disappeared, and Mr Magintharan claimed that the photographs were taken at the
Premises. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

26/6/18 NE 126, 129 and 130; 27/6/18 NE 2–3.

These photographs were taken between 2010 and June 2014. I was not satisfied
that the photographs were taken at the Premises, and even if they were, they
did not show that the Relocated Equipment remained at the Premises throughout
and were not removed by Technik-Soil after they were photographed.

(a) Mr Magintharan conceded that two of the photographs were not and could not
have been taken at the Premises, as they were taken before the date that any
of the Relocated Equipment was (on Technik-Soil’s own case) moved to the
Premises. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DB73 and DB88; 27/6/18 NE 2.

(b) As for the other photographs, Shin was silent on the location at which
they were taken. It was unclear whether the photographs depicted the equipment
at the Premises or at some other venue. Both Balan and Verlachamy testified
that there were many similar-looking premises in the vicinity of the Premises
at Pioneer Sector 2. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

27/6/18 NE 14, 19 and 56.

Indeed, Shin conceded that one of the two photographs showing 11 screw rods
was not taken at the Premises but at the previous storage location at Jalan
Papan. He also clarified that he had produced the photographs for the purposes
of showing that these were the items he owned 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

29/6/18 NE 15.

– and not to show that the items were present at the Premises.

(c) Shin claimed that a photograph of pump JP600 was taken on 8 May 2012. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Shin’s AEIC, Annex B of SYK-1 at p 206.

However he claimed that this pump was moved from and back to the Premises on
10 April 2012 and 21 July 2012 respectively. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 15, Pump JP600.

If so, either the pump could not have been photographed at the Premises on 8
May 2012 or Shin’s claim about the movement of this pump from and back to the
Premises was not to be believed.

(d) A substantial number of photographs were outdated as they were taken at
least one to two years before 25 October 2014 (the date on which Shin claimed
he first discovered some items of the Equipment missing).

(e) In some instances, there were no photographs at all: eg, for a mixer plant
(KS60), a drill rig (HD60), a pump (PG100A), numerous items of JGP rods,
various swivels, various monitors, two 20-ft containers, six counts of drill
rotary and two data loggers.

38 Pertinently, Shin claimed that when he discovered that Technik-Soil’s
equipment was gradually going missing between 25 October 2014 and January
2015, he took photographs of the remaining equipment on the Premises, and even
took a photograph in January 2015 of the last remaining equipment before it
disappeared. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

29/6/18 NE 36–37.

Yet, Shin did not produce any of these photographs. This is a curious omission
given that these photographs would have been material to Technik-Soil’s case
as that they could have shown the existence of equipment that it claimed were
on the Premises between 25 October 2014 and January 2015 and subsequently
gradually went missing. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

29/6/18 NE 36, 38–39.

39 For these reasons, I found the photographs to be of no assistance in
showing that the Equipment was stored at the Premises at any time prior to or
around October and November 2014 when the alleged tort occurred. Even if the
photographs were taken on the Premises and could show that the equipment
depicted were present on the Premises at the date of the photograph, this did
not mean that the equipment depicted could not have been removed by Technik-
Soil at any time after the photographs were taken.

40 In addition to my findings above, I found that Technik-Soil had not shown,
on balance, that the Additional Equipment was transported to the Premises on
25 October 2014. Even if they were, Technik-Soil could have subsequently
removed them from the Premises. Unlike the Relocated Equipment, Technik-Soil
did not produce any documents such as a Mobilisation Checklist to show that
the Additional Equipment was first transported to the Premises on 25 October
2014. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

29/6/18 NE 49.

There were also no photographs of the Additional Equipment. Next, the
Additional Equipment were apparently transported on two vehicles by SAM
Transportation supported by invoice numbers 001595 and 001611. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 33.

However these two invoices were produced by Shin to also show five other
pieces of equipment (from the list of Relocated Equipment) that were
apparently returned to the Premises (after they were allegedly removed from
the Premises). 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 15, Mixer Plant KS60 (two units), Water Tank (one unit),
Pump MP7-680S (one unit) and Cement Silo (one unit).

It is unclear how Shin could recall so clearly what items were transported on
that day to the Premises when the invoices do not state the items transported
by those vehicles on that occasion. In fact, SAM Transportation’s general
manager, Lim Kek Hian, stated that on 25 October 2014, the items transported
to the Premises were a power pack, a water tank and a silo, 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

29/6/18 NE 64–65.

none of which were listed as part of the Additional Equipment. Shin has also
not called Deen, whom he claimed to have spoken to about storing the
Additional Equipment at the Premises, to support his claim.

41 Based on the totality of the evidence, I was not satisfied on balance that
all the Equipment claimed by Technik-Soil was stored at the Premises at the
time prior to 25 October 2014 and accordingly did not believe Shin’s claim
that he gradually discovered the Equipment to be missing from the Premises on
25 October 2014, 28 November 2014, 15 December 2014 and 13 January 2015.

42 I add that if Shin’s account were true, it is highly unusual that Shin did
not take any concrete action the first time he allegedly discovered various
equipment (apparently worth more than $180,000) 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

29/6/18 NE 34.

missing from the Premises on 25 October 2014. Again, on 28 November 2014 when
he discovered most of the equipment missing (as he claimed), he did not take
any concrete action despite his assessment that by this time “the situation
had… wholly deteriorated”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 37; 29/6/18 NE 34.

By then, all of the Equipment (save for only two drills) – which Shin claimed
were worth about $2m – had apparently gone missing. Shin’s own actions were
inherently contradictory as he agreed, in court, that if he found $2m worth of
missing equipment, he would have quickly made a police report. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

29/6/18 NE 34.

It was not until he allegedly discovered one of the two remaining drills
missing on 15 December 2014 that he lodged a police report on 24 December
2014. By then, Sea-Shore had sent Technik-Soil three demand letters for
outstanding rent.

43 If the situation had “wholly deteriorated” by 28 November 2014, and the
missing items were worth about $2m, it is puzzling that Shin did not take
concrete action sooner, whether by writing to Sea-Shore or reporting the
matter to the police immediately. Shin purportedly first discovered missing
items barely five days after Sea-Shore’s 3rd Demand Letter; one would have
thought that given the contemporaneity of the 3rd Demand Letter, Technik-Soil
would have immediately replied to remonstrate with Sea-Shore regarding the
loss of its equipment, but it did not. Notably, Sea-Shore had sent three
demand letters in October 2014 (including the 3rd Demand Letter) well before
Technik-Soil finally made its police report on 24 December 2014 and wrote to
Sea-Shore on 8 January 2015 regarding the allegedly missing equipment.

44 Although Shin claimed that he had confronted Deen on each occasion shortly
after discovering that equipment was missing, Technik-Soil did not call Deen
to support its claim. I did not accept Shin’s feeble attempts to explain that
he had not called Deen as he was under the impression that Sea-Shore would do
so. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

29/6/18 NE 51–52.

In my view, and taking the evidence in totality, Technik-Soil’s claim that
various items of equipment had disappeared was no more than an afterthought
concocted after Sea-Shore began to pressure Technik-Soil for payment of the
rent arrears. It must be remembered that Technik-Soil was at the material time
facing financial problems and had even sold some of its equipment. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

29/6/18 NE 45.

45 Mr Magintharan conceded that Technik-Soil bore the burden to show that the
Equipment was in fact stored at the Premises at the material time. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 32.

Based on the above, I was not satisfied that Technik-Soil had proved on a
balance of probabilities that all of the Equipment was stored at the Premises
and, more pertinently, were stored there at the material time just before
Technik-Soil had allegedly discovered them missing. While the Relocated
Equipment was purportedly transported to the Premises some four years before
they allegedly disappeared, they could have been removed by Technik-Soil at
any time. Shin admitted at trial that there were in fact instances in which
Technik-Soil had transported various equipment out of the Premises and had
even gone on to sell such equipment.

46 Mr Magintharan cited Supreme Leasing Sdn Bhd v Lee Gee and others [1989] 1
MLJ 129 and submitted that, by disposing of the Equipment and thereby
depriving Sea-Shore of the opportunity to “verify and confirm the full
contents of the equipment stored at [the Premises]”, Sea-Shore was “cocking a
snook” against Technik-Soil. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 32.

I found the case to be of no assistance. In that case, the defendant-hirers of
a tractor complained that the plaintiff (which had brought the suit claiming
for hire arrears) had failed to mitigate its damage by not repossessing the
tractor. The court observed that, by making such a submission, the defendants
appeared to be “cocking a snook” against the plaintiff, since it was the
defendants who were in possession of the tractor and who had failed to
disclose its whereabouts to the plaintiff. In the present case, the very
existence of the goods on the Premises at the material time was in dispute and
Technik-Soil had not shown me that all of the Equipment claimed were present
at the Premises at the material time, much less that Sea-Shore had disposed of
them or that they had gone missing due to Sea-Shore’s act or omission. All
that was shown, from Sea-Shore’s evidence, was that Technik-Soil had some
equipment at the Premises in November 2014 and that these had been scrap sold
by Sea-Shore (see [47] and [48] below). Technik-Soil could not prove which
particular pieces of equipment (from among the Equipment or otherwise) had
been disposed of by Sea-Shore. This would have been well within Technik-Soil’s
ability to prove and it was incumbent on Technik-Soil to keep proper and
complete records of the movement of its equipment in and out of the Premises.

47 In the round, I found that the only pieces of equipment belonging to
Technik-Soil which were at the Premises at the material time were the items
that Sea-Shore had sold to Metal Recycle, as reflected in Metal Recycle’s PO.
I will deal with the issue of the precise identity of each piece of equipment
later.

Did Sea-Shore sell Technik-Soil’s equipment?

48 Mr Magintharan suggested to Balan that Sea-Shore did not sell Technik-
Soil’s equipment to Metal Recycle and that they were sold to someone else for
a higher price. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

26/6/18 NE 71 and 104.

This was a bare assertion, which Balan denied. I accepted that Sea-Shore had
sold what was left of Technik-Soil’s equipment on the Premises to Metal
Recycle. Sea-Shore produced Metal Recycle’s PO dated 15 November 2014. It was
not disputed that Metal Recycle is a genuine entity as evident from an ACRA
business profile search done by Technik-Soil itself, 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

DB 569–570.

and there is no evidence that Metal Recycle was in any way related to Balan or
Sea-Shore so as to suggest any suspicious dealings between them in relation to
the sale of Technik-Soil’s equipment. Balan had also stated that the sale was
recorded in Sea-Shore’s accounts, which Technik-Soil has not challenged. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

26/6/18 NE 102–103.

Sea-Shore’s right to sell Technik-Soil’s equipment

49 The next question is whether Sea-Shore had a right to sell or dispose of
Technik-Soil’s equipment to discharge the unpaid rent. It was not disputed
that the Service Agreement did not expressly provide for a right of sale.
Also, such a right cannot be implied based on the test in Sembcorp Marine Ltd
v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193 of
giving the contract business efficacy. In any event, this is not Sea-Shore’s
pleaded case. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

10/7/18 NE 32.

50 Sea-Shore premised its right to sell on Technik-Soil’s 2013 Letter. The
2013 Letter states as follows:

In our last meeting, you mentioned to scrap sale our equipment by end of this
month. We faced difficulties in collecting payment from our main contractor
despite our desperate plead.

Kindly allow us until 31.5.13 to full relocate of our equipments. My promised,
if we fail to do so by 31.5.13, you can scrap sale off our equipment.

Sea-Shore’s case is that the 2013 Letter was Technik-Soil’s offer to allow
Sea-Shore to scrap sell its equipment to satisfy its rent arrears, an offer
which Sea-Shore accepted by conduct, namely, by refraining from scrap selling
the equipment until 31 May 2013. Consideration was furnished through Sea-
Shore’s forbearance to scrap sell its equipment until that date (“the
Purported Scrap Sale Agreement”). 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 13; 10/7/18 NE 31.

51 Mr Kamil relied on Ang Sin Hock v Khoo Eng Lim [2010] 3 SLR 179 (“Ang Sin
Hock”) to show that Sea-Shore had accepted Technik-Soil’s offer contained in
the 2013 Letter by conduct. In Ang Sin Hock, acceptance by conduct was
demonstrated by the plaintiff’s forbearance to sue and the plaintiff’s reply
letter to the defendant. The plaintiff had evinced an intention to sue the
defendant, and the defendant thereafter promised to pay the plaintiff what was
owing to him (“the defendant’s offer”). The Court of Appeal found that the
plaintiff had accepted the defendant’s offer by refraining from commencing
legal proceedings and that this was evidenced by a subsequent letter from the
plaintiff to the defendant accepting the defendant’s offer. Hence a valid,
fresh contract had been entered into between the parties and there was
sufficient consideration through the plaintiff’s forbearance to sue.

52 The present case was distinguishable from Ang Sin Hock. To begin with, the
formation of a contract is assessed objectively and a party’s acceptance of a
contract must be sufficiently clear and unequivocal (Compaq Computer Asia Pte
Ltd v Computer Interface (S) Pte Ltd [2004] 3 SLR(R) 316 at [36]; Midlink
Development Pte Ltd v The Stansfield Group Pte Ltd [2004] 4 SLR(R) 258 at
[48]–[52]). Whilst Technik-Soil may have, in the 2013 Letter, stated that Sea-
Shore could scrap sell the equipment if Technik-Soil could not relocate them
by 31 May 2013, there was no evidence that Sea-Shore had accepted this
proposal. Sea-Shore did not reply to the 2013 Letter and its conduct in
allowing Technik-Soil to continue storing its equipment at the Premises until
31 May 2013 is equivocal. Even without an agreement, Sea-Shore could simply
allow Technik-Soil to continue storing its equipment with rent accruing, as
indeed happened until November 2014. Moreover, as Sea-Shore did not have a
right to scrap sell the equipment in the first place (other than its reliance
on the 2013 Letter), its forbearance to scrap sell cannot be consideration.

53 Sea-Shore did not point to any correspondence after the 2013 Letter in
which the Purported Scrap Sale Agreement was reached. None of the demand
letters that Sea-Shore sent in 2014 referred to the Purported Scrap Sale
Agreement. Even after Technik-Soil’s lawyers wrote to Sea-Shore’s lawyers on 8
January 2015 to inform Sea-Shore that its equipment was missing from the
Premises and that Sea-Shore should return Technik-Soil’s equipment failing
which Technik-Soil would commence legal proceedings, Sea-Shore’s lawyers’
reply on 16 January 2015 made no mention whatsoever of this Purported Scrap
Sale Agreement.

54 Indeed, the Purported Scrap Sale Agreement (and any acceptance by conduct
of the 2013 Letter) was inconsistent with Sea-Shore’s subsequent conduct. Not
only did it not proceed to scrap sell Technik-Soil’s equipment after May 2013,
it continued to allow Technik-Soil to store its equipment at the Premises for
well over another year (while charging further rental). I accepted Shin’s
evidence that Deen had agreed to allow Technik-Soil to continue storing its
equipment at the Premises on condition that Technik-Soil made some partial
repayments to the outstanding rent, which Technik-Soil did in June and July
2013. Hence, going by Shin’s evidence, the initial plan to relocate the
equipment outside the Premises (and hence to give Sea-Shore the right to scrap
sell the equipment if Technik-Soil failed to do so by 31 May 2013) was no
longer afoot. As Balan confirmed, Sea-Shore did not immediately order a scrap
sale of Technik-Soil’s equipment even in June and July 2013 because Technik-
Soil had made the three payments totalling $20,000.

55 Balan also admitted that even after the 1st Demand Letter in October 2014
(in which Sea-Shore’s right to scrap sell was not raised), Sea-Shore continued
to allow Technik-Soil to store its equipment at the Premises. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

26/6/18 NE 49.

He also admitted that Deen informed him to give Technik-Soil a chance to pay
up as it was a long-time customer – hence Sea-Shore’s 2nd Demand Letter which
was sent thereafter. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Balan’s AEIC at para 31.

Whilst Sea-Shore had, in the 2nd Demand Letter, informed Technik-Soil to pay
the outstanding arrears failing which Sea-Shore would “take such appropriate
actions as [it] deem[s] fit to sell/dispose of [Technik-Soil’s equipment]
without any further notice”, Sea-Shore did not mention the Purported Scrap
Sale Agreement, nor argue that this constituted a fresh agreement (as to Sea-
Shore’s entitlement to scrap sell Technik-Soil’s equipment). 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 17–26.

Technik-Soil’s request on 17 October 2014 for an extension of time to pay did
not acknowledge or accept that Sea-Shore had a right to dispose of its
equipment in satisfaction of the outstanding rent, and Sea-Shore did not re-
assert its right of sale in the 3rd Demand Letter.

56 The evidence above showed, on balance, that the Purported Scrap Sale
Agreement was never formed in 2013 and, even if it were, that the parties had
subsequently conducted themselves in a manner that suggested that they no
longer intended to be bound by it. Hence I found that Sea-Shore had no right
to sell Technik-Soil’s equipment to discharge Technik-Soil’s rent arrears.

Sea-Shore’s liability

57 As I found that Sea-Shore had no right to sell Technik-Soil’s equipment to
discharge the rent arrears, Sea-Shore was liable in conversion, as there has
been an unauthorised dealing with Technik-Soil’s equipment (which title
remained with Technik-Soil under cl 6 of the Service Agreement): Tat Seng
Machine Movers Pte Ltd v Orix Leasing Singapore Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 1101 at
[45]. I stress that the converted equipment is limited to those listed on
Metal Recycle’s PO, since I found that Technik-Soil failed to prove that there
were other pieces of equipment at the Premises at the material time. Technik-
Soil’s claim in detinue substantially overlaps with its claim in conversion,
but its claim for relief for delivery up of its equipment is no longer
available as whatever equipment remained at the Premises at the material time
has been sold off.

58 In its closing submissions, Technik-Soil no longer relied on a claim for
breach of contract. I also did not have to consider whether Sea-Shore had a
duty to look after Technik-Soil’s equipment stored at the Premises; Mr
Magintharan agreed that this issue would not arise if I was not satisfied that
any of Technik-Soil’s equipment (apart from the equipment sold to Metal
Recycle) was missing as it claimed. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

10/7/18 NE 36–37.

In any event, cll 2.6 and 4.1 of the Service Agreement expressly state that
Technik-Soil is to maintain adequate insurance coverage (at its own cost and
expense) for its equipment “against loss or damage by flood, fire[,] riot,
burglary and all other risks” and that Sea-Shore “shall not be held liable for
any loss or damage to… [Technik-Soil’s equipment] unless such loss or damage…
is caused by the breach or negligence of [Sea-Shore]…”.

Damages

59 I come to the issue of the damages to be awarded. Technik-Soil claimed in
its pleadings a sum of $2,557,045 as the value of the Equipment, based on Mr
Shin’s own estimated valuation of the Equipment using information on the
internet and other sources. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Defence and Counteclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 11a; 28/6/18 NE 39.

However, Technik-Soil later revised its claim to $2,090,800 as the market
value of the Equipment based on the valuation of its expert valuation
consultant, Mario Mendoza (“Mario”).

60 Technik-Soil also claimed in its pleadings “loss of business revenue from
the usage of the equipment”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 11b.

However this was not raised in closing submissions and in any event Technik-
Soil did not adduce any evidence pertaining to this limb of damages, and I
need say no more.

61 In assessing damages, I was only concerned with the equipment that was sold
to Metal Recycle on 15 November 2014, as I had found that Technik-Soil had not
made out a case that of the Equipment claimed were at the Premises at the
material time and had gone missing as a result of Sea-Shore’s action or fault.
Confining the inquiry to the equipment sold to Metal Recycle, Technik-Soil’s
case is that they should be valued at $875,000. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

26/6/18 NE 84–86.

Crucially, Mr Magintharan conceded that Technik-Soil did not know which
equipment Sea-Shore had sold to Metal Recycle; this could not be ascertained
since the equipment was no longer available for inspection. Its valuation is
based on the assumption that the items reflected on Metal Recycle’s PO
correspond with certain items of the same description in Technik-Soil’s list
of the Equipment. Mario assessed the value of the items in Technik-Soil’s list
of the Equipment in his valuation report, and for the purposes of the
assessment of damages I will refer to the items as they are labelled in his
report. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

3/7/18 NE 2.

I set out in table form Mr Magintharan’s case as to which items in Mario’s
report corresponded to the items sold by Sea-Shore:

Item| Description on Metal Recycle’s PO| Price Metal Recycle paid| Item of
Mario’s report, as assumed by defendant [Corresponding item at para 57 Shin’s
AEIC]| Mario’s valuation  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| Used pantel boring machine (5 units) (“PO Items 1–5”)| $15,000 in total| A1
to A5 – Drilling rig DHJ40 (Japan), auger motor, screw rods and screw
bit[Items 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5]| $68,000  
2| B1 – Drilling rig PX600 (Italy)[Item 6]| $50,000  
3| B2 – Drilling rig PX608 (Italy)[Item 7]| $74,000  
4| B3 – Drilling rig SS200 (Korea)[Item 8]| $6,000  
5| B4 – Drilling rig SS300 (Korea)[Item 9]| $7,000  
6| Used boring machine (spoilt engine and hydraulics) (“PO Item 6”)| $5,000|
B5 – Drilling rig SS1000 (Korea)[Item 10]| $74,000  
7| Loose maintenance tools / water pump unit and accessories (4 units) (“PO
Items 7–10”)| $10,000 in total| B10 – Grouting pump MP7-680S (Italy)[Item 15]|
$$238,000  
8| B11 – Grouting pump 4T250 (Italy)[Item 16]| $140,000  
9| B12 – Grouting pump PG-100A (Japan)[Item 17]| $30,000  
10| B13 – Drilling pump MG-50 (Japan)[Item 18]| $64,000  
11| Silo tanks and water tank (5 units) (“PO Items 11–15”)| $10,000 in total|
B28 – Cement Silo 70m3 capacity (Korea)[Item 33]| $33,000  
12| B29 – Cement Silo 60m3 capacity (Korea)[Item 34]| $26,000  
13| B30 – Cement Silo 50m3 capacity (Korea)[Item 35]| $23,000  
14| B31 – Cement Silo 30m3 capacity (Korea) – two units[Item 36]| $34,000
(total)  
15| B54 – Water tank (Singapore)[Item 59]| $8,000  
| | | Total value:| $875,000  
  
Table 1: Technik-Soil’s list of items sold to Metal Recycle

62 For convenience, I will refer to the equipment itemised in Metal Recycle’s
PO as “PO Item(s) [serial number]” as reflected in Table 1 above. It is
relevant to note that in Technik-Soil’s full list of the Equipment, Technik-
Soil actually had a total of 12 drill rigs (which were matched to the
description of PO Items 1–5 and PO Item 6), but six of these were assumed to
be the ones sold to Metal Recycle so as to match the quantity stated on the
PO. Likewise, Technik-Soil had a total of 12 grouting pumps (which were
matched to the description of PO Items 7–10) but four of these were assumed to
be the ones sold to Metal Recycle so as to match the quantity stated on the
PO. It is important to note that each of these items of equipment, even within
the same class of item, were of different models and specifications, different
years of manufacture (where such information was available), and accordingly
different values (according to Mario’s opinion).

63 I next outline briefly the basis of Mario’s valuation:

(a) No physical inspection of the equipment was done as the equipment was no
longer available.

(b) The equipment was presumed to be operational.

(c) Each piece of equipment is ascribed a Base Value derived either from (i)
the cost of a new item of the same specification if that particular piece of
equipment was practically new at the time of valuation (the “Cost of
Replacement, New” or “CRN”); or (ii) the cost of a used item of the same
specification if such pricing information was available (the “Used Cost” or
“Market Data” approach). The Base Value is obtained from the website or by
checking with manufacturers. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

3/7/18 NE 27.

(d) As a general rule, construction equipment lasts for 15 to 20 years. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

3/7/18 NE 17.

For any equipment which has reached or exceeded its useful life of 15 years
and is still operational, a residual value of 15% to 20% of the CRN is
ascribed. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Mario’s AEIC at p 16.

(e) The value ascribed to each item of equipment was based on the fair market
value at 28 November 2014 (“current value”). 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

3/7/18 NE 11 and 19.

(f) The current value of each equipment is based on its Base Value, to which a
percentage of depreciation is applied based on the asset’s year of manufacture
and life span. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

3/7/18 NE 15 and 24.

Where the Base Value was derived from a Used Cost, the percentage of
depreciation would take into account the depreciation already factored into
the Used Cost. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

3/7/18 NE 30.

64 Additionally, Technik-Soil’s case is also that it did not have five
“compressor units” which are reflected on Metal Recycle’s PO (and reflected as
being sold for $20,000 in total), and that the reference should be to five
“turbo mixer plants” instead. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 31.

I will return to this item later.

65 Sea-Shore argued, on the other hand, that the equipment that were left on
its premises were only worth $60,000, the price at which Sea-Shore sold them
to Metal Recycle for scrap. Sea-Shore does not admit that any of the equipment
listed by Shin and valued in Mario’s report correspond to the equipment that
Sea-Shore sold. Sea-Shore called Mohamed Ali B Darius (“Mohamed Ali”) as its
valuer. Mohamed Ali merely opined that Mario’s report did not comply with the
International Valuation Standards (“IV Standards”) for valuing assets as no
physical inspection of the assets were carried out and Mario had simply
assumed that the equipment was operational when he valued them.

Applicable principles

66 The measure of damages is essentially the market value of the converted
equipment at the date of conversion or the cost of replacing the converted
equipment (Marco Polo Shipping Co Pte Ltd v Fairmacs Shipping & Transport
Services Pte Ltd [2015] 5 SLR 541 at [28]–[33]). However, in proving its
entitlement to damages, Technik-Soil must show both the fact of damage and its
amount, and there must be sufficient evidence of the quantum of loss suffered
even if Technik-Soil would otherwise have been entitled to such quantum
(Biofuel Industries Pte Ltd v V8 Environmental Pte Ltd [2018] SGCA 28 at
[41]).

67 If it is clear that some substantial loss has been incurred, that an
assessment is difficult because of the nature of the damage is ordinarily no
reason to award no damages or merely nominal damages. In Robertson Quay
Investment Pte Ltd v Steen Consultants Pte Ltd and another [2008] 2 SLR(R)
623, the Court of Appeal accepted that the proof of damage requires a flexible
approach, with different occasions calling for different evidence with regard
to certainty of proof, depending on the circumstances of the case and the
nature of the damages claimed (at [30]). Where the plaintiff has attempted its
level best to prove its loss and the evidence is cogent, the court should
allow recovery.

68 Such guidance is readily applicable where uncertainty is inherent in the
nature of the damages sought; for instance, where the head of damages involves
postulating about the effects of a counterfactual scenario, isolating the
effects of the tortious cause, or postulating about the future. But the
difficulty before me is a different one: uncertainty surrounds the very
identity of the equipment to be valued, and its nature and condition. Technik-
Soil faced difficulty in even identifying what items of equipment were
converted in the first place, and this was largely due to the fact it had
failed to keep proper records of what equipment was at the Premises at the
material time.

69 At first blush, the difficulty faced by Technik-Soil (in identifying what
equipment had been converted by Sea-Shore and in proving the condition and
value of such equipment) appeared to be the result of Sea-Shore’s wrongful
sale of the equipment. This would appear to trigger the maxim omnia
praesumuntur contra spoliatorem – that everything is presumed against the
spoiler or wrongdoer. There are authorities that suggest that a person who,
having converted property, refuses to produce it such that its exact value may
be known is liable for the greatest value that such an article could have
(Coldman v Hill [1919] 1 KB 443 at 458; Armory v Delamirie (1722) 1 Stra 505,
93 ER 664) (“the Armory principle”). In modern authorities, the Armory
principle has been accepted and restated by the English courts as raising an
evidential presumption in the claimant’s favour, giving him the benefit of any
relevant doubt where the defendant has made it difficult or impossible for him
to adduce relevant evidence (see Browning v Brachers [2005] EWCA Civ 753;
Glenbrook Capital LP v Hamilton [2014] EWHC 2297 (Comm) (“Glenbrook Capital
LP”) at [42]–[44]). Likewise, the High Court of Australia has affirmed a
principle that “[t]he trial judge … may think it proper to draw inferences in
favour of the appellants, if it is concluded that the respondent’s wrong
itself made quantification difficult” (Murphy v Overton Investments Pty Ltd
[2004] HCA 3 at [74], citing Armory v Delamirie at footnote 48).

70 Although the authorities do not necessarily speak with one voice on the
application of the Armory principle, it is clear that the principle is subject
to some qualifications. First, the full rigour of an adverse presumption
applies only where a party has intentionally and in bad faith destroyed or
refused to produce the subject matter in question so as to prevent the
claimant from adducing evidence that could prove his case (see, eg, Zabihi v
Janzemini & Ors [2009] EWCA 851 (“Zabihi”) per Moore-Bick LJ). Next, it should
only apply where the wrongdoer’s acts make it difficult or impossible for the
innocent party to prove its loss or where the facts needed to prove the loss
are known solely by the wrongdoer and he does not disclose these facts to the
innocent party (Ticketnet Corporation v Air Canada (1997) 154 DLR (4th) 271 at
[85]–[86]), cited in Bangle v Lafreniere, 2012 BCSC 256 at [38]). Further, any
presumption must still be consistent with the rest of the facts of the case
and founded on the evidence that has been presented (Colbeck v Diamanta (UK)
Ltd [2002] EWHC 616; Glenbrook Capital LP at [44]; Double G Communications Ltd
v News Group International Ltd [2011] EWHC 961 at [8]). In other words, the
Armory principle is not a licence for the court to engage in pure guesswork.
Bearing in mind that the identity of the converted equipment is disputed in
the present case, I note in particular that in Zabihi, Blackburne J at first
instance (whose decision was affirmed by the Court of Appeal) declined to
apply the Armory principle in its fullest force because it must be
“temper[ed]… to the fact that [the claimant was] not able to establish just
what the goods were” (emphasis added). It must be noted that in Zabihi, it was
not disputed that the plaintiff claimant had handed over certain jewellery to
the defendant tortfeasor and had informed the defendant of the price he
expected the defendant to sell them for.

71 With these qualifications in mind, I was not satisfied that any evidential
presumption should be raised against Sea-Shore. There was no evidence that it
had wilfully sold the equipment or refused to produce them in order to prevent
Technik-Soil from giving evidence. Sea-Shore had believed (albeit erroneously)
that it was entitled to sell Technik-Soil’s equipment to discharge the rental
arrears that Technik-Soil owed to Sea-Shore. Furthermore, although the sale of
Technik-Soil’s equipment has made it difficult for Technik-Soil to prove the
condition of the equipment as a physical inspection was no longer possible, it
was its responsibility to keep track of the identity of its equipment and
their movement into and out of the Premises. Sea-Shore was not obliged to keep
an inventory of Technik-Soil’s equipment. The specifications of each equipment
were also within Technik-Soil’s knowledge, as evidenced by its ability to
particularise details such as the model, make and year of manufacture of some
65 types of equipment (totalling more than 200 units) it claimed for. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 57 (see table therein).

Therefore, Technik-Soil bore the legal and evidential burden of proving first,
what particular equipment was on the Premises at the material time when they
were converted by Sea-Shore and second, the value of that equipment.

72 In relation to expert evidence, a judge should not substitute his own views
for those of an uncontradicted expert (Saeng-Un Udom v Public Prosecutor
[2001] 2 SLR(R) 1 at [25]–[27]). On the other hand, a court must not
unquestioningly accept unchallenged evidence. Evidence must be weighed and
evaluated in the context of the factual matrix and the objective facts, and an
expert’s opinion “should not fly in the face of proven extrinsic facts
relevant to the matter”. In reality, substantially the same rules apply to the
evaluation of expert testimony as they would to other categories of witness
testimony (Sakthivel Punithavathi v Public Prosecutor [2007] 2 SLR(R) 983 at
[76]). Hence, while a judge is not obliged to accept the opinion of an expert,
even where there is no contrary opinion, such rejection must be based on sound
grounds (Lo Sook Ling Adela v Au Mei Yin Christina and another [2002] 1 SLR(R)
326 at [48]).

My decision on the value of the equipment

73 I first summarise my decision on the quantum of damages before explaining
my grounds in detail. To prove its entitlement to damages, Technik-Soil had to
prove:

(a) the identity, specifications and condition of the equipment present at the
Premises at the time Sea-Shore sold them to Metal Recycle; and

(b) the valuation of these equipment.

74 As I had found that the only items of equipment that Sea-Shore had
converted were those reflected on Metal Recycle’s PO, it was only relevant to
assess Technik-Soil’s claim that selected items among the Equipment
corresponded to those reflected in the PO (see Table 1).

75 I rejected Technik-Soil’s valuation of the drill rigs, water pumps, silo
tanks and water tank (which were said to correspond to the PO Items 1–15). I
found that Technik-Soil could not reliably identify which equipment these were
and what condition they were in. There was no perceptible basis for its
assumption that a selected few of its drill rigs and water pumps corresponded
to PO Items 1–10 or that the silo tanks and water tank corresponded to PO
Items 11–15. This was a fatal flaw because Technik-Soil claimed that even
within the same class of equipment (eg, among the drill rigs), each particular
item differed in make, model, year of manufacture and value, and the range of
fair market value (on Technik-Soil’s own case) was wide. Technik-Soil also did
not have a defensible basis for its valuation, particularly because the
valuation was undertaken on the premise that the equipment was operational
when there was no evidential foundation for such a premise. Pertinently,
Technik-Soil claimed that after all the Relocated Equipment was moved to the
Premises in October and November 2010, only eight of the 198 units of the
Relocated Equipment was removed from the Premises for use, 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 15 (see table therein).

leaving 190 units on the Premises for some four years (ie, up to October 2014
when Technik-Soil first claimed that some of its equipment was missing). As
such, it is unclear whether the 190 units forming the bulk of the Relocated
Equipment left at the Premises for such a long time were even operational or
functional (even if I accepted that any or all of them were at the Premises at
some point in time).

76 Therefore, given the state of the evidence, I accepted that the price paid
by Metal Recycle to Sea-Shore was the best evidence of the value of the
equipment at the time of conversion. I now explain in detail the findings
summarised above.

PO Items 1–5 and PO Item 6 (“Used Pantel boring machines” and “Used boring
machine (spoilt engine and hydraulic)”)

77 PO Items 1–5 were described on Metal Recycle’s PO as “Used Pantel boring
machines” while PO Item 6 was described as a “used boring machine (spoilt
engine and hydraulic)”. For Technik-Soil to prove that it is entitled to
damages exceeding the price paid by Metal Recycle for these items, it had to
prove a higher valuation of the same equipment. This required first proving
the factual foundation for its higher valuation, ie, what equipment is being
valued, of what specifications and in what condition. For PO Items 1–6,
Technik-Soil claimed that Items A1 to A5 (drill rig, auger motor, screw rods
and screw bit) in Mario’s list together corresponded to one of these six
units, while the drill rigs itemised by Mario as Items B1 to B5 corresponded
to the remaining five. I found no reliable evidence of which particular items
in Mario’s list corresponded to PO Items 1–6.

78 First, Technik-Soil’s selection of equipment as those corresponding to PO
Items 1–6 was completely arbitrary. Technik-Soil claimed to have lost 12 drill
rigs; 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 57, items 1, 6–14, 64–65.

these are Items A1 (to A5), B1 to B9, C1 and C2 of Mario’s report. However, it
had chosen to assume that PO Items 1–6 corresponded to the first six of the 12
drill rigs (ie, Items A1 (to A5) and B1 to B5). I was unable to accept this
method of attribution. The 12 drill rigs were not of the same make, model,
capacity or even year of manufacture, and Mario had assigned a different
market value to each of them, ranging from $6,000 to $149,000. Without proper
documentation of which drill rigs remained on the Premises at the time of the
tort (or whether the drill rigs that Sea-Shore had sold were even from the
list of the Equipment), Technik-Soil’s approach in randomly selecting six out
of 12 drill rigs and making a claim for those drill rigs was arbitrary.

79 Next, I had difficulty accepting that certain drill rigs were even present
at the Premises at the time of the tort because there was inadequate
documentation supporting the acquisition, presence or movement of these drill
rigs (including the six assumed to have been the ones converted):

(a) Based on the Checklists, it was doubtful whether Item A2 (auger motor) and
Item A3 (11 screw rods) had even arrived at the Premises on 1 November 2010 as
Technik-Soil had claimed (see [26] above). It was also doubtful whether Item
A4 (screw rod) was delivered to the Premises on 1 November 2010 as Technik-
Soil claimed, because Shin admitted that Technik-Soil only purchased this item
in June 2014 (see [36] above).

(b) Second, it was unclear whether Item B1 (drill rig PX600), which Technik-
Soil claimed was moved in and out of the Premises on numerous occasions, was
indeed returned to the Premises eventually. The documents Shin produced to
support the movement of Item B1 were unreliable and incomplete. At best they
showed the movement of vehicles but not the equipment transported, and
documentation was also missing for certain trips to and from the Premises (see
[31] above). I also add that Shin’s supporting documents on Item B1 showed
that the item was owned by Soiltec Ital, Korea Co Ltd (of which Shin happened
to be a director) and not by Technik-Soil 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 5, item 6; para 57, item 6 and Annex B of Exhibit SYK-1 at
p 50.

and there was no evidence to show that Item B1 was leased or loaned to
Technik-Soil at the material time. Without an interest as hirer or owner of
the goods, Technik-Soil had no right to claim in the tort of conversion for
Item B1.

(c) Third, it was doubtful whether Item B5 (drill rig SSD1000) was moved to
the Premises on 2 November 2010, as the item reflected on the Checklist (by
way of a handwritten notation by Shin) was not countersigned to show that it
had arrived at the Premises, although Shin maintained that the Checklist was
100% accurate (see [27] above). There were also no documents to show that
Technik-Soil had acquired or leased Item B5. Even if Item B5 was first moved
to the Premises on 2 November 2010, it is unclear if (as Shin claimed) Item B5
was transported back to the Premises on 26 July 2012 after it was removed from
the Premises on 10 April 2012 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 15, Drill Rig SSD 1000.

– again the documents produced merely showed movement of a vehicle on 26 July
2012 to the Premises but not what it transported.

(d) Fourth, as for Item B8 (drill rig GT1001) which formed part of the
Additional Equipment, I had found that there was no evidence that Technik-Soil
had first moved this equipment to the Premises on 25 October 2014 (see [40]
above).

(e) As for Items B3, B4 and B7 (drill rigs SS200, SS300 and YBM-3), Technik-
Soil did not produce any documents supporting its acquisition (or lease) of
the items, save that they were itemised in the Checklist for their move to the
Premises on 30 October 2010.

80 Therefore, I was unable to accept Technik-Soil’s assumption that Items A1
to A5 and B1 to B5 correspond with PO Items 1–6, because I was not satisfied
that all these items were at the Premises at the material time. Even if six
drill rigs must have been on the Premises because they were sold to Metal
Recycle, there was no evidence as to which six these were among Technik-Soil’s
12 drill rigs (or whether the six rigs were even from these 12 rigs). Technik-
Soil’s documentation of the movement of equipment to and from the Premises was
inadequate and the transportation invoices did not state the equipment
transported.

81 Further, even if I were prepared to consider awarding Technik-Soil the
minimum value of six drill rigs among its list of 12 drill rigs, I was not
prepared to rely on Mario’s valuation, for the following reasons:

(a) There was no basis for Mario’s assumption that the equipment was
operational, as no inspection was done, and he relied only on Technik-Soil’s
assertion that they were operational. However, Technik-Soil had not produced
any evidence that the equipment was regularly maintained or serviced or any
reliable evidence of recent use of the equipment. Based on Technik-Soil’s own
case, only two of the 12 drill rigs moved to the Premises (ie, drill rigs
PX600 and SSD1000) were ever deployed for construction projects and hence
there was no evidence that the other 10 were even operational.

(b) Mario’s valuation was based on photographs of the equipment provided to
him by Technik-Soil. As earlier noted, some of the photographs were dated and
could not have provided him with an accurate picture of the condition of the
equipment in November 2014.

(c) Mario’s ascription of the Base Value of the equipment was sourced from the
internet or inquiries with suppliers, but he did not provide supporting
documentation so that the Base Value could be verified. Further, even where
Technik-Soil had provided evidence of its actual cost of acquisition of a
particular equipment, Mario did not utilise that figure. I found this
especially problematic for Item B8 (jet grouting machine GT1001), for which
the invoice for purchase states that Technik-Soil acquired it at a price of
$4,800. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Shin’s AEIC, Annex B of Exhibit SYK-1 at p 118.

In contrast, Mario obtained a Base Value of $67,317 and a valuation of $43,000
after depreciation.

(d) For several items (eg, Items B3, B4, B5, B6), Mario was unable to
ascertain the year of purchase or manufacture, and Technik-Soil did not supply
any documentation of the same. It was thus unclear how Mario could assess the
condition of the equipment and the appropriate depreciation value. Even where
he specified a year of purchase or manufacture, he admitted that he was making
an assumption based on his internet searches on the equivalent model numbers
and it was not clear that these particular models were produced in only one
production run. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

3/7/18 NE 15–16.

(e) For Items A1 to A5, which Technik-Soil claimed corresponded to PO Item 1,
Mario provided a composite valuation without a breakdown of the values
ascribed to the individual items. Since I had doubts that Items A2 to A4 were
at the Premises at the time of the tort, I would have only considered the
value of Items A1 and A5, if at all. But there was no evidence as to how Items
A1 and A5 would be individually valued.

82 Therefore, for PO Items 1–6, I accepted that the price paid by Metal
Recycle was the best evidence of the value of these items. I accepted that
there were some weaknesses in Sea-Shore’s evidence of the value of these
items. For example, Sea-Shore did not call for an open auction or obtain a
valuation from an experienced valuer. Its method of sale was rather more
haphazard; in Balan’s words, Sea-Shore simply “invited many people [to view
the equipment at the Premises] and took the highest bid”. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

26/6/2018 NE 100.

Balan did not give evidence about the profile of potential buyers that Sea-
Shore invited, such as whether they were all scrap dealers or used machinery
dealers. Nonetheless, the value obtained on Sea-Shore’s sale was based on a
physical inspection of the equipment’s condition at the time of sale. Sea-
Shore adduced photographs showing the condition of some of Technik-Soil’s
equipment remaining on site as of August 2014, and Balan explained, using the
photographs, why the equipment was not in serviceable condition. On balance,
the price paid by Metal Recycle was the best evidence of the equipment’s value
at the time of the tort.

PO Items 7–10 (“Loose maintenance tools / water pump unit and accessories”)

83 Turning to PO Items 7–10, the “loose maintenance tools / water pump unit
and accessories (4 units)”. Technik-Soil asked the court to assume that PO
Items 7–10 correspond with Items B10 to B13 (grouting pumps and drilling
pumps) in Mario’s report. For similar reasons as those given in relation to
the drill rigs, I had difficulty in coming to such a conclusion.

84 First, Shin claimed to have lost 12 units of pumps – see items 15 to 23 of
the table to para 57 of his AEIC, which correspond to Items B10 to B18 of
Mario’s report. Again, given that the 12 pumps are not of the same make,
model, capacity or even year of manufacture, and that Mario had assigned
different market values to each of them (from as little as $5,000 to as much
as $238,000), I had difficulty in accepting Mr Magintharan’s method of
attribution. As with the drill rigs (or boring machines as described in Metal
Recycle’s PO), Technik-Soil did not identify which pumps Sea-Shore had sold to
Metal Recycle. Moreover, Sea-Shore had assumed that this category of items
comprised of only grouting and drilling pumps, which is at variance with the
description on Metal Recycle’s PO, which refers to “loose maintenance tools”
and “accessories” as well.

85 Second, I had difficulty accepting that certain pumps were even present at
the Premises at the time of the tort:

(a) It was unclear from Technik-Soil’s own document whether Item B10 (grouting
pump MP7-680S), which it claimed was first removed from the Premises on 20
January 2011 was ever returned to the Premises eventually. Shin’s record of
movements to and from the Premises for Item B10 was unreliable (see [31]
above). Also, the transportation invoice from SAM Transportation which showed
a vehicle going to the Premises on 25 October 2014 (which Technik-Soil relied
on to show that that was the last time that Item B10 was moved back to the
Premises) did not state the items transported to the Premises. Lim Kek Hian
from SAM Transportation did not mention a grouting pump being transported on
that day (see [40] above).

(b) For Item B16 (one IPC1000 pump) the text of the air waybill produced by
Technik-Soil to prove its purchase of the said item 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Shin’s AEIC, Annex B of SYK-1 at p 192; DB 242.

was illegible and failed to show what equipment Technik-Soil had purchased.

(c) For Item B17 (one JP300 pump), I had earlier found that this pump was not
even moved to the Premises in the first place on 1 November 2010 as it was not
listed in the Checklist (see [28] above).

(d) For Item B18 (two JP600 pumps) which Technik-Soil claimed were on the
Premises at the material time, I had earlier found that one pump was
unaccounted for and the other pump was not even moved to the Premises in 2010
in the first place (see [28] and [36] above).

86 I also add that for Items B13, B14 and B15 (one MG50 pump, two MG10 pumps
and two IPC800 pumps respectively), no documents supported Technik-Soil’s
acquisition of these items save that they were itemised in the Checklist dated
1 November 2010.

87 Given the above, I was unable to accept Technik-Soil’s assumption that
Items B10 to B13 corresponded with PO Items 7–10. Even if four units of “loose
maintenance tools/accessories and water pump” must have been on the Premises
because they were sold to Metal Recycle, the evidence was not clear as to
whether all the four units were water pumps and whether and which four pumps
these were among Technik-Soil’s 12 pumps.

88 Further, even if I were prepared to award the minimum value of four water
pumps (relying on the four lowest values among the 12 pumps), I had difficulty
accepting Mario’s valuation of the water pumps for similar reasons I have
given in relation to the boring machines/drill rigs at [81(a)]–[81(c)] above.
I add that for B13, B14, B15 and B16, there was no evidence of the year of
manufacture or year of purchase, so there was no factual foundation upon which
the depreciation of the equipment could be assessed.

89 Therefore, for PO Items 7–10, I also accepted that the price paid by Metal
Recycle was the best evidence of the value of these items.

PO Items 11 – 15 (“Silo tanks” and “water tank”)

90 Finally, I turn to PO Items 11–15, which were “five units silo tanks and
water tank”. Technik-Soil submitted that these were Items B28 to B31 and Item
B54 (water tank) of Mario’s report. Again, I found that Technik-Soil had not
shown, on balance, that Items B28 to B31 corresponded with what was stated in
Metal Recycle’s PO, and in any event, I found Technik-Soil’s valuation of the
silo tanks and water tank to be unpersuasive.

91 For a start, Mr Magintharan referred to B28 to B31 as the four cement silos
corresponding to Metal Recycle’s PO. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

26/6/18 NE 82.

However, B31 actually comprised two cement silos of 30m3 capacity each, so
Technik-Soil’s list contained five cement silos in total. Since the quantity
of five units was specified in Metal Recycle’s PO against the description of
“silo tanks and water tank” combined, I found, on balance, that Metal Recycle
purchased four silo tanks and one water tank as reflected in the PO. If so,
there was again no reliable evidence of which particular silo tanks (from
among the five that Technik-Soil claimed to have moved into the Premises or
otherwise) corresponded with the four silo tanks in Metal Recycle’s PO. As
with the drill rigs and water pumps, this was problematic because each of the
five silos that Technik-Soil claimed were on the Premises were of different
capacities and year of manufacture.

92 In fact, in the Checklists dated 29 and 30 October 2010, a total of seven
silos were apparently transported from Jalan Papan to the Premises, 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 13; Annex B of Exhibit SYK-1 at pp 52, 54, 289 and 291.

and there was no indication of what happened to the additional two (or three)
silos that Technik-Soil was not claiming for. I reiterate that, even if I
accepted what was stated in the Checklists and that there were seven silos in
total placed at the Premises for the first time on 29 and 30 October 2010,
this did not mean that some of them were not subsequently removed from the
Premises and this is supported by the fact that Technik-Soil is not making a
claim for all seven silos. So the four silos that Metal Recycle purchased
could have been from any of these seven, not just from the five that Technik-
Soil had chosen to particularise.

93 As for the water tank, Technik-Soil made a claim for one unit. However, the
Checklist of 29 October 2010 showed two water tanks transported from Jalan
Papan to the Premises and another eight water tanks transported out of Jalan
Papan. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Shin’s AEIC, Annex B of SYK-1, p 289 (items 52, 53, 57, 60 and 62).

Shin claimed that the Checklists showed all the equipment transported from
Jalan Papan to the Premises over five days from 29 October to 2 November 2010.
122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 13.

It was doubtful that all the water tanks had arrived at the Premises on 29
October 2010 (as no corresponding signature or record was made for some of the
water tanks entering the Premises) and, in any event, Shin also stated that
some items were eventually sold. Ultimately, the Checklist suggested that
Technik-Soil had a number of water tanks, but only one was left on the
Premises at the time of the tort. It was unclear if the water tanks were
generic, and Technik-Soil did not produce any documents to show the
specifications or model of the particular water tank that it was making a
claim for. Hence there was no factual basis for Mario’s valuation of the water
tank. Although Lim Kek Hian of SAM Transportation testified that a vehicle
from his company had transported a cement silo and a water tank to the
Premises on 25 October 2014, 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

29/6/18 NE 65.

this did not assist me in ascertaining the specifications of the water tank or
the four cement silos that were sold to Metal Recycle.

94 Further, even if I accept that Sea-Shore had sold five (and not four) silo
tanks to Metal Recycle (in addition to one water tank), I did not accept
Technik-Soil’s valuation.

95 For the water tank (Item B54), Technik-Soil did not provide any evidence of
its specifications and condition to enable the court to assess its value. This
is problematic as there is no factual basis to accept Mario’s valuation and
also because, as stated above, Technik-Soil’s own Checklist suggested that
Technik-Soil owned numerous water tanks at the material time. There was no
documentary evidence of the year of purchase or manufacture, or of the
dimensions and model of the water tank. Therefore, there was no factual
foundation for Mario’s assessment of the water tank’s value and the
depreciation value (30%) accorded to the water tank, and I thus rejected the
value put forth by Mario. Given the paucity of evidence, I accepted that the
price paid by Metal Recycle was the best evidence of the water tank’s value.

96 For the cement silos (Items B28 to B31), Technik-Soil had produced
documents evidencing their purchase or lease. The documents state the capacity
of four cement silos and the year that Technik-Soil acquired or leased them.
However, Mario’s valuation was not based on cement silos of the same
dimensions and capacity. I set the different specifications out in the table
below:

Cement silo| Specifications in Shin’s documentation| Specifications used for
Mario’s valuation| Mario’s valuation (after depreciation)  
---|---|---|---  
B28 124

##### Foot Note 124

× Shin’s AEIC p 287B.  | 70.07m3 capacity (dimensions 9.72m x 2.7m x 2.67m)Purchased in 2005| 70m3 capacity (dimensions 2.5m x 2.5m x 12m)Lifespan calculated from year 2005| $33,000  
B29 125

##### Foot Note 125

× Shin’s AEIC p 295. | 66.94m3 capacity (dimensions 10m x 2.47m x 2.71m)Purchased in 2002| 60m3 capacity (dimensions 2.5m x 2.5m x 11m)| $26,000  
B30 126

##### Foot Note 126

× Shin’s AEIC p 303. | 50 tonPurchased in 2006(Model year reflected as 1998) 127

##### Foot Note 127

× Shin’s AEIC p 303. | 50m3 capacity (dimensions 2.4m x 2.4m x 10m)| $23,000  
B31 128

##### Foot Note 128

× Shin’s AEIC p 315. | Two units of 30 ton eachLeased in 2010| 30m3 capacity (2.4m x 2.4m x 8m)| $34,000 (total)  
  
97 It was unclear whether, for Items B30 and B31, a 50-ton and 30-ton cement
silo are equivalent to 50m3 and 30m3 in capacity respectively. The
documentation for Item B28 described the goods as “Cement Silo 50Ton” but it
was 70m3 in capacity. Technik-Soil did not adduce evidence of the actual
dimensions and capacity (in cubic metres) of Items B30 and B31. There was also
no evidence supporting the dimensions and capacity that Mario used to value
all the cement silos. Further, as Item B31 was leased in 2010, it was likely
to have been manufactured before that date; without evidence of its year of
manufacture, it was not possible to reliably assert a depreciation value. In
addition, Mario did not apply a consistent method in arriving at the
depreciation ratio for the cement silos. Though Item B28 was a year older than
Item B30, the asset condition of Item B28 was valued at 35% of the cost of a
new cement silo of its specification, whereas the asset condition of Item B30
was valued at 30%. Similarly, though Item B29 and Item B30 were purchased in
2002 and 2006 respectively, the asset condition of both Items B29 and B30 were
valued at 30% of the cost of a new cement silo of their respective
specifications. Finally, Mario’s valuation of the cement silos suffers from
the same general deficiencies observed at [81(a)]–[81(c)] above, ie, an
unsubstantiated assumption that the silos were in working condition,
photographs that were outdated or not probative, and a lack of supporting
documents for the Base Value that Mario sourced from the internet.

98 Therefore, I was unable to accept Mario’s assessment of the value of the
cement silos. I reiterate that it is for Technik-Soil to prove its loss and
the quantum of such loss. Given the state of the evidence, I accepted that the
price paid by Metal Recycle for the cement silos was the best evidence of
their value.

Conclusion on damages

99 Given the deficiencies in the evidence presented by Technik-Soil, I
accepted that the price paid by Metal Recycle to Sea-Shore was the best
evidence of the value of the equipment at the time of conversion. Technik-Soil
is entitled to $40,000, the price which Metal Recycle paid for PO Items 1–15.

100 The PO also states that five “compressor units / hydraulic units” were
sold to Metal Recycle for $20,000. In its closing submissions, Technik-Soil
asserted that this reference to “compressor units” (which Technik-Soil never
owned any of) referred to five units of “turbo mixer plants” in the list of
the Equipment. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 31.

Its assertion was not supported by any evidence. Sea-Shore’s case is that the
items sold to Metal Recycle were found in the area of the Premises designated
for Technik-Soil’s equipment and it has credited these items as belonging to
Technik-Soil. As the physical existence of the equipment in that designated
area was not in doubt (as Balan was present when the equipment was sold to
Metal Recycle) and I accepted that the price Metal Recycle paid was the best
evidence of the value of the equipment that Technik-Soil had on the Premises
at the material time (even if the type of equipment cannot now be determined
with certainty), the amount of $20,000 (in Metal Recycle’s PO) paid for this
category of equipment should be credited to Technik-Soil. In any event, Sea-
Shore was not making a claim to “re-set” this amount.

101 Finally, I noted that in the PO, Sea-Shore allowed Metal Recycle a
deduction of $20,000 from the total purchase price for transportation and
repairs. According to Balan, the repairs were to be carried out on PO Item 6,
the boring machine which was stated to be “spoilt”. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

26/6/18 NE 115–116.

The remaining pieces of equipment, according to him, were beyond repair and
were to be scrapped, as reflected in the lower value paid for them. For
starters, Sea-Shore should not be allowed to claim for any transportation
costs against Technik-Soil for Metal Recycle to transport the items that Sea-
Shore had wrongfully converted. Second, as Metal Recycle had paid Sea-Shore
what the former thought was fair value for the items, it is unclear why it
should be allowed to deduct further costs to repair PO Item 6 and how such
costs should then be off-set against the price it paid for the items. In any
event, such cost should not be borne (ultimately) by Technik-Soil. Hence, no
amount should be deducted for transportation and repair costs.

102 Accordingly, I awarded Technik-Soil $60,000 in total on its counterclaim.
As Sea-Shore had set off $40,000 against the outstanding rent, I ordered a
further sum of $20,000 to be paid by it to Technik-Soil, with such sum to be
set off against the judgment debt that Technik-Soil owed Sea-Shore in the main
claim – Mr Kamil confirmed that Sea-Shore did not object to such set-off.

103 In the final analysis, it must be remembered that Technik-Soil chose to
mount its case on the basis that there were 214 units of Equipment on the
Premises that Sea-Shore had converted. I had found this to be dubious.
Technik-Soil could not in the alternative simply assume certain items of
Equipment as the items sold to Metal Recycle when it had not reliably produced
evidence of which particular items of equipment (whether from the list of
Equipment or otherwise) were actually on the Premises at the material time.
Such evidence would have been within Technik-Soil’s possession and knowledge.

Costs

104 Mr Kamil submitted that Sea-Shore should be awarded the costs for the
application for judgment on admission at $6,000, and 50% of the cost of the
action. Mr Magintharan submitted that each party should bear its own costs. I
ordered the costs of the application for judgment on admission be awarded to
Sea-Shore fixed at $6,000 (inclusive of disbursements) as Sea-Shore had
succeeded on that application. I further ordered that each party bear its own
costs of the action. Whilst Sea-Shore had succeeded on its claim for the
rental arrears (being a straightforward claim), I had found Sea-Shore to be
liable in conversion of Technik-Soil’s equipment and thus Technik-Soil had
succeeded on its counterclaim, albeit the damages awarded were not
substantial.

Audrey Lim  
Judicial Commissioner

Mohamed Nawaz Kamil and Wong Joon Wee (Providence Law Asia LLC) for the
plaintiff;  
S Magintharan, Vineetha Gunasekaran and Tan Xiyun Benedict (Essex LLC) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

