Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 02

Tribunal Appeal No 28 of 2016

In the matter of Section 29 of the Work Injury Compensation Act (Cap 354, 2009
Rev Ed)AndIn the matter of Order 55 Rule 1 of the Rules of Court(Cap 322, R 5,
2014 Rev Ed)  
---  
  
Between

(1)| CHINA TAIPING INSURANCE (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD  
---|---  
(2)| CLUB SONATA PTE LTD  
  
… Applicants

And

(1)| LOW YI LIAN CINDY  
---|---  
(2)| LOW DE YOU  
(3)| LOW YI LING ANN  
(4)| TAN MUI TANG  
  
… Respondents

JUDGMENT

[Employment Law] — [Work Injury Compensation Act]

[Statutory Interpretation] — [Construction of statute]

[Statutory Interpretation] — [Definitions]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
China Taiping Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another

  
v

  

Low Yi Lian Cindy and others

[2018] SGHC 02

High Court — Tribunal Appeal No 28 of 2016  
George Wei J  
12 October 2017

4 January 2018 Judgment reserved.

George Wei J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal under s 29 of the Work Injury Compensation Act (Cap 354,
2009 Rev Ed) (“WICA”) and O 55 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014
Rev Ed) against the whole of the decision of the learned Assistant
Commissioner on 3 November 2016. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Record of proceedings (“ROP”), p 3.

The issues before this court concern the legal capacity of the respondents to
make any claim under the WICA in relation to a workplace accident which
resulted in the death of the employee, in the absence of a grant of
representation by grant of probate or letters of administration.

2 After hearing arguments and submissions, I reserved judgment which I now
deliver.

Background facts

3 The brief facts as set out below are largely adopted from the decision of
the learned Assistant Commissioner dated 3 November 2016 (“the Decision”) and
are generally not in dispute.

4 Mr Low Ngak Boon (“the deceased”) was working at his workplace, Innotel
Hotel, on 14 August 2014 when he started having breathing difficulties. After
alerting a colleague, the deceased was taken by ambulance to the hospital
where he was subsequently pronounced dead from a heart attack. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

The Decision (at ROP, p 28), para 2; Applicants’ submissions at para 1;
Applicants’ Bundle of documents (“ABD”), pp 32–35 (autopsy report).

5 On 22 June 2015, a Fatal Accident Statement (“FAS”) was made by the next of
kin of the deceased, namely Low Yi Lian Cindy, Low De You, Low Yi Ling Ann and
Tan Mui Tiang, the respondents. I note that the FAS was signed only by the 4th
respondent, Tan Mui Tiang, who was the deceased’s widow. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ABD, p 44.

I return to this at the end of the judgment (see [94] below).

6 On 16 July 2015, a Notice of Assessment was issued by the Ministry of
Manpower (“MOM”) stating that the compensation payable was $146,823.75. A
claim under the WICA was lodged by the respondents. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

The Decision, para 3.

The applicants (the deceased’s employer and the latter’s insurer) lodged their
Notice of Objection and the matter was fixed for hearing at the MOM on 11
March 2016. During the pre-trial conferences, no issue on the capacity of the
respondents was raised. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Respondents’ submissions at para 9.

7 On 11 March 2016, after the hearing of some witness testimony, the trial was
adjourned for a second tranche where additional witnesses including the
deceased’s supervisor were to be examined. On 11 July 2016, learned counsel
for the applicants made an oral interlocutory application for the
determination of the issue of whether the respondents were entitled to
continue the proceedings given that they had not been appointed as the
executors or administrators of the estate of the deceased. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Respondents’ submissions at paras 9–10.

Indeed, I note that up to date of the hearing of the appeal, neither letters
of administration nor grant of probate had been granted in respect of the
deceased’s estate.

8 On 18 July 2016, the Assistant Commissioner directed the applicants to file
written submissions. The respondents were given leave to file reply
submissions. On 3 November 2016, the Assistant Commissioner dismissed the
applicants’ interlocutory application to terminate the proceedings. His
reasons are set out in the Decision.

9 On 21 November 2016, the applicants filed an appeal under s 29 of the WICA
to set aside the Assistant Commissioner’s decision of 3 November 2016 and the
Notice of Assessment dated 16 July 2015.

The decision below

10 The Assistant Commissioner summarised the issue before him at [4] of the
Decision as “whether the [next of kin] needed to obtain Grant of Probate … or
Letter of Authority … before lodging a claim under WICA”.

11 In reaching his decision, the Assistant Commissioner took into account the
decision of the Court of Appeal in SGB Starkstrom Pte Ltd v Commissioner of
Labour [2016] 3 SLR 598 (“Starkstrom”) as well as Teo Gim Tiong v Krishnasamy
Pushpavathi (legal representative of the estate of Maran s/o Kannakasabai,
deceased) [2014] 4 SLR 15 (“Maran”). The Assistant Commissioner commented at
[6] of the Decision that “[b]oth cases deal with threshold issues and
emphasize the need for those acting for claimants who are incapacitated in one
way or the other … [to] be duly authorized in law to do so” [emphasis and
internal quotation marks omitted]. The Assistant Commissioner found that both
cases were distinguishable for the reasons which he set out in the Decision,
and proceeded to dismiss the application.

The issue in this appeal

12 The applicants submit that the main issue in the appeal is whether the next
of kin of a deceased worker who passed away intestate can make a valid claim
for compensation under the WICA, without first having obtained letters of
administration to represent the estate of the deceased worker. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Applicants’ submissions at para 26.

13 The applicants also submit that closely connected or arising from the main
issue is the question of whether the common law principle that only a person
who has obtained letters of administration has the locus standi to act on
behalf of the estate of the deceased worker has been abrogated by ss 6, 9 and
27 of the WICA. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Applicants’ submissions at para 27.

14 Whilst it is proper and convenient to have regard to the applicants’
framing of the issues to be decided, I observe that the issues arise in the
context of an application by the dependants of the deceased for work injury
compensation payable in the case of an accident resulting in death. This is
made clear by the FAS in which the identities of the four dependants (the
respondents) are set out in Part 5 of the Statement. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ABD, pp 42-45.

I shall return to the FAS below.

The WICA framework: Rationale, key definitions and procedures

Rationale

15 This can be dealt with briefly as the general points are well-known and
summarised in Kee Yau Chong v S H Interdeco Pte Ltd [2014] 1 SLR 189. A few
points will suffice. The long title of the statute states that the WICA is
“[a]n Act relating to the payment of compensation to employees for injury
suffered in the course of their employment.” The WICA has a long history. It
has been amended numerous times and dates back to the Workmen’s Compensation
Act (Act 25 of 1975) and beyond.

16 At the second reading of the Work Injury Compensation (Amendment) Bill 2011
(Bill 18 of 2011) (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (21
November 2011) vol 88), acting Minister of Manpower Tan Chuan-Jin explained
the Government’s thinking behind the WICA and the 2011 amendments thus:

… [T]he Work Injury Compensation Act … is a piece of social legislation that
aims to provide low-cost and expeditious resolution of work-related injury
claims … In 2010, a total of $76.5 million in compensation was awarded for
permanent incapacity and death. On top of that, an estimated $20 million was
paid out by employers and insurers for medical leave wages and medical
expenses for both minor and serious injuries ...

The changes proposed in the Bill are based on two key principles. The first is
to strike a fair balance between compensation for the injured worker and
obligations placed on the employer or insurer. The second is to ensure that
the WICA framework remains expeditious and workers are able to receive
compensation promptly.

Balancing the interests of the injured worker and the employer or insurer is
critical because WICA is a no-fault regime, similar to other WICA regimes
overseas. This means that injured workers will receive compensation as long as
the accident occurred out of and in the course of work, regardless of which
party was at fault. Therefore, the obligations placed on the employers and
insurers in areas such as compensation and liability must necessarily be
limited. Injured workers who feel they deserve higher compensation, do have
the option to file a civil claim, if they can prove negligence of the party
they are claiming against.

17 I pause to stress that whilst the WICA speaks of “compensation to
employees” and advances the goal of “[b]alancing the interests of the injured
worker and the employer or insurer”, the WICA regime also speaks to the
interests of dependants of a deceased worker who as a result of the accident
and death of the worker find that they have lost their source of income and
financial support.

18 As will be discussed in more detail below, dependency claims are separate
and distinct from claims on behalf of the estate of the deceased worker. The
point I make at the outset is that the statement by the acting Minister of
Manpower that one objective of the 2011 amendments was “to ensure that the
WICA framework remains expeditious and workers are able to receive
compensation promptly” applies equally to dependency claims. Indeed, the
Explanatory Statement to the Workmen’s Compensation Bill 1975 (Bill 5 of 1975)
stated that one objective behind the repeal and re-enactment of the Workmen’s
Compensation Act was to “provide for more effective enforcement and
administration and for swifter remedies”. The Explanatory Statement also noted
that the changes made by the 1975 Bill included an amendment to the definition
of “dependant” “so that a person who falls within one of the specified
categories of relatives will not have to prove actual dependency in order to
obtain compensation where a workman has been involved in a fatal accident.”

19 The WICA does not replace or remove any common law right of action.
Instead, the goal of the WICA is to set up a statutory scheme linked with
insurance to provide quick means for compensation. In broad terms, two main
goals (leaving aside for the moment any interplay between the goals) are to
provide quick basic no-fault compensation for:

(a) employees injured by accidents during or arising in employment, where the
compensation is for the employee (and his estate if relevant); and

(b) dependants for loss of dependency.

Key definitions

20 Section 2 of the WICA defines “dependant”, in respect of a deceased
employee, as meaning:

the wife, husband, parent, grandparent, step-father, step-mother, child,
grandchild, step-child, brother, sister, half-brother, half-sister, step-
brother and step-sister irrespective of whether that person is actually
dependent on the employee’s earnings or not and for the purpose of this
definition —

(a) the child of a deceased employee shall be deemed to include the
illegitimate child of that employee and any child whose adoption by him has
been registered under the Adoption of Children Act (Cap. 4); and

(b) the parent of a deceased employee shall be deemed to include the father
and the mother of an illegitimate child and the person who has registered the
adoption of any child under the Adoption of Children Act …

21 Section 2(3) provides that “[a]ny reference to an employee who has been
injured shall, unless the context otherwise requires, where the employee is
dead, include a reference to his legal personal representative or to his
dependants or any of them.”

22 It is noted that there is no requirement for a dependant to prove “actual
dependency”. Further, it bears underscoring that the definition of “dependant”
is not the same as the definition of “next of kin” in terms of the persons
entitled to claim against the estate of a deceased person on intestacy. For
example, an illegitimate child is not entitled to a claim against the estate
on intestacy (see Intestate Succession Act (Cap 146, 2013 Rev Ed), ss 6 and 7;
AAG v Estate of AAH, deceased [2010] 1 SLR 769 at [39]).

Liability for compensation

23 Part II of the WICA deals with compensation for injury. Section 3(1)
states:

If in any employment personal injury by accident arising out of and in the
course of the employment is caused to an employee, his employer shall be
liable to pay compensation in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

24 Section 3(1) is framed in terms of the duty (liability) of the employer to
pay compensation under the WICA. It does not deal with the questions of who is
entitled to start proceedings under the WICA, how the compensation is
assessed, and who is entitled to claim payment against the compensation fund
as determined under the WICA.

Procedure

Notices and claims

25 In a broad sense, the procedure for starting proceedings under the WICA is
set out in s 11 which provides, inter alia, as follows:

Notice and claim

11.—(1) Except as provided in this section, proceedings for the recovery of
compensation for an injury under this Act shall not be maintainable unless —

(a) notice of the accident has been given to the employer by or on behalf of
the employee as soon as practicable after the happening thereof;

(b) a claim for compensation with respect to that accident has been made
within one year from the happening of the accident causing the injury, or, in
the case of death, within one year from the date of the death; and

(c) the claim has been made in such form and manner as the Commissioner may
determine.

(2) No notice to the employer shall be necessary where a fatal accident has
occurred.

26 WICA proceedings are not maintainable by the injured employee if the
required notice of the accident has not been given to the employer. The duty
is on the employee to give notice as soon as practicable. The notice may be
given either in writing or orally (s 11(5)). Notice to the employer is not
however required where a fatal accident has occurred. In the present case, it
follows that there was no necessity for notice to be provided to the
deceased’s employer either by the representatives of the deceased employee or
by the dependants.

27 Section 11(1)(b) of the WICA goes on to provide that the claim for
compensation must be made within one year of the accident or the death of the
employee. It is noted that the one-year period is very much shorter than the
limitation period for bringing common law claims in tort for personal
injuries. The claim must be made in the form and manner as determined by the
Commissioner, ie, the Commissioner for Labour.

Reports

28 Regulation 4 of the Work Injury Compensation Regulations (Cap 354, Rg 1,
2010 Rev Ed) (“the WICR”) deals with the making of a “report” by the employee
or the dependant who intends to make a claim for compensation. It provides:

Making of report by employee or dependant

4.—(1) Where —

(a) an employee has been injured in an accident in the course of his
employment; or

(b) an employee has died as a result of an accident in the course of his
employment,

the employee or a dependant of a deceased employee who intends to make a claim
or has made a claim for compensation under the Act, and who has not received
compensation from the employer of the employee, may make a report to the
Commissioner.

(2) Any report made under paragraph (1) shall be in writing and made in such
form and manner as the Commissioner may determine.

(3) Where a report made under paragraph (1) is in writing by the Commissioner,
the report shall be signed by the employee or the dependant, as the case may
be, to the effect that the facts recorded by the Commissioner are accurate to
the best of the employee’s or dependant’s knowledge and belief.

29 The report under the WICA may be made by (i) the employee or (ii) the
dependant of the deceased employee. There is no express requirement that the
dependant must be a legally appointed representative of the deceased’s estate.
Indeed, it is stressed that the reference to dependant in Reg 4 is framed in
terms of “a dependant of a deceased employee who intends to make a claim for
compensation”.

Notice to the Commissioner and the insurer

30 Section 12 of the WICA imposes on the employer the duty of giving notice to
the Commissioner and his insurer of every “prescribed event” within the
prescribed time frame. Regulation 3(1) of the WICR defines the prescribed
events and provides, inter alia, that where the accident results in death,
notice must be given within 10 days of the accident. It is noted that the WICA
envisages parallel notice requirements: duties imposed on the employer and
those imposed on the employee or the dependant of the deceased employee.

Change of address

31 Detailed provisions on change of address can be found in s 12A of the WICA.
For example, s 12A(1) states:

Where any claim for compensation has been made under this Act by an employee
or by a person acting on behalf of an employee who is dead or lacks capacity
within the meaning of the Mental Capacity Act (Cap. 177A), and the
Commissioner has reason to believe that there is a change during the currency
of the claim in the address used by the employee or the person for the
purposes of the claim, the Commissioner may serve a notice on the employee or
the person, as the case may be, requesting for particulars of any change in
address.

32 The short point is that this provision is concerned with ensuring that the
Commissioner has updated records of the address of the employee, or where the
employee is dead or lacks capacity under the Mental Capacity Act (Cap 177A,
2010 Rev Ed) (“the MCA”), the address of the person who is acting on behalf of
the employee. The provision does not apply in respect of claims for
compensation by a dependant of the deceased employee.

Appointment of representatives

33 Special provisions on the appointment of a representative for any party to
the WICA proceedings are set out in Regs 14 and 15 of the WICR:

When representative must be appointed

14. Where any party to a proceeding is a minor or is unable to make an appearance because he is mentally incapacitated or is dead, the Commissioner shall appoint a suitable person, who consents to the appointment, to represent the party for the purposes of the proceedings. 

When new representative to be appointed

15. If the Commissioner considers that the interests of any party for whom a representative has been appointed under regulation 14 are not being adequately protected by that representative, or if a person appointed to act as representative dies, or becomes incapable of acting, or otherwise ceases to act as such, the Commissioner shall appoint in the representative’s place another person who consents to the appointment. 

34 It follows that if a dependant is a party to the proceedings and is
mentally incapacitated, the Commissioner has the power to appoint a “suitable
person” to represent that party.

Inquiries, assessments of compensation and objections

35 Regulation 5 of the WICR provides that after the report is made by the
employee or dependant, the Commissioner may make inquiries on the matter in
issue from the employer or the principal (essentially the person who
subcontracts with the employer for the latter to carry out works).

36 The Commissioner is empowered under s 24(1) of the WICA to assess the
compensation “payable to any person on any application made by or on behalf of
that person.” Once the compensation is assessed, s 24(2) requires the
Commissioner to serve on the employer and the person claiming compensation a
notice of the assessment setting out the amount payable. If the employer or
person making the compensation claim objects to the notice of compensation, a
notice of objection must be given to the Commissioner within the prescribed
time-limit (ss 24(3) and 24(3A); Reg 6 of the WICR).

37 Detailed provisions on the computation of compensation are found in Part
II, Division 2 of the WICA and Part IV of the WICR. Where death has resulted
from the injury, the compensation sum is derived from the deceased employee’s
“true monthly earnings” and the appropriate multiplier (see s 8(1) of the
WICA; Reg 16 of the WICR).

Hearing of the objection

38 The Commissioner is empowered under ss 25A and 25B of the WICA to make
orders and give directions for the determination of a claim, including the
holding of pre-hearing conferences.

39 Thereafter, the Commissioner is empowered to conduct a hearing of the case,
to hand down the decision and to make any order for payment of compensation as
he thinks just, at or after the hearing (s 25D).

40 Special provisions on the appearance of parties are set out in s 27(1). For
convenience, I set out the provision in full:

Appearance of parties

27.—(1) Any appearance, application or act required to be made or done by any
person before or to a Commissioner (other than an appearance of a party which
is required for the purpose of his examination as a witness) may be made or
done on behalf of that person —

(a) by an advocate or solicitor;

(b) with the leave of the Commissioner, by any other person authorised in
writing by that person;

(ba) where the person lacks capacity within the meaning of the Mental Capacity
Act (Cap. 177A) — with the leave of the Commissioner, by —

(i) any dependant of the person;

(ii) any donee of a lasting power of attorney which is granted by the person
under the Mental Capacity Act, and under which the person confers on the donee
authority to manage the person’s property; or

(iii) any deputy who is appointed or deemed to be appointed for the person by
the court under the Mental Capacity Act, and who is conferred power to manage
the person’s property;

(bb) where the person is dead — with the leave of the Commissioner, by any of
his dependants or his estate, whether or not the estate has obtained a grant
of representation;

(c) when that person is an employer, by a person in his permanent and
exclusive employment; or

(d) by his insurer.

41 It should be noted that s 27(1) is not limited to the appearance of the
party at the hearing of an objection. Section 27(1) applies whenever an
application or act is required to be done by any person before or to a
Commissioner, other than giving evidence as a witness. Where the person in
question is dead, the Commissioner is empowered under s 27(1)(bb) to permit
the application or act to be done by (i) the dependants; or (ii) the estate,
irrespective of whether the estate has obtained grant of representation. I
shall return to this provision later.

Entitlement to and payment of compensation

42 Section 6 of the WICA states the following:

Persons entitled to compensation

6.—(1) Compensation under this Act shall be payable to or for the benefit of
the employee or, where death results from the injury, to the deceased
employee’s estate or to or for the benefit of his dependants as provided by
this Act.

(2) Where a dependant dies before a claim under this Act is determined by the
Commissioner, the legal personal representative of the dependant shall have no
right to payment of compensation, and the amount of compensation shall be
calculated and apportioned as if that dependant had died before the employee.

(3) Where a deceased employee has no dependant, the compensation shall be paid
into a fund to be known as the Workers’ Fund which shall be established,
maintained and applied in accordance with regulations made under this Act and
the person managing the Fund shall be entitled to claim the compensation.

43 Section 9 provides that where the injury has resulted in death or permanent
incapacity, the compensation shall first be paid to the Commissioner. Any
payment made directly to the employee or his dependant is deemed not to be
payment of compensation for the purposes of the WICA.

44 Section 22(1) makes express provision for the payment of compensation by
the Commissioner to the dependants of a deceased employee or his estate
without production of a grant of representation. A similar provision in s
22(2) applies in the case of an injured employee who lacks capacity. For
convenience, I set out s 22(1) here in full.

Commissioner may receive and pay to dependants, etc., money due from employer
to employee who is dead or lacks mental capacity

22.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in any written law relating to the
administration or distribution of estates of deceased persons for the time
being in force in Singapore, where it appears to the Commissioner that
compensation or interest is payable to an employee under this Act and the
employee has died before such payment is made, it shall be lawful for the
Commissioner to receive and pay the compensation or interest, without
production of a grant of representation, to any one or more of the dependants
of the deceased employee or to the estate of the deceased employee.

45 In the event that the Commissioner is satisfied after the inquiry that no
dependant of a deceased employee exists or can be traced and the circumstances
are such that there is no reasonable likelihood that any dependant can be
traced, the Commissioner is required to pay the balance of monies to the
Workers’ Fund (s 9(6)).

Variation of the order

46 Section 9(7) of the WICA contains an important power for the Commissioner
(on his own motion or on application) to vary an order as he thinks just,
because of a change in circumstances of any dependant or for any other
sufficient cause. Before exercising this power, any person prejudicially
affected must be given an opportunity to show cause as to why the order should
not be made. No order shall require a dependant to repay any sum already paid
except where the payment was obtained by fraud or other improper means (s
9(8)).

Death and causes of action: Estate claims and dependency claims

The backdrop

47 Where an accident results in death of the victim, a number of complementary
and indeed occasionally competing interests may arise for consideration. These
include:

(a) whether the cause of action vested in the victim survives his death for
the benefit of his estate;

(b) whether the victim’s dependants have an independent claim for damages in
respect of their loss of support (the financial value of the dependency);

(c) whether any dependant has a right to claim damages for bereavement; and

(d) whether any other third party has a right to claim against the tortfeasor,
for example, for psychiatric injury resulting from being a witness to the
accident or because the victim was a valuable employee of a third party and
time and expense is incurred in finding a replacement.

48 The interplay between an estate claim and a dependency claim was discussed
in AOD (a minor suing by his litigation representative) v AOE [2016] 1 SLR 217
(“AOD”). AOD concerned a young road traffic accident victim who suffered
severe injuries resulting in a shortened life expectancy. One issue was
whether damages could be given for the loss of earnings across all the years
of life which the victim would have had if he had not met with the accident.
It was in this context that observations were made on a lost-years claim by a
living plaintiff, a deceased plaintiff’s estate, and a dependency claim (see
[194], [201], [248], [260] and [261]).

49 The High Court in AOD noted at [181] and [185] that the common law rule
that no action could be brought for loss suffered through the killing of
another was changed by Parliament through s 10 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43,
1999 Rev Ed) (“CLA”). After the victim dies, the cause of action survives for
the benefit of the deceased’s estate.

50 Lord Scarman in Pickett (Administratrix of the Estate of Ralph Henry
Pickett Deceased) v British Rail Engineering Ltd [1978] 3 WLR 955 at 981E
recognised that the question as to who are the parties that have suffered loss
and ought to be compensated is not an easy one to answer. The deceased victim
(as represented by his estate) has of course suffered loss. At the same time,
the dependants of the deceased victim have also suffered loss: the financial
support of the deceased.

51 In AOD, the court observed at [179]–[182] that three distinct types of
claims have developed in English and Singapore law:

(a) a living plaintiff’s claim for loss of income during the lost years;

(b) an estate claim under s 10 of the CLA for a deceased plaintiff’s loss of
income during the lost years; and

(c) a claim by the dependants for the loss of the value of their dependency
under s 20 of the CLA.

AOD was in fact concerned with the first type of claim.

52 Turning to a claim for loss of dependency following death, the High Court
in AOD at [184] noted Woo Bih Li J’s observation in Lassiter Ann Masters
(suing as the widow and dependant of Lassiter Henry Adolphus, deceased) v To
Keng Lam (alias Toh Jeanette) [2005] 2 SLR(R) 8 at [12]–[29] that Singapore’s
law on fatal accidents and claims for loss of income was originally based on
the common law principle that a personal action dies with the person. Because
of the injustice that dependants were thought to suffer from losing their sole
breadwinner in an accident caused by a defendant’s negligence, the United
Kingdom (“the UK”) passed the Fatal Accidents Act 1846 (c 93) (UK) which
enabled prescribed classes of dependants to bring an action for loss of
dependency against a tortfeasor who caused the death of their relatives (now
see s 1 of the Fatal Accidents Act 1976 (c 30) (UK)). The equivalent provision
in Singapore is s 20 of the CLA.

53 The question naturally arose as to the relationship between the estate
claim (s 10 of the CLA) and the dependency claim (s 20 of the CLA). As
discussed in AOD at [189], the courts were soon concerned with the potential
unfairness to a defendant arising from the possibility of double recovery by
the estate and by the dependants under statute, ie, the possibility that an
estate claim and a dependant’s claim could both succeed simultaneously,
resulting in the defendant having to pay damages twice for the same loss
caused.

54 The UK Parliament eventually intervened by passing the Administration of
Justice Act 1982 (c 53) (UK). The Act amended the Law Reform (Miscellaneous
Provisions) Act 1934 (c 41) (UK) (“the 1934 LRA”) by adding that an estate
does not inherit actions for “damages for loss of income in respect of any
period after that person’s death”. This essentially precluded an estate from
bringing a lost-years claim after the plaintiff’s death. Singapore followed
suit in 1987; the same amendment (in pari materia) can be found at s
10(3)(a)(ii) of the CLA.

55 The key point is that there is now no potential overlap anymore between the
estate claim and dependency claim in respect of the deceased’s lost earnings
post-death. Even though the dependency claim under s 20 of the CLA is usually
mounted by the executor or administrator of the estate of the deceased, the
dependency claim is on behalf of and for the benefit of the dependants. Whilst
s 10(5) of the CLA states that the rights conferred for the benefit of the
estates of deceased persons shall be in addition to and not in derogation of
any rights conferred on the dependants of deceased persons by s 20, an estate
claim cannot be brought for loss of income after death.

56 This is the backdrop against which the WICA and claims by dependants must
be viewed. Indeed, it bears repeating that the beneficiaries of an estate
claim (next of kin) are not necessarily the same persons as the dependants who
are entitled in respect of a dependency claim. For example, while an
illegitimate child is not entitled to claim on intestacy, he is treated as a
dependant under the WICA even though he is not a beneficiary of the estate of
the deceased (see [22] above).

Dependency claims

57 Section 20 of the CLA deals with the right of action for wrongful acts
causing death. Section 20(1) provides:

Right of action for wrongful act causing death

20.—(1) If death is caused by any wrongful act, neglect or default which is
such as would (if death has not ensued) have entitled the person injured to
maintain an action and recover damages in respect thereof, the person who
would have been liable if death had not ensued shall be liable to an action
for damages, notwithstanding the death of the person injured.

58 Such actions are for the benefit of the dependants of the deceased person
(s 20(2)). The claim must be brought by and in the name of the executor or
administrator of the deceased (s 20(3)). It is only if there is no executor or
administrator of the deceased, or if no action is brought within six months
after the death by and in the name of an executor or administrator of the
deceased, that “the action may be brought by and in the name of all or any of
the persons for whose benefit an executor or administrator could have brought
it” (s 20(4)).

59 The term “dependant” for the purposes of s 20 of the CLA is defined in s
20(8) as meaning:

(a) the wife or husband or former wife of the deceased;

(b) any parent, grandparent or great-grandparent of the deceased;

(c) any child, grandchild or great-grandchild of the deceased;

(d) any person (not being a child of the deceased) who, in the case of any
marriage to which the deceased was at any time a party, was treated by the
deceased as a child of the family in relation to that marriage;

(e) any person who is, or is the issue of, a brother, sister, uncle or aunt of
the deceased.

60 Section 20(9) states that in deducing any relationship for the purposes of
s 20(8):

(a) an adopted person shall be treated as the child of the person or persons
by whom he was adopted and not as the child of any other person; and

(b) subject to paragraph (a), any relationship by affinity shall be treated as
a relationship by consanguinity, any relationship of the half-blood as a
relationship of the whole blood, and the stepchild of any person as his child
and an illegitimate person shall be treated as the legitimate child of his
mother and reputed father.

61 Assessment of damages in respect of an action under s 20 of the CLA is
dealt with by s 22. Section 22(1) provides that:

… [T]he court may award such damages as are proportioned to the losses
resulting from the death to the dependants respectively except that in
assessing the damages there shall not be taken into account —

(a) any sum paid or payable on the death of the deceased under any contract of
assurance or insurance;

(b) any sum payable as a result of the death under the Central Provident Fund
Act (Cap. 36); or

(c) any pension or gratuity which has been or will or may be paid as a result
of the death.

62 Section 22(1A) states that in assessing the damages under s 22(1):

the court shall take into account any moneys or other benefits which the
deceased would be likely to have given to the dependants by way of
maintenance, gift, bequest or devise or which the dependants would likely to
have received by way of succession from the deceased had the deceased lived
beyond the date of the wrongful death.

Decision

The applicants’ case in general

63 The applicants’ position is that the respondents lacked locus standi to
institute proceedings or to make a claim for compensation under the WICA since
letters of administration had not been obtained. The respondents’ lack of
capacity rendered the Notice of Assessment null and void. The applicants take
the position that where a claimant has passed away intestate, a claim for
compensation can only be made on behalf of the deceased’s estate if letters of
administration have been obtained. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Applicants’ submissions at para 3.

64 In support of this position, the applicants rely on s 37(1) of the Probate
and Administration Act (Cap 251, 2000 Rev Ed) which states that where a person
dies intestate, his real and personal estate (including any cause of action
which accrued whilst the deceased was alive and which survives his death)
vests in the Public Trustee. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Applicants’ submissions at paras 29–30.

The vesting in the Public Trustee ceases only on the grant of administration
(s 37(4)).

65 The applicants point to a long line of case authorities underscoring the
basic position that the person named in the grant of probate is only cloaked
in authority to deal with the estate when grant is extracted (see Chay Chong
Hwa and others v Seah Mary [1983-1984] SLR(R) 505 and Maran). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Applicants’ submissions at para 32.

Applicability of the Maran case

66 In Maran’s case, the victim had been seriously injured in a traffic
accident and was in a vegetative state. A Committee of Persons (“COP”) was
appointed to represent the victim and to manage his affairs. A suit for
negligence was commenced in the Subordinate Courts (now the State Courts). A
consent interlocutory judgment on liability was entered. During the assessment
of damages hearing, an open offer of settlement at $500,000 was made. A
counter-offer was made by the victim through the COP to settle at $850,000.
The victim subsequently passed away before damages was assessed. The
deceased’s mother obtained an order of court so as to be made a party to the
proceedings as the legal representative of the deceased. Thereafter, the offer
to settle at $500,000 was purportedly accepted. A dispute then arose as to
whether the respondent was entitled to accept the offer to settle at $500,000,
inter alia, because letters of administration had not been obtained at the
time the offer was accepted.

67 Chao Hick Tin JA, delivering the grounds of decision of the Court of
Appeal, started with the observation at [14] that following the death of the
victim, the action was being pursued as the estate’s claim for damages under a
cause of action that survived death under s 10 of the CLA. The court was not
concerned with a dependency claim under s 20 of the CLA.

68 The Court of Appeal noted at [16] that if the victim had already died and
the action had been commenced by a person without letters of administration,
the action would clearly have been a nullity. The position would have been
different if the victim had left a will with a named executor, since
executorship takes effect from death. There would have been no need for
probate before the executor could apply to be substituted in place of the
deceased in the action (at [21]). After reviewing prior case law, the Court of
Appeal remarked at [31] that:

… In cases of intestacy, the court jealously guards the assets – including
causes of action – of the deceased’s estate through the procedure by which
letters of administration are granted. If this is the position where the writ
has not yet been filed, there seems no good reason why this protection should
be lifted where the writ has already been commenced but the plaintiff dies
intestate before it has been finally determined. The underlying public
interest – the preservation of the assets of the estate – is the same and the
estate’s worth may be frittered away as much through the process of litigation
as by the commencement of an action.

69 The Court of Appeal found at [19] that the respondent was not properly
authorised to act for the estate since it was clear that she had not been
granted letters of administration. It followed that all subsequent acts taken
on behalf of deceased’s estate were nullities, including, in particular, her
purported acceptance of the offer to settle.

70 The short response to the applicants’ reliance on Maran’s case, however, is
that the Court of Appeal was not concerned with a claim by dependants under
the WICA. Maran’s case involved a claim brought by the injured victim for and
on his own behalf. At the time when the negligence suit was brought, he was
alive albeit in a vegetative state. Nevertheless, the negligence suit had
properly been instituted by the COP appointed to act on his behalf. The
problem was that on his death, the negligence action for damages was pursued
as the estate’s claim under a cause of action that survived death (see s 10(1)
of the CLA). It was not a dependency claim mounted under s 20 of the CLA by a
dependant of a deceased person.

Applicability of the Starkstrom case

71 The second case relied on by the applicants is the decision of the Court of
Appeal in Starkstrom. In this case, Tan Yun Yeow (“TYY”) was employed by the
appellant. Following a workplace accident, he suffered serious injuries and
became mentally incapacitated as a result. His brother, Rodney Tan (“Rodney”),
was eventually appointed as his deputy under the MCA. Prior to his appointment
as a deputy, Rodney purported to make a claim on behalf of his brother TYY
under the WICA. On appeal, the primary question raised was whether Rodney had
the capacity, prior to being appointed as a deputy under the MCA, to make an
election on behalf of the Injured Employee to seek relief under the WICA (at
[3]).

72 Sundaresh Menon CJ, delivering the grounds of decision of the Court of
Appeal, started with the useful observation at [1] that “[t]he WICA
establishes a statutory compensation scheme that is available to employees who
suffer injuries in the course of employment” and that the scheme “generally
offers a lower cost alternative to pursuing a common law claim for damages
arising from workplace negligence.” The heads of damages that may be recovered
were however “constrained by the terms of the WICA”, and “[a]n employee who
elects to pursue his claim under the WICA will also forgo his rights at common
law.” It followed that the filing of the disputed claim had important
potential consequences for the injured employee TYY.

73 In Starkstrom, the Commissioner had initially accepted the disputed claim,
and issued a Notice of Assessment to both the appellant and Rodney. Having
received the Notice of Assessment, Rodney changed his mind and maintained that
he wished and was entitled to pursue TYY’s claims at common law. The
Commissioner did not agree with this initially, but changed her position upon
receiving advice from the Attorney-General’s Chambers. She informed the
appellant that the disputed claim was invalid on the basis that Rodney did not
have the authority at the material time to make a valid election on behalf of
TYY to pursue his remedies under the WICA instead of under the common law (at
[2]).

74 Thereafter, the appellant commenced judicial review proceedings. In the
meantime, common law proceedings were commenced by Rodney as deputy of the TYY
against the appellant and other parties. The appellant applied to strike out
the writ and the statement of claim on the basis of s 33(2)(a) of the WICA,
which states that an action for damages is not maintainable if the employee
“has a claim for compensation for that injury under the provisions of this Act
and does not withdraw his claim within a period of 28 days after the service
of the notice of assessment of compensation in respect of that claim” (at
[14]–[15]).

75 Before the High Court, the only issue canvassed was whether a mentally
incapacitated employee's next of kin who had not been appointed a deputy under
the MCA could nonetheless elect on behalf of that employee to pursue his
remedies under the WICA. This would determine whether the disputed claim was
valid and that in turn could affect TYY’s common law claim for damages given
the effect of s 33(2)(a) of the WICA (at [16]).

76 The Court of Appeal started at [22] with the well-established principle
that one has no power to make decisions or to act on behalf of a mentally
incapacitated person unless properly authorised to do so. In general, being
the next of kin or a close relation of a mentally incapacitated person does
not, without more, confer legal capacity to act on behalf of the latter; such
authorisation must be conferred by law.

77 The decision to claim compensation under the WICA entailed an election
between seeking compensation under the WICA as opposed to relief under the
common law. The Court of Appeal at [24] underscored the point that the
decision was important given the differences between the two avenues for
seeking relief in terms of what must be proved by the claimant as well as what
may be claimed. The Court of Appeal pointed to the fact that whilst the WICA
may offer a more certain, faster and cheaper route to recovery, it will also
usually result in compensation that is less than what would follow upon a
successful claim at common law.

78 The Court of Appeal at [27] rejected the appellant’s submission that the
WICA establishes its own framework which enables a third party to bring a
claim on behalf of an injured employee, even where he has not been appointed
as a deputy under the MCA. The appellant had argued that the WICA had
permissive rules in this regard, and specifically, that the only requirements
were that the representative (a) was acting to claim compensation for the
benefit of the injured employee; and (b) had no interest adverse to the
injured employee (at [26]).

79 Whilst the Court of Appeal agreed at [27] that the WICA contemplated that a
third party may make a claim under its provisions on behalf of a mentally
incapacitated employee (see, for example, ss 12A and 24), the key question was
who may make that claim on behalf of an incapacitated employee. The Court of
Appeal found that the WICA itself was silent as to which third parties may act
on behalf of a mentally incapacitated employee and that this was fatal to the
appellant’s case. In particular, the Court of Appeal stressed that “if the
WICA was intended to establish a regime aside from the MCA enabling a third
party other than a deputy to make an election under the WICA on behalf of a
mentally incapacitated person, we would expect to find explicit language to
that effect” [emphasis in original]. It made no difference if the process for
appointing a deputy under the MCA was costly and time-consuming (at [31]). The
Court of Appeal held at [31] that the objective of enabling an expeditious and
low-cost resolution of work injury claims had “nothing to do with the wholly
separate question of who may act on behalf of a mentally incapacitated
employee.”

80 I pause to comment that the issue of legal capacity is fundamental to the
common law system and the bringing of legal proceedings. Starkstrom concerned
an individual who suffered serious injuries in a workplace accident which
rendered him mentally incapacitated. A mentally incapacitated individual
enjoys rights under and according to law. Numerous decisions will have to be
made in respect of his rights as determined under or granted by law. Hard
choices may have to be made, some of which may have an impact on family,
friends and third parties. For example, leaving aside the question of law on
the existence and scope of a right for an individual to refuse medical
treatment, decisions will have to be made as to whether a comatose victim
wants aggressive medical intervention or experimental treatment. Who has the
right to make the decision on behalf of the comatose individual?

81 Starkstrom concerned the right of the mentally incapacitated victim to
bring proceedings for damages against the tortfeasor who caused his injuries.
The right to bring such proceedings as allowed under the law “belonged” to the
victim and no one else. There was no question of bringing a claim on behalf of
the estate: the injured victim was still alive. There was no question of a
dependency claim. If the decision was properly made to commence a negligence
suit in the courts and the plaintiff-victim subsequently passed away, the
cause of action would survive and continue for the benefit of the estate under
s 10 of the CLA. Maran’s case is authority for the proposition that in such
circumstances, the legal representation of the estate must be resolved before
the action continues. If there is a will, the named executor is able to apply
to be substituted as the plaintiff for and on behalf of the estate. If there
is no will, letters of administration will have to be obtained before the
application for substitution is made.

82 In Starkstrom, the decision whether to claim compensation under the WICA or
bring proceedings for damages for negligence was one which could only have
been made by someone with legal authority to make the decision. Rodney, whilst
the brother of the mentally incapacitated employee, had not been appointed as
a deputy under the MCA. I note that s 23(1) of the MCA empowers the deputy to,
inter alia, have the conduct of legal proceedings in his name or on his
behalf. Starkstrom makes clear at [31] that just because the WICA is social
legislation does not mean that the express provisions and requirements of the
MCA on representation of a mentally incapacitated person are overridden or
qualified.

83 The present case, however, is different from Starkstrom. The deceased died
shortly after the workplace accident. This is not a case of representation of
a mentally incapacitated employee. Under s 10 of the CLA, all causes of action
vested in him survive for the benefit of his estate. Any damages recovered
under the cause of action are for the benefit of the estate.

84 Given that there is no will or letters of administration, s 37(1) of the
Probate and Administration Act vests the deceased’s real and personal estate
(including any cause of action which accrued whilst the deceased was alive and
which survives his death) in the Public Trustee. It follows that any decision
on whether to bring legal proceedings (eg, in negligence) for and on behalf of
the estate under s 10 of the CLA can only be made by the Public Trustee unless
and until administrators are appointed.

85 The position of a dependency claim under s 20 of the CLA is more
complicated. The dependency claim is distinct from the estate claim and is
brought on behalf of the dependants. As noted, the claim under s 20 is
ordinarily mounted by the representative of the estate. In the present case,
no administrators have been appointed. Under s 20(4) of the CLA, if there is
no executor or administrator of the deceased, or if no action is brought
within six months after the death by and in the name of an executor or
administrator of the deceased, “the action may be brought by and in the name
of all or any of the persons for whose benefit an executor or administrator
could have brought it” (see [58] above). The deceased passed away on 14 August
2014. The FAS by the respondents (dependants) under the WICA was only made on
22 June 2015, well after the six-month period referred to in s 20(4) had
expired. The decision by the dependants in respect of the WICA was made at a
time when they could have decided to bring proceedings at common law for
damages pursuant to s 20.

86 For these reasons, I am of the view that Starkstrom does not assist the
applicants. Whilst it is true the Court of Appeal highlighted the material
differences between the right to claim compensation under common law and the
WICA, and the importance of ensuring that the person making an election had
been properly cloaked with the authority to do so, this was in the context of
an election by a living but mentally incapacitated employee.

Applicability of the Hilton case

87 I note that in Hilton v Sutton Steam Laundry [1946] KB 65 (“Hilton”)
(referred to in Maran at [26]), the plaintiff’s husband died in an accident.
She issued a writ against the defendant as administratrix of her husband’s
estate, claiming damages for negligence and breach of statutory duty under the
Fatal Accidents Act 1846 (c 93) (UK) and the Fatal Accidents Act 1864 (c 95)
(UK) (“the Fatal Accidents Acts”) and the 1934 LRA. The statement of claim
stated that she was bringing the action “as administratrix of the deceased’s
estate for the benefit of such estate” under the 1934 LRA and “for the benefit
of herself the sole dependant of the deceased” under the Fatal Accidents Acts
(at 66). At the time, letters of administration had not been taken out by the
plaintiff. A grant of administration was only obtained after the statement of
claim was issued. The English Court of Appeal held at 70–73 that the writ was
a nullity and not validated by the subsequent grant of the letters of
administration.

88 The present case is also different from Hilton. Under the Fatal Accidents
Acts, the dependency claim could only be brought by the executors or
administrators of the estate. That being so, the proceedings commenced by the
plaintiff were fundamentally flawed from the start. In the case at hand, the
claim by the dependants is not under s 20 of the CLA but under the WICA.
Furthermore, the dependants in fact could have chosen to bring an action under
s 20 of the CLA in their own names since no executor/administrator had been
appointed.

Other arguments made by the applicants

89 The Assistant Commissioner, in coming to his decision that the respondents
had the locus standi to make the WICA claim, referred at [14]–[21] to ss 6 and
9 of the WICA as supporting the conclusion he had reached.

(a) Section 6(1) provides that compensation under the WICA “shall be payable
to or for the benefit of the employee or, where death results from the injury,
to the deceased employee’s estate or to or for the benefit of his dependants
as provided by this Act.”

(b) Section 9 deals with distribution of compensation (see [43], [45] and [46]
above).

90 The applicants submit that these provisions are of no assistance as they do
not touch on the question as to who has the legal capacity to make a claim
under the WICA. The provisions address the question of receipt and
distribution of compensation and the right of the Commissioner.

91 Whilst the right to make a claim and the right of the Commissioner to
receive and distribute compensation are distinct, I note that s 22(1) states:

Commissioner may receive and pay to dependants, etc., money due from employer
to employee who is dead or lacks mental capacity

22.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in any written law relating to the
administration or distribution of estates of deceased persons for the time
being in force in Singapore, where it appears to the Commissioner that
compensation or interest is payable to an employee under this Act and the
employee has died before such payment is made, it shall be lawful for the
Commissioner to receive and pay the compensation or interest, without
production of a grant of representation, to any one or more of the dependants
of the deceased employee or to the estate of the deceased employee.

92 One view is that because s 22(1) expressly envisages a scenario whereby the
Commissioner receives and pays compensation in circumstances where neither the
dependants nor anyone else has obtained a grant of representation over the
estate of the deceased, it must follow that Parliament intended for the
dependants to have the right to make a claim under the WICA even if no
representation to the estate has been obtained. The alternative view is that
all s 22(1) is stating is that the Commissioner can make payment to a
dependant even if he does not produce the actual grant of representation.
Whilst I accept that s 22(1) on its own may not be sufficient to address the
question of legal capacity to make claims under the WICA, this does not affect
the overall decision that I have come to.

93 The respondents also rely on s 27(1)(bb) of the WICA which states that
where a person is dead, the Commissioner can grant leave to the dependants or
the estate of the deceased whether or not the estate has obtained a grant of
representation, to appear, make applications and perform acts required under
the WICA. The applicants, on the other hand, submit that s 27 is only
concerned with proceedings under Part III of the WICA which deals matters
arising after a valid claim for compensation has been made under s 11. Whilst
I recognise the force behind the submission, I am of the view that this also
does not affect the overall decision that I have come to.

94 Finally, the applicants also make the point that the FAS was only signed by
the 4th respondent (the wife of the deceased). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Applicants’ submissions at para 1(n).

The other three respondents (the deceased’s children), whilst named as
dependants together with the 4th respondent, did not sign the FAS. Regulation
4(2) of the WICR provides that the report to the Commissioner shall be made in
writing in such form and manner as the Commissioner may determine. It appears
that the FAS was in the form provided by MOM. The 4th respondent was clearly
making the Statement as the wife of the deceased. Part 5 of the FAS required
the particulars of the dependants. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ABD, pp 42–45.

The FAS was accepted by the MOM. Whilst the applicants submit that it is not
known how the 4th respondent derived authority to sign the FAS for the other
respondents and indeed whether she was signing on their behalf, I note this
does not appear to be a point that was taken during the first tranche or
before the Assistant Commissioner when the issue of locus standi was raised.
In any case, even if one or more of the other respondents did not or do not
consent to the 4th respondent’s making of the FAS, this is a matter for them
to raise.

The overall position on the WICA and the standing of dependants

95 It is clear that the dependants of a deceased victim possess an independent
right to bring an action at common law pursuant to s 20 of the CLA for
damages. The action must be brought within three years of the death and is
separate from the right of the estate to bring or continue proceedings
commenced before the death of the victim. The estate claim, as noted at [55]
above, does not extend to claims for lost earnings (post-death). If a
dependency claim is brought under s 20, the damages awarded are proportioned
according to the losses of the dependants resulting from the deceased’s death
(s 22).

96 On the other hand, a dependency claim under the WICA must be brought within
one year of the death of the employee (s 11(1)(b)). A dependant is someone
falling within the definition under s 2(1) (for example, wife and children)
irrespective of whether that person is actually dependent on the employee’s
earnings or not. Once the compensation amount is determined in accordance in
the manner set out in the Third Schedule (s 7), the Commissioner has broad
powers of distribution under s 9. This includes authorising payment to one or
more dependants of the deceased employee and in such proportion as the
Commissioner thinks fit.

97 It follows that there are material differences between a dependency claim
under s 20 of the CLA and under the WICA. In particular, the amount of payment
is likely to be significantly different. A considered decision has to be made
by the dependants as to which avenue they choose to proceed under.

98 In the present case, it is evident that the dependants have decided to
proceed under the WICA. This is their entitlement. They could have elected to
pursue a claim under s 20 of the CLA and start proceedings in court. Whilst
dependency claims under s 20 are usually brought on behalf of the dependants
by the representatives of the estate, the dependants are able to bring the
action in their own name if there is no executor or administrator of the
deceased or if no action is brought within six months after the death by and
in the name of an executor or administrator of the deceased. This is precisely
the case at hand.

99 The Starkstrom and Maran decisions can be distinguished for the reasons
discussed above. I would add that there is no risk of the dependency claim
under the WICA shutting out a claim by the estate for damages under s 10.
Section 33(2) of the WICA on the limitation of an employee’s right of action
to claim damages in court against his employer for injury by accident only
applies if he (the employee) has a claim for compensation for that injury
under the WICA which he has not withdrawn within the prescribed period. There
is no provision that the right of the estate to bring proceedings for damages
under s 10 is taken away simply because a dependant has made a dependency
claim under the WICA.

100 I note also the decision whether to make a dependency claim under the WICA
must be made within a year of the death of the employee (s 11(1)(b)). Further,
in the event that an individual receives payment for a dependency claim from
the Commissioner as a result of a false claim, the Commissioner is empowered
to order repayment under s 9(8). For all of these reasons, and notwithstanding
the points raised by the applicants on the distinction between locus standi
and making claims as opposed to provisions on appearance in proceedings and
distribution and payment, the applicants have failed in this application to
overturn the decision of the Assistant Commissioner below.

Conclusion

101 The appeal is dismissed with costs to be agreed or taxed.

102 I thank counsel for their learned and helpful submissions. I note also the
clarity in the detailed Decision of the learned Assistant Commissioner below.

George Wei  
Judge

Appoo Ramesh and Rajashree Rajan (Just Law LLC) for the applicants;  
Lalwani Anil Mangan and Raina Mohan Chugani (Lalwani Law Chambers) for the
respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

