Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 223

Suit No 79 of 2018  
(HC/RAs No 155, 178 and 179 of 2018)

Between

Epoch Minerals Pte Ltd

… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Raffles Asset Management (S) Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| AKS Consultants Pte Ltd  
(3)| Kamil Bin Jumat  
(4)| Gangadhara Brhmendra Srikanth Maroju  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Stay of proceedings] — [Case management]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Epoch Minerals Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Raffles Asset Management (S) Pte Ltd and others

[2018] SGHC 223

High Court — Suit No 79 of 2018 (Registrar’s Appeals No 155, 178 and 179 of
2018)  
Choo Han Teck J  
24 July 2018

8 October 2018

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is a company carrying on a business in coal mining. It claims
that they employed the fourth defendant, Gangadhara Brhmendra Srikanth Maroju
(“Gangadhara”) in August 2016 to help find investors who would be interested
in the plaintiff’s business. A month later, Gangadhara told the plaintiff that
he found a company described as “AMC” which was interested in investing in the
plaintiff.

2 Gangadhara represented that AMC was prepared to invest US$5m, but that the
plaintiff had to pay US$300,000 to AMC, later revealed to be the second
defendant, AKS Consultants Pte Ltd (“AKS”). Of that sum, US$100,000 was for
the costs of a due diligence report, and US$200,000 was to be retained by AKS
as “margin money”. Further, the plaintiff was also required to pay a
commission of US$100,000 to Gangadhara.

3 The plaintiff claims that after it paid those sums of money, Gangadhara told
it that the investment could be doubled to US$10m if the margin money was
similarly doubled.

4 The oral discussions were eventually reflected in a document entitled “Term
Sheet” which was signed by the plaintiff in acceptance. The first defendant,
Raffles Asset Management (S) Pte Ltd (“Raffles”) was the countersigning party.
It was signed on behalf of Raffles by the third defendant, Kamil bin Jumat
(“Kamil”).

5 Gangadhara and AKS were not signatories to the Term Sheet. The Term Sheet
contained an arbitration clause. This is crucial because the plaintiff says
that Kamil and Gangadhara were at the time partners, and it is therefore suing
all defendants for conspiracy to defraud. The plaintiff says that after paying
US$600,000, no money came in from Raffles by way of investment as agreed.

6 Initially, Raffles and Kamil applied for a stay of proceedings in favour of
arbitration. The assistant registrar granted a stay in respect of the action
against Raffles but declined to grant a stay in respect of Kamil since he was
only a representative of Raffles and could not invoke the arbitration clause.
Since then, AKS and Gangadhara also applied to stay. All three submitted that
since a stay had been granted against Raffles, this action against the rest of
the defendants should also be stayed (pending the arbitration) on the grounds
of effective case management.

7 It seems to me that AKS and Gangadhara made a belated application for stay
because the AR below noted the problem of casting AKS and Gangadhara adrift
should the action be stayed against Kamil and not AKS and Gangadhara who did
not apply to stay.

8 The real and only issue now is whether a stay should be granted against the
three defendants who are not bound by the arbitration clause. The second to
fourth defendants say that a stay should be granted as a matter of effective
case management. What their counsel argue, was that it would be inconvenient
to have the arbitration proceedings against Raffles proceed in parallel to the
court proceedings against AKS, Kamil and Gangadhara. They raise arguments as
to inconvenience to witnesses and the extra costs involved, and, of course, a
potential contradictory finding of facts. Counsel relied on Tomolugen Holdings
Ltd and another v Silica Investors Ltd and other appeals [2016] 1 SLR 373
(“Tomolugen”), as authority that “case management” justifies a stay of
proceedings in favour of arbitration.

9 “Case management” is not a legal principle. It is just a descriptive term
for the administrative part of a court’s function, namely, the management of
the cases. That includes placing cases in order of priority, fixing the dates
for and the number of days for trial. It is not intended to affect what is
properly called “judicial discretion” or judicial decisions. Judicial
discretion and decisions must be based on legal principles or rules and
regulations.

10 When a plaintiff is claiming that the four defendants had conspired to
cause him harm, he is entitled to pursue his claim in court against them even
when the court had granted one of them a stay in favour of arbitration. It is
true that a potential conflict in the findings of fact may arise between the
court and the arbitrator, but that alone is not a reason to stymie the
plaintiff against the three defendants who are not concerned in the
arbitration. My views here are largely what the Court of Appeal had already
expressed in Tomolugen. That decision does not represent what counsel for the
defendants claim it holds.

11 Furthermore, whatever the decision between the plaintiff and Raffles, the
arbitrator’s decision will not bind the plaintiff or the other defendants in
this action. There is no good reason to delay the action by granting a stay so
that the other defendants take their seats as spectators to watch the
arbitration proceedings. Justice is best served in this case by having the
action proceed forthwith and expeditiously.

12 I therefore dismissed the appeals with costs in the cause.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Jeremy Gan Eng Tong (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Valerie Seow Wei-Li and Daryl Ong Hock Chye (LawCraft LLC) for the second
defendant;  
Debby Ratnasari and Derek Kang Yu Hsien (Ho & Wee LLP) for the third
defendant;  
Tan Lee Jane and Christopher Chong Chi Chuin (cLegal LLC) for the fourth
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

