Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHCR 17

HC/S 791 of 2018  
HC/SUM 4344 of 2018

Between

(1)| BUN  
---|---  
(2)| BUO  
  
… Plaintiffs / Respondents

And

| BUP  
---|---  
  
… Defendant / Applicant

Judgment

[Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Striking Out]

[Civil Procedure – Parties – Joinder]

[Family Law – Matrimonial Assets – Division]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BUN and another

  

v

  

BUP

[2018] SGHCR 17

High Court — Suit No 791 of 2018 (Summons No 4344 of 2018)  
Justin Yeo AR  
3 October, 19 November 2018

19 November 2018 Judgment reserved.

Justin Yeo AR:

1 In the recent decision of UDA v UDB and another [2018] 1 SLR 1015 (“UDA v
UDB”), the Court of Appeal held that where a third party seeks to claim a
legal or beneficial interest in an alleged matrimonial asset that is the
subject of proceedings under s 112 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev
Ed) (“the Women’s Charter”), the matrimonial proceedings ought to be stayed
pending the independent civil proceedings taken out to determine the property
dispute involving the third party (UDA v UDB at [54]–[56]).

2 Following the approach in UDA v UDB, the present action (“the Action”) was
commenced for the determination of proprietary interests as between the 1st
Plaintiff (“the Husband”), the 2nd Plaintiff (“the Son”, who is the Husband’s
son from a previous marriage), and the Defendant (“the Wife”). The Wife took
out the present application (“the Application”), seeking to strike out the
Action under O 18 r 19(1)(a) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, Rev Ed 2014)
(“Rules of Court”), on the basis that the Action disclosed no reasonable cause
of action and claimed no relief against her.

Background Facts

3 In February 2018, the Husband and the Wife obtained an Interim Judgment of
divorce, and proceeded to have ancillary matters heard in the Family Courts.

4 The ancillary matters dispute concerned two properties, which I shall refer
to as “the First Property” and “the Second Property” (collectively, “the
Properties”). It is undisputed that the Properties were purchased during the
marriage, in the joint names of the Husband and the Son, and that the Husband
and the Son hold the Properties as joint tenants. The Wife contended in the
matrimonial proceedings that the Properties were matrimonial assets as they
were acquired by the Husband during the course of the marriage. She therefore
asked for an appropriate share of the Properties under s 112 of the Women’s
Charter, seeking inter alia the following orders:

(a) that the First Property be sold in the open market, and the sale proceeds
(less the costs and expenses of sale) be divided between the Husband and her
in the proportion of 60:40; or, alternatively, if the Husband wished to retain
the First Property, for the Husband to pay to her a sum equivalent to half of
its open market value; and

(b) that the Second Property is a matrimonial asset for division between the
Husband and her.

5 The Husband denied the Wife’s claims on the Properties. In relation to the
First Property, he pleaded that his intention at the time of the purchase was
to ensure that his children and his aged parents would have a roof over their
heads, and that upon his demise this property would go to the Son. As for the
Second Property, he pleaded that it was purchased for the Son’s benefit and
interests, that the Son had repaid him the down payment, and that the Son has
been paying the mortgage instalments. The Husband therefore claimed that he
and the Son were beneficial owners of the First Property, while the Son was
the beneficial owner of the Second Property.

6 The Family Courts stayed the ancillary matters proceedings, so that civil
proceedings could be taken out to determine the proprietary interests in the
Properties. The Husband and the Son thus commenced the Action to seek the
following:

(1) A declaration [that] the [Husband] and [the Son] are the beneficial owners
of [the First Property]; in the alternative

(2) A declaration [that] the [Wife] does not have any beneficial interest in
[the First Property];

(3) A declaration [that] the [Son] is the beneficial owner of [the Second
Property]; in the alternative

(4) A declaration [that] the [Wife] does not have any beneficial interest in
[the Second Property];

(5) Costs; and

(6) Such further or other relief as this Honourable Court deems fit.

7 The Wife applied to strike out the Action under O 18 r 19(1)(a) of the Rules
of Court, on the basis that there was no reasonable cause of action and no
relief claimed against her.

Parties’ Arguments

8 On 3 October 2018, I heard oral arguments by counsel for the Wife, Mr Yong
Hong Kit Clement (“Mr Yong”) and counsel for the Husband and the Son, Mr
Decruz Martin Francis (“Mr Decruz”). Further written submissions were tendered
in late October 2018 to address four queries that I had raised. On 19 November
2018, prior to the rendering of this judgment, I invited counsel to address me
on O 15 r 16 of the Rules of Court, as this rule appeared to be of importance
in determining the Application and neither set of counsel had argued on it
(see [14] below). Counsel’s arguments are summarised in the following
paragraphs.

9 Mr Yong confirmed that the Wife was seeking a share of the Properties only
in the context of the ancillary matters proceedings, and was not claiming any
legal or beneficial interest in the Properties arising from property law. He
raised numerous contentions for striking out the Action:

(a) First, prayers 1 and 3 seek declarations that the Husband and the Son are
beneficial owners of the Properties and, as such, can only be sought against
legal owners of the Properties. This is because unless and until there is a
separation of the legal and equitable estate, there can be no separate
equitable title (citing Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale v Islington
London Borough Council [1996] AC 669 at 706). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (dated 1 October 2018), at paragraph 15 read
with paragraph 17.

The Wife, not being a legal owner of the Properties, has no capacity to divest
equitable estate. As such, prayers 1 and 3 reveal no reasonable cause of
action and no relief sought against the Wife. The proper approach is, instead,
for the Son to be named as the plaintiff, bringing an action against the
Husband as the defendant, with the Wife having the option of intervening in
the proceedings; this would be more in line with the approach in UDA v UDB at
[54]:

A third party claiming an interest in any property alleged to be a matrimonial
asset is entitled to have his rights ruled on by the court and is, further,
entitled to the benefit of a final ruling which he can assert against the rest
of the world. If the third party wants to directly assert those rights, what
should he do? He can, of course, and should commence independent civil
proceedings against either or both the spouses (depending on the factual
situation) for a declaration as to his interest and other relief. … (emphasis
added)

(b) Second, it is unclear how prayers 2 and 4 are alternatives to prayers 1
and 3, because if the court finds (under prayers 1 and 3) that the Husband and
the Son are beneficial owners of the Properties, it would follow that the Wife
has no beneficial interest in the Properties. In any event, the Action is the
wrong forum for determining the Wife’s beneficial interest in the Properties;
rather, it is for the Family Courts to determine the Wife’s share in the
Properties under s 112 of the Women’s Charter. The Action is therefore a
“premature [attempt] to thwart the Family Court’s jurisdiction to determine
the Wife’s beneficial interests in the [Properties], and is not helpful to the
proceedings which will resume in the Family Court”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (dated 1 October 2018), at paragraph 22 read
with paragraph 26.

(c) Third, the court’s power to grant declaratory relief is discretionary, and
where the court is of the view that the declaration will serve “no useful
practical purpose”, it will not grant the declaration (citing Latham Scott v
Credit Suisse First Boston [2000] 2 SLR(R) 30 (“Latham Scott”) at [74]–[75]).
The declarations sought in the Action serve “no useful practical purpose”, for
the following reasons: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defendant’s Further Written Submissions (dated 26 October 2018), at paragraphs
9 to 14 and 16 to 17.

(i) In relation to prayers 1 and 3, the approach in UDA v UDB impliedly
requires the third party claiming an interest in alleged matrimonial assets to
plead his exact interest in the properties. It would serve “no useful
practical purpose” to have declarations which do not specify, in percentages,
the Son’s and Husband’s respective interests in the Properties.

(ii) Prayers 2 and 4 would serve “no useful practical purpose” as the issue is
not whether the Wife has a share in the Properties, but rather, what exactly
the Husband’s share in the Properties is.

10 Mr Decruz’s arguments were as follows:

(a) First, the Action does not preclude the Family Courts from determining
proceedings under s 112 of the Women’s Charter. This is because the nature of
the interest under s 112 of the Women’s Charter is different from the nature
of a beneficial interest that arises from the operation of property law. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiffs’ Further Written Submissions (dated 25 October 2018), at paragraph
10.

(b) Second, there is no misjoinder of parties.

(i) The Husband and the Son were the legal registered owners of the
Properties, and had consented to be joined as plaintiffs. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiffs’ Further Written Submissions (dated 25 October 2018), at paragraph
5.

As the issues arising in the Action involve common questions of fact and law,
and the Husband and the Son are claiming relief to which they are jointly
entitled, it is legitimate for them to be joined as plaintiffs under O 15 rr
4(1) and 4(2) of the Rules of Court.

(ii) The Wife had claimed interests in the Properties in the matrimonial
proceedings. She has not filed her Defence in the Action, and as such has not
taken any pleaded position as to any proprietary interest she may have in the
Properties. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiffs’ Further Written Submissions (dated 25 October 2018), at paragraph
5.

In any event, the determination of the Husband’s and Son’s interests in the
Properties would affect the Wife’s ability to subsequently claim an interest
in the Properties. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions (dated 1 October 2018), at paragraph 17.

She was therefore properly made a defendant pursuant to O 15 r 4(1) of the
Rules of Court (citing Singapore Civil Procedure 2018 vol 1 (Foo Chee Hock JC
gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2018) (“Singapore Civil Procedure”) at paragraph
15/4/6). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions (dated 1 October 2018), at paragraph 18.

(c) Third, it is only in plain and obvious cases that recourse should be had
to striking out under O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions (dated 1 October 2018), at paragraph 20.

Striking out of a claim is “draconian” and should only be done “if it is
patently clear that there is no reasonable cause of action on the face of the
pleadings” (citing Ng Chee Weng v Lim Jit Ming Bryan [2012] 1 SLR 457 at
[110]).

11 For completeness, both sets of counsel confirmed that s 59 of the Women’s
Charter – which allows for the summary determination of property interests
between spouses on the basis of property law – was irrelevant to the Action
and the Application.

Decision

12 It is clear from UDA v UDB that a third party claiming an interest in any
property alleged to be a matrimonial asset may have his or her rights ruled on
in separate civil proceedings, with the matrimonial proceedings to be stayed
pending the determination of the civil proceedings.

13 The key question in the Application is whether the Action ought to be
struck out under O 18 r 19(1)(a) of the Rules of Court based on the arguments
stated at [9] above. I disagree with those arguments and dismiss the
Application, for the reasons that follow.

Should the action be struck out in view of O 15 r 16 of the Rules of Court?

14 While Mr Yong and Mr Decruz had crossed swords on whether there was a
reasonable cause of action against the Wife, neither of them had raised
arguments relating to O 15 r 16 of the Rules of Court. I found this rule
directly relevant to the Application, and therefore invited their arguments
prior to rendering this judgment.

15 In response to my invitation, Mr Yong acknowledged that O 15 r 16 of the
Rules of Court would prevent prayers 2 and 4 for being struck out, but
submitted that there was insufficient clarity as to whether those prayers
sought declarations that would prevent the Family Courts from awarding the
necessary beneficial interest in the ancillary matters proceedings. Mr
Decruz’s position was that prayers 2 and 4 related solely to the Wife’s
interests under property law, and clearly did not operate to prevent the
Family Courts from determining beneficial interests at all. These arguments
did not address the impact of O 15 r 16 of the Rules of Court on the
Application; rather, they related to the question of whether the Action was an
attempt to thwart the Family Courts’ jurisdiction, a point which I address at
[30]–[34] below.

16 I therefore turn to analyse O 15 r 16 of the Rules of Court and its
implications for the Application. The rule provides as follows:

Declaratory judgment (O. 15, r. 16)

16. No action or other proceeding shall be open to objection on the ground that a merely declaratory judgment or order is sought thereby, and the Court may make binding declarations of right whether or not any consequential relief is or could be claimed.

17 From a plain reading of the rule, it is clear that a claim would not be
struck out on the ground that the plaintiff is seeking “merely declaratory
judgment or order”, whether or not there are claims for “any consequential
relief”. In Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd and another
appeal [2006] 1 SLR(R) 112 (“Karaha Bodas”), the Court of Appeal elaborated on
this rule and the requirements for obtaining declaratory judgment.

18 As explained in Karaha Bodas, while every claim must be founded on a
reasonable cause of action, O 15 r 16 of the Rules of Court provides an
exception where the plaintiff seeks only a declaration of right (Karaha Bodas
at [13]). Conceptually, the rule does not mean that such a plaintiff has a
reasonable cause of action by virtue of seeking declaratory relief; rather, it
is an “exception to the general principle” that a claim must be founded on a
reasonable cause of action (Karaha Bodas at [13]). There is good reason for
this position: declaratory relief is generally superfluous where a plaintiff
has a subsisting cause of action (Karaha Bodas at [13], citing Lord Diplock’s
observation in Gouriet v Union of Post Office Workers [1978] AC 435
(“Gouriet”)).

19 The requirements to be satisfied before a court would grant declaratory
relief are (Karaha Bodas at [14]):

(a) the court must have the jurisdiction and power to award the remedy;

(b) the matter must be justiciable in the court;

(c) as a declaration is a discretionary remedy, it must be justified by the
circumstances of the case;

(d) the plaintiff must have locus standi to bring the suit and there must be a
real controversy for the court to resolve.

(e) any person whose interests might be affected by the declaration should be
before the court; and

(f) there must be some ambiguity or uncertainty about the issue in respect of
which the declaration is asked for so that the court’s determination would
have the effect of laying such doubts to rest.

20 Element (d) in the cited passage bears further elaboration. In Tan Eng Hong
v Attorney-General [2012] 4 SLR 476 (“Tan Eng Hong”), the Court of Appeal
explained that the Karaha Bodas test laid down three elements for establishing
locus standi, viz (Tan Eng Hong at [115]):

(a) There must be a real interest in bringing the action.

(b) There must be a real controversy between the parties concerned. This
element goes to the court’s discretion (contra jurisdiction) to grant
declaratory relief, and stems from the judicial function of adjudicating
disputes between parties rather than determining hypothetical or academic
questions (Tan Eng Hong at [115], [132], [137] and [143]; see also Principles
of Civil Procedure at paragraph 25.033).

(c) There must be a violation of a right that is personal to the applicant.

21 The upshot of the principles above is that declaratory relief is unlikely
to be available in situations such as the following:

(a) where the declaration sought is in relation to rights that the claiming
party could not claim for itself (see, eg, Karaha Bodas at [19]–[20] and
Meadows Indemnity Co Ltd v Insurance Corporation of Ireland plc and
International Commercial Bank plc [1989] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 298);

(b) where the rights between the parties have already been resolved by a
judgment of court and therefore the controversy had ended, subject only to the
right of appeal (see Salijah bte Ab Latef v Mohd Irawan bin Abdullah Teo
[1996] 2 SLR(R) 80 (“Salijah”) at [63]); and

(c) where the declaration sought is in relation to theoretical issues as
opposed to real, subsisting problems, which would require the court to declare
the law generally or provide an advisory opinion (Salijah at [60], Karaha
Bodas at [19]–[21] and Gouriet at 501), unless the circumstances are such that
the declaration will be of value to the parties or the public (Tan Eng Hong at
[143]; see also Principles of Civil Procedure at paragraph 25.003).

22 Whether the requirements for declaratory relief as set out above are
satisfied is to be considered and finally determined by the court hearing the
Action. At this interlocutory stage, it suffices to note that there is
presently no indication that the Statement of Claim fails to meet these
requirements. The declarations sought are brought by the Husband and the Son,
who are legal (and allegedly beneficial) owners of the Properties, and who
therefore have a real interest in bringing the Action for a declaration of
rights relating to the Properties. Prayers 2 and 4 seek declaratory relief
directly against the Wife in the form of declarations that she has no
beneficial interest in the Properties under property law, while prayers 1 and
3 indirectly affect the Wife’s interests because, if granted, would have an
effect similar to prayers 2 and 4, and would also have an impact on the Wife’s
interests in the pending matrimonial proceedings in relation to the
quantification of matrimonial assets.

23 I would add for completeness that even if the Wife did not intend to assert
any beneficial interest in the Properties under property law (which is not
currently a pleaded position), this would not constitute a lack of “real
controversy” in the context of the Karaha Bodas test (see [20(b)] and [21]
above). As already alluded to, the determination of the Husband’s and Son’s
interests in the Properties would affect the Wife’s ability to subsequently
claim an interest in the Properties under s 112 of the Women’s Charter:
depending on whether the declarations are granted, a significant part of the
Properties may be taken out of the pool of matrimonial assets altogether. As
such, Mr Yong’s assertion that the Wife did not intend to claim any beneficial
interest in the Properties under property law is no bar to the declaratory
relief sought, and does not justify striking out the Action. Indeed, the
Wife’s pleading of such a position may well entitle the Husband and the Son to
a judgment on an admission of facts (under O 27 r 3 of the Rules of Court) or
summary judgment (under O 14 of the Rules of Court), at least in relation to
prayers 2 and 4.

24 As such, in view of O 15 r 16 of the Rules of Court and the circumstances
of the present case, I decline to strike out the Action under O 18 r 19(1)(a)
of the Rules of Court.

Was there a misjoinder of parties?

25 I turn next to address Mr Yong’s argument to the effect that there has been
a misjoinder of parties. From the outset, it ought to be emphasised that a
misjoinder of parties would not, in the ordinary course, justify a striking
out of the Action. In this regard, O 15 r 6(1) of the Rules of Court provides:

Misjoinder and nonjoinder of parties (O. 15, r. 6)

6.—(1) No cause or matter shall be defeated by reason of the misjoinder or
nonjoinder of any party; and the Court may in any cause or matter determine
the issues or questions in dispute so far as they affect the rights and
interests of the persons who are parties to the cause or matter.

26 This provision, as with other provisions in O 15 r 6 of the Rules of Court,
seeks to “save rather than to destroy, to enable rather than to disable and to
ensure that the right parties are before the court” (Tan Yow Kon v Tan Swat
Ping [2006] 3 SLR(R) 881 at [36]; see also Singapore Civil Procedure at
paragraph 15/6/2 and Jeffrey Pinsler SC, Principles of Civil Procedure
(Academy Publishing, 2013) (“Principles of Civil Procedure”) at paragraph
07.019).

27 As such, even if Mr Yong is correct that the situation envisaged in UDA v
UDB at [54] is for the third party to commence independent civil proceedings
against either or both of the spouses (see [9(a)] above), this ought not to be
taken as laying down a hard and fast procedural rule on precisely how parties
ought to be joined to the civil proceedings. Indeed, it bears noting that the
Court of Appeal had also expressed the view that either spouse may commence
the separate legal proceedings to determine the proprietary interests vis-à-
vis a third party (see UDA v UDB at [56(b)]). Ultimately, the point is that
all relevant parties should be before the court in determining the property
dispute.

28 As against this backdrop, Mr Yong has not demonstrated how the fact that
the Husband and the Son are joint plaintiffs would fall foul of O 15 rr 4 and
6 of the Rules of Court, or prejudice the Wife in the Action. The only
argument mustered in support of Mr Yong’s position (that the Husband ought to
be a defendant rather than a joint plaintiff) was an assertion that the
Husband and the Son “have opposing interests”, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (dated 1 October 2018), at paragraph 19.

with no authorities cited to buttress the argument. In my view, it is not
evident as to how or why their interests are said to be opposed when they are
in fact seeking identical reliefs in the Action. In any event, O 15 r 6(1) of
the Rules of Court would prevent the Action from being defeated on the basis
of an alleged misjoinder; it expressly envisages that the court may “determine
the issues in dispute … so far as they affect the rights and interests of the
persons who are parties to the cause or matter”. As the Husband, the Son and
the Wife are all parties to the Action, there does not appear to be any reason
why the action cannot proceed with the parties as currently lined-up. In the
circumstances, there is no basis to compel either the Husband or the Son (who,
it should be added, are currently represented by the same legal counsel) to
assume the mantle of a defendant, when their interests are aligned and they
consent to be joint plaintiffs.

29 There is therefore no reason to strike out the Action on the basis of a
misjoinder of parties.

Was the Action an attempt to thwart the Family Courts’ jurisdiction?

30 I turn next to Mr Yong’s argument that the Action was a premature attempt
to thwart the Family Courts’ jurisdiction. As a preliminary point, this
argument does not fall within the Application, which is premised on O 18 r
19(1)(a) of the Rules of Court; it would instead more appropriately be
canvassed under other limbs of O 18 r 19(1) of the Rules of Court, such as,
“abuse of process”. However, for completeness, I address this argument as
well.

31 I have difficulty understanding Mr Yong’s position on this argument. On the
one hand, in his initial set of written submissions, he contended that the
Action would “thwart the Family Court’s jurisdiction to determine the Wife’s
beneficial interests” in the Properties. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (dated 1 October 2018), at paragraph 22 read
with paragraph 26.

On the other hand, in his further written submissions, he took the position
that the nature of the beneficial interest in the Action was “clearly
different” from the Wife’s interest in the Properties in the matrimonial
proceedings, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defendant’s Further Written Submissions (dated 26 October 2018), at paragraph
19.

elaborating that although the Family Courts may give the wife a proprietary
interest subsequent to the division of matrimonial assets, such an interest
“should not be conflated with… the [Wife’s] current beneficial interest in the
[Properties]”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defendant’s Further Written Submissions (dated 26 October 2018), at paragraph
20.

He further contended that any determination in the Action would have “no
implication on the Family Court’s subsequent determination of the Defendant’s
interest in the [Properties] if they are found to be matrimonial assets”
(emphasis omitted). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defendant’s Further Written Submissions (dated 26 October 2018), at paragraph
23.

Curiously, in the same breath, he reiterated his initial position that the
declarations sought would require the court to “[exercise] the jurisdiction of
the Family Court on matrimonial matters and effectively thwart the Family
Court from making [a] subsequent determination of the Defendant’s interest in
these properties if they are found to be matrimonial assets”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendant’s Further Written Submissions (dated 26 October 2018), at paragraph
23.

32 In my view, a declaration of beneficial interests in the Action does not
thwart the jurisdiction of the Family Courts in determining a just and
equitable division of matrimonial assets under s 112 of the Women’s Charter.
The principles underlying property disputes in civil proceedings are distinct
from those underlying proceedings under s 112 of the Women’s Charter. In the
former, the court determines the proprietary interests of the parties in
accordance with areas of law such as property, equity and trusts or
succession; in the latter, the court treats matrimonial assets as “community
property”, to be divided justly and equitably between the spouses according to
the principles set out in s 112 of the Women’s Charter. The long line of
authorities establishing such a jurisprudential and conceptual distinction
include: UDA v UDB [2018] 3 SLR 1433 at [27] (cited in UDA v UDB at [10]), JAF
v JAE [2016] 3 SLR 717 at [17], Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence and
another [2008] SLR(R) 108 at [80]–[81] and Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye
[2007] 3 SLR(R) 520 at [40]; see also Law and Practice of Family Law in
Singapore (Valerie Thean JC editor-in-chief & Foo Siew Fong gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2016) at paragraph 4.2.2.

33 Where a spouse’s proprietary interests under property law is found, in
matrimonial proceedings, to fall within the pool of matrimonial assets, these
will be liable for division under s 112 of the Women’s Charter. In dividing
these assets, the Family Courts may well award the respective spouses the
requisite beneficial interests which operate in rem on the matrimonial assets
(see Central Provident Fund Board v Lau Eng Mui [1995] 2 SLR(R) 826 at [7]).
However, these interests are conceptually different from the spouses’
proprietary interests prior to the division of assets. As Mr Yong recognised
in his further submissions, even if the Wife is found in the Action to have no
beneficial interest in the Properties, this would not preclude the Family
Courts from subsequently apportioning part of the Husband’s share in the
Properties to her, thereby giving her a proprietary interest in the
Properties.

34 As such, I am unable to see how the declarations sought would thwart the
jurisdiction of the Family Courts under s 112 of the Women’s Charter. Quite
the contrary, a judicial pronouncement in the Action on these proprietary
interests will provide useful assistance to the Family Courts in determining
the pool of matrimonial assets. It will also assist the Family Courts in
ascertaining a just and equitable division of the assets; in this regard, it
bears noting that s 112(2)(a) of the Women’s Charter imposes a duty on the
court to consider “the extent of the contributions made by each party in
money, property or work towards acquiring, improving or maintaining the
matrimonial assets”. As observed in Leong Wai Kum, Elements of Family Law in
Singapore (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2013) at 546, albeit in the context of s 59 of
the Women’s Charter, having declarations of the spouses’ respective
proprietary interests could “make the court’s task in the application for
division of matrimonial assets easier as their respective property holdings
have become determined”.

Do the declarations serve any useful practical purpose?

35 I turn finally to Mr Yong’s argument that the declarations do not serve any
useful practical purpose. Whether the declarations serve a useful practical
purpose is a factor for the court’s consideration in determining whether to
exercise its discretion to grant declaratory relief (Latham Scott at
[74]–[75]). At this interlocutory stage, there appears to be a useful
practical purpose for the declarations, as explained in [34] above. This is,
however, subject to the Statement of Claim being amended as mentioned in [36]
below.

Conclusion

36 In the light of the foregoing, I decline to strike out the Action under O
18 r 19(1)(a) of the Rules of Court. However, I order that the Statement of
Claim be amended to expressly plead the material facts relating to the precise
percentage share of beneficial interests that the Husband and the Son
respectively claim in the Properties, the basis for these claims, and how
these interests are said to arise.

Justin Yeo  
Assistant Registrar

Decruz Martin Francis (Shenton Law Practice LLC)  
for the Plaintiffs;  
Louis D’Souza and Yong Hong Kit Clement  
(Legal Aid Bureau) for the Defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

