Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 23

Criminal Case No 24 of 2017

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
|  
  
And

Fazali Bin Mohamed  
---  
|  
  
GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Fazali bin Mohamed

  

[2018] SGHC 23

High Court — Criminal Case No 24 of 2017  
Pang Khang Chau JC  
14, 15, 16, 17 March 2017; 24 March 2017; 30 August 2017

30 January 2018

Pang Khang Chau JC

1 I convicted the accused, Fazali Bin Mohamed, a 45-year-old Singaporean male
(“the Accused”) on two charges of trafficking in cannabis and cannabis mixture
contrary to s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185,
2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) and passed the mandatory death sentence on him in
relation to each charge. The Accused has appealed against both conviction and
sentence.

The charges

2 The Accused was committed to stand trial for seven drug-related charges, of
which the 1st and the 6th charges were punishable by death (“the two capital
charges”). The 1st amended charge reads:

… on the 16th day of March 2015, at about 5.10 p.m., at Block 55 Sims Drive
#07-1067, Singapore, did traffic in a Class A controlled drug listed in the
First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap. 185, 2008 Rev. Ed.), to wit,
by having in your possession for the purpose of trafficking, seven (7) blocks
and one (1) packet containing not less than 1838.8 grams of vegetable matter,
which was analysed and found to be cannabis, without authorisation under the
said Act or the Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an
offence under section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs
Act (Cap. 185, 2008 Rev. Ed.) and punishable under section 33(1) of the said
Act, and further, upon your conviction under section 5(1)(a) read with section
5(2) of the said Act, you may alternatively be liable to be punished under
section 33B of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap. 185, 2008 Rev. Ed.).

while the 6th charge reads:

… on the 16th day of March 2015, at about 5.10p.m., at Block 55 Sims Drive
#07-1067, Singapore, did traffic in a Class A controlled drug listed in the
First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap. 185. 2008 Rev. Ed.), to wit,
by having in your possession for the purpose of trafficking, seven (7) blocks
and one (1) packet containing not less than 2775.34 grams of fragmented
vegetable matter, which was analysed and found to contain cannabinol and
tetrahydrocannabinol, without authorisation under the said Act or the
Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under
section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap. 185,
2008 Rev. Ed.) and punishable under section 33(1) of the said Act, and
further, upon your conviction under section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) of
the said Act, you may alternatively be liable to be punished under section 33B
of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap. 185, 2008 Rev. Ed.).

3 Each of the two capital charges attracted the mandatory death penalty as,
under the Second Schedule of the MDA, the thresholds for mandatory death
penalty are more than 500 grams for the offence of trafficking in cannabis,
and more than 1,000 grams for the offence of trafficking in cannabis mixture.

4 At the commencement of trial, the Prosecution proceeded only with the two
capital charges, to which the Accused claimed trial, and stood down the
remaining five charges.

Undisputed facts

5 The Accused was arrested on 16 March 2015 at about 4.45pm at the sheltered
walkway along Block 55 Sims Drive. He was escorted to his residential unit
(“the Unit”) where searches conducted by officers of the Central Narcotics
Bureau (“CNB”) resulted in the recovery of the following items:

(a) from the right drawer under the television console (which location was
marked “A”):

(i) one red ‘Dermacel’ bag (marked “A1”) containing one newspaper wrapped
bundle (marked “A1A”), which in turn contained:

(A) one plastic packet (marked “A1A1”) which contained one plastic-wrapped
bundle containing vegetable matter (marked “A1A1A”);

(B) one clear plastic packet containing vegetable matter (marked “A1A2”); and

(C) one bundle wrapped in black tape (marked “A2”) which contained one
plastic-wrapped block containing vegetable matter (marked “A2A”);

(b) from the left drawer under the television console (which location was
marked “B”):

(i) two bundles wrapped in black tape (marked “B1” and “B2” respectively)
which contained two blocks wrapped in brown tape each containing vegetable
matter (marked “B1A” and “B2A” respectively); and

(ii) one bundle wrapped in clear plastic (marked “B3”) which contained one
paper-wrapped block (marked “B3A”) containing vegetable matter (marked
“B3A1”);

(c) from under the kitchen stove (which location was marked “D”):

(i) one paper bag (marked “Dl”) containing one plastic bag (marked “D1A”)
which in turn contained two newspaper-wrapped blocks (marked “D1A1” and
“D1A2”) each containing one plastic-wrapped block of vegetable matter (marked
“D1A1A” and “D1A2A” respectively).

6 The eight exhibits containing vegetable matters (“A1A1A”, “A1A2”, “A2A”,
“B1A”, “B2A”, “B3A1”, “D1A1A” and “D1A2A”) were found collectively to contain:

(a) not less than 1,838.8 grams of vegetable matter which was analysed and
found to be cannabis as defined in s 2 of the MDA; and

(b) not less than 2,775.34 grams of fragmented vegetable matter which was
analysed and found to contain cannabinol and tetrahydrocannabinol, and was
therefore cannabis mixture as defined in s 2 of the MDA.

The foregoing will hereinafter be referred to collectively as “the Drugs”.

7 These eight exhibits were received by the Accused about a week before his
arrest from persons known to him as “Boy Jack” and “Boy Siva”. The eight
exhibits were all contained in the plastic bag “D1A” when they were given by
Boy Jack and Boy Siva to the Accused. The Accused then asked Boy Jack and Boy
Siva for a bag to put “D1A” in, and Boy Jack and Boy Siva gave the Accused the
empty paper bag “D1”. The Accused then placed “D1A” into “D1” and brought the
exhibits up to the Unit, where he opened “D1A” and took some of the exhibits
out of “D1A” to keep at the locations marked “A” and “B”. The exhibits not
taken out were then kept by the Accused within “D1A” at the location marked
“D”.

8 The Accused’s DNA was found on the exterior surface, interior surface and
handles of bag “A1”, and the interior surface and string handles of the bag
“D1”.

9 Besides the foregoing, CNB officers also found, on a shelf in the Unit’s
kitchen (which location was marked “C”), a red basket (marked “C1”) containing
controlled drugs and drug paraphernalia. Further, when arrested, the Accused
was carrying a blue drawstring bag (marked “E”) which was found to contain
controlled drugs. (The Prosecution’s Closing Submission erroneously referred
to the blue drawstring bag as exhibit “F” instead of “E”. There is no exhibit
marked “F” in this case.) These controlled drugs and drug paraphernalia were
not the subject of the two capital charges.

10 Prior to his arrest, the Accused had been a consumer of the drugs
methamphetamine (also known as “Ice”) and Erimin-5, but not cannabis.

Prosecution’s case

11 It was the Prosecution’s case that:

(a) the Accused had purchased the Drugs from Boy Jack and Boy Siva on credit;

(b) when the Accused received the plastic bag “D1A” from Boy Jack and Boy
Siva, the Accused had known that it contained controlled drugs, in particular,
cannabis and cannabis mixture; and

(c) the Accused had intended to sell the Drugs for money.

12 To prove its case, the Prosecution relied on the statements of the Accused
recorded by the CNB officers, the Accused’s testimony in court, the
conditioned statements and oral testimonies of CNB officers, as well as the
presumption of knowledge as to the nature of the Drugs under s 18(2) of the
MDA (“the s 18(2) presumption”).

13 The Prosecution did not rely on the presumption concerning trafficking
under s 17 of the MDA. This was consistent with the position laid down in Mohd
Halmi bin Hamid and another v Public Prosecutor [2006] 1 SLR(R) 548 at [8] and
[10] that the presumptions in ss 17 and 18 of the MDA cannot be applied
conjunctively.

Defence’s Case

14 The Accused chose to give evidence at trial in his defence. He did not call
any other witnesses. The Accused’s position was that:

(a) about one week before his arrest, he was given the plastic bag “D1A” and
its contents by Boy Jack and Boy Siva for him to deliver to Boy Jack’s and Boy
Siva’s friend on their instructions;

(b) he did not know that “D1A” and its contents contained cannabis and
cannabis mixture; and

(c) he did not pay Boy Jack and Boy Siva for the contents of “D1A” and he was
not planning to sell them.

15 While the Accused did not challenge the voluntariness of the statements
taken from him by the CNB officers, he claimed that:

(a) the statements were never read back to him nor was he invited to read
them; and

(b) the statements contained inaccuracies and fabrications in that the
incriminating parts of the statements were never said by him.

The Accused therefore asked the court to give no weight to the statements.

The law

16 As laid down by the Court of Appeal in Raman Selvam s/o Renganathan v
Public Prosecutor [2004] 1 SLR(R) 550, the conditions necessary for a
conviction for an offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA are (at
[35]):

(a) possession of a controlled drug;

(b) knowledge of the nature of the drug;

(c) possession for the purpose of trafficking; and

(d) absence of authorisation under the MDA.

Whether the Accused was in possession of the Drugs

17 The element of possession was not disputed in the present case. The Drugs
were found in the Unit, which was the Accused’s residence. The Accused did not
deny knowledge of the bundles and packages containing the Drugs, nor did he
claim that the Drugs had been placed in the Unit by anyone else. In fact, the
Accused’s testimony at trial was that he had been given the bundles and
packages containing the Drugs by Boy Jack and Boy Siva, and that he was the
one who had placed those bundles and packages at the locations where the CNB
officers later found them.

Whether the Accused knew the nature of the Drugs

18 In the light of the foregoing, the s 18(2) presumption was triggered.
Section 18(2) of the MDA provides that:

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

To rebut the s 18(2) presumption, the Accused needed to prove on the balance
of probability that he did not know or could not reasonably be expected to
have known the nature of the Drugs: see Dinesh Pillai a/l K Raja Retnam v
Public Prosecutor [2012] 2 SLR 903 at [18].

Evidence presented by the Prosecution

19 The Accused gave a contemporaneous statement in Malay at the Unit at 6.40pm
on the day of the arrest. This statement was recorded by Sergeant Muhammad
Zulyadi bin Zulkeplie (“PW 19”) in English. The relevant portions read:

Q1 What is this? (B1 were shown to 07 bundle of vegetable matters which was
found on him during arrest)

A1 This is ‘Barang’

Q2 What is ‘Barang’?

A2 Ganja

Q3 What is this? (B1 were shown 02 big packet, 05 small packet containing
crystalline substance which was found in a red basket placed on top of the
kitchen shelf)

A3 Ice.

[signatures]

Q4 What is this? (B1 were shown 02 blocks of veget and 01 packet of vegetable
substance which was found from the right drawer of the TV console)

A4 ‘Barang’.

Q5 What is this? (B1 were shown 03 blocks wrapped with tapes found from left
drawer of the TV console)

A5 ‘Barang’

[Note: Q1 referred to the contents of the blue drawstring bag marked “E”, Q3
referred to the contents of the red basket marked “C1”, Q4 referred to the
items recovered from the location marked “A”, while Q5 referred to the items
recovered from the location marked “B”.]

20 Subsequently, after CNB officers found the items recovered from the
location marked “D” during a final search of the Unit, PW 19 took another
contemporaneous statement from the Accused at 9.35pm, in which the Accused was
recorded as having given the following answer to the following question:

Q 15 What is this? (B1 was shown 02 blocks wrapped with newspaper which was
found below stove.)

A 15 ‘Barang’

21 In his cautioned statement taken one day after his arrest, the Accused
said:

Hisham don’t know anything about the drugs. I only asked him to help me send
my parents and myself from Sims Drive to Bedok. I regret of my actions. I
asked for forgiveness and I hope for another chance. I admit that what I did
was wrong. If I am given another chance, I would not repeat my mistakes
because I am the sole bread winner to support my wife and my 3 children. I
really regret my actions. I hope my repentants [sic] will be accepted.

The name “Hisham” in this passage referred to a friend of the Accused who was
in the Accused’s company at the time of the arrest and who was consequently
arrested together with the Accused. The cautioned statement was taken from the
Accused by Inspector Teh Chee Sim Karlson (“PW 34”) in the presence of a Malay
language interpreter, Norashikin binte Bunyamin (“PW 1”).

22 The Accused was also recorded in his long statements as admitting that he
knew he was receiving cannabis from Boy Jack and Boy Siva when they gave him
the plastic bag “D1A”.

The Accused’s explanations

23 When cross-examining the prosecution witnesses during the Prosecution’s
case, Defence Counsel put to them that, when the Accused was brought up to the
Unit, Staff Sergeant Mohammad Ridzuan Shah bin Osman (“PW 9”) asked the
Accused whether he had anything to surrender and the Accused responded
“surrender what?”. According to the Accused’s evidence in court, after he was
brought back to the Unit, a CNB officer asked him “Are there any more of
this?” while pointing to the blue drawstring bag marked “E”, and the Accused
answered “I do not know”. Despite the minor discrepancy between the version
put forth by Defence Counsel during the Prosecution’s case and the version
given in the Accused’s oral evidence, the purport of this part of the
Accused’s case is clear – when asked by CNB officers about the presence of
controlled drugs in the Unit, the Accused had denied any knowledge, and this
denial corroborated the Accused’s position that he had no knowledge as to the
nature of the Drugs.

24 Although PW 9 indicated during cross-examination that he could not remember
if the Accused had said “surrender what?”, PW 9 also said in cross-examination
that the Accused had responded to PW 9’s question by confirming that the
Accused had something to surrender. Three other CNB officers who were present
at the Unit with PW 9 and the Accused (ie, Staff Sergeant Mohamed Faizil bin
Mohamed Farook (“PW 18”), Inspector Tjoa Nazri Adam (“PW 12”) and Staff
Sergeant Mohamad Khairul bin Mohamad (“PW 15”)) were also asked during cross-
examination whether they heard the Accused responding to PW 9 with the
question “surrender what?”. They all denied having heard this from the
Accused.

25 The Accused did not dispute that the contemporaneous statements accurately
recorded him as having identified the nature of the Drugs, but he gave the
following explanations for his answers:

(a) the Accused said “this is barang” because PW 19 had said “this is barang”
first so the Accused just followed by repeating the word “barang”;

(b) “barang” merely meant “items” or “objects”; and

(c)  he used the word “ganja” because the packages had already been opened and
shown to him, thus allowing him to see their contents. PW 19 then prompted the
Accused by asking the Accused “ganja, right?”.

The Accused also proffered a similar explanation in respect of those parts of
his long statements which recorded him as having identified the Drugs as
cannabis.

26 At trial, the Accused explained that:

(a) he had received the bundles and packages containing the Drugs inside the
plastic bag “D1A” from Boy Jack and Boy Siva;

(b) he did not know what was inside the plastic bag “D1A”; and

(c) he had been told by Boy Jack and Boy Siva that, later in the same day, a
friend of theirs would call the Accused and the Accused was to give the entire
plastic bag “D1A” to the friend.

27 Neither the Defence Counsel nor the Prosecution asked the Accused at trial
what the Accused had thought the plastic bag “D1A” contained, and the Accused
did not offer any account of what he had thought or believed “D1A” contained.
Nor did the Defence Counsel or the Prosecution ask the Accused at trial
whether he had checked the contents of the plastic bag “D1A”, and the Accused
did not assert that he had done so.

Assessment

28 As noted at [26]-[27] above, the Accused’s claim was simply that he did not
know what he had received from Boy Jack and Boy Siva. The Accused did not
explain what he had thought or believed that he received from Boy Jack and Boy
Siva. This is fatal to any attempt to rebut the s 18(2) presumption. As
explained by the Court of Appeal in Obeng Comfort v Public Prosecutor [2017] 1
SLR 633 (“Obeng Comfort”) at [39]:

39 In a case where the accused is seeking to rebut the presumption of
knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA, as a matter of common sense and practical
application, he should be able to say what he thought or believed he was
carrying, particularly when the goods have to be carried across international
borders as they could be prohibited goods or goods which are subject to tax.
It would not suffice for the accused to claim simply that he did not know what
he was carrying save that he did not know or think it was drugs. If such a
simplistic claim could rebut the presumption in s 18(2), the presumption would
be all bark and no bite. …

29 Furthermore, the lack of any attempt by the Accused to deny knowledge of
the nature of the Drugs in his cautioned statement was particularly telling
given that he had specifically addressed his mind to the question of knowledge
when making his cautioned statement. As mentioned, the Accused stated in his
cautioned statement that “Hisham don’t know anything about the drugs”. If the
Accused also did not know anything about the drugs, he would have said so,
rather than caveat only Hisham’s knowledge. But he did not. I therefore drew
an adverse inference against the Accused on this issue pursuant to s 261(1) of
the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”).

30 I also found the Accused’s explanations concerning his contemporaneous
statements (as outlined at [25] above) difficult to accept.

31 With regard to the Accused’s explanation that he had identified the
contents of the bundles and packages as “ganja” when giving his
contemporaneous statements only because their contents had been made visible
to him by then, a close reading of the Accused’s evidence-in-chief will reveal
that this explanation applied only to Q1 of the contemporaneous statement,
which related to the contents of the blue drawstring bag “E”. The contents of
“E” were not the subject of the two capital charges. The Accused did not use
this explanation when it came to Q4, Q5 and Q15, which were the questions
concerning the Drugs. Instead, the Accused’s explanation was that “barang” in
his answers to Q4, Q5 and Q15 meant merely “items” or “objects”. I found this
explanation difficult to believe given that the Accused’s use of the word
“barang” in answer to Q4, Q5 and Q15 came after his answer to Q2 that by
“barang” he had meant “ganja”. I therefore did not accept this explanation.

32 I also gave little weight to the Accused’s claim, as outlined at [23]
above, that he had denied knowledge of the presence of the Drugs in the Unit
when asked by the CNB officers if he had anything to surrender. First, the
Accused’s claim was denied by the CNB officers during trial. Secondly, even
assuming that such a denial had been made, the denial could not be viewed in
isolation but must be assessed in the light of all the other evidence bearing
on the issue. While such a denial could be regarded as evidence of the
Accused’s lack of knowledge, it was also consistent with the instinctive
reaction of a guilty person seeking to deny a crime and distance himself from
it. When all the evidence was viewed in the round, I was of the view that such
a denial, even assuming it had occurred, would not have been sufficient to
outweigh the difficulties identified at [28]-[31] above.

33 I therefore found that the Accused had failed to rebut the presumption
under s 18(2) of the MDA that he knew the nature of the Drugs.

Whether the Accused was in possession of the Drugs for the purpose of
trafficking

34 Section 5(2) of the MDA provided that:

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a person commits the offence of trafficking
in a controlled drug if he has in his possession that drug for the purpose of
trafficking.

35 According to s 2 of the MDA:

“traffic” means –

(a) to sell, give, administer, transport, send, deliver or distribute; or

(b) to offer to do anything mentioned in paragraph (a),

otherwise than under the authority of this Act, and “trafficking” has a
corresponding meaning

Evidence presented by the Prosecution

36 In the contemporaneous statements given by the Accused to PW 19 on 16 March
2015, the Accused was recorded as saying that he had intended to let one
“Ocheng” sell the Drugs as well as the controlled drugs found in the blue
drawstring bag marked “E”, and “Ocheng” would later return the sale proceeds
to the Accused. In a subsequent statement taken on 17 March 2015 by Station
Inspector Hisham bin Sulaiman (“PW 20”), the Accused was recorded as wanting
to amend his earlier contemporaneous statement to the extent that:

(a) only the controlled drugs found in the blue drawstring bag marked “E” were
meant for “Ocheng”; and

(b) the Drugs were meant to be sold to other clients.

37 In the long statement given to PW 34 on 21 March 2015, the Accused was
recorded as saying that he began buying cannabis on credit from Boy Jack and
Boy Siva from July 2014 to sell to various customers. In the long statement
given to PW 34 on 23 March 2015, the Accused was recorded as saying:

15 One week before I was arrested, I cannot remember the exact date, both Boy
Siva, Boy Jack called and asked to me meet at the car park of Blk 54 Sims
Drive. We later met and had an argument at the carpark over money matters. I
then agreed to pay them about S$2000/- plus to S$3000/-. Both Boy Jack and Boy
Siva accepted the money. Before they go, they pleaded me to take some more
drugs from them, there were two and a half kilograms of cannabis and one
packet about 50 grams of Ice. Initially I refused to take as I still have
quite a lot of balance at home. They said this order also had been cancelled
and they did not want to bring it back to Malaysia. I then decided to just
take first as I need money to pay for my house expenses. They said they will
call me back about the payment later and they left. I then took all the drugs
back home.

38 The Accused was also recorded in the long statement given to PW 34 on 24
March 2015 as saying:

35 Another 2½ kilogram of cannabis and 50 grams of Ice were handed over to me
one week before I was arrested in March 2015. At that time I pay them another
$2000 to $3000 and that was the last payment I pay Boy Siva and Boy Jack.

36 That was the reason why I was arrested with the balance of about 5
kilograms cannabis and 100 over grams of Ice in my house.

39 The Accused was also recorded in the long statements of 23 March 2015 and
24 March 2015 as saying that the prices he charged for selling cannabis ranged
from $200 for 25 grams, to $350 for 50 grams, to $1,100 for 200 grams.

40 The long statement of 21 March 2015 recorded the Accused reiterating that
the controlled drugs found in the blue drawstring bag marked “E” were meant to
be sold to “Ocheng”. As for the Drugs, none of the long statements explained
who the intended recipients or buyers of the Drugs were.

41 On 7 April 2015, the Accused was assessed by Dr Subhash Gupta (“Dr Gupta”),
Consultant of the Department of General and Forensic Psychiatry at the
Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”), for soundness of mind and fitness to plead
in a court of law. In his report dated 13 April 2015, Dr Gupta recorded that
he had been informed by the Accused that:

(a) the Accused had built up a stockpile of cannabis as his supplier kept on
giving cannabis to him on credit despite the Accused telling the supplier that
he was not able to sell that much cannabis; and

(b) on the day of the “alleged offence”, the Accused had received a call from
a client and was out with a friend to deliver cannabis when both he and his
friend were arrested.

The Accused’s explanations

42 At trial, the Accused explained that:

(a) about a week before his arrest, Boy Jack and Boy Siva had given him the
plastic bag “D1A”;

(b) he did not know what was inside the plastic bag “D1A”;

(c) Boy Jack and Boy Siva told the Accused that a friend of theirs would call
him later that day, and the Accused was to hand the plastic bag “D1A” and its
contents to the said friend; and

(d) while he owed money to Boy Jack and Boy Siva, these were gambling debts
and not debts arising from the sale and purchase of controlled drugs.

43 The Accused denied having admitted to the CNB officers who recorded his
statements that he had been selling cannabis or that he had bought cannabis
from Boy Jack and Boy Siva. The Accused did not challenge the voluntariness of
those statements. Instead, the Accused’s position was that those parts of the
statements relating to the buying and selling of controlled drugs, including
information about the prices of controlled drugs, were fabricated by the CNB
officers without the Accused’s knowledge. The Accused’s evidence was that none
of those statements had been read back to him, nor had he been invited to read
the statements himself before signing them. In particular, Defence Counsel
pointed to one uncorrected typographical error in the long statements (ie, an
erroneous reference to “your customer” instead of “my customer” in paragraph 4
of the long statement of 21 March 2015) as evidence that the long statements
had never been read back to the Accused by either PW 1 or PW 34. According to
Defence Counsel, if the long statement had been read back to the Accused, this
typographical error would definitely have been spotted and corrected in the
process.

44 As for Dr Gupta’s report, the Accused denied telling Dr Gupta that he had
been buying and selling cannabis. In particular, the Accused denied telling Dr
Gupta that he had built up a stockpile of cannabis.

45 The Accused confirmed at trial that his cautioned statement was accurately
recorded.

Assessment

46 I will begin by examining the Accused’s allegations concerning Dr Gupta’s
report followed by his allegations concerning the contemporaneous and long
statements.

Dr Gupta’s report

47 When asked during cross-examination whether he could have misunderstood the
Accused, Dr Gupta sought and obtained the court’s permission to refer to his
handwritten notes of his interview with the Accused. He then read out the
following passage from his handwritten notes:

“He started selling cannabis in July 2014 as he needed money and had some
debts. Used to make”---two hun---“S$2,000 by selling 500grams of cannabis. Did
like this two to three times in October and pay these loans. From then, till 1
week before the arrest, the supplier kept on giving him cannabis on credit in
spite of him saying that he cannot pay/sell so much. On the day of alleged
offence, he was at his parent’s house (Sims’s Drive) where his stock was and
he had called a friend – co-accused who is a taxi-driver to drop his parents
to Bedok at his sister’s place. (He lives at times with sister, at times with
parents.) Got the customer’s call to deliver. Was caught with his friend and
cannabis.”

Thereafter, Defence Counsel ceased his cross-examination and did not challenge
any part of Dr Gupta’s report or put any other allegations from the Accused to
Dr Gupta.

48 Dr Gupta was a consultant psychiatrist at the IMH when he interviewed the
Accused. At the time of the trial, Dr Gupta had left the IMH and moved to the
UK. Since Dr Gupta was not associated with the CNB either in his former or
current capacity, I considered Dr Gupta to be an independent and disinterested
witness.

49 In the light of the foregoing, I saw no reason to doubt that the statements
in Dr Gupta’s report, concerning the Accused’s buying and selling of cannabis,
accurately recorded what the Accused had told Dr Gupta.

The statements recorded by the CNB officers

(1) Whether the statements were read back to the accused

50 In respect of the contemporaneous statements, PW 19 testified that:

(a) both he and the Accused had spoken to each other in Malay during the
taking of the contemporaneous statements;

(b) he had recorded the statements in English in handwriting;

(c) he then read the statements back to the Accused;

(d) as the Accused was seated beside PW 19 when PW 19 was reading the
statements back to the Accused, PW 19 had shown the statement to the Accused
and the Accused was also following and reading the statement as PW 19 read it
back to the Accused.

51 The contemporaneous statements were signed on every page by the Accused. In
particular, the Accused signed his name against a declaration written by PW 19
in English at the end of each contemporaneous statement to the effect that the
relevant statement had been read back to the Accused in Malay.

52 With regard to the long statements, these were taken by PW 34 in the
presence of PW 1. PW 34 spoke in English to the Accused but the Accused did
not require PW 34’s questions to be translated into Malay by PW 1. Instead, PW
1 would provide assistance to the Accused only in relation to those parts of
PW 34’s utterance which the Accused had difficulty understanding. The Accused
would respond to PW 34’s questions in a mixture of English and Malay, and PW
34 would seek PW 1’s assistance for those parts of the Accused’s answers given
in Malay.

53 Both PW 1 and PW 34 gave evidence that, after PW 34 typed out the long
statements in English and checked them, they were read back to the Accused by
PW 1 in Malay.

54 Similarly, like the contemporaneous statements, the long statements were
signed on every page by the Accused. In particular, the Accused signed his
name against a declaration written by PW 1 at the end of each long statement
confirming that the relevant statement had been interpreted and read back to
him in Malay.

55 During the cross-examination of PW 1, Defence Counsel did not put to PW 1
that she had omitted to read the long statements back to the Accused. During
the cross-examination of PW 34, although Defence Counsel alluded obliquely to
the possibility that PW 1 may not have read the long statements back to the
Accused, Defence Counsel fell short of putting the point directly to PW 34.

56 I found that PW 1, PW 19 and PW 34 all fared well under cross-examination.
They did not waver on the issue of whether the statements had been read to the
Accused. Their testimonies were consistent and believable. None of them
betrayed any sign of falsehood or deception in their demeanour during cross-
examination.

57 I did not place much weight on the one uncorrected typographical error
highlighted by Defence Counsel. It would require a huge logical leap to
conclude, from the existence of this one error, that none of the statements
had been read back to the Accused, especially when numerous other errors had
been picked up and corrected by hand throughout these statements, and the
Accused had signed against each of these other corrections.

58 Having observed the Accused on the witness stand, I found the Accused to be
a reasonably sharp and intelligent person. I therefore found it difficult to
believe that, in the absence of any circumstance affecting voluntariness
(which the Defence did not raise), the Accused would have signed the
statements even though he was not aware of the contents of these statements
(either by having them read back to him or otherwise).

59 For the foregoing reasons, I rejected the Accused’s contention that the
statements had not been read back to him.

60 There is one other point I should highlight. The Prosecution relied on the
following exchange during cross-examination as an admission by the Accused
that the statements had been read back to him:

Q And after the statements were read to you, you signed the statements to
affirm the contents of those statements. Agree or disagree?

A Yes, agree.

I did not place weight on this as I appreciated that there could be some
ambiguity as to whether the Accused was merely confirming that he had signed
the statements, or that he was confirming (in addition) that the statements
had been read to him.

(2) Whether the Accused should have been invited to read the statements for
himself before signing them

61 Defence Counsel argued in closing submission that:

28 The crux of this case is that since DW1 understands English why was he not
given a chance to read the statement or at least invited to read the
statements. If he understands English there is no need to read over to him.
Section 22 (3) (b) and (c) of the CPC must be read together and likewise for
Section 23 (3) (b) and (c). The reading back will only come into play only if
he does not understand English.

62 This was a novel argument. Defence Counsel was essentially saying that:

(a) the obligation to read an accused’s statement back to the accused only
applied to an accused who did not understand English;

(b) consequently, if an accused understood English there was no requirement
for his statements to be read back to him;

(c) where the requirement to read back the statements did not apply, there
would be a requirement that the accused be invited to read the statements
himself.

63 The flimsiness of this argument was apparent from a mere perusal of
statutory provision. Section 22(3) of the CPC read:

(3) A statement made by any person examined under this section must –

(a) be in writing;

(b) be read over to him;

(c) if he does not understand English, be interpreted for him in a language
that he understands; and

(d) be signed by him.

A comparison of s 22(3)(b) with s 22(3)(c) revealed that the latter was
qualified by the phrase “if he does not understand English” while the former
was not. As a matter of statutory interpretation, there was simply no basis
for reading s 22(3)(b) as applying only to persons who did not understand
English. No authority was cited to the court to support the Defence Counsel’s
submission. I therefore rejected the submission that there was a legal
requirement that the Accused be invited to read the statement for himself,
merely because he understood English.

64 Having said that, I would add that in a case where the accused made a
specific request to be allowed to read his statement and this request was
denied, the court may rightfully view that denial with suspicion and
consequently doubt the reliability of the statement. But that was not the case
here. The Accused’s claim was that the CNB officers were statutorily obligated
to “invite” him to read his own statement. The Accused did not allege that he
had requested to read his own statements and had been denied the opportunity
to do so. I specifically asked the Accused whether the statements were
presented to him for signing in such a manner that, had he wanted to read the
statements for himself, he could have done so, or were the statements taken
hurriedly away from him. His answer was that he could not remember. In any
event, the Accused admitted during the trial that his understanding of English
was limited and that, even if he had been given the opportunity to read the
statements himself, there would have been parts of the statements which he
could not understand. In fact, PW 19 confirmed during cross-examination that
he had invited the Accused to read the contemporaneous statements. In the
circumstances, I saw no reason to place less weight on the statements merely
because the Accused had not read the statements himself.

(3) Whether incriminating portions of the long statements were fabricated by
PW 34

65 Given my finding that the statements had been read back to the Accused and
that the Accused was not denied the opportunity to read his own statements, I
could not accept the Accused’s allegation that the incriminating portions of
his long statements were all fabricated by PW 34. Significantly, this
allegation of fabrication was not put to PW 1 during cross-examination. Given
that PW 1 had been present during the recording of the long statement and was
responsible for interpreting and reading to the Accused what PW 34 had
recorded, she would have been a critical witness to any alleged fabrication.
The failure to cross-examine PW 1 on this issue further undermined the
credibility of the Accused’s allegation.

Conclusion

66 In the light of the foregoing, I gave full weight to the contemporaneous
statements and long statements of the Accused. Consequently, I found that it
had been proven beyond a reasonable doubt that the Accused was in possession
of the Drugs for the purpose of trafficking.

67 For completeness, I add that, even if I had acceded to the Defence
Counsel’s submission for me to place no weight on the Accused’s statements, I
would have still found it proven beyond a reasonable doubt that the Accused
was in possession of the Drugs for the purpose of trafficking.

68 First, the Accused admitted at trial that he had received the contents of
plastic bag “D1A” from Boy Jack and Boy Siva for the purpose of delivering the
said contents to one of their friends. The act of delivering constituted
trafficking as defined in s 2 of the MDA. This would have been sufficient to
sustain a finding that the Accused had been in possession of the Drugs for the
purpose of trafficking.

69 Secondly, even without relying on the Accused’s statements and the
Accused’s admission discussed at [68] above, there remained sufficient
objective evidence to sustain a finding that the Accused had been in
possession of the Drugs for the purpose of trafficking. This was because:

(a) the quantity of the Drugs was huge – roughly three times the amount needed
to trigger the mandatory death penalty;

(b) the Accused did not consume cannabis and therefore would not have required
the cannabis for his personal consumption; and

(c) there was a complete lack of explanation from the Accused as to what other
purposes he could have been in possession of the Drugs for if not for the
purpose of trafficking.

Whether the trafficking was unauthorised

70 It was undisputed that the Accused was not authorised under the MDA or the
regulations made thereunder to possess and traffic in the Drugs.

Other matters arising in the course of these proceedings

The Accused’s admission of mistake, expression of regret and plea for
forgiveness in his cautioned statement

71 The Accused ended his cautioned statement with the following passage:

I regret of my actions. I asked for forgiveness and I hope for another chance.
I admit that what I did was wrong. If I am given another chance, I would not
repeat my mistake because I am the sole bread winner to support my wife and my
3 children. I really regret my actions. I hope my repentants [sic] will be
accepted.

72 The Prosecution submitted that this passage reflected the Accused’s guilt
in respect of the two capital charges. Defence Counsel submitted that this
passage should not be interpreted as an admission of guilt. The Accused’s
explanation at trial for this passage in his cautioned statement was as
follows:

Q Okay. When you made this statement, in short, you would---in your statement,
you s---you said you regret what you have done, what you did was wrong,
“regret my actions”, “hope for repentants will be accepted”, all these, does
it show or does it mean that you had knowledge that you were in possession was
drugs?

A Your Honour, at the point of my arrest, I don’t know about the drugs becau
---at that point in time, the items were not open. So when this statement---
cautioned statement was recorded, by that time, all---all the items were
opened. And it was also after the weighing process, the officer came to me and
wrote all these in the cautioned statement. And having said to me what were in
the notice of warning, he then asked me if I had anything to say. So it was at
that point of time when everything was already open and every---at that time
---in point of time it was---after the weighing process has---was already
over.

73 Even though I found the Accused’s explanation difficult to follow, I
decided to give the Accused the benefit of the doubt on this issue and
therefore did not give any weight to the passage quoted at [71] above in
coming to my decision.

The controlled drugs found in the blue drawstring bag and the drug
paraphernalia found in the red basket

74 Defence Counsel made the following points in his closing submissions:

22 The contents in the blue drawstring bag was later discovered to contain
vegetable matter as listed out in paragraph 5.1 of PW9 conditioned statement
shown at page 262. The defence would like to highlight that the prosecution is
not charging the accused on having in possession of what was in the drawstring
bag.

23 The other item which the PW9 claimed that that the accused did surrender
was the red basket which was on top of the kitchen shelf as listed in the
whole of paragraph 5.2 of PW 9 conditioned statement. Again if indeed these
were surrendered by the accused, these items that were surrender are not part
of the prosecution case.

75 This submission was grounded on erroneous factual assumptions. The
controlled drugs in the blue drawstring bag were the subject of the 2nd and
7th charges on which the Accused was committed to trial, while the drug
paraphernalia in the red basket were the subject of the 5th charge on which
the Accused was committed to trial. These charges had been stood down at the
commencement of the trial when the Prosecution decided to proceed only with
the two capital charges.

76 In this regard, I would observe that the Prosecution had rightly refrained
from presenting any evidence which was relevant only to the stood down charges
but not the two capital charges. Such evidence would have been prejudicial to
the Accused while being devoid of probative value in relation to the two
capital charges.

The role of “Ocheng”

77 Even though the character “Ocheng” was mentioned several times in the
Accused’s statements, he was not called as a witness at trial. I therefore
asked for further written submissions on whether I should draw any inference
or conclusion from the absence of “Ocheng” as a witness in the light of the
Court of Appeal’s remark in Harven a/l Segar v Public Prosecutor [2017] SGCA
16 (“Harven Segar”) that:

68 Finally, we note that there was no evidence either in the court below or
before us from Sulaimi and Mogan. It is clear to us that both of them are
material and critical witnesses who would have been able to either corroborate
or rebut the Appellant’s defence. At the trial, Investigating Officer Yeo Wee
Beng informed the court that both Sulaimi and Mogan had already been arrested
by the CNB, convicted and sentenced ... Given that both Sulaimi and Mogan were
held in custody at the time of the trial, it is curious that neither the
Prosecution nor the Defence called them to testify. The court was thus
deprived of the assistance which they could have given. We would only observe
that the Prosecution would have known, from the statements which both Mogan
and Sulaimi had given to the CNB, what they were likely to say if they were
called as witnesses at the trial, while the same could not be said of the
Appellant.

78 Having read the further written submissions, I found that “Ocheng” was not
a material witness. In Harven Segar, Mogan and Sulaimi were material
witnesses. Mogan was the person from whom the accused received the controlled
drugs with which he was caught, and Sulaimi was the intended recipient of the
said controlled drugs. In the present case, the Accused was recorded in his
contemporaneous statements and long statements as saying that “Ocheng” was not
the intended recipient of the Drugs. According to these statements, the role
of “Ocheng” was only in relation to the controlled drugs in the blue
drawstring bag “E”. As noted at [75] above, those drugs were the subject of
the 2nd and 7th charges and not the two capital charges that were proceeded
with. At trial, the Accused said that the Drugs were meant to be delivered to
an unidentified friend of Boy Jack’s and Boy Siva’s. Since “Ocheng” had no
role in relation to the Drugs, there was no reason to think that he would have
any relevant evidence to give in relation to the two capital charges. There
was also no indication that “Ocheng” would have any insight into the Accused’s
state of knowledge vis-à-vis the Drugs. On the contrary, if “Ocheng” had
appeared as a witness, his evidence would fall squarely within the category of
prejudicial evidence devoid of probative value described in [76].

79 Further, in Harven Segar, the evidence of Mogan and Sulaimi was critical
because the accused had provided a consistent and believable explanation to
rebut the s 18(2) presumption. In the present case, the Accused’s defence was
a bare denial and it was a defence which the Accused failed to raise when
first given the opportunity to do so. Consequently, the Accused came nowhere
close to rebutting the s 18(2) presumption. As such, the need for the
Prosecution to call further witnesses to rebut the Accused’s evidence did not
arise.

80 In the circumstances, “Ocheng” was not a material or critical witness in
relation to the two capital charges before this court, and I did not consider
it justified to draw an adverse inference, whether against the Prosecution or
the Accused, for their omission to call “Ocheng” as witness during the trial.

Decision

81 For the reasons above, in respect of both of the charges to which the
Accused had claimed trial (ie, the 1st amended charge and the 6th charge), I
concluded that:

(a) the Accused had been in possession of the Drugs;

(b) pursuant to the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA which was not
rebutted, the Accused had known the nature of the Drugs;

(c) the Accused had had the Drugs in his possession for the purpose of
trafficking; and

(d) the trafficking was not authorised by the MDA or the regulations made
thereunder.

I therefore convicted the Accused on both charges.

82 As both charges carried the mandatory death penalty and neither the
Prosecution nor the Defence contended that the discretion not to impose the
death penalty under s 33B of the MDA applied, I passed the sentence of death
on the Accused.

Pang Khang Chau  
Judicial Commissioner

Eugene Lee and Shen Wanqin (Attorney-General’s Chambers)  
for the prosecution;  
Johan Bin Ismail (Johan Ismail & Co) and Lam Wai Seng  
(Lam W.S. & Co) for the accused.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

