Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 122

Companies Winding Up No 7 of 2018  
(HC/Summons No 1931 of 2018)

In the matter of the Companies Act (Cap 50)  
  
Skaugen Marine Investments Pte Ltd

Between

DHJS Hull No 2007-002 LLC

… Plaintiff

And

Skaugen Marine Investments Pte Ltd

… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Companies] — [winding up]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
DHJS Hull No 2007-002 LLC

  

v

  

Skaugen Marine Investments Pte Ltd

[2018] SGHC 122

High Court — Companies Winding-Up No 7 of 2018 and HC/Summons No 1931 of 2018  
Choo Han Teck J  
10, 14 May 2018

21 May 2018

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The defendant chartered a vessel from the plaintiff on 28 July 2008 but did
not pay after receiving invoices for the charter. On 20 December 2017, the
plaintiff issued a statutory demand and a notice of arbitration, informing the
defendant that disputes had arisen under the charter party, and that the
plaintiff was referring the said disputes to arbitration. The defendant’s
solicitors wrote to the plaintiff’s solicitors on 10 January 2018, stating
that the debt, which formed the basis of the statutory demand, was disputed,
and as “arbitration already commenced, your clients may not seek to proceed
further in the Singapore courts and instead should submit their claims for
determination in the arbitration”. The plaintiff nevertheless commenced
winding up proceedings on 15 January 2018 based on the statutory demand.

2 On 10 May 2018, counsel for the defendant, Mr Ng, applied in Summons No 1931
of 2018 for the proceedings to be abridged. I granted his application and was
prepared to hear the winding up application proper. However, counsel for the
plaintiff, Mr Lin, requested for time to file certain authorities in support
of his submissions. I thus adjourned the hearing to 14 May 2018, where Mr Lin
made an application to be substituted by a supporting creditor (DHJS Hull No.
2007-001 LLC) in the event that the winding up proceedings were dismissed,
stayed, or withdrawn by the plaintiff. The supporting creditor had issued a
statutory demand to the defendant, for which the last day of payment (11 May
2018) had elapsed without any payment. The supporting creditor had also
obtained a partial final arbitral award in its favour, in respect of the debt
which formed the basis of the statutory demand.

3 At the hearing on 14 May 2018, I made the following orders:

(a) Companies Winding Up No 7 of 2018 is dismissed;

(b) the plaintiff’s application to be substituted by a supporting creditor is
dismissed; and

(c) costs to the defendant are fixed at $18,000 plus reasonable disbursements.

I now furnish the grounds of my decision.

4 Mr Ng submitted that the winding up proceedings should be dismissed as the
debt in question is disputed. In support of this, Mr Ng raised four points.
First, the arbitral tribunal issued a ruling that there was a dispute relating
to the unpaid charter hire. Second, the plaintiff conceded that there is such
a dispute, and amended its claim before the tribunal to include the dispute.
Third, from the outset the defendant had made it clear to the plaintiff that
the debt was disputed. Fourth, the defendant has counterclaims against the
plaintiff. Mr Ng further submitted that the winding up proceeding should not
be stayed, as the petition is bad ab initio and an abuse of process. As for
the plaintiff’s application to be substituted by the supporting creditor, Mr
Ng submitted that it should be dismissed for three reasons. First, the
defendant is appealing against the partial final arbitral award in favour of
the supporting creditor, and seeking a stay of execution of the same. Second,
the defendant has substantial cross-claims against the supporting creditor
which have not been dealt with by the arbitral tribunal. Third, the supporting
creditor and plaintiff are utilising the winding up proceedings to improperly
pressure the defendant.

5 Mr Lin submitted that the proceedings should not be dismissed as the debt is
“due and owing, and cannot be validly disputed”. He explained that the
plaintiff’s amendment of its claim in the arbitral proceedings was a result of
its hand being forced by the defendant’s application requesting the tribunal
to consider whether it had jurisdiction over the unpaid charter hire, which
led to the tribunal ruling that it had jurisdiction, and that there was a
dispute over the unpaid charter hire. Mr Lin further submitted that the
plaintiff’s amendment of its claim was done without prejudice to its position
in these proceedings. In the alternative, Mr Lin argued that the plaintiff’s
commencement of winding up proceedings was bona fide and “should not be
penalised with a dismissal … just because the subject debt was alleged to be
disputed subsequent to the filling of [winding up proceedings]”. Instead, Mr
Lin sought a stay of the winding up proceedings pending the decision of the
arbitral tribunal, in which event he also sought for the plaintiff to be
substituted by the supporting creditor (see [2]).

6 Whether a debt is disputed is a question of fact. In this case, the facts
show that the debt is disputed on substantial grounds. First, the defendant
alleges that:

there was a common understanding and course of dealing between the [parties]
that hire would not actually be paid in accordance with hire invoices and the
amounts due to each other under the [charter parties] may not always be
paid/collected in accordance with the terms of the [charter parties]. Instead,
parties would find solutions to how each situation when it came [sic].

One such solution was a “pay as you earn” scheme where the hire payment regime
under the various charters were suspended and instead the defendant would make
payments to the plaintiff as and when. Second, the defendant has counterclaims
against the plaintiff. In these circumstances, the debt cannot be said to be
undisputed.

7 I agreed with Mr Ng that the proceedings should be dismissed rather than
stayed. I could not see how the winding up proceedings can be said to have
been commenced bona fide when the plaintiff was informed, before the
commencement of the winding up proceedings, that the defendant disputed the
debt, and the basis for the defendant’s counterclaims. Arbitral proceedings
over that dispute are underway and had neither been set aside nor concluded.
The plaintiff’s conduct also supports the defendants claim that the winding up
proceedings are being used for the collateral purpose of exerting improper
pressure on the defendant. As stated earlier at [2], I had wanted to hear the
parties on the merits of the winding up proceedings immediately after granting
the abridgement application on 10 May 2018, which was just two working days
before the winding up proceedings were set to be heard, on 14 May 2018.
However, Mr Lin requested for more time to file certain authorities. The
merits of the winding up proceedings were thus heard on the date it was
originally fixed for (ie 14 May 2018), by which time the date for payment
under the supporting creditor’s statutory demand (ie 11 May 2018) had passed.
Yet, despite the fact that the time for payment under the supporting
creditor’s statutory demand would elapse just one day after the hearing of the
abridgement application (ie 10 May 2018), allowing it to make a substitution
application at the hearing on 14 May 2018, no mention of this was brought up
in the hearing of the abridgement application. Mr Lin sought to explain the
omission by saying that he did not have instructions in relation to the
substitution by the supporting creditor on 10 May 2018. I did not accept his
explanation, noting that the plaintiff and supporting creditor are related
companies, and that the circumstances were simply too convenient to have been
coincidental. The omission was suspiciously an attempt to stall for time so
that the supporting creditor could apply to substitute itself as a creditor.

8 I declined to exercise my discretion to substitute the supporting creditor
for the plaintiff. I accepted Mr Ng’s submissions and found that the debt
alleged owed to the supporting creditor is, like the debt allegedly owed to
the plaintiff, disputed – for one, there are substantial cross-claims.
Additionally, the application for substitution was, as elaborated at [7], for
illegitimate purposes.

9 For the above reasons, I made the orders in [3].

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Lin Weiwen Moses and Seet An Xiang Justin (Incisive Law LLC) for the
plaintiff;  
Daryll Ng, Lauren Tang Hui Jing and Ong Huijun Christine (Virtus Law LLP) for
the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

