Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGCA 4

Civil Appeal No 136 of 2017

Between

| Audi Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Kian Hiap Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Building and construction law] — [Dispute resolution]

[Contract] — [Waiver]

[Equity] — [Estoppel] — [Promissory estoppel]

[Statutory interpretation] — [Interpretation Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Audi Construction Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Kian Hiap Construction Pte Ltd

[2018] SGCA 4

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 136 of 2017  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Tay Yong Kwang JA and Steven Chong JA  
13 November 2017

22 January 2018

Steven Chong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 The Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B,
2006 Rev Ed) (the “Act”) was passed to establish “a fast and low cost
adjudication system to resolve payment disputes”: Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (16 November 2004) vol 78 at col 1113 (Cedric Foo
Chee Keng, Minister of State for National Development). This was in
recognition of the need to ensure that contractors and subcontractors in the
construction industry receive timely payments for work done and materials
supplied. Notwithstanding the salutary aims of the Act, disputes relating to
the Act continue to be referred to our courts for determination.

2 A number of disputes over the interpretation of the Act have reached this
court for final determination. On one level, this may suggest that the Act is
not achieving its intended purpose. Nonetheless, it would be fair to say that
the decisions of this court have helped to resolve a number of issues. This
has, in turn, facilitated the adjudication process. Thus, leading commentators
in the field have opined that this court’s decision in W Y Steel Construction
Pte Ltd v Osko Pte Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 380 (“W Y Steel”), for example, “settled
many of the interpretive issues on the operation of [s 15(3) of the Act, which
concerns the matters an adjudicator should consider] and is particularly
valuable for its extensive inquiry into the policy considerations for its
insertion in the [Act]”: Chow Kok Fong & Philip Chan Chuen Fye, “Building and
Construction Law” (2013) 14 SAL Ann Rev 113 at para 7.49.

3 This appeal concerned yet another dispute over the interpretation of the
Act. Under s 10(2)(a) of the Act, a payment claim shall be served “at such
time as specified in or determined in accordance with the terms of the
contract”. In the present case, the parties’ contract specified that payment
claims were to be served on the 20th day of each calendar month. The 20th day
of November 2016, however, fell on a Sunday. The appellant decided therefore
to serve its payment claim for that month on 18 November 2016, a Friday, but
dated it 20 November 2016. The respondent did not reply with a payment
response.

4 The payment claim thus proceeded for adjudication. There, the respondent for
the first time challenged its validity on the basis that it had not been
served “on” 20 November 2016, as the parties’ contract had required. The
adjudicator rejected this argument and issued the adjudication determination
(the “AD”) in the appellant’s favour. The respondent then applied to the High
Court to set aside the AD, and the Judge set it aside. He ruled that the Act
required the payment claim to be served on (and not by) 20 November 2016,
“neither sooner nor later”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Judgment at [9].

The appellant then appealed to us against that decision. We heard and allowed
the appeal on 13 November 2017, noting that we would explain our decision in
due course. This we do now.

5 The appeal raised a number of interesting issues which we will address here
to provide greater clarity and certainty to the adjudication process under the
Act. In particular, we will explain how the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002
Rev Ed) (the “IA”) resolves the issue of how parties can perform their
obligations when they fall due on a Sunday or a public holiday. We will also
explain whether an omission or failure to file a payment response can
constitute a waiver of a party’s right to raise an objection to the
adjudicator’s jurisdiction or on a breach of a mandatory provision, or estop
him from later exercising that right.

Facts

6 The facts of the case were straightforward and not in dispute. In October
2015, the respondent engaged the appellant as a subcontractor. Under their
contract, the appellant was to carry out structural works in the construction
of a nursing home. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Judgment at [2].

By cl 59 of their contract, the appellant was entitled to serve a payment
claim on the date for submission of progress claims as set out in Appendix 1
of the contract. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 1 at p 88.

Appendix 1 of the contract, in turn, stipulated the “[t]imes for submitting
progress claims” as the “20th day of each calendar month”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 1 at p 89.

7 The 20th day of November 2016, however, fell on a Sunday. The appellant
thought that it would not be feasible to serve a payment claim that day, not
least because the payment claim was voluminous and because the respondent’s
office was closed. Sensibly, the appellant decided to serve a payment claim
two days earlier on the Friday of that week, ie 18 November 2016, but dated
the payment claim 20 November 2016. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 1 at p 273.

The payment claim was not met with any payment response from the respondent.
In the event, the appellant applied for adjudication.

8 Before the adjudicator, the respondent challenged the validity of the
payment claim on the basis that it had not been filed on the 20th of the month
as the contract required. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Judgment at [2].

The adjudicator rejected this argument and issued the AD in favour of the
appellant in January 2017. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Judgment at [2].

In February 2017, the appellant applied for and was granted leave to enforce
the AD. In the same month, the respondent applied to the High Court to set
aside both the AD and the order granting leave to enforce. The Judge heard the
respondent’s application in April 2017 and gave judgment for the respondent in
July 2017 in Audi Construction Pte Ltd v Kian Hiap Construction Pte Ltd [2017]
SGHC 165 (the “Judgment”).

Decision below

9 The Judge identified four issues for decision: (a) whether the service of
the payment claim was invalid because it had not been served on 20 November
2016; (b) whether the payment claim was invalid because it did not state in
its header that it was a payment claim under the Act; (c) whether the
respondent had waived its right to object under issue (a); and (d) whether the
respondent had waived its right to object under issue (b). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Judgment at [3].

As the present appeal concerned only issues (a) and (c), we will focus on the
Judge’s decision on these issues.

10 The Judge thought that issue (a) essentially came down to whether, on a
true construction of cl 59 read with Appendix 1 of the parties’ contract, the
appellant was entitled to serve a payment claim only on the 20th of each month
(as the respondent argued) or was entitled to serve a payment claim by the
20th of each month (as the appellant argued). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Judgment at [6].

The Judge held that the ordinary and natural meaning of the words in Appendix
1 was that the event concerned was to take place on the specified day and not
on any other day, “neither sooner nor later”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Judgment at [9].

11 The appellant argued that the respondent would suffer no prejudice if a
payment claim were to be validly served before the 20th of the month because
that allowed the respondent more time to consider the payment claim. The Judge
rejected this argument because by s 11(1) of the Act, early service may result
in a claimant being entitled to payment on a date earlier than would have been
the case if the payment claim had been served on the date specified, given
that time for serving a payment response runs from the date a payment claim is
served. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Judgment at [9]–[11].

The Judge found arguments based on prejudice unhelpful in any event because
the parties had specified the time for submission of payment claims in their
contract, and it had to be presumed that there was a reason for this. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Judgment at [11].

The Judge was also not persuaded by the appellant’s contention that it was
impossible to serve a payment claim on a Sunday. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Judgment at [12].

So the Judge concluded that service of the payment claim had to be done on the
20th day of the month, “neither sooner nor later”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Judgment at [13].

12 On issue (c), the Judge found that the respondent had not waived its right
to object to the premature service of the payment claim. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Judgment at [33].

The Judge did not find it necessary to resolve the apparent conflict between
four decisions of the High Court cited by the respondent (ie, JFC Builders Pte
Ltd v LionCity Construction Co Pte Ltd [2013] 1 SLR 1157 (“JFC Builders”);
Admin Construction Pte Ltd v Vivaldi (S) Pte Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 609 (“Admin
Construction”); YTL Construction (S) Pte Ltd v Balanced Engineering &
Construction Pte Ltd [2014] SGHC 142 (“YTL Construction”); and LH Aluminium
Industries Pte Ltd v Newcon Builders Pte Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 648 (“LH
Aluminium”)) on the one hand, and our decision in Grouteam Pte Ltd v UES
Holdings Pte Ltd [2016] 5 SLR 1011 (“Grouteam”) on the other.

13 The Judge then considered that even if it were possible to waive an
available objection to the invalid service of a payment claim, the respondent
had not done so on the facts. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Judgment at [34].

The Judge thought that it would generally be the case that filing a payment
response without raising the objection to service would be inconsistent with
any subsequent position that the service was invalid. But the Judge also
considered that this did not necessarily extend to the situation where a
respondent elects not to file a payment response at all because it has taken
the view that the payment claim was invalid for not having been filed in
accordance with the provisions of the contract. The Judge saw no reason that a
respondent should not be entitled to take such a position and, consistently
with it, take no action until he is served with an adjudication application.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Judgment at [45].

On the facts, the Judge found that the objection was not waived since there
was no unequivocal representation that was sufficient to sustain either a
waiver by estoppel or a waiver by election. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Judgment at [46].

14 As for the remaining issues, the Judge found in favour of the appellant in
respect of issue (b) 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Judgment at [22].

and there was therefore no need to consider issue (d). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Judgment at [48].

However, the Judge observed that if there had been such a need, he would have
found that the respondent had indeed waived the objection relating to the
payment claim header. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Judgment at [49].

In the premises, the Judge set aside the AD on the ground that the payment
claim had not been served on time in contravention of the mandatory provision
in s 10(2)(a) of the Act. The payment claim was not a valid payment claim and
the adjudicator accordingly had no jurisdiction to make the award. The
appellant then brought this appeal, although its notice of appeal expressly
excluded [14]–[22] of the Judgment, which related to issue (b).

Parties’ submissions on appeal

Appellant’s submissions

15 The appellant first submitted that the applicable date to serve the payment
claim was by (and not on) 20 November 2016. To this end, it was argued that
the Judge should have taken a “purposive interpretation” of the contractual
date for service instead of an “overly formalistic” one that did not accord
with common sense and sound commercial practice. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Appellant’s submissions at para 26.

It appeared that this “purposive interpretation” entailed reading cl 59 with
Appendix 1 of the contract as providing that: (a) a payment claim was to be
served by the 20th of each month; but (b) if a payment claim was submitted
earlier than the 20th of the month, there would be no obligation on the part
of the respondent to deal with it earlier unless he chose to do so. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 30–31.

The appellant further relied on the decision of the High Court in Linkforce
Pte Ltd v Kajima Overseas Asia Pte Ltd [2017] SGHC 46 (“Linkforce”) and argued
that it supported its submissions regarding the proper contractual
interpretation. It was said that the Judge’s reasoning that early service
would prejudice the respondent by entitling the appellant to earlier payment
was flawed as this was not a case where the appellant had intended the payment
claim’s effective date of service to run from the date of physical delivery.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Appellant’s submissions at para 39.

Alternatively, it was contended that a term should be implied that a payment
claim could be physically delivered before the 20th day of each month, but
deemed to take effect only from that day. The appellant also added that there
was no uncertainty because it had made the effective date of the payment claim
clear by stating, in accordance with the contract, that 20 November 2016 was
the date of the payment claim. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Appellant’s reply at paras 4–5.

16 The appellant’s second main submission was that even if the appellant had
breached the contract by serving the payment claim prematurely, the respondent
had waived its right to object to the payment claim’s allegedly premature
service. The appellant submitted that Grouteam made it clear that a party is
taken to have waived the other party’s breach if the innocent party does not
object at the earliest possible opportunity (ie, by the deadline for serving a
payment response). Accordingly, the mischief identified in Grouteam had
occurred in the present case. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 62–63.

The appellant further highlighted that the legislative purpose of the Act was
to support downstream contractors facing financial problems due to delays in
payment, and added that the Judge’s decision created an outcome contrary to
the legislative intent of the Act. The appellant also argued that to the
extent that Grouteam departed from the general principles of waiver, such an
exceptional approach is justified by the purposes of the Act. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Appellant’s submissions at para 72.

Respondent’s submissions

17 The respondent’s first submission was that given the express contractual
provision that a payment claim was to be served on the 20th of each month, a
payment claim served prior to that would be invalid. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Respondent’s submissions at para 7.

The respondent emphasised the mandatory nature of s 10(2)(a) of the Act 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Respondent’s submissions at para 12.

and argued that the fact that 20 November 2016 was a Sunday could not be a
reason not to comply with the Act. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Respondent’s submissions at para 19.

To the respondent, it was clear from a plain reading of the contract that
parties had intended for payment claims to be served on (and not by) the 20th
day of each month and this created certainty for the parties. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Respondent’s submissions, paras 26–27.

Furthermore, the fact that the respondent’s office was closed on Sundays did
not prevent the appellant from serving the payment claim as there were other
modes of service available. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Respondent’s submissions, paras 20 and 31.

It was also said that there was no compelling reason to read into the contract
a provision that the 20th of the month should not include Sundays. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Respondent’s submissions at para 35.

18 Second, the respondent submitted that waiver did not apply. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Respondent’s submissions at para 7.

It was argued that notwithstanding Grouteam, a breach of s 10(2) of the Act
could not be waived 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Respondent’s submissions at para 39.

in the light of the decisions of the High Court in JFC Builders, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Respondent’s submissions at paras 40–42.

Australian Timber Products Pte Ltd v A Pacific Construction & Development Pte
Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 776 (“Australian Timber Products”), 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Respondent’s submissions at paras 43–44.

Admin Construction 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Respondent’s submissions at paras 45–46.

and LH Aluminium. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Respondent’s submissions at para 48.

It was said that these cases established that the effect of applying waiver in
the context of a breach of a mandatory or legislatively important provision
would be to create or confer jurisdiction that did not previously exist and
would be akin to the parties conferring jurisdiction on the adjudicator when
none existed. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Respondent’s submissions at para 50.

Waiver should be limited to situations where the irregularities did not go to
the jurisdiction of the adjudicator. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Respondent’s submissions at para 50.

In addition, the respondent also highlighted that allowing for waiver in this
context would be inconsistent with the spirit of s 36 of the Act, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Respondent’s submissions at para 52.

undermine the certainty that the Act called for, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Respondent’s submissions at para 54.

and lead to practical difficulties. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Respondent’s submissions, para 57.

In any event, the respondent did not waive its objections to the payment
claim. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Respondent’s submissions at para 7.

There was no obligation to respond because there was no payment claim made
under s 10 of the Act. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Respondent’s submissions at para 63.

Moreover, mere silence or inaction could not constitute waiver 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Respondent’s submissions at para 64.

and the appellant also did not comply with the contractual requirement to
state in the heading that the payment claim was a payment claim under the Act.
48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Respondent’s submissions at para 76.

Issues to be determined

19 In our view, there were two broad issues to be determined in this appeal:

(a) whether the payment claim was validly served; and

(b) if the payment claim was not validly served, whether the respondent had
waived its right to object to the payment claim’s invalid service or was
estopped from raising such an objection.

20 We examine each issue below.

Issue 1: Validity of service of payment claim

21 To begin, there was at the outset no doubt that s 10(2) of the Act is a
mandatory provision, breach of which would render an adjudication
determination invalid: Grouteam at [53]. This point was duly noted by the
Judge. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Judgment at [4].

Section 10(2) provides as follows:

(2) A payment claim shall be served —

(a) at such time as specified in or determined in accordance with the terms of
the contract; or

(b) where the contract does not contain such provision, at such time as may be
prescribed.

22 In the present case, s 10(2)(a) of the Act was the applicable subsection
because the parties’ contract, by cl 59 read with Appendix 1, specified the
time for the service of payment claims. Whether there was compliance with s
10(2)(a) therefore turned on whether there was compliance with those
provisions in the contract. To recapitulate, cl 59 of the contract entitled
the appellant to serve a payment claim “on” the date for submission of
progress claims as set out in Appendix 1 of the contract. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 1 at p 88.

Appendix 1 in turn, specified the “[t]imes for submitting progress claims” as
the “20th day of each calendar month”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 1 at p 89.

23 In our judgment, where the parties’ contract provides for the service of
payment claims on a stipulated date, this means service on that date and not
service by that date. In this regard, we agreed wholly with the Judge that the
words in the parties’ contract were “clear enough”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Judgment at [9].

The starting point, therefore, was that the payment claim in this case ought
to have been served on 20 November 2016.

24 The appellant submitted, on the authority of several adjudication
determinations, that we should take a “purposive interpretation” of the
contractual date for service of a payment claim. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Appellant’s submissions, paras 26–33.

We rejected the notion that a purposive interpretation would have the effect
that the appellant contended for. In so far as this submission suggested a
departure from the ordinary principles of contractual interpretation, we could
not agree with it. In any event, such an approach would introduce an
unacceptable degree of uncertainty into a regime which, as the Judge correctly
noted, places great importance on timeliness. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Judgment at [7].

Indeed, we reaffirm our earlier observation in Grouteam (at [54]) that
certainty is vital in the context of an abbreviated process of dispute
resolution such as that which is established by the Act.

25 In addition, we were unable to see how Linkforce supported the appellant’s
submission that cl 59 of the contract entitled it to serve a payment claim by
the 20th day of each month. The court in Linkforce was concerned with the
question whether the respondent, having in the past accepted payment claims
served early, had waived its right to insist on service of a payment claim on
and only on the contractually stipulated date or was estopped from so
insisting (at [22]). Obviously, there would be no necessity to speak of waiver
or estoppel unless the premature service was thought to be invalid in the
first place. And the court, having found no waiver and estoppel, set aside the
adjudication determination on the ground that the adjudicator was wrong to
have proceeded on the basis that early service of the payment claim had
validly accelerated the deadline for filing an adjudication application (at
[30]). Thus, it was implicit in the court’s reasoning that the early payment
claim was considered to have been invalidly served. Nothing in Linkforce
suggests that the court regarded the contractually-stipulated date for service
of a payment claim simply as a deadline in advance of which a payment claim
may be served, contrary to the appellant’s submission in the present case.

26 Nevertheless, we were of the view that the payment claim, having been
physically served two days before the specified day in the contract, was
validly served. This is due to the combination of two facts. First, the
plaintiff had a good reason for effecting service of the payment claim before
20 November 2016. That day was a Sunday, and there was no dispute that the
respondent’s office was closed on Sundays. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Appellant’s submissions at para 8; Respondent’s submissions at para 31;
Appellant’s reply at para 9.

Second, there could not have been any confusion as to the payment claim’s
operative date. The payment claim was correctly dated 20 November 2016, the
day on which the contract entitled the appellant to serve a payment claim. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 1 at p 273.

In our judgment, it was clear and obvious to the respondent from this manner
of dating that the appellant intended for the payment claim to be treated as
being served and, importantly, operative only on 20 November 2016.

27 During the oral hearing, we asked Mr Edwin Lee, counsel for the respondent,
what the respondent’s position would have been if the appellant in serving the
payment claim early had concurrently provided a covering letter expressly
acknowledging the contractually stipulated date to be 20 November 2016, but
stating that it was serving the payment claim on 18 November 2016 intending
for it to be operative only from 20 November 2016, and stating further that it
was doing so only because 20 November 2016 was a Sunday. Mr Lee accepted that
the respondent would have had no valid objection. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Oral recording, 3.11pm–3.12pm.

Although the appellant did not write to the respondent in those terms, it was
clear that the appellant’s act of post-dating the payment claim to 20 November
2016 had exactly the same effect and would have left absolutely no doubt in
the respondent’s mind as to when service of the payment claim was intended to
take effect. Indeed, there was no evidence of any confusion in that respect on
the respondent’s part.

28 The fact is that the appellant in serving the payment claim on 18 November
2016 but dating it 20 November 2016 simply adopted a practical and sensible
way of complying with the parties’ contract. By doing so, the appellant in our
view did comply with cl 59 read with Appendix 1 of the parties’ contract and
did correspondingly also comply with s 10(2)(a) of the Act. We emphasise,
however, that our decision in this regard was made on the basis of the
combination of the two facts set out at [26] above.

29 Therefore, if there is no good reason for serving a payment claim early, we
would not consider such service to be valid service. For instance, if the
payment claim in this case had been served on 10 November 2016 and dated 20
November 2016, this would not have constituted valid service because, short of
evidence to the contrary, there would have been no good reason for serving it
this far in advance. Our decision in this appeal therefore does not entail
that a payment claim may be served as early as a claimant wishes so long as he
dates it correctly. In its written submissions, the appellant highlighted the
respondent’s evidence to the effect that the latter’s office was open on
Saturdays. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Appellant’s submissions, para 51.

Presumably, this meant that the payment claim could have been served on 19
November 2016. The respondent also pointed out that the payment claim could
have been served on 20 November 2016 by fax, by email, or by leaving it at the
respondent’s registered office or usual place of business. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Respondent’s submissions, para 20.

However, we did not think that either of these contentions undermined the good
reason which the appellant had for physically serving the payment claim early
on 18 November 2016.

30 Similarly, if serving a payment claim early might cause confusion as to its
operative date, we would also not consider such service to be valid. For
instance, if the payment claim in this case was not only physically served on
but also dated 18 November 2016, that would likely be invalid service because,
short of a contrary indication from the appellant, the respondent would
reasonably be confused about the operative date of the payment claim.

31 We make three further observations at this juncture. First, we accepted
that s 11(1) of the Act provides that the time for providing a payment
response runs from the date a payment claim is served (as opposed to when a
payment claim is dated). It may therefore be argued that s 11(1) precludes us
from construing the payment claim as having taken effect on 20 November 2016.
This argument is only superficially attractive, for its weakness is revealed
by simply asking whether it would be possible for the appellant in this case
to insist that, although the payment claim was dated 20 November 2016, it
actually took effect on 18 November 2016. In our judgment, it was simply
impossible for such an argument to be mounted. Accordingly, we did not think
that s 11(1) precluded us from construing the payment claim as taking effect
on 20 November 2016.

32 Second, the appellant repeatedly emphasised that its earlier physical
service of the payment claim gave the respondent more time to deal with the
payment claim. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Appellant’s submissions, paras 42–43; Appellant’s reply, para 6.

With respect, we did not find this argument helpful. Whether the respondent
was given more time to deal with the payment claim shed no light on whether
there was compliance with cl 59 read with Appendix 1 of the parties’ contract,
which was the relevant issue at hand.

33 Third, in the light of what we will say below concerning how the IA may
assist parties in discerning how to perform their obligations when they fall
due on a Sunday or a public holiday for the purpose of the Act, we do not
expect a dispute similar to the present case to arise in the future.

Applicability of the IA

34 In the interest of providing guidance for future cases, we turn now to
discuss the IA. Section 50(c) read with s 50(b) of the IA provides as follows:

Computation of time

50. In computing time for the purposes of any written law, unless the contrary intention appears —

…

(b) if the last day of the period is a Sunday or a public holiday (which days
are referred to in this section as excluded days) the period shall include the
next following day not being an excluded day;

(c) when any act or proceeding is directed or allowed to be done or taken on a
certain day, then, if that day happens to be an excluded day, the act or
proceeding shall be considered as done or taken in due time if it is done or
taken on the next day afterwards, not being an excluded day;

…

35 Pursuant to s 50(c) of the IA, if an obligation under the Act is to be
performed on an “excluded day” (which is defined in s 50(b) of the IA as a
Sunday or a public holiday), that obligation may be performed the next day.
Regard should be had to this provision when parties face a similar situation
in the future. Thus, if the appellant had served the payment claim on 21
November 2016, that is, on the following Monday, we would have had no
hesitation in holding that the payment claim had been validly served. This
would be so irrespective of whether the payment claim was dated 20 or 21
November 2016. If parties in future adopt the solution in s 50(c), there
should be no need for them to be unnecessarily “creative” in their attempts to
comply with the contractually-specified date, as the appellant appears to have
been in this case through early service of a post-dated payment claim.

36 It will be observed that s 50 of the IA opens with the words “[i]n
computing time for the purposes of any written law”. Section 2 of the IA
defines “written law” to mean “the Constitution and all previous Constitutions
having application to Singapore and all Acts, Ordinances and enactments by
whatever name called and subsidiary legislation made thereunder for the time
being in force in Singapore”. There is therefore no doubt that the Act
constitutes “written law” under the IA. However, counsel for the appellant, Mr
Justin Tan, pointed out that s 10(2)(a) of the Act provides for the time of
service of a payment claim with reference to the terms of the contract. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Oral recording, 2.56pm–2.57pm.

As we understood it, his point was that the IA did not apply because the
validity of service was governed by the parties’ contract. We did not agree.
The applicability of the IA is not precluded because what is ultimately being
given effect to here is the statutory obligation under s 10(2)(a). It is that
obligation which the respondent claimed the appellant had breached. The
modality of that obligation is no doubt the parties’ contract, but that does
not make it any less a statutory obligation in substance.

37 On a related note, the respondent highlighted that the Act did not exclude
Sundays as relevant days. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Respondent’s submissions, paras 19 and 32.

In support of this, the respondent referred to s 2 of the Act, which defines
“day” to mean “any day other than a public holiday within the meaning of the
Holidays Act (Cap. 126)”. With respect, we failed to see how this assisted the
respondent’s case in any way because the word “day” does not even feature in s
10(2)(a) of the Act.

38 Finally, the applicability of the IA also provided our reason for rejecting
the appellant’s argument that a term should be implied that a payment claim
could be physically delivered before the deadline, but deemed to take effect
only from the deadline. In Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and
another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193, we held at [101] that the
question whether a term should be implied is to be approached in three steps:

(a) The first step is to ascertain how the gap in the contract arises.
Implication will be considered only if the court discerns that the gap arose
because the parties did not contemplate the gap.

(b) At the second step, the court considers whether it is necessary in the
business or commercial sense to imply a term in order to give the contract
efficacy.

(c) Finally, the court considers the specific term to be implied. This must be
one which the parties, having regard to the need for business efficacy, would
have responded “Oh, of course!” had the proposed term been put to them at time
of the contract. If it is not possible to find such a clear response, then,
the gap persists and the consequences of that gap ensue.

39 The appellant’s implied term argument faced problems at every step. At the
first step, s 50(c) of the IA meant that there was no gap in the parties’
contract. At the second step, s 50(c) of the IA meant that it would not be
necessary in the business or commercial sense to imply a term in order to give
the contract efficacy. At the third step, even if a term were to be implied,
such a term would likely be in the terms of s 50(c) of the IA, and not in the
terms suggested by Mr Tan, and would therefore not have assisted the
appellant. When we pointed out some of these difficulties to Mr Tan at the
hearing, he rightly conceded that an implied term analysis “would not be so
appropriate”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Oral recording, 3.04pm.

Conclusion on the first issue

40 To conclude, we found that there was compliance with cl 59 read with
Appendix 1 of the contract and therefore compliance with s 10(2)(a) of the
Act. In respect of the first issue, therefore, we found that the payment claim
was validly served. On this basis, we allowed the appeal.

Issue 2: Waiver and estoppel

41 The second issue was whether, if the payment claim had not been validly
served, the respondent had waived its right to object to the payment claim’s
invalid service or was estopped from raising such an objection. In the light
of our decision on the first issue, the second issue did not strictly arise
for our consideration. Nevertheless, we proceed to set out our views on this
issue given the existence of conflicting authorities on it and given the
benefit we have had of the parties’ full submissions on it.

42 As we have noted, we decided in Grouteam (at [53]) that s 10(2) of the Act
is a mandatory provision, breach of which would render an adjudication
determination invalid. Specifically, such a breach would invalidate the
substantive basis of an adjudicator’s jurisdiction (as opposed to the
jurisdiction he has by virtue of being properly appointed): Grouteam at [49].
If, therefore, the payment claim in this case was served in breach of s
10(2)(a) of the Act, then that breach would have gone towards the substantive
jurisdiction of the adjudicator. Nevertheless, the appellant submitted that
the respondent had waived its right to object to that breach by failing to
file a payment response.

43 This submission raises the question whether a party may in fact waive his
right to object to a breach which goes towards the substantive jurisdiction of
the adjudicator. In Grouteam, we answered this question in the affirmative (at
[63]). We also considered there to be no objection as a matter of principle to
adjudicators considering and then ruling on whether they have jurisdiction or
on whether breaches of mandatory provisions have occurred (at [67]). In so
doing, we consciously departed from the obiter remarks to the opposite effect
which we had made in Lee Wee Lick Terence (alias Li Weili Terence) v Chua Say
Eng (formerly trading as Weng Fatt Construction Engineering) and another
appeal) [2013] 1 SLR 401 (“Chua Say Eng”) (at [36] and [64]). Finally, we also
considered in Grouteam (at [64]) that a party should be regarded as having
waived an available right to object to an adjudicator’s lack of jurisdiction
or on a breach of a mandatory provision if he fails to raise that objection at
the earliest possible opportunity. Nevertheless, our views in Grouteam were
expressed as being preliminary because the issue of waiver was not directly
engaged in that case (at [61]).

44 This appeal therefore presented us with an opportunity to elaborate on
those preliminary views, which we shall do here in two parts. First, we will
consider whether an adjudicator has the power to decide matters which go
towards his jurisdiction. On this issue, Chua Say Eng (as we have mentioned)
and a number of subsequent High Court decisions (which the respondent in this
case cited (see [12] above)) are inconsistent with Grouteam, and we will in
these grounds address those cases. The issue is an important one because if an
adjudicator has no power to decide matters which go towards his jurisdiction,
then it may not be sensible to speak of raising before him an objection
concerning his jurisdiction. Second, we will examine in greater detail the
question when a party may be said to have forgone his right to raise a
jurisdictional objection, whether by having waived that right or by being
estopped from exercising it.

Does an adjudicator have the power to decide matters which go towards his
jurisdiction?

45 In brief, we affirm the view expressed in Grouteam (at [67]) that an
adjudicator has the power to decide matters which go towards his jurisdiction.
Fundamentally, it is the Act which governs the scope of matters which he is
entitled to decide, and nothing in the Act takes jurisdictional matters out of
that scope. In fact, s 17(3)(c) of the Act expressly gives him the power, in
determining an adjudication application, to consider the payment claim which
initiated the process leading to the adjudication. Having regard to the
purpose of the Act, which is to facilitate the speedy and efficient resolution
of disputes in the building and construction industry, s 17(3)(c) must be read
as conferring on an adjudicator the power to decide, among other things,
whether a payment claim has been validly served. We now elaborate on this
view. As it will be seen, it is useful to begin with a consideration of the
contrary position taken in Chua Say Eng.

46 In Chua Say Eng, this court had to decide whether a payment claim was
invalid and whether it had been served out of time. The court held that the
payment claim was neither and, therefore, the adjudication determination which
proceeded from it had to stand. Significant to the present case is the court’s
opinion (at [64]) that an adjudicator’s “only functions” are: (a) to decide
whether the adjudication application in question is made in accordance with s
13(3)(a), (b) and (c) of the Act (see s 16(2)(a) of the Act); and (b) to
determine the adjudication application (see s 17(2) of the Act). Thus, it was
held that the adjudicator in that case “need not and should not have decided”
whether the payment claim in that case had been validly served and whether it
had been served out of time. The court appears to have had two reasons for
taking this view, although this is unfortunately not entirely clear from the
court’s judgment. First, the court might be read as having relied on Chase
Oyster Bar v Hamo Industries [2010] NSWCA 190 (“Chase Oyster”), a decision of
the New South Wales Court of Appeal, to support the view that an adjudicator
cannot deal with jurisdictional challenges: see Chua Say Eng at [54]–[55]. We
address Chase Oyster first. The second appears to be an argument from policy,
which we address below at [50].

47 In Chase Oyster, one of the issues was whether the notice of an intention
to file an adjudication application had been served out of time contrary to s
17(2)(a) of the New South Wales Building and Construction Industry Security of
Payment Act 1999 (Act 46 of 1999) (the “1999 NSW Act”). The court held that it
had indeed been served out of time contrary to that provision, and that the
adjudicator had erred in concluding the opposite. That error was a
jurisdictional error because compliance with s 17(2)(a), a legislatively
important provision within the scheme of the 1999 NSW Act, was to be regarded
as a jurisdictional fact: Chase Oyster at [222] per McDougall J. The court
also held that the adjudicator did not in fact have the power to decide
whether s 17(2)(a) had been complied with. Significantly, this was not because
compliance with s 17(2)(a) was a jurisdictional fact, contrary to what appears
to be suggested in Chua Say Eng at [54]–[55] where Chase Oyster is quoted.
Rather, it was simply because compliance with s 17(2)(a) was not a matter that
the 1999 NSW Act, by s 22(2), allowed the adjudicator to decide: Chase Oyster
at [36] per Spigelman CJ, [98]–[101] per Basten JA, and [183] per McDougall J.

48 Specifically, s 22(2) of the 1999 NSW Act is the provision which defines
the scope of matters an adjudicator under the New South Wales regime is
entitled to decide, and it does not include adjudication applications within
that scope. By contrast, its counterpart in Singapore, s 17(3) of the Act,
provides by sub-section (c) that not only is the adjudication application
within the adjudicator’s power to consider, so too is the “the payment claim
to which the application relates”. Therefore, the reasoning in Chase Oyster on
s 22(2) of the 1999 NSW Act, which we accept, actually implies that an
adjudicator under our Act is competent to decide whether a payment claim is
valid or has been validly served. This must be correct in principle because
the proper remit of an adjudicator’s task is governed by statute and, if so,
there can be no a priori exclusion of an adjudicator’s power to rule on
challenges to his jurisdiction or on the breach of mandatory provisions. We
now reproduce s 17(3)(c) of the Act:

(3) Subject to subsection (4), in determining an adjudication application, an
adjudicator shall only have regard to the following matters:

…

(c) the payment claim to which the adjudication application relates, the
adjudication application, and the accompanying documents thereto …

49 In our judgment, this provision is a clear indication that an adjudicator
may consider the validity as well as validity of service of a payment claim.
This view of s 17(3)(c) is consistent with, and indeed advances, the
legislative purpose of the Act, which is to facilitate cash flow in the
building and construction industry through, among other things, the speedy and
efficient resolution of payment disputes. That purpose entails that objections
to jurisdiction and on breaches of mandatory provisions should be raised
expeditiously. It is therefore sensible for adjudicators to be able to
consider and rule on such objections. In any event, their determination of
such issues remains open to review by the court, which alone has the power to
decide them finally and conclusively. This was the reasoning we adopted in
Grouteam (at [64] and [67]), and which we now affirm with greater specificity
by reference to s 17(3)(c).

50 We turn now to the second reason this court in Chua Say Eng appears to have
had for taking the view that an adjudicator cannot deal with jurisdictional
challenges. The reason is essentially that regardless of the adjudicator’s
decision on the jurisdictional challenge in question, either party may end up
referring the issue to court for determination. Therefore, he should leave the
issue to the court (Chua Say Eng at [36]). We note that the immediate context
in which this was said concerned the jurisdiction an adjudicator has by virtue
of being properly appointed, but it would seem that the reasoning applies
equally in the context of an adjudicator’s substantive jurisdiction. In any
event, we respectfully depart from this reasoning. If the concern is that
parties will end up in court anyway, it is surely important to ensure that
they do not do so unnecessarily. Allowing the adjudicator to decide matters on
his jurisdiction achieves that aim because it compels parties to ventilate
their jurisdictional disputes at an early stage, which will give them an
opportunity to resolve those issues and hopefully avoid the need to come to
court. Thus, in the present case, if the respondent’s objection had been
raised in a payment response, the appellant could have either: (a) written to
confirm that the payment claim was to be treated as served on 20 November
2016, as indicated by the date marked on the payment claim; or (b) served a
fresh payment claim on either 20 November 2016 or even 20 December 2016, which
would have been permitted: Grouteam at [58] and [68]. If the appellant had
done either of these things, the respondent could not reasonably have objected
later to the early physical service of the payment claim. The undesirable
outcome of allowing the respondent to raise such an objection only at the
adjudication speaks for itself. We note, parenthetically, that even if the
adjudicator was not entitled to decide matters on his jurisdiction, this would
nonetheless have been a compelling reason for the respondent to have raised
its objection in a payment response.

51 Accordingly, we consider that the High Court decisions which have been
cited by the respondent should no longer be followed in so far as their
reasoning is premised on an adjudicator’s inability to rule on challenges to
his jurisdiction. These decisions include: (a) JFC Builders, which (at [40])
followed Chua Say Eng in considering that an adjudicator’s role did not extend
to reviewing the validity of a payment claim; (b) Australian Timber Products,
where the court reasoned (at [36]) that no estoppel could arise from a
respondent’s failure to object to the validity of a payment claim under s
10(3) of the Act before the adjudicator because the adjudicator was not
entitled to decide that objection; (c) Admin Construction, where the court (at
[58]–[60]) approved the reasoning adopted in JFC Builders and Australian
Timber Products on the estoppel issue; (d) YTL Construction, where the court
(at [31]–[32]) approved the reasoning adopted in Admin Construction on the
same issue; and (e) LH Aluminium, where the court (at [30]–[34]) approved the
reasoning adopted in JFC Builders, Australian Timber Products and Admin
Construction on the same issue.

52 We have thus far considered an adjudicator’s right to rule on challenges to
his substantive jurisdiction, specifically, on challenges to a payment claim’s
validity and validity of service. But what about challenges to his
jurisdiction based on his appointment? This issue did not strictly arise in
the present case because the respondent did not at any point seek to raise
such a challenge. Nevertheless, it is our view that an adjudicator would also
be entitled to rule on such a challenge. It is significant that nothing in the
Act expressly precludes him from doing so. In fact, returning to s 17(3) of
the Act, it will be observed that s 17(3)(h) provides that an adjudicator must
consider “any other matter that the adjudicator reasonably considers to be
relevant to the adjudication”. Again, reading this provision purposively, we
find it eminently sensible, for the reasons stated at [49]–[50] above, to say
that the provision is sufficiently wide to empower adjudicators to rule on
such challenges. In fact, as we observed in Grouteam (at [67]), they routinely
do. Of overriding importance to the scheme of the Act is the expeditious
resolution of payment disputes, and there is no reason to allow respondents to
withhold jurisdictional objections of any nature only to spring them on the
claimant in court. In our judgment, the Act advances this policy by
contemplating that an adjudicator may rule on challenges both to his
substantive jurisdiction and to his jurisdiction by virtue of his appointment.

When may a respondent be taken to have forgone his right to raise a
jurisdictional objection?

53 We turn to the issue of waiver and estoppel. It is appropriate to begin the
discussion here with the general principles, which will set the context for
the proper analysis of what is needed to demonstrate that a respondent has
waived an available objection to the adjudicator’s jurisdiction or on a breach
of a mandatory provision, or is estopped from raising such an objection. Also,
to rationalise our preliminary observation in Grouteam (at [64]) that a
failure to raise an objection at the earliest possible opportunity may amount
to a waiver of the right to raise it later, we will examine the principles on
when mere silence may found a waiver or an estoppel. To this analysis we now
turn.

General principles on waiver and estoppel

54 As Lord Goff of Chieveley observed in Motor Oil Hellas (Corinth) Refineries
SA v Shipping Corporation of India (The “Kanchenjunga”) [1990] 1 Lloyd’s Rep
391 (“The Kanchenjunga”) at 397 col 2, “the expression ‘waiver’ is one which
may, in law, bear different meanings” and “[i]n particular, it may refer to a
forbearance from exercising a right or to an abandonment of a right”. In the
true sense of the word, however, waiver means a voluntary or intentional
relinquishment of a known right, claim or privilege: Sean Wilken QC and Karim
Ghaly, Wilken and Ghaly: The Law of Waiver, Variation, and Estoppel (Oxford
University Press, 3rd Ed, 2012) (“Wilken and Ghaly”) at para 3.14. On this
definition, the only form of waiver that befits that label is waiver by
election. This doctrine concerns a situation where a party has a choice
between two inconsistent rights. If he elects not to exercise one of those
rights, he will be held to have abandoned that right if he has communicated
his election in clear and unequivocal terms to the other party. He must also
be aware of the facts which have given rise to the existence of the right he
is said to have elected not to exercise. Once the election is made, it is
final and binding, and the party is treated as having waived that right by his
election: see The Kanchenjunga at 397–398, which was approved by this court in
Chai Cher Watt (trading as Chuang Aik Engineering Works) v SDL Technologies
Pte Ltd and another appeal [2012] 1 SLR 152 at [33].

55 On waiver by election, it has been argued that “the so-called right of
election is not a right in the strict sense with a corresponding duty in
another, but a power”: K R Handley, Estoppel by Conduct and Election (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2016) at para 14-002. The learned author explains:

Alternative and inconsistent rights typically exist when a transaction is
voidable or events occur which give rise to a right, strictly a power, in one
party to terminate a valid transaction or reject a non-contractual tender of
performance. … In each situation new information comes to the attention of the
putative elector. … The putative elector must decide what he will do in the
light of the new information. …

It will be seen that the so-called right of election is not a right in the
strict sense with a corresponding duty in another, but a power. An elector has
the power to change the legal rights and duties of another vis-à-vis himself
or a third person with a corresponding liability of the first to submit to the
change. An election does not involve a choice between two sets of rights which
presently co-exist but between an existing set of rights and a new set which
does not yet exist. The power is to terminate one and create the other, and
the default position is that the existing rights remain in force. …

56 We consider this explanation of waiver by election to be persuasive and to
be a useful analytical tool, and we will later adopt its terms at [63] below
when we analyse the nature of the argument that a respondent has waived an
available objection to the adjudicator’s jurisdiction or on a breach of a
mandatory provision.

57 Waiver by election is often distinguished from what is sometimes called
waiver by estoppel: see, for example, Kammins Ballrooms Co Ltd v Zenith
Investments (Torquay) Ltd [1971] AC 850 at 882H–883C per Lord Diplock. This
refers to the doctrine of equitable (or promissory) estoppel. It requires an
unequivocal representation by one party that he will not insist upon his legal
rights against the other party, and such reliance by the representee as will
render it inequitable for the representor to go back upon his representation:
The Kanchenjunga at 399 col 2. It is important to note that the requisite
representation is different as between waiver by election and equitable
estoppel. A party making an election is communicating his choice whether or
not to exercise a right which has become available to him. By contrast, a
party to an equitable estoppel is representing that he will in future forbear
to enforce his legal rights. And as the Judge observed, this doctrine is
premised on inequity, not choice, hence the requirement of reliance. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Judgment at [35].

Strictly speaking, therefore, it is not a form of waiver. Indeed, several
leading treatises eschew that terminology, preferring instead to call it the
doctrine of equitable forbearance: Edwin Peel, Treitel: The Law of Contract
(Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2015) at para 3-069; Chitty on Contracts vol 1 (H G
Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 32nd Ed, 2015) at para 4-086; Wilken and Ghaly
at para 3.13.

58 Next, it is well established that mere silence or inaction will not
normally amount to an unequivocal representation: Fook Gee Finance Co Ltd v
Liu Cho Chit and another appeal [1998] 1 SLR(R) 385 (“Fook Gee Finance”) at
[36]. However, as we also observed in Fook Gee Finance (at [37]), “in certain
circumstances, particularly where there is a duty to speak, mere silence may
amount to [such] a representation”. Lord Wilberforce put the matter in similar
terms in Moorgate Mercantile Co Ltd v Twitchings [1977] AC 890 (at 903B, in a
dissenting speech that is nevertheless authoritative on this point):

… In order that silence or inaction may acquire a positive content it is
usually said that there must be a duty to speak or to act in a particular way,
owed to the person prejudiced, or to the public or to a class of the public of
which he in the event turns out to be one. …

59 The cases which examine and apply this principle are generally cases
concerning equitable estoppel, but there is no reason why it should not also
apply to waiver by election in the appropriate circumstances, since both
doctrines require an unequivocal representation.

60 To rationalise the circumstances in which a duty to speak arises, it is
important first to appreciate the variety of contexts in which such a duty may
arise. This is illustrated by the following cases, some of which were referred
to by the Judge:

(a) In Greenwood (Pauper) v Martins Bank, Limited [1933] AC 51 (“Greenwood”),
the plaintiff husband deliberately chose not to inform the defendant bank that
his wife had been forging cheques which were being drawn on his sole account.
After his wife died, he sued the bank to recover the sums paid out on those
cheques. The House of Lords held that he was estopped from claiming against
the bank. On the requirement of representation, Lord Tomlin held (at 57–58)
that the plaintiff had a duty to disclose the forgeries to the bank, and that
his deliberate failure to do so produced the very effect which it in fact was
intended to produce, namely, leaving the bank in ignorance of the true facts
so that no action might be taken by them against his wife.

(b) In Tradax Export SA v Dorada Compania Naviera SA (The “Lutetian”) [1982] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 140 (“The Lutetian”), the vessel had been off-hire for repairs.
When the charterers in good faith paid the wrong amount, the owners withdrew
the vessel without warning. The issue arising from the charterers’ action was
whether the owners were entitled to withdraw the vessel on account of the
charterers’ failure to pay the full sum of hire due under the charter at the
correct time. Bingham J held (at 158 col 1) that there was a duty not to
conduct oneself in such a way as to mislead. The owners in that case knew that
the charterers believed they had paid the right amount and, therefore, had a
duty acting honestly and responsibly to raise the question with the
charterers, and their omission to do so led the charterers to think that no
objection would be taken to the calculation. They were thereby estopped by
their silence.

(c) In Tacplas Property Services Pte Ltd v Lee Peter Michael (administrator of
the estate of Lee Ching Miow, deceased) [2000] 1 SLR(R) 159 (“Tacplas”), the
respondent was appointed administrator of an estate. He allowed the appellants
to continue incurring costs on the faith of the validity of an agreement
between the estate and the appellants to cover costs. The respondent intended
to challenge the validity of that agreement, but he did not. This court held
(at [66]) that he was under a duty to inform the appellants that he did not
intend to ratify the agreement, taking into account the fact that he was at
all material times represented by solicitors. His failure to take any step to
that effect, after he was appointed as the estate’s administrator, was
therefore “a clear representation that everything was in order”. He was
estopped from asserting that the agreement did not bind the estate.

(d) In T2 Networks Pte Ltd v Nasioncom Sdn Bhd [2008] 2 SLR(R) 1 (“T2
Networks”), the plaintiff did not bill a certain number of minutes it was
entitled to for providing international communications services. This inaction
was found to constitute a waiver since the relevant clause in its contract
with the defendant specifically required the plaintiff to bill for those
services every month. The plaintiff had also chased the defendant for other
unpaid bills during this period but never mentioned the missing amounts. The
court therefore held (at [69]–[71]) that the plaintiff had waived its right to
claim those amounts, although the court did not analyse the principles of
waiver (or estoppel) on which it had relied.

(e) In ING Bank NV v Ros Roca SA [2012] 1 WLR 472 (“ING Bank”), the claimant
bank was engaged to assist the defendant in its search for an investor who
would subscribe for additional capital for its business. The terms of its
engagement, as construed by the court, entitled the bank to a very large
success fee calculated on a particular basis. But the parties had earlier
exchanged estimates of the transaction costs which presupposed a much lower
fee and which had been calculated on a different basis. The English Court of
Appeal held that the bank was estopped from claiming the larger fee. Carnwath
LJ observed (at [71]) that the bank and the defendant were engaged in a joint
project in which each was entitled to assume that the other would act
consistently, and would not knowingly conceal information of significance to
the project or their relationship in it. The bank had a duty, acting honestly
and responsibly, to do more than simply acquiesce in the defendant’s continued
use of a calculation which it believed, or had reason to believe, was wrong.

61 In our judgment, these cases illustrate the proposition that whether there
is a duty to speak is a question which must be decided having regard to the
facts of the case at hand and the legal context in which the case arises. The
importance of context, especially the legal context, must be emphasised, for
it is apparent that the court in finding a duty to speak in each of the cases
mentioned above had regard to factors such as a customer’s relation to a bank
(Greenwood), a vessel owner’s relationship to his charterer (The Lutetian),
the responsibility of an estate’s administrator (Tacplas), the specific
contractual obligations between the parties (T2 Networks) and the parties’
being engaged in a joint project (ING Bank). The expression “duty to speak”
does not refer to a legal duty as such, but to circumstances in which a
failure to speak would lead a reasonable party to think that the other party
has elected between two inconsistent rights or will forbear to enforce a
particular right in the future, as the case may be. We emphasise that this is
not the subjective assessment of the other party but an objective assessment
made by reference to how a reasonable person apprised of the relevant facts
would view the silence in the circumstances, though unsurprisingly, the
parties’ relationship and the applicable law which governs it will be a
critical focus of the court’s assessment of whether those circumstances exist.

Waiver and estoppel in the context of adjudication under the Act

62 On the footing of the above principles, we turn now to consider the nature
of the argument that a respondent has waived an available objection to an
adjudicator’s jurisdiction or on a breach of a mandatory provision. In our
judgment, this argument may in principle be analysed under both waiver by
election and equitable estoppel. In the context of an adjudication under the
Act, a claimant and respondent are parties to a contract, on which the regime
of the Act is superimposed. The contract and the Act define the rights the
parties have in relation to each other. In our view, these are rights which
are in principle capable of being elected and whose exercise is capable of
being forborne.

63 We illustrate this using the example of an invalid payment claim, although
this analysis would apply to a case involving an invalidly-served payment
claim as well. When a claimant serves a payment claim, a respondent is
entitled to raise an objection to that claim through a payment response. If
the respondent communicates his election not to raise an objection to the
payment claim’s validity, he may in principle be said to have waived his right
to make that objection before the adjudicator. In this respect, Handley’s
analysis of waiver by election (see [55] above) elucidates the waiver’s
precise mechanism. The respondent, upon realising that the payment claim is
invalid, acquires the power to change his rights in relation to the claimant
by objecting to the validity of the payment claim. If the respondent exercises
that power by raising that objection in a payment response, he establishes for
himself the right to raise that objection before a tribunal or a court as a
ground for not having to make payment to the claimant. If, however, the
respondent elects not to exercise that power by failing to file a payment
response containing the objection, then he will not have any right to rely on
that objection before a tribunal or court; indeed, he will have lost the
opportunity to establish that right by the time the payment response should
have been filed, and will therefore have to be content with the default
obligation to pay under the payment claim in so far as no other form of
objection has been raised.

64 The respondent may also communicate his intention to forbear to exercise
his right to object to the payment claim’s validity. The claimant, in turn,
may in reliance on that communication omit to re-file a payment claim which
rectifies the filed payment claim’s defect, if any. If the respondent later
attempts to impugn the validity of the filed payment claim, the claimant may
by then, to his detriment, have missed the opportunity to re-file a rectified
payment claim. Indeed, the claimant may have decided not to re-file because
the respondent had acted consistently with the position that the payment claim
was valid. In such a case, the respondent may in principle be estopped from
raising that objection. The foregoing example makes sense of the usual facts
involved following a failure to file a payment response.

65 The question then arises as to whether a respondent’s failure to object to
an adjudicator’s jurisdiction or on a breach of a mandatory provision may be
regarded as an unequivocal representation for the purpose of waiver by
election and equitable estoppel. This in turn raises the issue whether he has
a duty to speak – that is, to speak by raising such an objection – and, if so,
by when that duty should be discharged, failing which he may be regarded as
having waived his right to make that objection or as being estopped from doing
so.

66 Both questions, in our judgment, may be answered by reference to the legal
context of the issue, in particular, to s 15(3)(a) of the Act. By that
provision, the Act restricts the issues which can be raised before an
adjudicator to the issues stated in the payment response provided by the
respondent to the claimant. It follows that if a respondent wants to raise a
jurisdictional objection before the adjudicator, he must include that
objection in the payment response. Reading s 15(3)(a) as requiring a
respondent to raise any jurisdictional objection it has in its payment
response is, again, entirely in line with the purpose of the Act, which need
not be repeated (see [1], [49] and [52] above). Section 15(3)(a) and the
general regime of expeditious dispute resolution being the relevant legal
context of this case, we have no hesitation in holding that a respondent has a
duty to raise jurisdictional objections in his payment response.

67 In this connection, we note that in Grouteam, we considered (at [64]) that
a respondent should raise such objections at the “earliest possible
opportunity”. While this would be ideal, we acknowledge that silence at
literally the earliest possible opportunity (eg, the day on which the payment
claim is received) may not be sufficiently unequivocal for the purpose of
waiver by election or equitable estoppel. Accordingly, we are of the view that
a failure to object would amount to an unequivocal representation of a
decision to forgo one’s right to raise that objection only when such a failure
subsists at the time a claimant would reasonably expect the respondent to air
his objection. For the reasons stated at [66] above, that time is the time by
which the respondent is to file his payment response. This is consistent with
our view in Grouteam at [68] that:

… the appropriate time for the respondent to raise such an objection [ie, an
objection to the time of service of a payment claim] would generally be the
time at which it receives that payment claim or, at the latest, by the
deadline for it to submit its payment response. …

[emphasis added]

68 One of the respondent’s arguments which went towards the premise of the
duty to speak which we have identified was that there is no legal obligation
to issue a payment response in response to an invalid payment claim. This is
because, the respondent said, such payment claim is not a “payment claim” as
defined by s 2 of the Act and therefore cannot give rise to the obligation
under s 11 to file a payment response upon receipt of a payment claim. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Respondent’s submissions at para 63.

We rejected this argument for three reasons. First, s 2 does not define a
payment claim as one which complies with s 10. Instead, it defines a payment
claim as one which is “made … under section 10”. On the natural meaning of
these words, it seemed to us that a payment claim which fails to comply with s
10 is not same as one that is not “made” under s 10. Second, for the reasons
given at [69] below, such a technical reading of s 2 would not comport with
the purpose of the Act, which would be better served by obliging the
respondent to raise any objection to a payment claim it may have,
jurisdictional or otherwise, so that the claimant has the opportunity to
rectify it if he so chooses. Third, a respondent who receives a payment claim
may not in fact be able to tell, though it must take a position without being
able to determine conclusively, whether it is valid or has been validly
served. He may wrongly conclude that it is invalid or invalidly served, like
the respondent in this case did, in which event he would, on the respondent’s
construction of s 2, have to serve a payment response. Ex hypothesi, if he is
right, then of course he would be justified in not serving a payment response.
But therein lies the arbitrariness: it is not sensible for the obligation to
serve a payment response to depend on such uncertainties. For these reasons,
we rejected the respondent’s contention that an invalid payment claim does not
give rise to an obligation to serve a payment response. Accordingly, s
15(3)(a) and the scheme of the Act together remain a legitimate basis for the
duty to speak we have identified.

69 Next, the respondent argued that this position would place an undue burden
on respondents in general to dignify the claimant with a response to payment
claims which they believe to be clearly invalid. We did not agree with this
argument for two reasons. First, if the respondent knows he will have to raise
a jurisdictional objection when the payment claim goes to adjudication anyway,
he cannot be said to be unduly burdened now to have to raise that objection to
the claimant’s attention. More importantly, if he raises it now, the claimant
would have the opportunity to rectify the invalidity by sending a new payment
claim, which would potentially save both parties the trouble of going before
an adjudicator or before a court subsequently. Second, as the appellant
contended, the position otherwise would be that a respondent who is not
diligent and does not provide a payment response will be able to obtain a
better outcome by setting aside the entire adjudication determination on
purely technical grounds, as opposed to one who takes the trouble to provide a
payment response. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Appellant’s submissions at para 70.

This would not only be anomalous but would also offend the very purpose of s
15(3) of the Act. As we observed in W Y Steel at [33]:

… In our judgment, s 15(3) is jurisdictional in the sense that it curtails the
power of an adjudicator to allow a respondent to raise new grounds for
withholding payment that were not included in his payment response and, for
that matter, an adjudicator’s power even to consider such grounds at all. This
is literally what the provision provides and we should, in our view, give
proper effect to it. In view of the scheme of the Act, it is clear that W Y
Steel’s argument – viz, that s 15(3) applies to exclude consideration of
matters not contained in a payment response only where a payment response,
albeit an incomplete one, has been filed and not otherwise – cannot be right.
This reading would, as the Assistant Registrar in Chip Hup Hup Kee (AR) ([27]
supra) astutely pointed out, perversely favour a respondent who did not file a
payment response at all over one who did and, thus, would incentivise conduct
that defeats the very purpose of the Act.

70 The respondent argued that requiring a payment response for payment claims
which are believed to be invalid or invalidly served would be unduly onerous
also because the respondent in the payment response would have to record not
only his jurisdictional objection but also any objection on the merits it may
have, to secure his position in the event that his jurisdictional objection is
found to be invalid. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Oral recording at 3.51pm–3.54pm.

We did not accept this argument either. If a respondent wishes to take an all-
or-nothing approach by objecting only on jurisdictional grounds in his payment
response, then that is his choice. The scheme of the Act and s 15(3)(a),
however, imposes on him a duty to speak by way of fully spelling out his
reasons for withholding payment so that the claimant is not caught by surprise
at the adjudication (see [66] above). If the respondent fails to discharge
that duty to speak, or misjudges the payment claim by placing all his eggs in
the single basket of jurisdictional challenge, then he can only have himself
to blame if his jurisdictional objection proves to be misplaced. And if he has
a genuine objection on the items of payment in the payment claim, he would
have had to raise those objections anyway had the payment claim been valid and
validly served.

Application to the facts and conclusion on the second issue

71 In the present case, the respondent failed to file a payment response.
Applying the principles above, this constituted an unequivocal representation
that he would not raise any objection to the payment claim, whether as to
jurisdiction or as to the merits. The appellant relied on that representation
by omitting to re-file a payment claim. When the matter came before the
adjudicator, the respondent objected to the validity of the service of the
payment claim. In our judgment, it was by that time estopped from raising that
objection, just as it was estopped from raising it in the High Court and
before us. In respect of the second issue, therefore, if the payment claim was
not validly served, we would have found that the respondent was estopped from
raising an objection to the payment claim’s invalid service. However, as we
have already noted at [41] above, this was not the case because the payment
claim was, in fact, validly served.

Conclusion

72 In light of the above, we allowed the appeal. At the conclusion of the
hearing, Mr Tan asked for $20,000 in costs plus $3,475 in disbursements. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Oral recording, 4.27pm–4.28pm.

Although Mr Lee did not object to this, 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Oral recording, 4.28pm.

we fixed costs at $20,000 inclusive of disbursements. As we explained to Mr
Tan, directions were given for only the essential documents to be filed.
Instead, the appellant ended up filing a total of six agreed bundles of
documents, to which minimal reference was made during the hearing and in the
parties’ submissions, without applying any thought as to whether the documents
were essential for the purposes of the appeal. In Grouteam, we emphasised (at
[69]) that parties should try as far as possible to give effect to the speedy
and efficient system of dispute resolution established by the Act. Given also
that the facts of this appeal were not in dispute and fairly uncomplicated, we
did not find the voluminous documents before us helpful.

Sundaresh Menon Tay Yong Kwang Steven Chong  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Tan Jia Wei, Justin (Trident Law Corporation) for the appellant;  
Lee Peng Khoon Edwin, Poonaam Bai d/o Ramakrishnan Gnanasekaran, Amanda Koh
Jia Yi and Chow Jia Yao (Eldan Law LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

