Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 49

HC/OS No 871 of 2017 (HC/SUM No 5053 of 2017)

In the matter of an application by the Attorney-General for an order of
committal for contempt of court

And

In the matter of Section 7(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
2007 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of Order 52 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of the Affidavits filed by Ong Wui Teck (NRIC No S0078418D) in
HC/OS 165 of 2016

The Attorney-General (No ID. No Exists) … Applicant

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Stay of Proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re the Attorney-General

[2018] SGHC 49

High Court — Originating Summons No 871 of 2017 (Summons No 5053 of 2017)  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
13 February 2018

5 March 2018

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 Summons No 5053 of 2017 (“SUM 5053”) was taken out by Ong Wui Teck (“Mr
Ong”) to obtain a stay of the hearing of the committal application (namely,
Summons No 3979 of 2017 (“SUM 3979”) filed in OS 871 of 2017 (“OS 871”)) until
the conclusion of OS 763 of 2014 (“OS 763/2014”) and the disposal of CA 178 of
2017 (“CA 178”). Although Mr Ong’s application made reference to “related
appeals”, he had only filed CA 178. SUM 3979 (“the committal proceedings”) is
listed for hearing on 13 March 2018.

2 On 13 February 2018, I dismissed with costs of Mr Ong’s application in SUM
5053 − there were insufficient reasons to persuade this court to order a stay
or an adjournment sought by Mr Ong. Costs of the application was fixed at
$5,500 with $586 as disbursements.

3 I propose to recount below the relevant facts of this case and explain my
decision with reference to what I considered to be the main reasons advanced
in support of the stay application.

The law

4 I start with the law, which is not controversial.

5 State Counsel for the Attorney-General, Mr Khoo Boo Jin (“Mr Khoo”),
accepted that the court has case management discretion to adjourn or stay the
hearing of the committal proceedings, citing Chan Chin Cheung v Chan Fatt
Cheung and ors [2010] 1 SLR 1192 at [15] in support. He then drew my attention
to BNP Paribas Wealth Management v Jacob Agam and anor [2016] SGHC(I) 5, where
the court took into account the bona fides of the stay application (or the
lack thereof) and the need to balance the advantages and disadvantages to each
of the parties, among other factors. Mr Khoo also cited Eleven Gesellschaft
Zur Entwicklung und Vermarktung Von Netzwerktechonologien MBH v Boxsentry Pte
Ltd [2014] SGHC 210 for the proposition that the mere existence of
simultaneous proceedings did not necessarily mean that a stay would be granted
as of right. I should add that the parties’ conduct is an important
consideration and that the decision whether or not to grant a stay application
must fundamentally depend on whether it is fair to the parties. The burden is
on Mr Ong to persuade the court to stay proceedings in exercise of the court’s
case management discretion.

Main reasons advanced for a stay

Undivided attention

6 Mr Ong is a litigant in person and has no legal representation. He said that
he is the personal representative of his mother’s estate in the ongoing OS
763/2014 proceedings. As there is a pending appeal, namely CA 178, Mr Ong
argued that he would only be able to attend to the committal proceedings after
the conclusion of OS 763/2014 and CA 178, since both matters require his
undivided attention.

7 The question raised by Mr Khoo was whether Mr Ong has done enough to
persuade the court to exercise discretion in his favour. Mr Khoo pointed out
that Mr Ong had not substantiated his assertion that OS 763/2014 and CA 178
needed his undivided attention. Nothing was adduced in Mr Ong’s affidavits to
show the existence of timelines to meet or that hearing dates had been given
for OS 763/2014 and CA 178.

8 I accepted Mr Khoo’s submissions that there is nothing on the evidence to
support Mr Ong’s point that CA 178 and OS 763/2014 required his undivided
attention, and that he could not prepare for the committal proceedings. In
fact, there is no time pressure on him in respect of the CA 178, which is an
appeal against some orders made by Judicial Commissioner Pang Khang Chau in OS
763/2014 relating to a dispute involving Mr Ong and his siblings in respect of
their mother’s estate. As stated, Pang JC gave various orders on 25 September
2017 and adjourned certain outstanding matters to a date to be fixed by the
Registry. Two days later, on 27 September 2017, Mr Ong filed CA 178 against
three matters alleged to be part of the decision given on 25 September 2017 in
OS 763/2014. Pang JC has yet to release his written grounds in relation to OS
763/2014 and, no directions and no hearing date have been given for CA 178.

9 Bearing in mind that there was no other evidence identified or provided at
the time of the hearing to show that CA 178 and OS 763/2014 required Mr Ong’s
undivided attention, I concluded that this was not an appropriate case to stay
the committal proceedings until after the disposal of CA 178 and OS 763/2014.
Further, the court documents for the committal proceedings were served on Mr
Ong on 7 September 2017. It was not disputed that Mr Ong had been on notice of
the committal proceedings for months. Notably, it is not Mr Ong’s case that he
has no time to prepare for the hearing of the committal proceedings. In these
circumstances, there is no merit in the suggestion that Mr Ong will be put at
a disadvantage by a refusal to adjourn the hearing of the committal
proceedings until the disposal of CA 178 and OS 763/2014.

CA 178 and OS 763/2014 are connected to the committal proceedings

10 In argument, Mr Ong referred to three paragraphs of the Attorney-General’s
statement (the “Statement”) supporting the committal proceedings. I will set
out the details of paragraphs 20(e), 61(c) and 63(d) of the Statement shortly.
Suffice to say for now that the argument is premised on alleged overlaps
between the issues in the committal proceedings and those in OS 763/2014 and
CA 178. This is because the Attorney-General is relying on matters that
transpired in OS 763/2014 in the Statement, and it stands to reason that OS
763/2014 and CA 178 should be disposed of before the hearing of the committal
proceedings. In short, the Attorney-General’s reliance on OS 763/2014
necessitated a stay of the committal proceedings until after the disposal of
CA 178.

11 Furthermore, to Mr Ong, CA 178 is a substantive appeal. It should therefore
proceed first. It would be akin to putting the cart before the horse if the
committal proceedings were to be heard first. He maintained that he would
suffer prejudice as a consequence. Mr Ong, however, did not elaborate on the
prejudice he had in mind. The essential point underlying this ground is that
it would be unfair to Mr Ong if a stay of the hearing of the committal
proceedings were disallowed.

12 Responding, Mr Khoo pointed out that CA 178 was filed in September 2017
soon after the papers for the committal proceedings were served on Mr Ong and
questioned Mr Ong’s choice to appeal before the conclusion of OS 763/2014. And
he further explained that Mr Ong’s choice to appeal was motivated by Mr Ong’s
desire to delay the committal proceedings.

13 Apart from the choice and timing to appeal, Mr Khoo characterised CA 178 as
a sham appeal given the subject matter of the appeal. The appeal pertained to
three things, according to Mr Ong’s Notice of Appeal in CA 178: (a) the award
of non-testamentary cash gifts; (b) the legitimacy of medical claim; and (c)
“[c]osts issues, amongst which are the executor’s costs, including
professional accounting costs are to have priority in accordance with pecking
order of payment”. Mr Khoo relied on Pang JC’s Notes of Arguments of the
hearing on 2 November 2017 for OS 763/2014 to support his assertion that CA
178 was a sham. On point (c), Pang JC said that he had not made any ruling on
costs and would clarify this in his Grounds of Decision when issued. On points
(a) and (b), Pang JC said that leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal would be
required as the total sum involved was less than $250,000.

14 In the context of the stay application, my view is that it is not necessary
to deal with the question of whether or not CA 178 was taken out prematurely
or was a sham. This is a matter for the appellate court in CA 178. On the
issue of whether or not to grant a stay sought by Mr Ong on the ground that CA
178 and OS 763/2013 are connected to the committal proceedings and that it
would be premature for the committal proceedings to proceed before the
conclusion of CA 178, I disagreed with Mr Ong’s contentions. There is nothing
to the contentions for the following reasons.

15 OS 763/2014 is a dispute involving the mother’s estate and not the father’s
estate. Matters involving the father’s estate were litigated in Suit No 385 of
2011 and was heard by Justice Woo Bih Li and concluded in 2012. In contrast,
OS 763/2014 is a matter assigned to another judge, Pang JC.

16 Mr Ong did not appeal against Woo J’s decision. It was an outcome whereby
Mr Ong won in part. Even though Mr Ong now claims that the issues in CA 178
are common to both the mother’s and father’s estates, the fact of the matter
is that there was no appeal against Woo J’s decision and the decision in CA
178 would not change the outcome, effect and consequence of Woo J’s decision.

17 I agreed with Mr Khoo that there are no common issues that warrant a stay
of the committal proceedings. Above all, the committal proceedings relate to
Mr Ong’s contemptuous allegations against Woo J and have to do with the
court’s contempt jurisdiction rather than a review of the merits of Suit No
385 of 2011. By way of background, Mr Ong applied in OS 165 of 2016 (“OS
165/2016”) to disqualify Woo J from hearing four legal actions involving the
mother’s estate, including OS 763/2014. After the hearing of OS 165/2016, Woo
J decided to recuse himself for the reasons explained in his decision reported
as Ong Wui Teck v Ong Wui Swoon [2016] 2 SLR 1067.

18 I now turn to Mr Ong’s reliance on paragraphs 20(e), 61(c) and 63(d) in the
Statement for the committal proceedings to support his contention that OS
763/2014 and CA 178 are connected to the committal proceedings. Paragraphs
20(e) and 63(d) of the Statement point out that the proceedings regarding the
mother’s estate, including OS 763/2014, have since carried on before different
judges without any judge doubting Woo J’s ruling. Further, paragraphs 20(e)
and 61(c) of the Statement point out that Mr Ong did not take any steps to
vary or set aside Woo J’s rulings for alleged bias. Mr Ong’s position is that
he does not need to wait until the conclusion of OS 763/2014 and CA 178 in
order to respond to these paragraphs of the Statement. His position is self-
evident. These paragraphs are factual narratives and do not serve as grounds
to support a stay of the committal proceedings. In my view, no injustice will
be caused if the committal proceedings are heard first, before CA 178 and OS
763/2014. As stated, the committal proceedings arose from a different set of
proceedings, namely OS 165. In the circumstances, there was no reasonable
basis to grant a stay of the committal proceedings. It would be appropriate to
proceed with the determination of the issue of contempt.

Leave to appeal

19 At the conclusion of the hearing, Mr Ong sought leave to appeal to the
Court of Appeal. I granted him leave to appeal. I also confirmed that the
hearing date of the committal proceedings would remain as 13 March 2018.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge

Khoo Boo Jin, Elaine Liew Ling Wei and May Ng (Attorney-General’s Chambers)
for the applicant;  
The respondent in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

