Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 258

Originating Summons 876 of 2018

Between

| Ho Yew Kong  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| ERC Holdings Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| KPM Holdings Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Trusts]— [Express Trusts] — [Certainties]

[Trusts]— [Express Trusts] — [Beneficiaries] — [Disclaimer of Trust]

[Trusts]— [Quistclose Trusts]

[Trusts]— [Constructive Trusts]

[Trusts]— [Resulting Trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ho Yew Kong

  

v

  

ERC Holdings Pte Ltd and another

[2018] SGHC 258

High Court — Originating Summons No 876 of 2018  
Valerie Thean J  
26 September 2018; 31 October 2018

27 November 2018 Judgment reserved.

Valerie Thean J:

Introduction

1 The present interpleader action concerns one million shares of Gryphon Real
Estate Investment Corporation Pte Ltd (“GREIC”) held by the plaintiff, Ho Yew
Kong. Both defendants, ERC Holdings Pte Ltd (“ERCH”) and KPM Holdings Pte Ltd
(“KPMH”), claim ownership of the shares, each using the narrative advanced by
the other in previous litigation.

2 ERCH and KPMH are private investment companies. It is not disputed that an
individual by the name of Andy Ong is the controlling mind of ERCH; another
individual by the name of Douglas Foo is the controlling mind of KPMH; and
that $1,000,000 was paid by KPMH on 23 November 2009 arising out of an
arrangement between the two men. GRIEC is an investment holding company whose
shareholders included Mr Ong and Mr Ho. KPMH relies upon prior evidence given
by Mr Ong that, pursuant to an oral agreement with Mr Foo and upon the receipt
of $1,000,000, ERCH set up a trust of the GREIC shares for KPMH’s benefit.
KPMH now asks for the transfer of the shares, on the premise that there is
either an express trust, a Quistclose trust or a constructive trust.

3 ERCH, on the other hand, relies upon the previous testimony of Mr Foo that
the sum of $1,000,000 was advanced merely as a loan, contending that Mr Foo,
while advancing this former narrative, had disclaimed his interest in the
trust. ERCH contends that because the attempt to constitute an express trust
failed, a resulting trust arises over the shares in favour of ERCH.

4 The truth may be obscure but the known facts that are key to resolving the
question of entitlement are largely not in dispute. It is common ground that
interpleader relief should be granted and that I should summarily determine
the issue between the two competing defendants.

Background

5 The value of the one million GREIC shares (“the GREIC shares”) lies in their
link to ownership in a commercial development named Bugis Cube, situated at
470 North Bridge Road, Singapore. GREIC and Sakae Holdings Ltd (“Sakae”), a
public listed company of which Mr Foo is founder and chairman, set up Griffin
Real Estate Investment Holdings (“GREIH”) as a joint venture company in late
2009 in order to acquire and develop Bugis Cube. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1st Defendant’s Bundle of Documents (“1DBOD”), p 199.

Both GREIH and GREIC are being wound up as a result of decisions of the Court
of Appeal in prior litigation between parties, in Ho Yew Kong v Sakae Holdings
Ltd and other appeals and other matters [2018] 2 SLR 333 (“Ho Yew Kong v Sakae
CA”) and Foo Peow Yong Douglas v ERC Prime II Pte Ltd and another appeal and
other matters [2018] SGCA 67.

6 The documents relied upon by KPMH are not in dispute. A share transfer form
for the transfer of the GREIC shares by ERCH to Mr Ho was signed on 19
September 2010. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1DBOD, p 66.

While the share transfer form stated that Mr Ho had paid $1,000,000 for the
GREIC shares, ERCH did not receive the sum of $1,000,000 from Mr Ho. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1DBOD, p 45.

It is common ground that KPMH issued a cheque for the sum of $1,000,000 in
favour of GREIH on 23 November 2009. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1DBOD, p 200; 1DBOD, p 45; 1DBOD, p 68.

During this period, the management of GREIH was left to Mr Ong (see Ho Yew
Kong v Sakae CA at [12]). The GREIC board of directors passed a resolution
approving transfer of the shares from ERCH to Mr Ho dated 19 September 2010. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1DBOD, p 70.

Subsequently, on 9 March 2012, an email sent from an employee of GREIC to its
shareholders explained that ERCH had held shares on behalf of Mr Ho and the
shares were to be transferred back to Mr Ho. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1DBOD, pp 575 and 595.

The transfer was approved at an Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) of GREIC
held on 11 June 2012. A certificate of stamp duty payment was obtained on 9
July 2012. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1DBOD, p 46.

Based on ACRA records, Mr Ho was registered as a shareholder of GREIC as of 9
July 2012. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

2nd Defendant’s Bundle of Documents (“2DBOD”) Tab 9, p 31.

Mr Ho signed an undated Trust Deed where he declared that he held all the
shares on trust for KPMH. This Deed was not signed by any representative of
KPMH. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1DBOD, pp 81–82.

Mr Ho also signed an undated GREIC Director Resolution as a director of GREIC
for a transfer of the GREIC shares from himself to KPMH. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1DBOD, p 47.

7 The evidence given in three of the multiple lawsuits between the parties
that involved GREIH is of relevance in shedding light on these documents. In
Originating Summons No 124 of 2013 (“OS 124/2013”), Mr Foo and Sakae Holdings
Ltd sought leave to commence a derivative action on GREIH’s behalf against Mr
Ho and Mr Ong. This was subsequently discontinued on 3 May 2013. Prior to the
discontinuance of OS 124/2013, Mr Ong filed an affidavit on 19 February 2013
describing a trust arrangement where the GREIC shares were held on trust for
KPMH by Mr Ho. Mr Foo filed several affidavits on 12 April 2013, where he
disavowed knowledge of any such trust arrangement. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

1DBOD, pp 86, 93 and 170.

8 Subsequently, Sakae commenced two suits which were tried together in 2016.
Suit No 122 of 2013 was brought against Mr Ong as the sole defendant. Suit No
1098 of 2013 (“Suit 1098/2013”) was brought by Sakae as minority shareholder
in GREIH, alleging minority oppression against GREIH, its majority directors
and shareholders, and various other companies controlled by Mr Ong. Again, Mr
Ong attested to the trust arrangement in an affidavit, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

2DBOD Tab 5, pp 201–202

and Mr Ho referenced the trust arrangement in his pleadings. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

2DBOD Tab 5, pp 212–213.

In 2016, when the two suits were tried together, Mr Foo was cross-examined on
this trust arrangement and denied it. His evidence was that the $1,000,000 was
advanced as a personal loan. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

2DBOD Tab 5, pp 183–184 and 187.

Mr Foo was told in the course of his cross-examination in Suit 1098/2013 that
the $1,000,000 was not entered into the books of GREIH. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

1DBOD, p 201.

After hearing both suits, the High Court ordered that GREIH be wound up in
Sakae Holdings Ltd v Gryphon Real Estate Investment Corp Pte Ltd and others
(Foo Peow Yong Douglas, third party) and another suit [2017] SGHC 73. The
appeals were thereafter dealt with by the Court of Appeal on 29 June 2018 in
Ho Yew Kong v Sakae CA.

9 The issue of the $1,000,000 paid by ERCH to GREIH remained at large. On 12
June 2017, KPMH filed a proof of debt for a $1,000,000 loan made on 23
November 2009 in GREIH’s winding up. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

1DOB, p 455.

But subsequently, on 3 July 2018, KPMH’s solicitors wrote to Mr Ho’s
solicitors to request the transfer of the GREIC shares to KPMH. After
receiving a competing claim from ERCH, Mr Ho filed this interpleader action on
17 July 2018.

10 On 13 September 2018, subsequent to the filing of the interpleader
application, the GREIH liquidators wrote to inform KPMH’s solicitors that
there was a cheque deposit of $1,000,000 on 24 November 2009, which was
identified in the GREIH general ledger as a “[l]oan from ERC Holdings”. Mr
Foo, in now seeking the transfer of shares, undertakes to withdraw KPMH’s
proof of debt if he is successful in these proceedings. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

3rd Affidavit of Douglas Foo Peow Yong dated 20 September 2018, pp 2–3.

Parties’ positions and issues presented

11 Mr Foo’s version of events is that Sakae originally intended to invest
$5,000,000 in Bugis Cube. Pursuant to Mr Ong’s advice to limit Sakae’s risk
exposure however, Sakae invested $4,000,000 instead. This meant that Mr Ong
was still short of $1,000,000 in funds. Because they were close friends at the
time who had known each other for more than 20 years, Mr Foo promised Mr Ong a
loan of $1,000,000, to be used for the purposes of acquiring Bugis Cube.
Unknown to him, his wife who is also a director at KPMH, issued the cheque to
GREIH, rather than to Mr Ong, at Mr Ong’s instruction. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

1DBOD, pp 199–200.

In reliance on Mr Ong’s past statements that the money was used to set up a
trust for the benefit of KPMH in respect of the 1,000,000 GREIC shares and
share documents stating that Mr Ho held the shares as trustee, KPMH’s
contention is that an express trust was created over the GREIC shares, and
KPMH is the beneficiary of the trust. In the alternative, a resulting trust
had arisen over the $1,000,000 from the misuse and unauthorised use of money
that was loaned for a specific purpose. This kind of trust, termed in law as a
Quistclose trust, is explained more fully below. As a final alternative
argument, KPMH argues that in the circumstances, even if Mr Foo’s expectation
did not amount to a condition as required in a Quistclose trust, a
constructive trust had arisen over the $1,000,000 shares because Mr Ong was
aware of Mr Foo’s expectation.

12 Mr Ong’s explanation for the share documents, in contrast, is that sometime
in late 2009 or 2010, he reached an oral agreement with Mr Foo under which
KPMH would purchase shares from ERCH to be held on trust by Mr Ho. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

1DBOD, p 45.

He also described how Mr Ho held the shares on trust for KPMH in an affidavit
filed in Suit 1098/2013 on 23 November 2015. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

2DBOD Tab 5, pp 201–202.

Nevertheless, as Mr Foo had no intention to set up a trust, none was created.
Further, the effect of Mr Foo’s evidence is that the money was loaned for no
specific purpose, and Mr Foo’s only recourse would be to pursue the debt,
which he has done in filing a proof of debt with the liquidators of GREIH.

13 Initially, ERCH contended that KPMH sought double recovery, in that KPMH
earlier sought the return of the $1,000,000 loan in GREIH’s liquidation. Mr
Foo has since clarified that he would forego claims against the loan if the
shares are returned to him. The issues, therefore, are the following:

(a) Whether KPMH may claim the shares under an express trust. The two sub-
issues presented by ERCH’s arguments are whether such a trust was created; and
if so, whether KPMH has disclaimed its interest.

(b) Alternatively, whether the $1,000,000 payment was for a specific purpose
which was diverted, giving rise to a Quistclose trust such that KPMH’s
interest may be traced to the shares.

(c) In any event, whether the circumstances were such that a constructive
trust had arisen such that KPMH’s interest may be traced to the shares.

14 For the reasons that follow, I hold that no express trust, Quistclose trust
or constructive trust is applicable on the facts.

The express trust arguments

Was an express trust created?

15 It is not disputed that a trust may be created once three certainties are
fulfilled: that of subject matter, object and the settlor’s intention. Only
the last mentioned is disputed. KPMH contends that ERCH was the settlor and
KPMH was only a beneficiary. Hence, the fact that a representative from KPMH
did not sign the Trust Deed was immaterial as the trust was fully constituted
without the signature of the intended beneficiary. ERCH, on the other hand,
contends that there was no express declaration of trust. The oral arrangement
between Mr Foo and Mr Ong assumed that Mr Foo was the settlor. ERCH argues
that, in the light of his prior evidence, Mr Foo plainly had no intention to
set up the trust, the trust failed.

16 The Court of Appeal considered the issue of certainty of intention in Guy
Neale and others v Nine Squares Pty Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 1097 (“Guy Neale”). In
that case, a partnership that operated a restaurant in Bali was disputing the
beneficial ownership of certain “Ku De Ta” marks (“contested marks”) that were
registered in Singapore by a company called Nine Squares. One issue was
whether Nine Squares held the contested marks on express trust for the
partnership (see Guy Neale at [49]). The key dispute under this issue was
whether Nine Squares intended to hold the contested marks and the benefits
derived therefrom on trust for the partnership, hence demonstrating sufficient
certainty of intention (see Guy Neale at [61]). The Court of Appeal made clear
that certainty of intention requires proof that a trust was intended by the
settlor. However, no particular form of expression is necessary to prove an
intention to create a trust (see Guy Neale at [52]). Such an intention may be
inferred from the alleged settlor’s words and conduct, as well as from the
surrounding circumstances (see Guy Neale at [58]). The court inferred that
there was an intention on the part of Nine Squares to hold the contested marks
on trust for the partnership. I highlight two strands of evidence which the
Court of Appeal relied on in coming to their decision. First, the
representatives of Nine Square seemed to acquiesce or at least not object to
the position taken in emails from the founders of the partnership that “Ku De
Ta” marks registered outside of Indonesia, including the contested marks, were
being held for the benefit of the partnership as a whole (see Guy Neale at
[90]). Second, the affidavit of a representative of Nine Square and Nine
Square’s defence filed in Australian proceedings expressly stated that the
contested marks were being held on trust for the partnership as a whole (see
Guy Neale at [100] and [115]).

17 From the decision in Guy Neale it is clear that in the search for an
intention to create a trust, the relevant intention is that of the settlor and
such intention may be inferred from the words and conduct of the settlor.
Another point from that case that is pertinent to the present one is that the
admissions and statements made in prior legal proceedings may be relevant in
discerning the intention of the settlor.

18 In the present case, I accept KPMH’s position that ERCH was the settlor of
the alleged trust. It is not disputed that the money was first advanced by
KPMH on 23 November 2009 to the account of GREIH at Mr Ong’s request. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

1DBOD, p 200; 1DBOD p 45.

It was then entered on the general ledger of GREIH as a loan from ERCH on 24
November 2009. The shares in dispute were initially in the name of ERCH. ERCH
then procured the transfer of the shares to Mr Ho, the trustee, and thereby
constituted the trust (see [6] above). In Guy Neale, Nine Squares, as the
registered proprietor of the disputed marks, was the settlor. Similarly, as
the original legal owner of the disputed GREIC shares, ERCH must be the
settlor of any alleged trust over the same shares. In contrast, at no point
was Mr Foo the legal owner of the disputed GREIC shares.

19 ERCH’s contention that KPMH is the settlor is premised on Mr Ong’s prior
evidence that parties agreed that KPMH would purchase the disputed GREIC
shares and Mr Ho would hold the shares on trust for KPMH, with the trust being
formalised by way of a Trust Deed signed by Mr Ho and KPMH. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

1DBOD pp 45–47.

ERCH augments this position in its written submissions by suggesting that the
parties envisaged Mr Foo to be the “putative settlor”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

1st Defendant’s Further Submissions, pp 4–5.

A distinction, however, must be drawn between a contractual analysis of the
parties’ relationship, and the analysis with respect to the creation of the
express trust. While the former looks at the terms the parties had agreed on
and whether there was a breach of such terms, the latter is concerned with
whether a settlor manifested an intention to create a trust with certainty of
subject and object. Even if there was some contractual agreement for a trust
to be set up in a particular manner, the manner in which the trust is set up
is a different issue. Based on the undisputed evidence, ERCH, as the legal
owner of the shares, had taken a certain course of conduct and made Mr Ho
trustee over the shares for the benefit of KPMH. The proper question is
therefore whether ERCH had manifested an intention to create a trust over the
disputed GREIC shares in favour of KPMH, regardless of any agreement between
the parties.

20 I find that ERCH did manifest such an intention, as evidenced by its
conduct and the various statements that were made by Mr Ho and Mr Ong in prior
lawsuits. Mr Ho in his Defence for Suit 1098/2013 filed on 21 July 2015 stated
that he was “approached by Mr Andy Ong” to hold the shares for Mr Foo or his
nominee. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

2DBOD Tab 5, p 213.

In Mr Ho’s Further and Better Particulars for the same suit, Mr Ong’s request
is again reflected. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

1DBOD, pp 585–586.

Mr Ong, in an affidavit for OS 124/2013, stated that Mr Ho was holding the
disputed GREIC shares on trust for KPMH. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

1DBOD, pp 86 and 93.

In his affidavit of evidence in chief for Suit 1098/2013 filed on 23 November
2015, Mr Ong averred to the trust, and explained that Mr Ho had signed the
undated transfer forms in order for the shares to be returned to KPMH at any
time. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

2DBOD Tab 5, pp 201–202.

It is clear that Mr Ong was of the view that the trust had been fully
constituted. Indeed, Mr Ong’s affidavit filed in this suit also attests to the
same trust arrangement, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

2DBOD Tab 3, pp 6–8.

but only qualifies the arrangement by suggesting that while he had the
intention to create a trust, Mr Foo did not share the same intention.

21 These statements, coupled with the conduct of ERCH as expressed through
documents such as the signed share transfer form, the board resolution
approving the transfer, the EGM resolution and stamp fee paid for the transfer
(see [6] above), make it clear that on the facts and circumstances, ERCH was
the settlor, it had manifested an intention to create a trust, and a trust was
thereby constituted when ERCH transferred the shares to Mr Ho.

Has the trust been disclaimed by its beneficiary?

22 The trust having been constituted, the issue remains as to whether Mr Foo
had, by his protestations, renounced his interest in the trust. I detail his
prior evidence here, for ease of analysis.

23 In Mr Foo’s 4th affidavit filed in OS 124/2013 on 12 April 2013 he stated:
29

##### Foot Note 29

×

1DBOD, pp 93 and 97.

2.3.9 Prior to reading Andy’s affidavit, I had no knowledge that Ho Yew Kong
was allegedly holding any GREIC shares on trust for KPM Holdings.

…

2.4.10 The remaining S$1 million was a loan by KPM Holdings to GREIH. This was
not referable to any shares or interest in GREIC. I am not aware that KPM
Holdings owns any interest in GREIC, whether legal or beneficial…

24 In response to documents produced by the defendants in OS 124/2013 to
support the existence of a trust in respect of the disputed GREIC shares, Mr
Foo stated that: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

1DBOD, p 94.

2.3.11 I am advised and verily believe that these documents do little to
support the allegation that a valid trust has been created in favour of KPM
Holdings, or that KPM Holdings had ever held any interest in GREIC … KPM
Holdings never had knowledge of the existence of any such trust, as evidenced
by the alleged trust deed that Andy has exhibited to his affidavit which was
unsigned by KPM Holdings and signed only by Ho Yew Kong.

25 At paragraph 2.5.1 of the same affidavit, Mr Foo stated that he and Mr Ho
were “strangers” and that he “categorically” denied the “false allegations”
that, amongst others, he had asked Mr Ho to hold shares in GREIC on trust for
KPMH. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

1DBOD, pp 97–98

26 In Mr Foo’s 5th affidavit filed in OS 124/2013 on the same day as his 4th
affidavit, he stated: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

1DBOD, at p 131.

2.7.2 Before I read Andy and Ho’s affidavits, I had no knowledge that Ho Yew
Kong was purportedly holding any GREIC shares on trust for KPM holdings.

2.7.3 In any case, I am advised and verily believe that the undated trust deed
exhibited at “HYK-3” of Ho’s affidavit do little to support the allegation
that a valid trust has been created in favour of KPM Holdings…

2.7.4 Furthermore, the cheque dated 23 November 2009 from KPM for $1,000,000
exhibited at “HYK-3” of Ho’s affidavit is misleading. It is not evidence of
monies paid by KPM in exchange for shares in GREIC as alleged by Ho Yew Kong.
Instead, the cheque evinces a loan given to GREIH to put them in funds to
purchase Bugis Cube. KPM never received any shares as a result of the loan…

27 On 20 January 2016, under cross-examination during the trial of Suit
1098/2013 about his conduct in November 2009, when the board of Sakae was
discussing its $4,000,000 investment into GREIH, Mr Foo’s evidence was that
the loan, for Mr Ong’s benefit, was made out to GREIH at Mr Ong’s request.
According to Mr Foo, the sum of $1,000,000 was a loan given by KPMH to Mr Ong
because “[Mr Ong] needed the extra $1 million to complete the deal … at that
point in time when he asked for the 1 million, I wrote a $1 million cheque and
gave it to him”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

1DBOD, pp 177–178.

The loan of S$1,000,000 was made to Mr Ong but the cheque was made payable to
GREIH because Mr Ong had asked that the cheque be made payable to GREIH. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

1DBOD, p 178.

The loan was thus to GREIH. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

1DBOD, p 180.

28 When asked about the Trust Deed and whether it was his evidence that he
knew nothing about the trust, Mr Foo’s answer was: “Yes, your Honour, and I
don’t even at this point of time know who Ho Yew Kong is.” 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

1DBOD, p 181.

29 Mr Foo was also adamant that he had no shares in GREIC: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

1DBOD, p 181.

Q: So you have never had shares in GREIC?

A: No, your Honour.

Q: Never?

A: No, your Honour.

30 Mr Foo further revealed that on 4 March 2010, Sakae’s Chief Financial
Officer (“CFO”) at the time had “asked [him] to confirm that [he had] no
shareholdings in any of the interested party, related parties” which were
involved in the Bugis Cube deal. This was because the CFO had discovered that
his name was listed in GREIC’s share register as one of its shareholders. In
response, Mr Foo had confirmed to the CFO that everything was in order. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

1DBOD, pp 181–183.

He explained: 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

1DBOD, p 184.

… if I have any shareholdings in these companies, I will have to disclose it.

…

As far as I know, I have never owned any shares in GREIC and that’s why we
have never do [sic] any disclosure in our circular to the Stock Exchange.

31 An argument as to disclaimer was attempted and dismissed by the House of
Lords in Lady Naas and another v Westminster Bank, Limited [1940] 1 AC 366
(“Lady Nass”). This was a case involving a settlor, Mr Strauss, and a
beneficiary, Lady Nass. Mr Strauss had executed a settlement deed in favour of
Lady Nass that was signed, sealed and unconditionally delivered (see Lady Nass
at 381–382). The executed settlement deed was sent to Lady Nass. Sir George
Lewis, the solicitor who acted on behalf of Mr Strauss, wrote to Sir John
Withers, the solicitor who acted on behalf of Lady Nass, and gave the
impression that Mr Strauss had offered to make a settlement, but the offer had
been revoked. Sir George Lewis requested that the settlement deed be returned
to Mr Strauss. The fact that the settlement deed was signed, sealed and
unconditionally delivered was not highlighted by Sir George Lewis (see Lady
Nass at 392–394). Sir John Withers was thus under the impression that the
settlement was somehow incomplete and of no binding effect, and thus advised
Lady Nass to return the settlement deed. Lady Nass eventually complied (see
Lady Nass at 394–396). The House of Lords held that Mr Strauss, by signing,
sealing and unconditionally delivering the settlement deed, was bound by it.
The question was whether Lady Nass’s actions after the settlement deed was
delivered to her amounted to a disclaimer of the settlement (see Lady Nass at
390–391).

32 Lord Russell of Killowen explained at 396-7:

In my opinion disclaimer can only be made with knowledge of the interest
alleged to be disclaimed, and with an intention to disclaim it. So far as her
legal advisers were concerned they were misled by the statements insisted upon
by Sir George Lewis. They had not, and could not have, any knowledge of the
unconditional delivery of the deed, and must have believed that in the
circumstances the deed was inoperative, and that the whole matter was capable
of revocation and had been effectively revoked, with the result that there
could be no interests to disclaim. In this they were misinformed and mistaken;
but their mistake cannot affect the rights of the beneficiaries under the
deed. As regards the first appellant herself, so far from finding any
intention on her part to give up her rights under the deed, the evidence
points the other way. She had settled her difficulty with the settlor by the
end of 1925, and ever since then was prepared to execute the document.

33 KPMH’s argument rests on Lady Naas. It is that Mr Foo’s prior evidence does
not amount to a disclaimer, because those reflect Mr Foo’s views in the light
of the legal advice he was given at the time. He was, in any event,
represented by a different set of solicitors, and his knowledge and belief
rested on their advice. The present solicitors argue that only after the final
conclusion of Suit 1098/2013 in Ho Yew Kong v Sakae CA was Mr Foo able to
focus on the shares and his entitlement in them. Because he had no knowledge,
he also did not possess the intention to unequivocally reject his entitlement
under the trust. Once he had been duly educated by his present set of
solicitors, he realised that the trust property was his.

34 ERCH relies upon the English Court of Appeal decision of In re Paradise
Motor Co Ltd [1968] 1 WLR 1125 (“Paradise Motor”). This was a case involving a
man named Mr Watson and another man named Mr Johns, who was Mr Watson’s
stepson. Mr Watson executed a transfer of 350 shares in Paradise Motor Co Ltd
to Mr Johns. The transfer was defective, but Mr Watson had done everything
which was needed to complete the gift of the shares, and hence Mr Johns was
the equitable owner of the shares by virtue of the principle in In re Rose,
Rose and another v Inland Revenue Commissioners [1952] Ch 499 (“re Rose”) (see
Paradise Motor at 1140–1141). The issue before the court was whether Mr Johns
had disclaimed Mr Watson’s gift.

35 The English Court of Appeal held that Mr Johns had sufficient knowledge of
the possible claim, and had disclaimed Mr Watson’s gift. The court was
satisfied that Mr Johns had disclaimed the gift based essentially on two
incidents. The first was upon receipt of the second of two liquidators’
letters sent to Mr Johns. The liquidator included brief facts pertaining to
the liquidation of Paradise Motor Co Ltd and informed Mr Johns that his name
was on the share register. This incident was, on Mr Johns’s evidence, the
first time he came to know that he had a claim to certain shares. He answered
“no” to each of the four questions in the liquidator’s letter, which included
a query as to whether he claimed to be a shareholder of the company (see
Paradise Motor at 1141C–G). The second incident concerned a message he sent to
Mr Watson through a half- brother, Ronald, to the effect that he had no shares
and he wanted no shares from Mr Watson. This was done in the context of a
request by Mr Watson for Mr Johns to sign a transfer of 50 shares back to Mr
Watson (see Paradise Motor at 1141–1142). Dankwerts LJ disagreed with
Pennycuick J’s assessment in the court below in the following terms at
1142C-E:

Pennycuick J. was unable to find a disclaimer either in the answer to the
letter or in the message to Watson via Ronald. In the case of the message, he
doubted whether Ronald could properly be treated as having given the message
to Watson on behalf of Johns, but the evidence appears to us to be quite clear
on that point. In the case of both, he considered that, for a disclaimer of a
gift to be effective as such, the donee must possess reasonably full
information as to the nature and amount of the gift. We do not think, with
respect, that that generalisation is of universal application, and we do not
think that it applies here. The message to Watson was quite plainly couched in
language which showed that he was in no circumstances accepting entitlement to
any shares.

That that was then his attitude is made the more likely by the fact that, in
his evidence (when he knew for certain the value of the subject-matter), he
asserted that he did not want any of the money for himself if he won, but
would give it to charity, to someone who needed it.

36 Lady Nass was referred to and distinguished at 1142H as a case in which the
person alleged to have disclaimed had been led to believe that she had no
interest to disclaim, in the following terms:

[Lady Nass] was a case in which the person allegedly disclaiming had been led
to believe that she had no interest to disclaim; that the deed was no deed.
Here, as we have said, there was sufficient knowledge of the nature of the
possible claim ...

37 The two cases do not contradict each other, nor do they raise
unconventional propositions of law. These propositions of law may be
summarised as follows. A beneficiary may only renounce his interest if he is
in possession of the full facts and circumstances of his actions.
Nevertheless, once the beneficiary has sufficient knowledge of the relevant
facts, his statements stating that he has no interest would be sufficient to
effect a disclaimer.

38 By Mr Foo’s account, he had loaned Mr Ong $1,000,000 in 2009 for the
acquisition of Bugis Cube. He did not query how the acquisition was made.
Subsequently, he was informed as early as 4 March 2010 by his CFO at Sakae,
that his name was on a list of shareholders of GREIC as the owner of 1 million
shares (see [30] above). This was a serious context, and not a light-hearted
one: he was legally obliged to disclose personal interests if he had any. The
CFO’s email to him stated clearly that she wanted to “caution [Mr Foo] first”
as she did not “feel good about this deal”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

2DBOD Tab 5, p 188.

His response at the time was to make sure that his wife “followed up to make
sure that the GREIH cheque have got [sic] a loan supporting document.” 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

2DBOD Tab 5, p 188.

In 2013, Mr Ong asserted the existence of a trust in OS 124/2013, and again in
an affidavit filed in 2015 for Suit 1089/2013 (see [7]–[8] above). Mr Foo
consistently denied the existence of the trust arrangement in his reply
affidavits in OS 124/2013 (see [23]–[26] above). Mr Foo had sufficient facts
to inquire on the nature of KPMH’s shareholding in GREIC but did not do so
even when it was his responsibility to do so in 2010. He did not care to know,
either then, or after he was expressly told in 2013, or again in 2015.

39 As late as at 20 January 2016, Mr Foo’s stance on cross-examination
remained as such: “As far as I know, I have never owned any shares in GREIC
and that’s why we have never do [sic] any disclosure in our circular to the
Stock Exchange.” 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

2DBOD Tab 5, p 190.

This was an affirmation, in 2016, that he did not own any GREIC shares. His
caveat, “[a]s far as I know”, does not assist him, because he knew all the
facts that would have given rise to an inquiry he reasonably could have made,
in the light of the questions posed by his CFO and the express statements made
in affidavits that he had read and responded to. Nor does KPMH’s contention at
the hearing that Mr Foo was simply focused on Sakae’s business during the
various lawsuits help him: the argument glosses over the fact that Sakae’s
business required him to investigate and to declare his shareholding if any.
The responsibility was his to verify the facts and make appropriate
disclosure. Adopting a stance that amounted to wilful blindness towards the
trust arrangement, he confirmed that he had no shares. In my view, a fair
assessment is that KPMH, through Mr Foo, has disclaimed its interest in the
GREIC shares.

The Quistclose trust arguments

40 The Quistclose trust takes its name from the House of Lords case of
Barclays Bank Ltd v Quistclose Investments Ltd [1970] 1 AC 567 (“Quistclose
Investments”). In that case, a company, Rolls Razor Ltd, was indebted to
Barclays Bank, and was in need of a sum of money to pay dividends which had
been declared on its shares. Rolls Razor Ltd borrowed money from a company by
the name of Quistclose Investments Ltd. At a board meeting of Quistclose
Investments Ltd, a resolution was passed that stated that the loan was to be
made “for the purpose of [Rolls Razor Ltd] paying the final dividend due on
July 24”. Quistclose Investments Ltd drew a cheque in favour of Rolls Razor
Ltd, and sent the cheque to Barclays Bank. A representative from Quistclose
Investments Ltd called Barclays Bank to confirm that the money would “only be
used to meet the dividend due on July 24, 1964”. This confirmation was
repeated in the covering letter enclosed with the cheque. On Quistclose
Investments Ltd’s instructions, the money was paid into a separate account at
Barclays Bank. Before the dividend was paid, Rolls Razor Ltd went into
liquidation. The question before the House of Lords was whether Rolls Razor
Ltd held the money on trust for Quistclose Investments Ltd (see Quistclose
Investments at 578–579).

41 Lord Wilberforce, with whom the rest of the court agreed, held that a trust
had arisen over the money. He explained at 581–582:

[W]hen the money is advanced, the lender acquires an equitable right to see
that it is applied for the primary designated purpose … when the purpose has
been carried out ... the lender has his remedy against the borrower in debt:
if the primary purpose cannot be carried out, the question arises if a
secondary purpose (i.e., repayment to the lender) has been agreed, expressly
or by implication: if it has, the remedies of equity may be invoked to give
effect to it, if it has not (and the money is intended to fall within the
general fund of the debtor’s assets) then there is the appropriate remedy for
recovery of a loan. … In the present case the intention to create a secondary
trust for the benefit of the lender, to arise if the primary trust, to pay the
dividend, could not be carried out, is clear and I can find no reason why the
law should not give effect to it.

42 Lord Wilberforce’s analysis envisages two successive trusts arising in a
Quistclose trust situation. The first is a primary purpose trust and the
second is a secondary trust that arises in favour of the lender if the primary
purpose is not carried out. The two successive trusts analysis was reviewed in
the House of Lords decision of Twinsectra Ltd v Yardley and others [2002] 2 AC
164 (“Twinsectra”).

43 Twinsectra was a case that involved a lender that was only prepared to
grant a loan if the borrower secured repayment by a solicitor’s personal
undertaking. Such an undertaking was eventually provided to the lender’s
satisfaction (see Twinsectra at [54]–[58]). The undertaking provided, inter
alia, that:

1\. The loan moneys will be retained by [the solicitor] until such time as
they are applied in the acquisition of property on behalf of our client.

2\. The loan moneys will be utilised solely for the acquisition of property on
behalf of our client and for no other purpose.

[emphasis added in Twinsectra]

44 One question before the court in Twinsectra was whether the undertaking
created a Quistclose trust over the loan moneys. Lord Millet at [73]–[74] was
careful to highlight that the mere fact that money is paid for a particular
purpose is insufficient to constitute a Quistclose trust:

73 A Quistclose trust does not necessarily arise merely because money is paid
for a particular purpose. A lender will often inquire into the purpose for
which a loan is sought in order to decide whether he would be justified in
making it. He may be said to lend the money for the purpose in question, but
this is not enough to create a trust; once lent the money is at the free
disposal of the borrower. Similarly payments in advance for goods or services
are paid for a particular purpose, but such payments do not ordinarily create
a trust. The money is intended to be at the free disposal of the supplier and
may be used as part of his cashflow. Commercial life would be impossible if
this were not the case.

74 The question in every case is whether the parties intended the money to be
at the free disposal of the recipient … His freedom to dispose of the money is
necessarily excluded by an arrangement that the money shall be used
exclusively for the stated purpose …

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

45 Lord Millet examined the nature of the Quistclose trust and rejected the
two successive trusts explanation provided by Lord Wilberforce (see Twinsectra
at [78]–[99]). Instead, at [100] he characterised the Quistclose trust as a
resulting trust:

100 … the Quistclose trust [is] an entirely orthodox example of the kind of
default trust known as a resulting trust. The lender pays the money to the
borrower by way of loan, but he does not part with the entire beneficial
interest in the money, and in so far as he does not it is held on a resulting
trust for the lender from the outset … it is the borrower who has a very
limited use of the money, being obliged to apply it for the stated purpose or
return it. He has no beneficial interest in the money, which remains
throughout in the lender subject only to the borrower’s power or duty to apply
the money in accordance with the lender’s instructions. When the purpose
fails, the money is returnable to the lender, not under some new trust in his
favour which only comes into being on the failure of the purpose, but because
the resulting trust in his favour is no longer subject to any power on the
part of the borrower to make use of the money.

46 Lord Millet thus held at [75] and [103] that a Quistclose trust had arisen
in favour of the lender in Twinsectra:

75 In the present case paragraphs 1 and 2 of the undertaking are crystal
clear. [The solicitor] undertook that the money would be used solely for the
acquisition of the property and for no other purpose; and was to be retained
by his firm until so applied. It would not be held by [the solicitor] simply
to [the borrower’s] order; and it would not be at [the borrower’s] free
disposition. Any payment by [the solicitor] of the money, whether to [the
borrower] or anyone else, otherwise than for the acquisition of property would
constitute a breach of trust.

…

103 In my opinion the Court of Appeal were correct to find that the terms of
paragraphs 1 and 2 of the undertaking created a Quistclose trust. The money
was never at [the borrower’s] free disposal. It was never held to his order by
[the solicitor]. The money belonged throughout to [the lender], subject only
to [the borrower’s] right to apply it for the acquisition of property …

[emphasis in original]

47 Lord Millet’s explanation for the Quistclose trust remains the dominant
model in England (see Challinor v Juliet Bellis & Co [2013] EWHC 347 (Ch) at
[543]; Raymond Bieber and others v Teathers Ltd (in liquidation) [2012] EWCA
Civ 1466 at [14]-[15]). This model was also recently endorsed by Quentin Loh J
in the High Court decision of Attorney-General v Aljunied-Hougang-Punggol East
Town Council [2015] 4 SLR 474 (“AG v AHPETC”) at [108]–[110] as the model that
should be adopted in Singapore. In that decision, Loh J made several other
important observations, two of which I highlight here.

48 First, there is nothing in principle preventing the constitution of an
express trust that operates in the same manner as a resulting Quistclose trust
(see AG v AHPETC at [111]). While a resulting Quistclose trust corresponds to
the lack of intention to benefit the recipient of the money, an express
Quistclose trust arises out of an intention by the donor to constitute the
recipient as a trustee, and confer a power or duty on the recipient-trustee to
apply the money exclusively in accordance with the stated purpose. Regardless
of whether a Quistclose trust is in the nature of an express or resulting
trust, a crucial element of any Quistclose trust is the fact that the lender
intends for the loan money to be used for a specified purpose (see AG v AHPETC
at [114]).

49 Second, the relevant intention is that of the lender of the money and does
not depend on the bilateral intentions of the lender and the borrower. This is
the natural corollary of the distinction between a Quistclose trust on the one
hand, and a contractual agreement to use the money in a certain manner on the
other. The former is based on either the lender’s intention to constitute a
trust, or a lack of intention to benefit the borrower. The latter is based on
the objectively ascertained intentions of the parties to the agreement (see AG
v AHPETC at [112]).

Was a Quistclose trust created?

50 The need for a specified purpose is not a low threshold to cross. The
settlor’s very specific intention is that which causes the beneficial interest
to remain with him. The mere fact that a lender inquires about the purpose of
a loan is insufficient. In each case, the question is “whether the parties
intended the money to be at the free disposal of the recipient” (Twinsectra at
[74]). In Quistclose Investments, this intention was demonstrated by the board
resolution, the covering letter and the instructions given by Quistclose
Investments Ltd to the bank (see [40] above). In Twinsectra, the solicitor’s
undertaking sought by the lender was clearly phrased to restrict the use of
the money to the sole specified purpose and no other (see [46] above).

51 In my view, the present case does not reveal the specific intention
required for a Quistclose trust. Aside from Mr Foo’s bare assertion, he
proffers no evidence that he expressed any intention to Mr Ong that the loan
be used for the acquisition of Bugis Cube. The documentation for the loan,
which during his cross-examination in 2016 he contended was verified with his
wife (see [38] above), was not adduced. The facts indicate that Mr Foo had no
intention to retain the beneficial interest. The evidence, rather, shows that
the money was at the absolute and free disposal of Mr Ong. No attempt was made
by Mr Foo to restrict GREIH’s use of the $1,000,000. Nor was any query posed
to Mr Ong as to whether a specific purpose had been fulfilled, as highlighted
at [38]–[39] above. Indeed during Mr Foo’s cross-examination, his position was
that the loan was one on which there were no terms: 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

2DBOD Tab 5, p 191.

Q: What were the terms of this loan?

A: No terms.

Q: No terms?

A: It was just a loan – Andy has asked me before for 500,000, 100,000, 50,000,
I just write a cheque…we never talk about terms.

52 I find, on a totality of the evidence, that there is insufficient evidence
of a trust for a specific purpose. Mr Foo had no serious desire to restrict
GREIH’s use of the loan moneys. In fact, it was inconvenient for him to know
and he did not care to know what had happened to the $1,000,000. He was
informed that KPMH possibly owned GREIC shares in 2010, by his CFO. In 2013 Mr
Ong gave the specific details of what had happened to the $1,000,000 in the
course of OS 124/2013. Again, the same details were given by Mr Ong and Mr Ho
in their affidavits and pleadings filed for Suit 1098/2013. In that context,
Mr Foo adopted the stance that he had no shares during his cross-examination
in 2016. When asked whether he had checked to see whether the loan of
S$1,000,000 was reflected in GREIH’s books or whether he had asked for
repayment of the loan, Mr Foo’s answer was that he did not do either of those
things. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

2DBOD Tab 5, p 196.

After the trial of Suit 1098/2013, KPMH then followed up to file a proof of
debt in GREIH’s liquidation. In this regard, the liquidator’s recent
information that the loan was entered in GREIH’s general ledger as a loan from
ERCH supports, somewhat ironically, Mr Foo’s former evidence that the
$1,000,000 was intended by him as a personal loan to Mr Ong and nothing more.

53 This finding is sufficient to dispose of the arguments on the purported
existence of a Quistclose trust. Three other arguments were advanced by ERCH
in the course of the hearing. These apply only on the premise of a Quistclose
trust. I deal with them below for completeness.

Has its purpose been fulfilled?

54 First, ERCH contends that in the event that the $1,000,000 was advanced
with a specific purpose, the money was not misappropriated but used to fulfil
its purpose. Mr Foo’s contention was that the loan was to enable Mr Ong to
complete the acquisition of Bugis Cube. This was effected through the purchase
of GREIC shares, which was a joint venture partner in GREIH, the company which
acquired Bugis Cube. The purpose had been fulfilled, albeit through indirect
means. Hence, Mr Foo’s recourse is to seek the return of his loan. Counsel for
KPMH’s rejoinder is that notwithstanding this, the money can still be traced
into the asset purchased, the GREIC shares. This link was not clearly
established at the hearing before me, and on reflection, is not self-evident.
The authorities are in agreement, on the contrary, that the effect of a
Quistclose trust upon the fulfilment of the specified purpose is that the
lender would only have a claim in debt. This is made clear in the passage in
Quistclose Investments cited above at [41], where Lord Wilberforce states that
“when the purpose has been carried out … the lender has his remedy against the
borrower in debt”. Similarly in Twinsectra at [69], Lord Millet explains:

69 …When the money is advanced, the lender acquires a right, enforceable in
equity, to see that it is applied for the stated purpose, or more accurately
to prevent its application for any other purpose. This prevents the borrower
from obtaining any beneficial interest in the money, at least while the
designated purpose is still capable of being carried out. Once the purpose has
been carried out, the lender has his normal remedy in debt…

[emphasis added]

Has it been disclaimed?

55 Second, ERCH suggests that, in the event that a Quistclose trust had
arisen, it had been disclaimed by KPMH, in the same way that the express trust
has been disclaimed. I add that this argument is only significant if I come to
the opposite conclusion on the two previous issues, that there is in fact a
loan on a specific trust, and that its purpose has not been fulfilled by the
investment in GREIC shares. KPMH insists that trusts that arise by operation
of law cannot be disclaimed and cites Rajabali Jumabhoy and others v Ameerali
R Jumabhoy and others [1997] 2 SLR (R) 296 in support of its position. The
context of that case, however, was that of an express trust, and nothing was
said in relation to the issue of whether trusts that arise by operation of law
could be disclaimed. I note, moreover, that the case of Paradise Motor (which
the parties relies on for the point on disclaimer of an express trust)
implicitly suggests that trusts that arise by operation of law can be
disclaimed. This is because while Mr Johns’s name was on the share register of
Paradise Motor Co Ltd, the transfer of the shares was procedurally defective,
and Mr Johns was only the equitable owner of the shares by virtue of the
principle in re Rose (see [34] above). This meant that a constructive trust
had arisen over the shares in favour of Mr Johns. Yet, the English Court of
Appeal allowed the argument on disclaimer.

56 In my judgment, I see no reason why a trust which arises by operation of
law may not be disclaimed. KPMH’s assumption rests on the fact that trusts
that arise by operation of law are not understood by their beneficiaries at
the time of disclaimer to be trusts. As a matter of logic, and applying
Paradise Motor, such a disclaimer may be made so long as the beneficiary is
aware of the facts that give rise to the trust and, being sufficiently
informed, renounces any beneficial interest in it. In this particular case,
however, this possibility does not arise because the very factual
circumstances that give rise to the disclaimer of the express trust obviates,
entirely, consideration of a Quistclose trust. Mr Foo’s protestations that are
relevant to the issue of disclaimer support the conclusion that he did not
intend to restrict the use of the $1,000,000.

Does limitation bar any claim?

57 A final point is whether, even if a Quistclose trust is established, any
relief would be time-barred under s 22(2) of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996
Rev Ed) (“Limitation Act”). The relevant portion of s 22 of the Limitation Act
reads:

Limitation of actions in respect of trust property

22.—(1) No period of limitation prescribed by this Act shall apply to an
action by a beneficiary under a trust, being an action —

(a) in respect of any fraud or fraudulent breach of trust to which the trustee
was a party or privy; or

(b) to recover from the trustee trust property or the proceeds thereof in the
possession of the trustee, or previously received by the trustee and converted
to his use.

(2) Subject to subsection (1), an action by a beneficiary to recover trust
property or in respect of any breach of trust, not being an action for which a
period of limitation is prescribed by any other provision of this Act, shall
not be brought after the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the
right of action accrued.

58 Mr Ho is not the trustee, and hence the action to compel Mr Ho to transfer
the shares to KPMH is not an action to “recover from the trustee” and thus
falls outside of s 22(1)(b) and falls within s 22(2) of the Limitation Act.
ERCH argues that more than 6 years have passed since the right accrued.

59 KPMH attempts two arguments to assert that s 22(2) does not apply, which I
do not, upon consideration, find convincing. First, that Yong Kheng Leong and
another v Panweld Trading Pte Ltd and another [2013] 1 SLR 173 establishes
that Class 1 constructive trusts fall under s 22(1)(b) and have no limitation
period. The authority is not apposite. Constructive trusts are not in issue; a
Quistclose trust is a resulting trust. The trustee in the purported Quistclose
trust alternative relevant to s 22(1)(b) of the Limitation Act, moreover, is
ERCH and not Mr Ho, from whom return is sought, bringing the action within
subsection (2) rather than subsection (1)(b). The second argument is that the
limitation period should run only from the time of discovery, on the basis of
s 29 of the Limitation Act. That section, however, requires fraud or mistake
and none is alleged here.

60 Parties did not argue this limitation point fully. In the light of my
finding on the three bases above that dispose of the issue, I would only
highlight that ERCH’s reliance on s 22 of the Limitation Act is consistent
with the approach of Vinodh Coomaraswamy J to treat resulting trusts as trusts
to which section 22 of the Limitation Act is applicable, in Tan Chin Hoon and
others v Tan Choo Suan (in her personal capacity and as executrix of the
estate of Tan Kiam Toen, deceased) and others and other matters [2016] 1 SLR
1150 at [247]–[251]. Without the benefit of argument, I make no holding on
this issue.

The constructive trust argument

61 KPMH relies on the case of Re Pinkroccade Educational Services Pte Ltd
(formerly known as PDA Pink Elephant Pte Ltd) (in creditors’ voluntary winding
up) [2002] 2 SLR(R) 789 (“Pinkroccade”) to mount the argument that a
constructive trust had arisen over the $1,000,000.

62 Pinkroccade was a case involving a claimant company which had mistakenly
paid moneys into the bank account of Pinkroccade Educational Services Pte Ltd
(“PES”). Due to human error, money was paid into PES’s account instead of the
account of another similarly named company. The parties in effective control
of PES were informed that the moneys were paid by mistake. The money was kept
in a separate account and was identifiable from the rest of the funds of PES
(see Pinkroccade at [2]–[4]). Lee Seiu Kin JC (as he then was) highlighted
that (a) the money was paid under a mistake, (b) the persons in control of PES
had knowledge that the moneys were paid by mistake and (c) the moneys were an
identifiable fund in a separate account that was not mixed with the other
funds of the company. In the circumstances, Lee JC held that a constructive
trust had arisen the moment PES was made aware of the mistaken payment as it
became unconscionable for PES to retain the moneys (see Pinkroccade at
[21]–[22]).

63 The present case is distinguishable from the facts of Pinkroccade. There is
no mistaken payment to speak of. Mr Foo’s evidence was that the money was
promised to Mr Ong as a loan. No complaint is made of the fact that Mrs Foo
made out the cheque for the loan as a director of KPMH to GREIH, at Mr Ong’s
instruction. The loan, paid to the correct party, is recorded on the general
ledger of GREIH as a loan, albeit from ERCH instead of KPMH (see [6] and [10]
above). Without a mistaken payment, a constructive trust of a similar nature
to that of Pinkroccade cannot arise.

Conclusion

64 In summary, I hold that ERCH, as the settlor, transferred the shares to Mr
Ho to hold on trust for KPMH. KPMH, however, through various statements made
by Mr Foo, has disclaimed any interest in the trust. The same protestations
also rule out a finding of a Quistclose trust. As there is a lack of intention
to benefit Mr Ho, the GREIC shares are held on resulting trust in favour of
ERCH (see In re Vandervell’s Trusts (No 2) [1974] 1 Ch 269 at 294G). ERCH is
entitled to the return of the shares.

65 I shall hear counsel on costs and any consequential orders required.

Valerie Thean  
Judge

Samuel Chacko, Lim Shack Keong, Anne-Marie John and Too Fang Yi (Legis Point
LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Vikram Nair and Foo Xian Fong (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the first
defendant;  
Koh Swee Yen, Ong Pei Chin, Margaret Huang and Nicholas Liu (WongPartnership
LLP) for the second defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

