Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 199

Suit No 244 of 2017

Between

Cheo Ming Shen

… Plaintiff

And

Tiah Ewe Tiam

… Defendant

judgment

[Contract] — [Breach]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Cheo Ming Shen

  

v

  

Tiah Ewe Tiam

[2018] SGHC 199

High Court —Suit No 244 of 2017  
Choo Han Teck J  
30–31 August, 4 and 7 September 2018

14 September 2018 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff and defendant were the co-founders of a company called
“Netccentric Pte Ltd” in which they each held equal shares from the day it was
founded, namely, 18 August 2006. Netccentric was listed on the Australian
Securities Exchange on 6 July 2015 and is now referred to as “NCL”. It is the
parent company of Nuffnang Pte Ltd, and other companies such as “Churp”,
“Sashimi”, “Reelity.tv”, and “RippleWerkz”, that carry on the business of
online marketing and social media.

2 NCL has a board of five directors namely Kevin Tsai, Pierre Pang, Martyn
Thomas, Cheo Ming Shen (the plaintiff), and Tiah Ewe Tiam (the defendant). The
plaintiff was appointed NCL’s Chief Executive Officer, and the defendant its
Chief Operating Officer.

3 The NCL group of companies appear to be carrying on a very digital-age kind
of business in which the operatives, such as Wendy Cheng Yan Yan (PW3), refer
to themselves as “bloggers and influencers”. These names describe people who
are partly advertising agents, part slogan writers, part reporters and part
salespeople. Although one well-known “influencer”, known in the blogosphere as
“Xiaxue” (PW3), testified in this trial, her evidence and the business of NCL
are largely not relevant to the issues before the court, and therefore, had no
impact on the outcome of this case.

4 With two young, ambitious men in a very modern business dealing in public
influence, each having an equal number of shares in their company, it was only
a matter of time before one of them (the defendant) declares that “one
mountain cannot have two tigers” and the other (the plaintiff) promptly
saying, “I agree”. That time was 29 September 2016.

5 In spite of the rift, the plaintiff and defendant retained sufficient
amiability to agree terms for one of the ‘tigers’ to leave the mountain. These
terms are set out in paragraph 57 of the plaintiff’s AEIC as follows –

1) This initiative was suggested by you, on the basis that there should be a
clear management direction, and no distraction for the current management team
to achieve our aims over the next 3 years.

2) Following discussions with Pierre and yourself, we have fine-tuned some of
the salient points.

3) The restructuring exercise will lead to your relinquishing all your
executive functions, and role as Chief Operating Officer of NCL.

4) You will be retired as an Executive Director, but take on the function of
Director. Your annual directors fee will be $30,000 AUD per annum as per the
IDs currently, and adjustments will follow their lead.

5) You will be appointed as a Netccentric Advisor to facilitate smooth
relationships with some of our key stakeholders (Talents/Clients), in
Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia and Philippines. You will not be the executive
point of contact, but a facilitator/mentor to the executive team. For this
role, you will be paid a monthly salary of $3500 AUD. This will be a contract
position guaranteed for a period of 3 years.

6) For your years of service, and as part of your redundancy package for 3),
you will be paid 2 months per year of service. With your 9 years of service,
this amounts to 18 months of your salary. This will be disbursed to you WEF
from your departure.

7) As a condition of this payment, should you return to C-Level management of
the company within 3 years of the date of your departure, you will have to
reimburse the company to the tune of your redundancy package as stated in 6)
plus the interest rate we are achieving on our fixed deposits in Australia.

8) You will craft out an email to related parties such as your Uncle, and
Father, relating to the plan above.

9) We will jointly craft out a release to the Public, and also one to the
staff, and I will be there with you in Malaysia to ensure a smooth transition.

10) Whilst I will not be obligated to purchase any of your shares as part of
this deal, I would like to place on record, that I have intention to do so,
pursuant to my personal abilities to do so, and upon mutual agreement of
terms.

11) Should you wish to sell shares, you must first offer them to the
Directors, with the same terms, giving them a period of 14 days to complete,
failing which, you can proceed (Right of first refusal)

6 The above terms were set out in an email sent by the plaintiff to the
defendant on 6 October 2016 at 3.35pm. The defendant replied at 4.33pm in
three words, “OK sure done”. The terms set out in the plaintiff’s email was
prefaced with this important sentence: “As part of the exit process, a simple
agreement will be drafted, with all material points covered.” True to their
word, a written agreement, dated 1 November 2016, was subsequently presented
to the defendant for his assent. That written agreement covered all the terms
set out in the email except that the first clause in the email of 6 October
was not incorporated. That is the clause that has the words:

This initiative was suggested by you, on the basis that there should be a
clear management direction, and no distraction for the current management team
to achieve our aims over the next 3 years.

7 The defendant signed the written agreement of 1 November 2016, and the
plaintiff also signed it, but he (the plaintiff) did so “[f]or and on behalf
of [NCL]”. The defendant, in due course, collected his money and relinquished
his executive position as the COO in NCL. Then comes the twist in the plot. On
27 January 2017, the plaintiff tendered his resignation as the CEO of NCL. The
minutes of the Board meeting that took place two days previously recorded
that:

[the plaintiff’s] resignation was not a decision that [the plaintiff] came to
by himself. If choice was given he would have stayed on to be accountable for
the 2016’s bad numbers, and to recover from it.

The minutes also recorded that:

as [the plaintiff] has lost the support of substantial shareholders, namely,
[the defendant] and his uncle, Datuk Tony, he has been left with no choice but
to resign, and will respect their decision.

8 On 16 March 2017 the plaintiff commenced this action against the defendant.
In this action the plaintiff pleaded two causes of action. The first was for
“legitimate expectation”, a claim that Mr Jonathan Yuen, counsel for the
plaintiff, withdrew at trial. The second was for the breach of an “over-
arching agreement”, and that formed the crux of this trial. The law of
contract governs all actions for a breach of contract, but there is not yet
any law of “over-arching contracts”. I must hold at once, that despite the
plaintiff’s grand description, an ‘over-arching’ contract is, really, just a
contract. For an action under a contract, the plaintiff must show what terms
under that contract had been breached. What then was the contract between the
plaintiff and the defendant?

9 To answer that question here, the plaintiff referred this court to a
conversation he had with the defendant prior to the plaintiff’s email of 6
October 2016. The plaintiff claims that in that conversation, the defendant
said that if he were to get sufficient compensation, he would resign as the
COO. According to the plaintiff, he (the plaintiff agreed) on the condition
that he (the plaintiff) remained as NCL’s CEO for three years. The defendant
denies this conversation, at least not that specific term. The plaintiff’s
email of 6 October 2016 does not refer to it either, so the plaintiff relies
on the first term set out in the 6 October email, namely:

This initiative was suggested by you, on the basis that there should be a
clear management direction, and no distraction for the current management team
to achieve our aims over the next three years.

The plaintiff now says that this passage ought to be interpreted as giving the
plaintiff a tenure of three years as NCL’s CEO and that this forms the basis
for his present action and claim for damages, including loss of his transport
allowances. The plaintiff here claims a transport allowance of $3,000 a month.
This claim is disputed by the defendant. More crucially, this transport
allowance is the subject matter of an action brought by NCL in a separate suit
for the recovery by NCL of the very same transport allowance that the
plaintiff is claiming as part of his damages in this action. It will be a mess
when two courts are making a finding of fact on the same issues, and this
state of affairs should never have been allowed to reach this point.

10 I shall deal with the more important matter concerning the plaintiff’s
cause of action in this suit before me. The evidence and the chronology shows
that after the plaintiff and defendant could no longer work together, they had
a discussion that ended with the terms on which the defendant would resign as
the COO of NCL. The plaintiff quickly set out the terms in the 6 October email
and sent it to the defendant. The defendant agreed, not just to those terms,
but also the entire email which says that the material terms would be drafted
into an agreement. That was done after the plaintiff sent to the NCL board of
directors the 6 October email and the defendant’s acceptance. That led to
NCL’s lawyers TSMP drafting the agreement of 1 November 2016.

11 The sequence of events is found in the plaintiff’s own evidence and in his
amended Statement of Claim where the idea of “an over-arching agreement” was
pleaded as the cause of action. It must have become clear to the plaintiff’s
counsel, after the trial commenced, that there is no cause of action for a
breach of “an over-arching contract”. When a plaintiff pleads a breach of
contract, that contract must be clearly identified. Counsel must have realised
that a claim drawing on the terms of the oral discussions, the 6 October email
and the 1 November agreement is loose and imprecise, and calling it “an over-
arching agreement” was not helping. In the closing submissions on behalf of
the plaintiff, the plaintiff’s case was changed to the breach of a specific
contract, namely, the 6 October 2016 contract by email.

12 The problem with this argument is that the 6 October email that is set out
above and which the defendant accepted, was clearly contingent, as the email
stated, upon an agreement to be signed. That was indeed done, and the
agreement signed was that of 1 November 2016.

13 This presents a different problem for the plaintiff in that the agreement
of 1 November 2016 was clearly an agreement between NCL and the defendant.
Clause 5 of that agreement also provides that the agreement “sets out the
entire agreement and understanding between the parties”. Clause 7 provides
that no third party (that would include the plaintiff) would have any rights
to enforce the terms of this agreement. The 1 November agreement was the only
signed agreement, and it was the formalisation of the 6 October email, which
in turn, was a more detailed stage of the negotiation between the plaintiff
and the defendant. Since it seemed to have escape the parties’ attention, I
shall point out now that the 1 November agreement and all the others prior to
it, including the 6 October email, concern the terms for the resignation of
NCL’s COO, the defendant. It had nothing to do with the plaintiff’s
entrenchment as NCL’s CEO for three years. The 6 October email, like its
finalised edition, the 1 November agreement, was sent by the plaintiff in his
capacity as CEO and on behalf of NCL. There was no personal agreement or
contract, whether on the face of it, or underlying it, or over-arching it in
any of these versions — the oral, the email, nor the final version.

14 Mr Yuen ended his final submission by likening his client’s case to a
situation of two persons driving the same car at the same time. Just as I
cannot find any car with two drivers, I also do not find any contract between
the plaintiff and the defendant in which the defendant has agreed to let the
plaintiff remain as NCL’s CEO for three years. There is a grave
misunderstanding of corporate law, the division of functions between a
company’s executives, its directors, and its shareholders. Even if it were
true that the defendant threatened to convene an Extraordinary Shareholders’
Meeting to have the CEO removed, that had not been done. The defendant’s case
was that there was no contract. The plaintiff claimed that he had to choose
between resigning (which he did) and being forcibly removed. In addition to
the plaintiff and the defendant, there were three independent directors on the
board of NCL. None of them were called to testify. The plaintiff jumped
without being pushed.

15 The plaintiff’s case is therefore dismissed with costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Yuen Djia Chiang Jonathan, Francis Chan Wei Wen and Louisa Leow (Rajah & Tann
Singapore LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Pillai Pradeep G and Simren Kaur Sandhu (PRP Law LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

