Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 73

Suit No 44 of 2016

Between

MATTHEWSDANIEL INTERNATIONAL PTE LTD

… Plaintiff

And

KITH MARINE & ENGINEERING SDN BHD

… Defendant

judgment

[Agency] — [evidence of agency]

[Contract] — [contractual terms] — [admissibility of evidence]

[Contract] — [contractual terms] — [parol evidence rule]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
MatthewsDaniel International Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Kith Marine & Engineering Sdn Bhd

[2018] SGHC 73

High Court — Suit No 44 of 2016  
Andrew Ang SJ  
9, 10 January 2018

28 March 2018 Judgment reserved.

Andrew Ang SJ:

Introduction

1 This is a claim brought by the plaintiff, MatthewsDaniel International Pte
Ltd against the defendant, Kith Marine & Engineering Sdn Bhd, for three unpaid
invoices amounting to a total of USD 130,642.33. The plaintiff is also
claiming interest on the unpaid sums amounting to a total of USD 52,051.02,
calculated based on a formula found in the plaintiff’s standard terms and
conditions of service (“plaintiff’s Standard Terms”).

2 The invoices were issued by the plaintiff for marine warranty survey
services that it had provided in relation to the transportation of two oil
rigs. The sole matter in dispute is who the parties to the contract for the
provision of those services were. The plaintiff’s case is that the contract
was made between itself and the defendant in its personal capacity. The
defendant’s case, on the other hand, is that it was merely contracting with
the plaintiff as agent for the representatives of the owners of the oil rigs,
namely, Dragon Offshore Industries LLC (“Dragon”). Therefore, the defendant
claims that it is not personally liable to pay the plaintiff under the
contract.

Facts

The parties

3 The plaintiff is a Singapore incorporated company in the business of, inter
alia, providing marine warranty survey services for the transportation of oil
rigs. The defendant is a Malaysia incorporated company in the business of
providing ship related services, such as ship repair and conversion, and tank
cleaning and coating.

Background to the dispute

The genesis

4 On 29 August 2013, the defendant’s General Manager, Mohamed Taib Bin
Abdullah (“Taib”), received an email from Amir Ghaffari (“Ghaffari”), a
Project Manager from Dragon. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Mohamed Taib Bin Abdullah dated 24 November 2017 (“Taib’s
Affidavit”), MT-1, p 42.

Dragon was acting as the agent for Amar Offshore S.A. (“Amar”), the owner of
an oil rig named Trident VI. Trident VI was later renamed “United 1”. For the
avoidance of confusion, I shall refer to this oil rig as the First Rig.

5 This email contained a request by Dragon for the defendant to provide towing
services for the First Rig. It was further specified in the email that as part
of the provision of the towing services, the defendant would have to procure
the requisite marine warranty surveyor’s clearance.

6 On 6 September 2013, the defendant received a further request for towing
services to be provided, in relation to a second oil rig known as “GSF 134”
(“the Second Rig”). Dragon was also acting as agent for the owner of the
Second Rig, namely, Teras Harta Maritime Ltd (“Teras”). The scope of the
towing services to be carried out in relation to the Second Rig also included
obtaining the requisite marine warranty surveyor’s clearance. The First and
Second Rig shall hereinafter be collectively referred to as “the Rigs”.

7 Concurrently, Miller Insurance LLP (“Miller Insurance”) had been engaged to
insure the transportation of the Rigs. As part of the terms of the insurance
coverage, there was a condition for a marine warranty survey to be conducted
on the Rigs to determine their fitness for transportation. The plaintiff was
one of the companies on the approved panel of warranty surveyors for Miller
Insurance. In an email dated 10 September 2013, Miller Insurance contacted the
plaintiff, informing them of the potential assignment of conducting the marine
warranty survey for the Rigs. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Shaik Esmail Sahib Bin Adbul Rahiman dated 24 November 2017
(“Shaik’s Affidavit”), SESBAR-3, p 36.

The plaintiff’s director, Shaik Esmail Sahib Bin Abdul Rahiman (“Shaik”)
replied the same day, stating that the plaintiff would be able to take on the
assignment. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Shaik’s Affidavit, SESBAR-4, p 39.

Miller Insurance thereafter provided the plaintiff with the contact details of
the defendant, who it said was the representative of the owners of the Rigs. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Shaik’s Affidavit, SESBAR-4, p 39.

Meanwhile, Dragon informed the defendant that the plaintiff would be the ones
carrying out the marine warranty survey for the Rigs. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Taib’s Affidavit, MT-1, p 51.

The formation of the contract

8 Subsequently, on 11 September 2013, Shaik and Taib spoke over the phone
regarding the marine warranty survey that was to be carried out by the
plaintiff on the Rigs. This discussion was followed by an email dated 11
September 2013 (“the 11 September Email”), from Shaik to Taib, copying three
representatives of Miller Insurance and two other employees of the plaintiff.
6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Shaik’s Affidavit, SESBAR-5, p 114.

Notably, Dragon was not copied in this email. The email contained the
plaintiff’s Standard Terms as well as its schedule of rates. It was undisputed
that the plaintiff’s Standard Terms formed part of the contract for the marine
warranty survey services rendered. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Taibs’ Affidavit, para 48.

9 On 13 September 2013, Shaik and Taib met to further discuss the marine
warranty surveys to be conducted. Also in attendance were some representatives
from the Marine Department of the Johor Port. Notably, no representative of
Dragon was present at this meeting. The minutes of the meeting, which were
prepared by Taib and approved by Shaik, show that Shaik had informed Taib that
it was the defendant who had engaged the plaintiff, and that Miller
Insurance’s role was merely to give the plaintiff the defendant’s contact
details. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Shaik’s Affidavit, SESBAR-7, p 122.

Nothing was mentioned about the defendant acting as agent for Dragon.

10 On 17 September 2013, Taib sent an email to Shaik, copying Ghaffari from
Dragon (“the 17 September Email”). The email stated as follows:

Shaik,

Please refer email below which is self-explanatory.

We will furnish the Appointment Letter/PO tomorrow.

Trust the above in order and do not hesitate to call me.

Regards,

MTA

…

“QUOTE”

Dear Mohamed,

Please arrange a MWS with Mattews [sic] Daniel and get required approvals for
the operation.

Please keep us in the loop.

“UNQUOTE”

The quoted portion at the bottom of the email was reproduced from a prior
email that was sent from Ghafarri to Taib. Apart from this, nothing more
specific was mentioned about the defendant being the agent for Dragon in
relation to procuring the marine warranty survey services from the plaintiff.

11 On 19 September 2013, Taib, on behalf of the defendant, sent the plaintiff
a purchase order for marine warranty surveys to be carried out on the Rigs
(“the Purchase Order”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Shaik’s Affidavit, SESBAR-8, p 129.

The letterhead at the top left corner of the Purchase Order displayed the
defendant’s company name and contact details. The box located at the bottom of
the Purchase Order, above the line for “Authorised Signature”, contained the
company stamp of the defendant, with a corresponding signature next to it.
This Purchase Order was acknowledged and duly signed by Shaik on behalf of the
plaintiff. It was accepted by Taib during cross examination that there was
nothing on the face of the Purchase Order that indicated that the defendant
was contracting with the plaintiff on behalf of Dragon. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE 10 January 2018, 13:6–13:15.

12 Both parties did not dispute that the 11 September Email (which included
the plaintiff’s Standard Terms) and the Purchase Order together formed the
written agreement for the provision of the marine warranty survey services in
relation to the Rigs (“the Contract”).

13 Upon the plaintiff’s acceptance of the Purchase Order, Taib wrote to
Ghaffari from Dragon on 22 September 2013 informing him of the same. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Taib’s Affidavit, MT-1, p 77.

Ghaffari replied the same day, stating in his email:

…[O]nce the job [is] done and you [the defendant] have received their [the
plaintiff’s] final invoice for two (2) rigs Lump Sum, you [the defendant]
shall forward [the] same to us at cost plus 10% and then payment will be
executed within 3 working days.

The services were duly rendered by the plaintiff

14 It was undisputed that in compliance with the Contract, the plaintiff
rendered services to the defendant, including conducting engineering reviews
of the Rigs, conducting surveys on the Rigs and reporting the same. No
objections or complaints were raised by the defendant and the assignment went
smoothly.

15 Subsequently, the plaintiff issued four invoices to the defendant for the
services rendered under the Purchase Order (collectively, “the Invoices”): 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Shaik’s Affidavit, SESBAR-11, pp 343–358.

(a) Invoice No 14178 dated 21 October 2013 for the sum of USD 16,818.15 (“the
First Invoice”);

(b) Invoice No 14233 dated 27 November 2013 for the sum of USD 30,000.00 (“the
Second Invoice”);

(c) Invoice No 14326 dated 17 January 2014 for the sum of USD 43,641.67 (“the
Third Invoice”); and

(d) Invoice No 14426 dated 25 March 2014 for the sum of USD 57,000.66 (“the
Fourth Invoice”).

It is undisputed that apart from the First Invoice, the other Invoices have
remained unpaid to date.

16 On 24 October 2013, the defendant invoiced the owner of the Second Rig,
Strategic Excellence Ltd (formerly known as Teras). This invoice was for the
plaintiff’s fees as stated in the First Invoice, plus an additional 10% being
the defendant’s “Service Charge”. This amounted to a total of USD 18,499.96.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Taib’s Affidavit, MT-1, p 109.

Pursuant to this invoice from the defendant, Strategic Excellence Ltd made
full payment by way of a cheque dated 30 October 2013.

17 The defendant thereafter made full payment of the First Invoice to the
plaintiff, by way of a cheque dated 13 November 2013 drawn on Standard
Chartered Bank Singapore. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Shaik’s Affidavit, SESBAR-13, p 369.

The defendant’s difficulties in obtaining payment from Dragon

18 Beginning from as early as December 2013, the defendant sought to obtain
payment from Dragon in relation to the marine warranty survey services that
had been provided by the plaintiff. As was done with the First Invoice, the
defendant billed Dragon based on the plaintiff’s fees, plus an additional 10%
for the defendant’s service charge.

19 However, despite repeated attempts on the part of the defendant to obtain
payment, Dragon failed to comply. When payment was still not made by the end
of March 2014, Taib personally went to Dubai to meet with Ghaffari to demand
payment.

20 Negotiations between the defendant and Dragon resulted in a settlement
agreement dated 14 April 2014. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Taib’s Affidavit, MT-1, p 142–144.

Clause 6 of the settlement agreement states that the debt that the defendant
was claiming included “amounts for agency fees and other disbursements
relating to the pilotage, tug services security fees, a marine warranty survey
and surcharges”. It should be noted that in a Statement of Accounts that was
subsequently issued by Dragon to the defendant, there were two amounts, in
items number 33 and 56, which corresponded to the sums under the Second and
Third Invoices. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Taib’s Affidavit, MT-1, p 146–147.

To my mind, it is evident that part of the debt that the defendant was
claiming from Dragon was reimbursement for the plaintiff’s fees in providing
the marine warranty survey services.

21 Pursuant to the terms of this settlement agreement, Dragon agreed to pay
the defendant USD 150,000 in full and final settlement of their claims against
each other. This sum was duly paid to the defendant on 4 May 2014.

The defendant’s request for the plaintiff to invoice Dragon directly

22 Curiously, despite the settlement, on 20 April 2014, the defendant received
an email from a representative of Dragon, instructing the defendant to request
the plaintiff to invoice Dragon directly for the marine warranty surveys that
were conducted. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Taib’s Affidavit, MT-1, p 148.

Taib replied saying that he would inform the plaintiff of these instructions.

23 This prompted a telephone conversation between Taib and Shaik on 21 April
2014, pertaining to the issue of addressing the invoices for the services
rendered by the plaintiff directly to Dragon. The conversation was followed by
an email from Shaik to the defendant, copying Dragon. The email stated: 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Shaik’s Affidavit, SESBAR-14, p 371.

Please note that our initially [sic] agreement was with KITH Marine with
address in Singapore and your [the defendant’s] PO was subsequently issued.
These are the reason we agreed to undertake the job, so if there is no payment
from you, we could pursue your company locally. We have no written agreement
[with] Dragon Offshore Industries and we do not know them, as such we will not
submit any invoice directly to them.

Please note that we still hold KITH Marine responsible for all payment of our
fee for the service that we have rendered on good fate [sic].

The only way that we may consider to invoice Dragon Offshore directly, [is] if
they would pay our fee in advance as per attached. Once payment of
US$57,000.66 is received, then we will issue new invoice and address the same
to Dragon Offshore, and issue credit note to KITH Marine. In the meantime, we
still hold KITH Marine for all payment of our fee.

[emphasis added]

24 The defendant did not raise any objection in response to this email from
the plaintiff. Instead, on 5 June 2014, Taib sent another email to Dragon,
copying the plaintiff, demanding payment for their invoices issued in relation
to the plaintiff’s fees. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Shaik’s Affidavit, SESBAR-15, p 374.

In response, Dragon brought up the settlement agreement and reiterated that
there were no commercial payments outstanding between them. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Shaik’s Affidavit, SESBAR-15, p 373.

The defendant’s continued failure to repay

25 During the period from June 2014 to January 2015, the plaintiff sent
various emails to the defendant demanding payment of the Second, Third and
Fourth Invoices. In spite of this, the defendant refused to make payment. On 9
December 2015, the plaintiff’s solicitors, M/s Straits Law Practice, sent a
letter of demand to the defendant demanding payment of the outstanding sum
under the Second, Third and Fourth Invoices. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Shaik’s Affidavit, SESBAR-18, p 416.

The defendant’s Malaysian solicitors, M/s Raman Velu & Co replied stating that
their client would not be complying with the letter of demand.

26 The plaintiff therefore commenced this suit against the defendant on 18
January 2016, to claim for the unpaid sums under the Second, Third and Fourth
Invoices.

The parties’ cases

27 The plaintiff’s case is that it had contracted with the defendant for the
marine warranty survey services that it had rendered in relation to the Rigs.
This is evident from the written documents that form the Contract, namely the
11 September 2013 Email and the Purchase Order. Therefore, the defendant is
liable for the unpaid sums under the Second, Third and Fourth Invoices.

28 The defendant’s case, on the other hand, is that they had issued the
Purchase Order to the plaintiff for and on behalf of Dragon, as Dragon’s
agent. They rely on the 17 September Email, to assert that the plaintiff must
have been aware that the Contract was always understood to be between the
plaintiff and Dragon, and that the defendant was merely acting as an agent.
Accordingly, the defendant is not liable to make payment of the Second, Third
and Fourth Invoices.

29 Additionally, the defendant asserts that Dragon had ratified the Contract,
thereby allowing Dragon (the purported principal) to adopt the defendant’s
(the purported agent) past acts. Therefore, the defendant argues that it is
Dragon which should be liable for the unpaid sums, and not the defendant.

Issues to be determined

30 In order to ascertain if it is the defendant or Dragon that should
rightfully be liable under the Contract, these are the issues that have to be
determined:

(a) whether, as a matter of law, the defendant is personally liable under the
contract, given that there was no qualification that it was acting as agent
when it affixed its signature and company stamp on the Purchase Order;

(b) whether extrinsic evidence can be adduced to contradict what is stated in
the Contract; and

(c) whether Dragon’s subsequent ratification of the Contract absolves the
defendant of liability.

Issue 1: whether the defendant should, as a matter of law, be personally
liable under the Contract given that its signature was unqualified

31 It is clear on the face of the Purchase Order that the defendant’s
signature under the company stamp was unqualified. As stated above, Taib
himself accepted during cross-examination that there was nothing on the face
of the Purchase Order to indicate that the defendant was contracting on behalf
of Dragon and not in its personal capacity. Therefore, the issue to be
determined is whether, as a matter of law, the defendant is necessarily liable
under the Contract given that it contains the defendant’s unqualified
signature.

32 The law of agency places very specific emphasis on the manner in which a
purported agent affixes his or her signature to a contract. In particular,
where a written contract, objectively construed, does not indicate in clear
terms that the signatory is contracting on behalf of someone else, the
signatory will be taken to be personally liable under the contract.

33 This general principle is clearly set out in Prof Tan Cheng Han, The Law of
Agency (Academy Publishing, 2010) (“The Law of Agency”) at para 09.004:

It may also be the case that an agent, despite intending to act as agent only,
enters into a contract in such a manner as to be personally liable under it to
the exclusion of the principal. This may arise because the agent has not
contracted in a manner that makes it clear that he is only acting on behalf of
another person with no personal liability whatsoever. Thus, under an objective
interpretation of the contract, he, and only he, is regarded as a party to it.
It does not matter that he intended something else as the law deems that he
intends the consequences of what he has entered into, objectively construed.
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

34 In support of this proposition, Prof Tan cites Teheran-Europe Co Ltd v S T
Belton (Tractors) Ltd [1968] 2 QB 53 (QBD) at 59–60 and Gadd v Houghton (1876)
1 Ex D 357 at 360. Both these cases show that in determining the proper
parties to a contract, the names of the signatories to the written contract
are a very strong prima facie indication as to who the contracting parties
are. The cases further emphasise that where the agent did not intend for
personal liability to attach to him, there must be a very clear indication of
such an intention. For example, the signature must be claused “as agents only”
or something to similar effect.

35 In the more recent English Court of Appeal decision of Internaut Shipping
GmbH and Sphinx Navigation Limited of Liberia v Fercometal Sarl (The Elikon)
[2003] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 403 (“The Elikon”), the Court reiterated this principle,
in coming to a decision on who the proper parties to a charterparty were.
Internaut Shipping GmbH (“Internaut”), a small broking firm, had signed a
charterparty for the vessel The Elikon under the heading “Owners”, without any
qualification. In actual fact, it was Sphinx Navigation Limited of Liberia
which was the registered owner of The Elikon.

36 Nevertheless, the Court held that Internaut was personally liable under the
charterparty. Rix LJ, in delivering the leading judgment of the Court,
considered three English precedents and concluded at [46]:

What remains, however, is that in all three cases a party who was expressly
said in the body of the contract to be an “agent” or to be acting on behalf of
a principal was nevertheless adjudged to have personal liability in
circumstances where, again in all three cases, the agent signed without
qualification. This permits the extraction of a principle, which in my view
can be found stated as at least part of the reasoning in those cases that the
way in which a party named in a contract signs that contract may be of
particular strength in the overall question of whether he is a party to that
contract with personal liability under it. [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

Therefore, it was held at [51] that because Internaut had signed the
charterparty without any qualification, its liability was firmly established.

37 Rix LJ went on to elucidate at [53] the rationale for paying particular
attention to the form of the signature:

[I]t reflects the commercial facts of life, the promptings of commercial
common sense. The signature is, as it were, the party’s seal upon the
contract; and that remains the case even where, as here, the contract has
already been made… Prima facie a person does not sign a document without
intending to be bound under it, or, to put that thought in the objective
rather than subjective form, without properly being regarded as intending to
be bound under it. [emphasis added]

Indeed, in the realm of contract where intention is paramount, an unqualified
signature affixed to a contract should be taken as an objective indication of
the signatory’s intention to be bound. To hold otherwise would be to derogate
from contractual certainty, which would in turn affect commercial certainty.
To my mind, this rationale holds with equal force in the present case, and I
see no reason not to accept this principle as good law.

38 A similar matter was previously considered by the Singapore High Court. In
Todd Trading Pte Ltd v Aglow Far East Trading Pte Ltd [1997] 1 SLR(R) 494
(“Todd Trading”), the plaintiff claimed damages from the defendant for breach
of contract. The defendant’s main defence was that it was acting as an agent
for a disclosed principal buyer, and thus it should not be held liable as
buyer under the contract.

39 Kan Ting Chiu J held at [37] that the disclosure of a principal does not
ipso facto release the agent from liability. The disclosure alone is not,
without more, evidence of the party’s intention to be absolved of personal
liability under the contract. Given that there was nothing in the agreement,
nor in the conduct of the parties, that suggested that the defendant did not
intend to contract personally, the defendant was accordingly held to be
personally liable to the plaintiff.

40 The defendant in the present case has sought to argue that in the course of
its dealings with the plaintiff, it had always made known that it was acting
as agent for Dragon. At this point, I note that the plaintiff, in its closing
submissions, has argued that at the point of contracting, the defendant had
never informed them of the existence of Dragon. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 4(c).

Therefore, at best, Dragon was an undisclosed principal. In this regard, I
would disagree with the plaintiff. To my mind, the 17 September Email was
sufficient to give notice to the plaintiff that the defendant and Dragon had
an agency relationship. Therefore, at the point of the conclusion of the
contract on 19 September 2013, when the plaintiff acknowledged the Purchase
Order, Dragon was in fact a disclosed principal.

41 Be that as it may, I agree with Kan J’s holding in Todd Trading, that the
defendant’s disclosure of Dragon as its principal does not ipso facto release
it from liability. On the face of the Contract, there is nothing to suggest
that the defendant did not intend to contract personally, given that the
signature under the company stamp was unqualified. Therefore, the defendant
should be personally liable under the Contract, notwithstanding that it had
disclosed its principal.

42 I would answer Issue 1 in the affirmative.

Issue 2: whether extrinsic evidence can be adduced to contradict what is
stated in the Contract as to who the parties are

43 The defendant relies on the 17 September Email (see [10] above) to assert
that the plaintiff must have known that the Contract was to be between the
plaintiff and Dragon, and that the defendant was therefore not personally
liable. However, this contradicts what is expressly stated in the Purchase
Order. Accordingly, the next issue that I have to consider is whether
extrinsic evidence, in the form of the 17 September Email, can be adduced to
contradict the express terms of the Contract.

44 In general, the courts do not allow extrinsic evidence to be adduced to
contradict or reinterpret the express terms of a contract where these terms
are clear and unambiguous. The Court of Appeal in Zurich Insurance (Singapore)
Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029
stated at [116] that where the “contractual language … was plain and
unambiguous in reference to the existing facts”, extrinsic evidence should not
be adduced to contradict the clear terms.

45 More specifically, in the context of agency, Article 100(1) of Bowstead &
Reynolds (Peter G. Watts gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 20th Ed, 2006) (“Bowstead”)
at para 9–039 states:

Where it is clear from the terms of a written contract made by an agent that
he contracted personally, extrinsic evidence is not admissible to show that,
notwithstanding the terms of the contract, it was the intention of the parties
that he should not be personally liable on it, because such evidence would be
contradictory to the written contract. [emphasis added]

46 Similarly, it is stated in Sir Kim Lewison, The Interpretation of Contracts
(Sweet & Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2015) (“Lewison”) at para 10.07 that:

Extrinsic evidence is admissible to identify the parties to a contract, by way
of exception to the parol evidence rule. However, although evidence is
admissible to identify parties to a contract, where the parties are
specifically named in a written contract, evidence is not admissible for the
purpose of showing that others (who were not named) were also parties to the
contract. [emphasis added]

47 I would note parenthetically that the commentary to Art 100(1) of Bowstead
(at para 9–040) states that although extrinsic evidence may not be adduced to
delete an apparent contracting party, it may be adduced to add a party. This
“addition” might occur in situations where, for example, the liability of the
principal has to be established in addition to that of the agent. A more
stringent view is taken in Lewison at para 10.07, which states that where the
contracting parties have been specifically named in the contract, evidence is
not admissible to show that others (who were not named) were also parties to
the contract. Therefore, on this approach, it appears that extrinsic evidence
cannot even be adduced to “add” a party to the contract. However, the
defendant in the present case is seeking to adduce extrinsic evidence to
absolve itself of liability under the Contract or, in other words, delete
itself as a party to the Contract. Therefore, there is no need for me to
comment on whether I prefer the approach taken by Bowstead or Lewison, given
that both textbooks are in agreement that extrinsic evidence cannot be used to
delete an apparent contracting party.

48 This position is also reinforced by the House of Lords decision of Shogun
Finance Ltd v Hudson [2004] 1 AC 919 (“Shogun Finance”). In that case, a car
dealer agreed to sell a car on hire-purchase to a fraudster who falsely
claimed to be the person named in the driving license which he produced. The
claimant hire-purchase company approved of the sale upon completing
satisfactory credit checks on the person named on the driving license. The
hire-purchase agreement was subsequently concluded, with the “hirer” on the
agreement identified as the person named on the driving license. The fraudster
took possession of the car, and subsequently sold it to the defendant, who
purchased it in good faith. The claimant thereafter brought the suit to claim
the return of the car from the defendant.

49 A majority of the House of Lords found in favour of the claimant, on the
basis that the fraudster never had good title to the car, and hence could not
have passed good title to the defendant. In reaching that conclusion, the
majority held that the agreement should be construed based on what was
expressly stated in the hire-purchase agreement. The purported contract
between the fraudster and the claimant was constituted by the hire-purchase
agreement, under which the hirer was stated to be the person named on the
driving license, and not the fraudster. Extrinsic evidence could not be
adduced to contradict the terms of the written agreement so as to find that
the fraudster had been the true hirer, instead of the person named on the
driving license. Accordingly, title to the car was never transferred to the
fraudster.

50 There is no ambiguity in the Contract in the present case. The defendant
was signatory to the Purchase Order without qualification or equivocation.
Accordingly, no extrinsic evidence is admissible to relieve it of liability
under the Contract. I therefore answer the second issue in the negative.

The equivocality of the 17 September Email

51 I would add that even if I had found that extrinsic evidence was
admissible, I do not think that the 17 September Email is sufficient to prove
that the plaintiff had absolved itself of liability under the Contract. It is
true that the defendant had copied Dragon in the 17 September Email. The Email
also quoted Dragon’s earlier email to the defendant, where Dragon had
instructed the defendant to procure marine warranty surveys for the Rigs, and
to keep them “in the loop”. All that this demonstrates, is that the plaintiff
should have known of Dragon’s existence, and that they were the ones
instructing the defendant to procure services from the plaintiff. It does not,
however, go as far as to demonstrate that the plaintiff must have known that
they were contracting with Dragon as opposed to the defendant.

52 The more reasonable interpretation that the plaintiff would have taken was
that the defendant would personally procure the marine warranty survey
services from the plaintiff, and subsequently seek a reimbursement of the cost
from Dragon. This arrangement was in fact borne out on the evidence, as seen
from how the defendant invoiced Dragon for the fees charged by the plaintiff
plus an additional 10% service charge (see [18] above). Furthermore, payment
for the First Invoice was made by the defendant directly from their own bank
account (see [17] above). Therefore, even if I had allowed extrinsic evidence
to be adduced, the 17 September Email is equivocal at best, and it does not
bring the defendant’s case very far.

Issue 3: whether Dragon’s subsequent ratification of the Contract absolves the
defendant of liability

53 In its closing submissions, the defendant relies on the email dated 20
April 2014 (see [22] above), in which they were instructed by Dragon to
request the plaintiff to forward the invoices for the services rendered
directly to Dragon, to demonstrate that Dragon had ratified the Contract. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, pp 28–29.

Hence, the argues that Dragon should held liable under the Contract. In my
view, this is a misapplication of the doctrine of ratification.

54 It is trite law that ratification is used when a principal wishes to take
the benefit of an unauthorised act done by his or her agent. Ratification
allows the principal to retrospectively clothe the agent with authority, such
that the agent is taken to have been authorised from the outset (see The Law
of Agency at para 06.004).

55 The defendant’s case has never been that it lacked authority to enter the
Contract on behalf of Dragon. Neither has the plaintiff sought to argue that
the defendant lacked authority to contract on behalf of Dragon. On the
contrary, the defendant’s entire defence is predicated on the assertion that
they have always had actual authority to contract with the plaintiff on behalf
of Dragon. Therefore, even if I accept that Dragon had validly ratified the
Contract, thereby clothing the defendant with actual authority to act on its
behalf, the question would still remain whether the defendant had made it
sufficiently clear in the written documents that it did not intend to be
personally liable under the Contract. For the reasons already stated above, I
find that the written documents constituting the Contract unequivocally
demonstrate that the defendant had entered into the agreement with the
plaintiff in its own personal capacity. Accordingly, my decision remains
unchanged.

Interest payable by the defendant

56 There is one final issue that I have to address, that being the interest
payable by the defendant on the unpaid invoices. The parties do not dispute
that the plaintiff’s Standard Terms form part of the Contract. Therefore,
clause 5.2 of the plaintiff’s Standard Terms is relevant. It states:

5.2 Payment of fees are due within 30 (thirty) days of the invoice date.
Company reserves the right to charge interest at a rate of 1% per month on
invoices remaining unpaid after 30 (thirty) days.

57 However, the Purchase Order, which was sent subsequent to the plaintiff’s
Standard Terms and duly acknowledged by the plaintiff, provides for payment
terms of 90 days instead. In my view, this represented a valid counteroffer
from the defendant and it was accepted by the plaintiff. However, given that
no counteroffer was made with regard to the interest that would be charged
after the expiry of the payment period, the interest rate as provided for in
clause 5.2 should still stand. Accordingly, interest on the unpaid invoices
should be calculated at 1% of the invoiced sum per month that the invoice
remains unpaid, with time to start running 90 days after the issuance of the
relevant invoice. Indeed, the plaintiff had used these figures in the
calculation of the interest payable. I would therefore allow the plaintiff’s
claim for interest in full, in the amount of USD 52,051.02.

Conclusion

58 In conclusion, I find the defendant liable under the Contract. I therefore
allow the plaintiff’s claim for USD 130,642.33, that being the total sum due
under the Second, Third and Fourth Invoices together with interest amounting
to USD 52,051.02. I will hear parties on costs.

Andrew Ang  
Judge

Liow Wang Wu Joseph and Jerrie Tan Qiu Lin (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the
plaintiff;  
Anand S/O Thiagarajan (M P Kanisan & Partners) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

