Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 153

Originating Summons No 96 of 2018

(Registrar’s Appeal No 99 of 2018)

Between

| Ling Kong Henry  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Tanglin Club  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Arbitration] — [Agreement] — [Scope]

[Arbitration] — [Stay of court proceedings] — [Court’s discretion under the
Arbitration Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ling Kong Henry

  

v

  

Tanglin Club

[2018] SGHC 153

High Court — Originating Summons No 96 of 2018 (Registrar’s Appeal No 99 of
2018)  
Valerie Thean J  
24 April 2018

3 July 2018

Valerie Thean J:

Introduction

1 The defendant, Tanglin Club (“the Club”), is a social club registered under
the Societies Act (Cap 311, 2014 Rev Ed) (“Societies Act”). The plaintiff, Mr
Henry Kong Ling (“Mr Ling”), has been a member of the club since 1992. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Mr Ling’s affidavit dated 22 January 2018 at para 4.

2 The Club’s Rules make provision for disciplinary action to be taken upon
complaint by members. The same Rules also contain a dispute resolution clause
dealing with disputes for which no express provision in the Rules has been
made. Pursuant to certain complaints in February 2017, the Club took
disciplinary proceedings against Mr Ling, which concluded with a written
reprimand to him on 31 August 2017. Mr Ling thereafter filed this originating
summons on 19 January 2018 for, inter alia, a declaration that the Club had
breached the rules of natural justice and fairness in its conduct of the
disciplinary proceedings. He also sought various consequential reliefs,
including damages for humiliation, embarrassment, mental distress and the
deprivation of his rights as a member.

3 On 2 February 2018, the Club then filed an application for Mr Ling’s claim
to be stayed under s 6 of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed)
(“Arbitration Act”), on the ground that its Rules contain an agreement to
arbitrate Mr Ling’s dispute. This application was dismissed by an Assistant
Registrar on 28 March 2018. I allowed the Club’s appeal and granted the stay
requested on 24 April 2018. Mr Ling has now appealed and I furnish the grounds
of my decision.

Background

4 The Club has a room on its fourth floor which was used by a group of about
30 members (“the Bridge Players”) and their guests for their weekly game of
bridge. The General Committee (“GC”), on which Mr Ling served three tenures,
from 2013–4, 2014–5, and most recently, 2016–7, took the view that the
arrangement was only temporary and repeatedly requested that the Bridge
Players vacate the room. They refused to do so. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Mr Ling’s affidavit dated 22 January 2018 at paras 22–25.

5 In or around February 2017, the Bridge Players requisitioned for a Special
General Meeting (“the SGM”), seeking a members’ resolution that the room
remain exclusively for card and board games and not be re-designated for other
purposes. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Mr Ling’s affidavit dated 22 January 2018 at para 27.

Prior to the SGM, Mr Ling sent several WhatsApp messages and emails to some
club members, urging them to vote against the Bridge Players’ resolution. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Mr Ling’s affidavit dated 22 January 2018 at paras 33–34.

In those messages and emails, Mr Ling made comments such as:

(a) “We cannot allow anarchy to brew and fester on our watch”; 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Mr Ling’s affidavit dated 22 January 2018 at p 18.

(b) “That is why we must take action now, and take strong stance on violators.
Use the club rules to favour and save this club from falling into anarchy”; 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Mr Ling’s affidavit dated 22 January 2018 at p 19.

(c) “If you do not wish to see our club into anarchy, come to the SGM and vote
against their requisition”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

The Club’s written submissions dated 20 April 2018 at para 5; Mr Ling’s
affidavit dated 22 January 2018 at p 290.

6 The SGM was held on 15 March 2017, where the Bridge Players failed to secure
a majority of votes for their proposed resolution. As a result, they had to
vacate the Level 4 Room. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Mr Ling’s affidavit dated 22 January 2018 at para 35.

7 Subsequently, some members wrote emails and letters to the General Manager
of the Club to complain that Mr Ling’s messages were “shockingly
disrespectful”, “unkind”, “insulting” and in “very bad taste”. Particular
objection was taken against Mr Ling’s use of the word “anarchy” when referring
to the conduct of the Bridge Players. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Mr Ling’s affidavit dated 22 January 2018 at pp 283, 284, 285, 287, 288.

8 In accordance with Rule 26 of the Club’s Rules, the complaints were
considered by the General Manager who prepared a report (“the GM Report”) for
the Membership and Rules Sub-Committee (“MRSC”), which recommended that an
Inquiry Sub-Committee (“ISC”) be convened. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Mr Ling’s affidavit dated 22 January 2018 at para 43; Mr Ling’s written
submissions at para 14.

Subsequently after consideration of a report prepared by the ISC, the GC
issued a letter of reprimand to Mr Ling on 31 August 2017. The letter stated
that, while there was a breach of the Rules by sending offensive and
disrespectful emails and messages, it was determined that such behaviour did
not constitute a serious breach, and no further disciplinary action was to be
taken. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Mr Ling’s affidavit dated 22 January 2018 at pp 351–352.

Legal context, arguments and issues

9 The Club premised its stay application on s 6 of the Arbitration Act, which
reads:

Stay of legal proceedings

6.—(1) Where any party to an arbitration agreement institutes any proceedings
in any court against any other party to the agreement in respect of any matter
which is the subject of the agreement, any party to the agreement may, at any
time after appearance and before delivering any pleading or taking any other
step in the proceedings, apply to that court to stay the proceedings so far as
the proceedings relate to that matter.

(2) The court to which an application has been made in accordance with
subsection (1) may, if the court is satisfied that —

(a) there is no sufficient reason why the matter should not be referred in
accordance with the arbitration agreement; and

(b) the applicant was, at the time when the proceedings were commenced, and
still remains, ready and willing to do all things necessary to the proper
conduct of the arbitration,

make an order, upon such terms as the court thinks fit, staying the
proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to that matter.

…

10 Sections 6(1) and (2) of the Arbitration Act set out the following
requirements for a stay to be ordered:

(a) The subject matter of the court proceedings must be the subject of the
arbitration agreement;

(b) The party seeking the stay must not have delivered any pleading or taken
any step in the proceedings;

(c) There are no sufficient reasons why court proceedings should not be
stayed; and

(d) The party seeking the stay must be ready and willing to do all things
necessary to the proper conduct of the arbitration.

11 The arbitration clause that lies at the heart of this application, Rule
45B, is reproduced at [16] below. In the present case, (b) and (d) were not in
dispute. In relation to (a), the plaintiff premised his case on the words “for
which express provision has not been made in these Rules” found in Rule
45B(i). Mr Ling submitted that since disciplinary proceedings under Rule 26
have been convened against him , Rule 45B would not be applicable because the
latter “clearly excludes its own operation if proceedings under other rules
have been invoked”. Mr Ling argued, therefore, that his claim did not fall
within the scope of the arbitration clause (ie, Rule 45B). Furthermore, Rule
45B contains neither an appellate or review process for issues arising for
disciplinary proceedings commenced under Rule 26. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Mr Ling’s written submissions at paras 53–68.

. As for the requirement set out in (c), the plaintiff submitted that the
court should refuse a stay to “ensure the observance of the due process of law
and procedural fairness”. He alleged that the disciplinary proceedings were
instituted against him for “political” reasons, and had caused him
“embarrassment, humiliation, pain and suffering”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Mr Ling’s written submissions at paras 69–85.

It was also contended that as a matter of public policy, only the courts may
determine issues arising from breaches of the rules of natural justice. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Mr Ling’s written submissions at paras 86–102.

Counsel clarified at the hearing that it was not Mr Ling’s case that the
dispute was not arbitrable. Instead, this argument went towards justifying his
submission that the court should exercise its discretion to refuse a stay.

12 The Club, on the other hand, submitted that the scope of the dispute
resolution provision is broad and covers both matters addressed and not yet
addressed by the Rules. It could not be correct that Rule 45B only covers
matters not addressed by the Rules, because that interpretation would render
the phrase “any matter dealt with in the Rules” in Rule 45B otiose.
Furthermore, it would make little sense for Rule 45B(i) to exclude matters
concerning disciplinary proceeding because many disputes involving social
clubs revolve around the conduct of such proceedings. Additionally, the Club
submitted that Mr Ling’s grievances cannot be dealt with under Rule 26 because
disciplinary proceedings have already been concluded. Therefore, even if Mr
Ling were correct that Rule 45B(i) only covers matters which are not addressed
by any other Rule, the dispute would still fall under Rule 45B, there being no
other Rule through which Mr Ling may be granted the remedies which he sought.
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

The Club’s written submissions at paras 51–67.

As for whether the court should otherwise refuse a stay, the Club emphasised
that the court would only so refuse in exceptional cases. These circumstances
did not exist because Mr Ling was contractually obliged to follow the
procedure established in Rule 45B. Rule 45B is capable of being performed,
notwithstanding any procedural irregularities. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

The Club’s written submissions at paras 72–102.

13 At first instance, the Assistant Registrar agreed with Mr Ling that Rule
45B was not engaged where a dispute arises over the conduct of disciplinary
proceedings under Rule 26. He dismissed the Club’s application.

14 On appeal, the following issues arose for consideration:

(a) Is there an agreement to arbitrate within the meaning of s 6 of the
Arbitration Act?

(b) If so, does the dispute at hand engage the agreement to arbitrate?

(c) And, if s 6 of the Arbitration Act applies, are there sufficient reasons
for refusing a stay of court proceedings?

15 For reasons that I explain below, I was satisfied that Rule 45B is an
agreement to arbitrate and that the dispute in the present case engages Rule
45B. As there was no reason to exercise my discretion to refuse a stay against
the procedures set out in Rule 45B, I granted a stay pursuant to s 6 of the
Arbitration Act.

Is Rule 45B an agreement to arbitrate?

16 The Rules form a contractual basis for the relationship between the Club
and its members. As made clear by Kay Swee Pin v Singapore Island Country Club
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 802 at [2], “[t]he legal relationship between any club and its
members lies in contract, and the rights of members are determined by the
terms of the contract, which are found in the constitution or the rules of the
club”. In this connection, Rule 45B provides:

45B(i) Where a dispute or question arises between the Club and a member or
between a member and a member (hereinafter referred to as “the Parties”)
touching on any matter dealt with in these Rules, any matter of the Club or
arising out of such matter, for which express provision has not been made in
these Rules, the Parties shall resolve such dispute or question in accordance
with this Rule and the Club and any member involved shall not take any steps
in relation to such dispute or question save as is specifically provided
herein.

45B(ii) Such dispute or question shall be first referred by the Committee or
the member raising the dispute or question, to the General Manager by notice
in writing for conciliation. Conciliation will be carried out by such
conciliator or conciliators appointed by the Conciliation, Mediation and
Arbitration Board (“Board”), in accordance with such procedure prescribed in
the Bye Laws of the Club. The General Manager shall initiate the conciliation
procedure within seven (7) days of receipt of the said notice and such
conciliation procedure shall be concluded within fourteen (14) days after
initiation, unless the parties to the dispute or question agree on any
extension of time.

45B(iii) If the dispute or question is not resolved through conciliation, the
dispute or question shall be immediately referred to mediation. Mediation will
be carried out by such mediator or mediators appointed by the Board, in
accordance with such procedure prescribed in the Bye Laws of the Club. The
General Manager shall initiate the mediation procedure within seven (7) days
of being notified that the dispute or question has not been resolved by
conciliation. The mediation procedure shall be concluded within thirty (30)
days after initiation, unless the parties to the dispute or question agree on
any extension of time.

45B(iv) If the dispute or question is not resolved through mediation, the
dispute or question shall be immediately referred to arbitration. Arbitration
will be carried out by such arbitrator or arbitrators appointed by the Board
in accordance with such procedure prescribed in the Bye Laws of the Club.

…

[emphasis added]

17 The starting inquiry to the present application under s 6 of the
Arbitration Act would necessarily be the question of whether Rule 45B is an
agreement to arbitrate. Section 4(1) of the Arbitration Act defines an
arbitration agreement as one where “parties [agree to] to submit to
arbitration all or certain disputes which have arisen or which may arise
between them in respect of a defined legal relationship”.

18 Unlike typical arbitration agreements where parties agree to directly
proceed to arbitration if a dispute should arise, Rule 45B employs a multi-
tier dispute resolution mechanism: first by way of conciliation, followed by
mediation, and then finally, arbitration. While Mr Ling did not contend that
Rule 45B was not an agreement to arbitrate, it was nonetheless important to
consider if this was an arbitration clause within the meaning of s 4 of the
Arbitration Act, as this is a foundational step to the application of the
Arbitration Act.

19 There appears to be some debate as to whether a multi-tier dispute
resolution clause constitutes an agreement to arbitrate. This debate can be
explained from two conceptual perspectives. The first perspective is that the
entire multi-tier dispute resolution clause is an agreement to arbitrate. The
obligation to arbitrate, however, is only invoked when the preconditions to
the commencement of arbitration have been fulfilled. The second perspective is
that there is no agreement to arbitrate at the outset. Instead, the agreement
is limited to the first tier dispute resolution forum chosen by the parties.
The agreement to arbitrate only arises after the preconditions have been
exhausted.

20 The Club cited in support the case of Westco Airconditioning Ltd v Sui
Chong Construction & Engineering Co Ltd [1998] 1 HKC 254 (“Westco”). There,
the High Court of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region dealt with a
clause where there was a step preliminary to arbitration. The arbitration
clause in that case required parties first to refer the dispute to “the
architect”, and if either party was dissatisfied with the architect’s decision
or if the architect made no decision within 90 days, that party could require
the dispute to be referred to arbitration. Findlay J held that an agreement
which required parties to submit a dispute first to a pre-arbitral dispute
resolution procedure was nevertheless an arbitration agreement (at p 258):

An agreement that requires that the parties submit their disputes ultimately
to arbitration, although it may also require the parties in the first instance
to follow a procedure — such as, attempting an amicable settlement — is, to my
eyes, an arbitration agreement. A first instance procedure such as this is not
in any way inconsistent with the concept of arbitration ….

… It matters not … that the parties must, firstly, take some other step before
[proceeding to arbitration]. It cannot possibly have been the intention of the
parties that, if one of them issues a writ before that step is taken, their
joint wish to avoid proceedings at law is frustrated.

Findlay J was of the view that a clause requiring parties to ultimately submit
disputes to arbitration, regardless of any preconditions before the
commencement of arbitration, evinces an intention to avoid litigation and is
therefore, as a whole, to be regarded as an agreement to arbitrate. This is
essentially the first conceptual perspective I have mentioned above.

21 In arriving at his conclusion on whether the multi-tier dispute resolution
clause in question was an agreement to arbitrate, Findlay J discussed the
House of Lords’ decision in Channel Tunnel Group v Balfour Beatty Ltd [1993] 1
All ER 664 (“Channel Tunnel”), which concerned a clause requiring parties to
submit their disputes to a panel of experts before proceeding to have the
dispute heard by arbitrators. Findlay J read Lord Mustill’s speech in Channel
Tunnel as stating that multi-tier dispute resolution clauses do not
necessarily represent an agreement to arbitrate (at p 258):

Lord Mustill had some difficult in finding that the clause in the contract
with which he was concerned was ‘an arbitration agreement’. He said … that
there was ‘substantial force’ in the argument that it was not, but was an
agreement to submit the dispute to a panel of experts, ‘the arbitrators
providing no more than a contingent form of appeal’ …

On Findlay J’s reading of Channel Tunnel, it would appear that Lord Mustill
did not view the multi-tier dispute resolution clause in that case to be an
agreement to arbitrate as it was simply an agreement to submit disputes to a
panel of experts. In other words, the agreement was limited to the first tier
of the clause. This appears consistent with the second conceptual perspective
earlier canvassed.

22 Nevertheless, the seeming controversy surfaced in Westco must be viewed
with circumspection. Findlay J was essentially addressing a specific argument
made by counsel (at p 256):

The defendant has issued a summons seeking an order that all further
proceedings be stayed. It relies on s 6 [of the Hong Kong equivalent of the
Singapore Arbitration Act] …

…

One might have thought that was the beginning and end of the argument: the
plaintiff has brought before the court a matter concerning disputes that are
subject of an arbitration agreement, the defendant has requested that these be
referred to arbitration, and it is not obvious that the agreement is null and
void, inoperative or incapable of being performed. But Mr Lam argues that the
arbitration is subject to a condition precedent; that is, that, before the
matter may proceed to arbitration, the architect must decide the matter, or
the time for him to make a decision must have elapsed, neither of which has
happened. This means, says Mr Lam, that the arbitration is “inoperative”. My
initial reaction to this was that this was not a good argument. I thought that
the initial reference to the architect was part of the arbitration process,
and certainly not inconsistent with it. But Mr Lam, with his usual assiduity,
has found authority that supports what he says.

[emphasis added]

23 Findlay J’s reading of Channel Tunnel was based on counsel’s argument.
Caution should therefore be exercised in suggesting that Lord Mustill in
Channel Tunnel was of the view that the multi-tier dispute resolution clause
in question was not an agreement to arbitrate. The following extract makes
this clear (at p 353):

I first recall the words of the subsection:

If any party to an arbitration agreement … commences any legal proceedings …
in respect of any matter agreed to be referred … the court shall make an order
staying the proceedings.

Most of the argument on this subsection was confined to the words “an
arbitration agreement”. These words are not clear, and there is substantial
force in the submission that clause 67 [which was the multi-tier dispute
resolution clause in question] clause 67 is not … “an agreement … to submit to
arbitration present or future differences”, but an agreement to submit such
differences to resolution by a panel of experts, the arbitrators providing no
more than a contingent form of appeal … Whilst acknowledging the force of this
argument, if the words of the section were the only source of uncertainly I
would have been prepared without undue difficulty to hold that clause 67 is
“an arbitration agreement”.

[emphasis added]

24 Lord Mustill was describing an argument (ie, that clause 67 was merely an
agreement to submit the dispute to a panel of experts and not arbitrators) as
forceful. However, while he acknowledged the force of the argument, he would
have “been prepared without undue difficulty to hold that clause 67 is ‘an
arbitration agreement’”. As Professor Born in Gary Born, International
Commercial Arbitration (Kluwer Law International, 2nd Ed, 2014) at pp 279–280
stated: “in [Channel Tunnel], the House of Lords held, ‘without undue
difficulty,’ that a clause providing for referral of disputes to three
independent experts, followed by an appeal to an arbitral tribunal,
constituted an arbitration agreement”. Hence, contrary to any perceived
differences in how multi-tier dispute resolution clauses are to be regarded,
the English and Hong Kong authorities speak with one voice – that such clauses
constitute agreements to arbitrate. This is consistent with Wilson Taylor Asia
Pacific v Dyna-Jet Pte Ltd [2017] 2 SLR 362 where it was conceded in the Court
of Appeal that a clause which only entitled one party to compel arbitration
and made arbitration of a future dispute optional, instead of placing the
parties under an immediate obligation to arbitrate their disputes, would
constitute, as found by the High Court, an agreement to arbitrate: at [13]. In
International Research Corp PLC v Lufthansa Systems Asia Pacific Pte Ltd and
another [2014] 1 SLR 130, where no objection was taken was taken to a multi-
tier dispute resolution clause save on grounds of certainty, the Court of
Appeal did not appear to regard the clause in question as anything other than
an agreement to arbitrate: at [54].

25 A dispute resolution clause is essentially an expression of the parties’
agreement on the forum (or fora) to have a matter resolved. If the clause
seeks to avoid dispute resolution in a court setting by ultimately having a
matter proceed to arbitration, this intention ought to be upheld. The object
is to give full effect to parties’ agreement. This must apply with equal force
to clauses which include conciliatory steps as a preface. I mention, in this
context, another aspect of Channel Tunnel different from that highlighted
above. Lord Mustill’s primary reason for the stay in the case was based on the
inherent jurisdiction of the English courts to stay proceedings brought before
it in breach of an agreement to decide disputes in some other way other than
in court proceedings (see 352B). In explaining, Lord Mustill cited the
judgment of MacKinnon J in Racecourse Betting Control Board v Secretary for
Air [1944] Ch 114 at p 126 where he stated: “the court makes people abide by
their contracts”. It is this respect for party autonomy in contractual
relations that is the cornerstone underlying judicial non-intervention in
arbitration: see also Tjong Very Sumito and others v Antig Investments Pte Ltd
[2009] 4 SLR(R) 732 (“Tjong Very Sumito”) at [28]. And the same policy
rationale is seen in the provisions allowing for a stay for mediation under s
8 of the Mediation Act 2017 (No 1 of 2017). Party autonomy is fundamental when
the court is seeking to enforce contractual obligations, because the premise
of the court’s intervention lies in the bargain struck between parties.

26 I found, accordingly, that Rule 45B was an agreement to arbitrate, even
though conciliation and mediation were preconditions to arbitration.

Is Rule 45B applicable to the dispute?

27 Mr Ling’s primary argument was that there was no “dispute or question
[arising] between the Club and a member … touching on any matter dealt with in
these Rules, any matter of the Club or arising out of such matter, for which
express provision has not been made in these Rules”, as required by Rule
45B(i).

28 First, is there any dispute? Mr Ling submitted that there is no dispute
because the disciplinary proceedings have “closed”. The Court of Appeal in
Tjong Very Sumito at [69(c)] stated: “the court will interpret the word
‘dispute’ broadly… and will readily find that a dispute exists unless the
defendant has unequivocally admitted that the claim is due and payable”
[emphasis in original]. In the present case, Mr Ling was clearly disputing how
the Club had conducted the disciplinary proceedings which concluded with a
written reprimand. The Club did not admit to Mr Ling’s allegations, but
instead “categorically contest[ed] any and all” of them. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Mr Wood’s affidavit dated 7 March 2018 at para 16.

There is therefore clearly a dispute between the Club and Mr Ling.

29 Given that there was a dispute, the crucial query, then, was whether the
dispute was on a matter touching on the Rules for which no other process was
already expressly provided by the Rules, as required by Rule 45B. Mr Ling’s
contention is that the dispute was governed by Rule 26, and therefore, Rule
45B was not applicable. “[E]xpress provision”, he says, has been made by the
Rules. I disagree with Mr Ling’s contention. It cannot be said that Rule 26
expressly deals with the dispute at hand such that Rule 45B would be rendered
inapplicable. This is so for three reasons.

30 The first arises from a textual analysis of Rules 26 and 45B. Rule 45B has
been set out previously at [16]. The relevant part of Rule 26 used by the GC
in constituting the ISC is as follows:

Inquiry Sub-Committee

26(v) Inquiry Sub-Committee

(a) The Committee may at any time appoint an Inquiry Sub-Committee to inquire
into any alleged infringement of the Rules or Bye-laws of the Club or any
behaviour or action considered unacceptable and or inappropriate to the Club,
for which it is not immediately apparent that disciplinary action needs to be
taken. Its aim shall be to determine the facts.

(b) The Sub-Committee shall consists of three or more members, at least one of
whom must be a Committee Member. The Chairman shall be a Committee Member. No
member or Committee Member with a personal involvement in the matter inquired
into may be a member of the Inquiry Sub-Committee.

(c) The Sub-Committee shall report is findings to the Committee, which will
decide whether any further action is required.

31 It is not disputed that the disciplinary proceedings against Mr Ling were
commenced, and dealt with, pursuant to Rule 26. It is equally clear that Rule
26 does not deal with any dispute that arises after the conclusion of such
disciplinary proceedings. In the present case, the matter had been dealt with
and a reprimand administered. From the Club’s point of view, Rule 26 had been
utilised, and was no longer in play. Rule 26 only spells out the manner of
conduct of disciplinary proceedings, and does not include any procedure for
challenging the findings of the ISC or the GC. As Mr Ling himself pointed out,
there is no rule that provides for appeal or review after the completion of
disciplinary proceedings. Mr Ling sought to challenge the disciplinary
proceedings, and Rule 26 does not provide a process for him to do so. Rule 26
also does not contemplate the reliefs sought by Mr Ling, which include
declarations, the setting aside of the Club’s decision that he had breached
its Rules and Bye-Laws, as well as damages. Thus, it cannot be said that Mr
Ling’s dispute with the Club over the conduct of disciplinary proceedings has
been expressly provided for by the Rules.

32 Secondly, although no provision has been made for appeal or review,
disputes, such as the present, arising out of concluded disciplinary
proceedings must have been well within the contemplation of the drafters of
Rule 45B. I turn, in this context, to a transcript of the Club’s Special
General Meeting on 14 January 2013, where the Club’s then legal advisor, Mr N.
Sreenivasan S.C. was questioned on the drafting intent of the draft Rules.
Extrinsic evidence of the surrounding circumstances accompanying the
conclusion of a contract may be admitted, even in the absence of any
ambiguity, to aid in the exercise of the interpretation (as distinguished from
the contradiction, variation, addition or subtraction) of the expressions used
by the parties: see s 94(f) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed), Zurich
Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd
[2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“Zurich Insurance”) at [132(c)] and more recently, Yap
Son On v Ding Pei Zhen [2017] 1 SLR 219 at [41].

33 Both parties relied on different aspects of the transcript. The Club relied
on the following: 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Peter Wood’s affidavit dated 7 March 2018 at p 49.

Mr N Sreenivasan: Okay, on your point about disciplinary proceedings are
specifically provided under – in the existing Club rules, under rule 26. And
disciplinary proceedings provide for suspension and expulsion and inquiry and
so on and so forth. That has not been touched.

What it means is that if member slaps member, and the Club wants to suspend or
expel the member, that's done under the disciplinary provisions. If you want
to sue the member for slapping you, in -- within the ambit of these rules,
then you go by the procedure set out in 45(b).

The writ given was to take club disputes to be done by way of conciliation,
mediation, arbitration and to keep it out of court ...

34 Mr Ling relied on the following: 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Peter Wood’s affidavit dated 7 March 2018 at pp 49–50.

Ms Angela Loke: … My point is there is a conflict in terms of what is
considered as any matter dealt with, which should also include disciplinary
matters, because it doesn’t specifically exclude that, it is inclusive in this
statement. And we know that legally, when we go to court, every word in the
rules mean something.

Mr N Sreenivasan: I thought it says touching – the: “45(b) applies to any
matter touching on any matter dealt with or in these rules any matter of the
Club or arising out of such matter for which express provision has not been
made.

So if express provision has been made, it’s dealt with under those –

Ms Angela Loke: What –

Mr N Sreenivasan: If it is not made, it’s dealt with under here.

…

Ms Angela Loke: Can we ask where those expression provision are in the rules?

Mr N Sreenivasan: You have express provision for disciplinary proceedings.

Ms Angela Loke: Yes.

Mr N Sreenivasan: And there are no other express provisions in the rules.

Ms Angela Loke: Exactly.

Mr N Sreenivasan: For any other form of dispute resolution, so everything else
is caught under 45(b).

35 While neither exchange deals with the precise scenario at hand, there is
some value in the transcript. In the earlier extract used by the Club, Mr
Sreenivasan explained the difference between disciplinary proceedings and
private disputes between two members. Clearly Rule 26 applied to the former
and Rule 45B to the latter situation. In the later extract used by the
plaintiff, Mr Sreenivasan explained that express provision has been made for
disciplinary proceedings and thus disciplinary proceedings must be dealt with
under Rule 26. What this case presents is a dispute that has arisen after the
conclusion of disciplinary proceedings. No express provision has been made for
such disputes. Therefore, it is a dispute touching on disciplinary proceedings
for which no express provision is made by Rule 26. Significantly, Mr
Sreenivasan ended off the exchange by stating that “everything else is caught
under [Rule 45B]”. It follows then, that reading Rule 45B to cover the present
case, as a dispute that touches on the Rules but is not expressly provided
for, is consistent with his explanation.

36 Third, a broad reading of the ambit of Rule 45B is consonant with the
purposes of the drafters of the Rules. In Zurich Insurance, the Court of
Appeal endorsed the view, at [131], that the court in interpreting contracts
will “have regard to … why a particular obligation was undertaken”. The
purpose of the amendments was summarised by Mr Sreenivasan as “to cut down
disputes, reduce the cost for the Club, and to keep things out of court as far
as possible”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Peter Wood’s affidavit dated 7 March 2018 at p 47.

A reading of Rule 45B to include disputes arising out of Rule 26 reasonably
puts into effect this object.

The court’s discretion to refuse a stay

37 It was not disputed that under s 6(2)(a) of the Arbitration Act, the courts
retain a discretion to refuse a stay of proceedings in favour of arbitration.
In contrast, a stay is mandatory under s 6 of the International Arbitration
Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”). The Court of Appeal recognised this
difference in Tjong Very Sumito at [31], where it explained that “the regimes
for international and domestic arbitrations remain bifurcated and are governed
by distinct statutory regimes”. Significantly, the court went on to hold that
even though “the courts here do have a somewhat wider role and broader
judicial latitude in domestic arbitration; … this is to be exercised in a
guarded manner” [emphasis added]. Two cases decided under the Arbitration Act
explain further.

38 The first is Soh Beng Tee & Co v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd [2007] 3
SLR(R) 86 (“Soh Beng Tee”), where the Court of Appeal clarified that the
judicial approach to both the Arbitration Act and the IAA should not diverge
too widely (at [61]):

… Parliament intended that the [Arbitration Act] should largely mirror the IAA
and international practices reflected in the Model Law save that the courts
have been vested with more supervisory powers in the case of domestic
arbitrations…

39 The Court of Appeal explained that the policy considerations which
undergird both regimes are broadly similar. The first is “to support
arbitration as a ‘useful and efficient alternative dispute resolution …
process to settle commercial disputes’”. The court recognised that
“[a]ggressive judicial intervention can only result in the prolonging of the
arbitral process and encourage myriad unmeritorious challenges to arbitral
award by dissatisfied parties”: Soh Beng Tee at [62]. The second consideration
is to “preserve party autonomy” by giving full effect to the parties’
agreement to arbitrate: Soh Beng Tee at [98].

40 The point on party autonomy was further elaborated by Steven Chong J in
Maybank Kim Eng Securities Pte Ltd v Lim Keng Yong and another [2016] 3 SLR
431, also a case decided under the Arbitration Act. Chong J cited Tomolugen
Holdings Ltd v Silica Investors Ltd [2016] 1 SLR 373 (“Tomolugen Holdings”) at
[21] for the following propositions:

… We recognise that a plaintiff’s right to sue whoever he wants and where he
wants is a fundamental one. But, that right is not absolute. It is restrained
only to a modest extent when the plaintiff’s claim is stayed temporarily
pending the resolution of a related arbitration, as opposed to when the
plaintiff’s claim is shut out in its entirety... In appropriate cases, that
right may be curtailed or may even be regarded as subsidiary to holding the
plaintiff to his obligation to arbitrate where he has agreed to do so…

… The court must in every case aim to strike a balance between three higher-
order concerns that may pull in different considerations: first, a plaintiff’s
right to choose whom he wants to sue and where; second, the court’s desire to
prevent a plaintiff from circumventing the operation of an arbitration clause;
and third, the court’s inherent power to manage its processes to prevent an
abuse of process and ensure the efficient and fair resolution of disputes. The
balance that is struck must ultimately serve the ends of justice…

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added]

41 Whilst recognising that Tomulugen Holdings was decided under the IAA, Chong
J held at [22]–[23] that these principles “clearly” apply to an arbitration
governed by the Arbitration Act. Thus, even though the court’s power to grant
a stay under s 6 of the Arbitration Act is discretionary, the burden is on the
plaintiff to “show sufficient reason why the matter should not be referred to
arbitration”, and “[a]ssuming the applicant is ready and willing to arbitrate,
the court will only refuse a stay in exceptional cases” [emphasis added]. Such
an approach is “in line with the desirability of holding the parties to their
agreement, as well as Singapore’s strong policy in favour of arbitration”.

42 Were there any exceptional reasons here? Mr Ling relied on three arguments
in attempting to show exceptional reasons: first, that the Societies Act
mandated the court’s intervention; second, that there were technical
impediments to the use of Rule 45B; and third, reasons of natural justice. I
deal with these in turn.

Societies Act

43 I deal first with the arguments in respect of s 35(2) of the Societies Act,
which provides:

(2) In the event of any dispute arising among the members of the governing
body or the members of the society, the adjustment of its affairs shall be
referred to the High Court, and the Court shall make such order in the matter
as it thinks fit.

[emphasis added]

44 Mr Ling submitted that this provision makes it mandatory for disputes
involving registered societies to be referred to the High Court instead of
arbitration. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Mr Ling’s written submissions at paras 89–90.

And because it is not disputed that the Club is registered under the Societies
Act, he submitted that his dispute cannot be resolved by an arbitrator. Mr
Ling was unable to locate the purpose behind this provision from the relevant
parliamentary debates, and neither have any local cases applied the provision.
The Club was of the view, nevertheless, that on its face the provision did not
compel the court to exercise its discretion to refuse a stay. I agreed with
this view. The subject matter of the court’s jurisdiction under the section is
“the adjustment” of a society’s affairs. Such “adjustment of its affairs”
would imply wider issues of its constitution or property holding. The
originating summons did not concern the wider affairs of the Club, but merely
a private dispute between a member and the Club, brought by a member
dissatisfied with concluded disciplinary proceedings regarding the conduct of
a single member.

45 Further, the history of the provision shows that s 35(2) of the Societies
Act is not intended to apply to the dispute at hand. Prior to 28 February
2014, s 35 of the Societies Act (Cap 311, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the 1985 Act”) did
not comprise sub-sections (1) and (2). It contained sub-sections (a) to (h),
which read:

Provisions applicable to registered societies

35. The following provisions shall apply to all registered societies:

(a) the movable property of a society, if not vested in trustees, shall be
deemed to be vested for the time being in the governing body of the society,
and in all proceedings civil and criminal may be described as the property of
the governing body of the society by their proper title;

(b) every such society may sue or be sued in the name in which it was
registered under this Act;

(c) a writ of summons or other legal process may be served on a society by
serving it on an officer of the society, or by leaving it at, or sending it by
registered post to, the registered address of the society;

(d) except as otherwise provided in section 36, no judgment in any suit
against a registered society shall be put into force against the person or
property of any officer or member of the society but only against the property
of the society;

(e) any member who is in arrears of subscriptions which, according to the
rules of the society, he is bound to pay, or who takes possession or detains
any property of the society contrary to those rules, or who injures or
destroys any property of the society, may be sued for the arrears or for the
damage accruing from his wrongful possession, detention, injury or destruction
of that property by and in the name of the society;

(f) any member of the society who steals, purloins or embezzles any money or
other property, or wilfully and maliciously destroys or injures any property
of the society, or forges any deed, bond, security for money, receipt or other
instrument whereby the funds of the society may be exposed to loss, shall be
subject to the same prosecution, and, if convicted, shall be liable to be
punished in like manner as any person, not a member, would be subject and
liable to in respect of the like offence;

(g) in the absence of any specific provision in the rules of a society any
number not less than three-fifths of the members for the time being resident
in Singapore of the society may determine that it shall be dissolved
forthwith, or at a time agreed upon, and all necessary steps shall be taken
for the disposal and settlement of the property of the society and its claims
and liabilities according to the rules of the society applicable thereto, and
if none, then as the governing body finds expedient:

Provided that in the event of any dispute arising among the members of the
governing body or the members of the society, the adjustment of its affairs
shall be referred to the High Court, and the Court shall make such order in
the matter as it thinks fit;

(h) no society shall be dissolved unless three-fifths of the members so
resident as aforesaid have expressed a wish for such dissolution by their
votes delivered in person or by proxy at a general meeting convened for the
purpose.

[emphasis added]

46 It is clear from the above that s 35(2) as is presently enacted was merely
a proviso to s 35(g) in the 1985 Act, and only applied where a registered
society was in the midst of dissolution.

47 In February 2014, s 35 was enacted as follows:

Provisions applicable to registered societies

35.—(1) The following provisions shall apply to all registered societies:

… [(a) to (f) in the same terms as [45] above] …

(g) subject to subsection (2), in the absence of any specific provision in the
rules of a society, any number not less than three-fifths of the members of
the society for the time being resident in Singapore may determine that it
shall be dissolved forthwith, or at a time agreed upon, and all necessary
steps shall be taken for the disposal and settlement of the property of the
society and its claims and liabilities according to the rules of the society
applicable thereto, and if none, then as the governing body finds expedient;

… [(h) in the same terms as [45] above] …

(2) In the event of any dispute arising among the members of the governing
body or the members of the society, the adjustment of its affairs shall be
referred to the High Court, and the Court shall make such order in the matter
as it thinks fit.

48 Section 35(2), which is relied upon by Mr Ling, became an independent sub-
section, and now appears to apply to “any dispute”. Nevertheless, it is
important to note that (g) states at its commencement, “subject to subsection
(2)”. In my judgment, subsection (2) remained only relevant to subsection
(1)(g). This is supported by the fact that the 2014 amendment to s 35 of the
1985 Act was not effected by Parliament through primary legislation, but was
an editorial revision by the Law Revision Commissioners in 2014. This is
evident in Comparative Table in the Societies Act which states:

The following provision in the 1985 Revised Edition of the Societies Act has
been renumbered by the Law Revision Commissioners in the 2014 Revised Edition.

This Comparative Table is provided for the convenience of users. It is not
part of the Societies Act.

2014 Ed.| 1985 Ed.  
---|---  
35–(1) and (2)| 35  
  
49 Section 4 of the Revised Edition of the Laws Act (Cap 275, 1995 Rev Ed)
(“RELA”) sets out the powers of the Law Revision Commissioners. Such powers
are generally limited to clerical or editorial (ie, non-substantive)
amendments to Acts of Parliament. Section 4(1)(l) of the RELA, in particular,
specifies that the Law Revision Commissioners may only correct grammatical,
typographical and similar mistakes in any Act and the to make verbal
additions, omissions or alterations “not affecting the meaning of any Act”.

50 Of relevance is The Managing Committee of the Sengunthar Education Board
Erode by its President VVC Murugesa Mudaliar v SA Periswami and another [1964]
1 MLJ 272 (“Sengunthar Education Board”), a decision of the High Court of
Judicature at Madras. In that case, the court considered s 13 of the Societies
Registration Act (Act No 21 of 1860) (India), which is in pari materia to the
former s 35(g) of the 1985 Act. The court held that “the dispute referred to
[in s 13] has obviously reference only to a dispute arising in the process of
winding up of the society. This section has no application whatsoever to a
case where the society is not dissolved.”

51 It was clear, therefore, that the original Parliamentary intent of the
words relied upon by Mr Ling, as a proviso to s 35(g), applied only in the
adjustment of the affairs of a society on a dissolution by three-fourths of
its members. In the light of the Law Revision Commissioners’ powers under the
RELA, this intent remained the same. The Law Revision Commissioners further
made this clear by the addition of the first four words of the present
subsection (1)(g). Section 35(2) of the Societies Act does not mandate that
the dispute at hand be dealt with only by the High Court.

Technical impediments

52 Mr Ling further asserted that Rule 45B was incapable of being performed,
for two reasons. His first reason is that there is no Bye-Law governing the
appointment of conciliators, mediators, arbitrators and the procedures for
conciliation, mediation and arbitration. This reason is incorrect because Bye-
Law 42 states: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Mr Ling’s bundle of documents at p 91.

Rule 45B sets out the consultation, conciliation, mediation, arbitration and
legal proceedings provisions applicable to disputes or questions which arise
between the Club and a member or between a member and a member.

For information, a flowchart outlining the conciliation, mediation and
arbitration aspects of those procedures is attached as Appendix A to these
Bye-laws.

53 Appendix A consists of a flowchart setting out the timelines and procedures
for conciliation, mediation and arbitration. It also summarises, in point
form, those who are qualified to be appointed as members of the Board, as well
as conciliators, mediators, and arbitrators. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Mr Ling’s bundle of documents at p 92.

In any event, Bye-Law 42 refers to Rule 45B, which, as it says, sets out the
rules governing the appointment of conciliators, mediators and arbitrators
(Rule 45B(vii)) as well as the procedures for conciliation, mediation and
arbitration (Rule 45B(ii)–(iv)). A possible objection could be taken to the
paucity of details in Bye-Law 42. However, that would not be a sufficient
reason to refuse a stay. In this vein, the comments of the Court of Appeal in
Insigma Technology Co Ltd v Alstom Technology Ltd [2009] 3 SLR(R) 936
(“Insigma Technology”) are instructive:

31 …where parties have evinced a clear intention to settle any dispute by
arbitration, the court should give effect to such intention, even if certain
aspects of the agreement may be ambiguous, inconsistent, incomplete or lacking
in certain particulars… so long as the arbitration can be carried out without
prejudice to the rights of either party and so long as giving effect to such
intention does not result in an arbitration that is not within the
contemplation of either party…

34 … This approach to the interpretation of an arbitration agreement is
necessary to uphold the underlying and fundamental principle of party autonomy
as far as possible in the selection of the kind of arbitration and the terms
of the arbitration…

[emphasis added]

54 In any event, the absence of detailed procedural rules would not hamper the
conduct of the arbitration. This is because the arbitrator is, subject to any
procedure otherwise agreed between the parties, the “master of his own
procedure and has a wide discretionary power to conduct the arbitration
proceedings in the way he sees fit, so long as what he is doing is not
manifestly unfair or contrary to natural justice”: Anwar Siraj and another v
Ting Kang Chung and another [2003] 2 SLR(R) 287 at [41].

55 Mr Ling’s second reason for Rule 45B being incapable of being performed is
premised on the fact that no Conciliation, Mediation and Arbitration Board
(“CMA Board”) has been appointed as required under Rule 45B(v). The Club
clarified that the a CMA Board was appointed at a GC meeting on 27 July 2016,
where Mr Ling was present. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

The Club’s written submissions at paras 92–93.

This assertion was not challenged by Mr Ling. Therein, however, lies a
procedural irregularity – Rule 45B(v) requires the CMA Board to be appointed
at every third Annual General Meeting, which is different from a GC meeting.
That does not, however, preclude the dispute from proceeding to arbitration.
As Professor Born wrote in International Commercial Arbitration at p 942:

… [I]n virtually all cases, procedural missteps in commencing an arbitration
will not affect the validity of the parties’ underlying arbitration agreement,
but instead only the ability of the claimant to pursue a particular submission
or reference to arbitration. In general, nothing prevents the claimant who has
failed to comply with procedural requirements of an arbitration agreement in
one instance from subsequently complying with the applicable procedural
requirements and then properly commencing a new or different arbitration.

[emphasis added]

56 This sensible approach is consonant with our courts’ desire to give effect
to parties’ intention to arbitrate (as underscored in Insigma Technology), and
the Court of Appeal’s exhortation in Soh Beng Tee at [98] that “[a]rid,
hollow, technical or procedural objections that do not prejudice any party
should never be countenanced”. In this case, the Club could correct the
irregularity by appointing a CMA Board at the next Annual General Meeting.
Indeed, Mr Wood had indicated that one would be held at the end of May 2018,
by which time the CMA Board could be formally appointed in accordance with
Rule 45B(v). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Mr Wood’s affidavit dated 7 March 2018 at para 34.

I note that if this were correct, the CMA Board would have been appointed
before the release of these written grounds. Mr Ling would therefore not be
prejudiced by any further delay.

Breach of natural justice

57 Mr Ling made extensive allegations in relation to breaches of natural
justice. In brief, his allegations included that the ISC was incorrectly
convened and contained a member with a conflict of interest; that proceedings
were held suspiciously close to the GC campaign period; that certain documents
and the GM Report were not extended to him; that a settlement reached with Mr
Sadiq who was dealt with for similar complaints, was not made known to or
available to him; and he was informed that the current president Mr Wiener had
allegedly said that he would “fix [Mr Ling] once and for all”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Franklin Wong’s affidavit dated 23 January 2018 at para 25.

These allegations essentially seek to impugn the conduct of the disciplinary
proceedings and the constitution of the ISC. The Club denied the allegations
but declined to respond because it was of the view that the court was not the
correct forum to address them.

58 Notwithstanding Mr Ling’s allegations, three points are crucial. First,
there is no link between the GC, which Mr Ling contends is biased, and the CMA
Board, which would appoint arbitrators to adjudicate on Mr Ling’s complaints
if conciliation and mediation were not successful. The plaintiff insisted that
proceedings brought under Rule 45B would still be tainted by the bias shown by
the GC and first and second ISCs, but there was no logical reason why this
would be so. Mr Ling’s complaint was against the current president as well as
members of the GC and the first and second ISCs, none of whom appear to be
part of the CMA Board. According to Rule 45B(v), the CMA Board would comprise
at least three, and no more than five, past presidents of the Club. There was
no evidence that any of these past presidents would be biased against Mr Ling
and there was therefore no reason to expect that the CMA Board would not act
independently.

59 Secondly, under Rule 45B(vii), the arbitrators to be appointed by the CMA
Board may not be members of the Club. They would, therefore, be entirely free
of Club interests.

60 Thirdly, even if Mr Ling were able to substantiate his arguments on breach
of natural justice, his contentions in relation to natural justice at this
point are simply premature. The alleged irregularities surrounding the
disciplinary proceedings are disputes that fall squarely within the ambit of
Rule 45B. In other words, it is not that the court has no jurisdiction over
this issue, or does not wish to exercise its jurisdiction. Rather, the
complaint ought to be first dealt with pursuant to the procedure set out in
Rule 45B; the Rule 45B process may be used to deal with the allegations of
breaches of natural justice. Where the contract that governs has provided
express terms to deal with such issues, recourse should first be had to the
procedure provided. Otherwise, the court would not be upholding the parties’
contractual bargain and intention to have the matter ventilated outside the
court process. In any event, Rule 45B(vii), as well as s 48(1)(a)(vii) of the
Arbitration Act, permit Mr Ling to challenge the arbitral award on the ground
of a breach of natural justice. If, after compliance with Rule 45B, natural
justice issues still need to be addressed, the court may still do so.

Conclusion

61 In the result, I allowed the appeal and ordered that Mr Ling’s claim
against the Club be stayed in favour of the procedure provided by Rule 45B.
Costs of the appeal and the hearing below were awarded to the Club and fixed,
including disbursements, at $4,500.

Valerie Thean  
Judge

Bryan Manaf Ghows, Soh Leong Kiat, Anthony and Wan Rui Jie, Erwin (Taylor
Vinters Via LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Ramesh Selvaraj and Tseng Zhi Cheng, Sean Douglas (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for
the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

