Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 247

Originating Summons No 915 of 2018

Between

A Selvadurai Hallman

… Plaintiff

And

Singapore Amalgamated Services Co-operative Organisation Limited  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Charities] – [Trustees] – [Removal]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
A Selvadurai Hallman

  

v

  

Singapore Amalgamated Services

  
Co-operative Organisation Lt

d

[2018] SGHC 247

High Court — Originating Summons No 915 of 2018  
Choo Han Teck J  
25 October 2018

15 November 2018

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff, A Selvadurai Hallman, was Vice-Chairman of the Committee of
Management (“the Committee”) of a registered charity named SASCO Senior
Citizens’ Home (“SASCO Home”). SASCO Home’s charitable object is to provide
board, lodging and care for senior citizens, and to provide day care services
for the elderly.

2 The plaintiff’s application is supported by the affidavit of Mr Then Jing Yu
(“Mr Then”), who was the Chief Executive officer of SASCO Home. The plaintiff
and Mr Then claim to remain in their positions as members of the Committee,
which is the matter in dispute in this application.

3 The defendant, Singapore Amalgamated Services Co-operative Organisation
Limited (“SASCO Ltd”), is a cooperative society registered in 1933. Mr
Theyvendran s/o Ramanathan (Mr Theyvendran) filed an affidavit on behalf of
the defendant. Mr Theyvendran is the Chairman of the Executive Council of
SASCO Ltd. He is also a member and Chairman of the Committee of SASCO Home,
though this is disputed by the plaintiff.

4 The plaintiff applied for five substantive prayers by way of Originating
Summons No 915 of 2018. In the course of hearing, counsel for the defendant,
Mr Lukshumayeh, brought to my attention that the Commissioner of Charities had
in fact only authorised the plaintiff to proceed on two of the five
substantive prayers, namely prayers 2 and 3. Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr
Lee, did not dispute this. I therefore only considered the plaintiff’s
application in respect of prayers 2 and 3. In brief, the plaintiff sought a
declaration that the nomination of several members of the Committee, by the
defendant at its general meeting held on 5 July 2018, was void and of no
effect, and an order confirming the plaintiff and some other persons as the
rightful members of the Committee.

5 The by-laws of SASCO provides as follows:

5\. COMMITTEE OF MANAGEMENT

5.1(a) The Home shall be governed and its affairs administered by a committee
of Management (in this Constitution to as “the Committee”) comprising not less
than 6 and not more than 15 members …

(b) Members of the Committee shall be appointed by the Executive Council of
SASCO, provided that more than half of the Committee members must be
independent of SASCO.

6 On 28 June 2018, SASCO Ltd held a Special General Assembly, with the sole
item on the agenda being the election of the Executive Council of SASCO Ltd.
Six individuals, including Mr Theyvendran, were elected. There were no
objections at that time to the results of the vote, and the plaintiff did not
challenge the validity of the appointments.

7 On 5 July 2018, the Executive Council held a meeting and, pursuant to cl
5.1(b) of the SASCO Home by-laws, nominated 11 individuals to the Committee.
Of these 11 individuals, four are also part of the Executive Council,
including Mr Theyvendran. These 11 individuals effectively replaced the entire
incumbent Committee. It is this nomination that the plaintiff seeks to impugn.

8 The plaintiff claims that there have been multiple instances of wrongdoings
and improper actions on the part of SASCO Ltd and/or individuals associated
with SASCO Ltd. He therefore argues that there is a need for the plaintiff and
his team to be appointed to the Committee so that they can amend the by-laws
of SASCO Home, and sever any connection between SASCO Home and SASCO Ltd.
This, it is said, will ensure that SASCO Home, as a charity, remains clear of
any impropriety.

9 The allegations made by the plaintiff included lapses in fund-raising
practices on the part of SASCO Ltd, related party transactions on the part of
SASCO Home, and improper payments by SASCO Home to various individuals, and
that those payments were facilitated by members of the Committee.

10 In response, the defendant pointed out that the alleged wrongdoings took
place well before 5 July 2018, when Mr Theyvendran and his team were appointed
to the Committee. In fact, the persons in control of SASCO Ltd and SASCO Home
at the time were two individuals, namely Mr C V Nathan and Mr Victor Pang. Mr
C V Nathan was the Chairman of SASCO Ltd at the material time, and Mr Victor
Pang was the Vice-Chairman. Mr C V Nathan and his team forming the Executive
Council then were eventually ousted and replaced by Mr Theyvendran and his
team. Despite this, the plaintiff maintains that Mr Victor Pang should be
Chairman of the Committee, as sought for under prayer 3 of his application.

11 I am of the view that there is no basis for me to grant the orders sought
by the plaintiff. There can be no dispute that the current Committee was
validly appointed in accordance with the by-laws of SASCO Home. If the concern
is that there needs to be investigation into improprieties on the part of
SASCO Ltd or SASCO Home, the plaintiff is no doubt at liberty to approach the
relevant authorities to assist in such investigations.

12 I therefore dismissed the application, with costs to the defendant fixed at
$10,000 plus disbursements.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Gabriel Lee (Selvam LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Mahadevan Lukshumayeh (Lukshumayeh Law Corporation) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

