Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the family justice courts of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHCF 21

Originating Summons (Family) No 46 of 2016 (Registrar’s Appeal No 13 of 2017)

Between

(1)| TWD  
---|---  
(2)| TWE  
  
… Appellants

And

| UQE  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Family Law] — [Procedure]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TWD and another

  

v

  

UQE

[2018] SGHCF 21

High Court — Originating Summons (Family) No 46 of 2016 (Registrar’s Appeal No
13 of 2017)  
Tan Puay Boon JC  
12 July, 8 November 2018

21 December 2018 Judgment reserved.

Tan Puay Boon JC:

1 A person is injured in an accident. Members of his family apply to be
appointed as his deputies, on the basis that he lacks capacity in relation to
certain matters. The person who is alleged to be liable in tort for causing
the accident applies to be joined as a party to the deputy application, in
order to adduce evidence on the victim’s capacity. Should the court join the
alleged tortfeasor as a party to the deputy application? That is the issue in
this appeal.

Facts

The parties and the Accident

2 The appellants are respectively the mother and sister of the person who was
alleged to lack capacity in this matter (“P”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Medical report dated 17 January 2018 at paras 7 and 8: Record of Appeal (“RA”)
in HCF/RAS 13/2017 (“RAS 13”) at p 44.

P is a male Singaporean who is presently 27 years old. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Memo dated 13 May 2015: RA in HCF/RAS 32/2016 (“RAS 32”) at p 236.

3 The respondent was the driver of a car that collided into P, who was a
pedestrian at the material time, in an accident on 3 April 2015. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of 2nd appellant dated 13 May 2016 at para 6: RA in RAS 32 at p 165.

At the time of the accident, P was a 23-year-old polytechnic student. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Medical report dated 17 January 2018 at para 9: RA in RAS 13 at p 44.

As a result of the accident, P suffered multiple injuries including severe
traumatic brain injury. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Medical report dated 2 December 2015: RA in RAS 32 at p 100.

The Deputy and Joinder Applications

4 On 2 March 2016, the appellants filed an application in the Family Courts
under s 20 of the Mental Capacity Act (Cap 177A, 2010 Rev Ed) (“the MCA”) to
be appointed as deputies for P to make decisions on his behalf relating to his
personal welfare and property and affairs (“the Deputy Application”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

FC/OSM 46/2016 (“OS”) at prayer 4a: RA in RAS 32 at p 92.

5 The Deputy Application was supported by an affidavit of one Dr Chan Lai Gwen
(“Dr Chan”), a Consultant in the Department of Psychological Medicine in Tan
Tock Seng Hospital, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Medical report dated 2 December 2015: RA in RAS 32 at p 103.

which enclosed a medical report dated 2 December 2015 (“Dr Chan’s 1st Report”)
based on Dr Chan’s examination of P on 20 November 2015. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Medical report dated 2 December 2015: RA in RAS 32 at p 100.

In the report, Dr Chan stated the following: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Medical report dated 2 December 2015: RA in RAS 32 at pp 101–103.

(a) P was diagnosed to have “[c]ognitive impairment due to severe Traumatic
Brain Injury”.

(b) P did not have mental capacity in relation to his personal welfare and
property and affairs.

(c) However, P was “still recovering neurologically and [was] expected to
improve further over the next [two] years”. Further, P was “likely to regain
mental capacity”.

6 By a letter dated 18 March 2016, the respondent’s solicitors (who are also
the solicitors for the respondent’s insurers) stated that their clients were
an interested party in the Deputy Application and that they would attend a
hearing of the same fixed for 22 March 2016. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Letter dated 18 March 2016: RA in RAS 32 at pp 171–172.

7 On 22 March 2016, the parties attended a Case Conference for the Deputy
Application, where the respondent’s solicitors stated that the respondent
intended to apply to be joined as a party to the Deputy Application. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Respondent’s skeletal submissions for FC/SUM 1340/2016 at para 4: RA in RAS 32
at p 180.

8 By a letter dated 22 March 2016, the appellants’ solicitors informed the
respondent’s solicitors that they disagreed that the respondent and his
insurer were interested parties in the Deputy Application, unless they
conceded liability. Nonetheless, for the purposes of resolving the issue of
P’s capacity, the appellants’ solicitors were “prepared to take the Court’s
suggestion and advise [P] to attend a medical re-examination conducted by [the
respondent’s] expert to determine whether [P] lacks mental capacity”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Letter dated 22 March 2016: RA in RAS 32 at p 173.

9 In reply, the respondent’s solicitors reiterated in a letter dated 25 March
2016 that their clients were interested parties in the Deputy Application.
They added they were prepared to arrange for P to be re-examined by their
clients’ doctors, but that an application for the respondent to be joined as a
party to the Deputy Application was “unavoidable” since “either party [would]
be instructed to challenge the outcome of the medical re-examination
irrespective of the results”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Letter dated 25 March 2016: RA in RAS 32 at pp 174–175.

10 On 25 April 2016, the respondent applied to be joined as a party to and be
heard in the Deputy Application (“the Joinder Application”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

FC/SUM 1340/2016 in OS: RA in RAS 32 at pp 108–109.

In an affidavit supporting the Joinder Application, his then solicitor stated
the following: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Affidavit of Nicholas Yong Yoong Han dated 25 April 2016 at paras 11–14: RA in
RAS 32 at pp 113–115.

(a) There was evidence from surveillance carried out on P that raised issues
regarding the extent of his incapacity. In this regard, the affidavit enclosed
a report dated 27 October 2015 (“the 1st PI Report”) by AJAX Investigation &
Security Services Pte Ltd (“AJAX”) detailing surveillance carried out on P
from September to October 2015, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

1st PI Report at paras 7–11: RA in RAS 32 at pp 123–125.

which was carried out on the instructions of the respondent’s insurers. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

1st PI Report at paras 1 and 3: RA in RAS 32 at p 122.

According to the report, P was able to ambulate without aid, had a good range
of movement in respect of his neck, could bend his back and sit without
difficulty and could climb and descend stairs with assistance. He was also
observed to have been carrying out daily activities accompanied by his family
members. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

1st PI Report at paras 14–16: RA in RAS 32 at p 126.

(b) If the respondent was not joined as a party to the Deputy Application, he
would not be able to adduce evidence that might assist the court in
“clarifying the issue of P’s mental incapacity”. In those circumstances, if
the court granted the Deputy Application, the respondent would be prejudiced
in any subsequent legal action by P or his deputies against him (because the
fact that deputies were appointed for P would be evidence of the severity of
the injuries suffered by him).

(c) If the respondent was joined as a party, he had no objections to his
involvement being limited to the issue of P’s mental incapacity.

11 The second appellant filed an affidavit dated 13 May 2016 in reply to the
Joinder Application. In brief, she averred that there was no basis for the
respondent to be joined to the Deputy Application and stated the following: 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Affidavit of 2nd appellant dated 13 May 2016 at paras 12, 14–15 and 20: RA in
RAS 32 at pp 166–167.

(a) Granting the Deputy Application would not prejudice the respondent or his
insurers because they would be able to contest the issue of P’s capacity in
the civil suit which P intended to commence against the respondent (“the Civil
Suit”).

(b) Granting the Joinder Application would only increase the costs and delay
in relation to the Deputy Application.

(c) The 1st PI Report, which was not a medical report, did not raise any
issues in relation to P’s mental capacity.

12 The second appellant’s affidavit exhibited a Financial Counselling Form
dated 14 April 2016 (“the Form”) that was signed by P in the presence of his
father, to acknowledge that he “[had] undergone financial counselling … and
irrevocably agree[d] and under[took] to pay in full the final hospital
charges”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Affidavit of 2nd appellant dated 13 May 2016 at NABML-1: RA in RAS 32 at pp
177–178.

Procedural history and subsequent events

13 On 31 May 2016, the District Judge (‘the DJ”) heard the parties on the
Joinder Application. The next day, he informed the parties that he would defer
his decision on the Joinder Application for four weeks. In the interim, the
appellants were to obtain a clarification medical report on P’s capacity,
while the respondent was to obtain a separate report on P’s capacity. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Notes of Evidence dated 1 June 2016: RA in RAS 32 at p 21.

14 On 7 June 2016, the appellants’ solicitors wrote to the court to request
further arguments on the DJ’s direction to the respondent to obtain a medical
report on P’s capacity. They submitted that the court had effected a “backdoor
joinder” in making this direction. The DJ had no jurisdiction to direct P to
be examined by a non-party to the proceedings. Instead, the court should first
decide whether the respondent should be joined to the Deputy Application. It
was only if the respondent was made a party to the Deputy Application that he
could then apply for a further medical examination of P. If the court had
doubts regarding P’s capacity, it should “direct the necessary questions to
P’s doctor(s) and/or appoint a Court expert to assess P’s mental capacity”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Letter dated 7 June 2016 at paras 3, 5 and 7–8: RA in RAS 32 at pp 197–198.

15 From 15 to 23 June 2016, AJAX conducted further surveillance on P on the
instructions of the respondent’s insurer, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Affidavit of Nicholas Yong Yoong Han dated 15 July 2016 at para 6: RA in RAS
32 at p 204.

and prepared a further report dated 10 July 2016 (“the 2nd PI Report”). I note
the following regarding this report:

(a) First, the report contained “video recording printouts” of P in his home.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

2nd PI Report at Appendix B: RA in RAS 32 at pp 231–232.

(b) Second, the report stated that the investigators had engaged P in a
conversation on the pretext of carrying out a “survey” and recorded this
conversation. They had gleaned from the conversation that P could recall
details regarding his primary school and polytechnic. P had also suggested
enhancements to the neighbourhood. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

2nd PI Report at para 16: RA in RAS 32 at p 214.

(c) Third, according to the report, P had commuted on his own by public
transport and ascended and descended stairs without difficulty. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

2nd PI Report at para 15: RA in RAS 32 at p 214.

16 The respondent’s solicitors subsequently applied for the 2nd PI Report to
be placed before the court. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Affidavit of Nicholas Yong Yoong Han dated 15 July 2016 at para 3: RA in RAS
32 at p 203.

17 Dr Chan prepared a clarification medical report on P dated 8 July 2016. In
this report, Dr Chan stated the following: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Medical report dated 8 July 2016: RA in RAS 32 at pp 200–201.

(a) She had reassessed P on 5 July 2016 in an outpatient clinic and
interviewed his parents and sister individually.

(b) Despite “good recovery of physical abilities”, P continued to suffer from
“significant impairments of his behaviour, personality and cognitive
functioning”. These impairments were only apparent upon regular interaction
with him – they “would not be apparent on distant observation or snapshots
taken at a cross-section in time”. They included “poor recall of information,
poor recall and understanding of his own medical condition, poor mental
arithmetic ability, poor knowledge and understanding of financial management,
and lack of insight into his current impairments”. P was also vulnerable to
abuse and exploitation: he had authorised transactions of a three-digit sum on
two occasions, and could not recall the details of these transactions.

(c) Dr Chan reiterated her opinion that P lacked capacity in relation to his
personal welfare and his property and affairs.

18 On 18 July 2016, the DJ heard further arguments (see [14] above) on his
earlier directions. He then varied his directions, ordering as follows: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

GD dated 28 December 2016 at paras 56 and 66: RA in RAS 32 at pp 85 and 89.

(a) P was to be examined by an independent doctor appointed by the court
(rather than by a doctor appointed by the respondent).

(b) Counsel for the appellants and the respondent were to propose doctors whom
the court might appoint as an independent expert.

(c) The court-appointed doctor was to be given a copy of both the 1st and the
2nd PI Reports (“the PI Reports”) (the appellants had submitted that the 2nd
PI Report should not be given to the doctor).

(d) The appellants would be permitted to file an affidavit in reply to the 2nd
PI Report, and furnish the same to the court-appointed doctor.

19 However, the DJ did not accede to the request of the appellants’ counsel
(“Ms Sandhu”) to make a decision on the Joinder Application. He explained this
in his written grounds of decision as follows: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

GD dated 28 December 2016 at paras 40–42, 46–48 and 55–56: RA in RAS 32 at pp
81–85.

(a) His initial inclination had been to make a decision on the Joinder
Application. However, Ms Sandhu had pointed out that joinder might lead to
confidential information regarding P’s assets and family matters being
disclosed to the respondent. Further, P might suffer prejudice in the Civil
Suit if the respondent was able to access confidential or privileged
information in the eLitigation case file for the Deputy Application, upon
being joined as a defendant thereto.

(b) The DJ thus considered whether there was another option, apart from
joinder, that would enable the respondent to challenge P’s capacity, without
affording the respondent access to confidential material. In the light of the
“judge-led approach” prescribed under r 22 of the Family Justice Rules 2014 (S
813/2014) (“the FJR”), the DJ initially decided to allow the respondent’s
insurer’s doctor to examine P. He reasoned that if the doctor agreed with Dr
Chan that P lacked capacity, the basis of the Joinder Application would fall
away. On the other hand, if the doctor considered that P had capacity, there
would be a triable issue and the court would have to consider how to address
P’s concerns as to confidentiality and privileged information.

(c) Having heard the further arguments, the DJ considered that he should still
adopt the same broad approach, ie, to have P examined by another doctor before
he decided on the Joinder Application (albeit this doctor would be appointed
by the court, not by the respondent’s insurer).

20 The appellants appealed against the DJ’s decision in Registrar’s Appeal No
32 of 2016 (“RAS 32”). On 24 April 2017, Chua Lee Ming J heard the appeal and
affirmed the DJ’s orders that P was to be examined by a court-appointed
independent doctor, and that both of the PI Reports were to be made available
to the doctor. But Chua J allowed the appeal to the extent that he ruled that
the DJ should not have invited the respondent to submit names of doctors to
the court, since he had not been joined as a party to the Deputy Application.
Chua J also indicated that the DJ should decide the Joinder Application, so
that the issue of whether the respondent was entitled to attend the hearings
of the Deputy Application could be dealt with. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Notes of Argument in RAS 32 dated 24 April 2017 at p 4.

21 On 1 August 2017, after hearing the parties, the DJ granted leave to the
respondent to be joined as a party to and heard in the Deputy Application,
albeit that he limited the respondent’s right to be heard to the issue of
whether P lacked capacity (“the Joinder Decision”). On the same day, the DJ
appointed Dr Calvin Fones (“Dr Fones”) to assess P’s capacity. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Certified Transcript dated 1 August 2017 in OS at pp 25 and 37.

22 On 14 August 2017, the appellants filed this appeal against the Joinder
Decision. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Notice of Appeal: RA in RAS 13 at pp 1–3.

23 Dr Fones subsequently prepared a report on P dated 17 January 2018. In this
report, Dr Fones stated, among other things, the following: 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Medical report dated 17 January 2018 at paras 35, 37, 39, 41 and 45: RA in RAS
13 at pp 50–52.

(a) P was suffering from “Major Neurocognitive Disorder due to Traumatic Brain
Injury”. This condition was now permanent and P’s cognitive disability was
likely to remain the same over time.

(b) P lacked capacity as defined by the MCA with regard to his personal
welfare and his property and affairs. In particular, P did not have the
capacity to manage sums of money exceeding $100.

24 On 5 March 2018, the DJ granted the Deputy Application, appointing the
appellants as P’s deputies (albeit ordering, in line with Dr Fones’ report,
that the appellants had no authority to make decisions on P’s behalf in
respect of financial transactions involving less than $100). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Order of Court dated 8 March 2018 in OS at Orders 3a and 6h.

The minutes of the hearing on 5 March 2018 show that the respondent’s counsel
contested some orders sought by the appellants, in relation to their authority
to decide both where and with whom P should live and the arrangements for P’s
care. I return to this below.

The decision below

25 The DJ issued written grounds of decision for the Joinder Decision: see TWD
v TWE [2018] SGFC 6 (“the GD”).

26 He began his analysis by stating that he arrived at the view, based on Dr
Chan’s 1st Report, the PI Reports and the Form, that there were “serious
questions about the extent of P’s lack of mental capacity” (see the GD at
[10]). He detailed these three pieces of evidence and explained why, in his
view, they raised questions as to the extent of P’s capacity (see the GD at
[14]–[29]). He then recounted his previous decision to appoint an independent
medical expert and his reasons for doing so, as well as the outcome of RAS 32
(see the GD at [30]–[35] and [40]–[43]).

27 The DJ proceeded to set out the parties’ submissions on the Joinder
Application, his views on those submissions and other points he considered in
arriving at the Joinder Decision. In summary, he reasoned as follows:

(a) It was clear from r 178(2) of the FJR that the court had a broad
discretion in deciding whether to order a person to be joined as a party to an
application under the MCA. The issue was “not whether it could be done but
whether it ought to be done” (see the GD at [69]–[70]).

(b) The principles regarding joinder laid down in other cases, which had dealt
with joinder pursuant to O 15 r 6(2)(b) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2014 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of Court”), “would apply equally” to joinder under r
178(2) (see the GD at [72]).

(c) One aim of joinder provisions was “to prevent the same or substantially
the same questions or issues being tried twice with possibly different
results”: see Syed Ahmad Jamal Alsagoff (administrator of the estates of Syed
Mohamad bin Hashim bin Mohamad Alhabshi and others) and others v Harun bin
Syed Hussain Aljunied and others [2017] 5 SLR 299 (“Alsagoff”) at [23] and
Abdul Gaffar bin Fathil v Chua Kwang Yong [1994] 2 SLR(R) 99 (“Abdul Gaffar”)
at [53(b)]. If the Deputy Application proceeded without the respondent being
joined as a party, with the respondent left to contest P’s capacity only in
the Civil Suit, this could lead to the same issue, P’s capacity, being tried
twice with possibly different results (see the GD at [71]–[75]).

(d) Furthermore, a finding in the Deputy Application that P lacked capacity
could potentially affect the respondent legally or financially, because the
appellants could rely on this finding in the Civil Suit (see the GD at [48]
and [77]). The DJ noted that the potential impact on a non-party’s interests
was considered a salient factor in Abdul Gaffar. He also referred to the
English case of Gurtner v Circuit [1968] 2 QB 587 (“Gurtner”), where the Motor
Insurers’ Bureau (“the MIB”) was added as a defendant to a personal injury
action brought by a pedestrian against an insured motorist on the basis that
the determination of the action would directly affect the MIB’s rights, since
the MIB was bound to pay the judgment sum to the plaintiff. The DJ considered
that Gurtner “bore a certain similarity to the position in this case” (see the
GD at [46]).

(e) The DJ also emphasised that it was the responsibility of the court hearing
the Deputy Application to determine whether P lacked capacity and it would be
wrong for the court to disregard evidence that might show that P did not lack
capacity (see the GD at [50]).

The parties’ arguments

28 The appellants make the following submissions:

(a) First, the DJ applied the wrong principles in making the Joinder Decision.
The principles articulated in Alsagoff and Abdul Gaffar, which the DJ relied
on (see [27(b)]–[27(d)] above), do not apply to joinder under r 178(2) of the
FJR. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Appellants’ Case at paras 39–41.

The applicable principles are those set out in Re SK [2012] EWCOP 1990 (“Re
SK”) and applying those principles, the respondent should not have been joined
to the Deputy Application. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Appellants’ Case at para 57.

(b) Second, Gurtner is distinguishable, and the principles in Alsagoff and
Abdul Gaffar do not support the Joinder Decision. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Appellants’ Case at paras 37 and 42–45.

(c) Third, the respondent would not suffer prejudice if he was not joined to
the Deputy Application and, in any event, the key inquiry is whether joinder
was in P’s best interests. Here, the Joinder Decision was not in P’s best
interests. It had caused P to suffer real prejudice because, among other
things, it had delayed commencement of the Civil Suit. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Appellants’ Case at paras 58–63.

29 The respondent makes the following submissions:

(a) First, the DJ was entitled to “invite any evidence or join any party he
deemed necessary” in arriving at a decision on P’s capacity, because r 22(1)
of the FJR requires the court to take a judge-led approach. Further, the court
should be apprised of all relevant evidence in a Deputy Application, because
it should not lightly find that a person lacks capacity, and the DJ had a
broad discretion under r 178(2) of the FJR to order the respondent to be
joined as a party to the Deputy Application. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Respondent’s Case at paras 29, 32 and 45–46.

(b) Second, Dr Chan’s 1st Report, the PI Reports and the Form raised serious
questions regarding P’s capacity. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Respondent’s Case at paras 34–41.

Thus, the Joinder Application was meritorious because:

(i) the respondent had a “moral duty” to intervene in the Deputy Application
in the interest of P; 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Respondent’s Case at paras 50–54 and 82.

(ii) he would be financially affected by a finding of mental incapacity in the
Deputy Application, and this financial interest should not be a bar to
joinder; 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Respondent’s Case at paras 55–62.

and

(iii) joinder would not give him two bites of the cherry on the issue of P’s
mental incapacity, since he would not be challenging the findings of the court
that decided the Deputy Application. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Respondent’s Case at paras 68.

(c) Third, any complexity and delay in the Deputy Application was due to the
appellants’ litigiousness. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Respondent’s Case at paras 76–79.

The YAC’s submissions and the parties’ further submissions

30 Given the novelty and importance of the issue at hand, I appointed a young
amicus curiae, Mr Chia Huai Yuan (“Mr Chia”), to address me on the following
two questions: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Letter from the Family Justice Courts dated 23 July 2018.

(a) Question 1: In an application for deputyship of a person, what
considerations should guide the court in determining whether it is desirable
to permit the joinder of a non-party who is or is alleged to be liable in tort
for causing the person’s loss of capacity?

(b) Question 2: Assuming that the non-party is not to be joined, should he
nevertheless be permitted to adduce evidence which may be relevant to the
court’s decision in the deputy application? If so, what is the capacity in
which he is allowed to admit such evidence?

31 Mr Chia made the following submissions in response to these questions:

(a) Question 1: The court has a broad discretion under r 178(2) of the FJR to
add a person as a party to a deputy application. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

YAC’s brief at para 7.

However, the court should exercise this power with regard to the following: 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

YAC’s brief at paras 9–16.

(i) First, the court should bear in mind that exercise of the power of joinder
may encroach upon the privacy of the person alleged to lack capacity and his
family, and enable the applicant for joinder to obtain a collateral advantage
(such as access to documents that may be used in later litigation). In this
light, the power of joinder should not be an “open door” to persons who may
wish to intervene in deputy applications.

(ii) Second, the court should be circumspect in evaluating the reasons given
by the applicant for joinder, particularly where the latter has no real
interest in the well-being of the person alleged to lack capacity.

(iii) Third, the court should consider whether the applicant for joinder will
offer real assistance to the court. Where the applicant alleges that he has
evidence which may assist the court, the court should first evaluate the
cogency of the evidence.

(iv) Fourth, the court should bear in mind the need to ensure that deputy
applications are dealt with expeditiously and without the incurrence of
unnecessary costs and resources.

(v) Fifth, the court should consider whether there may be less intrusive means
of achieving the aim of joinder, and possible limitations on the scope of the
joined party’s participation and access to documents or information in the
proceedings.

(b) Question 2: As an alternative to joinder, the court may call a non-party
as a witness to give and/or adduce evidence pursuant to rr 22(3)(b) and
22(3)(g) of the FJR. This could ensure that all relevant material is before
the court, while safeguarding the privacy of the person alleged to lack
capacity and that of his family. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

YAC’s brief at paras 18–24.

32 The parties filed further submissions addressing Mr Chia’s submissions, in
which they advance the following points:

(a) The appellants agree that the court should account for the five
considerations highlighted by Mr Chia (see [31(a)(i)]–[31(a)(v)] above) in
deciding whether to join a non-party to a deputy application. They submit that
in view of those considerations, the respondent should not have been joined as
a party to the Deputy Application. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Appellants’ further submissions dated 28 September 2018.

(b) The respondent submits that the court should consider three main factors
in deciding whether to join a non-party to a deputy application: the interest
of the applicant for joinder, the extent to which the latter may contribute to
the proceedings, and the potential prejudice to him or her if the application
for joinder is refused. The respondent argues that applying these factors, the
DJ did not err in ordering the joinder. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Respondent’s further submissions dated 28 September 2018.

The issue

33 The sole issue in this appeal, broadly stated, is whether the DJ erred in
making the Joinder Decision. The DJ relied on r 178(2) of the FJR in making
the Joinder Decision (see [27(a)] above) and on appeal, the respondent has
confirmed that this was the legal basis of the Joinder Application. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Respondent’s Case at paras 42–48.

Therefore, the narrow issue for me to determine is whether the Joinder
Decision amounted to an erroneous exercise of the DJ’s discretion under r
178(2) of the FJR.

My decision

The standard of review

34 I begin with the applicable standard of review. In TDA v TCZ and others
[2016] 3 SLR 329 (“TDA”), which was also an appeal against the decision of a
court hearing proceedings under the MCA (a “MCA court”) that involved the
exercise of the court’s discretion, Judith Prakash J (as she then was) stated
at [25] that “the standard for overturning a judge’s exercise of discretion is
a high one”. Prakash J also observed at [22] that in the light of the
“expanded role” of a MCA court in directing proceedings under the MCA, a MCA
court “should be accorded a greater degree of discretion than a judge hearing
an ordinary civil matter …”. I agree with and endorse these views.

35 In what circumstances should the appellate court interfere with the MCA
court’s exercise of its discretion? In TDA, Prakash J indicated at [23] that
“the general position on appellate interference with a first instance court’s
exercise of discretion” would apply, citing the test stated in Tay Beng Chuan
v Official Receiver and Liquidator of Kie Hock Shipping (1971) Pte Ltd [1987]
SLR(R) 123 at [16], which is whether the decision “was wrong so as to defeat
the rights of the parties altogether and would be an injustice to one or other
of the parties”.

36 I agree that the general principles governing appellate interference with a
first instance court’s exercise of discretion apply in an appeal against the
MCA court’s exercise of its discretion. In Warner-Lambert Company LLC v
Novartis (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2017] 2 SLR 707, which was decided after TDA,
the Court of Appeal reaffirmed at [38] the test stated in Lian Soon
Construction Pte Ltd v Guan Qian Realty Pte Ltd [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1053 at [34],
which is as follows:

It is trite law that an appeal against the exercise of a judge’s discretion
will not be entertained unless it be shown that he exercised his discretion
under a mistake of law, in disregard of principle, under a misapprehension as
to the facts, or that he took account of irrelevant matters, or the decision
reached was “outside the generous ambit within which a reasonable disagreement
is possible”. [emphasis added]

37 Thus, the appellate court may interfere with the MCA court’s exercise of
its discretion if it is shown that the discretion was exercised under a
mistake of law, in disregard of principle, under a misapprehension as to the
facts, or if the court took account of irrelevant matters, or if the decision
was “outside the generous ambit within which a reasonable disagreement is
possible”.

38 With these principles in mind, I turn to analyse r 178(2) of the FJR.

Rule 178(2) and the joinder of (alleged) tortfeasors

39 Rule 178 of the FJR states:

Parties to proceedings

178.—(1) Unless the Court otherwise orders, the parties to any proceedings
under the [MCA] are —

(a) the plaintiff or applicant; and

(b) any person who is named as a defendant in the proceedings.

(2) The Court may order that a person be joined as a party, if the Court
considers that it is desirable to do so.

…

[emphasis added]

40 This appears to be the first case in which the Singapore courts have had
the occasion to consider r 178(2).

41 According to the Table of Derivations accompanying the FJR, r 178(2) of the
FJR derives from the now-repealed O 99 r 4(2) of the Rules of Court, which was
identical to r 178(2). Order 99 of the Rules of Court was introduced after the
enactment of the first version of the MCA in 2008. Mr Chia submits, and I
accept, that O 99 r 4(2) in turn derives from r 73(2) of the England and Wales
Court of Protection Rules 2007 (SI 2007 No 1744) (UK) (“the COPR”). Rule
73(2), which is now reflected in r 9.13(2) of the England and Wales Court of
Protection Rules 2017 (SI 2017 No 1035) (UK), stated:

(2) The court may order a person to be joined as a party if it considers that
it is desirable to do so for the purpose of dealing with the application.
[emphasis added]

42 I now discuss the English cases which have examined r 73(2).

The foreign authorities

43 The leading case is the decision of the Court of Protection in Re SK. The
case concerned a mentally incapacitated adult (“SK”) who suffered serious
injuries in an accident involving a bus. SK commenced a personal injury action
against the bus company (“GA”) through his brother (“CK”), who acted as his
litigation friend in those proceedings, and obtained interim judgment for 60%
of the damages to be assessed. Separate proceedings were initiated in the
Court of Protection where SK was represented by the Official Solicitor, and
was found to lack capacity to make almost all decisions for himself. An issue
then arose as to the type of home in which SK should be placed. CK contended
that the home should be one with an intensive rehabilitation regime, and
obtained an expert opinion in support of his position. SK’s wife took the same
view. By contrast, the other parties in the Court of Protection proceedings,
the joint expert therein, and GA’s expert considered that SK should be placed
in a home with modest rehabilitation. Both CK and GA then applied to be joined
as parties to the Court of Protection proceedings.

44 Bodey J allowed CK’s application and dismissed GA’s application. In
reaching his decision, he analysed the two conditions laid down by the COPR
for a person to be joined as a party to Court of Protection proceedings.
First, under r 75(1) of the COPR, the applicant had to have “sufficient
interest” in the proceedings. Bodey J opined at [41] that this required the
applicant to have an interest “distinct from some commercial interest” in the
proceedings, albeit that one would have a “sufficient interest” if one’s
liability would “effectively be determined once and for all in the Court of
Protection proceedings”. CK fulfilled the “sufficient interest” condition in
his capacity as SK’s brother. By contrast, GA did not satisfy this condition.
Notably, there does not seem to be a provision equivalent to r 75(1) of the
COPR in the FJR.

45 More pertinently for present purposes, Bodey J then turned to consider the
second requirement for joinder laid down by the COPR, namely, the test set out
in r 73(2) of the COPR. He made the following remarks at [42]–[43]:

42 … the court may join a new party if it considers that it is “…desirable to
do so for the purpose of dealing with the application.” The clear import of
that wording is that the joinder of such an applicant would be to enable the
court better to deal with the substantive application (for example, by its
being able to take into account and test the views of a close relative who
knew the incapacitated person and was familiar with his wishes, feelings and
preferences before he became incapacitated). …

43 The word "desirable" necessarily imports a judicial discretion as regards
balancing the pros and cons of the particular joinder sought in the particular
circumstances of the case. …

[emphasis added]

46 In sum, Bodey J held that in determining whether joinder was desirable
under r 73(2), the court was to balance the advantages and disadvantages of
the joinder sought on the facts of the case before it. And since r 73(2)
required the court to consider whether it was desirable to join the non-party
“for the purpose of dealing with the [substantive] application”, the
advantages and disadvantages which the court had to consider were those which
joinder would bring to the court’s disposition of the substantive application
at hand. I note here that under r 178(2) of the FJR, by contrast to r 73(2) of
the COPR, there is no requirement that joinder must be desirable “for the
purpose of dealing with the [substantive] application”. The test is simply
that of whether joinder is desirable.

47 Applying these principles, Bodey J decided that it was not desirable to
join GA as a party for the purpose of dealing with the application before him.
First, in terms of the advantages of joinder, joining GA would not
substantially assist the court in deciding whether SK should undergo intensive
or moderate rehabilitation, because “the two sides of the issue (intensive
rehabilitation or modest rehabilitation) are well-evidenced anyway by the
competing experts” and GA would “add nothing to the debate about SK’s best
interests”, except in relation to an issue of funding (whether there was a
realistic prospect of funding for the options the court was considering): see
Re SK at [42]. Second, in terms of the disadvantages of joinder, joining GA
would lead to greater cost and delay in the Court of Protection proceedings.
Such cost and delay was unwarranted, especially because if GA was not a party
to the Court of Protection proceedings, it would not be bound by any finding
by the Court of Protection as to SK’s best interests in the personal injury
action brought by SK: see Re SK at [37]–[39].

48 The principles laid down in Re SK were endorsed by Sir James Munby, the
President of the Court of Protection, in Re G (Adult) [2014] EWCOP 1361 (“Re
G”) at [50]. There, an issue had arisen in Court of Protection proceedings as
to whether the incapacitated person (“G”) had the capacity to communicate with
the media. The publishers of the Daily Mail applied to be joined as a party to
the proceedings. Munby P dismissed the application. He reasoned that the
applicant did not have a sufficient interest in the Court of Protection
proceedings and in any event, joinder would not be “desirable”. In this
regard, Munby P made the following pertinent observations at [51]:

… it would be highly undesirable for [the applicant] to be joined, because as
a party it would be entitled to access to all the documents in the proceedings
unless some good reason could be shown why it should not, and the grounds for
restricting a party’s access to the documents are very narrowly circumscribed
… [emphasis added]

49 In other words, joinder would not be desirable because it would likely
enable the publishers to access all the documents filed in the proceedings in
their capacity as a party thereto. It seems that Munby J was concerned with
protecting G’s privacy and the confidentiality of information disclosed in the
proceedings.

50 Another instructive case is the recent decision of Re Z [2018] EWHC 1488
(Ch) (“Re Z”). In that case, the wife of a person (“Z”) commenced Court of
Protection proceedings for the court to determine, among other things, Z’s
capacity to manage his property and affairs. Subsequently, the son of one of
Z’s brothers applied to be joined as a party to the Court of Protection
proceedings, claiming that as a member of Z’s family, he had spent much time
with Z and that Z had, among other things, promised to pay a sum to him. The
applicant also resisted any limitation on his participation in the
proceedings.

51 Having endorsed the principles set out in Re SK (at [17]–[18]), Norris J
refused the joinder application, but directed that the witness statements
filed by the applicant in support of the application would stand as evidence
in the Court of Protection proceedings. He gave the following reasons for this
decision:

(a) First, it was of “utmost importance that the [Court of Protection
proceedings] be resolved speedily” and anything that had the potential to
delay or prolong the resolution of those proceedings had to be avoided. In Re
Z, the applicant resisted any limits on his participation in the Court of
Protection proceedings. Adding him as a party would therefore amount to
“incurring an undesirable risk”: see Re Z at [21].

(b) Second, although the applicant had a “sufficient interest” in the Court of
Protection proceedings in his capacity as a family member, that did not give
him a right to be joined as a party. While it was “important that all of the
[applicant’s] relevant and helpful evidence [was] before the Court” and
tested, it was not necessary for the applicant to become a party for that
purpose: see Re Z at [22].

(c) Third, adding the applicant as a party might give his commercial interest
prominence in the Court of Protection proceedings. This would not help the
resolution of issues in those proceedings: see Re Z at [23].

(d) Fourth, there was a “complete unity of view” between one of Z’s brothers,
who was a party to the Court of Protection proceedings, and the applicant.
Hence, the court “[did] not see what of value [could] be added to the debate
on the issues in the [Court of Protection proceedings] by [the] separately
represented [applicant]”: see Re Z at [24]–[25].

52 Apart from the aforementioned English authorities, I also drew guidance
from Re DNS [2016] NSWCATGD 6 (“Re DNS”), a decision of the New South Wales
Civil and Administrative Tribunal which Mr Chia drew to my attention. In that
case, a guardianship order had been made over a woman who suffered from
dementia (“DNS”). Subsequently, one of DNS’s sons applied to be joined as a
party to the guardianship proceedings to advance his position that he should
be granted access to his mother under the guardianship order. In support of
his application, the applicant provided the Tribunal with two videos.

53 The Tribunal first ruled that the videos were not relevant to the issues in
the guardianship proceedings. The videos only showed an unidentified woman
making two telephone calls in the presence of a male person who was filming
her, and it was unclear what the caller was saying, what the recipient was
saying, and who the recipients of the calls were. Thus, the Tribunal decided
not to admit the videos as evidence: see Re DNS at [19].

54 The Tribunal then turned to consider the joinder application. It began by
noting that the relevant legislative provision empowered the Tribunal to join
a person as a party “if, in the opinion of the Tribunal, the person should be
a party to the proceedings …”. The Tribunal noted that the general practice of
the Tribunal was “to place a practical limit on the number of parties to any
proceedings”, and explained at [27] that this was justified on three grounds:

(a) First, guardianship proceedings often involved the production of private
or confidential material, such as material pertaining to the mental health,
cognitive ability and treatment of the subject person. Protecting the privacy
of the subject person was a “significant factor”, because the applicable
legislation required the Tribunal to give paramount weight to the welfare and
interests of the subject person. In many cases, it would not be consistent
with this for private and confidential information about the subject person to
be distributed to the applicant for joinder.

(b) Second, the applicable legislation also required the Tribunal to
facilitate the just, quick and cheap resolution of proceedings. In many cases,
this principle would lead the Tribunal to refuse a joinder request.

(c) Third, there might not be any real advantages in joining a non-party to
proceedings given that in certain circumstances, the Tribunal would grant non-
parties certain rights enjoyed by parties to guardianship proceedings, such as
the right to be present and heard.

55 Having reviewed the relevant authorities, I now turn to the interpretation
of r 178(2) of the FJR, and the more specific issue of whether the court
hearing a deputy application concerning a person should permit the (alleged)
tortfeasor claimed to be liable to the person to be joined as a party to the
application.

The applicable principles

56 In my view, under r 178(2) of the FJR, the court has a broad discretion to
order that a person be joined as a party to proceedings under the MCA. This
coheres with the judge-led approach to family disputes mandated by r 22 of the
FJR, and the inquisitorial nature of proceedings under the MCA: see Re BKR
[2015] 4 SLR 81 at [214]. In exercising its discretion, the court should
consider the advantages and disadvantages of joinder on the facts of the case
at hand to determine whether joinder is “desirable”. Since r 178(2), unlike r
73(2) of the COPR, does not require joinder to be desirable “for the purpose
of dealing with the [substantive] application” (see [46] above), it is not
strictly necessary that joinder would aid the court in dealing with that
application. The advantages of joinder must simply outweigh its disadvantages
for joinder to be ordered.

57 I now consider the factual matrix of this case in the light of these
general principles. In my judgment, where a deputy application is made in
respect of a person (“X”), and the person who is or is alleged to be liable in
tort to X applies to be joined to the application to adduce evidence on X’s
capacity, it would generally not be desirable for the (alleged) tortfeasor to
be joined as a party to the deputy application. I have arrived at this view
for the following reasons.

58 I begin with the disadvantages of joinder. First, joinder of the (alleged)
tortfeasor would inevitably delay the disposition of the deputy application
and increase the related costs. I note that the courts in Re SK and Re Z
emphasised this factor in dismissing the joinder applications in those cases
(see [47] and [51(a)] above). As a party to the deputy application, the
(alleged) tortfeasor would be entitled, at the very least, to introduce
evidence and make submissions on X’s capacity. Satellite issues flowing from
that issue such as those arising in this case, eg, whether X should be
examined by a doctor appointed by the (alleged) tortfeasor and/or a court-
appointed expert, might also arise. All this would delay the resolution of
deputy applications, which would also become more expensive. The delay and
expense would only increase if the involvement of the (alleged) tortfeasor was
not restricted to the issue of whether X lacked capacity, or if the (alleged)
tortfeasor contested such a restriction. In this regard, I note that although
the respondent’s right to be heard in the Deputy Application was ostensibly
limited to the issue of whether P lacked capacity (see [21] above), the DJ
also heard him on the terms of the deputyship (see [24] above).

59 In my judgment, such delay and expense would generally not be in X’s best
interests and would therefore be undesirable. For example, the appellants
submitted that the delay in the resolution of the Deputy Application had
delayed the commencement of the Civil Suit (the appellants could only commence
it on P’s behalf once they had been appointed as his deputies) (see [28(c)]
above). 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Appellants’ Case at para 63(a).

60 Second, a key concern with allowing the (alleged) tortfeasor to be joined
as party to the deputy application is that joinder would probably afford the
latter access to private and confidential information about X (and possibly
X’s family, if X’s family members were applying to be appointed as X’s
deputies). This point was noted in Re G and Re DNS (see [49] and [54(a)]
above). The concern arises because, as Munby P noted in Re G, a party to
proceedings is generally entitled to all of the documents filed in those
proceedings. I note that this point led the DJ to initially defer his decision
on the Joinder Application. The DJ was concerned that if the respondent became
a party to the Deputy Application, he would be able to access the eLitigation
case file for that application and thereby obtain confidential or privileged
information (see [19(a)] above). In my view, the DJ was correct to recognise
that joinder carried this drawback. It is difficult to see why the (alleged)
tortfeasor should have access to private and potentially sensitive information
about X in connection with a deputy application. It seems that he should only
be entitled to access such information, if at all, through the discovery
process in a civil suit commenced by X against him.

61 Third, allowing joinder of the (alleged) tortfeasor would likely make the
proceedings more adversarial, because the latter would seek to protect his
interests or at least be perceived to be doing so. The present case
illustrates this. The parties disputed many issues, including the relatively
minor one of whether the respondent should have been allowed to suggest names
of doctors whom might be appointed as the court-appointed expert. In my
judgment, it would not conduce to the just, expeditious and economical
determination of deputy applications (the goal envisioned under r 22 of the
FJR) for such proceedings to take on an adversarial tone. A similar view was
taken in Re Z, where the court noted that giving prominence to the applicant’s
commercial interest would not aid the resolution of Court of Protection
proceedings (see [51(c)] above).

62 I now turn to the advantages that joinder of the (alleged) tortfeasor may
offer. In my view, the key advantage of joinder is that it may enable the
(alleged) tortfeasor to place relevant evidence regarding X’s capacity before
the court. Such evidence might not be introduced by the applicants in a deputy
application, and might assist the court to determine the extent of X’s
capacity.

63 Nonetheless, in my judgment, this factor does not establish a compelling
case for joinder. Critically, joinder is not the only means by which the
(alleged) tortfeasor may place relevant evidence regarding X’s capacity before
the court. Mr Chia submitted that, as an alternative to joinder, the court
could call a non-party as a witness to give and/or adduce evidence under rr
22(3)(b) and 22(3)(g) of the FJR (see [31(b)] above). Rule 22(3) of the FJR
states:

(3) The directions that the Court may give … include directions on one or more
of the following matters:

…

(b) subject to any written law relating to the admissibility of evidence, that
a party or witness adduce any evidence relevant to the proceedings;

…

(g) the calling of a witness to give evidence with a view to assisting in the
resolution or disposal of a cause or matter, whether or not any party to the
proceedings will be calling that witness to give evidence for that party;

…

[emphasis added]

64 I accept Mr Chia’s submission that rr 22(3)(b) and 22(3)(g) of the FJR
provide a mechanism by which evidence on X’s capacity, which is not adduced by
the applicants in a deputy application, may be introduced in that application.
For example, since the DJ considered that the PI Reports raised questions
regarding P’s capacity, he could have called the relevant AJAX representatives
as witnesses in the Deputy Application under r 22(3)(g). He could then have
directed the witnesses to adduce the PI Reports under r 22(3)(b). The PI
Reports could thus have been introduced into the evidence.

65 In sum, the existence of a mechanism besides joinder, by which evidence on
X’s capacity may be introduced, undercuts the case for joinder. Similar views
were expressed in Re Z and Re DNS (see [51(b)] and [54(c)] above).

66 During the hearing, however, counsel for the respondent (“Mr Wee”) raised
doubts about the efficacy of such a mechanism. Mr Wee pointed out that the
court would only be able to make directions under rr 22(3)(b) and 22(3)(g) of
the FJR if it was aware of the relevant evidence. I agree. Yet it is not
necessary for the (alleged) tortfeasor to bring a joinder application to bring
the evidence to the court’s attention. I will elaborate on the process that
should apply below.

67 I now consider whether joinder would bring any other advantages apart from
allowing relevant evidence to be introduced into a deputy application.

68 The respondent submits that joinder would afford the court the opportunity
to hear submissions on X’s capacity by a party independent from the applicants
bringing the deputy application, namely, the (alleged) tortfeasor. By
contrast, a mere witness would not be entitled to make submissions. The
respondent emphasised that submissions might be of considerable assistance to
the court where the deputy application was uncontested, or where the evidence
indicated that there was fraud or other forms of abuse. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Respondent’s further submissions dated 28 September 2018 at para 22.

69 I accept that the opportunity of hearing submissions from the (alleged)
tortfeasor may be an advantage of joinder. Yet in my judgment, leaving aside
perhaps cases of fraud or other forms of abuse, it would generally not
outweigh the disadvantages noted above. This is because the court’s conclusion
on the extent of X’s capacity, and the consequential orders in the deputy
application, would, by and large, turn on the medical evidence and, in
particular, the doctors’ opinions on the extent of X’s capacity. This point is
illustrated by the DJ’s orders in this case, which tracked the views expressed
by Dr Fones in his report (see [23]–[24] above). It is therefore unclear that
the court would be greatly assisted in most cases by the submissions of the
(alleged) tortfeasor. What is critical is that all relevant and material
evidence regarding X’s mental incapacity is put before the court. Once that is
achieved, it is not obvious that submissions by the (alleged) tortfeasor would
generally add significant value. My views in this regard are consistent with
the position taken by the respondent. At the hearing, Mr Wee submitted that
the respondent’s participation “was no longer relevant” once the evidence his
clients sought to introduce was admitted.

70 I now address the reasons given by the DJ for the Joinder Decision. The DJ
did not expressly balance the advantages of joinder against its disadvantages.
Instead, he applied the principles governing joinder under O 15 r 6(2)(b) of
the Rules of Court – I will return to this point below. Nonetheless, the DJ
essentially considered that joinder would yield two main advantages (see
[27(c)]–[27(d)] above). First, it would prevent the issue of P’s alleged lack
of capacity being tried twice with possibly different results. Second, absent
joinder, a finding that P lacked capacity could potentially affect the
respondent legally or financially and joinder was desirable in those
circumstances.

71 I start with the DJ’s second point. In making this point, the DJ relied on
the English case of Gurtner (see [27(d)] above). In Gurtner, the plaintiff was
injured by a motorcycle which the defendant was riding. The plaintiff sued the
defendant in tort for negligence claiming damages for his personal injuries.
However, by the time the writ was issued, the defendant had left England and
his insurers could not be traced either. The plaintiff then obtained an order
for substituted service of the writ on an insurance company which the MIB had
asked to act on its behalf. The MIB applied to be added as a party to the
action, on the basis that it would be liable to satisfy any damages awarded to
the plaintiff in the action, pursuant to an agreement it had entered into with
the Minister of Transport to satisfy unsatisfied judgments obtained by injured
persons against motorists.

72 The Court of Appeal allowed the MIB’s appeal against the decision of the
court below, ordering that the MIB be joined as a party to the action. Lord
Denning MR explained this at 595D–596E as follows:

… when two parties are in dispute in an action at law, and the determination
of that dispute will directly affect a third person in his legal rights or in
his pocket, in that he will be bound to foot the bill, then the court in its
discretion may allow him to be added as a party on such terms as it thinks
fit. …

I would apply this proposition to the present case. If the [MIB] are not
allowed to come in as defendants what will happen? The order for substituted
service will go unchallenged. The service on the defendant Circuit will be
good, even though he knows nothing of the proceedings. He will not enter an
appearance. The plaintiff will sign judgment in default of appearance. The
judgment will be for damages to be assessed. The master will assess the
damages with no one to oppose. The judgment will be completed for the
ascertained sum. The defendant will not pay it. Then the plaintiff will be
able to come down on the [MIB] and call upon them to pay …

It is thus apparent that the [MIB] are vitally concerned in the outcome of the
action. They are directly affected, not only in their legal rights, but also
in their pocket. They ought to be allowed to come in as defendants. It would
be most unjust if they were bound to stand idly by watching the plaintiff get
judgment against the defendant without saying a word when they are the people
who have to foot the bill. …

[emphasis added]

73 Diplock LJ made the following remarks at 602G–603E:

Clearly the rules of natural justice require that a person who is to be bound
by a judgment in an action brought against another party and directly liable
to the plaintiff upon the judgment should be entitled to be heard in the
proceedings in which the judgment is sought to be obtained. …

So long as [a judgment] is legally enforceable against [a] person … the court
has jurisdiction to add that person as a party and ought normally to exercise
its discretion by granting his application to be added. I think, therefore,
that the [MIB] is entitled to be added as a party to the present action …

[emphasis added]

74 In short, in Gurtner, joinder of the MIB was desirable because the MIB
would have been directly affected by the result of the plaintiff’s action, in
that it would have been liable to pay the damages awarded to the plaintiff
even if it was not joined to the action. In those circumstances, natural
justice required that the MIB be joined to the action so that it would have an
opportunity to be heard.

75 On one view, the factual matrix at hand is similar to that in Gurtner. The
respondent argues that where a MCA court appoints a deputy to make decisions
on a person’s behalf, this would be premised on a finding that the person
lacks capacity as to certain matters, and this finding, which concerns the
status of the person, would be a judgment in rem that binds the world. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Respondent’s further submissions dated 28 September 2018 at para 11.

If this is correct, then as was the case in Gurtner, a non-party (here, the
respondent) could be bound by findings made by a court in proceedings that it
was not party to.

76 However, in my view, Gurtner is distinguishable from the factual matrix
under consideration. Even if a MCA court’s finding that a person lacks
capacity binds the world, such that the (alleged) tortfeasor may not dispute
X’s status as a person who lacks capacity, it would still be open to the
(alleged) tortfeasor to dispute, at least, the extent to which X lacks
capacity. I have arrived at this view, which the respondent accepts, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Respondent’s further submissions dated 28 September 2018 at para 13.

for the following reasons.

77 A person’s capacity is a dynamic attribute. It may improve or deteriorate
over time. A deputy application and a related tort action may be commenced at
different points in time and, indeed, the former will often precede the latter
because the decision to sue will often have to be made by the deputies. It
follows from this that findings made by a MCA court in a deputy application as
to X’s capacity may be overtaken by changes in X’s condition. By the time the
related tort action is brought, the earlier findings may not reflect X’s true
condition. In those circumstances, it is difficult to accept that the
(alleged) tortfeasor would be precluded from adducing evidence of those
changes in the related tort action.

78 If, as I have concluded, it is open to the (alleged) tortfeasor to dispute,
at least, the extent to which X lacks capacity in the tort action, then the
reasons of natural justice which called for joinder in Gurtner do not apply.
The (alleged) tortfeasor’s legal rights and financial interest would not be
substantially affected by findings he had no opportunity to be heard on,
because it is the substantive aspects in which X lacks capacity, rather than
X’s bare status as a person who lacks capacity, that will determine the
(alleged) tortfeasor’s liability (if any) to X, and the (alleged) tortfeasor
will be entitled to be heard on those issues. Thus, in my view, the second
point made by the DJ in favour of joinder falls away.

79 Further, it follows from the above analysis that the first benefit of
joinder perceived by the DJ also falls away. The DJ seems to have reasoned
that if the (alleged) tortfeasor was joined as a party to the deputy
application, he would be bound by findings as to X’s capacity made therein and
thus, joinder could prevent the issue of X’s capacity being tried twice.
However, for the reasons given above, in my view, joinder would not prevent
the issue of (the extent of) X’s capacity being considered afresh by the court
hearing the tort action. It can then decide on the damages to be awarded based
on its findings on the extent of X’s capacity. However, even if it finds that
X has regained full mental capacity, X’s status will still remain until
revised by the appropriate forum.

80 I conclude that the disadvantages of joining the (alleged) tortfeasor to a
deputy application concerning X would generally outweigh the advantages of
joinder. Therefore, joinder of the (alleged) tortfeasor would generally not be
“desirable” and should generally not be permitted under r 178(2) of the FJR.
It may be that in some exceptional cases, joinder of the (alleged) tortfeasor
would be desirable. However, such cases would likely be few and far between.

81 I now return to the question of how the (alleged) tortfeasor might place
evidence regarding X’s capacity before the court hearing the deputy
application (see [66] above). In my judgment, the following procedure should
apply:

(a) The (alleged) tortfeasor should write to the court to inform the court of
the evidence in his possession. The letter should set out details regarding
the nature of the evidence, and explain its relevance to the deputy
application. The letter should also generally enclose a copy of the evidence.
A copy of the letter and its enclosures should be sent to the applicant who
has brought the deputy application.

(b) The applicant bringing the deputy application should then have the
opportunity to respond to the (alleged) tortfeasor’s letter, by letter to the
court. The applicant should state his position on the relevance of the
evidence and whether he consents to the admission of the evidence. The
applicant’s reply to the court should be copied to the (alleged) tortfeasor.

(c) The court should then consider whether the evidence is relevant to the
issues to be determined in the deputy application.

(i) If the court is satisfied that the evidence is irrelevant, as was the case
in Re DNS (see [53] above), the court should inform the applicant and the
(alleged) tortfeasor of this. The (alleged) tortfeasor may then seek to raise
the evidence in the separate tort action (if any) brought by X against him.

(ii) If the court is satisfied that the evidence may be relevant, then it may
introduce the evidence into the deputy application of its own motion pursuant
to rr 22(3)(b) and 22(3)(g) of the FJR as noted in [64] above. The court may
then make consequential orders, eg, directing a court-appointed medical expert
or the parties’ medical experts to provide further medical reports which
address the new evidence.

82 I now turn to consider the outcome of this appeal.

The outcome of the appeal

83 The DJ proceeded on the basis that the principles regarding joinder laid
down in cases relating to O 15 r 6(2)(b) of the Rules of Court “would apply
equally” to joinder under r 178(2) of the FJR (see [27(b)] above). He
therefore analysed the issue of joinder through the prism of those principles.
In my view, this was an error of law and/or principle warranting appellate
intervention with the DJ’s exercise of his discretion. I have set out the
principles applicable to joinder under r 178(2) above, and they are not the
same as those which apply to joinder under O 15 r 6(2)(b) of the Rules of
Court.

84 Moreover, in my view, the Joinder Decision was “outside the generous ambit
within which a reasonable disagreement is possible”. As I have explained, the
disadvantages of joinder of the (alleged) tortfeasor to the deputy application
would generally outweigh the advantages of joinder, and I am satisfied that
this was the case here. Furthermore, there are no exceptional reasons arising
from the facts of this case which support the Joinder Decision.

85 I conclude that the appeal should be allowed on these two grounds.

Conclusion

86 For the above reasons, I allow the appeal.

87 I record my appreciation to Mr Chia for his submissions which greatly
assisted me in arriving at my decision in this matter.

88 I will hear the parties on costs.

Tan Puay Boon  
Judicial Commissioner

Viviene Kaur Sandhu and Gabriel Choo (Clifford Law LLP) for the appellants;  
Anthony Wee and Manoj Belani (United Legal Alliance LLC) for the respondent;  
Chia Huai Yuan (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) as

young amicus curiae.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

