Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 185

HC/Registrar’s Appeal from State Court No 18 of 2018

Between

Xie Weiwei

...Appellant

And

(1)| Long Hui Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Straits Construction Singapore Private Limited  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of DC/District Court Suit No 2386 of 2017

Between

Xie Weiwei

...Plaintiff

And

(1)| Long Hui Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Straits Construction Singapore Private Limited  
  
… Defendants

A N D

HC/Registrar’s Appeal from State Court No 19 of 2018

Between

Gao Weiqiang

...Appellant

And

Chip Eng Seng Contractors (1988) Pte Ltd

...Respondent

In the matter of DC/District Court Suit No 2115 of 2016

Between

Gao Weiqiang

… Plaintiff

And

Chip Eng Seng Contractors (1988) Pte Ltd

… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Order of medical examination]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Xie Weiwei

  

v

  

Long Hui Construction Pte Ltd and another

  

and another appeal

[2018] SGHC 185

High Court — HC/Registrar’s Appeals from State Court Nos 18 and 19 of 2018  
Choo Han Teck J  
6 August 2018

27 August 2018.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The two appeals, Registrar’s Appeals from State Court Nos 18 and 19 of 2018
(respectively, “RAS 18” and “RAS 19”) were fixed before me at the same
hearing. The appellant in RAS 18, Xie Weiwei (“Xie”), was injured in the
course of employment and he sued his employer for damages in DC Suit No 2386
of 2017. The parties entered interlocutory judgment at 85% against the
respondents and the matter was proceeding to the assessment of damages.

2 The respondents were the direct employers and main contractors respectively.
The appellant’s accident occurred on 8 November 2016 when he was dismantling
metal scaffoldings at work. A scaffolding fell on the appellant’s hand,
injuring it.

3 In his statement of claim, the appellant gave particulars of the damage
caused to him as:

(a) Left hand injuries; and

(b) Not able to perform usual tasks.

The medical report dated 24 April 2017 and attached to the statement of claim
tells us that the scaffolding fell on the appellant’s non-dominant hand, that
is, his left hand. There was swelling but “no wounds”. The doctor’s diagnosis
was “a hand contusion”. There were no fractures.

4 The medical examination was carried out on 9 November 2016, the day after
the accident. By January 2017, the doctor reported that the appellant was able
to make a full grip although there was still some aches and numbness which
“could be a sequelae of the injury”. The medical report also stated that the
appellant was “treated with strong pain and nerve-relaxing medications. The
aim of the treatment was to prevent Complex Regional Pain Syndrome (“CRPS”), a
possible complication of hand contusions.” More importantly, it reported that
in the follow-up examination, there was nothing “to suggest the onset of
CRPS”.

5 The medical report, together with the appellant’s special damages which he
pleaded as about $130,000, was a relevant factor in this appeal. The appeal
arose after the appellant was examined by his medical expert, Dr Lee Soon Tai,
on 25 October 2017. In this examination, Dr Lee concluded that the appellant
had CRPS.

6 Dr Lee’s report, if accepted, will obviously increase the amount of damages
recoverable. Consequently, the respondents requested that the appellant be
examined by an expert nominated by them. The appellant rejected this request
on several grounds. First, Ms Belinder Kaur, counsel for the appellant, argued
that the request was made on 13 March 2018, “a delay of almost five months”.
This argument was not entirely correct because the parties had a preliminary
hearing on the indication of quantum only in February 2018, and after which an
offer was made to the appellant. The appellant rejected that offer on 2 March
2018. From that point, it appeared that the question of damages had to be
tried. The request for a medical examination by the respondents’ expert was
reasonable because there was no inordinate delay given these circumstances.

7 Ms Kaur then argued that the respondents’ request ought to be denied because
the appellant had offered to be examined by the respondents’ expert when he
was in Singapore being examined by Dr Lee. The appellant is from China and in
his early 40s. Ms Kaur said that he should not be made to travel to Singapore
a second time since the respondents rejected his earlier offer to be examined.
Ms Kaur submitted that therefore it was perfectly reasonable for the appellant
to have rejected the respondents’ request. When the respondents applied for a
court order compelling the appellant to undergo the medical examination
proposed by the respondents, the deputy registrar of the State Court allowed
the respondents’ application. The appellant’s appeal to District Judge Seah
Chi-Ling was dismissed.

8 The appellant appealed to this court against the decision of DJ Seah. I was
of the view that the decision of DJ Seah was correct. The learned judge was of
the view that it was reasonable for the respondents to have the appellant
medically examined. Until the examination by Dr Lee, the appellant’s injury
did not appear as serious as observed by Dr Lee. It was sensible and
reasonable on the part of the respondents to avoid unnecessary costs. Given
the report by Dr Lee, the respondents were entitled to have their expert
examine the appellant for them to determine whether they will challenge the
report by Dr Lee.

9 I agree entirely with DJ Seah. DJ Seah also noted that the respondents had
offered to pay the appellant’s expenses for the examination. That was a
generous offer from the respondents in the circumstances of this case. A
fairer offer would have been to pay the expenses of the appellant’s medical
examination (by the respondents’ expert) upfront, subject to court’s decision
on costs at the end of the trial. Furthermore, before me, Ms Kaur conceded
that the appellant is presently unemployed. There is therefore no impediment
from an employer against the appellant’s absence from work and thus, no
prejudice would be occasioned against him in that regard.

10 RAS 19 involved very similar arguments. The appellant in RAS 19, Gao
Weiqiang (“Gao”), sued in DC Suit No 2115 of 2016 for damages arising from an
accident at work. He suffered a fracture of the 4th metacarpal (hand) and on
follow-up, the examining doctor certified that the injury was recovering well
and that the appellant’s range of movement was improving. Two years later, the
appellant (Gao) went for another medical examination. Similarly, his
solicitors, the same ones who act for the appellant Xie in RAS 18, invited the
respondent to have its expert examine the appellant (Gao) when he flies in for
his medical examination. The respondent declined, but when it received the
medical report by the appellant’s doctor stating that the appellant now has
residual disability and may require future surgery, the respondent requested
that the appellant (Gao) be examined by its (the respondent’s) doctor.

11 The appellant’s solicitors rejected the request. On the respondent’s
application to the court, a deputy registrar allowed the respondent’s
application for a further medical examination. His decision was upheld on
appeal to a District Judge. Gao then appealed before me. Counsel for the
appellant (Gao) submitted that the grounds are identical to that of the
appellant Xie in RAS 18.

12 I accept that the grounds are the same, and I am also of the view that the
decision below was right. The respondents (in both appeals) reasonably kept
the medical and legal costs down. Once the circumstances changed, unexpectedly
in both these appeals, the respondents were obliged to investigate further.
Their request to have the appellants in both appeals subject themselves to a
medical examination was fair and reasonable.

13 CRPS, it seems, is a diagnosis of last resort when there is no other
medical explanation for a patient’s constant and continuing complaint of pain.
There are cases in which medical experts can explain why pain lingers in the
patient long after it ought to have ceased, but it is increasingly common
nowadays for an injured plaintiff to claim that he is still in pain even when
the doctors cannot determine or justify the cause or reason for it. CRPS has
become a useful way to close the medical file for such plaintiffs, but it
shifts the burden of determining the true medical syndrome to the court.

14 This, therefore, is a difficult aspect in the assessment of damages. The
court must be satisfied that it is indeed a genuine case and not a new melody
of an old malingerer’s tune. The court will therefore welcome additional
medical opinions in such cases. Should the injured produce a diagnosis of CRPS
when the original diagnosis does not indicate future complications, the
opposing party must be given an opportunity to test that new diagnosis.

15 What I say above applies equally in the case of Gao, in the second appeal.
When his initial injury was changed from “improving” to one that “may require
future surgery”, (a diagnosis made two years after the first report) the
respondent is entitled to test that claim as to why the injury was worse than
when the appellant was first examined.

16 For the reasons above, the appeals in RAS 18 and RAS 19 are both dismissed.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Belinder Kaur Nijar (Hoh Law Corporation) for the appellants/ plaintiffs;  
Charles Phua Cheng Sye and Herman Lee (ComLaw LLC) for the
respondents/defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

