Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 27

Companies Winding Up No 252 of 2016

Between

| Prospaq Group Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Yong Xing Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Companies] — [Winding up]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Prospaq Group Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Yong Xing Construction Pte Ltd

  

[2018] SGHC 27

High Court — Companies Winding Up No 252 of 2016  
Pang Khang Chau JC  
27 March, 24 April, 12 May, 9, 30 June, 7, 21 July, 11 August, 8, 22
September, 6 November, 18 December 2017, 15 January 2018  

5 February 2018

Pang Khang Chau JC:

Introduction

1 Companies Winding Up No 252 of 2016 (“CWU 252/2016”) was an application
commenced on 9 November 2016 by Pan-United Concrete Pte Ltd (“Pan-United
Concrete”) for the winding up of Yong Xing Construction Pte Ltd (“the
Defendant”). After several adjournments and substitution of plaintiffs, I
ordered the winding up of the Defendant on 15 January 2018 on the application
of the substituted plaintiff, Prospaq Group Pte Ltd (“Prospaq Group”).

2 Prospaq Group based its application on a judgment in default of appearance
dated 23 November 2016 for the sum of $206,647.80 (“the Judgment Debt”) and a
statutory demand issued on 29 November 2016 for the Judgement Debt, which
statutory demand remained unsatisfied as of 15 January 2018.

3 At the hearing on 15 January 2018, the Defendant did not dispute the
Judgment Debt. Instead, it sought an adjournment to negotiate a settlement
with Prospaq Group and other creditors. Prospaq Group and two other creditors
opposed the adjournment while the remaining creditors took no position. No
creditors spoke in favour of an adjournment. Considering that the Judgment
Debt was undisputed and that the Defendant had already been given more than a
year to settle it, I declined to exercise my discretion in favour of a further
adjournment and decided to accede to Prospaq Group’s application to wind up
the Defendant. The Defendant has appealed against my decision.

Background

The Defendant

4 The Defendant was incorporated in 2004 as an exempt private company limited
by shares. Its principal activity was building construction. Its sole director
and sole shareholder was one Mr Li AnQuan.

5 According to information filed in court by the Defendant in support of its
application for the court to order a meeting of creditors to consider a
proposed scheme of arrangement (“OS 283/2017”):

(a) the Defendant had a paid up capital of $6.5 million;

(b) in 2014, it generated $41,915,216 in revenue from which it made a profit
of $3,010,061. Its net assets at the end of 2014 was $6,824,692;

(c) in 2015, it generated $39,790,299 in revenue from which it made a loss of
$4,790,538. Its net assets at the end of 2015 was $2,034,154;

(d) in 2016, it generated $24,350,006 in revenue from which it made a loss of
$4,438,116. Its net liabilities at the end of 2016 was $2,093,049;

(e) as of March 2017, the Defendant was owing creditors more than $14 million
and was continuing to incur monthly operating expenses in the region of
$200,000 to $300,000.

6 The financial information for 2014 and 2015 were based on audited financial
statements while that for 2016 was not. The court had not been provided with
any other information about the Defendant’s financial position in 2017.

Procedural history

Moratorium granted to allow proposal of scheme of arrangement

7 After Pan-United Concrete filed CWU 252/2016, the Defendant applied in
Originating Summons 1277 of 2016 (“OS 1277/2016”) for a moratorium pursuant to
s 210(10) of the Companies Act (“CA”). I heard OS 1277/2016 on 15 December
2016 and granted a 12-week moratorium. Proceedings in CWU 252/2016 were stayed
while the moratorium remained in force.

Dismissal of application for scheme of arrangement

8 On 9 March 2017, I extended the moratorium for a further four weeks to allow
the Defendant more time to file its application under s 210(1) of the CA for
the court to order a meeting of creditors to consider a scheme of arrangement
proposed by the Defendant. This application (ie, OS 283/2017) was filed on 13
March 2017 and heard by me on 20 March 2017. On 27 March 2017, I dismissed OS
283/2017 with the following brief oral grounds:

First, I have serious concerns about the level of transparency for the entire
process.

To give an example, at the hearing in December last year, the company filed a
supplementary affidavit which included the salary slips for all the workers in
order to demonstrate that the withdrawal from the Company’s bank accounts that
took place shortly before the hearing were all for payment of salary. The
company was very careful to include salary slips of only the construction
workers but not those of the office staff of the Company thereby avoiding any
disclosure of the amount of salary which Mr Li and his family members were
drawing from the company. It was several hearings later when I kept pressing
for further breakdown of the salary information that finally, in late
February, we received information about how much monthly salary Mr Li and his
family members were getting from the Company over the last several months.

When the figures comparing the liquidation scenario and the scheme scenario
were presented last December, the only operating expenses taken into account
in the proposed scheme scenario were the salary of staff. This clearly cannot
be right because the expenses of company cannot be just the salary of staff,
so again I had to press the Company to disclose what other operating expenses
there were. This is another example of the Company not being upfront and
transparent with information.

Then, there was a late discovery of half a million worth of GST owed to the
government and at the most recent hearing last week, I was informed that there
was half a million worth of debts owed to sub-contractors which were not
previously mentioned.

And the status of the debt which the Company owes to the director, Mr Li
Anquan, and how that was to be treated if the scheme was to be approved was
not really explained until I pressed for it at the hearing last week.

One of the features of the scheme that was touted since the December hearing
was that the scheme manager’s cost would be paid for by Mr Li and would not
come from the Company. The scheme document does not actually reflect this or
in any way seek to make this a binding condition which the creditors can rely
on. Instead, the scheme manager continues to be listed as a creditor of the
company, and a creditor that is not bound by the scheme proposal.

Coming to the feature of the scheme itself, in December, the rough scheme
proposal painted a picture that under the scheme scenario, there would be a
payout of close to S$ 8 million which, based on the calculations at that time,
would have amounted to a 68% recovery for the unsecured creditors. The
proposal that was on the table at last week’s hearing involved a payout of $4
million. That is half the amount. And even though the scheme document says
this $4 million represented a 40% recovery, that was based on the assumption
that the amount of debt was $10 million. But we heard at the last hearing that
up to the filing of the last affidavit, the independent accountant had
acknowledged that the debts were $ 14 million and could continue to increase.

I have looked at the documents sent in by creditors after the aging summary of
the debts prepared by the independent accountant were distributed to
creditors. Many creditors disputed the amount of debt set out in the aging
summary. And if you were to look at the amount in dispute, they could easily
add another $1 million to the total debt. So the payout of $4 million, would
be a recovery rate of 28.7% if you assume the debt is $14 million and this
could drop to 26.8% if you assume the debt is $15 million.

Using the $15 million figure as the rule of thumb, the recovery rate in the
liquidation scenario is going to be 16.4%. The liquidation scenario in the
scheme document actually doesn’t take into account the value of movable assets
in the Company’s possession such as plants and equipment. So if you include
the movable assets, there is a possibility that the recovery rate in the
liquidation scenario could go up to close to 20%.

So what we are really looking at is a scheme which essentially asks creditors
to wait for another 2.5 years for a chance to get possibly 7% to 10% more
payout of their debt amounts than in the liquidation scenario. But during this
period of 2.5 years, there are many many more risks that the creditors are
being asked to bear, like the risk of projects not completing, the risk of the
company not being able to get payments from its debtors, and the risk of UOB
winding up the company because Mr Li may not be good for his personal
guarantee for the shortfall of $350k.

I accept that the applicable legal principle is that the court at the s 210(1)
stage should not consider the attractiveness of the scheme or the benefits
that the scheme would bring to the creditors but it is equally a principle
that the court at the s 210(1) stage should not act in vain. So the court is
entitled to form the opinion that calling a meeting would be an exercise in
futility and not agree to let the meeting proceed.

The classic statement of when the court would exercise this discretion is when
it is obvious that at least 25% in value of the creditors would oppose the
scheme, as that obviously means that there is no point calling the meeting.
But that cannot be the only scenario where the court will exercise such a
discretion. From the many creditors who spoke out at the last hearing, a large
number opposed the scheme. None spoke out in favor of it. So even though, the
value represented at the last hearing did not amount to 25% of the debts, the
remarks of counsel for the creditors at the hearing gave me a sufficient idea
of how the vote is likely to go if the meeting is called.

I am also mindful that even if the creditors were to vote in favor of the
scheme, the court retains a discretion under s 210(3) not to approve the
scheme. And at that point, the court can take into account the fairness of the
scheme and whether a reasonable person would have gone along with the scheme.
These principles are well established in case law. In order for the court not
to act in futility, the court is entitled to look ahead to what it might do at
the s 210(3) stage. Therefore, having regard to the features of the scheme I
have just described, I am of the view that the scheme is unlikely to receive
sanction of the court under s 210(3).

For the foregoing reasons, I am dismissing the application.

Moratorium lifted

9 With the dismissal of OS 283/2017, the moratorium was lifted. At the
restored hearing for CWU 252/2016 on 27 March 2017, Pan-United Concrete sought
and obtained a four-week adjournment to get its papers in order.

Substitution of plaintiffs

10 At the hearing on 24 April 2017, the court was informed that Pan-United
Concrete and the Defendant had agreed to seek a two-month adjournment to allow
the Defendant to explore funding options. Supporting creditor Lai Yew Seng Pte
Ltd (“Lai Yew Seng”) objected to a two-month adjournment and sought to be
substituted as the plaintiff pursuant to r 33(1)(b) of the Companies (Winding
Up) Rules (“CWUR”). I granted a three-week adjournment for Lai Yew Seng to
file the necessary papers for the substitution application.

11 At the hearing on 12 May 2017, Pan-United Concrete sought leave to withdraw
CWU 252/2016. Instead of allowing the application to be withdrawn, I ordered
that Lai Yew Seng be substituted as plaintiff in place of Pan-United Concrete.
Lai Yew Seng sought and obtained a three-week adjournment to get its papers
for the winding up application in order.

12 At the hearing on 9 June 2017, Lai Yew Seng sought leave to withdraw. I
ordered that Innovate Fabrication Pte Ltd (“Innovate Fabrication”) be
substituted as plaintiff in place of Lai Yew Seng. The Defendant sought and
obtained a three-week adjournment to pursue negotiations with Innovate
Fabrication.

13 At the hearing on 30 June 2017, Innovate Fabrication sought leave to
withdraw. I ordered the substitution of Natural Cool Airconditioning &
Engineering Pte Ltd (“Natural Cool”) as plaintiff in place of Innovate
Fabrication. I was also informed at this hearing that SinMetal Engineering Pte
Ltd (“SinMetal”) had commenced a separate winding up application against the
Defendant (“CWU 120/2017”) which had been fixed for hearing on 7 July 2017. I
therefore adjourned CWU 252/2016 to 7 July 2017 so that both applications
could be heard together.

14 At the hearing on 7 July 2017, Natural Cool sought a two-week adjournment
as parties were close to settlement. This was granted. At the same hearing,
SinMetal sought and obtained leave to withdraw CWU 120/2017.

15 At the hearing on 21 July 2017, Natural Cool sought leave to withdraw the
application. This was opposed by Asia Mortar Pte Ltd (“Asia Mortar”), Chin
Seng Engineering Pte Ltd (“Chin Seng Engineering”), Eltraco Roofing System Pte
Ltd (“Eltraco Roofing”) and ISO-Integrated M&E Pte Ltd (“ISO-Intergrated”),
all of whom expressed the wish to be substituted as plaintiff. I granted a
three-week adjournment for creditors wishing to be substituted as plaintiffs
to file the necessary papers.

16 At the hearing on 11 August 2017, I ordered the substitution of Eltraco
Roofing as plaintiff in place of Natural Cool. I was also informed that KH
Foges Pte Ltd (“KH Foges”) had commenced a separate winding up application
against the Defendant (“CWU 149/2017”) which had been fixed for hearing on 8
September 2017. I therefore adjourned CWU 252/2016 to 8 September 2017 so that
both applications could be heard together.

17 At the hearing on 8 September 2017, Eltraco Roofing informed that it was
close to settlement with the Defendant and requested a two-week adjournment to
iron out settlement terms. The adjournment was granted. At the same hearing,
KH Foges sought and obtained leave to withdraw CWU 149/2017.

18 At the hearing on 22 September 2017, Eltraco Roofing sought leave to
withdraw CWU 252/2016 as it had reached settlement with the Defendant. In
response, Stars Engrg Pte Ltd (“Stars Engrg”), Kurihara Kogyo Co., Ltd
(“Kurihara Kogyo”) and Ribar Industries Pte Ltd (“Ribar”) expressed the wish
to be substituted as plaintiff. As an adjournment was needed for these
creditors to file the necessary papers for substitution of plaintiff, the
Defendant requested a six-week adjournment so that it could settle with as
many creditors as possible. As no creditors objected to a six-week adjournment
and as the Official Receiver’s representative indicated that it would be good
to give the Defendant some time to negotiate with the creditors, I granted a
six-week adjournment.

Entered the white knight

19 At the hearing on 6 November 2017, I granted Prospaq Group’s application to
be substituted as plaintiff in place of Eltraco Roofing. The Defendant
produced an affidavit from Li AnQuan informing the court that:

(a) he had been in negotiations with one Mr Toh Soon Hock (“Mr Toh”) for the
latter to buy 80% of the former’s shares in the Defendant for a sum of $3
million;

(b) he would apply the $3 million to assist the Defendant in repaying its
debts to its creditors;

(c) a letter of intent for the share purchase had been signed on 1 November
2017;

(d) under its terms, Mr Toh would make an upfront payment of $500,000 to Li
AnQuan by 7 November 2017;

(e) Li AnQuan planned to put the Defendant into funds by transferring the said
$500,000 into the Defendant’s bank account.

(f) the share purchase was due to complete on 8 January 2018.

The Defendant sought a six-week adjournment. As no creditors objected, I
granted the adjournment sought.

20 At the hearing on 18 December 2017, Prospaq Group sought a three-week
adjournment to allow it to find a private liquidator, as the Official Receiver
had declined to act as liquidator. The Defendant asked if a six-week
adjournment could be granted instead, so as to allow the Defendant to close
the deal with Mr Toh and settle all outstanding claims. Prospaq Group objected
to a six-week adjournment. It pointed out that, despite the claim in Li
AnQuan’s affidavit of 6 November 2017 that Mr Toh would make an upfront
payment of $500,000 by 7 November 2017, there was no sign of the money. As no
creditors spoke in favour of a six-week adjournment, I granted a four-week
adjournment.

Proceedings on 15 January 2018

21 At the hearing on Monday 15 January 2018, Prospaq Group indicated that it
wished to proceed with the winding up application. The Defendant requested a
short adjournment, explaining that:

(a) it was expecting a progress payment of $250,000 that afternoon from one of
its ongoing project; and

(b) in anticipation of the receipt of this payment, it had made a settlement
proposal to Prospaq Group.

Prospaq Group pointed out that the Defendant’s offer was made only on the
previous Friday (ie, one working day before the hearing) even though the
Defendant had almost a month since the last hearing to do so. Prospaq Group
was not willing to accept the offer as it was not for the full settlement of
the Judgment Debt.

22 At this point Mr Dhanwant Singh of S K Kumar Law Practice LLP stood up to
address the court as counsel for Li AnQuan. Prospaq Group objected to Mr
Dhanwant Singh’s standing to address the court, as Li AnQuan had not filed a
notice of intention to appear. Considering that Li AnQuan was both a creditor
and a contributory of the Defendant, I decided to waive the requirement of
notice of intention to appear and hear Mr Dhanwant Singh out. Mr Dhanwant
Singh’s proposal was for a short adjournment to be granted so that a meeting
of the Defendant’s creditors could be convened to decide how best to proceed.
This proposal received no traction with the creditors present.

23 Noting that the anticipated receipt of $250,000 exceeded the Judgment Debt
of $206,647.80, I stood down the matter for 45 minutes to allow parties time
for further discussions.

24 When the hearing resumed, the Defendant informed that it was offering to
settle the Judgment Sum in full, but in two tranches - $150,000 immediately
and the remainder by 15 February 2018. Prospaq Group’s position remained that
it wished to proceed with the winding up application unless there was full
settlement of the Judgment Debt on 15 January 2018.

25 The Defendant explained that as it had ongoing projects under which it was
receiving progress payments of $150,000 to $200,000 a month, it needed funds
to pay for the operating expenses to keep these projects going. That was why
the Defendant could not immediately pay off the entire Judgement Debt from the
$250,000 progress payment it was receiving that day.

26 Among the supporting creditors, Kurihara Kogyo opposed an adjournment, JRP
& Associates indicated that it did not object to an adjournment while counsel
for the remaining creditors indicated that they had no instructions on the
proposed adjournment.

27 As for the proposed sale of shares to Mr Toh, which was due for completion
by 8 January 2018, the Defendant explained that completion was delayed as Mr
Toh was still undergoing his due diligence exercise, including inquiries into
the winding up applications against the Defendant. The Defendant was not able
to provide the court with a new estimated completion date.

Analysis

Prospaq Group’s standing

28 As Prospaq Group’s Judgment Debt and statutory demand post-dated the
commencement of CWU 252/2016 by Pan-United Concrete, a threshold question
arose as to whether Prospaq Group was entitled to be substituted as plaintiff
in CWU 252/2016. This was because r 33(1) of the CWUR provided that only
someone with the “right to make the winding up application” could be
substituted as a plaintiff.

29 A similar factual situation arose in Re People’s Parkway Development Pte
Ltd [1991] 2 SLR(R) 567 (“People’s Parkway”). In that case, the petitioning
creditor commenced winding up application against the debtor company on 27
June 1986. The winding up application was adjourned sine die on 30 November
1987 with the consent of the petitioning creditor. On 4 March 1991, the
Attorney-General (“AG”) applied to be substituted as the petitioning creditor.
The AG’s claim was for outstanding payments under a Government land sale which
took place in 1981, for which the AG issued a statutory demand on 2 January
1991. L P Thean J (as he then was) held that:

(a) only a person who had a right to present a winding up petition at the time
the petition was originally presented may be substituted as the petitioning
creditor;

(b) even though the AG’s statutory demand was issued after 27 June 1986, the
underlying debt was in existence before 27 June 1986;

(c) the AG was therefore a person who, on 27 June 1986, had a right to present
a winding petition against the debtor company.

30 In the present case, the claim underlying Prospaq Group’s Judgment Debt was
for unpaid invoices for supply of construction materials between 1 June 2016
and 6 October 2016. The facts of the present case are therefore on all fours
with those in People’s Parkway. I was therefore persuaded that Prospaq Group
was a person who had “a right to make the winding up application” for the
purposes of r 33(1) of the CWUR.

Whether grounds for winding up made out

31 One of the grounds for ordering the winding up of a company is that the
company is unable to pay its debts (s 254(1)(e) of the CA). Pursuant to s
254(2)(a) of the CA, a company shall be deemed unable to pay its debts if a
statutory demand for a debt exceeding $10,000 was served on the company and
the company had for three weeks thereafter neglected to pay the sum or to
secure or compound it to the reasonable satisfaction of the creditor.

32 This ground has been satisfied in the present case as:

(a) the Judgment Debt exceeded $10,000;

(b) a statutory demand had been served on the Defendant for the Judgment Debt
and the Defendant failed to pay (or to secure or compound it) for more than
three weeks; and

(c) the Judgment Debt was not disputed by the Defendant.

33 Given the discussions at [28]-[30] above, it may be asked whether a
statutory demand served after the commencement of the winding up application
could properly be relied on as evidence of the defendant’s inability to pay
debts for the purposes of making the winding up order. Fortunately, this was
not a question I needed to decide, as I also found pursuant to s 254(2)(c) of
the CA that the Defendant was unable to pay its debts.

34 According to s 254(2)(c), a company shall be deemed unable to pay its debts
if:

it is proved to the satisfaction of the Court that the company is unable to
pay its debts; and in determining whether a company is unable to pay its debts
the Court shall take into account the contingent and prospective liabilities
of the company.

Under this provision, a company is deemed insolvent if it is either
commercially insolvent or balance sheet insolvent (Re Great Eastern Hotel
(Pte) Ltd [1988] 2 SLR(R) 276 at [85]). A company is commercially insolvent if
it is unable to meet current demands upon it (Re Dayang Construction and
Engineering Pte Ltd [2002] 2 SLR(R) 197 at [40]; Malayan Plant (Pte) Ltd v
Moscow Narodny Bank Ltd [1979-1980] SLR(R) 511 at [12]). The Defendant was
commercially insolvent, as evident from its inability to pay off its very
substantial and long outstanding debts despite having been afforded more than
a year since the commencement of CWU 252/2016 to do so.

Whether discretion should be exercised in favour of further adjournment

35 Prior to 15 January 2018, all adjournments I granted were either at the
request or with the consent of the respective plaintiffs who were dominus
litis at the time the adjournments were granted. The hearing of 15 January
2018 was the first occasion on which a request for adjournment by the
Defendant was opposed by the plaintiff.

36 It was observed in Andrew Keay, McPherson’s Law of Company Liquidation
(Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2009) at [3.079] that:

… the court is averse, except in very special circumstances, to permitting a
lengthy adjournment because of the adverse effect on the affairs of the
company; the company cannot enter into transactions with certainty that they
will stand, because if a winding-up order is made they will probably be
invalid. … The principles that should guide a court in relation to an
application for an adjournment are the same as those guiding courts when
exercising their discretion to refuse a winding-up order.

On the latter point, the Court of Appeal held in BNP Paribas v Jurong Shipyard
Pte Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R) 949 (“Jurong Shipyard”) at [15] that:

The general rule is that, where a company is unable or deemed to be unable to
pay its debts, the creditor is prima facie entitled to a winding-up order ex
debito justitiae

One of the special circumstances recognised in Jurong Shipyard as justifying
an adjournment is the case of a temporarily insolvent but commercially viable
defendant company who merited being allowed time to resolve issues at hand or
to seek alternative measures (at [19]-[20]).

37 In the present case, the Defendant could by no stretch of the imagination
be described as “temporarily insolvent”. The Defendant had the benefit of ten
months’ of adjournment following three months’ of moratorium and yet it was
not able to resolve its outstanding debts within this very generous time
frame. The hope of a white knight investor held out by the Defendant also
turned out to be no more than a mere hope. In the circumstances, it would not
be in the interest of the general body of creditors to allow matters to drag
on indefinitely. I therefore declined the requests for a further adjournment.

Decision

38 In the light of the foregoing, I ordered that the Defendant be wound up.
Pursuant to s 255(2) of the CA, the winding up is deemed to have commenced on
9 November 2016.

Events after the making of the winding up order

39 On the same day that the winding up order was made, the Defendant:

(a) discharged its solicitors and appointed Mr Dhanwant Singh to act for it;

(b) filed a notice of appeal against the winding up order; and

(c) filed an application for stay of execution of the winding up order pending
appeal (“the Stay Application”).

40 As the summons for the Stay Application was issued with a return date of 30
January 2018, the Defendant applied to the Duty Registrar on 16 January 2018
for an earlier hearing date. The Duty Registrar sought my directions and I
agreed to hear parties on 17 January 2018.

Grant of interim stay on 17 January 2018

41 At the hearing on 17 January 2018, I was informed that the Judgment Debt
had been fully paid on 16 January 2018 and that Prospaq Group was not opposing
the Stay Application. Observing that only the Defendant and Prospaq Group
attended the hearing, I informed them that:

(a) winding up was an in rem proceeding, as it was provided in s 262(4) of the
CA that a winding up order operated in favour of all the creditors;

(b) I therefore could not grant a stay of the winding up order simply because
the plaintiff, Prospaq Group, was not opposing the stay;

(c) it was necessary to hear the other creditors before a decision on the Stay
Application could be made.

42 Mr Dhanwant Singh explained that he had served the Stay Application on all
represented creditors who attended the 15 January 2018 hearing. However, as
the return date stated on the summons was 30 January 2018, he was not sure if
the other creditors were aware of the 17 January 2018 hearing. He proposed
that the matter be adjourned to 30 January 2018 and that an interim stay be
granted until then. I agreed.

43 To facilitate the creditors’ consideration of the stay application, I
directed the Defendant to file an affidavit to provide:

(a) a schedule of all outstanding debts, listing down the amounts owed and to
whom they were owed; and

(b) a schedule of expected receivables over the next six months.

Disclosures made by the Defendant on 26 & 29 January 2018

44 The Defendant filed an affidavit from Li AnQuan on 26 January 2018 (“the 26
January Affidavit”) to inform that:

(a) it had outstanding debts of $1.6 million owed to nine creditors;

(b) it owned three immovable properties which together was worth $4.2 million;

(c) two of these immovable properties were in the process of being sold and
the net proceeds from the sales would amount to $619,961.

(d) it had ongoing projects worth $9 million.

45 I had the following observations to make about the three immovable
properties mentioned in the 26 January Affidavit:

(a) The two immovable properties which the 26 January Affidavit claimed was in
the process of being sold (10 Admiralty Street #03-29 and 100 Lorong 23
Geylang #05-01) were already mentioned in Li AnQuan’s affidavit of 9 December
2016 filed in OS 1277/2016. It was stated in that affidavit that the two
immovable properties were in the process of being sold and the estimated
completion dates for the sales were January / February 2017.

(b) The third immovable property mentioned in the 26 January Affidavit was a
property in Sungei Kadut held under a 30-year JTC lease commencing from 16
June 1995 (ie, there were 7.5 years remaining in the lease). In the draft
scheme of arrangement filed in OS 283/2017, it was stated that this property
would not be sold under the scheme as it would be retained to house the
Defendant’s ongoing operations.

46 As the 26 January Affidavit did not contain a schedule of expected
receivables over the next six months, I asked the Registry to point this out
to the Defendant. The Defendant filed a further affidavit on 29 January 2018
to inform that it was expecting to receive $3.6 million over the next six
months under five ongoing projects with the Ministry of Education. However,
the further affidavit failed to provide a breakdown of how the expected
receipt of this $3.6 million would be phased out over the next six months.

47 I pause here to note that if the Defendant was expecting to receive $3.6
million over the next six months, this would work out to an average of
$600,000 per month. This figure did not gel with Defendant’s counsel’s
submission on 15 January 2018 that the Defendant was receiving progress
payments of $150,000 to $200,000 every month. It also did not gel with the
projection given by the Defendant in OS 283/2017 that it was expecting to
collect project monies of about $4.3 million from July 2017 to December 2018.

The hearing on 30 January 2018

48 At the hearing on 30 January 2018, the Defendant submitted that it was not
insolvent as it had assets exceeding $5 million in value and was expecting to
receive $3.6 million in payment over the next six months, compared to the
outstanding debts of merely $1.6 million. The Defendant therefore asked the
court to either rescind the winding up order or grant a three-month stay so
that the Defendant could approach all the creditors to reach settlement with
them.

49 Several creditors informed the court that their debts had not been listed
in the 26 January Affidavit. Kurihara Kogyo noted that the affidavit had
inaccurately recorded its debts as having been negotiated down from $47,101 to
$34,000, when there was in fact no such settlement. Eltraco Roofing informed
the court that although it had reached settlement with the Defendant earlier,
the settlement terms had been breached in that the post-dated cheques given to
Eltraco Roofing by the Defendant as part of the settlement had been
dishonoured. A number of creditors also pointed out that neither the claimed
expected receivables of $3.6 million nor the claimed asset value of $5 million
was supported by documentary evidence.

50 After hearing that creditors had been omitted from the 26 January
Affidavit, Mr Dhanwant Singh sought and was given permission to consult with
Li AnQuan. Pursuant to the said consultation, Mr Dhanwant Singh informed the
court the Defendant had started the process with $17 million of outstanding
debts, and this had since been reduced to $5 million. Upon hearing this
explanation, I remarked that the latest debt figure of $5 million disclosed by
the Defendant was roughly three times the $1.6 million disclosed in the 26
January Affidavit. At this point, Mr Dhanwant Singh requested a two-week
adjournment to sort out the factual discrepancies. Mr Dhanwant Singh also
assured the court that, if time was granted, the Defendant would provide full
information and make full and frank disclosures.

51 Of the eight creditors who addressed the court, five were opposed to
granting a stay, one was in favour of granting an interim stay of three months
to allow the Defendant to attempt settlement with creditors while the
remaining two had no instructions. The Official Receiver’s representative
submitted that, unless the Defendant was able to show that it could pay off
all the creditors and had a plan in place to do so, a stay should not be
granted.

52 Considering the piece meal and less than candid disclosure of information
by the Defendant, the overall conduct of the Defendant in these proceedings,
the vast amount of time already given to the Defendant to resolve matters and
the lack of evidence that the Defendant would be able to settle its debts in
the foreseeable future, I declined the request for a two-week adjournment and
proceeded to dismiss the Stay Application.

Pang Khang Chau  
Judicial Commissioner

Nicholas Aw and Annsley Wong (Clifford Law LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Eugene Thuraisingam, Suang Wijaya and Teo Shermin (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP)
for the defendant;  
Dhanwant Singh (S K Kumar Law Practice LLP) for Li AnQuan;  
Sheryl Ang and Claire Yuen (WongPartnership LLP) for creditor, Stars Engrg Pte
Ltd;  
Chermaine Tan Si Ning (Patrick Ong Law LLC) for creditor, Kurihara Kogyo Co.,
Ltd;  
Gopal Perumal (Gopal Perumal & Co) for creditors, Ribar Industries Pte Ltd and
Jua Seng Engineering Works Pte Ltd;  
Madeline Yeo and Spring Tan (KhattarWong LLP) for creditor, Pan-United
Concrete Pte Ltd;  
Mirza Namazie and Ong Ai Wern (Mallal & Namazie) for creditors, Lai Yew Seng
Pte Ltd, Natural Cool Airconditioning & Engineering Pte Ltd and Innovate
Fabrication Pte Ltd;  
Ho Shao Hsien and Lorenda Lee (Eldan Law LLP) for creditor, ISO-Integrated M&E
Pte. Ltd. (formerly known as Rongshun Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd;  
Raymund Anthony (Gateway Law Corporation) for creditor, Hock Seng Hoe Metal
Pte Ltd;  
Shu Shin Yee (Malkin & Maxwell LLP) for creditor, Air-related services Pte
Ltd;  
and Juliet Chee (in persons) for creditor, Sign Mechnic Pte Ltd;  
Joanna Wan (in person) for creditor, Transvert Scaffold;  
and  
Wileeza A Gapar for the official receiver.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

